 I seriously considered making this in the Romance category, but left it scifi/fantasy since most other parts belong there. Its part of the growing story and necessary to the plot. Hope you enjoy. 

Chapter 6 -- Spoiling your genie. 

Katarina finished reading about the sort of threesome and the true foursome and was beyond aroused. She jumped into the bathtub before dinner she took the shower head and started spraying her clit with the warm water, again fantasizing about a certain sexy blue eyed blonde. 

The idea of the magic and having a submissive being was a turn on, but truthfully what really got her going was the thought of a perfect mate, one that was in essence designed for her soul and in return designed to make herself perfect for that being as well. If only she could have that, well, she would do anything.

She soaped up her left hand and reaching behind her slid the middle finger in her puckered hole and started to massage the inside of her anus. It did not take long to find relief from her lust, rotating her wrist causing one of the streams from the showerhead to circle her clit imagining it was Sara's tongue doing it, she gasped loudly as her body tingled and tightened building up to release. 

She adjusted her circle so it hit her clit directly before circling once, keeping up that pattern as best she could as her body slowly lost control and she was pushed over the edge, her whole body reacting, she came hard, mixing her squirting juice with the warm water from the shower massaging nozzle. 

Slowly the tremors through her body came under control and she finished up the shower. 

Making a light dinner Kat ate quickly, and drank a few glasses of wine to relax. She then grabbed the book, and opened it to continue the story, wondering about this obsession, not sure if she could stop reading even if she wanted to; she turned the page.......

===============================

I will not go over every encounter and conversation in the auto-biography, which would take years and many volumes of this size. Suffice it to say we grew closer over time. Our sex life was constantly renewed and energized throughout our lifetime and I will continue to share some of the highlights but let me take you a few months forward in time after our first two person threesome. 

With the wish in place Mike's business started to explode, the wish research was a lot better than any man or woman could possibly compile on their own. 

There was an occasional twist of fate, but for the most part all predictions were right on. Three months later my master is a millionaire and has quit his company to open his own. 

Master took the occasional client, but really with the accuracy of the reports it wasn't needed, he made a ton just by risking a small percentage of his capital. 

We still lived in the two bedroom Apt., my master was not big on accumulating toys. The car was nicer, and a bigger TV, the rest went into investing. 

We did do some travelling, and to balance the scale of karma master insisted we put time and money into charities, especially for children. I learned this about him when he revealed to me he is an orphan, his parents were killed when he was just 9. He does have family however, an older sister.

That recaps the last six months or so, now I would like to share one of the best weekends of my existence with you......

"Mmmm," I breathed as I woke up slowly, my body tingling all over as I felt masters tongue between my legs. Licking between the folds of my pussy to lap up my juice, occasionally pulling out and licking from my puckered hole, all the way up to circle then flick my clit before diving back between my folds. 

I stutter out, "Aren. Aren't wake up caooooo. Calls my job?"

Master stopped licking long enough to reply, "Not this morning love. " He growled out softly, "Mine." 

Then he dove back in making me gasp out at the renewed contact.

His arms stretched out above him and started rolling my nipples between his thumb and index finger. He took his timing teasing me, trying to raise me as far as possible before throwing me off the edge, that's just the kind of master I serve.

As I come fully awake I reach down and run my fingers through his hair before grabbing on and arching my back, he teasingly keeps the light pressure constant by moving his head back as I thrust my pussy into his face, drawing me up higher. 

My whole body is on fire and I start to beg, "Master, please master, let me cum!" 

He tweaks both my nipples a little harder and starts circling my clit, lowering one of his hands down my body he lubes his fingers on my wet snatch.

He slowly buries his juice covered pinky into my puckered star. When my sphincter stops locking it in place he pushes his index and middle into my hungry pussy, fucking both holes with his hand as he circles my clit then taps it with his other hand. 

This pushes me over the edge and I fall off hard, crying out, "Master." 

My whole body overcharged, he stops tonguing my clit but continues to fuck me with his hand, bringing me through the first and right into a second powerful orgasm. Panting out, "Master" over and over he starts to softly kiss my folds, bringing me slowly down from my heights.

After some recovery time I can actually move, so I reach for him to reciprocate but he just shakes his head and takes my hand and leads me to the bathroom and starts running the shower. 

He smiles down at me with a twinkle in his eye, "Good morning, today is your day love, and it's all about you." 

I melt against him as he soaps me up, washing me from head to toe between soft kisses.

The breakfast he put together was amazing, all my favorite things, master was obviously out to spoil his genie today and I couldn't help but wonder why, however I just enjoyed it, not wanting to ruin his plans. 

The eggs melted on my tongue, the bacon was crispy but not burned. Fresh biscuits dripping with butter. I was also enjoying some fresh cut melon, I think I felt more spoiled than any genie before and I wasn't even done with breakfast yet.

Let me explain a moment. His actions did not surprise me, I knew that was the type of master he was. It is always just such a stark comparison to how he could have treated me, how most genie's are treated that I was continually amazed at how our relationship was.

Mike led me to the bedroom and pulled out a box from the closet and said, "Get dressed for the day." 

As he left the room I drop the robe I had been wearing from the shower and open the box pulling out a gorgeous blue dress and a pair of matching 2" heal shoes which clued me in that we would be doing some walking today. 

I was keyed up and smiling happily when I took a look in the mirror. The dress looked great, showed a tasteful amount of my cleavage and hugged my upper body, flaring out a little into a loose skirt ending a couple of inches above the knees. 

When I went out into the living room masters eyes got a little big and I smiled shyly, I love that I can still take his breath away. He walked over and kissed me, caressing my face and said, "I wish we were in Rome and knew Italian, so we can seduce each other in the local language." 

As I said, "Yes master" we appeared in a small alley, the protection magic working to hide our entrance. He took my hand and squeezed softly then led me out to the main street. It was a beautiful day so we walked over to the coliseum as it was close to where we popped in.

The coliseum was bigger than I imagined it would be, the tour didn't let us out on the ground but it was still good. 

Next we went to the Vatican museum, the Sistine chapel was amazing. We spent a lot of time there on tours and just looking at the artwork.

"Are you having fun love?"

"Oh yes master, thank you. I'm having a wonderful time," I gushed. 

When twilight started to fall he took me to a nice restaurant and we talked about our day, trying to decide what cathedral had been the most beautiful, and what it must have been like in ancient Rome with the coliseum. 

After dinner he surprised me by taking us to a five star hotel instead of heading home. Picking up the key and leading me to the elevator and up to the top floor, master was driving me crazy spoiling me today and still hadn't taken me yet, I was beyond ready. 

When we got up to the room I realized it was the penthouse, it opened up into a living room area, beautiful white leather couches with oak end tables, a beautiful design on the legs and edges. 

The artwork on the walls depicted all the places we had seen today, plus some more we didn't have time for. 

Master embraced me, kissed me and caressed the back of my neck and down my back and whispered, "One more surprise love." He took my hand and headed to the bed room.

There was a beautiful four poster bed and some gorgeous end tables, but what surprised me were the vases scattered around the room, all filled with a dozen red roses, the scent was overwhelming. 

There was also a bottle of champagne cooling on one of the end tables with two crystal flute glasses. He led me to the bed and sat me down on the edge then sunk down on one knee holding my hands in his own.

He then looked up into my eyes with deep feeling and proposed, "Sara, you are the perfect woman for me and I love you to distraction, I know you have almost no choice in who you are, but I have all the choice in how I see and treat you. I want you to be my partner and equal in all the ways that we can be, will you marry me?" 

I think I was in shock, but somehow I managed to whisper out yes as tears of joy flowed down my face. He pulled out a ring from his pocket and put it on my finger, it was a beautiful raised diamond setting with smaller diamonds surrounding it.

We drank a glass of champagne and lay down on the bed to light kissing and touching. My master proceeded to slowly undress me as I did him, our eyes locked together. 

We were both filled with strong emotion that led to gentle love making, long soft kisses that only stopped to gaze into each other's eyes as our bodies joined. 

His long cock slowly pushing between my wet folds and filling me completely. Then he began pulling out, just as slowly only to slowly bury in me once again. Each sensation was dragged out and savored, no rush to get there, just living in the moment.

It was an extremely slow build up, my breath coming a little quicker, my folds leaking a little more moisture, my clit slowly becoming more sensitive with each thrust. 

I wanted him to go faster, and I know he did as well. The rutting animal inside of us all wanted this, but we resisted. This lovemaking wasn't about the animal and the love was in our eyes, neither of us willing to let it go or look away from the other.

I gasped sharply as the intense orgasm that followed had my body shaking and convulsing, but master did not speed up, just kept the same pace and kissed me tenderly as I came down from it, stopping the kiss only to renew our gaze. 

Pleasure slowly started building again and I actually had aftershocks during the buildup, my body shaking and tears leaking from my eyes, as my body convulsed a second time, my pussy gripped Mike's manhood tightly. 

Master groaned out in pleasure as I gasped out, "Mike." My entire body was shaking, and I started to orgasm one after the other, my pussy convulsing on his cock trying to milk his seed out. Despite my master still going slow, gazing into my eyes my convulsing pussy won out and he exploded into me. 

He pushed in hard burying it deep to continue to spurt inside me as I once again convulsed under him my last orgasm completely stealing my breath. 

We kissed as he let himself shrink inside me, pulling out. I rested in his arms after, and we enjoyed a second glass of champagne before spooning up to sleep.