 "So it is settled," Raven and Sky said in almost unison as they got to their feet.

"What is settled?" I asked blindly. It seems that ever since these two eleven goddesses came into my life, I have less control over my own life. Not to mention even less understanding of the world around me.

Now I have never been with a woman before; had a few girl friends, but nothing more than heavy petting ever happened. The here and now has me dancing to the tune of these petite beauties. How did my Dad seem to have control over the house hold? Hmm, maybe Mom just let him think that he had some sort of control. Well I will have to ask him tonight.

"What are you doing still on the floor? We have to get going," Raven stated, while grabbing my hand to help me up off the floor. Her strength surprised me, with the ease at which she pulled me up. This left an other question in my mind; Our little fight, was she holding back?

"Wait, I never agreed to taking you guys out!" I said trying to be forceful.

"Oh, don't be silly," Sky said calmly before pulling my head down for a quick kiss, "We promise to be good,"

"We will be good," Raven added. But I still had a funny feeling that their definition of "Being Good" was different from mine.

"Okay, one quick trip to the mall. But when I say it is time to leave, we leave Agree," I stated trying to gain some sort of control. They both nodded, which did not settle me that much.

"That sounds fair, but what is a mall?" Sky asked while I was getting ushered into my bedroom by the both of them. Well, I am saying ushered, but more to the point I was pulled into my bedroom by the two of them. I was seated on the bed; before the two of them tore into my dresser and closet. My meager clothing and belongings began to pile up on the floor in front of the bed. The pile grew as more and more clothes were rejected with out my say in what I wanted to wear.

"Enough," I yelled!

Both Sky and Raven both stopped and turned to look at me, with a suprised look on their face. "I can dress myself," I stated coldly.

"Well if you call those rags clothes," Sky calmly replied as she walked up to me. We were now looking eye to eye, and she spoke, "You are not wearing those things! You will have to buy new clothes. People will not believe that we are with you, if you do not try to dress the part."

That last part made sense to me, cause I had a problem with it too. "okay," I tried to sound calmer, "what do you two think I should wear?" Her comment rang true in my head. How would any one believe that two stunningly gorgeous beauties would be hanging off my arms. Only a few answers came to me; being rich, or well endowed, or a celeb of some sort. None of which I am.

"Well now that you asked," Raven stated as she pulled out my only pair of dress pants. "These, are a start, but we need to find a shirt." They agreed on the pants, but there was a mini war going on what shirt should go with the pants. Sky wanted the white dress shirt, while Raven wanted the black and white bowling shirt. Which is the one I wanted also. If Charlee Sheen can wear them and have all of those ladies; then it should work for me. 

I just flopped back onto the bed, trying to figure out how my life had come to this. Here I have to beauties critiquing my wardrobe and before all I hoped was to get One woman back to my place. But now I have two sexy bombshells arguing over which piece of rag would they like me to wear.

"This will have to do," Sky stated as she held up the bowling shirt that Raven wanted me to wear. There must of been some sort of compromise that I was not aware of, and that partly worried me.

"Ladies, please we need to talk," I calmly stated coming to a small realisation. "I may not be able to afford all of the things that you two are going to want to buy. In fact I am sure that I could not even buy this same shirt," I did have some money, but that was for food and rent and school.

"Oh you," Sky commented as the both of them moved over to the bed, "I have lots of money, and I do mean Lots of money!" I looked up to see Raven nodding agreement.

"How do you have money?" I asked, "No wait, How do you have our money?"

"Oh, you are being silly," Sky replied while starting to rub my leg, "You have our money, now get dressed, while we clean up." And with that the two of them left me alone in my room.

Part of me wanted to rebel and put on what I wanted to, but then part of me said, put on the clothes they picked out. They are females, maybe not human females, but their taste in fashion has to be better than mine.

I dressed in the clothes that Raven and Sky had picked out. Well the only thing I added was socks and underwear. I could not go commando to my parent's place for dinner.

When I emerged from the bedroom, one of the first things I noticed was that the mess and disorder of my things was gone. The room looked "Clean!". Then I noticed them.

For not being able to find anything that they could wear their clothing choices were; lets just say "Dam!" Sky was dressed in a tight mid thigh black skirt with a plain white blouse ( with a few buttons undone ), and black sandal high heels. While Raven went with skin tight blue jeans, a red tank top under an open checkered button shirt, with brown mid calf high heeled boots. And they said they could not find anything to wear. And here I am in black dress pants, bowling style shoes, and a Charlee Sheen inspired shirt. I am so out of my league with these two.

I went in to the bathroom and looked into the mirror, and did not see myself looking back. It was me, but it was not the me from yesterday. I had been changed, but all so slightly. I looked like me, but some of that body fat in my face has gone. My arm muscle tone is better. I lifted up my shirt and I had the starts of a six pack. I have never had a six pack!

"Girls!" I yelled.

Both of them rushed in. "What is wrong?" Raven asked.

"Are you all right? Are you hurt?" Sky added to the questioning.

"What did you do to me?" I asked as calmly as I could for being freaked out.

"She just healed a few things in you," Raven replied while rubbing my chest, "besides you did not mind that she made you bigger," as her hand roamed down across my crotch.

"Bigger," I stammered. I knew I was bigger than average before, but now I am bigger. I looked over to see Sky blush a little.

"It is her little stab at me, for us Woodland Elves Know we can take more pain then those Highland Elves," Raven calmly stated while still rubbing my hardening penis. "So when you take my ass later, she wants to make sure that it hurts me more"

Take her ass later? What is she talking about? Then more of the events of last night came back to me. I had forcefully taken Sky in the butt, I slightly turn my head to see Sky lightly blush. So she was remembering it too, her nipples were hardening and starting to tent that blouse more.

Raven's hand has gotten me hard and it was starting to get uncomfortable in these pants. What is happening to me? And why am I always trying to figure that one question out. I teasing hand on my bulging cock had me wanting a release, so those other thoughts went away and a new one came to the surface.

I stepped back, unbuttoned my pants and pushed them plus my underwear to the floor. I sat down on the edge of the tub, while they both turned to watch. "Now ladies, you two have me all worked up again," I confidently stated, "So both of you are going to take care of it. I want you both to share this," while holding my man stick.

They smiled and dropped to the floor. Raven was on my left and Sky on the right. Then it started. Almost in sync their tongues travel up and down either side of my ridge cock. The sight was way better than any porno. First Raven took me into her mouth for one bob, then Sky did the same. Back and forth they went like that.

In my very limited sexual history, this right now will go down in history in my head for being truely epic. All I could do was just moan and watch them. I reached back for the other sie of the tub for support as my climax was building.

"I am going to cum," I horsely stated. Both of them moved their mouths to the tip of my penis, while Raven's hand pumped my shaft. That was it; there was no holding back even attempted. My seed pulsed out, and the feel of the two tongues licking the tip seemed to just keep me cumming and cumming.

I am sure that my cumming only lasted for mear seconds, but it seemed like minutes to me. After I had stoped both did one last head bob; before letting go of me.

There we sat for a little while, It was another stellar sight that I just need to hold onto. My two sex goddess on their knees, licking the few drops of my cum from around their lips.

"Wow, ladies that was just," I stammered, and paused looking for the right words to convey what I was feeling right there and then. They both smiled and I could see that they both were very happy with what they had done for me.

"We need to get going to this mall you were talking about," Sky stated while standing up, followed by Raven.

"Why do you need to buy clothes?" I asked in my post blissful state. "I mean, you two were able to make these stunning articles of clothing?" As I leaned forward and rubbed a hand up and down a thigh on each of them.

Raven leaned down and kissed me, "We don't have time for that," she stated as she brushed my hand away.

"It takes a lot of energy to hold these images," Sky stated, as I watched their clothing seem to fade and return. "So you see they are not all that real,"

"So come on," Raven said as she again easily pulled me to my feet.

"Okay, Okay" I said as I pulled my pants back up.

With that the three of us made our way out of my apartment. As we waited for the elevator, the older lady from next door exited her apartment and joined us in the hall. There was an awkward silence that settled on us.

The elevator arrived, and we entered. I held the door open with my arm, while waving the others inside the car. So there we all stood again in that weird silence; until my neighbor spoke, "So you Do know how to be Quiet!" she stated with sarcastic overtones. And with that the elevator just arrives at the lobby floor with the doors openning. She quickly steps out. As the doors close I smile and turn to my ladies; they too are smiling and blushing a bit.

Down in the parking garage, as we walk toward my civic Sky asks, "Why do you drive that? Why not something else?"

"Well, it was the only thing I could afford. And it is safe and reliable, good on gas," I commented.

"It will not do," She stated calmly again.

"I don't have the money for anything else right now, not with school and rent and food," I replied.

Both of them turn in front of me. Now stand with hands on their hips and that look of I should know something. I was drawing a blank. Well their beauty is distracting enough. "She has money," Raven stated with a head nod toward Sky.

That had slipped my mind; the fact that Sky had lots of money. Not sure what they consider lots, but it had to be more than what I have. "Alright, we can work on getting a different car, any thing else that I need to improve on?" I asked.

"A better place to live, a bigger bed, are a few things to start with," Raven stated.

"Just get in the car, Please, and can we work on one thing at a time," I politely responded. The two of them moved to the side so I could open the door for them to get in. I walked around to the other side and got into the drivers seat. There must of been a look of confusion on my face for when I looked into the rear view mirror.

"What is wrong?" Raven asked.

"What is wrong?" I thought to myself. "both of you are turning my whole life upside down, and I am just trying to keep up with these changes. I have never had a long term girlfriend before, and now I have two Venuses pulling at my strings." I openly said.

They looked at each other then back to my reflection in the mirror, "So you think we are beautiful?" Sky asked playfully. I just shook my head, and started the car. With in minutes we were out of the garage and on our way to the mall.

Raven and Sky were keep looking and pointing at almost everything. Watching them try to absorb my world was an eye opener. "How strange this must be for them", I wondered. We pulled into the Mall parking lot and found a spot near the front entrance. I looked back at them and said, "Now you two promised to be good in there"

"Yes, we remember," Raven replied with an eye roll. I knew already that this is not going to be your normal trip to the mall.

So here we were ready to go into this big public space. Why am I so nervous? As I look at them in the review mirror. They look like normal teen age girls. Man I am so over my head. What stores do we need to goto? What do they need to buy? More and more questions were flooding my thoughts. Then one thought surfaced and left me looking for a solution. How does one explain that these two need everything? Just as that floated to the surface, an answer followed it. "Lost luggage"

"What did you say?" Sky asked. I was not sure I had said anything.

"Lost luggage," I turned to look at them face to face, "the reason that you need to buy what you need to buy all at once, cause your luggage has been lost by the airline,"

"I don't know what you are talking about," Raven stated trying to find meaning in my words.

"Think about it," I said trying to explain my reasoning, "Both of you need everything, from shoes to underwear to dresses and handbags. No body needs everything, unless it has been lost to them someway. One of the simplest ways for everything to be lost is cause the airlines have lost your luggage. That brings up an other question, more personal, but do both of you know your human clothing sizes?"

There was that deer in the head lights look, but I was ready for it. "it is okay, We will tell the store clerk that you are from Canada, and that their clothing sizes are different cause of the metric system, yeah that should work,?" I said with not really thinking it through that much.

Now where to go shopping for clothes that would have everything that they need, while not jumping from store to store. I looked up and noticed that this mall has a Sears in it. Not a high end store, but they do have a personal shopping assistant program also. Things are looking up for us today.

Now with a plan in mind, I escorted these to beauties to the customer service area of Sears. Like normal, the staff was more than willing to help. That is one thing I like about the people in this city, they are there to help you if you are in need.

Also to my benefit, Sky and Raven knew what they liked to wear; so that made the shopping assistant's job easier, bringing them clothes that they would wear. I tried to get them to only buy a few outfits, but they would not have any of it. Now Sky seemed more comfortable in dresses and skirts, while Raven in jeans and shorts and more functional tops.

Now that Sky and Raven had real world clothes on I could see that Sky was more in the here and now, and not always having to concentrate on something. They seemed happy with the few outfits that they had picked out.

They were laughing a giggling a little to much. Like they had some sort of inside joke that I had no clue of what it is. "What are you two giggling about?" I asked while caring more bags than I think any male has ever had to carry to the car.

"We got you something," Sky replied with a devilish smile.

"Oh, is it something I am going to like?" I asked trying to get a hint on what it could be as we arrived at the car. I put the bags down and hunted for the keys.

That is when a nondescript mini van pulled up behind us, and three thugs hopped out. Just leaving the driver in the mini van.

"Yo, give us all your money," One of them said while brandishing a Bowie knife. The other two just cheered on and did the old fist to the palm thing.

"We don't have any money," I stated trying to seem tough, but scared not for just my own life.

"What do you mean you have No Money? Just look at all of those bags and such" An other stated.

"Yeah, but look at my car," I replied with sarcastically. That did not go that well cause they started to move in closer. I started to think that I am going to have to step up and protect Sky and Raven. So I moved to stand in between the guy with the knife and the girls.

"oh Look we have a Tough Guy," the one with a knife said as he took a swing with the knife. I was able to block that, but his other fist hit me square in the ribs. Knocking the wind right out of me. I fell to my knees. I looked back at Sky and Raven, but did not see fear in their eyes. It was a fire of anger.

The rest was like a scene out of an action film. Sky leaped at the guy with the knife like Maggie Q's character from Nikita. Before he know it he was on the ground, and Sky had his knife at his throat. Raven took out one of the others with a superman punch, then followed that with a spinning back hand. Knocking both of them out.

That just left the driver, who spend off. Not very far, cause he was clipped by a transport truck as the minivan driver tried to run a red light. All of this commotion was not lost on others in the parking lot.

People started to crowd around, a long with a few mall cops.

"Are you okay?" was a common question.

"Dude, that was amazing how you took thooose foools Out!" one of the crowd said as he set me up for a high five.

All that chatter was how I single handedly knocked out three guys. I was in a daise, cause I did not do a thing. Raven and Sky were helping the story grow to make me look more the hero than what I was.

Time seemed to stand still or at least crawl as the crowd grew and the thugs were handcuffed by the mall cops. It also turned out that there was an off duty detective that happened to see everything.

"Are you okay?" He asked, "That woosie felling is most likely just the adrenaline fading, You will be back to your normal self soon." He took my information, and cause he had seen it all happen I would not need to go down to the station to fill a report. Which was good, cause I just wanted to get out of there. And second I had know idea what these people think they saw.

After a few more high fives and pats on the back, the three of us got into my car and drove away. I did not make it to far. I pulled into a Dunkin Donuts a few blocks away.

"What happened back there?" I asked.

"You protected us from those men," Sky replied.

"I am glad that you took it so easy on me in the woods," Raven added and Sky nodded agreement. Some how I knew that I was never going to get the answer that I was looking for. But since I was not going to get the truth to settle my nerves, I might as well get a coffee.

"Do either one of you two want a coffee or something?" I offered.

"What is coffee?" Sky asked.

What is coffee? I had to think on that and came up with this, "It is a hot water based drink similar to tea, but instead of leaves, it is made with the seed of a plant."

"oh," Sky replied, "No, no coffee for me, but I will have a Latte with milk and one sugar."

"That sounds good," Raven added.

I just turned around to look at them. No words came out, but I just shook my head side to side in disbelief before getting out of the car. I head toward the front door of the coffee shop only making it a few steps before hearing a car door open and close behind me. Raven moved quickly to join me. She hooked her arm in mine as we walked across the parking lot.

Feeling her warm body next to mine helped to settle me down a bit more. We get the coffee orders and settle back into the car. This time Raven is sitting in the passenger seat instead of the backseat with Sky.

"What made you want to sit up front?" I asked as I started the car.
