 After closing the apartment door, I quickly headed back to the bedroom. There my two Elven Goddesses were waiting for my return. I had to pause in the door way to take in the image of these lovely creatures lounging on my bed. Raven had let the braid out of her name sake colored hair. The contrast of the black hair on her slightly tanned skin would of been enough for any warm blooded male. But then right beside her was Sky, with her white blonde hair and pale skin.

So there they lay with their heads near each other with my T-shirts as miny dresses on each. Their well toned sexy legs. The rolling hills of their breasts. What has happened to me? I have only had a few girl friends, but none as sexy as these two there in my bed waiting, and wanting for me to return. Where to look? Where to start? How does a man handle two hotties like these?

"Jacob, are you not going to join us?" Raven asked with a little bit of a sultry tone.

"You two are going to the death of me," I replied with a little devilish smile on my face.

"What is wrong? Are you hurt?" Sky quickly said, while she sprang from the bed and blocked my path. Before I could let them know that I was okay, and it was just a phrase of speech that we use. Both Sky and Raven were running their hands over my body. Which was more ticklish than erotic, and had me squirming a little.

"Keep still, she can't devine if your moving around like that," Raven stated boldly with a motherly authority.

"Enough," I said, as I picked Sky up of the ground. After picking Raven up earlier, I was still suprised how little both weighted. "I am not injured"

"But you said you were going to die," Sky replied while I held her off the ground.

"That was just a saying we use," I said as I let her back down on her feet.

"Oh, but you should not scare us so," Raven remarked as she gave me a sharp punch to my rib cage.

"Ouch," I groaned. The punch was not all that forceful, but it still had a good sting.

Both of them turned and headed back to the bed. I watched for a few more seconds, just enjoying the view as they started to crawl up the bed. I happened to notice that some of my cum was leaking out of Raven's pussy. First thought quickly through my mind was that I was going to have to wash all of the bedding tomorrow. The second though was a lot more devilish.

I reached out and grabbed Sky by her ankle and pulled her back to me. She looked back but did not fight me as I pulled her back to me. Raven laid on her side and just looked back to see what we were up to. I leaned down and whispered into Sky's ear, "If you want some more of my seed, then just go and lick it up," with that I pointed to Raven's crotch area. Sky looked toward where I was pointing, then back to me with a devilish smile of her own.

"What are you two conspiring?" Raven asked, as Sky returned to the bed and started to crawl up toward Raven. "Hey what is going on?" Raven asked again as Sky slightly forced her friend on to her back before parting and moving between Raven's legs.

"What do we have here?" Sky asked in a playful manor, before starting to lick and lap up the leakage.

"Ohhh, Sky don't," Raven moan lightly.

"There is more inside," I again said while leaning over Sky. Sky moved her mouth over Raven's pussy and started to suck.

"Oh No, It's Mine, Oh Gawd!!" Raven moaned as Sky started her tongue assault on Raven's cunt. 

"You will need to learn to share Raven," I calmly stated as I started to rub Sky's upturned ass. Pushing the T-shirt up and out of the way.

"No ... Oh Gawd, she was always good at that," Raven moaned out again, "You gave it... to Me! Ohhhhh"

I let my hand explore over Sky's ass and between her cheeks. When my fingers grassed Sky's very moist pussy she let out a little moan.

I slipped a finger inside her slick love tunnel. "OHHHhhhhhh" Sky moan muffled by Raven's snatch.

"Does my High Elf Slut want her masters cock inside her?" I asked Sky with a slight authoritative tone.

"yes," was the muffled response.

"What was that?" I asked again.

"Yes, Master, put that large Cock of yours inside this wanton High Elf," Sky clearly stated after lifting her mouth off of Raven's cunt.

"There she said it, now lets put that mouth back to work," Raven said as she pushed Sky's head back down on her crotch.

I lined up my throbbing hard on with Sky's waiting pussy. Pushed the tip in, and again I was suprised at both the wetness, and the tightness. I musted of waited like a second to long for Sky, cause she pushed with all her might back impaling herself on my manhood.

"Oh Gawd he is Big!" Sky moaned out. "I have forgotten how good a human cock feels," With that she started to fuck herself.

I was enjoying the sight and the pleasure of having my cock inside an other tight cunt, but something in the back of my mind had me pulling out of Sky.

With that she lifted her head up and turned to look at me, "Put it back in please," she begged.

A new thought entered my head. One the devil side of my brain agreed with. "Pull your cheeks apart and hold them," I told Sky, "And don't move"

A questioning look came across her face, but she did quickly comply with my request. I grabbed my raging hard on and this time, instead of lining up for her cunt. I aimed a little higher. As I started to push in.

"OH NO STOP, NOT THERE," Sky Screamed, as my cock forced its way into her even tighter asshole.

"Gag her," I said looking straight at Raven, who had a very shocked expression on her face.

Raven just forced her friends face down into her crotch. As I started to push more of my manhood into her tight ass. It was too tight, and was hurting me too at first. But as I eased more and more of my cock into to her ass, she seemed to relax a bit more. Not wanting to hurt her, I paused to let Sky get use to me. Then I started to slowly pump in and out of her ass.

"Please, go easy, Please," Shy moaned as my thrusting started to get a little more forceful.

A few more deep thrusts and Sky was thrusting back, forcing more of me deeper into her ass. I picked up the power of my thrusts. I grabbed hold of Sky's hips and just started to power myself into her.

"Oh GAWD, Your splitting me in half," Sky moaned as Raven let up on the pressure she had on Sky's head.

"But you are loving it are you Slut?" I asked half out of breath.

"Yes, Oh Gawd Yes," Sky moaned.

"I am going to cum in your Ass," I grunted. With one last thrust I held Sky with my cock buried deep in her bowel, as my cock started to pulse and squirt my human seed deep inside her.

"Ohhhhhh Gawddddddd ," Sky moaned out.

I was so drained that I just slumped down on to the bed, slipping out of Sky. I was so exhausted. I was not use to that amount of cardio activity.

"You broke him," Raven stated as she moved down the bed to my side.

"He is okay, He just needs to rest," Sky replied while gliding her hand over my cheek.

"Well heal him so he can do that to me..." was the last thing I thought I heard as I feel a sleep.

Not sure if it all was just a dream or something. Cause in the morning I woke up a lone in the middle of my bed. No clothes on, but also no sight of the two of them. Well if it was all a dream, it was a good dream. I reluctantly rolled out of bed and headed to the washroom.

There was a gasp from behind me, as I rushed into the bathroom. I peeked back out into the common room to see Raven and Sky, both wearing Daisy Duke cut off jean shorts, and tight white t-shirts; Which made me think, "holy crap they are dangerously sexy". The next thought was, "where did they get those clothes?"

"Ahem," Now that sounded familiar, I did an other quick scan and there was my mother.

"What are you doing here?" I asked half a sleep. How did I not see her before.

"I was going to ask you the same?" my mother replied.

"How did you get in?" I asked again as I went back into the bathroom. I frantically searched for something to wear. Wait, my hiking shorts from yesterday. I quickly pulled them on before exiting the bathroom.

"Like I was saying," my mother started to talk.

"I can explain," I stated quickly.

"Now Listen Mister, You know it is not nice to interrupt someone when they are talking," my mother said with that motherly tone. (You know which tone I mean) "It is okay to have some fun now and then, but just be safe. Believe it or not Your father and I were once your age and in college," with that I could see a long lost memory flood back to her as she blushed a little.

I tried to block out that little tid bit of my parents, "What are you doing here Mom?" I asked trying to get off that topic.

"Well, I came by to see if my little boy was okay, and to see if he wanted to go out with his old mother for a late lunch?"

"Late lunch? What time is it?" I asked.

"Hmm, half past one," Raven replied.

"Well it seems you have company, and have not felt to introduce your friends to your mother, so I will get going before I embarrass you any more," My mom stated with that guilt touch that mom's have.

Shaking my head out of the fog that I was in. She was right I did not introduce them. "I am sorry, this lovely lady is," I started.

"It is okay Son. They are Sky and Raven, and they are freshmen at your college, and you meet them while hiking yesterday, and it seems that you were a complete gentleman, well until you came out of your bedroom the same way you came into this world," My Mom calmly stated, "Sorry girls, but the evidence does not wholly support your story."

Once again I was out of the loop, and had to find a way back in. "Maybe today is not a good day Mom, but how about tomorrow?" I asked.

"No tomorrow is no good, I am helping out at the blood drive, but you could come for supper," She replied with a little smile on her face, "Oh your father would be happy to see you too,"

"Okay Mom, I will be there," I relented, parent guilt.

"Ahem," Sky cleared her throat.

"Oh, is okay if my new friends join us?" I asked.

"Sure, more the merrier, I will let your father know that we are having guests," Mom said as she started to leave, "Dinner will be around 6, but it would be nice if you were home for 5 so we can have a small visit before supper."

"Okay see you then," I said as I lead my mom to the door.

"Love you," she said.

"Love you too," I replied as I kissed her on the cheek.

"remember 5" was the last thing she said as she closed the apartment door behind her.

I turned to face Sky and Raven. "What happened here?" I asked.

"Well it appears that we have been invited to supper tomorrow night with your parents," Sky replied calmly, " But what are we going to wear?" And with that the two of them started to tear through the few news papers and magazines I had.

"No, no, no, Is it a formal event? Maybe we need gowns? There is nothing here," Raven cried out.

"There has to be something," Sky stated as she and Raven continued to destroy every modern publication I had in the apartment.

"STOP," I said with a stomp for effect.

"What?" they both said turning to face me.

"How did my Mom get inside the apartment?" I tried to ask calmly, but there was a little bit of frustration in my voice.

"She let herself in," Raven said.

"We barely had time conger coverings," Sky added.

"You can summon clothes?" I asked partly shocked.

"Yes, How do you think that we have been able to hide so well from humans," Raven calmly stated like I should of known.

I had to sit down. "Is there anything else I should know about you two?" I blankly asked.

"Well, lets see, hmm. My magic is more to do with health and lifestyle, while Raven's is mainly nature bound," Sky stated openly as she knelt down beside me.

"Magic, you mean like fireballs and lightning bolts?" I asked, as Sky started to rub my lower thigh.

"No silly, but yes, well it is complicated, well not so complicated, but," Raven paused trying to find the words make me comprehend what she is trying to say.

"Well I can heal most wounds, but death is beyond any healer," Sky added, as she started to rub my leg further up.

"How did you get the clothes?" I asked as Sky's hand started to roam in my shorts.

"There was a lady on the picture box that dressed like this," Raven commented.

"The Dukes of Hazard?" I asked, to a pair of blank looks. I did start to notice that Sky was now stroking my cock inside my shorts. "Stop that," I said as I jumped up and headed over toward the kitchenet.

"Whats wrong?" Sky asked

"I am not just a drug supply system for you!" I said loudly. "If you need to play, then it is by my rules, not yours! Is that clear!"

"See I told you, you could not control him like the others," Raven commented.

"You might be right," Sky replied, "but I am in such need"

"You need to answer me first, how did you get clothes?" I asked bluntly.

"We copied them from the moving picture box," Raven said while pointing to the TV.

"But we need new ones for tomorrow night, and the images you have here will not work," Sky added with a little smugness.

"So you see clothing and you can make it for yourself?" I asked hoping for a straight answer.

"Yes, the simple answer is yes" Raven replied.

"Simple clothing is easy, more complex is more draining," Sky added.

"Draining how?" I asked blindly.

"We need more of your seed to energise the magic," Sky said while looking sternly at Raven. I quickly shifted my observation between the two of them. I guessed Sky was trying to pull something over on me, just cause of the questioning look on Raven's face.

"That's not true," I bluntly stated.

"No, that is not truely true, She had to use a lot of energy to heal your under lying heath problems. So in away your seed would help her recover that lost energy," Raven stated as if telling a secret that was not to be shared with me.

"Then why are you not trying to get at my dick like Sky?" I asked.

"The need is there, but most likely not as strong as Sky's," Raven replied.

"Please, I NEED," Sky groaned out.

The sound of her voice had me melting, "Okay, but you had better do better than last time, cause it was not enjoyable for me." I commented as Sky crawled over to me. I unzipped my shorts just before Sky seemed to inhale my cock.

This round was much more enjoyable for me as she took her time to savour my cock. The combination of deep throating and gentle tongue on the underside of my shaft had me orgasming way sooner than I hoped. But to my surprise Sky swallowed it all.

After I recovered from that fantastic blow job, my mind started to filter in new things that had been said. "What do you mean underlying injuries? Did I have cancer? Was my cholesterol to high? Tell me what was wrong with me?" I was in a bit of a panic.

"I don't know the meaning of those words," Sky replied, "But I did strengthen your heart and lungs. A long with a little mussel toning"

"Oh Good, so there was nothing serous," I said with a shy before slumping to the floor. After that slight panic attack.

"Now back to what is important, We Need To Find Clothing! for the supper tomorrow night?" Raven said as she moved of the couch and cupped my face in her hands.

"We need new images, or better yet real world clothing!" Sky added.