 "It will be okay Mom, I will just be living closer to the college, It will make studying much easier," I said trying to reassure my mom, and maybe myself too. I had never lived on my own. But with the help of my Dad, we were able to talk her into letting me get a little place closer to the school, but also in a safe neighbor hood.

"Mary, it will be good for the boy, He will learn to stand on his own two feet," my Dad replied.

"I know, but" my mom started to tear up a bit.

"I will miss you too," I answered the unasked question, before giving my mom a kiss on the cheek. I then shook my dad's hand before climbing into the driver's seat of my rusty old Honda Civic. As I pulled away a few tears started to fall, as I was going to miss then too. But I was going to be starting out on my own.

With my Dad's help we had already moved most of my things in to that little one bedroom apartment. It is small, but then how much space does one History major need. Besides the apartment building was a lot closer to campus.

It is still a week before the start of classes, but I thought that I should get use to the apartment. Get use to depending on myself. After the first night I was getting a little stir crazy. I wanted to go home and see what my Mom was doing, but I quickly pushed that though aside in place of a little hike in the nearby woods. Maybe have a look to see what birds and animals are out there in them hills.

My Dad tried his hardest to get me into hunting, but I was much more interested in just taking pictures. So on my 16th birthday he bought me a high end SLR camera with a few different lenses. Those failed hunting trips were not a complete waist on me. I learn to be quiet while walking in the woods, to survive with a few basic tools for a short while. He also taught me that if you want to see the wild life before they notice you, don't smell like a human. With that also he made sure I always carried Bear spray. My Dad always would tell, "better to be safe than sorry" and is that not the truth.

So grab my hiking gear, along with my camera and headed out of town. I went looking for an area that I had not hiked in before. I must of drove for a good hour out of town. I set my GPS homing location, so I would be able to get back to my car; before heading off into the forest.

Like normal the first few hundred yards the brush was thick and a little difficult to walk through, but once I was past that the under brush thinned out making walking much easier. It was not long before I came across some Deer scat. I was in luck. I mushed a bunch of it in to a rag before hanging the rag off my belt. I was ready to go and see what was out there.

I had been walking around for about a hour and a half. There was lots of animal life here. I had been able to get a few pics of many of the song birds, plus a rabbit, and Red Tailed Fox. Then I heard something. It was like splashing. I first thought was of a water fall. It must not be a big one, cause the only stream I had come across was easy enough to jump over.

I headed toward the sound of the water thinking on the way that there might be a small pool below and if nothing else, it would be a good spot to soak my feet. But as I was getting closer, I started to hear laughter. Well there goes the chance of seeing any animals by the water. But wait that laughter had feminen tones to it.

Well being nearly 20, and still a virgin, and I though I would just go and get a glimps of what is going on. It is most likely just a family out having a nice hike in the woods just like me I thought to myself.

As I got closer there was a nice thicket of underbrush that I could hide in. It felt a little weird, some kind of perv about to spy on some innocent family. That thought just slowed me down a little, curiosity of what was going on held me on my course of action. I was finally close enough to see, and I could not believe what I was watching.

In the background there was a small water fall, with a fair size pool at the bottom of it. But what was in the pool held my attention. She was beautiful, long blonde hair, almost white in colour that fell down to her waist. She did not seem that tall, maybe 5' at the most. If I had to guess, she was naked and laughing as she played with something in the water.

I was mesmerized by her beauty, that it took a few minutes before I remembered that I had my camera. I focused in on her. That was when something jumped on my back. I was caught completely off guard.

I have had a few fights with the bullies growing up. Not all ending up in my favour, but just enough that they stopped picking on me. I am not a small man. I am 6'2" around 240 lbs. Okay, I am not in the best of shape, I could loose a few pounds. So here I was rolling around on the forest floor with something or someone on my back. We must of hit a rock or something cause it turned it to a she as she screamed out in pain, before releasing her grip on me.

I rolled away. Turned to face my attacker. I was stunned again. She was also a heavenly vision, but with midnight black hair tied back into a long pony tail. I just laid there and watched as she regained her composer and lunged at me driving a small blade into my shoulder. The pain snapped me out of my stupor. I quickly pushed her away, but the look in her eyes told me that she was not done fighting with me. In desperation as She lunged again with that blade of hers, I wildly sprayed the bear repellant at her face.

She stumbled and dropped her blade while she grasped her face. She was screaming in pain. I felt sorry for her, but also thankful that the spray had stopped her. I quickly picked up the blade. It was about 4" long and thin, but very sharp. I sat there trying to figure out my next move.

"Raven whats wrong?"

I turned my head and the petite blond from the pool was now a few feet away, and yes she had a flawless naked body. Not sure what was going to happen I turned the spray toward her. Sure she is beautiful, but the other one stabbed me in the shoulder. Which now was starting to hurt.

"It is okay, I surrender, I am not armed," the blonde said as she raised her hands up, "We both surrender, don't we Raven,"

"My eyes they feel like they are on fire, they sting so Bad," Raven cried out.

"Please let me help her?" the blonde asked me.

"First you must promise not to attack me any more," I stated out trying to figure this whole situation out.

"We promise, right Raven, We promise as your prisoners not to attack or harm you in any way, and do as you say for as long as you hold us," the blonde calmly replied, "Raven say it"

"I promise too," Raven replied while fighting the pain.

"Okay, help her," I stated trying to figure out the whole pledge that they just made to me, "You should take her to the water and wash her face in the water," As I was saying that the blonde moved beside Raven and placed her hands on top of Raven's which were rubbing her eyes. The blonde mumbled something and then Raven stopped crying.

"Thank you, that is a lot better," Raven softly spoke to the blonde.

"What did you just do?" I asked

"I just healed her, I can do the same for you if you like?" she asked.

"Sure that would be good of you," I replied backed.

The blonde placed her small hands on the wound in my shoulder, mumbled and then there was pain, quickly followed by heat, then coolness. The pain was gone. The evidence that was a wounded there was the blood stain and cut in my shirt. The blonde went back and sat down next to Raven.

"How did you do that?" I asked.

"All High Elves have some healing abilities," The blonde replied.

High Elves, I must be dreaming; or I fell down and banged my head. That is it, this is all just in my head. I closed my eyes, and in vain I forced myself to wake up. But when I opened my eyes they were still there.

"Who and what are you?" I asked hoping for a normal answer, not.

"This is Raven of the Woodland Elves, First among the hunters, I am Sky, and was a member of the Highland Court," was the reply.

Not the answer I was hoping for. But now that they had mentioned it, the perfect skin, and slightly pointed ears. They could be telling the truth. Sky had just healed my shoulder. "What do you mean was a member?" I asked trying to by time and understanding.

"Well we are now your prisoners," Sky stated bluntly, "And as such your to do with as you wish,"

"Sky, he is human," Raven spoke and that last word had a hateful slur to it.

"He is just that, and he also bested you in the fight," Sky coldly replied back to Raven. "And in doing so he is the victor, and we his prisoners"

"What shall we call you?" Raven asked with distain in her voice.

"Uhm, you can call me Jacob," I replied still not to sure what has happened. The only thing so far is that I now have two beautiful female prisoners, that I can do anything I want with. "Sky, do you have any clothes?"

"Why, do you not like looking at my nakedness?" Sky asked with a little but of flirtation in her voice.

"Oh, No I do, it is just that your Beauty is to distracting, and I need time to think," I replied. I glanced at my watch just to break away from staring at the two of them. It was nearing 4pm. It will be getting dark in a few hours, I need to head back to my car while there was still some daylight. "it has been fun playing with you but I need to head back now," I stated as I got to my feet.

"He's a giant, and you fought him," Sky whispered to Raven as they started to get to their feet too.

"And lost, now we are His prisoners, get your clothes quickly," Raven coldly replied to Sky.

I started the long walk back to my car, I glanced over my shoulder and a few feet behind me both of them were. Now they both are about the same height, with Sky being a inch or so taller than Raven. Raven is dressed in brown leather pants and shirt with wooden toggles. Sky has on a silvery white dress with a deep neck line, and a thigh high side split. Both are wet dreams walking.

The walk back was long and mostly quiet. They talked quietly between themselves, but I did make out something that Raven said to Sky, "I told you that the deer smelled funny," I just laughed a little to myself before dropping the sent rag to the forest floor.

We made it back to my car as the Sun was starting to set. Raven asked, "What is that?"

"Oh, Yeah, I know it is old, but it is still very reliable, Has not broken down on me yet," I replied.

"Jacob, what is it?" Sky asked.

"Oh, OH. It is my car. A Honda Civic," My mind raced, what could I compare it to that they might understand, "Think of it as a horseless carriage,"

They just both just looked at me with a strange wonder in their eyes. "What have you gotten us into Sky?" Raven whispered.

"I don't know," Sky replied quietly.

I unlocked the car, and held the door open for the two of them to get in the back. I am glad that they are short, cause the Civic does not have that much leg room in the back. And with the turn of the key the three of us were headed back to my apartment.

The sights of one of our new modern cities was a lot for my two prisoners to take in all at once. They were like little kids in the back seat asking about every little thing they saw. But what got the most questions was the clothes of other females walking or running down the street. I tried my best to answer, but was getting tired of all of the questions. I was grateful when we pulled into the parking lot of my apartment building.

"Is this where you live Jacob?" Sky asked with a little amazement as she looked up at the 10 storey building.

"yes, I rent an apartment here," I replied.

"Oh," She replied. I cense a bit of disappointment. I guess that with her being a High Elf, she would be use to living in castles and such.

I was glad there was no one in the elevator lobby as we entered the building. They stayed quiet as the elevator took us to the 6th floor.

"See I told you that Humans know magic," Sky whispered to Raven.

"Here we are," I stated as I unlocked the door to my small one bedroom apartment. The two of them hurried inside, then stopped just as quickly. I watched them look around at the megger table and computer desk, along with the small kitchen. "Yes I know that it is small, but it is mine so get use to it" I said with a little coldness to it.

"Don't leave this place unless I am with you, If you truely are my Prisoners," I stated almost hoping to get them to end this little game of theirs. It was a game right. I have to petite goddesses in my apartment. Me a 240lbs geeky History major. "I am going to take a shower, look around if you like,"

Off to the washroom I went, and started the water running. In runs Raven. "What is it?" I almost yelled, as I was getting undressed.

"I heard a waterfall, and wanted to see it," Raven for the first time said a little meekly.

I calmed a little, "Oh, well it is not a waterfall you are use to, but we call it a shower," I pointed to the shower curtain and the light mist coming from behind it. "We use it to wash ourselves," I more calmly said as I pulled back the curtain a little so she could see the water flowing out of the shower head. "Now if you don't mind I want to wash up," then a little evil thought entered my mind, if they want to play this little game, "You can help if you want?"

Raven looked up at me, and for the first really time I noticed her blue eyes. "You want me to help wash you?" Raven shyly asked.

"Well, uhm, Yes" I stammered a reply.

With that she reluctantly helped me out of the rest of my clothes. I was more than a little embarrassed cause of my hardening manhood. I have never been with a woman, and with that never ever had a figment out of one of my dreams help me undress. Let a lone help me wash. Raven pushed me into the shower, before undressing herself. I guess I am not the only one to be a little ashamed of my body.

When she entered I already had the bar of soap in my hand. Raven reached to take the soap from me. Once again I marvelled at the beauty before me. 

"What is it? I know that I am not much to look at. I don't have the beauty of the Sky, but it still must not be polite to stare at my hideousness, Now give the soap so we can be done with this," Raven sternly stated as she took the soap from my hand.

I barely comprehended all that she said. Does she believe that she is ugly. "You are not ugly," I said softly, "You are so beautiful, if you don't believe my words trust your eyes and see what you are doing to my body,"

"You think I am beautiful?" Raven asked as she watched my penis become fully erect. "But, Sky is Prettier than me," Raven seem transfixed on my engorged member.

In for a pound or a penny I though, "But I asked you to wash me," and with that I guided one of ravens hands to my hard cock.

"Hmm, it is so big," Raven mumbled as she started to strook my cock. The feeling of her gentle hand and water on my cock was pure bliss. And this being the first time anyone other than myself had touched me like this, had me orgasming way to soon for my liking. Raven then surprised me again, when she licked off a pool of cum that landed on the back of her hand.

Terror and surprise seemed to flash through her eyes all at once as she looked up at me. "What have you done to me?" She yelled, as she ran out of the shower, out of the washroom.

I chased not sure what has happened. "What is wrong?" I asked dumbly.

"You knew!" Raven yelled at Sky.

"Yes," Sky replied calmly while kneeling on the floor in the middle of the common room.

"SO You WANTED This," Raven stated loudly while walking around the room dripping wet and naked. Part of me could not but excited but the site, and you know which part.

"Yes," was all the Sky softly said.

"You wanted to get CAUGHT!" Raven turned and faced her

"Yes,"

"WHY ME?" Raven cried out.

"What is going on?" I yelled, interrupting the back and forth between Sky and Raven.

"Her Highness wants to be your Sexual servant for the rest of your Natural Life!" Raven replied loudly.

"My what? My Sexual servant? I don't understand any of this" I replied more confuse now than ever.

"You going to tell him, or do you want me to do it?" Raven asked Sky coldly. And before Sky could answer, "Fine I will! Jacob, among the people there was always a Dark rumor of why the people hid themselves away. That Rumor is that the human SEED is a drug. A Drug so potent that once tasted we can not live with out It. But The Big Catch Is That each human male Seed is different than each other, so We crave the one we Taste. No Other will Do! How am I doing,"

"Correct so far," Sky said softly.

"What was that part about for the rest of my natural life?" I calmly asked while I looked for a place sit down.

"That is the catch. You see we will do everything in our power to keep you a live as long as we can. You will never be sick or suffer any pain from this day until the end of your days, but even the mighty High Elves can not extent life beyond the bodies limits. So you will die, but not for a long time" Raven stated and sank to her knees as if all the energy was drained from her.

I was glad that I was sitting down myself. Sky wanted this, but wait it was Raven that was in the shower with me. "So, Wait, I am trying to understand all of this. Cause you tasted my seed you Raven are addicted to me, and will do what ever is in your power to keep you supplied with it?"

"Yes, that is the simple version of it," Raven replied with a shy.

"But, Sky wanted this to happen to her?" I asked like a fool.

"Yes," Both of them answer at the same time. Raven turned to look at her friend.

"Have you done this before? Tell me, Why Me?" Raven asked looking at Sky with tears forming.

"Yes, about 1000 lunar cycles before, and I wanted you learn what you will be missing when you marry my brother," Sky replied while looking down at the floor in front of her. "I thought if we did it together that we would be able to help each other through the cleansing."

"I am to marry your brother," Raven asked with surprise in her voice, "The High Prince is to be my husband?"

"Yes, He will be when we return," Sky replied with a little more happiness in her voice.

"I am glad that you two have worked that out, but what is going to happen with me? Are you going to kill me? I am completely out of the loop on this?" I stammered. My head is spinning. Just this morning I was a normal 20 year old, but now I know that there elves and for sure that one of them is addicted to my cum.

"He is right Sky, If you are sure, you know what you have to do," Raven calmly spoke.

With that little speech from Raven, Sky stood in front of me and let her dress fall to the floor. "Please Master, grace me with your seed?" Sky shyly asked before kneeling before me again and taking my soften penis into her hands. Raven moved in beside her, and her hand joined Sky's as they worked at getting me hard again.

My head not totally clear, but this was much better than any porn movie on the web. That being said, even in them the guy gets his cock sucked. "Put it in your mouth," I stammered. Sky looked up at me, and we locked eyes as she opened her mouth to take my cock. I know that I am little bigger than normal in size ( Thank you Internet ) not that any human girls ever wanted to know. But to watch this petite goddess try to take only a few inches into her mouth, just sent my ego through the roof.

"Take it all," Raven stated before pushing the back of Sky's head down harder on my cock, forcing her to take more than she was ready for. I just sat there and watched Raven force Sky's head to bob up and down on my cock; force more and more into to her.

This being the first blowjob of my adult life the quality was not there, but the sight was driving me to orgasm. It was not long before I was getting ready to blow.
