 Meeting after meeting, day after day, God! this job was killing him. He needed a break, get away from the rat race for a while. 'Fat chance' he thought. 'When am I going to find time to look for a holiday, when I can't even find time to have lunch!?' He groaned as his stomach rumbled reminding him that it was 3.30 in the afternoon and he had not eaten since 7 that morning.

Waiting for the traffic to subside so he could cross to the shop, he glanced in the window behind him. There in the window, a small silver card caught his eye...

"Stressed? Need a Break?

Let Rayven Cottage be your haven.

For details see our website."

He quickly made a note of the web address and slipped the piece of paper into his pocket as he crossed the street and entered the shop.

Later that evening, even more stressed than he was before, he relaxed back into the large leather chair, closed his eyes and breathed deeply. An image flashed into his mind, it was of the small silver card in the shop window! He reached into his pocket and pulled out the paper. Time to see if this could be just what he was looking for. He switched on his computer and connected to the world wide web.

The web site loaded and immediately he could feel himself relaxing as the soothing images of a beautiful forest opened up in front of him. The cottage looked quite old, yet comfortable. There were two bedrooms, a small but cosy living/dining area, bathroom and kitchen. The furnishings were made from old oak and the cottage was heated by a huge log fire.

He read on, at the end of the page he had made up his mind. This was just what he needed. He typed in his details and waited for confirmation. Whilst he was waiting, she showered and changed, tried washing away the tresses of the day. He came back to his computer feeling refreshed and more relaxed.

The e-mail sign in the corner of his screen showed that he had mail. He opened it and began to read. It politely informed him that his "application" had been successful and that directions and the keys would be delivered by courier the next day.

7.30 the next morning the courier arrived. He opened the package and looked inside. The directions were easy to follow. Amazingly, Rayven Cottage was only 3 hours drive from his home, he had not thought that there was such a wondrous place so close. He headed off to work with a new sense of anticipation. This would be his last working day for a whole month, no matter what was said, his holiday began today.....

The drive was not as harrowing as he had expected. It almost seemed that the traffic magically disappeared as he approached it, as if that too had already fallen under the spell of Rayven Cottage. Two hours later he turned off onto a small country road, his window open, no sounds but the birds singing and the steady thrum of his engine to disturb the beauty and peacefulness of this haven.

He came abruptly to a crossroads, stopped, and studied his map carefully. Dusk was beginning to fall 'Not much further now' he thought. He turned off to his right as the map directed, and, sure enough, two miles on, there stood the huge iron gates. He drew up to the impressive structure, and climbed out of his car uncurling and stretching his body after the long drive. He walked up to the gates and slid his fingers over the ornate designs. At his touch, they swung open, smoothly, without a sound.

Climbing back into his car and slowly driving through the gates he marvelled at the beauty of the surroundings. Huge trees extended skywards, their branches intertwining like fingers, creating natures own canopy. The last rays of the setting sun shone through those branches, warming the forest beneath. He stopped the car and climbed out to close the gates behind him, only to see them slowly drawing to a close, as smooth and silent as they had opened.

Looking around, he took a deep breath. Every muscle in his body seemed relaxed now. Easing his car up the dimly lit driveway, he glimpsed the cottage off to his right. The path curved easily leading to the door of this perfect little haven.

He unpacked quickly, then he settled in a large soft chair in front of the warm log fire, (he would always feel a sense of pride that he managed to light it first time) with a light supper and a glass of rich red wine, he felt like he had come home. In no time at all, he was asleep.....

Twin dark orbs watched him intently as he slept. The magnificent Raven sat on the window sill peering in through the glass, quietly studying the new occupant of the cottage. The old clock on the wall chimed midnight, outside the window a soft amber glow surrounded the Raven. Silver strands of electricity sparked and crackled through the air around it, and in moments, where the Raven was, stood a beautiful woman. She was tall and majestic, and her body was slender and lithe, her long black hair cascaded down her back and it seemed to shimmer in the moonlight. Her skin was so pale it was almost luminescent, reflecting the soft ethereal light from the moon as it found breaks in the canopy above. She blinked, slowly. The same twin dark orbs, eyes as black as the night sky softened and a gentle smile spread across her ruby lips. Lost within her own thoughts, she failed to notice that he was now awake and looking back at her. He rose from his chair and ran to the door, opening it, he saw her swiftly disappear into the forest. For some reason he could not fathom, he was compelled to chase after her. Running quickly the forest now damp underfoot, he glimpsed her up ahead. Swerving off to the right, he caught up with her in a small clearing.

His fingers brushed against her arm. Startled at the contact, she turned to run again. She seemed to him, like a frightened animal. He called out to her to look out, as she ran into the tall oak tree. There was a sickening thud, and she fell unconscious to the ground. He ran over to where she lay and effortlessly picked her up and carried her back to the cottage. Gently he lay her on the large soft sofa, and went to find something to bathe the cut that had appeared on her forehead. Gently brushing the hair from her delicate face, and dabbing softly at the now closing wound, he studied her carefully. Her features were very fine, high cheekbones accentuated the most beautiful face he had ever seen. His eyes moved slowly down her unconscious form. Her breathing was regular and steady, and he became mesmerised at the sight of her pale glistening skin.

Her hand moved gently, slowly up his arm. His skin tingling at her touch. His breath became short and his heart pounded in his chest. His blood felt like it was on fire. A soft cool hand slipped round the back of his neck, brushing through the hair at the base of his skull, his body shuddered at the sensation. Slowly but insistently she pulled him towards her, until their lips met and stars exploded inside his head. He felt the static in the air crackle around them both as their kiss deepened and became more passionate. Her tongue dipped into his mouth and caressed along his lips, his tongue joining hers as they entwined with each other. His hand moved to her side and stroked gently across her ribs, he felt shivers run through her body as his hand moved upwards, under her silky black clothing, her back arching, her breasts rising to greet his warm soft hand as it gently massaged the delicate soft skin. Her nipples erect and hard begged and pleaded with his fingers for their attention, and they did not disappoint. He gently rolled each one in turn between his fingers. Pulling and tweaking at the dark pink buds. The gasps that left her lips, were the sweetest sound his ears had ever heard. His organ swelled and hardened, and it pulsed every time she murmured. Her hands now grasping at his shirt, almost ripping it from his body, pulled and tugged with a new urgency. He allowed her to pull it from his body, exposing his skin to the cool night air. She rose from the sofa, tracing kisses across his chest with lips that felt like liquid fire. Lost within the ecstasy of the sensations that were playing through his body, his eyes closed tight, beads of sweat on his brow as he struggled with the turmoil within that threatened to end this passionate embrace far too soon.

Suddenly the sensations ended. He opened his eyes and looked at her standing before him. The soft black fabric slid from her body with hardly a sound. He gasped at the sight of her now completely naked form. Her body seemed to give off an almost ethereal glow as it reflected the orange and amber hue from the dying embers of the fire. She smiled down at him and took hold of his hand. Pulling him gently to his feet, she led the way to the stairs, he was mesmerised at the flow of her body as it climbed the stairs ahead of him. Reaching the top, she touched the door to the bedroom and it swung open effortlessly. Once inside, she pulled him to her. Lightly running her fingertips over his skin, moving slowly from his shoulders, down across his chest, circling around his throbbing nipples. Further down on their journey, across his ribs and stomach, slipping just inside the waist of his trousers, his breath becoming fast and shallow as she opened the fastenings and slowly slid them down his legs, tantalisingly drawing her nails lightly over his skin on the journey downwards. Sinking to her knees she bade him step out of the restricting clothing, and tossed them to one side. He could feel her breath, hot against his thighs as she kissed her way teasingly up his legs.

His manhood, almost painfully erect now, twitched as she blew gently across its tip, before languidly running her tongue along the length to its base. Once there, she nuzzled at the patch of soft downy hair there, blowing once again, like a light breeze caressing his skin on a warm summers day. His eyes flew open at the sensations he felt now. Her lips, soft and moist engulfed his shaft and her tongue licked and swirled around it. The fire in his blood ignited afresh and he grasped her shoulders and pulled her to her feet. Almost throwing her down onto the bed, there was only one thing on his mind, he had to have her, now!

A wicked smile flashed across her face, she knew exactly what was on his mind. Her long legs looped around his hips drawing him forwards and, as he fell upon her, he entered her, swift and hard. They both cried out in pleasure, her legs wrapping tightly around him holding him deep inside her frozen for one perfect moment. Then the moment passed and his desire flared again. He began thrusting deep and hard into her. Her hips rose to meet his movements, and her fingers clawed at his back, the sensation only adding fuel to his fire, driving him into a frenzy. His body burned with a fever as he became lost in that feral rhythm. Time held no meaning, they were swept along on the waves of their desire. Their lips locked in a burning kiss, as both began to move faster than before, their cries split the night as they came together, their bodies entwined in the afterglow of their love.

The clock downstairs began to chime...6 o'clock. Startled, she pushed him away. Collecting her clothes and hurrying downstairs, again reminding him of a frightened animal, she grabbed the door handle and swung it open fully, and ran out naked into the night. He ran down the stairs after her and reached the door in time to see her surrounded by a soft amber glow. Her body seemed to shimmer and the air around her sparked with fingers of electricity. He watched in amazement at the vision before him, and stared in wonder as the magnificent Raven spread its wings and flew off into the forest.....

The next night, at the stroke of midnight, he stood at the door of the cottage as the Raven once again became the beautiful woman. Nervously she looked into his eyes, and, as he smiled and pulled her into his arms, a single tear slipped silently down her soft white cheek...