 Chapter 7 -- Meeting Master's sister. 

Katarina sighed wishing she could have a relationship like that. She had dated a few woman in college, had a lot of fun doing it, getting quite a lot good sex. Her problem was she was looking for more than that. It was getting quite late so she turned in with this on her mind.

When she woke up the next morning she sleepily went through her routine for the fourth day. By the time she got done with her second cup of coffee she was itching to read some more of the book, but she decided on a whim to do some checking. 

She didn't think they were real people, but they were becoming so in her mind, so to help straighten out her emotions she grabbed her e-pad and did a little research.

Connecting to the Galaxy net she ran a search for, 'Mike and Sara Anders, earth, 2012. She immediately got a number of results. She thought about what she knew from the book and clarified her search by providing a description for Sara, stockbroker, and Children's charities. 

Unfortunately, doing this did not give her peace of mind, as it came back with a lot of information spanning 2013 to 2223. Afraid to find out more she closed the browser, turned off her e-pad, and went off in search of alcohol.

After a few drinks the mix of curiosity and being tipsy overcame her nervousness and she started reading the book.

===============================

In the morning after a shower, we went to the lobby and checked out. Leading me to an empty conference room he gave me an extremely naughty look which made me smile in anticipation. 

He wished, "I wish I was fucking you doggy style at home in our bed." 

My smile got larger as my skin flushed and I said with a breathy voice, "Yes master." 

A second later we found ourselves naked in bed, me on all fours arching my back with Mike's hard cock buried between my wet folds. I looked back at him and winked as I squeezed his cock with the inside of my pussy. 

He wasn't very rough with me a lot, but I really love it when he is. He leaned down and grabbed my hair, pulling back firmly and with the other hand spanked my ass hard, causing my body to shiver in pleasure with the sting of pain as I gasped loudly. 

I begged him, "Fuck me master, please fuck me." 

He spanked me harder, once on each cheek and demanded, "Louder, tell me how bad you want it." 

My ass was stinging now but my pussy was dripping juice onto his balls. I told him in a low velvety voice, hoping to get spanked some more, "Punish my pussy with your cock master, make me your little genie slut." 

I felt his cock spasm in my pussy right after I said that which made me even wetter. 

He spanked both my ass cheeks again hard and pulled me back a bit harder by the hair, "I said louder, tell me what you want." 

I screamed out, "Please fuck me master, I need to be fucked. Fuck your slutty genie master." 

The first pull out and thrust hit my g-spot, with my ass still stinging it caused a mini-orgasm, which caused me to cry out, "Yes master, claim my slutty pussy." 

He started pounding into me, balls slapping against my clit, pulling me back by my hair as he slammed me from behind. With his other hand he alternated between spanking me and flicking my puckered hole with his finger. 

It wasn't long until I started to chain orgasm, as my pussy hugged, convulsed and massaged his cock almost continuously. Right as I felt masters cock grow in preparation of launching his seed, he spanked me again hard, then shoved a wet finger in my ass. 

I came hard, my whole body convulsing and out of control as my tight wet pussy loosed a torrent of juice and milked his hot seed greedily. 

Master pulled out and leaned down to softly kiss and lick the red spots on my ass cheeks making me shiver and collapse flat on the bed.

After we cleaned up master said, "We should go to Chicago, my sister should meet my fiancée don't you think? She has been after me to visit for a while to meet you. She will probably want to help you plan the wedding as well." 

We packed a few things and headed to the airport.

Now I should probably mention master gave me some small control over the magic, probably in an attempt to make me less of a slave. I am making note of this because I am about to tell you about the plane ride in which I use this ability.

I can't initiate fantasies on my own, or move us around. I can use it to initiate or enhance our one on one sex.

I can be extremely naughty at times, so far master hasn't told me to stop, I guess in a small way I keep escalating to see if he will or not. You wouldn't think as a genie I would want to push the boundaries, fact is of course, that is how he wants me be.

Within a few hours we were at the airport and checked in, as you're probably figuring out, master only uses wishes to travel when we go on a romantic and naughty weekend holiday. 

Otherwise it's a plane, which is good for all the other passengers, if something goes bad on the plane, my magic will fix it. No chance of a crashing plane with me on the job.

We got in first class, row 3, A and B and took a seat. We managed to down a couple of cocktails before the flight attendants needed to lock everything down. I of course blame the following on the nice buzz from the cocktails, which was making me warm all over and a bit horny.

Okay, a bit hornier than usually, as I am always ready to go and ready to please my master, it is who I am, and I love it. 

I started to rub masters inner thighs as we taxi to the runway for takeoff, there were business men in front and behind and an older couple sitting across from us in 3c and 3d. I think this made master nervous because he stopped me by holding my hand and squeezing it.

I pouted a bit to myself and then decided to use my magic on him, leaning back and closing my eyes I created a semi-corporeal pair of hands and a mouth, tongue and throat. By semi-corporeal I mean they could only touch and affect flesh. 

Other than flesh, such as pants shirts or other materials it would simply pass through. The only exception to that were my master's hands.

I didn't want him to be able to stop it, at least not without commanding me to, which I was pretty sure he was loathe to do as I explained earlier. Did I mention how spoiled of a genie I am?

One more thing, like duplicate self these semi-corporeal creations were tied with my senses and control, which means effectively that it felt like me doing it, I was doing it.

Keeping my eyes closed and feigning sleep just to make it more fun I had to suppress a giggle at masters gasp as I started to kiss his neck and rub my fingertips along his bear skin through his shirt. 

Master growled but did not tell me to stop, so I slid a hand through the bottom of his seat cupping his balls with my palm, with my middle finger massaging his puckered hole as I started to slowly move my hand in small circles. 

Squinting I saw masters pants tent which made me lick my lips, a small hum escaping from my lips. Master tried to hide his erection from the other passengers grabbed a sky magazine, opened it up and held it in his lap, pretending to read it.

I lowered the other hand and gripped at the base of his cock through his pants, then kissed the tip and flicked it with my tongue, tasting his precum, then I circled his sensitive head with my tongue. 

Jerking softly up and down at the base of his cock while I took his head in my mouth, sucking hard on it, then flicking my tongue on the bottom of his shaft I slowly worked a finger into his ass as I continued to circle my hand on the bottom of his balls. 

When I get my finger in far enough I start to massage his prostrate, which causes his whole body to jump and a moan to escape his lips, then I lower my mouth all the way down to the base of his cock and suck hard on the way back up, moving my hand in when there is space and pulling up with a twist. 

Then I start the cycle over by circling his tip with my tongue. I do this over and over, working steadily for my reward with a slow build up. I bury my lips into his body and start a humming vibration in the back of my throat to finish him off when I feel he has reached his height. 

His whole body tightens as I greedily suck in seed, milking his cum with my lips and suction while squeezing his balls and massaging his prostrate. I naughtily use my magic to extend his pleasure and heighten it just a bit. 

I make sure I have all his juice to prevent a mess, then I released my magic.

I look over and wink at master, he looks torn between kissing me and spanking me, I open my mouth a bit so only he can see and roll his seed on my tongue and then swallow it. I communicate directly with my mind to his, "Mmmm, thank you master."

I would just add that any perversion on my part is a direct result of what my master would want. We enjoy a diverse sex life, sometimes gentle, sometimes hard, and sometimes downright nasty.

Once we land we head over and take the El in to Chicago, my masters sister isn't too far a walk from there to her Apt. building. 

Michelle was 28, long brown hair and hazel eyes. She was my height with curves in all the right places. She had a huge grin on when she answered the door and jumped to give Mike a big hug.

Turning to me she gave me a quick hug as well and ushered us into the apartment.

Smiling she said, "Nice to finally meet you, been bugging him about it, how do you put up with him."

Grinning impishly she turned and winked at Mike as I teasingly replied, "Takes a magic touch."

Despite feeling conflicted about it I joined my soon to be sister in ribbing master, it is what he would want, bonding with his sister over the one thing we had in common that we knew about right from the start. 

I did feel a little uncomfortable, ribbing master is not natural to me at all. These things are inevitable though, sometimes desires conflict, he doesn't like being teased in this way, but he desires me to have a good relationship with his sister.

We stayed a couple of weeks, taking in Chicago and spending a lot of time with Michelle. As master suspected Michelle and I spent a lot of time planning the wedding, which was fairly small, Michelle being Mike's only family and well, master was my only family.

Michelle and I grew close and we got into mischief together. We would tease master that it was a girl's night out and that he can't come. Of course as soon as we left the apartment another me was in master's arms, he surely was not neglected in the least.

Hiding what I really was took effort for master. I could tell he did not enjoy hiding anything from his sister at all, they were very close as they were all they had for family related by blood. I also felt bad about it as well, but it's never a good idea to let it get out.

My protection magic took care of a great deal of it automatically though, illusion being the most major thing, so we aged as she did, or at least, that's what she saw.