 Two years after the discovery of Gliese 948c, the lab-frigate "Darwin 9" rested on the surface of the large, green planet. It was an old craft with a crew of only 52 scientists and 7 well-armed scouts. With so many new planets to explore, the Alliance couldn't spend a lot resources on a planet so far away, regardless of the fact that it had an impressive resemblance to Earth.

Automated probes had been scanning the planet for three days, corroborating that there was a huge variety of lifeforms, both plant and animal. There were also ruins of past civilizations; proof that sentient beings once inhabited the planet, but there was no trace of them anymore. After a thorough validation on foot that it was safe to get out of the ship, the scouts gave the green light. The scientists couldn't wait to begin their research.

Lauren, one of the senior members of the crew, was talking to Naomi. They were both specialists in ancient civilizations.

"I am going to explore the main structure on the north side, do you want to join me?" Lauren asked.

"Thanks, but I am going to start my research on the east side," Naomi responded, "There is a small set of ruins that seems interesting enough."

"Okay, then, we'll meet back here in a while to compare notes. Be careful out there."

"Sure thing. See you later."

Naomi was perfectly aware that Lauren wanted more than a friendship, but she was not interested. She preferred to date guys, particularly guys with big muscles and big cocks. She had been flirting with one of the scouts and she was planning to get him into her bed tonight.

Sorry Lauren, Naomi thought as she walked away, but I already have other plans. Arthur is massive. I can only imagine the size of his cock.

Lauren was not discouraged, She is playing hard to get but I won't give up that easily. She is so sexy.

***

All the scientists were exploring the main ruins site at the north of the landing area. Naomi was the only one interested in this small cluster of partially destroyed walls and walkways. But when she arrived, it was not the piled blocks of rock that grabbed the young woman's attention. There was a very strange formation at the center of what seemed to be an altar. 

It was apparently some kind of plant but it had a vague human shape. The main trunk was almost three meters tall and it had two vines at either side that resembled arms. These vines were thick and long, and extended several meters around the base.

Naomi had never seen a specimen like this and her first impulse was to call her friend Kary, an expert botanist, but then she changed her mind. Kary must be very busy right now and they were going to stay on this planet at least six months. There would be plenty of time to analyze every interesting native critter.

After her preliminary inspection, Naomi estimated that these ruins were at least nine thousand years old. She took some readings of the strange plant and was surprised to discover that the creature was even older than that.

"Oh my God! Carbon dating indicates that this thing is more than twenty thousand years old! I wonder if it is still alive."

As Naomi got closer, the Entity was trying to figure out the nature of this alien life-form. First, this object from outer space landed slowly on the surface of the planet, instead of crashing like everything else that came from above. Then these beings emerged from within the object. It was so strange. Evidently, the huge metal structure was full of these creatures.

Naomi stepped onto the mushy surface that surrounded the base of the trunk and carefully touched one of the vines. It had a leathery consistency.

"I should take a sample and take it back to the lab. I don't know what Kary has found so far but she is going to piss herself when I show her this thing."

The Entity felt the alien life-form approaching and then touching one of its many limbs. He wanted more information. This new species was very interesting. It appeared to be self-aware. The Entity moved the left vine behind Naomi and silently encircled her.

Naomi screamed when she felt the tentacle squeezing her arm. "What the fuck?!!"

It took her a moment to understand what was happening. This plant was not a plant at all. Or at least it didn't move like one. The scared woman tried unsuccessfully to free herself. Whatever this thing was, it was very strong.

In a matter of seconds, Naomi had both arms firmly held above her head and her feet dangled a couple of centimeters above the ground. She was trapped! She looked around, desperately trying to figure out her situation. If this creature intended to eat her, she couldn't see any mouth. There were plenty of holes spread across the creature's body but they were not big enough for her to fit in. Maybe it was just a defense mechanism and if she stayed still, it would let her go.

"No!! Let go of me!!" She screamed.

It was the first time in all her years of exploration that she had been attacked by a native creature - at least a dangerous one. It was yet to be seen if this one posed a threat. The scouts' scanners hadn't detected any menaces earlier that day. She could only hope for the best.

Naomi heard a squishy sound coming from above and lifted her head to see another tentacle emerging from within the main bulk. It had a different color than the other vines and was glistening, as if it was coming directly from the bowls of the monster. 

The scared woman gasped loudly but did her best to remain calm.

"God! Another one!"

The Entity moved its sensory limb up and down the length of the alien invader. It quickly discerned that she was a female. Her anatomy resembled a life-form that inhabited this planet a long time ago, before they evolved.

It noticed that the outer covering of the alien was not part of her skin. It should be removed for further examination.

Naomi watched the tentacle moving all around her, inspecting her body. She correctly guessed that this creature was analyzing her, the same way she had analyzed it when she first arrived. 

"It is checking my bod..." But this didn't diminish her surprise when it ripped her blouse open, exposing her breasts. "Hey! Don't do that!"

The Entity caressed the invader's breast and learned that she was a mammal. There were other beings on the planet that shared this same method of reproduction. It was interesting nonetheless. There was a slight enlargement of the tip upon contact. The Entity was aware of the concept of excitement. Further tests should be conducted on the subject. 

Utilizing the knowledge gathered centuries ago about mammals' anatomy, the Entity moved its tentacle down, lifted Naomi's skirt and slid between her thighs, corroborating the location of the female's vaginal entry.

To say that Naomi was startled by this was an understatement. First the creature ripped her blouse open and now it was caressing her pussy. The scientist was very scared and even more confused than before. Why was this monster focusing on her intimate parts? Was it trying to seduce her? It didn't make any sense. 

"What the hell is this thing doing?!"

Then she had an idea. Maybe this creature uses other beings like herself to transport its seeds, and it is looking for a place to insert them. The idea of being penetrated by this huge appendage made her heart jolt in fear.

Naomi's suspicions became plausible when a forth tentacle emerged from another hole near the bottom of the main trunk. It had a different color than the other three, and in fact, the reddish tone made it look similar to a phallus. It wasn't as big as the others but it wasn't small by any means. If she was going to be penetrated by this thing, it might kill her in the process.

"Oh shit! I was right! This creature is going to fuck me!"

The Entity could adjust the size of its appendages at will and it considered the current girth of its probing tentacle was good enough to explore inside this alien's cavities.

He was also listening attentively to the sounds emerging from the female's mouth. They formed structured patterns that hinted at some kind of intelligent communication. He couldn't be sure of any of this until testing her DNA, chemical composition and the electrical activity running through her cells.

Naomi saw the tentacle projecting further out and squirming between her legs. She felt it poking at the entrance of her pussy and jerked. Then she tried kicking the appendage away, but it barely moved. She was going to be ravished by this monster and there was no way to prevent it.

"Get away from me!"

The Entity used the sensory tentacle to observe the female's reaction with keen interest. It was evident that she knew what was going to happen to her and this confirmed that she was an intelligent being.

The tentacle stabbed upward and penetrated deep into Naomi's pussy. The woman's vaginal cavity spread wide to accommodate such a fat appendage, eliciting a loud moan that echoed across the ruins. Unfortunately for Naomi, there was nobody around to hear her.

Once inside of her, the Entity stayed still, sensing the female's body from within. It was warm and moist, and more importantly, it was flexible. He tasted her fluids and absorbed the chemicals that formed them. 

He also detected signals coming from above, from the woman's brain, telling her muscles what to do. He had seen all of this before but not in such complexity.

When Naomi felt the large tentacle entering her pussy, she braced herself for excruciating pain, but it was not as she expected. She felt stuffed to the limit but oddly enough, it didn't feel bad at all. The appendage was coated with an oily layer that allowed a smooth, effortless penetration. When it reached the bottom of her cavity, it stopped.

The frightened woman didn't know what to think about her current situation. She should be thankful that this plant-monster was apparently not planning to eat her, but having a huge tentacle lodged in her pussy didn't make things much better. He only needed to push a little deeper to impale her to death.

From the Entity's perspective, this alien-female individual was becoming more interesting by the minute. He remembered another typical behavior of mammals while matting, and he thought it was worth experimenting with. He pulled the tentacle almost all the way out and pushed back in. Then he did it again and again. Naomi opened her eyes wide and moaned every time.

The dazzled woman couldn't believe this was happening. The creature was pumping her as if they were having sex. She considered the possibility that this monster needed stimulation to release its seeds inside of her, which meant that her theory was right. The monster wanted to use her body to distribute its seeds. This also meant that he was planning to release her when he was done. There was hope that she might survive this!

Several minutes passed, and as much as she tried to ignore the sensations, Naomi began to get aroused by the relentless hammering of the big appendage in and out of her body. She never before had something so big inside of her pussy and it felt incredibly good. Even in this awkward state of affairs, Naomi was certain that she would reach an orgasm soon enough if the tentacle didn't stop. 

But far from stopping, the Entity increased the pace. He noticed that the female was producing her own lubrication fluid that mixed with his and dribbled down her inner thighs. He also detected increasing electrical activity within her nervous system. The alien-female was excited. This was most fascinating.

The Entity decided that it was time for the first discharge. The moment he ejaculated inside of her, Naomi climaxed.

She clasped her legs together as her orgasm hit and she contorted under forceful spasms. The overwhelmed woman could feel her belly bloating from the huge amount of hot fluid pumped into her packed cavity and this boosted Naomi's arousal even further. She didn't know why she felt this way but she had never cum so hard in her life.

The following hours were just a haze for Naomi. The monster kept fucking her without pause and she enjoyed it immensely. She lost consciousness several times from the overwhelming sensations but she woke up to find herself still hanging above the ground with the tentacle still lodged between her legs.

As night approached, the blackouts happened more frequently, until her exhaustion became too much and she fell asleep for good, even with the appendage still pumping her pussy.

Realizing that the female was not waking up, the Entity removed the mating tentacle, released her arms and let her limp body crumble to the mushy surface beneath. Even though the appendage was not inside of her anymore, a little of himself remained in Naomi's body. He had ejaculated in her womb several times and his essence had filtered into her bloodstream and into her cells. 

The sensing tentacle checked her body while she rested. The electrical signals coming from the female-alien's brain had been staggering during the mating ritual, which meant a higher level of thought. This female was definitely self-aware and intelligent. 

But his goal remained the same, regardless of her intelligence. Very soon she would be one with him. She would become part of the Whole. He just had to be patient.

***

Naomi woke up a while later. It took her a moment to remember where she was and what had happened. When she did, she looked around for the glossy tentacles, but they were gone. Only the two big ones that had held her arms still hung around, motionless. She checked herself for injuries and she was fine. The only evidence of the incredible ravishing was a slight tingling in her pussy and the excess of sperm leaking from it.

Damn! If someone had told me that I was going to be ravished by a plant today, I would have laughed my ass off. Even now is hard to believe that it happened. I have to get back to the frigate before they start looking for me.

Naomi cleaned the remnants of the monster's cum off her thighs, put her skirt back on and headed back to the lab. She walked straight to her bunk trying to avoid everyone, but she ran into Lauren, who had been worried about her.

"There you are! Have you been at the site all day? Are you ok?" Lauren asked.

"Yes. I am fine. I am just very tired. I'm going to bed. We'll talk tomorrow."

Lauren knew her teammate too well to believe that she was fine. Something had happened to Naomi. She knew it.

***

A million thoughts cluttered Naomi's mind keeping her awake. Everything that happened to her earlier that day had not been her fault, but still she was reluctant to tell anyone about it and she wasn't sure why. The memory of those green tentacles looming upon her sent chills down her spine, but the image of that reddish tentacle sliding between her legs and penetrating her body so deeply made her pussy twitch. To make things worse, the dizziness from the overwhelming experience lingered in her mind.

I must have climaxed like twenty times. How is that possible? I didn't have any seeds inside of me when I woke up so my theory was wrong. Why did it fuck me? It makes no sense.

This is so embarrassing. I can't tell anyone about what happened. Not even Kary. What should I do?

While she considered her options, Naomi unconsciously massaged her breast and didn't realize that her pussy was wet.

The next morning, Naomi woke up horny as hell. She decided that before informing the others about her find, she needed more data. In reality, she knew this was just an excuse to visit the creature again. When she arrived to the ruins, it was exactly as she left it the day before.

I wonder if what happened yesterday was a one-time thing.

The Entity sensed the female approaching and rejoiced. He was expecting her return and he was ready for her.

Naomi stopped at the edge of the mushy surface and observed the creature for a moment. She was wary about moving any closer. Then there was a squishy sound and the reddish tentacle emerged from the same hole as before. Naomi's pussy gushed with anticipation and this elicited a soft moan. The woman's heart was beating fast and her entire body was shivering.

"What am I doing? I must be going crazy. But I need more information... I need more."

In the back of her mind, she already knew what she had to do but she couldn't believe that she was standing there, ready to do it.

Staring at the creature with desire in her eyes, Naomi removed her dress and stepped closer. She leaned forward and rested the palms of her hands against the main trunk while the reddish tentacle floated between her legs and curved upward, aiming at her vaginal entrance.

"The plant-monster is going to fuck me again. It is going to make cum again."

The sensory tentacle also emerged from the higher opening and snaked around Naomi's body. It was not necessary to use the restraining tentacles anymore and this was a good thing. The alien-female was beginning to understand that they belong together. Or more accurately, that she belongs to him.

Naomi felt the thick appendage penetrating her as roughly and deeply as the day before. It was then that she realized how much she needed it inside of her. After several hours of emptiness, she was feeling alive again. She was learning that true bliss was possible.

After the initial thrust, the Entity began to pump the female's body with an increasing pace, confident that another dose of his essence into her bloodstream would be enough to seal her fate forever. Then he would be able to explore the intricate connections and electrical signals of her brain.

The tentacle squirmed and jolted inside of Naomi's tight cavity, occupying every bit of space available in her slim body. The woman moaned loudly and swayed her body in the opposite direction, seeking to maximize the penetration, and consequently, the mind-blowing sensations. She was in less control of the situation now than the day before, when her arms were restrained.

Naomi grabbed the tentacle with both hands, feeling the girth and the power of the creature. All this energy was discharged into her pussy and spread to every cell of her body in the form of overwhelming pleasure. It was driving her insane and couldn't stand it for long before reaching her first orgasm of the day.

Her eyes rolled back and her pussy gushed abundantly with every body-wrecking spasm. Nonetheless, she did whatever she could to remain on her feet and keep receiving the incredible blows of the fat tentacle.

But her orgasm was stronger than her will and she finally crumbled to the ground, still shuddering out of control.

And the same as before, the Entity kept fucking her without mercy.

Naomi just laid there, riding her powerful climax until she regained control of her body. Then she re-positioned herself, resting her lower back on a mound nearby, allowing easier access to her vaginal cavity. While doing this, she made sure that the tentacle didn't leave her pussy for even a second.

The Entity took this opportunity to test her endurance and churned his tentacle wildly, making her belly bulge in every direction. The female-alien screamed and spread her legs wider, welcoming the renewed assault.

Naomi was staring at her bloating belly when something else grabbed her attention. A new tentacle emerged from the main trunk of the plant-creature, also red and also glistening with lubrication fluid.

"Another one?!"

The woman's heart jolted, then her pussy twitched as she realized that this appendage was going to fuck her too. Was it even possible?

The excited woman felt the second tentacle poking at her anal entrance. She clenched her anus, fearing that it was more than she could take, that she might die from the massive double penetration. Yet she remained in place with her legs spread wide. Naomi was no longer in control of her actions and she knew it.
