 So it was that I was fucking a demon. Her skin was dark and her eyes were red. Her entire naked body gleamed with sweat, nipples hard with lust as I trusted my hard cock into her over and over. She laid with her back on my oak desk, moaning, and grinning with every trust. The demon had bat wings and an arrow pointed tail, that was now looped around my waist as if to keep me from running away. The demon's legs were on my shoulders, giving me full access.

She had just appeared in my apartment, climbed in through the window, completely naked. We hadn't even exchanged a word. The demon looked at me, and I knew what she wanted.

"Yes, yes!" She moaned. "Harder, oh yes."

Her pussy was so hot, it was like fucking a girl with a fervor. I feared I'd melt inside of her. And at the same time, the pleasure was greater than anything I'd ever felt. Wave after wave it crashed into me, making me harder and harder as I trusted into her harder and harder. I wanted it to last forever, but I also wanted it to end. I wanted the third act, the climax.

I bend forward to suck her nipples, the pleasure rising. So close, I was about to—

A glass sphere appeared in the demon's hand. I wouldn't have noticed it, were it not for the white mist that flowed out of my body. I could feel it, my pleasure, like something physical, being sucked away from me. Suddenly I wasn't about to come anymore; it was like I had just started to fuck her. The shock was enough to make me freeze.

The demon smiled. "What's the matter, sweetie? Keep going. Here, let mommy help." She began waving her waist, gently moving my cock inside of her.

My pleasure began to rise again, but it wasn't the only reason my heart was pounding. She was still holding the sphere, that white mist swirling inside of it.

"Is this a punishment?" I asked. "Am I condemned to fuck you forever, with no hope of release?"

"Oh please," she said, without stopping. "You didn't think I was for free, did you? For as..." — she released a deep moan, pulling me into her — "... good, as you are, I still have to make a living. I'll collect three of your orgasms as payment; the fourth will be all yours."

"Why should I trust a demon?"

"You shouldn't. You shouldn't fuck one, either;" she stopped moving, and instead just masturbated herself, rubbing her clit with red-painted nails. "But that didn't stop you, did it?"

I was still inside her, feeling her deep warmth, her wetness. Truth was, I couldn't stop now, even if I wanted. I took a step back. "All right, but if I'm selling, I make the rules," I said. I offered her a hand to get up. "Whats your name?"

"Ruby," she said, standing up.

"I'm John," I said.

I pushed Ruby, grinning and sweating, against my fridge. The kitchen's floor was was covered in my silverware, which we had dropped when fucking on the table. 

"Turn around and raise your ass, Ruby."

She obeyed, turning around and raising her tight, ebony ass. Her pussy was so wet in flowed down her thighs. Her tail was up, like a cat receiving a rub. She looked in my direction, biting her lower lip.

It was more than I could handle.

I tore into her pussy with my hard cock, and fucked her as hard as I could, with no fear of hurting the creature. She congratulated me with more mourns, as I pushed her sweaty body against the metal. Pleasure rose, but before I came my pleasure was sucked away.

I was ready, and instead of scared, I felt revigorated. She turned to face me and we kept fucking like rabbits. Her eyes closed, head tilted back, lips open into an "O". I felt her shake around me, growing even warmer; and I knew that I had just made a demom come. That alone made me explode a third time, my orgasm being sucked away before I could really feel it.

Ruby pushed me away, pressing her fingers against my chest until I stood with my back to the table. She laid closer and whispered in my ear. 

"Lay down, sweetie," She said. "This will be your orgasm, and I want to make sure it's the best."

I smiled and laid my back on the table. Ruby bend before me, gave me a vicious smile, and then started to caress me with her mouth. Kissing, then licking, then fitting me in her mouth and deep into her throat. I groaned, but it didn't last. 

Before I could get too excited, she stopped sucking me and climbed with both feet on the table. She knelt with me in between her legs, gave me a kiss and fit me into her. Then, lips still pressed against mine, she rode me. Rode me like a gentle lover, sliding up and down.

After being interrupted three times, the pleasure was so great that her every movement made me tremble. Her breaths were like music, punctuating her every movement. They grew faster as she rode me harder, sliding around me so I could feel her every inch.

I came, exploding inside Ruby as she groaned and clenched around me, waving her arrowed tail with her face contorted with pleasure. I shot everything I had into her, the most intense orgasm of my life. It lasted forever, a wave of pleasure after wave of pleasure, shooting endlessly inside of her.

And then it was gone, leaving me with the paradox feeling of emptiness and fulfillment. Ruby collapsed on my side, dropping something else that was on my table. She sighed.

"That was... wow." Ruby sighed.

I smiled. "I bet you say that to every "client", or whatever."

"I wish," Ruby said. She held the spheres with my orgasms in front of her eyes. "Hey, what do you think of doing this for a living?"

"I wouldn't mind," I said.

Ruby smiled and gave me a tender kiss. "Great! Pack your things, I'll be here tomorrow."

She jumped out of the table, clothes smoking into existence around her — a luxurious red shirt with dark jeans.

"Where will I go?" I asked.

Ruby smiled, a purple portal appearing in front of her. "To hell, of course. Don't worry, It's a very nice place when you go in as a guest."

That said, Ruby stepped into the portal and disappeared, leaving a round burn mark on my wall.

And me, I laid back for a while, until finally deciding to go pack my things. After all, I wouldn't be leaving much back in this world anyway.