 Chapter 8 – Family

Kat felt someone licking into her wet folds and tweaking her nipples, she looked down in shock. Seeing it was Sara, she realized she must be dreaming again. She gazed lovingly into Sara's deep blue eyes and gasped again as Sara flicked Kat's clit with her tongue. 

Lovingly she thought? Kat panicked at the loving thoughts and woke up jumping from the chair she had fallen asleep on. 

Kat thought, "What? How can I be in love with a character in a book that doesn't exist, or at best, someone who has passed from this life that I don't even know except through words on paper?"

Kat was miserable, fighting with herself all day, trying to get a handle on thoughts and emotions that don't make sense. She got to a point where she thought she could sleep for the night and hoped she wouldn't dream. 

Hours later Kat stretched herself awake feeling better, she was still confused but wasn't quite freaking out anymore. Following her normal routine of the morning, with the standard maintenance, helped her to feel even better by establishing a sense of normalcy. She felt she was ready to continue the story.....

===========================================

The following spring I had a beautiful wedding. Michelle was my maid of honor, and through her I had met enough friends to have three other bridesmaids. On our wedding night Mike and I made love slowly again like on our engagement night, but with one difference. 

Mike asked me to bear his children, and when I happily accepted he wished for fertility and we conceived that very night. A few years later we had 2 children. Mike jr. was 6 and Talia was 4. 

I know I skipped ahead again, but I am just hitting the highlights, we had been together 8 years now, married 7, and I was never happier. 

We did move out to the suburbs right by Chicago leaving Seattle behind. Although Mike misses some of his friends he is happier being closer to Michelle his only remaining family member. Speaking of which, she got married to her boyfriend Brian last year and I am happy to say I will be an aunt soon. 

I am choosing this particular "typical" day for a reason, because one thing happens that is not typical that I need to put down in writing. Please don't read the below and think we are on a scheduled rut, we are not. 

Our days though do run in similar lines but some nights we will stay up late then pop over to a Paris café for a late night breakfast (early morning there), or something else just to keep things interesting. 

The below is just a day with an event I did not entirely understand at the time, but now know to be of importance.

At this point I hardly call Mike master anymore, only when we are alone or using mind speak, mostly because we didn't want the kids to be confused. 

The children are 100 percent human of course, no magic at all, although my protection magic does extend to my family but only from harm, there is no magical bond connecting our minds, or age prolongation. 

Just the bond of love and motherhood and the knowledge they won't die an accidental death. 

I understand from popular culture that parents have it hard making time for sex, luckily a married sex genie with kids has no such trouble. My wonderful husband had the idea of wishing for a duplicate me that could not feel any pleasure, I'm sure you can figure out why. 

First thing when I wake up duplicate me shows up when I awake (permanent every day wish from master) and goes out to start breakfast and wake up the kids. 

Since duplicate me is in fact me, I feel no guilt about her getting the kids up and fed and Mike jr. ready for grammar school while preventing the kids from walking into or even being aware of what their parents are up to, at least twice a day.

While duplicate me is off doing that, which again, is me. I can take care of master with my varied wakeup call techniques. Using my magic I disappear his pajamas and the covers, I then make him rock hard with magic so he stays asleep. 

Licking my lips in anticipation I mount him and hold his cock straight up, and slowly impale myself through my wet velvety folds keeping my gasp of pleasure quiet as possible. He still isn't awake as I start bouncing fast, riding up and down his cock fast and hard. 

I grind forward each time my pussy is filled and start milking his cock inside my tight pussy. That wakes him up good and he starts moaning loudly, his orgasm already close. My body starts to convulse in orgasm and I scream out, "Fill me with your cum master." 

That pushes him over the edge and he starts to fill my greedy pussy with baby batter as he screams out "Fuck." 

Glowing and satisfied for the moment I kiss him and say, "Good morning master." 

I crawl down a bit on the bed and take him into my mouth to clean him, and then I clean up with magic. (I like the taste of his musk combined with my sweet juice too much to skip strait to the magical cleanup.) 

With the wakeup call done the sound proof magic turns off and the door is unsealed and duplicate me opens the door and slips into the room and disappears. I wait a few moments and walk out of the room to start where she/I left off. 

I am glad I am a genie; I can't imagine not waking up my master in such a way every morning.

Mike starts working after breakfast and I take Talia along to drop off Mike Jr. at school. It's springtime, so the weather is nice and on days like that I take Talia to the park for an hour or two before heading back, giving my husband some peace and quiet to get work out of the way, and of course to play. 

I can still be quite childlike at times, after all I am a young genie. That is my story and I am sticking to it. Fine, you win, I still acted childlike at times at 200 as well. And if you must know will probably do so tomorrow as well.

Now for the not so typical thing that happened on this day, I was still at the park, playing with my sweet little daughter on the slide and swings when I felt my protective connection to master muted. I could no longer feel him, hear him, or know what he was doing. 

In fact outside of knowing he was alive I could sense nothing at all.

I will admit I totally panicked, the only magic stronger than mine would be a greater Genie or greater Djinn, the ones who create us lesser genies. 

I raced home with Talia, I am not sure what I could do, for in truth being there would make no difference, whatever it was about I had no power to stop it, but I raced home anyway.

As I got into the apartment I felt my protective magical bond come back and knew he was safe. I felt the magical seal slip off the home office as the greater genie left, yes, I was sure it was a female, but that's about all I could get. 

Mike could feel my panic through the bond, I must have been leaking. He looked over and smiled reassuringly and said, "Nothing is wrong, she just wanted me to know I was doing a good job with what I was given, and was worthy of you." 

I could tell he was telling me the truth, but only the partial truth. I wasn't worried anymore, but I knew there was more to it, and I knew he wasn't going to tell me. 

Looking at him I could see there was a great weight off his shoulders that I had never even noticed until it was gone, so I determined not to push for answers and trust master that it was a good thing.

The rest of the day went normally or at least normally for us. Mike was done working by lunchtime as usual and we enjoyed lunch together, our little Talia getting us laughing. 

Around two I left to get our son and Talia stayed behind, this was his time for a little one on one play time with our youngest. My son and I went to the park for a while to play, and then we headed home. 

We ordered pizza for dinner that night, and sat around and let Mike Jr. pick a kids movie to watch. Mike pretended to be put upon watching a children's movie but we could see right through him. 

I believe I mentioned we did not have a normal sex life for typical parents, but as I said we are not typical. The kids were put to bed at 8:30 and we went to the bedroom, our 'sex maintenance' spells kicked in creating duplicate me and she walked out, then our room was sealed from entry and soundproofed. 

Master left things up to me tonight, not using a wish to direct things so I took over. I stripped my husband down kissing and caressing all over his body and used my magic to create a large easy chair and about 10 feet away from it a stripper pole. 

My husband's eyes went wide at the slutty stripper outfit I had on, god I loved I could still make his eyes go wide nine years later it made me so hot. 

Pushing him back into his chair I did some pole dancing for him in the tightest, smallest cheerleading uniform you could imagine. 

Bright blue g-string under the almost non-existent cream colored skirt, and my sweater shirt so tight it left nothing to the imagination. I went with the 80's for music and played "cream" by prince.

When the song ended I crawled to him seductively and climbed into the chair brushing my tits and stomach along as I did so from his feet to his head. 

He looked up at me and said, "Wow." 

He looked speechless and so turned on, he was in a daze. He shook it off and put his hands on the side of my waist and lifted me up above his rock hard cock. 

I smiled innocently but my eyes were all lust as I reached down and moved my soaked thong to the side, exposing my wet folds, my hardened clit peaking out of its hood. 

He lowered me down onto his cock slowly, staring into my eyes as it went in centimeter by centimeter. We continued to stare into each other's eyes when he was completely covered by my sex, both of us caught by the others gaze unable to look away. 

I started to grind on him, moving a little front and back in an oval pattern. I kissed him hungrily to break from that mesmerizing gaze, moaning and gasping into his mouth as I played with his lips and tongue. 

Mike ran his hands from my waist to my ass and squeezed hard, lifting me up until just the tip was held by my hot wet silken folds, then he started to jack hammer up into my pussy, rough and hard. 

I started moving with him, flexing my body to push down as he pushed up. Our skin slapping together loudly he brought me to orgasm, my whole body convulsing hugging his cock.

He stopped a minute to catch his breath. With a naughty smile I crawled back off the chair and slowly walked to the bed, looking behind me maintaining eye contact I slowly bent over the bed and said, "Come fuck me master, I need that cock I've been such a bad girl." 

He got up, walked over and slid his cock into me hard and fast spanking my ass when he was fully buried in my velvety folds. He reached around and wet both of his middle fingers on the juices running down my inner thighs, flipped my skirt over onto my back, pulled the string out of my ass and inserted his finger. 

I gasped in pleasure and pushed back against his finger and cock. He reached around me with his other hand and flicked my clit which started the second orgasm, my snatch convulsed on his cock milking him as my ass squeezed his finger so hard he couldn't move it. 

He started to pump into me hard and fast and I met each thrust with one of my own, burying him cock deep every time and fucking his finger with my ass. 

I could feel him losing control, his cock starting to spasm and grow wider, straining against my tight hugging velvety smooth walls. 

He flicked my clit again as he started to shoot his load in my pussy causing my third orgasm for the night. He backed up and pulled me up by my hair, twisting my head around to kiss me passionately. 

When we came up for breath I was once again in my normal outfit and the room was returned to normal. 

Once we recovered duplicate me walked in and disappeared. We went back into the other room to watch a movie as we cuddled and stole kisses until it was time to check on the children and go to bed.