 Note: This is basically a teaser chapter, though a long one, of the next large scale story series I want to do after TLL. I'll be finishing up TLL before I do any more work on this. I'm not sure on the format or main plotline I want to do for it yet, though I'm thinking of turning this into a series with several smaller plots each with their own selection of chapters. I could really see myself having fun with this type of story. Also, be warned, as I am a male, I cannot comprehend the female mind. Still, please comment and give me your thoughts on the story in general, in terms of characters, plot, sex, and anything else. 

*

"Oh, hey! Believe it or not, you're our millionth customer to purchase this game!"

A cheery voice echoed through the spacious, though messy, room that could only belong to a girl in college.

"You're not kidding?"

A second voice responded to the first, though this one was more out of curiosity than surprise.

The first voice spoke again, though out of annoyance, "Yea, that's what the clerk said when I bought this. Really, I was only buying a gift for my cousin's birthday since he said he really wanted this game."

"You're cousin? Isn't that that Martin person that carries around that camera at those family reunions you brought me to? He's funny!" The second voice laughed as it reminisced.

"Hailey... Please shut up, I know you think he's cute an all, but PLEASE! Keep it in your pants." The first voice was now visibly annoyed.

Hailey only laughed some more and took it in stride, "Oh come on, I obviously don't think of him that way, he's too young in the first place... But he is just so cute! Still is, how old is he anyways, Glasie?

Glasie rolled her eyes and honestly replied, "When you first saw him, I think he was eleven. Though I believe he is now sixteen. Still, he really wanted this game, but he said that his parents wouldn't let him buy it as it is rated eighteen plus. Though he somehow managed to get them to let him have the game if someone bought it for him."

Hailey took the said game and surveyed it with squinting eyes, "Let's see here... So this game is called 'Rebellions'... I wonder why? And because you were the millionth buyer, you got two copies of this game?"

Glasie shrugged, "Yea, I went up to the clerk with a copy of the game and that's what he said. I went to that really popular electronics place so I guess there were a lot of people buying this game, it seems really popular too, this 'Rebellions' game. I've seen commercials and everything advertising this as the next big game in virtual reality. Also, because I was the millionth, I was given a free 'Red Set' VR player." Glasie forced a smile at the end of her words. In all honesty, she really wanted a VR player, though she didn't have nearly enough money to afford one, culinary school isn't cheap after all.

Hailey frowned mockingly, "Awwww, you're so lucky... Those VR sets are super expensive! The cheapest one doesn't even go past eight hundred dollars. Yet you get one for free! THERE IS NO JUSTICE!!!" In her mock despair, Hailey slammed her hands down on Glasie's shoulders.

Glasie laughed while pushing Hailey's hands off, "Cut out the noise, you'll scare the kids!"

"You still refer to these icky rat things as kids?"

"Hey! Sock and Kitty are not rats! They are cute and friendly ferrets!" Moped Glasie as she stroked her hand across her pet ferret, Sock, who happened to be dashing by.

Glasie loved cute animals, especially ferrets since she first saw them in a pet store when she was six. Ever since then, she pleaded and begged her parents for one, though it never came to her. And since she moved out, her first non-college splurge was on those two ferrets and various objects which one needed to take care of such an animal. Admittedly, it was an extremely stupid purchase, though Glasie never once regretted it and had come to love her pet ferrets quite a bit.

With the topic going off course even more, Hailey said, "Shouldn't those rats be bad in your place? I mean, you've got tons of decorative glassware, wouldn't they destroy them?"

Glasie picked up Kitty who was sniffing the bag which Glasie had carried the two copies of 'Rebellions' in and answered, "Nope! They only run on the floor and furniture, they, for some reason, are quite gentle around the glass. Maybe they know how much I love them and glass and play nice around the fragile glass?

Glasie also owned a collection of various glass objects. One would think that such a collection would be expensive to maintain and add to, but it was the opposite, as all the glassware she obtained was either donated or given to her, or she paid for it cheaply at various garage sales.

The two friends conversed some more about random topics until Hailey glanced at a nearby clock and suddenly looked rather frantic. "Ah! I should leave like right now. Almost twenty minutes for my job. Still, you have fun with your shiny VR system and game; I'll come over some other time. See you at school!"

As Hailey grabbed her belongings and put on her coat to brush off the strangely cold spring, Glasie snuck behind her and held Kitty at head's height in order to scare her good friend. Glasie found it immensely entertaining to scare Hailey with her pets, much to Hailey's chagrin. Hailey looked behind and freaked out for several seconds at the sight of the ferret's face at point blank range, panting heavily after. She, in good fun, menacingly pointed a finger at Glasie and left the door out of the apartment building.

"Good girl, Kitty. Ok then..." Silence then permeated the abnormally spacious apartment. The pitter-patter of the ferret's feet as it traversed between the hard floor to the carpeted areas was quite relaxing to Glasie, almost like her beloved rainy days. 

Unlike most people, Glasie adored rainy days; she didn't even when for weeks straight did it rain.

Glasie grabbed a tube of wrapping paper in and proceeded to wrap Martin's gift tightly. When she was satisfied, she moved herself to a couch and stared at the 'Red Set' VR system. All her life, Glasie had never played a single game. Sure she watched her friends and relatives play quite a few of them, and she was very interested in them as well, but she never wanted to actually play one. Her main excuse was that pushing buttons and moving analog sticks did nothing to improve upon a person's skills. Yet ever since the invention of the VR system several years ago, the gaming industry traveled straight into a cyclone of strangeness.

Companies went broke and bailed out, while some made quite the profit. The introduction of a convenient and easy to use VR system proved quite unpredictable to the economy. Though eventually, and very recently, the markets became relatively quite. At least until the introduction of the game 'Rebellions'.

Calling itself the most advanced VR game in existence, it undoubtedly turned many people's heads. The developers, who belonged to a company named 'SonataCraft', let many testers and ordinary gamers play the game for a small, but enticing, while. And their reviews of the game were astonishingly positive. It was as if every VR game created so far could be flushed down the toilet in order to make way for 'Rebellions'. It was the first working VRMMO. It had graphics that equaled reality, and a fighting system that couldn't be improved on in any way. Thus those who paid attention were obviously interested in buying the game and flocked to the game stores to camp out and buy the first copies of the game.

Even though the game had only been out for barely more than a week, more than several hundred thousand copies had been sold. And when three weeks passed, around a nine hundred thousand million copies had been sold. It was only recently that it reached one million copies sold, with Glasie apparently being the one-millionth buyer of this game. And even then, there were basically no negative comments to be had about the game. Of course there were those who insulted the game out of spite or those who were doing everything in their power to find fault in the game, but they were largely ignored.

Yet one colony of complaints originated around some of the game's features. These complaints were the loudest and were what gravitated the entire anti-VR groups to keep going. It focused on two things, first was the nudity and sex, and the other was the pain. Though courts disallowed these complaints as 'SonataCraft' made it expressly clear that the game was eighteen plus and that such features existed. They made sure that every player was warned several times over by the features in order to stop too many misunderstandings. In the game's manual, there were apparently a number of procedures one had to follow when playing the game, though few bothered to follow them.

Glasie lived in one of the largest populated cities of her country, and thus the biggest retail electronics store was finding it quite difficult to keep its shelves of 'Rebellions' stocked. Though Glasie had managed to persevere and acquire not one, but two copies of the game due to her position of being the one-millionth buyer.

As Glasie mulled the day over, she found herself somewhat aroused. Mainly due to the stress of being in such a crowded store, Glasie found herself wanting to remove the stress she acquired. Being one to hate being steady with one person at her young age, Glasie never held a steady boyfriend in her life, though she had been with several partners, of both persuasion, when it came to bed. She considered herself bi, though she also considered herself straight romantically.

Still, that wouldn't stop Glasie from the occasional masturbation session to relieve herself. And because of those needs, she bought herself a small range of toys.

Moving to her bedroom, Glasie perused her collection of toys, while rubbing her somewhat damp snatch inside her panties, and procured two items. One was a ridged, purple vibrator; the other was twenty-two centimeter hard dildo.

Placing the two toys on her bed, Glasie proceeded to remove her clothes, first was her tank top and bra and second was her jeans and panties. She pushed and teased her endowed chest, which contained a healthy C cup set pair of tits. When it came to sex appeal, Glasie knew how to pull it off, though she rarely tried and thus looked rather plain to most people's eyes.

Keeping one hand on her breasts, Glasie rolled and played with her hardening nipples. The other hand slowly snaked its way down to her pussy and tickled the tip of her clitoris. Shivering from the contact of her own fingers, Glasie moaned audibly and proceeded to stimulate herself to her first orgasm. Glasie was quite pleased with her ability to quickly come to a climax, and not a weak one, but generally an exceptionally powerful and pleasing climax.

Glasie pulled both of her nipples forward firmly and pleasurably. She rubbed circles around her areolas and squashed her bust together. She squeezed her tits tightly together, causing the nipples to rub against each other and cause the hot sensations to race towards her head. Glasie moved one of her hands back towards her pussy and proceeded to once again tease her clitoris. Though after several minutes of this attention, Glasie couldn't resist placing two of her thicker fingers at the entrance of her pussy and slowly but surely push them in.

After several cute mewls, Glasie found herself not satisfied with being gentle, and without hesitation, she thrust her fingers in as deep as possible. That did it, as her moaned wildly at her impending orgasm. Waves of pleasure throbbed around her body and up towards her brain, frying what rationality she had for the time being.

Glasie, to stifle the noise, moaned face down into a pillow and continued to thrust her fingers in and out of her wet folds at a practically exponential rate. Yet why stop there?

Utilizing her free hand, Glasie grabbed the vibrator and moved it towards the back of her butt. Continuing her rampant, though slowed down, thrusting of her fingers, Glasie rubbed the vibrator between the cheeks of her butt, she also coated the toy with the juices from her snatch. With several deeps breaths, Glasie teased and prodded the tight entrance of her butt with the tip of her purple vibrator. She removed the hand at her nether folds and placed it on the dildo, which she would take advantage of soon, in preparation. And on the count of three, Glasie abruptly shoved the vibrating toy into her ass with great jubilation.

Immediately switching it onto a medium setting, Glasie found herself unable to stay quiet and let out a long, constant moan into the pillow. She thrust the vibrator in and out of her ass several times, savoring the exceptional sensation from the vibrations. Yet Glasie didn't stop there, as she had one more toy to pleasure herself with.

Like with the vibrator, Glasie coated every centimeter of the dildo and inserted several centimeters of the toy into her pussy that was still enjoying the feeling of her fingers.

With a tight grip on both toys, Glasie forced herself into a fetal position on her bed and proceeded to thrust them both into her tight holes simultaneously. She could help but receive another rapturous orgasm from the delicious sensations. Her eyes widened and her mouth gaped open at the sudden wave of pleasure entering the depths of her clouded, erotic mind.

With the tumult of a crowd, Glasie climaxed twice more at the hands of her toys. Trying various positions that normally would have her sandwiched between two guys. She even pulled out the dildo on several occasions and lustfully tasted her own juices, savoring the sweet taste of her essence in her mouth.

Yet she eventually grew tired and found herself drifting off to a blissful sleep. Interrupting proceedings, Glasie removed the toys and wrapped them in a cloth and deposited them back into the drawer she kept them before succumbing to the allure of dreamland.

-

Two days passed, and since then, Glasie handed off the gift wrapped game to her cousin Martin's vexed parents. Though they were appreciative of the thought of their niece giving their son a gift for his birthday, they admonished the fact that it was THAT gift in particular. Still, Martin was exceptionally happy, giving his cousin a rare hug.

Glasie enjoyed the cake and time with family that she rarely found time for. In reality, she had plenty of time to visit family, though she made many excuses in order to avoid overexposure to her family. Yet when she did visit, she enjoyed her time.

Two days had passed, and Glasie had yet to find herself touching the VR system in her apartment. Two days she had spent a majority of her time staring at the system and game, curious about them in general. Two days it took before Glasie finally felt motivated to actually plug in the VR system and try out the game.

"Huh... The 'Red Set' VR system is a top of the line product with various features that we will explain here... Blah blah blah. Hmmm, I plug this here and that there and this anywhere and I'm done. Oh joy!" Declared Glasie sarcastically.

A VR system is resembles a sort of closed visor helmet that one would find in a medieval movie or renaissance fair. A carbon-fiber frame covers the majority of the head to provide protection in case of something randomly falling on your head. It has a translucent visor that connects from both sides of the frame and covers every centimeter of your vision. Several small wires with pads attached to it dangled down, which connected to a user's cheeks, those put the user into a sort of sleep before the user can actually delve into VR. Another set of smaller wires and pads attached to a person's forehead, which apparently stimulated the brain's amino acid levels or something that Glasie couldn't understand. A panel on the underside of the helmet frame was found to be able to slide off to the side, which unveiled several intimidating looking needles that barely reached a width of several hairs. This was reported to be one of the more dangerous parts of the VR system, though it was needed to transmit various sensations of all types, be it temperature, movement, sight, tastes, smells, noises, emotions, and even pain and pleasure. Though it was harmless if one put on the helmet right, and there were sensors to tell a user if they had put on the helmet on right, and it would not activate until the user did.

Glasie prided herself on the fact that she was scared of very few things, at least in the mundane world. She began to be even more curious on what she would discover in a world created from virtual reality. Just what could she find and believe in the world of 'Rebellions'.

Glasie inserted a power cell into the VR system. In order to run, a VR system needed a stable power source which could come from a power cell or an outlet, yet it was said that it be better if it had both sources. She plugged the VR system into an outlet of her bedroom. She noticed that a single power cell could last for twenty-four hours, which may not seem all that long, but was quite an exceptional amount of time due to the power needed to run a portable VR system.

Glasie perused the back of the box containing 'Rebellions.'

[Enter and explore a frightening and exciting world that can only end when your imagination runs out!]

[Feel the full weight of the sensations you feel in everyday life in the world of Rebellions!]

[Choose from three sets of races and the sub races within those: The humans! The Elves! And the Beast Races!]

[Create a character of any race that resembles you and decide what to do from that point!]

[Form groups up to seven and guilds of infinite size in order to interact with the friends or your life and the ones you make in here!]

[Fight in exciting battles that can train your reflexes and wit to mysterious levels!]

[Formulate important strategies to combat other players or creatures that require guile, deceit, and deception!]

[Enjoy a class and leveling system that allows you to take advantage of any spell or weapon combination you wish!]

[Interact with the flora and fauna of seven different continents that base off of Earth's continents!]

[After all... There really is no telling what you can find in a world that is within your mind!]

"Really... They sure know how to entice you." Admitted Glasie. She wanted even more to try out the game now that she read the basic description of the game.

Just how many different kinds of creatures could be in here? How many cute ones? Will there be any ferrets? Why is it called 'Rebellions'? Just what in the world is it that attracts everyone to this game?

These questions raced through Glasie's head, with it centered mainly on questions relating to the mystery of why is a virtual world so enticing. Still, one can't find out without at least trying it out first.

Glasie placed the VR system on her head, taking two long minutes to find a comfortable position that was deemed safe by the system for use. She lay down on the bed, with the pillow under the carbon fiber frame helmet. To keep herself warm, Glasie placed a thin sheet on her body. Assuming the required position, Glasie kept her legs straight and her arms right next to her torso.

The visor had several lights flinging around, which Glasie controlled with her eyes. Technology nowadays allowed people to controls various actions with the movements of their eyes, though it was somewhat finicky and expensive. Still, Glasie opened the window that led to the 'Rebellions' game start up. With three blinks, Glasie soon found herself falling asleep, due to the pads on her cheeks, with her eyes drifting off towards darkness.

As she fell asleep, the panel slid off to the side and painlessly inserted the thin needles into her head, bypassing the skull and effectively situating into the parts of the brain each needle was responsible for.
