 Martha steadied her shoulder against the wall, near a door. A raygun clasped in her hand. The short cop's dark hair was tied in a tight bun. She flexed her jaw while talking into her collar device. "Is everyone in position?"

"On your move," a voice replied.

Martha showed a cocky smirk. "Ready to make the biggest sex bust in history?"

"10-4."

Martha stepped back from the door. With raygun in hand, she jumped forward and front-kicked the chrome door open. It twirled off its hinges. She rushed inside with the weapon aimed. As she crossed the threshold, Plexiglas slid across the doorway. She wheeled around, banged her fist against the acrylic surface, but to no avail.

"Well, hello there," a deep, sensual voice said from behind her.

"Deviant' Dee..." Martha said through grit teeth. A spotlight pointed the cop out in the dark recesses. She slowly rotated to the circular lobby.

With a single light above his head as well, Dee sat on his throne in the middle of the grand room. He wore a black cotton robe with a crown upon his blonde pompadour. In the shadows, surrounding his throne, naked bodies squirmed on the floor on top of one another. Moans, whispers, and kisses sounded from the shadows.

"You are all under arrest for this display of sexual deviance!" Martha shouted, but no one seemed to take heed. She pointed her raygun at Dee. "Did you use your patented pheromone toxin?"

"No. These people are my followers," Dee said. "Anybody that tries it can't deny it. Sex is too beautiful to be illegal."

"It creates disease and babies that no one can take care of." Martha eased down the aisle. Her gun remained forward, but her eyes darted from side to side.

In the gloom, a man buried his head between a woman's legs. Another couple, at their side, copulated in the missionary position.

"You've never been fucked?" Dee sat up straight in his seat, squared his broad shoulders. He had a look of pity upon his face.

"We're not here to discuss my sex life, Dee," Martha growled.

Dee carried on with his analysis anyways. "I mean... really fucked?" he asked. "No virtual helmets. No bodysuits. No SexWorld, no robots. I mean really, grunting, squirting, fucked."

"No." Martha continued forward. Her brows arched over a forbidding glare. "Filthy. I wouldn't e—"

"Oh, stop it. Don't act so prudish," Dee said. "Enemies know enemies well. Just like you spy on me, learn my habits, I do the same with you."

"What are you talking about?" Martha asked.

"SexWorld..."

Martha slowed her steps, relaxed her stance a bit.

"That's right. I know you go to that sex amusement park." Dee smirked. "I wonder what fantasies you're working out in there. Robots or not, at least you're fuckin. It's unhealthy to keep it all bottled up, especially being on the police forc—"

"Enough!" Martha demanded silence.

"And by happenstance," Dee continued right along, "it's always before a confrontation, a bust."

Martha's gaze sharpened on her nemesis, nostrils flared.

"Does the adrenaline rush get you excited?" Dee asked. "That's a dumb question. Of course it does."

"I said, 'that's enough!" Martha hollered, her voice reverberated off the circular walls. "Put your hands in the air."

"I don't think I will." Dee licked his lips, as though becoming aroused by the moment.

Martha made it within arms reach. She circled Dee with raygun aimed.

Dee followed the short brooding cop with his eyes. "Why all the violence when we can make love?"

"I'm not here to make love," Martha said with a strong tone. "Now get up!"

"I know what you want." Dee stood from his throne. He was a beast of a man, towering over the short cop. He lifted his hands in the air. "You want a good hate fuck."

Martha shot Dee an evil eye before holstering her gun. She took Dee by the wrists, spun him around, and kicked his knees out. "Your hound-dog species is almost extinct. We're neutering, you pups."

"Your feminist bullshit ain't changing nothing. The laws might change, but that doesn't change a man's nature," Dee confidently said. He fitted his fingers behind his head, going right along with Martha's protocol. "Deep inside each male is an animal, a feral beast that divides and conquers if woken. During war, during sex. You need that animal—"

Martha gave him a shove. She grabbed both of his wrists and jerked them behind his back.

"Ahhh... it seems you have that animal in you too," Dee said from his knees. He whistled. "Terry. Navi."

Two nude figures, balding man and sun-kissed woman, rushed out from the dark recesses and restrained Martha. Terry ripped the gun from her holster while Navi worked with the buckle of her jeans. Martha showed resistance. She squirmed, kicked. Terry restrained her arms. Navi untied Martha's combat boots. She removed them along with her white socks. Martha kicked at Navi, but Navi caught Martha's ankle with swift reflexes. Navi grabbed the waistband of Martha's jeans, band of her panties, and yanked them off. Martha crossed her legs tightly in an attempt to hold them on, but the fabric slipped through the space, leaving her round backside bare to the room.

"Bada-bing." Dee bit his bottom lip at the sight.

Martha growled. She planted her barefoot on the ground and tugged against Terry's hold. He kicked her knees out from under her, pinned her belly-down to the cool tile floor. Her humble round breasts, large dark areolas, squished against the surface. Martha wriggled, growled, as the nude couple pulled her shirt off and unfastened the black bra. Once completely naked, they picked her to her knees again.

"Look at this..." Dee circled Martha, leering, while kicking her scattered clothes aside.

Martha scowled. Whispers sounded around her, so she whipped her head to each side of the room. Her naked body had never been seen by another person, much less a whole room of people. Her face became red with embarrassment.

The orgy came to a halt. Naked bodies gathered at the periphery of the light. Their eyes appeared to pop out from the darkness.

With all eyes on her lewd, vulnerable position, Martha hung her head. Butterflies fluttered in her stomach. Chill-bumps swarmed her skin, making her dark nipples steely stiff.

"Oh yessss...." Dee crouched behind Martha. He grazed his fingertips over the soft sole of Martha's foot. The cop wiggled her toes, clenched them, warding away the tickle. Dee breathed upon her neck. "For someone with authority, someone who commands the day, for someone like you, you want to feel vulnerable."

"Fu—" Martha started to speak.

Dee spanked her plump ass, squeezed it in his palm. Martha jolted forward, but Dee held on to her shoulder. He snatched Martha's raven hair, jerked her head back. The villain's other hand slithered around Martha's waist. His fingers combed through the cop's black landing strip.

"You think you're gonna get away with this?" Martha glared at the ceiling, hair still being yanked back. As Dee's fingers inched closer to her clit, Martha squeezed her thighs together, trapping Dee's hand.

"I'm not the enemy..." Dee planted kisses down Martha's shoulder. He withdrew his hand from the officer's crotch and squeezed Martha's breasts instead. He flicked her tight nipples before releasing her hair. "...I'm the liberator."

"Then let me go!" Martha said.

"Ironically, that's part of your liberation." Dee undid his black robe. The flaps opened to a muscular physique: bulging biceps, big chest, and abs on top of abs. His cock was thick, long, veiny. The hog hung down his thigh. The robe crumpled to his feet. He stepped out of it and once again knelt behind Martha.

People from the shadows ooo'd and aah'd. An excitable energy swept through the room at the tough cop's degradation.

Martha lifted her chin in the air, trying to exude confidence as Dee nibbled on her earlobe.

A hologram appeared from both armrests of the throne. The picture showed a green vapor rising from the sewers, filling the streets of Gothropolis. "Do as I say," Dee said into Martha's ear, "or I'll release my pheromone toxin. The city will be sex crazed. It'll turn into a madhouse."

Martha's face turned to stone.

"Like I thought..." Dee stood back up. He eyed the audience, opened his arms wide. "I have given you all the forgotten gift. I have given you health, pleasure, and creation with one beautiful act."

Martha hung her head. Mind raced.

"I have given you sex, and I should be praised for that." Dee looked down upon his rival. "Now! We'll start today's lesson with a blowjob."

Martha slowly glanced up with a cold, dead stare. She vehemently shook her head. "Fuck! You!"

"Terry, bring me my detonator." Dee's eyes lingered on Martha as Terry handed him a small metallic device. He placed his thumb to the red button. "Don't dare me."

Martha became antsy. Anger boiled to the point of explosion.

"So, what will it be?" Dee rotated his hips, turning his huge cock into a helicopter propeller.

Martha took notice of the faces in the shadows. She then glared up at Dee while leaning forward. She bent all the way over. Her breath tickled Dee's pubes. With clenched teeth, she pecked Dee's purple tip.

"No, no. We're all about love here." Dee pushed his erection back in her face. "Kiss it like a lover."

Martha fumed but went right along. She leaned forward, hesitated once again. With a sigh, she planted tiny kisses down the thick shaft.

"Suck it," Dee coached.

Martha cursed under her breath before diving back down. She handled his base and took Dee's head in her mouth. She sucked, bobbed, and then licked up the underbelly.

"Mm! That's it." Dee caressed Martha's head as she worked. He forcefully shoved his cock deeper causing the cop to choke, drool. He pulled away and circled Martha, his fingertips grazing over the defeated officer's bare shoulders. He snapped his fingers.

Navi hurried out with leash in hand, clamped it to Martha's neck, before rejoining the darkness.

With chain in hand, Dee walked Martha around the lit lobby like a show puppy, letting everyone get a close look at his new pet.

Martha kept her head down, avoiding the faces in the crowd. She crawled on hands and knees, shamed to the furthest degree. Dee clenched Martha's dark hair in his fist and jerked her head up, which got a growl out of the cop. Fire danced from Martha's pupils. Her brows arched, eyes filled with rage. She degradingly crawled around the tile floor. After making two wide circles, Dee finally stopped her. She remained in position, on all-fours, with her head hanging low.

"You'll love this." Dee knelt behind Martha and squeezed the cop's hips. He pressed his tip against the outside of Martha's wet vulva, causing her to flinch. "Oo!" he joked, "You do like it."

Martha vacantly gazed into the shadowy faces, her expression teetering between fury and surprise. "You-oo will pay."

"I should be charging you." Dee entered the cop's tight pink pussy.

Getting fucked in front of a room of people flushed Martha's face. She dominated her world, dominated as a cop cleaning up the streets. She was in charge. She dictated the positions. But now, she found herself helpless. Dee pinned Martha belly-down, his hips continuing the constant motion. Martha squirmed, grumbled with a hint of pleasure. As Dee picked up the pace, Martha lifted her petite feet off the floor, pointed her toes, and expelled a loud groan.

"She's loving it," Dee said breathlessly.

"Ooooooo... you—Uh!—sonuva!" Although she'd never admit it, Martha warmed to the act; her body gave away her posturing. She tensed, squinted her eyes. She gasped for air, as though drowning in the orgasm.

Dee gave Martha no room to breathe. His thrust was persistent. The force sent ripples through Martha's apple bottom.

Martha ground her teeth and hoped to compose herself. It didn't work. She expelled rapid breaths, each with a slight whimper on the end.

Dee picked Martha's lower-half off the floor and stretched her out in the air like a caught fish. With his arms around her thighs, keeping the cop in place, he pounded Martha's body.

Martha fought with him, trying to get free. However, she had no choice but to be shamefully rag-dolled. Her feet flailed in the air while being hammered from behind. She forced her lips into a tight line, holding in the pleasure. She hummed softly at first. Her toned abs contracted. Her knees locked, toes stretched. She tensed, grunted, "Mmmm-gghhh!"

"Make those noises, bae-bae. Live in the orgasmic bliss." Dee cheered Martha on with a quiver in his tone.

The crowd followed them in with pleasure-filled groans.

"Gee-gee-gghhh!" Martha didn't know why she made that noise. It just came out. She was losing control of her actions. An intense itch at her center caused her legs to shake in the air. She twirled her ankles and curled her toes. "Uh! Ggghh! Just wait till nex-ext time," Martha warned breathlessly.

"Oh yeah?" The threat fueled Dee's pace. His hips sped up, banging Martha away.

"Mm-ggh!" Martha's body locked up. The pleasure was overpowering, almost too unbearable to speak. She strained. Veins appeared in her neck, forehead. Her face puckered: brows wrinkled, eyes closed, and jaw clenched. Her legs stiffened in the air once again. Breasts bounced. She glared out into the crowd with a lost gaze.

"Whose girl are you?" Faster and faster, Dee thrust into Martha's swollen, wet pussy. Under the light, their perspiring skin shimmered. Their bodies clapped together. "Huh? Whose girl?"

A tickle ran from the soles of Martha's feet, up her leg, and exploded in her center. She bucked. "I'm-your—" Martha clenched her feet again, wrinkling her soles. Her face goofily twisted. "Eee-ee!—Ah! Ah! I'm yours. I'm yours... Ggghhh!"

"Martha?" a voice called out.

Martha heard the voice but it took a minute to gather her senses. She blinked, wagged her head, and turned to the left. "Rock?"

Her partner walked out from the shadows with a puzzled expression. "What's goin—"

"Turn around!" Martha ordered. She glanced over her shoulder to Dee. "Freeze all motor functions."

Dee, and the room of naked bodies, all froze.

Martha scurried to collect her clothes. "What are you doing here?"

"They located what park you were at," Rock said over his shoulder.

"Why?" Martha growled, embarrassed by her partner's discovery of her dirty fantasy. She slipped her jeans back on, shirt. "It better be fuckin' important."

"Well..." Rock motioned his head to the robot version of Dee. "...the real 'Deviant' Dee has threatened to release his pheromones into the streets of Gothropolis unless you, personally, deliver twenty million dollars."

Martha didn't reply. She pulled her socks on, tied her boots.

"You had SexWorld make a fake copy of—"

"What I do here is none of your concern." Martha looked to her partner with a game face. "Now, let's take Dee down."