 This story contains incest, futa, hyper expansion, inflation, transformation, and mind wiping. Everyone mentioned is either 18 or older.

*****

The world had no idea it was about to get fucked.

A mad scientist had been working for the past decade trying to perfect his research. If he succeeded, the whole world would be in the palm of his hand. Day and night he worked until he couldn't keep his eyes open any longer. And after ten years, he did it. And then died. The scientist had found himself in the hospital more times than he could remember due to overworking himself. But now he took it too far and his body couldn't hack it. Before he succumbed to his illness, he tried sending what he had worked on, a computer program, to one of his colleagues, hoping that they'll put it to use. But his shaking hand caused the computer mouse to tremble violently and accidentally sent it to one of his nieces. His blood ran cold, and then it stopped running. He couldn't believe he would screw up something so important. And now there was nothing he could do about it.

It's Saturday morning, and Molly Bale was lying down on her bed, laptop open, and jacking off to shemale porn while pinching one of her nipples with the door closed. Yes, Molly herself is a bonafide natural shemale, or futa as she prefers it. Her parents weren't quite sure how to raise her at first, what clothes would be acceptable, how to help her through puberty, etc. But they found it to be not as difficult as they thought as Molly acted and behaved like a normal girl, just with an extra appendage and balls to go with it. And now, at 18 years old and standing at five-foot ten-inches, she has blossomed to be a beautiful girl with full D cup breasts, long wavy brown hair, deep blue eyes, lightly tanned skin, and legs that go for miles. What nobody other than her parents, her older sister, and any sexual partners she had knew about was her extra set of genitalia.

As Molly was getting close to cumming, a notification popped up on her laptop screen effectively blocking the action. Naturally Molly was miffed about it but then noticed it was from her Uncle Percy. She thought it odd that she would get something from him as he was pretty distant from his family, even immediate family.

"What the hell?" She muttered as she clicked on the notification and what looked like a new window popped up. But it was no window, but instead a program appeared with what looks like a giant text box and a title at the top that reads "reality_warp.exe".

"Reality warp?" Molly questioned skeptically. "Has Uncle Perc really been working on something like this?"

Despite her initial disbelief, Molly did seem curious about it, and decided to humor her uncle and try it out. But what to do? Immediately her thoughts went to sex, but then decided against it just in case this was real.

Something Molly managed to keep secret from her family is her crazy sexual urges and attempts. She didn't know if her extra set of genitalia brought about some out of control urges, or if she was just naturally promiscuous and her cock and balls are just coincidental. All she knew is that by now, she has lost both her vaginal and dick virginities and she knew she needed more.

Molly tried to think of something to type in other than anything sexual, but her desires got the better of her, and decided to type in the text box "Molly Jane Bale has G cup breasts". She wanted to start relatively small and then hit "enter".

Molly wasn't sure what to think and didn't know if such a thing was possible and if she would even be aware of such a thing. But after two seconds of waiting, she felt an odd buzzing in the back of her head that caused her to close her eyes and wince. When she opened her eyes, she looked downward and noticed that her breasts had ballooned outward from her usual D cup all the way to G cup. Just like she wrote.

"Holy shit." Molly said hoarsely under her breath in shock. "It actually works." She raised her hands and grasped her breasts and felt the fullness and roundness of them. And what struck her as odd was that it felt totally natural. Like her breasts had always been like this. That gave her an idea.

Molly placed her laptop to the side, put on her clothes, which she noticed had also changed, most likely to accommodate her new figure, and went out into the living room where she saw her mother Joan, and older sister Kate. 

Joan was an average looking mom at best. At 45 years old, her medium length brown hair had started to take on a silvery look and her eyes had started to dim too. Once they were a bright blue, now they seemed like just a regular crayon box blue. Her figure was also starting to show wear and tear. C cup breasts that showed signs of sagging just a bit and her lips didn't seem as full as they once were. Her height seemed to be just fine at five-foot eight-inches, but her skin was pale from having to spend most of her time at home and work. But regardless of her situation, Joan was always ready to be the best mom she could be.

Kate on the other hand was a knockout. Only one year older than Molly and yet she looked like someone in their mid-twenties with a body to be proud of. Breasts slightly bigger than Molly's bordering on E cup, an inch taller than Molly, and short red hair and deep green eyes, both of which she got from dad. She was the neighborhood's sex symbol and she knew it. Especially since she lost her virginity the year prior shortly after she turned 18. She acted like a typical older sister to Molly, teasing her, acting high and mighty, but that was just for show. She genuinely loves and cares for her little sister and the rest of her family.

Molly approached them and said "Hey guys. Weird question, do I look different to you?" To try and emphasize her point, she used her arms to lightly press out her now swollen boobs.

"Hey to you too," Kate replied. "And what do you mean by different?"

"Well you know, has anything changed like have I grown, or have something on me that looks weird. Stuff like that."

"Hmm no, no you don't like any different than when we saw you yesterday," Joan said. "Why, did you change?"

"Oh, well then I guess it's nothing to worry about," Molly replied with a twinge of excitement in her voice. "Sorry for asking, I guess I just felt weird for no reason."

Kate asked "You sure? Cuz I can. . ."

"Don't worry about it gotta check on something bye!" Molly said interrupting Kate as she rushed back to her room, leaving the other two dumbstruck.

"Holy shit." Molly muttered after she closed the door. "They don't suspect a thing. Is this what Uncle Percy has been working on?" She felt a wide smile appear on her face as she realized the possibilities. And the best part is she'd be able to get away with anything. She didn't even stop to think about why her distant uncle would give her of all people such a powerful tool. A tool she told herself that would help her live her wildest fantasies with no cost.

She picked up the laptop with the program still active and began thinking of what she could do first. She moved her hand to take care of an itch on her body, but then had to move it to accommodate for the shirt that was in her way. That was when she got her first idea for what to type in. She hurriedly typed in "all clothes are erased from existence". Enter. After waiting two seconds, she felt a buzz in the back of her head like last time. She winced again as she was not used to it, but then felt nothing on her body. Her clothes had completely disappeared. And just to make sure, she went over to her closet. Nothing. With a big smile, she went back out to the living room with laptop in hand and very nude with everything on display and got a very pleasant surprise. Neither Joan nor Kate were wearing clothes, and neither seemed to notice or care.

"Hey Moll," Kate called out after noticing Molly standing in the hall using her nickname for her. "You feeling all right?"

"Yeah, in fact, better than all right. Don't need to worry about me." Molly said as she sat down on one of the chairs.

Joan and Kate decided not to press the issue any farther and left Molly back to her own devices. Or rather, her device.

Molly was excited, here she was totally naked and so were her family. But then she wondered if it was just her and those around her. Fortunately her mom and sister were watching the news and saw something that really got her excited. The people on the screen had no clothes on too. No suits, no ties, no anything. This proved to Molly that the entire world is affected by what she typed. And she couldn't get enough of it.

Before Molly could type in anything else, she got a good look at her present family. As someone who couldn't care less who she had sex with, she would also fantasize about her family too. She would imagine bending her mom over and taking her from behind, her sister riding her while talking dirty, her dad fucking her pussy aggressively on the bed, and even as an orgy between all four of them. Seeing Joan and Kate like that and thinking of those things made her pussy wet and cock hard. But then she realized that even though nudity is the new norm, incest still wasn't. Instead of trying to get her more noticeable cock to calm down and deflate, she began typing in the program. "Sex of all kinds no matter how taboo, both at home and in public is okay, encouraged, and practiced." But before she hit "enter", she thought of something else and decided to add it at to the first command. "Masturbation, both at home and in public is okay, encouraged, and practiced." Enter.

Two seconds passed, and then a familiar buzz. 

Molly managed to keep her eyes open, and it's a good thing she did. Right away she saw Kate plunge three fingers into her pussy and threw the other hand up to one of her breasts. And then, to Molly's amazement and delight, Joan walked over to Kate, sat down next to her, and began making out with her while fondling Kate's other boob and fingering her own pussy. Molly loved watching this and felt her cock start to hurt a little from the pressure of excitement built up. She then got an absolutely crazy idea. "Molly Jane Bale's cock is three feet long and one foot wide when hard, natural length and width when soft, and each testicle is eight inches in diameter. No discomfort. Sex with Molly will not hurt nor damage the body." Enter. Molly knew her latest entry was ridiculous. It was absurd, impractical, and downright silly. But she didn't care.

Two seconds pass. Buzz.

Molly didn't even need to look down to see her newfound cock and balls were massive, and she loved it.

Before either Joan or Kate did anything else, Molly typed something else in. She just had too many ideas to pile on top of each other. But instead of changing herself, she's going to change her mom and sister. "Joan Sandra Bale has the body and voice of a seductress in her mid-twenties with G cup breasts. Katherine Gwendolyn Bale has H cup breasts and a long skilled tongue." Enter. Molly wanted to get a little freaky with Kate and wanted to restore her mom's youth and appeal since she knew that it did weigh on Joan's mind, she was just good at hiding it from her daughters. But clearly, not good enough.

Two seconds pass, buzz.

Molly noticed that by now, Joan and Kate had been reduced to moaning messes on the floor, but then Joan's and Kate's bodies changed. Joan looked much younger and infinitely more sexier while both her and Kate's breasts rapidly expanded outward without either of their knowledge.

Joan broke the kiss from Kate, looked at Molly with nothing but lust in the eyes of what looked like a total sex goddess, and said in the sultriest voice Molly ever heard while shaking her hips seductively, "Oh Molly baby, please fuck me. You know how much I love your gigantic cock in my pussy. Mmm yes, I want you to fuck mommy's pussy so badly."

That was what broke Molly. She placed the laptop aside and leapt up and nearly ran to Joan expecting to trip and fall due to the added weight of her cock and balls. But just like what she found when her breasts grew in size, her now monstrous package felt totally natural and had no probably moving around with it.

Molly couldn't even reach out to grab Joan's ass to hold her steady without already shoving her now gargantuan cock into her mom's wet and needy pussy. Molly had never heard a more slutty moan come from anyone, either in real life or in one of her pornos, as she plunged in about half of her cock inside Joan. 

"Oh yes baby! Oh fuck! Just like that baby. Fuck my brains out." Molly didn't need to be told anything else. She could now grab on to Joan, taking in the feeling of her now more youthful and delectable ass, and began working the rest of her inside her mom.

As Molly kept pushing in to the delight and pleasure of her mom, she noticed that it looked like Joan was being lifted up off Kate who was still pinned underneath her. Molly knew that it was because of her monster cock filling up Joan. It's a good thing no one now can get hurt and can really take a pounding and stretching Molly thought to herself.

Kate couldn't do nothing as she was watching this sexy as all Hell scene right in front of her. She pulled Joan's pleasure induced face down to her and began making out with her. While doing that, she moved a hand to hold on to one of Joan's massive tits and began playing with it. This spurred Molly on to do better. And what really got her excited was that both Joan and Kate truly believed that what they are seeing and doing right now has been a natural occurrence their whole lives.

Molly picked up the pace, and without warning, slammed into Joan one last time and let out a torrent of cum inside her needy pussy. Joan broke the make out session from Kate to let out a satisfied and deeply erotic moan, both from being filled up and from also cumming, at the same time as Molly who let out a similar sounding moan mixed with shock and bliss. She had never let out this much cum before and she had never had it rush out before at the speed it was coming out as. After just a second, Joan started to inflate from all the cum that was rushing in. Hardly any of it got out thanks to Molly's cock acting as a plug to keep it all in. As Molly kept cumming, she saw that Joan was quickly getting bigger and bigger. And by the end of her minute long cum outage, Joan looked like she was ready to give birth to triplets.

Molly finally pulled out, and when she did, cum started pouring out of Joan's womb, Joan rolled off Kate as not to squish her with her tongue hanging out and a dazed lustful look was plastered on her face, and Molly had never felt more satisfied and ecstatic in her life. She had just fucked and cum in her own mom. But then she realized something and went back to the laptop with shaky legs.

"Hey come back," Kate cried out. "You didn't do me yet."

"Just a sec, Kate." Molly typed in rather quickly, "incest babies will come out like normal, healthy babies." Enter. She saw her mom's swollen belly and thought that if incest was going to be part of the norm now, then everyone would be better off if incest children were just the same as every other child.

Something else she wanted to type, "Molly Jane Bale is capable of ejaculating as many times as she wants every day." Enter. As she was typing, she felt a buzz signaling the first change had taken place, and then waited two seconds after she was done with this one and felt another buzz. Her cock had felt like it could go another round or two, but now felt completely reenergized and could stay that way forever. "Okay Kate, I'm coming."

Kate pulled her legs apart while still lying down on the floor and revealed to Molly her soaked pussy.

"Here you go baby sister, all for you." Kate licked her lips with her newly stretched out tongue and that was all Molly needed to shove a little more than two-thirds of her cock inside her older sister. Kate cried out in pleasure and joy as she had become one with her sibling, and said sibling was thrusting in and out without mercy trying to get all three feet of meat inside.

After a couple of thrusts, Molly made it all the way in and got a good view of Kate's deformed body. But Kate wasn't hurt by it and began stroking her stomach which affected Molly's cock. In fact, Kate was even looking at the deformation as it was the most beautiful and sexiest thing ever.

Molly began plowing her sister again as she leaned forward and caught her in a hot and sensual kiss. Kate eagerly kissed back and wasted no time in using her long tongue. Molly shivered in excitement as she felt Kate's tongue invade her mouth and essentially manipulate her tongue into whatever Kate wants. All the while both are moaning like bitches in heat as they consummated like never before. And while they were fucking, Joan regained her composure, turned her head towards her beautiful daughters, and began masturbating thinking about how beautiful and sexy they've grown up to be. Fucking each other like the sex fiends she knew they were.

Molly began moving faster as Kate was now playing with Molly's tits while still having her way with her tongue. It wasn't long before Molly roughly slammed her cock inside Kate and began cumming at the same rate and volume as when she came inside Joan. And just like before, Kate's belly extended out to look like she was ready to give birth to multiple babies. Kate was the one to break the kiss and looked at Molly with a look of total love and lust combined in one. In her eyes, Molly may well have been her sex crazed wife.

"That. . . Was. . . The best." Kate managed to say while catching her breath.

"It was, wasn't it?" Molly replied also out of breath.

They both heard moaning coming from right next to them and saw Joan fingering her pussy and groping one of massive breasts while looking at them. No one said anything as Molly and Kate laid down on either side of Joan and began helping her out. They massaged her thighs, cupped her still leaking pussy, pinched her nipples, and kissed her all over with the both of them either taking turns kissing her on the lips or initiating a three way kiss. For the next five minutes, it was just all of them unwinding and enjoying each other's bodies.

But Molly wanted more. Now that she's gotten a taste of this, she didn't want to stop. And her opportunity came when she heard her dad's car pull up in the driveway. Reluctantly she pulled herself away from the sensual cuddling and moved over to the laptop. But now what to type? Incest was encouraged and even performed so there's no doubt that her dad, James would fuck all of them once he got in. But Molly wondered if anything else could be done to him.

But then Molly thought of something. She loved fucking both Joan and Kate, but she also loves getting fucked. But Molly realized that despite loving cock as well as pussy, she was more physically attracted to women. This gave her an idea. As she heard her dad walking up to the door, she typed, "all men, both living and will be, are hyper endowed futanaris. Sex with them does not hurt nor damage the body." Enter. As she hit "enter", she then realized that "futanari" may not be taken and instead should have gone for something more official sounding like hermaphrodite. The lock was undone and the door started to open. But just as the door began moving, Molly felt a buzz in the back of her head. And standing at the door was not the man Molly knew as her dad, but instead a gorgeous woman with long, lightly grayed out red hair, massive J cup breasts, and what looked like a four-and-a-half foot long, two foot wide erect cock, and two balls the size of basketballs entered the house.

"Hunnies, I'm home." The tall, six-foot-one women said in a sultry voice despite coming out of a 46 year old body. Molly's heart immediately started pounding in excitement and lust.
