 Cycle 234

So that's it then. The lights are coming on and it is cycle 234. That's poetic. 2-3-4. Why not? 

As I sit up and lower my feet to the floor, the door slides open. 

I am pretty sure this is cycle 234 for me. I have no way to count other than my mind, and my mind is probably trustworthy but it is difficult to tell sometimes. -But what am I doing? This is my last cycle. I won't recite my story today. 

I can tell the interval is about up. I don't know how I can tell but after so many cycles I just can. I step into the doorway and stretch and the interval changes and I step into line. I am determined to try to enjoy my last trip to the function station. Determined this cycle is the one. I have no plans to freak out, just to walk away from the function station toward where I am pretty sure the door will open. 

It takes 10 intervals to get to the function station chamber. I climb in just like that first time except with the sure hands and moves of a man that has climbed in and out almost a thousand times. My toes fit into the sockets and heels rock back into the molds. 

I position my anus over the plug and press down gently and my anus accepts it without question, locking around the base. My scrotum slips naturally into the scrotum pouch and my penis without looking or even touching it into the penis tube. 

Arms thrust forward into the armholes and I put my mouth over the mouth rest. The door whisks shut and I am sealed yet again into the function machine. 

The tube slides familiarly into my penis as it has hundreds of times before and hundreds of times per cycle on an untold number of guys, probably millions of times into the penises of other guys for all I knew. It doesn't matter. 

The tube pressed through to my bladder and did the emptying for me. I hadn't taken a leak by myself in the better part of a year. Then the orgasm started. My body was a total traitor when it came to this machine. It sometimes started twitching in my penis and rectum before I was even in the room with it. My body KNEW when cum-time was. I was always rock hard before ever stepping into the function station room. My penis had even grown. I estimated it had grown by about 30 percent and was never more than semi flaccid. 

The contractions began in my ass and cock and I started orgasming right away. I came and came and came until there was no more, as usual, and my orgasmic muscles were too fatigued to continue. The penis tube finished up and slipped out and the plug told my rectum to get busy. I think my rectum would have anyway, being trained like it was, but it responded and blew out everything that could have possibly been in there. 

Then the familiar eel came slithering up my rectum and cleared out anything that could possibly have been left over and I was done. 

I stepped out of the chamber feeling tired of it yet invigorated. I stepped out and knew that I was going to go through with it for good or ill. I stepped, paused, and walked toward the wall where the door was going to open. 

Only it didn't. I looked at the wall and glanced back at the line and the guys looked back at me. Even the guy that was supposed to get into the chamber was dawdling to watch. He was climbing in, but watching me. I didn't know what to do. The chamber closed on the guy and the process started on him but I was standing there feeling stupid. I chuckled a little and so did the guys in line!

I croaked, "Freak out, freak out, freak out!" half-heartedly, with an unused voice, waving my arms, gesticulating wildly.

The guys in line snickered but cut off as the door opened pretty much where I originally thought it would. Beyond it was a hallway, like all the other hallways, except it wasn't. 

Everything looked familiar in this hall. My senses were on high alert and I was a little shaky. What will be different is just around the corner. Every hall always has a turn at either end and there is something in a room after that turn. Walking through the doorway the door closed behind me as I knew it would. Everything will change now. 

I reached the corner and slowed down. I'm not going to leap into anything. This is going to involve some discrete peeking. Whoever or whatever, knows I'm here and they/it have every advantage except one, I don't have to run headlong into their plans by wildly disregarding myself or caution.

A brief and minute pop of my eye around the corner had my heart pounding and adrenaline pumping harder but it was anticlimactic. It was just another hallway. Longer this time. I poke my head around the corner and stare at the furthest distance I have seen in a long time. The hallway is probably 5 times longer than any hall I have seen for 233 cycles.

It is hard to reckon the distance. I suspect it is about 50 meters but it looks like forever. The end of the hall either just ends or perhaps there is another corridor to the left or right. Nothing for it but to start walking. I walk down the middle of the metal floor, between the drains that I have never seen anything in. 

I walk quietly to the far end, listening. There is nothing. As I near the middle of the hallway I notice it does not look like there is a turn. It looks like a dead end. But wait. There is a door in the end of the hall. I have only seen that once before. When a guy lost it. 

Approaching the end of the hall, I know the door will open when I arrive. Steeling myself for it, and at the same time, knowing I will be totally unprepared for whatever is behind it. Just a few steps to go. And...Whish.

The doors open and there is a room, and standing in the middle of the room is a WOMAN wearing a form-fitting, white cocktail type dress. Her skin is very pale. She has short blond hair shwooshed over to one side. She is young. Maybe in her late teens or early 20's. The cocktail dress clings to her figure. Held up by it. She has a hint of a smile and is looking me directly in the eyes. Her breasts and hips are well-proportioned and she is very athletic looking. Upon meeting her gaze, her face breaks into a smile flashing perfect teeth. 

"Welcome." She says and holds out her hands as if I am to come in and take her hands. 

I pause. Her smile, her face, her body, even the hand gesture is perfectly balanced. She has no fingernails either. And everything on her is appears exactly symmetrical. Her smile is infectious and I feel myself smiling and somewhat aroused. I have not seen a woman in a long time!

"Uh, thanks." I stammer with an unused voice and step into the room. 

She was stepping forward, hands still outstretched and taking my hands in hers. I realize for the first time in a long time what it means to be naked. Her face is not far from my completely naked genitals as she grasps my hands but the act of grasping my hands disarms me. My hands didn't respond to commands they never received from my brain.

I can't cover myself without jerking my hands away. She lifts my hands up and holds them together and squeezes them warmly, her touch invigorating me from head to toe. I felt afraid that the residue on my skin would sully her hands. She was clean. I was like a freshly minted plastic toy, covered in manufacturing release agent. She ignored it. Like she expected it and didnt' care.

Her face was completely hairless. Her hands and arms too. All women have a light peach-fuzz at the very least. She does not. Before I can wonder more, she speaks again, still holding my hands.

"You are expected. Come with me." she says gently. 

"Uh-ahem-oh-kay."

She lets go of my left hand and steps to my right and gently guides me forward. I walk. Without stopping. Without interval. I can't stop staring at her and it dawns on me that she smells like flowers. It's faint but it's there. 

Walking forward toward the other side of the room I can see there is a doorway there. 

"Uh. Ahem." I started and then with throat clear. "Uh. I'm naked."

Her beaming face looks over at me and her smile widens. 

"I know." She says, as if my lack of clothing is the most wonderful thing in the world. Still smiling. 

We keep stepping forward and it is a struggle to take my eyes off her to look where we are going. She is still looking up at me though and her gaze is somehow special. Having had nobody's attention in what seems like forever, having just a little from a woman I don't even know is euphoric. She is remarkably beautiful and I don't think it is just my lack of contact with other people that makes me think that. She is extremely well put together. 

We reach the doors, and as anticipated, they open. 

I gasp. I nearly sat down, my knees took turns giving up on me and I staggered. She tried and hand some success steadying me. 

Before us a lush garden of giant tropical plants, beautifully landscaped. The aroma of green growing things assaulted my nose and the humid air poured through the doorway like a bath. Breathing in I could TASTE plants in the air. And there is sunlight, visible through the canopy. 

My heart is beating through my chest and I notice the woman is still holding my hand and looking at me. She speaks. 

"You need a break."

I stare at her still smiling face. The white dress does nothing for her. It's all wrong for her skin tone. Where did that stupid thought come from? She's a woman! Who cares? She pulls me, guides me through the doorway. 

"Y-yes. I need a br..." My voice trails off as I step onto dirt. Not a metal floor. Not even a concrete walk or a stone walkway but slightly moist, black dirt. 

I immediately notice she is barefoot like me. Neither of us has toenails. They just aren't there, like they never were. My feet still look odd to me but next to her smaller, well-formed feet, they start to look normal. 

Her white feet contrast with the black dirt just like mine and there are no footprints in it but ours. As we step into the garden, or jungle, the door slips closed behind us and I look back to get my bearings. There behind me is a metal door in a large landscaped dirt mound. 

"W-where am I?" I say. 

"In the garden." She says, still smiling. 

Looking at her intently, her beautiful face and big, wide-set blue eyes gazing up at me it is hard to address her. Just looking at her is like standing in the bright sunshine which is so nearby. 

"I have some questions." I preface. 

"I know. I will answer them." She says. 

Where to start? Looking off into the garden, I hear birds and water. I heard them when the doors first opened but they didn't register. 

"Where am I?"

"You are on Galdon 2 in the Vognar solar system. It means nothing to Earth astronomers but there it is. The words Galdon and Vognar are made up words that English-speaking Earth residents might use if they were aware of the presence of these things, nothing more. The phonetics bear a similarity to the language of origin but do not translate. The translation would use words similar to 'green-eyed angel number two' and 'war', respectively. We are many light years by Earth way of reckoning from it."

Whaaa? My mind dismissed it before reconsidering her words all before she even finished. I was overcome with the feeling that a camera crew would jump out of the bushes at any minute. Supposing it was a pack of lies, it was unlikely I would get the truth for any other questions, but supposing it was truth, it couldn't hurt to hear answers to at least a few of my other questions. It was a lot to bite off and chew. She could see my consternation as we stood there on the dirt in the beautiful tropical shade. 

"How did I get here?" My voice still a little gravely. 

Looking sympathetic. She smiled but her eyebrows furrowed. 

"The questions you ask are expected. May I?"

Not knowing what to say to that, I shrug. She turns toward the pristine dirt path and guides me, still holding my hand in her gentle but firm grasp. She holds my hand in a very familiar way, from behind mine, as if we were lovers. We walk among the giant leaves, almost completely shaded except for a few rays of sunshine that penetrate to bombard my pale skin. 

"Technology of beings other than humans is different or the same, advanced or nearly non-existent. You were 'teleported' here from Earth. One moment you were alone on Earth, outside, and then next you were here. The teleportation process has certain advantages for making changes to things it teleports. It is an important part of the technology that has innumerable uses on objects animate and inanimate."

"For instance, on Earth, things must be built by a method using manufactured parts and then assembled. Using teleportation, parts can be teleportation manufactured from billet stock or ores to exact specifications down to atomic measures for dimension. Those parts aren't just manufactured and then assembled, they are manufactured by teleportation into their assembled state, as long as the raw materials are found. A 'ship in a bottle' so to speak is brought into existence instead of painstakingly constructed."

"Your hair was 'left out' of your reconstructed body. Some other things were left out too. You had a small malignant tumor in your lung, and three filings in teeth which are now more or less whole. You had a dormant virus which had the potential to cause problems in time. These things are common. Easy to change with teleportation."

"You were brought here against your will. Actually, not so much against your will but without your consent. Your will was merely bent on survival after that. Today you decided to step out of survival and use your will. The men you left behind will eventually do the same, one by one or all at once or not at all."

I had to interrupt. 

"Why?" I ask, a little more vehemently than I intend. She is still holding hands with me and I stop walking and look at her. Her face is a little flushed. Maybe from the temperature and humidity or maybe from something else. 

"Why am I here? I didn't ask to come here! To be pulled out of my life and plugged into-INTO THAT THING!" I pointed where the door was behind vegetation.

The force of my voice seemed to not affect her except that she could understand my feelings better. She didn't let my hand go but held it firmer and stepped closer to me. 

"I know. I did not ask to come here either. I grew up just a few states away from you. Ever heard of Greendale? On the 110 to the east?"

My face said that I had and she saw. I realize now that I am starting to buy into this and in part because she is the first flesh and blood woman I have seen. Part of me wants this to be true, just so that I can be done with it. Her scent is intoxicating. Different than the plants. More floral, like violets or something. I can't place it. I realize she is standing very close to me and my penis is already ahead of me on that realization. She guides me forward again, averting the awkwardness of my nakedness and state of arousal, though her actions appear completely natural, having nothing to do with the potential awkwardness. 

I am not sure she would feel awkward addressing my state but I am pretty sure I would feel awkward if she did.

"Your are here to provide for your hosts. They use your products." She said flatly. 

She lets that sink in as we walk. She's talking about-

"What exactly do you mean by 'use' and 'products'?" I ask in a somewhat shocked tone.

"By 'use' I mean consume, and by 'products' I mean your urine, your semen, and your feces."

I had to stop, and I tried to let go of her hand but she held firmly and stepped in again.

"You mean to tell me..."

She was not smiling but totally serious and looking into my eyes, completely unflinching, unnerved, unfazed. 

"They are delicacies."

I blinked,

"Wait a minute! You mean to tell me there is a bunch of aliens here eating my poop?!" I said angrily. Completely flabbergasted. "Why didn't they just hook up a new pipe to my toilet and send me a box of condoms?!!!"

She was expressionless through my angry questions stepping into me further but holding onto my hand down at our sides. 

"My own reaction mirrors yours except I slapped my 'assistant'. You may strike me if you wish."

I was stunned. Strike her? It wasn't her fault. Aliens were eating my poop. That's what this is all about? That just didn't make sense. She could see the confusion on my face and that I had no desire to hit her. 

"Are you ready for more?"

"I guess I might as well get it over with. Lay it on me. What else is there?"

"I was not being false or misleading about anything. The answers and details I give are accurate. They are also important. Important because you have choices, but you can only make choices that are right for you if you are informed."

"Go on."

"We are essentially pets on a farm. Consider that you were fed, rested, exercised, cleansed. All your most basic needs were met. It was not to keep you happy, but to keep you producing. Your diet was regulated and you were fed a very healthy 'food' and water. Their system is not set up for your pleasure or reward. It is set up to provide for theirs. Your production was high by any standards on Earth, but I happen to know it was high even for standards here."

"So I make a lot of poo."

"Yes, well, about average, but you make a large quantity of high quality semen. Point of fact, your semen is recognized. It has some small status. It is, in their opinion, better than others."

"Great. I make a lot of fine semen. I'll be sure to try some next time I am feeling hungry."

She got a funny, secretly amused look on her face and it wasn't symmetrical. Maybe that blows the whole android theory.

"Most of the men that leave the system screaming are plugged into a somewhat different system. More controlled. Some of them not, but most of them yes. Some of the men are put into a system less controlled. But with more responsibility. Not without personal challenges."

"And I am being given an opportunity to be less controlled?"

The door was no longer remotely in sight. I kept looking around at my surroundings. It was impossible not to. The plants were fantastic, and shockingly different from the metal walls. And it was just as impossible not to look at my guide. My hand was sweating in hers and the fact that she was undeterred by that was pleasing. 

There were no unnatural features to be seen anywhere and we were coming up on a very green grassy spot, just shaded by a large tree. There was a clear pond in front of it in the full sun. It seemed the perfect spot for a park bench. Stupid brain. Dumb thought. I pushed it away.

"You are. There is much to know, but it is not difficult. It is more challenging than plodding along, two minutes at a time, wondering where it all ends. It is also more rewarding."

Upon saying the word rewarding she smiled again and let go of my hand. My hand felt cold and lonely. She reached for the bottom of her dress and pulled it immediately over her head bearing her hairless femininity, her breasts, everything. As if we were familiar. She discarded the dress on the grass and stepped toward the clear pool, glanced back at me, smiling, and dove right in. 

There was plenty of room for her shallow dive. I watched and she surfaced, her short blond hair slicked back. It was idyllic. A beautiful naked girl in a jungle pool. No hint of the metal box I left what seemed like hours ago. She turned, treading water lazily. 

"Sean." She says. "Come in. The water is wonderful."

I hesitated. It looked wonderful and I found I wanted very badly to do just that. Why not? After what I have been doing for 234 cycles, I deserve this much and more, but this is more than enough for now.

I stepped forward, the dirt clinging to the bottoms of my feet rubbing off on the soft short grass. I was aware of my nearly erect penis preceding me and that my...my what? My assistant? Isn't that the term she used? Was she assisted? Was it a guy? Why did I care? I discarded the thought and stepped to the edge of the grass next to the pool and dove. A shallow dive, my heart in my throat and feeling my limbs tremble in excitement at the notion of splashing into the water and jumped. 
