 Cycle 233. I am pretty sure this is cycle 233 for me. I have no way to count other than my mind, and my mind is probably trustworthy but it is difficult to tell sometimes. I replay this story in my mind every day because it is better than going insane but I am keeping count. I try to repeat this in my mind with the same words, these exact words. Trying to keep track. Sanity is waiting for me to let go. 

There are others here who have lost it. A lot of them really I suppose, and to some extent everyone. But sanity isn't necessary for what I cannot understand is our purpose. 

We don't get to talk. They might not mind I don't think except they, "they", whoever they are don't seem to like disruption and I have never seen it "tolerated". That being said, I have never seen discipline meted out either. They made the rules and we follow them. Well, somebody at some point, somehow invented what we are doing. 

We stay in line because there is nothing else except the unknown. We can't choose not to. Actually, I take that back. We can decide all we want but we have no power to act upon that decision that isn't punished. I've seen people try. After their attempt they don't return from wherever they go. I can't imagine it is somewhere better than here but it could easily, easily be worse. 

I arrived here 232 cycles ago. I would say days, but there is no way to reckon time. A cycle feels like about a day. Maybe a little shorter. 

My name is Sean Lund and I am now 22 years old. I was a college student on summer vacation working at a restaurant waiting tables before here. I was finishing up a Bachelors in Engineering. On Tuesday, March 10th at 11:31 precisely I clocked out on the computer at the restaurant and left the general manager to close up alone. He had the closing reports to complete and would be half an hour or so. 

I walked out the back door and past the dumpster and into the parking lot, which was just vacated by the other last departing employee, the dust from their car still hanging in the air under the lot lights. As I reached my car at the back of the lot something happened. I don't know what because there is nothing between reaching for my car door handle and being here. 

I have, I guess I had, a girlfriend. A really good one. Hot. Her beautiful red hair is burned into my memory and supple, heated, flushed breasts are burned into my memory as well. But I am gone from there. My car which I have not touched since then and has probably been impounded and auctioned by now. My apartment is probably rented to someone else and my things are probably in boxes on my parents kitchen table, a constant reminder for them of my absence. My mom and dad and the rest of my family and friends are probably beside themselves with grief. 

There were probably police reports. Searches. News stories. Police questioning everyone. I am no doubt a missing person. 

So where is here? I haven't a clue except it is definitely not the restaurant parking lot. It looks like what I imagine the inside of an alien space ship, CIA black site, or CDC lab to look like but I have never had the feeling that it was moving, so maybe alien space ship is out. I woke up. I say woke up because I don't have any recollection between my car and here. And I was here. The time in between is indistinguishable. I became aware, standing up just like I am right now. I was reaching for the car door and then next I was here. And naked. 

I should have had a conniption but I didn't. I was confused on an epic level. I was looking around frantically, in full on fight or flight mode, adrenaline pumping, fists clenched, but there was no one to fight. 

There was doorway, but it was the only place to flee to and was into the totally unknown. Much scarier than where I was. It was almost silent too. I could mostly only hear myself. And there was no smell. Nothing I could detect. I don't remember thinking about it then, but I think about it often now. There is little smell here. Just myself, and every once in a while, the guy ahead of me if he has been exercising.

I instantly noticed my nakedness, and not just naked but hairless. I felt it too. I put my hand on my perfectly bald head where moments ago a thick mop had been. To my relief I had eyelashes but nothing else. No eyebrows. No fuzz on my ears. My arms, legs, genitals, chest, bare. No stubble. No nothing. 

I stood there more naked than the day I was born, my brain ready to shut down at what it could barely accept. The polished metal walls of the room I was in perfectly reflected my naked, bald form. Even the polished mirror of a floor reflected up at me every detail of my nudity, my dangling penis and scrotum, guarded behind my hand but visible from underneath, and the shocked look on my bald face and head above it. 

Worried, scared, extremely confused, I looked around frantically and tried to make sense of my surroundings and condition. Was this a dream? It sure felt real. The air was really warm but pretty dry. I was in a room. It was about 10 feet by 10 feet with a doorway in the middle of the side in front of me. The polished, metal floor cool under my feet but not cold. The light from overhead was from a large opaque disk, about three feet across, sublimated into the metal ceiling several feet above me and there was a grate in the floor which appeared to be some sort of drain. For that, the room was entirely featureless. It was a brightly lit, shiny metal box with a drain in the floor. 

The doorway was open. My mind was reaching, straining for something familiar or reasonable. I wanted out of the box but was also afraid to find out what was outside. Thoughts raced through my head. Was a giant robot or monster or alien going to come through that doorway any second? The thoughts felt stupid and I almost discarded them but on considering, under the circumstances I decided that it wasn't outside the realm of possibility. 

After all, I wasn't exactly standing next to my car. Was I?

The doorway was nearly featureless. There appeared to be a pocket door, though superbly well fit and of the same chromy metal as the walls, ceiling, and floor. Did I remember to say that? The walls, the ceiling and the floor were metal, highly polished and seamless. The hallway was exactly the same as the room except instead of for an opaque, white disk light it had a long opaque light in the middle of the hall running down its length as far as I could see without moving. There appeared to be more drains on the sides of the hall. I figured I could stand still and learn nothing, or observe, seek and learn, and I have ever been a student, so I stepped toward the hall. 

The instant I stepped there was a bell tone from somewhere. As if someone was watching for me to move, and when I did, pressed a button. I froze and listened. I was astounded at how loud the bell tone sounded but giving it some thought I realized it only sounded loud because there was no other sound. I listened for all I was worth but there was nothing except echos of me breathing. 

I cautiously took another step but there was no bell. No sound. Just my bare foot releasing from the polished metal and touching the new location. I waited a few seconds. Maybe 10. But hearing nothing I starting stepping toward the doorway again. It took three steps in total to get to the doorway and peek out delicately. I was in a room at the side of the end of a short hallway, or what appeared to be a short hallway about 20 feet long and 5 feet wide. The light ended about a foot short of either end of the hall. The far end of the hall had what appeared to be a pair of metal pocket doors that met in the middle of the doorway. The drains ended the same way but other than that the hall was utterly featureless.

I silently stepped into the hall but nothing changed. I stepped down toward the end of the hall. It felt like it took an hour to walk down there but it might have been 10 seconds. If there was activity on the other side of the door, I could hear none. No sooner did I step there though and the doors opened. I was startled at the light sound and movement and almost ran. Almost. Until I saw what lay before me. 

In front of me was another hallway just like the one I was standing in but running perpendicular to it and it was full of men. Men as naked as I was. With about 3 foot gaps between them. I say I would have ran back to the room but what stopped me was the men. They weren't surprised by the doors or even me standing there. In fact, none of them even looked my way at first. It was just a very spread out line of very naked men doing absolutely nothing. 

I know my mouth must have been hanging open in total shock and I probably looked much like the proverbial deer in the headlights but they didn't even notice. I stood there, cupping my genitals and watched and waited to see what would happen and after a moment the line moved. There was nothing to indicate that it was going to, it just did. Well, let me correct that. The part of the line to my right moved one position ahead in the direction the guys were facing, except behind my hall doorway the line stayed still effectively making an opening for me to enter the line equidistant from the other guys. 

It was an unspoken invitation without even an expression or so much as a blink from anyone in the line. I hesitated. For all I knew the line could lead to a shark tank but the fellow that would be in line behind me whispered fiercely at my hesitation,

"Come on!"

At first I wasn't sure if he was speaking to me. His expression never changed and he never looked at me, and nobody else breathed a word or acknowledged it. I gingerly stepped forward into the blank spot, wondering at the same time what would have happened if I chose not to. 

After about 2 minutes by my reckoning the line moved again. Almost as one except for me. I couldn't help but be startled by it but I moved, albeit a little late. They line behind me was perfectly accommodating. There were 10 guys in the hall including me and the guy in the front disappeared around the corner and another guy emerged from the corner behind us.

There were 5 guys in front of me that I knew of, only three of which I could see, and 6 behind me. There were other hallway doors off the one we were in but they were closed. When I took "my" place in line, the hallway door I came from had closed, and none of the other doors opened. When "my" door closed, my mind shuddered as if that door was closing on far more than the hallway and room I just walked out of.

Nobody said a word. I was getting nervy. I was just at my car! Wasn't I? Where was this line going? What happens if I talk? How come nobody else is talking? Where are we going? How many guys are thrown into the furnace before it is my turn, and if it is a giant furnace, why aren't these guys freaking out?!! Why am I naked? Why are we all naked? What purpose is there for being hairless? HOW COME I DON'T KNOW HOW I GOT HERE!!?

The line moved again. Nobody batted an eye. There was no fear in these men. There was nothing. Whatever was at the end of the line was not a going concern. The bald guy in front of me was about my size. He barely moved except for when the line shifted in its eerily unison way. How long had they been here? Where WAS HERE?

The line moved again. In one more move I would see around the corner. I just had to hold it together and be patient. The temptation to sneak up past the other guys and look was palpable but I didn't want to draw attention to myself being so completely ignorant. I tried to think. How is this possible? No clue. What could the purpose possibly be? Blank. Why am I naked and where is my hair? Total blank.

The line was about to move again. I could sense it had been about the right amount of time. I was about to see around the corner. When I moved forward my eyes were glued to where we were going and I noticed immediately the corridor didn't go on forever or to another corner. It went directly into a room, and what was in that room my mind didn't understand. 

The room was probably 30 feet across and square-looking and the line of men led up wide steps in the middle to a...a thing. 

How to describe it accurately from my first impression is infeasible but I will try. 

It looked like a weird, giant ice sculpture with one of the men fit into it. It was a crystal clear material, like polycarbonate or glass, forming an encasement around a man in a seated position, except he was seated as if on a racing motorcycle. His body was laid out forward and his hands were way forward away from me and his butt was on the near end. His legs were slid into receiving leg spaces and he was relaxed in that position and a door of the same clear material came down and closed him in. The whole contraption was brightly lit from above and below, though the light seemed to be coming from it. 

The device was difficult to make out at first. I had never seen anything like the clear, glass-like sculpture, that a guy could get in, or would get in, for any reason. As I observed it more, more things became apparent. I saw more. Oh, did I see more!

I could sort of see into the guys butt hole! Protruding from the seat inside was a butt plug-like feature and it was buried in the guys ass. With the guys legs spread I could see his cock, angling down, was inside a chamber shaped to receive it. It form-fitted his cock and somehow the leg holes and arm holes form fit themselves to him. The clear door had a protruding interior that was perfectly molded to the guys side and the encasement was complete by the top of the interior, closed on the guy's back and head. 

As I watched in horrified wonder at this impossible device and what would possess any man to willingly get in it, I saw the guy appear to...struggle. 

At first I thought he was being electrocuted or something, but then it dawned on me, completing my horror, that he was having an orgasm. In the contraption. With a thing in his butt. In front of everyone here. And I WAS IN LINE FOR THIS THING!! Suddenly, a stream of what could only be semen filled liquid shot down a tube from the end of his penis as if riding in a stream of water. There were several shots of it coinciding with the guys minute struggles. 

As I watched, terrified, the guy in the sculpture made some different small struggles and suddenly a flow of what could only be poop shot through the plug in his butt and down what was apparently a tube for it. The tube was stained, filled with brown poop all the way into where the sculpture thing disappeared into the floor. There was a light whirring and it was followed by a water-looking fluid that appeared to be washing out his insides and when the water ran clear the whirring sound stopped and the door opened and the guy got out. 

He got out like it was no big deal. He just strapped himself into a weird clear plastic sculpture and had an orgasm and then pooped in front of a bunch of other guys and that was no big deal. It was NORMAL, for this guy. THIS was normal. He had done this before, enough times that it was not a going concern. And from the total lack of reaction from everyone else in the room, they had not only seen it but done it too, and it was normal to them. 

The line moved forward and the next guy stepped up. I took my new location two steps closer to the crystal machine. In between the two guys at the top of the little dais, the door had whisked shut and a windy sound filled the interior. It became opaque as if filled with steam and then cleared and the door whisked open on unseen mechanisms to accept the next entrant. It was perfectly clean and glistened inside. No trace of the previous entrant remained that I could tell. No sweat, no poop, no nothing. The interior appeared wet but there were no visible droplets of anything. 

The next guy didn't even wait for the door to open before he was moving to get in. There was only one more guy before me. Wait a minute. Before who? There was no way I was getting in that thing! There was no telling how many filthy, diseased scumbags had blown their load in it and POOPED in it. But then there was not an iota of concern anywhere. The implications were at war within me but I had to watch. 

The next guy stepped into the leg slots and maneuvered his butt over the seat and pressed his anus over the plug while his penis slid into the penis chamber. He placed his arms into armholes and put his head forward. He looked as if his front half were diving into water and his back half was riding a crotch rocket. We waited. The precious seconds that seemed to take so little time in the blank hallway I wanted back because these screamed past. In two minutes I would be two steps closer. In the ignorance of the hallway, those two minute intervals were lifetimes.

It was then I noticed that the guy that just left the...whatever it was chamber, wasn't gone. He was back in line on the other side of the machine at the bottom of the steps. This was just a stop on the line. Where did we go next? Wait, we? Why is there a "we" in there, brain???

As I pondered, the guy in the chamber started moving. Almost struggling, but he couldn't move much. The chamber had molded its interior to fit him and he was immobilized.

As he squirmed he appeared to orgasm and his loads shot down the tube away from the end of his penis as though on a water slide, and then the "pooping regimen" commenced just like on the previous guy. The chamber un-molded itself from him and the door whisked open and he extricated himself from it, gently pulling himself off the butt plug and out of the penis tube. He stepped out and proceeded down the steps on the other side to rejoin the line and the guy in front of me started stepping up. The door whisked down, the "cleaning" cycle commenced and was done almost before the guy in front of me got there. He bent to step in almost before the door opened to admit him. 

What was I doing in this line?!! I was not going to get in that thing, was I? Was this a dream? A nightmare and this is where it turns ugly? Wake! Wake! Wake!

The guy in front of me got into the chamber just as the previous guys did. He positioned his butt over the plug and then gently sat down. He rocked forward, placing his penis, which I now noticed was erect, into the penis tube and I could see his scrotum hanging freely in a pocket area that was there for that too. He placed his arms into the armholes and put his head down. It wasn't until that moment, when he put his head down that I noticed there was another plug-like device! He put his mouth over it!

Oh no. I began to tremble. My skin was clammy and cold but I felt like I was on fire. I couldn't do this, and at that moment I was about to lose it. I was visibly shaking and my heart was pounding and my eyes were searching for an escape. I don't know what I was going to do but somebody, I think it was the guy behind me, whispered "Chill!"

Did I hear that? Did someone-? I whispered back.

"What?"

Nothing. It could have been a figment of my imagination but I was pretty sure my imagination at this point was waving a white flag, furiously. Somehow the whispered word brought me back a measure of fortitude. 

Deal. Just deal with this. He was right. Chill. You can do this. Find out later what the whole story is. He wouldn't say chill if a giant axe wasn't poised to come out of the ceiling and hack me down. Guys getting out of that thing have all their fingers and toes and everything else is where it belongs, albeit somewhat violated. 

I didn't have any more time to think about it. My predecessor was struggling. I even heard what I though was a groan through the chamber. The poop came out of his butt down the tube and disappeared through the bottom of the sculpture and there was the now expected and unfortunately familiar whirring sound and his- his rectum was cleansed (my mind gave me the words I did not want to come up with). The door whisked open and the crystal device relaxed on the inside and now I could see he was being released by it over his whole body. The device fit each entrant exactly. It molded to them in every detail. 
