 Reborn

[Author's Note: I would like to thank "milady sabine" from the bottom of my heart for her help in editing my story. Her aid and encouragement were critical in my personal writing process. Thanks, milady!]

David Wynne's life was appallingly dull. He got out of bed, making middle-aged grunts that decried his lack of fitness. After cracking every significant joint in his body, he performed his morning routine. Looking in the mirror only to comb his hair, he avoided the spectacle of his "middle age expanse", which was more like a "middle age continent". 

"I'll make a new start on my fitness routine Monday," He thought, knowing that he wouldn't.

He dressed in his usual charcoal gray suit, white shirt, and red tie before grabbing his briefcase and heading to the kitchen.

Laura was in the kitchen in her bathrobe washing the breakfast dishes when David entered. He kissed his wife on the back of the neck, moving her long blond hair out of the way. God, he loved her! He didn't deserve a wife so good-looking, especially after four kids.

"Where are the kids?" he asked.

"The three hellions are on the school bus, the pooper is watching Barney, and you're late for work!" she replied, looking back from her dishes with a cute smirk. 

"Shit! I gotta go, darlin'. See ya late tonight!" called David, walking quickly out the door.

"Do well today, honey!" shouted Laura in return, "I love you!"

David squeezed into his tiny economy car and drove carefully to the entrance of his subdivision, avoiding the kids who were walking to school.

Then, it was "bat out of hell" time. David hit the accelerator and tore out of the subdivision. He weaved in and out of traffic, using the agile car's small size to his advantage. After he had merged onto the freeway, he began to use the shoulder lanes on each side of the road to pass particularly slow blocks of cars -- just a regular day.

Unfortunately, the left shoulder had a broken-down car hidden from his view by the 16 wheeled semi truck that he was passing at the time. 

The last thing David Wynne saw [J1]was the maroon-colored back end of a 1979 Ford.

One moment, there was the sight of the back end of the car rushing towards him. Then, existence was a bright moment of pain which instantly dissolved into blackness for what seemed to be a second. The next event in David's awareness was him sitting up from a prone position and gasping for air, wincing at the bright light around him.

