 Kera and I went on our separate program regimens after my function station visit. She helped me out of the chamber and then held me closely. I hugged her, my erection at attention against her lower abdomen. She kissed me and I kissed her back. 

"What about you? Don't you need to be 'collected' or something?" I asked.

"No. They got that. The collection droid collects all the product captured by the goop the larvae-spiders emit." 

"Wait. Larvae-spiders?"

"From what I understand, the larvae-spiders and our hosts enjoy a symbiotic relationship. Apparently something they do in that chamber is something like what they do to the larvae of our hosts. They care for it by sticking it to something and then sticking stuff in them and twitching. I have never seen the rearing dens, but I cannot imagine. Bear in mind these words are my words. I am interpreting and intuiting quite a bit here from the little I, or others have been told. I have no idea what the larvae-spiders get out of the deal."

She had slipped her hand into mine in what was becoming a delightfully familiar way and began leading me toward a freshly lit hall. 

"Wait a minute. You came. I saw you orgasm. What was that all about? No way you were turned on by that."

"I'm afraid I did. I am trained. I always come now. It doesn't matter when or where or how anymore. You probably are too, though you don't know it yet. Stimulating me, my ass, even my nipples can make me. You'll see. Thousands of induced orgasms and I am tricked. My thoughts aren't deceived but my brain doesn't care. It feels the pleasure when it gets the chance. I feel pleasured, even through my fright or pain."

"Are you saying you come and you hate it but you still enjoy it?"

"Yes. As strange as that sounds. I look forward to it sometimes. It stays interesting and I find sometimes I like the surprises."

Our walk takes us down the hall. To another corner. 

"How do they do it? Lots of times in the chamber I have no desire to be there but I get a rock hard erection and come. They can't just do that from zapping my organ, can they?"

"Alpha waves. The chamber beams alpha waves into your brain and tells the pleasure centers what to do, what to feel."

"That's hardly fair."

She laughed at that. It was musical. She still smelled of violets or something. I still couldn't place it. The welt on her side where the spider crashed into her was nearly gone but a slightly greasy smear remained, faint, though there. 

"Fair. I have found that life is not fair here. But also that it in many ways, it is far more fair than where we have been before." 

We reached a cleansing station room and the lights on a chamber on her side of the room came on and the lights in the hallway behind us came on.

"That mean what I think it means?"

"Yes. We will catch up again soon I think. Remember to breathe."

"Can't we just visit for a little while? I'll go get pumped extra if they want."

She laughed. "It doesn't work like that. There are rewards and sticks. I don't know how high the rewards go but I wouldn't mind finding out. Especially with you. And I've seen some of the sticks. So have you. But I suspect we have only seen the very small ones."

She pecked my cheek and let go, running up to the cleansing chamber. I wasn't intending to stay and watch but my feet didn't move. It took me a second to realize that in order to leave I would have to actually move, instead of stare at her in the chamber. She was feeding her feet and hands into the clear straps and I knew if I didn't leave, I wouldn't be able to. I turned as quickly as I could and rushed off down the hall, erection riding high in front of me. 

I was going to have to get some information for once. Before the big surprises hit me. Being a surprise participant of any of this stuff was getting REALLY old. Here was a girl that KNEW stuff, and I needed to pick her brain. I made up my mind to do just that when I saw her next. Before anything happened. 

I jogged out of the hall into a sustenance chamber room and got plugged in. The balance of the cycle was normal but only two exercise periods, they seemed more strenuous than usual, and a rest period. My rest period was in a rest station above a women's line cleaning station. It was just like the men's back in the other system. No arm or leg loops. And no water. They came out filmy. And they were basically dead except for the ever moving line. 

The lights to my sleep station blinked on just as a velvety, alto voice from the doorway called,

"Good morning, handsome!"

That was not Kera! I opened my eyes and looked. A stunning black woman stood there holding the door frames. Her head had was nearly shaved. Her smiling face and white toothed smile aimed at me. She was totally naked. Her skin was very dark. Her nipples puffy. Her pussy lips protruding and puffy. She was athletic and she was seriously hot. Her big, light brown eyes smiled with the rest of her face, wider, when she knew I was checking her out. She glanced down on me and I realized my erection was perfectly available for her viewing pleasure.

"Can I treat you to some breakfast?" She asked.

She smoothly reached out her hand for mine at shoulder level, an arms distance from me. There was no indication in her face, demeanor, or movement that said I might not take it. I didn't really have any reason not to, but she knew I would anyway. I reached out and took her hand and she gently, deftly, pulled me to her for an embrace. Her black skin was warm and her ample breasts pressed against me. I could feel her nipples. It was just a friendly hug but it was somehow more. 

"Kera can't stop talking about you."

She said up to me coyly looking into my eyes. 

She continued. "I can see what she likes. There is something about you."

I wasn't pushing her away but I was a little uncomfortable, or maybe too comfortable, being in a naked hug with someone not Kera. She reached down before I realized it and grabbed my shaft. I tried to pull back but her grip firmed and she smiled wide again. 

"Mm-mm-mmmmmm. Very nice. Now you come along with me tiger. I'm buyin'"

She let go of the embrace but held onto my cock and pulled me along. I was flabbergasted and it was either walk or let her damage me. After I took two steps and was about to protest she let go and reached back and grabbed my hand, in the lovers grasp, and guided me out of the room. 

"Sweetie, you got a lot of tongues waggin'. I heard they wanted to pull you out of the regular system a long time ago but you weren't ready, or something."

She had a commanding presence. But I had to get some answers. I took a chance at wresting control of the situation from her. I stopped and pulled her to stand in front of me. She was a strong, and only semi-resistant. I outweighed her by quite a bit, so I did have the upper hand. She was obviously accustomed to being in some kind of control and not ceding it lightly, but she was giving me the benefit of the doubt. She looked up at me, somewhat challenging, measuring, like seeing if the stallion under her needed correcting. 

"I need to know. What is going to happen? What is the worst I can expect to see or happen to me if I remain compliant?"

The question was more than she expected. More direct than she expected from whoever she thought I was. She didn't answer or speak right away. Her eyes narrowed and she thought and decided something. 

"I can't tell you that because I don't know what is possible, especially for a guy. And I won't tell you what I can. Because that's not how you or I get ahead."

She let that roll around in my brain before she continued. 

"Hear me out on this because Kera is my friend. If you ask her, she may tell you. She likes you a lot. Maybe loves you. But she won't lie to you and might not hold anything back from you like I'm going to. And, she is willing to go through some pretty gnarly stuff for you. Some of the things she can say to you can get her bounced out of here to 'points south' if you get my meaning."

"Shhhh..." 

I was trailing off, realizing I was about to utter a rather foul word in front of a lady, something the old fashioned upbringing I had always had me hesitant to do. 

"-it. My sentiments exactly." She finished for me. "Did she tell you to breathe?"

"Uh. Yes."

"Good. Breathe. And eat!" 

She adopted a southern accent and put a sway in her step. "Come own, honay. Less git yawl sum vittles." And smiled. 

I laughed. I couldn't help it. It had been so long since I had heard anything like that kind of character. Kera was great, but she was more reserved than this woman. 

"What is yo-"

She cut me right off "-Jillianne, tiguh." Then she switched back to normal voice. "But just call me Anne." She looked back over her shoulder, over our clasped hands and her face broke into a smile and she laughed. 

"My name...Anyway it's nice to meet you."

She guffawed mightily. 

"You do learn fast. It's nice to meet you too, Sean. Very nice indeed." 

She glanced back and at me upon finishing the 'indeed'. Then, almost as an afterthought, she glanced down at my cock and then looked ahead. 

She took us to a sustenance station room where two out of the four chambers lit. 

"I would have settled for a Denny's, Anne, but this." I intoned, perfectly serious. 

She laughed. "A—hole. Get up there and get your breakfast!" 

She pushed me toward a chamber and then smacked my butt, very smartly. I danced up toward the chamber after giving a shout of surprise. She laughed and ran over to her chamber. We finished our sustenance and got out and she was ready to get going. She grabbed my hand and said,

"Come on, let's get this day started!"

She was nearly jogging, dragging me behind her down the newly lit hall to the right of where we came in. 

"I'm a little surprised." I said, loudly.

"Why's that?" She turned her head and asked back.

"I always do a function station first thing."

"You are performing today."

"I kind of figured that would be sooner than later but it's still weird. It feels wrong."

We turned two corners and were there. At a room. Not a room. An an anteroom. It was a small darkened room off a much larger room that was visible through a large transparent door on the other side. On the other side of the door were the creatures I had met through only a wall and a translating device the other day. There were thousands of them. 

Anne pulled me to face her. She looked like an acting coach sending her protege out on stage for the first time. She was serious and firm, but gentle. 

"It's go time. Remember, breathe. I don't know what this about but if I did, I still wouldn't tell you. You just go out there and do what you are supposed to do."

I tried to protest that I didn't know what they wanted me to do, and that it was really scary but she put her fingers over my lips before I could speak.

"Shhhh. You'll figure it out one way or another. Just hold it together."

At that moment, the doors opened and the lights came on over the door. I turned to walk toward it. There was a hiss, as if from a giant pit full of snakes coming through the doorway. And I was nearly bowled over by a smell. Almost like almonds or almond cleanser. 

"Okay. I got this. Whatever." I said, exercising my nostrils, blowing out through them. I glanced back at Anne.

She was staring down the hallway we came from. 

"What is it?" I asked. 

"No lights." She paused and turned back to me and smiled. "Want some company?"

It took me a second but then I got her meaning. We were intended to go out together. The hissing was getting louder. We turned and walked together, not touching. We entered the giant room. It was a domed room and the lights overhead sublimated at equidistant intervals were glowing almost red. The walls were reflecting everything in the reddish hue. It was dimmer in here and the insectile creatures were more difficult to make out. The floor angled downward away from the edge. It was like a small, round arena. 

The center was very brightly from above with a yellowish light, and in the center were covered hexagonal cells, each about 3 feet wide, just like a honeycomb. They were covered with a transparent membrane, and there were THINGS inside them. They looked like giant maggots. White, with a dark, ball-like head about 2 feet across, gyrating slowly. Searching. There were about three dozen of the spider creatures on the honeycomb. Walking. Resting. Waiting.

"I can't do this." I said.

"You can." Anne said, firmly. "Are you concentrating on breathing?"

I wasn't. We were walking toward the center and going to be arriving in seconds. 

"Breathing." I repeated.

Except it was difficult. I found concentrating on breathing did make things easier. Still, there were thousands of ant creatures here, hissing. 

The ant creatures watched us. Their eyes blinked. The hissing sound was coming from the dimple-maw in their face. It opened. It was a mouth. It was a 5 inch across dimple without a bottom to it. Just dark inside. The creatures stood, or rested on their lower segment. They were all looking at us. At me. 

We arrived at the center area and were greeted by the spider creatures. I was ready to wet myself. The "field" was about 30 feet wide. The cells looked like about 10 across but the comb wasn't exactly round. The spiders pressed us out onto the surface of the comb. The membrane covering the cells looked thick. The cell walls were about 4 or 5 inches thick. I stepped on a comb edge where the cell membranes were attached, but it was hard to do. 

The spiders were rushing us. I didn't want to step on one of the membranes because the things under them were scary. Disgusting, in their clear, slime pool. They KNEW we were here. UP here. Their heads all pointed at us, still gyrating, pressing up on the membranes. The membranes bulged out where the head things pressed against them. 

Before I could stop myself I was off balance and stepping on the soft, almost sticky membrane covering a cell. It felt about 2 inches thick and my foot pressed into it. The maggoty, THING, mashed its head against my foot, and I could see it's gaping maw trying to get me. It's mouth was full of long, squiggling tentacles which shot out, some of which were covered in sucker-like disks, sucking at, pulsating at the inside of the membrane. I shuddered, absolutely revolted. Anne shouted over the hiss,

"Breathe!"

It was hard. I concentrating and kept moving. Kept breathing. I was more conscious about stepping on the cell membranes now and very careful but I realized it couldn't be done without it. I stepped quickly, and on them, because I didn't want to fall and feel those disgusting maggots on any other part of me either.

We were halted near the center but about two cells off it. Here, the cell membranes seemed clearer. More transparent. The hiss in the giant chamber grew to a near deafening volume. The spiders clambered up and pulled us down. I tried to keep my balance but it was impossible. There were dozens of them, pulling at me, sweeping my legs out from under me, forcing my head and arms down. I landed on the transparent membrane. The spiders had full control. I could barely see through them. They pulled and pushed. After a few moments I was maneuvered to where I was laying face down, and much to my surprise, Anne was laying down under me, face down. 

It was pleasant to be back to where I could see her, even touch her. I noted my penis hung down between her, and my, spread-eagled legs. On either side of her, maggots stretched the membranes to get up at her, massaging her, their tentacles, squiggling around at her sides, suckers searching for purchase. 

"Well this is interesting." She said under my weight.

"Breathe, right?" I said, making irony of her difficulty. 

"Oh, now you have jokes?! Now?" She grunted. 

The spiders had wrapped and pasted our hands and arms to one of the tops of the cell walls to our sides above our heads. Anne's head hung laying on a cell and her face was turned to the side, but a maggot creature was massaging it through the membrane, tentacles slithering. Trying to get at her. From her neck to just above her vagina ran a cell wall. On either side, maggot creatures buffeted her from behind their cell membranes, tentacles squiggling with goo. Her vagina and hence my penis hung over yet another cell, the tip of my penis resting on the membrane being massaged by a maggot.

I laughed. It all was too much. I may have been losing my mind or gaining it. None of it mattered anymore. It was all good. Anne tried to look up at me. She was very concerned. 

"Please tell me Sean is still in your head."

"No-Yes. I mean yes. I am fine." Fine? "It's just that I could have never conjured this up in my mind. It's too much."

"Well, Mr. Too Much. You best get to why they put you there." 

The hissing was growing quiet. 

"I can't."

"For a guy who says he can't, there is a whole lot of CAN creepin' up my leg."

"It's Kera."

"Honey, Kera is gonna be pissed if you don't get busy because she might not see you again."

"Really?" 

"Do it. Try to enjoy it. Let's give these bugs a show!"

I couldn't believe it. I thought of Kera watching. Would she approve? What was she doing right now? My cock bounced with a contraction and made its way closer to Anne's pussy. I could feel her pussy lips. They were wet. I lifted myself up and found that I had been given more room to move than I anticipated. 

I felt her hot black skin under me and let go of my inhibitions. This was for Kera. They wanted a show. Fine. I wanted Anne. The moment I lifted myself to penetrate her, the hissing sound grew from everywhere. The audience was...pleased. I kissed Anne on the cheek and she smiled. Then I slid my cock in. She groaned in pleasure. Immediately I felt her pussy twitch. I slid in all the way. As far as her athletic ass let me. Had our position been different I could have got more in, but it wasn't to be. My bonds were stretchy, but not that stretchy. After I pulled back and slid in again to another orchestra of pussy twitching and Anne groaning, the spiders, which had all retreated, moved back in. 

The hissing grew quiet. What was happening? I pulled out and was pushing back in again and the spiders were there. Having an audience was one thing, but I wasn't to sure about spiders participating. The spider legs reached toward us. Under us.

Before I knew what was going on, the spiders pushed their arms into the edges of the membranes and began pulling them back! The din of hissing was like a wall hitting me. The maggots were going to get out! Looking down over Anne's back, I could already see slimy tentacles licking up, suckers testing her skin. Anne moaned.

"This is gonna get interesting." She groaned at me. 

"Obviously you have never been to the Bella Jardin family of fine Italian restaurants. Calamari is our specialty." I chimed back, thrusting again into her.

"I may just have to hurt Kera next time I see her." She paused and writhed a little as the suckered tentacles pulled at her. 

The spiders ripped the membranes all the way off and backed away. The big white, puffy, wrinkly maggots were free. There was a disgusting smacking sound from their movement in their sticky, goop filled cells. The maggot head under Anne's head still mashed into the membrane, more fiercely than before, but the ones on her sides opened their round maws and closed them over her breasts, some tentacles sticking out, some inside. They sucked her. Their sucker covered tentacles pulling her into their maws. Her pussy immediately began clenching my cock in orgasm, but I didn't have time to revel in it. 

An impossible sensation overtook my loins. Tentacles slid around my scrotum and gripped it gently, tugging at me. More tentacles slithered into Anne's pussy and probed at my cock. I felt her jerk under me and then tentacles, slithered into my anus and deep into my rectum. They pulled my butt cheeks apart. I could feel the suckers sliding into me. Then, as if it couldn't get any more disgusting, one of the gaping maws closed over my ass, and I assume Anne's pussy. 
