 Important note: First time story submission please be gentle and enjoy.

*****

I came home feeling horny and sexually frustrated, it had been at least two weeks since I had seen my girlfriend she was gone visiting her mom. So frustrated I went to bed hoping that I would soon be with her, a little while later I awoke to find my girlfriend standing naked at the foot of the bed her breast heaving slowly up and down with her breathing. 

I stared at her body in awe as her perk nipples were stiff even though it was a warm night, I let my eyes take her all in noticing her smooth skin seemed to glow especially her clean shaven pussy.

I motioned for her to join me on the bed, as she slowly climbed towards me pulling the blanket off of me she moved like a stalking panther. Since it had been a hot night I had went to bed with only a pair of boxers on. As she continued to move towards me she began to move her hand up and down my left leg, letting her hand come up all the way, her nails lightly brushing against my leg and thigh sending shivers down my spine.

"So did you miss me" she said as she ran her tongue over her lips, a sight that made my cock twitch to life. "Lets just see how much" as she pulled my boxers down and began caressing my cock "ooh let me give you a kiss to show you how much I have missed you," and with that she wrapped her warm wet lips around my cock letting her tongue slide up and down my shaft and then taking it all the way down her throat and sucking down for all she was worth.

Oh what a feeling she was giving to me, but I was not so far gone as to not want to return the favor her glistening pussy inches from my face. Using my arms I lifted her body up and placed her sweet wet pussy right on my face. 

I let my tongue explore her lips teasing just on the outside till I felt her lips open inviting my tongue to go deeper. The taste of her was amazing and I couldn't get enough, I felt like a man possessed or man having his last meal and just could get enough of what was presented to him.

With my continued enthusiasm I continued on my quest and drove my tongue deeper, hearing her moaning over and over again. To take it over the top I reached up and began to slowly rub my finger on her clit, getting into the same rhythm of how my tongue was moving in and out of her, eventually my girl has one of her first orgasms of the night. 

Her body convulsed and her legs clamped around my head as her orgasm tore thru leaving her with shallow breath. After letting her legs slowly open, I could feel the wonderful juices of her pussy running down my face. Letting my cock finally fall from her mouth, she leans forward and gives it a quick peck like she would on my cheek.

Slowly looking back with a grin my girlfriend leaned up grabbed my cock and eased me inside of her, that first feeling of her lips parting as my cock was sliding up inside of her was amazing and if I was not careful I would cum soon since we had been apart so long. 

A cool sensation blew thru the room as she began her slow grind on my body let herself get into the rhythm that was right for her. Not wanting this sensation to end quickly I reached up and grabbed her hips and began to match her down push with my up thrust. 

Eventually our thrust began to pick up more and more speed and I could feel both of us rushing to a climatic ending, when she slowed down and stopped. "Now for some real fun lover" she said as she slid up and off my cock, hanging there she reached down and stroked my no slick cock with our juices onto her, then began to rub it all in her ass like lube. 

Slowly re-lowering herself back down onto me she then aimed my cock directly into her ass, slowly I could feel her tight muscles spreading as I drove deeper and deeper into her. Finally taking me all the way in she sat waiting to adjust to the new feeling and invasion of her ass. 

Eventually she began her slow grind again slowly rocking her hips in a back and forth motion, I could hear little whimpers and moans as time went on. At some point I could feel myself slowly thrusting upwards to meet her downward thrusts, feeling my pelvic bone slapping into her cheeks each time she came down. 

I could feel her body quiver after each thrust, reaching down I could feel her hand drifting between her legs and begin playing with herself. After awhile of this continued pumping I could feel her clench down and her body quiver with her second orgasm of the night, as well feel the sheets beneath us getting soaked with her orgasm. I was not far off and continued pumping feeling myself about to cum I woke up looking around wondering what had just happened. 

"Was this nothing but a dream" I thought looking down my naked body I could see cum seeping out of my cock in streams, this had to be the most intense wet dream I had every had. 

Smiling I cleaned up, when my phone rang picking it up I saw that it was my girl calling. "Hello hun how are you," she immediately jumped into this incredible erotic dream she had of us having the most amazing sex ever and then she woke up. Smiling I said "funny I had the same dream," we both had a good laugh I told her I would pick her up later from airport, because right now I had to shower and head off to work. 

We said our goodbyes and as I hung up the phone I looked at our bed and notice my girlfriends red panties laying on her pillow, all I could do was smile and hope that if she ever went on a trip without me again our dreams will make up for the void of each other not being there.