 They call me Red Fire. This is partly because of my hair and partly because Red is the only name I admit to. I'm what they call a heroic adventurer, going around righting wrongs, and if I happen to accumulate a little treasure while doing this, good luck to me. 

You can think of it as my way of stimulating the economy. I find unused and lost treasure and spend it, spreading the wealth. The people I buy things off then spend the money on other things and the economy flourishes, everyone being better off. Then I go looking for another treasure, because I'll be broke.

I have a boon companion, name of Blake Ashertongowtre. Yeah, like he's going to answer to that. We call him Black Ash, mainly because he's as black as the ace of spades. In our line of work we're a distinctive pair and quite well known.

Being well known is a bit of a draw-back, especially if there's been acts of banditry in the area. People hear of them and look at us suspiciously, which is totally unfair. We don't rob honest citizens. 

Being well known is also an advantage, as we hear stories and get tips to lost treasure, usually on the understanding that we'll share with the person who gives us the tip. We do, too. It's just good public relations. Stiff one tipster and we may miss out on a dozen good leads. I'd just had a tip from a barman and Black and I were heading out to investigate.

The story was that a wicked witch had cursed a princess who lived in a castle in the forest. On her sixteenth birthday she'd fallen into an enchanted sleep from which she'd be wakened by love's true kiss. Her parents, the king and queen, and the entire population of the castle had then fallen into a deep sleep, and slept yet. Brambles and thorns surrounded the castle and none could enter.

This had happened about fifty years back. Not believing in magic I had another theory. Someone had slipped poison into the castle water, probably powdered sleep-curse. This would cause everyone to fall asleep. Forget love's true kiss. No-one woke up after taking sleep-curse. The fact that a new king appeared on the scene right smartly after the curse took effect is a pointer as to who might have done it.

To keep it simple, Black and I headed into the forest to find this enchanted castle. When you think of it, a king in his castle with all those nobles and their jewellery and the king's treasure chest, a fortune waiting to be had, and who more deserving than Black and I. 

The barman had told us where the trail used to be that led to the castle. Fallen into serious disrepair as no-one wanted a bar of that castle. We managed to follow it and found the castle. Bramble and thorns surrounded the castle they say. Try fifty years of neglected rose bushes and wild unrestrained growth. Of course there were brambles and thorns.

Simple logic dictated that the lightest growth would be along the trail and that's where Black and I chose to hack our way through. All I'll say is that if that was the lightest growth the gods above will need to help anyone who tries a different path.

We got to the main gates and they were open, the portcullis still raised. Whatever hit them appeared to have hit them fast. Passing through the gates we heard noise from what was probably be the guard room. It sounded like a muted growl.

Not wanting to be taken by surprise by scavengers or predators we eased up to the guard room. We eased the door and looked in and that's when things started to get a little kinky. There were two guards there, lying on the floor, snoring, not growling.

Black and I looked at each other and when I nodded Black eased up to one of the guards and nudged him. He snored on. Black gave him a harder nudge by kicking him sharply on the knee. He went right on snoring. We looked at each other and backed out of the room.

"Weird," I said.

"Magic?" suggested Black.

"I don't believe in magic. Let's just call it weird."

We moved on into the castle, moving slowly. We found more sleepers. People in the castle seemed to have just slumped over where they were and gone to sleep. No-one seemed prepared for it. Whatever had happened had just swept through the castle and left them lying there.

"Whatever it was, it was fifty years ago," I pointed out. "If it was still active it would have hit us as soon as we entered the castle."

"So why can't we wake them?"

"You can always try kissing one."

Eventually we came to the main dining room and it was jackpot time. The king and queen and their court were there, sitting at the dinner tables, asleep. Scattered here and there around the room there were servants curled up on the floor, sleeping happily. 

"That tiara that the queen is wearing looks as though it would bring a pretty penny," I said. "The rings and necklace aren't to be sneezed at, either."

"You're right there," said Black. "They all seem to be wearing their best jewellery, all trying to outdo each other."

The dowagers among the diners were going to be the biggest scores, but even the young women were loaded. I will say this for the king, he sure seemed to like a lot of fair young damsels in his court. 

"Notice someone missing?" Black asked me.

Not knowing who should be there how could I possibly know if someone was missing? I gave him a confused look.

"No princess, or no-one who stands out as being a princess."

He was right. There were some older people and a few young men at the king's table but no obvious princess.

"Doesn't matter," I said. "We don't want her anyway."

"We don't?"

"Definitely not. Imagine if you woke her with a kiss. You'd be her true love and have to marry her. Everyone would wake up. The king would make you his heir apparent. The current king would come after us with an army. His family has had the throne for fifty years and they're not going to give it up just because some old king wakes up. Finding the princess and kissing her is a major no-no."

I looked around at the glittering spectacle. 

"You start on that side," I said. "Dump a table-cloth on the floor and toss all the jewels and things on it. Don't forget the cutlery. It looks as though it might be gold. I'll start from this side."

I started removing jewellery and tossing it onto a table-cloth. 

"Forget the cutlery," I called to Black. "It's only plated and not worth carrying the extra weight."

I was moving along quite nicely when there was a sudden scream. That sort of brought me up short. Was someone having a nightmare? Looking over at Black I could see he was, ah, wrestling with someone.

I wandered over to see what the problem was. Black's trousers were down and his cock was firmly inserted into a struggling young lady, a maid from the way she was dressed.

"What's going on," I asked. "Apart from the obvious."

"This monster grabbed me and started raping me," wailed the maid. "Get him off me."

"She was in my road and so I went to move her aside," said Black. "She felt soft and warm so I stroked her a little. Her responses were normal and she was ready for me so I slipped it home. As soon as I did that she started struggling and screaming."

"Interesting. So it's not a kiss that's required to wake them. I suppose we could go around and wake up a few people and let them get on with a general orgy to wake everyone else. Why don't you pull out of the poor girl while we ask her what happened? You can always continue later. Or with another woman," I added quickly when the maid glared at me.

Black gave a grunt and withdrew. The maid gave him a nasty look, closed her eyes and went to sleep.

"Hum. That makes it harder. It seems you can't be her one true love after all. Why not plug back in and see if she wakes again."

Black gave a grin, lined up and nailed the maid as neat as you please. Her eyes popped open again and she screamed again.

"Hey, quieten down a bit, while I explain," I said quickly.

She shut up but it was obvious that she wasn't happy.

"What's the last thing you remember?" I asked her.

"You mean before this animal attacked me?"

"Yes. From the dinner. You were obviously serving or something and then nighty-night. SO WHAT HAPPENED?"

She flinched at my raised voice but answered.

"It was the witch," she said.

"The witch?"

"She had a curse on the princess. On her sixteenth birthday she was going to fall asleep for some reason and sleep for a hundred years. She was confined to her bedroom for the day to keep her safe. Then in the middle of the dinner the witch appeared in the middle of the room, laughing. That was all until I woke up with this animal poking me."

So maybe there was such a thing as magic but it didn't seem to be impacting Black and me. Probably whatever the effect was it only hit those who were there when the spell was activated.

"Well, young lady, when Black poked you he also woke you up. When he pulled out you fell asleep again. It seems to me that if he completed his poke and brought you to a climax that might complete the job of waking you up. Why don't you go ahead and try, Black." 

"Wait, wait, wait," the maid howled. "He can't do that to me. He's black."

"Well, yes, I already said that."

"I mean, his colour is black."

"Your colour is white and he's not being rude about it. Just think of him as heavily tanned. Besides, he's got a nice big dong and that's what you should be concerned with."

Black started pumping into her while she squealed and wriggled. 

"Remember, woman, if you don't climax it may not break the spell. Better move with him and see if you can get there."

I received another nasty look but the maid settled down to being fucked. She seemed to know what to do and I watched in appreciation as she fucked Black just as hard as he was taking her. I could see the tension building in her and Black was certainly doing his bit to encourage it. He reached his end run and was really pounding her. Her legs were wrapped around him and she clung like a limpet, taking everything he could dish out.

She reached the climax point before he did, giving a shriek and letting him loose, and then he really cut loose, hosing her down. She gave a heartfelt groan and slumped back against the table. Black gave her one last poke, a wink and withdrew.

The blasted girl promptly fell asleep.

"Well, that didn't work," I observed. "Why don't we gather up the rest of the jewels while I consider this?"

We wandered around the tables, gather rings and brooches, necklaces and tiaras, tie pins and jewelled daggers. Come to think of it, they were in the presence of the king, so they shouldn't have had those daggers. By the time we'd finished we had a nice swag of sellable loot.

"I think we have enough here to keep us going for a while," I said. "No need for us to be greedy. If we find ourselves running short sometime in the future we can always come back and start going through the bedrooms to find the rest of the jewellery, and I'm sure the king will have a treasure room we can raid. First things first, we'll go and spend this lot."

"What if the princess's true love appears and wakes her up?"

"Then I'm sure we'll hear about it and will keep well away from this place. We'd probably be wise to leave the country because if the princess wakes up I can see civil war and I want no part of that." 

"So we pack up and go now?"

"Not quite yet. We'll certainly be out of here before nightfall as I have no intention of going to sleep in this place. However, it seems to me that one failed test doesn't really prove anything. We should make a few more tests."

"What do you mean?"

"I think it only right and proper that we should try to wake a couple of these ladies. You see that blonde goddess over there? I'm going to remove all her clothes and see if she responds when touched up. If she does I'll plug in and see if she wakes. If she wakes up I'll explain the situation to her and ride her to a climax and see if that keeps her awake. If you want to pick out someone we can explain to them both at once."

"You're right," agreed Black. "I couldn't live with myself if I didn't at least try to help these poor people. I'll take that brunette."

Both the young ladies nominated appeared to be in their early twenties. They were probably married and knowledgeable in the ways of men. Their experience would serve them in good stead.

There was actually a rug on the floor in front of the king's table. It seemed a nice place to lay a young lady down. I proceeded to do so. I was damned if I could figure out how that blasted dress was fitted onto the woman. It's a good thing that a sharp knife works as a dress removing tool. It wasn't long and my blonde beauty was lying naked in front of me. A natural blonde, too, I observed.

Even allowing for Black's earlier demonstration I was slightly surprised to find my lovely new playmate quite responsive to my touch. Becky (I had to call her something) was soft and warm, pressing her breasts lightly against my hand as I stroked them. She arched her back slightly, wanting a firmer contact, but still slept happily.

I continued my explorations of her body and she reacted very sweetly, turning towards my touch, unconsciously reaching for me. I'd dropped my trousers and I was ready for her. 

I eased her over onto her stomach, resting her head on her folded arms and lifting her up onto her knees so she was posed ready for my attentions. Looking over at where Black was playing with his brunette I made a suggestion.

"Why not pose your new friend the same way, facing Becky" I suggested, indicating Becky. "When they wake up they will be able to see that their friend has also awoken." (And is getting screwed rotten.)

He laughed and in very short order we were kneeling behind the girls, ready for the experiment. As one we eased home, just a little, determining how much was needed to waken them. Not very, it turned out.

My cock had barely passed Becky's lips when her eyes opened and she pressed back towards me with a sigh. Then she saw her friend and Black posed in front of her. The ladies seemed to freeze and then twin screams rang out.

"Ah, ladies, ladies, if I can have your attention. Excuse me, but will you be quiet. I need to talk to you. WILL YOU SHUT FUCKING UP!"

The last request brought a moments silence and I hastened to fill it.

"Princess, curse, witch, sleep. Can I have a moment to explain?"

"Explain? Explain what?" the brunette asked. "Can you explain without using your cock?"

"No, I can't. Look around you. See the king and queen snoring their little heads off? See all the courtiers taking a nap? See the staff all lying down on the job?"

The two girls were looking around, noting the general sleepiness of everyone. 

"The witch's curse put the whole castle to sleep and you've been like this for fifty years. Black and I found you and we are risking our own lives by being here and trying to wake you up. The only thing that has woken anyone was with us sticking our cocks in you. It seems to bypass the curse and let you wake up. However, I suspect that to make the cure stick we'll have to bring you both to a climax. Now do you want us to withdraw and let you sleep for another fifty years or are you prepared to get fucked awake?"

"Why us?" demanded Becky. "Kissing the princess is supposed to break the curse."

"Yeah, we heard that. True love's first kiss and all that. Ah, which of us would you say would be the princess's true love?"

Both the girls looked at me and Black and the brunette gave a delicate shudder.

"Point taken, but why pick on us. Why not one of the older women?"

"Gods above, woman. If it's a choice between screwing a lovely blonde goddess or a bitter old woman, who the hell do you think will be chosen? Now do you both understand the situation?"

"Well, yes, but," said Becky, but that was as far as she got.

"OK, then," I said cheerfully. "Let's get to it."

With that I was driving firmly forward, cock sliding along a nice warm passage, feeling it yielding and wrapping itself around me. 

"Wait, wait, wait," wailed Becky. 

"Stop being so selfish. It's no use waiting. We need to break the spell. Don't you want to be woken up and enjoy a normal life? Let's see a bit of cooperation here."

I gave her a friendly slap on the rump and started taking her properly.

Still complaining Becky started showing some cooperation. She lifted her bottom and pushed as I slid deep into her, my cock sliding happily along her warm, moist tunnel, the friction raising delightful sensations in my flesh and, hopefully, within hers.

When I took hold of her breasts she grumbled a little but didn't do anything to stop me playing with them, her bottom continuing to bob up and down as I took my pleasure. I saw no need to hurry things along. By my estimation this was the first time she'd has sex in fifty years. She deserved that it be special so I did my best to draw it out.

I established a nice little rhythm, keeping things going so Becky hovered just below that point where a climax would hit her. It's the best time for women, hovering on that point and enjoying their bodies, knowing ecstasy is coming. I thrust away merrily, squeezing her breasts in time to the strokes, feeling her happy bouncing as she met my plunging cock.

I was really a bit surprised and a little narked when she turned and spoke.

"Will you, for the sake of the fucking gods above, stop stuffing around and do the job?"

Well. If that's what she wanted. I started taking her harder, my thrusts coming faster, pushing her ever closer to what she wanted. Then I slowed down a little, bringing her off the boil again.

"You don't really want to finish yet, do you?" I asked. "We're having such fun."

She didn't actually seem able to answer that but I got the impression that yes, she would like me to finish things off. Ever ready to please I did my best.

I started hammering her, moving fast and furious, and it wasn't long before I could hear her gasping and moaning, her moans rapidly increasing in pitch. Then I had my climax and Becky was yelling and having her own.

"Feeling wide awake now," I asked her.

It turned out to be a silly question. Looking over at Black we both pulled loose at the same time to see what happened. Two well fucked young ladies gave a sigh and fell asleep.

"Well," I said as I tidied up my trousers, "it was an interesting experiment but it seems to have failed. Do you think we should try again in a little while?"

"I don't see why not," said Black, while stifling a yawn. "It's not as though the ladies will be going anywhere."

He was yawning again, I noticed, and his eyes were drooping.

"What the fuck?" I thought. 

A wave of tiredness swept over me and I was yawning. I wanted to lie down and go to sleep.

What the fuck, doubled? 

"IT'S BUG OUT TIME!" I roared, turning and bolting for the exit, not forgetting to grab my tablecloth full of goodies as I ran.

I heard a startled exclamation from Black but, true to our training, he was pounding along behind me. We didn't stop, bursting out of the castle and crossing the courtyard at full pace, although I seemed to be running through air as thick as treacle. 

We swept through the gates and plunged into the path we'd cut in the brambles, a path that seemed to be closing rather rapidly. Then we were past the brambles and standing next to our horses, breathing hard but no longer wanting to sleep.

"What the hell just happened?" asked Black.

"Damned if I know. Did you grab your stuff?"

"Naturally. I was feeling tired, all of a sudden, not stupid."

We stashed our treasure on the horses and mounted up.

"You know," I observed as we started riding away, "there's still a lot of treasure in that castle."

"True, and it can stay there as far as I'm concerned," said Black.

I nodded in agreement. It's not that I believe in magic, but something strange was going on and why take chances?