 Red walked through the forest carrying her small basket of goodies for her grandmother. The forest was dark and foggy, the cold mist drifted between the trees and wafted across the path, making it hard to see too far in any direction. Red was a little nervous because even though she had walked this path many times, there were stories of beasts living in the woods, and although she had never seen one of them herself, the stories were still frightening to a girl who was barely 20 years old.

She hummed softly to herself as she walked, and adjusted her red hood to cover her honey blonde curls. Adjusting the bodice of her dress, she paused, tilting her head to one side as she heard a sound in the woods just off the path. She stopped completely, pulling her cloak tightly around herself and peered into the forest, trying to make out what it was that seemed to be making sounds as it came closer and closer. Suddenly a creature stepped out onto the path in front of her. It stood on two legs like a man, but had thick fur and yellow eyes, like a wolf. It eyed her up and down and then spoke in a deep voice.

"Where do you think you're heading little girl?" It looked her up and down again, tongue licking slowly along its lips. He growled softly and watched her, making Red more than a little frightened. She whispered, "I'm going to my grandmother's house to take her some bread and jam. Will you please let me pass?"

The wolf looked her up and down again and sniffed at the basket in her hands. "I don't eat bread and jam," he growled. "I don't think you have anything that will keep me from eating you little girl." But he stood still, seeming reluctant to eat her, looking her up and down constantly, and Red started to get an idea.

"Even if you don't like bread, I bet you can see something you like," she said softly, smiling up at the wolf through her eyelashes. She let go of the cloak she was holding around herself and let it hang behind her, giving the wolf a good view of the low dress she wore underneath, the tops of her breasts exposed. The wolf licked his lips faster, panting slightly as he stared at her breasts. She walked towards him, licking her own lips and staring between his legs as his penis suddenly started to stiffen and rise.

She pulled the sleeves of her dress down her arms a little, letting the front of her dress fall slightly, exposing more of her breasts. "Do you like what you see wolf? Maybe there is something I can do for you to get you to let me pass." And she reached out her hand, rubbing up the inside of his thigh and brushing along his hardening penis. She pushed the hood off her head and let the cloak fall to the ground behind her and slowly knelt, wrapping her hand all the way around his shaft and rubbing softly up and down. The wolf growled softly and tangled one hand in her hair, pulling her head forward until her lips rested on the tip of his penis.

"Suck my dick," he commanded, his hand holding her head firmly in place. She slowly extended her tongue, licking the head of his penis and then opened her mouth and sucked it in. With her hand now gently massaging his balls, she bobbed her head up and down on his penis, sucking hard on the tip each time it reached her lips. The wolf threw back his head and grabbed her hair with both hands, forcing her head further forward, until she had his whole dick in her mouth. Red reached down with her free hand and slowly began to rub her own pussy, the thoughts of what she was doing in the forest with the wolf suddenly making her very wet and horny.

The wolf pushed his hard cock in and out of her mouth a few times and then reached down, grabbed her arms and pulled her to her feet. Grabbing a sleeve of her dress in each hand he stripped her sleeves off her arms and pushed the top of her dress down to her waist. Her breasts popped free, the cold air making her nipples hard. The wolf lowered his head and sucked hard, first on one nipple and then the other, as his hands pushed her dress down past her waist and around her knees. Red now had two fingers deep inside her pussy, rubbing furiously as she panted and moaned. The wolf finished pushing her dress down to her ankles and then suddenly he twisted red around and pushed her forward, onto her knees. 

She looked over her shoulder in surprise and then gasped as the wolf suddenly thrust his rock hard dick into her pussy. She fell forward, catching herself before she hit the ground and knelt like that, her hands and face resting on the cool dirt of the path with her butt and pussy high in the air as the wolf thrust his penis as deeply into her as he could. Her pussy suddenly tightened and she moaned softly as she felt her orgasm building. The wolf tangled one hand in her hair and pulled hard suddenly, as he once again pushed himself all the way inside her. She reached one hand back between her legs and grabbed his balls as he held himself deep inside her, pulling her hair with the one hand and smacking her hard on the butt with the other. She moaned louder, and whispered "Oh wolf, I'm going to cum, keep going!"

He spanked her once more and then reached around with that hand and cupped her breast, rubbing the nippled between his finger and thumb as he began to thrust in and out. Red quickly found his rhythm and pushed herself back with her knees into each thrust, making the wolf go so deep inside her she could feel his balls rubbing her pussy lips with each thrust. With her free hand she began to rub her clit hard and suddenly her steady moans turned into a scream as she came hard. Her head spun and panted, furiously trying to catch her breath as her orgasm subsided and the wolf continued to thrust in and out. She rubbed harder on her clit with her fingers and suddenly the wolf pulled hard on her hair, forcing her head back. Red gasped as her pussy suddenly clenched and then screamed as a new orgasm hit. The wolf howled in time with her scream and she suddenly felt his penis clench inside her. A new warmth spread as the wolf suddenly released, his cum spurting into her pussy and filling her up. The wolf growled one last time, released her hair and slid his penis out of her pussy as Red collapsed on the dirt. The wolf rolled her over and stood above her, watching her breasts heave as she fought to catch her breath. His cum still dripped from his penis and suddenly one last spurt shot out, landing on her nippled and slowly sliding in between her sweaty boobs. He smiled down at her, rubbed her soaking wet pussy with his big toe hard enough to make her gasp again, and then he growled, "You are free to go to your grandmother's house today. Just remember what will happen to you if I catch you in these woods alone again." And he turned and disappeared into the forest.

Red slowly caught her breath and stood, catching the wolf's cum between her breasts with one hand and rubbing it slowly into her flesh. She slowly slipped her dress back on, covered herself with her cloak and picked up her basket. As she began to walk to grandmother's house, she smiled to herself as she thought about what excuse she could find to return to the forest the next day.