 This chapter is not for the faint of heart. It really should go into the BDSM genre, but the truth is that its more sci-fi than BDSM. The revolves around an alternate universe, it just so happens that the main character has a dark kinky side. Just to give you a heads up if bisexuality icks you, there will be plenty of scenes of that too...especially this chapter which is almost entirely sexual (very). Please don't forget to comment and vote, it helps me decide what direction to go in sometimes-you know-maybe more of this, less of that...

Once I move past setting up their sort-of relationship, the chapters will come a bit slower because I need to design what Earth will be like 1500+ years from now. Any suggestions also greatly appreciated.

Happy reading-LH

********************

He was eating now. Project 30YR4YN watched the beautiful blond man take a bite out of a deep red gold-flecked fruit. The sweet scent it gave off made its way beneath Project 30YR4YN's mask.

Reaching up, he touched the cool silver surface with the three fingers he had left on his right hand. Project 30YR4YN was so ugly now. He used to be beautiful...like the blond man.

The man stood, his body rippled with thick muscle, his hair slid over his shoulders, a curtain of multicolored blond silk.

He wondered if the man had Fae blood in him too because his ice-blue eyes were up-tilted. Or maybe he had feline.

Project 30YR4YN sniffed, but he didn't get the scent of feline or Fae. He smelled human and...Seraph.

The man had various names. The others sometimes called him Lucien or Luke. The females called him Baby, Honey, Sweetie, and Sexy. The red-haired one called him Mister-Blond-and-Beautiful, Jackass and other names Project 30YR4YN sometimes suspected weren't really names at all—at least not the good kind.

Lucien sauntered over to a flat-topped rock and put the fruit he'd taken a bite from on it.

Project 30YR4YN felt alarm shoot through him when his eyes rose and stared directly at him.

The man smiled. His lips were smooth, pink, and plump, shiny with the juices of the fruit. Project 30YR4YN licked his own lips, suddenly feeling curious about the flavor of all that juice on those lips.

Strange thought.

He began to back away.

"Boy," the man called.

And just like that, Project 30YR4YN froze. Boy? Was this his new name?

He frowned. He didn't like it. He didn't really want to be a boy...or a girl. It was confusing. He had both sexes, though his previous master had him forcibly altered to bring his masculinity out more.

Project 30YR4YN wondered if being used as a female might reverse what was done and turn him into a she.

"It's really good. Forbidden fruit. Try some," the man coaxed stepping back.

Lucien smiled at him. "Don't be shy, Boy Rayne."

Project 30YR4YN shook his head, balking at his new name.

"Come on. Look," the man sat down, resting his back on a tree. He stretched his long legs crossing his feet at the ankles and clasped his hands over his thighs. Beautiful thighs...beautiful legs. "I'll just stay here, okay? Try the fruit."

Boy didn't really want the fruit...well...maybe just a little. He was more curious about the man...Lucien.

Could he trust him? So far, no one had hurt him. No one paid him much attention, really, which was just fine with him. He'd roamed this paradise freely for months now. There was an abundance of natural food growing everywhere and sunshine and water. He'd even found a small cave with a thermal pool to sleep in when it rained. He was in heaven...and before him sat the most beautiful angel...coaxing him to taste forbidden fruit.

For-bid-den.

He knew this word. He frowned.

Why was it forbidden? And if it was forbidden, why did the—Lucien—why did Lucien want him to take a bite? Lucien ate from it so it couldn't be that forbidden.

Ice-blue eyes watched him curiously.

"You're over-thinking this, man." His eyes narrowed now. "Are you? A man that is?" He bit his lip and his eyes seemed to glow.

A warm tingling sensation, like hands, touched Boy's chest. It was so light and barely there, but Boy felt...something touching him beneath his tattered gladiator's suit.

The ghostly hands caressed his chest, making him shiver, traced down his arms.

"Fuck," Lucien murmured, "You're a mess."

His gaze shifted to the stump at the end of Boy's left arm. He'd allowed the tattered suit to sag at the end, hiding his missing hand, but Lucien somehow knew...somehow saw.

Boy hid the offending appendage behind his back self-consciously, feeling...ashamed and ugly.

The warm tingling spread to his hips, making Boy gasp. His hand automatically shifted to cover his groin, but there was nothing there to push away.

Strange emotions skittered through him as the ghostly fingers slid ever lower to the apex of his thighs. Boy wanted to run away, but the feel of those invisible hands stroking closer to his sexes had a delicious thrill of excitement skittering through him. He could feel himself growing erect. That was a first. He'd never felt arousal unless his old master had injected him with Liquid X.

The warmth engulfed his shaft, slid down to the root and underneath to the opening that also made him female. Boy's toes curled when he was touched there too.

"A true Merulian," Lucien whispered, startling Boy out of his delirious state of arousal.

He realized he wasn't sure about this...this invisible exploration of his body and bared his teeth at Lucien in warning.

"Easy, baby."

The endearment surprised Boy. Seemed to surprise Lucien too, who frowned and scratched his head.

"Yeah," he said, his voice deeper, "I don't know where the hell that came from either. Let's pretend it never happened." He began to rise to his feet, but kept his back pressed against the tree. "Let me see you. Why the mask? I can see you have pointed ears. Are you mixed with Fae?"

Boy panicked. Now would be a good time to bolt.

"No," Lucien blurted holding up a hand.

Boy felt himself enveloped in warmth. He couldn't move. It was as though the hands that had been exploring him had grown and were holding him, keeping him from escaping. He was trapped—a stupid doll in the grasp of an invisible giant.

The enormous ghostly hands traced back up his body, engulfed his throat.

"No wonder you can't talk. Fucking barbarians."

When those hands reached his face, Boy began to struggle. No. Not his face. Not his horrendously ravaged face.

"Son-of-a-bitch," Lucien snarled out.

He began to stomp closer, looking furious. All Boy could do was bare his teeth and hiss a warning. He wouldn't hurt Lucien, but he didn't want him coming any closer.

"Easy, baby. I'm not going to hurt you," he pleaded.

Baby again? He was no baby. He was fully adult.

Boy shook his head. He wanted to run away, but was being held in place...by something. What was this strange force wrapped around him?

Lucien came right up to him. His hand rose, eyes riveted to Boy's chest. He hesitated.

"I don't know if I can do this," Lucien whispered. His eyes rose to gaze into Boy's mask. He couldn't see Boy's eyes because the mask was sealed over them. It was the only way to protect eyes without eyelids.

"I have a problem. I can't willingly touch another man. Makes my skin crawl." He grimaced a second before obviously schooling his features to show no emotion.

Boy wanted to hunch into himself, and cursed the day his master had made him more male than female. He'd been a beautiful IT once, not he or she, but both. Maybe Lucien would have appreciated Boy that way better...wouldn't have named him Boy Rayne.

What was a Rayne? Wasn't that what they called that tiny girl who always tried to befriend him?

Lucien swallowed audibly. His hand hovered over Boy's chest. Slowly it descended until the warmth of it permeated the flesh right over Boy's two hearts.

Lucien's gaze snapped back up to Boy's face, almond-shaped eyes wide. His hand stayed on his chest and his breathing was a little agitated.

"There, you see that wasn't so bad."

Boy frowned. Was he saying that to himself?

The breeze blew some of his white hair forward, drawing Lucien's fascinated stare. He caught the strands and rubbed them between his fingers. The sunlight picked up the pinkish, lavender, and bluish hues within the white.

"We can fix you." He murmured, sliding his fingers down the lock of hair he held until he released it. Looking back into Boy's metal-covered face with a slight frown, he continued in his silky deep voice. "Remi's the best healer. What he can't fix, Doc Quinn can repair."

Fix. Boy was familiar with that word. It meant pain, like the time Master had FIXED his broken tail by chopping it off.

No.

Still unable to move, he just stared at Lucien's face, but bared his teeth again to show his displeasure. However, Lucien's gaze had already moved back down to his chest again. He studied Boy closely and Boy took the opportunity to study him too.

Lucien was tall. Boy only came up to his nose, which would put the man at almost seven feet. His skin was golden and he was muscular, but at the same time, his bones were very pronounced. He'd refused to nourish himself until recently. Scars covered his flesh almost everywhere. Had he also fought in arenas? Lucien looked more like he'd been used as a chew toy for a horde of rabid monguras. Pity, because despite being slightly emaciated, the man had the body of god.

Boy's musing's were brought to an abrupt halt when Lucien began undoing the closures to his gladiator's suit. He held still as the man opened the ruined armored suit. The breeze was warm, but his nipples pebbled anyway.

The suit fell away from his torso until it hung from his wrists and waist. Lucien's hand settled on his shoulder. Lucien watched, transfixed, as his hand slid slowly over a pectoral until it rested on his ribs.

His lips pulled into a slight grin but grew somber when they looked back at Boy's mask.

Boy knew he wanted to pull it off. That was not going to happen.

Boy hissed again.

Lucien grinned, showing his strangely flat teeth. He had fangs but the front four teeth on top and bottom were flat, not pointed like Boy's.

"I'm not big on physiology or anatomy, but..." He freed Boy's hand from the suit's sleeve and lifted it. Pressing his open palm against Boy's he said, "this seems simple enough."

******* 

Lucien let his power manifest, exploring what made up his own hand. He felt the flesh, bones, veins, blood, and tendons that made it up. He projected the power into Boy Rayne's hand. It traced every contour, every atom. Boy Rayne had scars between the fingers he had left. Webbing. He'd had webbing between his fingers like a Mer, a race of aquatic humanoids.

Lucien focused his power on their hands, keeping the image of how Boy Rayne's hand should look in his mind.

Narrowing his eyes, he allowed his other sight to manifest.

Boy Rayne's aura took his breath away. It flowed around him strong and bright. Colors swirled within it, showing he'd been used sexually many times, but Boy Rayne's color was bright, glowing, golden. The horrors he'd been through had not darkened his soul...the way Lucien's had been darkened.

Lucien felt many emotions fill him; awe, admiration, respect, but more than anything, he felt humbled by the battle pet standing before him.

I could have been this way—he thought in shame. Everything this creature has endured and he still fights for himself, still finds joy in the freedom he's been given.

Lucien pondered his own state of being. Only a few weeks ago he'd been purposefully starving himself because he wanted to die...like a fucking loser.

It had actually been Zak who'd come into the envirolevel and pretty much cussed him out. It had been a rant taking maybe twenty minutes or more. The golden weredragon had tossed every expletive and even made a few of his own. At the end, Goliath had simply broken down, hung his head in silence for a few seconds before saying, "I wish I could hate you, but I can't. I'll admire the man I once thought you were...not the sorry piece of shit you've become now."

Lucien stared at Boy Rayne. This was everything he should be...like this brave, noble battle pet snarling silently in front of him, holding his ground.

More than ever, Lucien felt determined to help Boy Rayne...and it would start with restoring him physically.

Light burst forth as the missing fingers began to form. He didn't know if he'd be able to reproduce the other missing hand, but two fingers seemed easy enough.

Boy Rayne gasped, soft lips opening in wonder. His teeth were very white and sharp looking. How sharp were they? Lucien was almost tempted to poke a finger into his mouth to find out.

His...her? Like Rayne, he tended to think of Boy Rayne as male. His upper body was lithe and sinewy. As a battle-pet, Boy Rayne was on the light side with a delicately muscled body. The flesh was pale. Most likely from being covered up by the gladiator's suit.

As Boy Rayne flexed his new fingers, mouth in a little O of shock, Lucien touched a strand of his iridescent hair again. Soft, silky, fucking gorgeous. He'd never known Merulian hair could be so pretty...never noticed before.

Boy Rayne's arms slipping around his neck caught him by surprise. The body that pressed against his did not stir up the familiar mind-numbing terror he always felt when male flesh came in contact with his body. Nor did the kiss that followed make him recoil instantaneously. It just shocked him.

Lucien gripped Boy Rayne's waist to push him away...and froze. Warmth spread down his groin, pleasure made his heart speed up. His tongue had a will of its own because it slid and twined around the uninvited intruder intent on seducing him. He was more than seduced. His cock began to harden.

Lucien's hand stole around the slim waist in his grasp to slip into the edges of the gladiator's suit. He gripped a tight pert ass, skin cool and supple. His cock grew harder. He turned his head to deepen the kiss, but his nose bumped the cold hard metal of the silver mask...and then he remembered.

"Shit-wait," he panted gripping Boy Rayne's arms. What the hell was he doing? Just because he was able to touch the Merulian mixed battle pet without breaking out in a cold sweat didn't mean he was going to fuck the little bastard. Great. He'd discovered he could touch Merulians without wanting run away screaming.

He'd set this Merulian and the cyborg girl up and go find himself a more girly one and fuck her silly—no strings attached of course. He couldn't afford complications like that right now, not knowing if he was really safe from being dragged back down to the anteroom to hell by demons and devils.

"Listen, buddy, you can thank me later." Lucien tried to ignore the sense of loss when he felt when he untangled Boy Rayne's arms from his neck. What the fuck was that about anyway?

Boy Rayne. He didn't like that name now. Maybe he should change it. White Rose sounded feminine enough.

The silver mask reflected his own face back at him making him scowl. Lucien's cheeks were flushed, lips reddened from the kiss, and his eyes...his pupils were dilated. He looked stupidly horny.

Good thing he'd blocked himself off from the others. He wasn't ready to admit he'd kissed a Merulian... and liked it.

"We need to get your face back, and your voice." He looked at Boy Rayne's left arm. "And your other hand. Are you going to be afraid of Remi? I know the conceited prick is loud and obnoxious, but he's the only one who can restore you."

Boy Rayne cocked his head to the side.

Lucien took a deep breath and let his eyes drift down to where the filthy gladiator's suit hung precariously off Boy Rayne's hips. "First things first. I don't want anything from your past on you, and it's going to start with this." He gestured to the suit. "Rule number one in the envirolevel; we go sky clad, so take this off."

He backed away a few steps, watching Boy Rayne for signs of imminent escape. He'd released him completely from his power hold and held his breath now. Having pretty much tasted the Merulian's essence, no matter where he took off to, Lucien would be able to find him.

As Boy Rayne slowly bent over to push the tattered remains of his suit off, Lucien wondered how he was going to feel when the little Merulian bared himself completely. He was more male than female. Lucien swallowed hard wondering if he'd puke his guts when he took a good look at Boy Rayne's boy parts, knowing that only moments before they'd practically had their tongues down each other's throats. Lucien was still half erect...surprisingly, and curious about the Merulian.

Boy Rayne straightened. Lucien's eyes remained focused at the apex of his milky thighs. The Merulian sported an impressive erection. No half-rager like Lucien. It should have revolted him, made him run fast and far, but he was...spellbound.

"Well, shit," he said in a rush of breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.

The cock wasn't very long or thick, not like Lucien's. He'd inherited his father's Seraphian traits in that department and usually scared off the less than brave females with his twelve inches. Hence why he drifted more toward females with penchants for pain in the lovely world of BDSM.

Yes. He was an all-around freak. He needed to remember that.

Blinking rapidly and snapping his gaze back to the Merulian's mask-clad face, he took a cleansing breath and pushed all thoughts of dicks and fucking right out of his mind. "Don't run."

REMI—he called out telepathically, opening up his mind to link to the red weredragon.

He appeared in a flash of red-gold fire sitting on the rock where Lucien had left the half-eaten forbidden fruit.

Long legs crossed Indian style, he lifted the fruit to his mouth and took an enormous bite, bright green eyes flashing momentarily. His blood-red hair stuck up around his head in all directions like the corona of a sun with the longer bulk streaming over his shoulders to his waist, thick and glossy.

"You called?" he asked chewing.

His lip piercings glinted in the sunlight, making Lucien hope he didn't scare Boy Rayne off with his ridiculous flamboyance.

Remi's nipples were pierced with little silver hoops, his bellybutton had five silver studs around it with a small chain woven into a five-peaked star. Around that was black ink depicting a sun. Tattoos covered his arms, as well as his back, chest, groin hips, legs and left foot. Hell, the asshole even had Rowie's Toy inked up the entire underside of his cock. Talk about being pathetically pussy whipped.

Remi scowled at that thought, throwing the forbidden fruit's gnawed core to the ground. "She's my mistress, jackass."

Ah. That's right. Remi was bottom in that relationship.

"Look, man," Remi huffed clasping his hands, elbows resting on his knees. "Did you call me here to ponder my sexual relationship with my girl?"

Lucien screwed his face in distaste. "Hardly." He turned to look at Boy Rayne. "Come with me."

Slowly, he made his way to where Remi sat. Boy Rayne followed, but reluctantly.

Lucien dipped his head to bring his eyes level with Boy Rayne's. The silver mask had two openings covered in opaque black glass. He figured they covered whatever remained of the Merulian's eyes. "He's going to help you. Do you understand?"

The Merulian was a battle pet. Hopefully, Lucien's stern Dom's voice would spur the little Merulian to obey.

Remi wiped his mouth with the back of his forearm and slowly slid his feet down to the ground in front of Boy Rayne.

Lucien winced when the sunlight made the red weredragon's Prince Albert glint. Boy Rayne must've seen it too because he began to back pedal away.

"Easy," Lucien said in his most gentle voice, one hand coming up to the dip just above Boy Rayne's backside.
