 So I had a three day weekend and was able to work on chapter nine. Warning on this chapter: Remember how I said writing Redemption was emotionally draining? Well, the story now starts to drift fully into this really dark area. I won't go into too much detail but Lucien had an especially horrific childhood. Again, Throughout the other stories we get that he has a serious issued with being casually touched by males and he seems to have a special hatred for most men in general. Women, on the other hand, fascinate him, but he's been a tad unlucky in love, especially since he likes the rougher side of sex. But enough about Lucien. I'm sure you're eager to get to this chapter, so enough. Last reminder though: This story is about a TRIAD relationship (AS IN THREESOME!!), mostly MFM, but there will be moments of MM, where Boy is more boy than girl (because he's a hermaphrodite alien and has both sexes), and that begins HERE! IN THIS VERY CHAPTER!! (yes, Kyriae, FIALLY what you've been waiting for!) So if you have a problem with bisexuality and one man sucking another man's cock, then wait for the last chapter and read the ending because there will be lots of that from now on. Lucien is in love to his eyeballs, and he will show that love. Now enjoy:

**************

She knelt in darkness, her eyes cast down, watching his big booted feet circle her-slowly, each step measured. His scent, heady, masculine, filled her lungs. She couldn't describe it. How could one describe the wild, the sun, golden light?

Rayne was completely bare for his pleasure, except for the thick bindings holding her wrists behind her back. Her thighs were spread and she could feel the cold air in the room caressing her wet, overheated pussy. Her nipples were pinched into two little points, and she shivered before him, wondering if he found her desirable, if having cut away her long dark locks displeased him. A lump formed in her throat as her eyes stung with unshed tears. She wanted to cry, fall forward and kiss his boots, beg for forgiveness.

Fingers brushed at the nape of her neck, her short hair exposing that area to his touch...

Who stood before her? Was it Lucien? Was it Boy Rayne? She doubted it was Boy. He was just so shy.

Heat engulfed her back and a river of blond spilled over her shoulder, silky strands, a thousand shades of gold.

"Rayne," he whispered huskily in her ear.

She shivered, a flood of arousal instantly filling her, feeding the ache between her legs.

"Master," she moaned and heard him chuckle behind her.

Rayne closed her eyes, tears finally falling but in relief. He wasn't displeased. He still—

Strong fingers gripped her shoulder and shook her. "Come-on, sleepy head. Wake up."

Rayne blinked her eyes open with a start.

Amaranth crossed over in front of her. "You sleep weird."

Rayne groaned when she untangled her hands from the sheet she gripped behind her back. Wincing as she straightened her bent legs, she asked, "Where are we?"

"We're getting closer to Earth now. Thought you'd like to see when we descend."

At her words, Rayne stumbled out of the bed and cried out at the cramp in her legs.

Amaranth grabbed her before Rayne kissed the floor. "Do you always sleep kneeling like that?"

Rayne felt her face heat. "No. I must've been having a bad dream."

Amaranth's brows arched, and a little bulge showed her poking her tongue against the inside of her cheek. "Didn't sound like a bad dream to me. Sounded like you were having a kinky dream...with Lucien maybe?"

The girl smirked and Rayne's face heated further. Lucien. She had no recollection of him and she knew she should. He'd had her memories erased of him...and that stung.

Rayne shook herself free, her nanobot blood already restoring proper circulation to her extremities. "I don't remember now. Why didn't you wake me sooner? I wanted to see the planet from afar."

Amaranth shrugged as they both headed out from the luxurious sleeping cabin within Garethiel's starcruiser. Plush carpeting cushioned their steps as they headed up the central lift in the middle of the starcruiser, up to the piloting cabin.

The panoramic screens were down, all except for the forward facing three.

Rayne froze in her tracks.

Blue and white. The globe slowly rotating before them was a massive blue beauty swathed in swirls of white clouds. There were verdant patches of green, but the sparkling blue took her breath away.

It had taken them two days to get here. Somewhere down there were the Alpha Angels...and Lucien.

Movement snagged her attention. Garethiel sat sprawled in the captain's chair, his white wings draped around him. He'd pulled his blond hair into a high ponytail and had his leg crossed, ankle over knee, as he stared at Earth solemnly and slowly ran an index finger over his lush lower lip.

Rayne finally rushed forward and sat next to him in the copilot's chair. He flinched, as if drawn from some memory before smiling at her.

Ignoring the fact that his smile did not reach his eyes, she asked, "When do we land?"

Garethiel took a deep breath, his blue eyes going back to the rotating planet looming closer every second. "In a few minutes, I guess. Just waiting for the rest of the crew to get up here."

"And we go to where they are?"

Garethiel's soft smile wilted around the edges. "That's not the plan. We're supposed to keep a low profile first and then I alert their Demon-hunting company I'm in need of their services."

Rayne frowned. "But I want to see them now."

Garethiel frowned also. "We go charging right to them we'll draw suspicion and quite possibly ruin their mission."

Amaranth sat opposite Rayne and turned her seat to look at both of them.

"Um...Remuel and Zakreel told us you needed help getting back to them. Why exactly did you get left behind on this mission, if you don't mind my asking?"

Rayne frowned. She didn't want to blurt out that she wanted to slap Lucien. Slap him hard for fucking with her mind and running off on her.

She straightened in her seat and gave them the blank cyborg face. "I want to join the mission. I was out of commission when they left, but I'm better now and feel my services can be useful to them."

Amaranth blinked and her brows went up a bit.

"Sounds reasonable to me," Garethiel sighed next to her.

Sounds behind her let her know the weredragons had come up as well.

Garethiel turned to them. "Where are the others?"

Remuel grinned. "Cyn refuses to come up here, so Chameleon is acting as his security blanket."

"And Drakken is dead in his coffin," Zakreel added as they both sat and strapped themselves in.

Excitement zinged through Rayne as she watched Amaranth begin to pull her harness on too.

Garethiel sighed and pulled himself up straight. He looked at Rayne, "buckle up. Here we go then."

******* 

Lucien could barely see straight. He sat at the darkest corner of the local tittie bar and downed glass after glass of Jack. Another favorite of his. He could feel Zak, Remi and Seth surrounding him.

"We're all supposed to meet at our demon hunting headquarters, Luke," Seth growled behind him.

Most of the strippers had conglomerated on the stage near him, pissing off the other patrons. The females vied for his attention. He ignored them all.

The memory of the first night on Earth replayed in his mind.

"I swear. I'll keep you safe," he'd said to Boy.

Huge lavender eyes stared up at him as she came closer, pressing her little breasts against his chest. He could feel her cock against his since they were almost nose to nose.

Lucien frowned, not recalling her being so tall, but then his mind had shut down when Boy pressed her open mouth against his, her tongue dancing out, caressing, searching, stroking, until Lucien's cock was nothing but a hot lead poker between his legs.

Lucien's head spun and he gripped her ass, bringing her closer, rubbing his aching arousal against her. A sexy growl purred in Boy's throat.

Lucien felt the ridge of flesh that also marked her as male, the sinful feel of it hiking his excitement to fevered pitch.

Sliding his hand up the middle of her back, he gripped her braid, wrapping it around his fist as he walked her back against the edge of the low counter opposite the bed.

The kiss changed. Lucien pulled on the braid, yanking her head back and arching over her so that she was almost bent back under him, totally dominated by him. He kicked her feet apart, gripped one thigh to wrap around his waist, and opened her legs over his jutting erection. They fucked with clothes on.

The sudden dark urge to touch her between her legs took hold of him.

Breaking the kiss and releasing her, he slid his hand to the closure of her pants.

When she realized his intention, she gasped and moved to grab at his hands.

No.

His power surged, locked on her wrists, and twisted her arms behind her back. Her little grunt of pain drove his arousal higher.

He stared down at her wide eyes. "Just say no and I stop," he ground out, unable to help the gruffness of his voice. "If you don't want me touching you, just say so. I'll respect your decision even if it kills me, baby."

She tried to move her hands, but he increased the pressure of his power, effectively holding her submissive before him, the excitement of it roaring through his veins.

When she remained silent, just gaping up at him, he began to undo her pants again, slowly.

Lucien just stared at her beautiful face as he pulled down the zipper and then hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her pants.

Saliva flowed which he had to swallow. Closing his eyes, he pulled her pants and undergarment down around her ankles, going down on his haunches. Her sweet scent filled his nose, and he opened his eyes again.

Using his power, which he wasn't supposed to be doing, he made her tunic disappear and unraveled her hair from its braid, pulling it forward to spill around her in a glorious veil of white silk.

She looked like a lurid goddess, pale-pale flesh, small breasts jutting out enticingly as well as a long slender cock rising up against her muscled belly. The wet folds beneath her cock were dark pink and puffy and she exuded a sweet and salty scent that made his mouth water.

Entranced, Lucien reached up and gripped her cock, wrenching a surprised cry from her.

She was biting her lip, eyes closed tight when he looked up to her face from his squatting position. "Does this hurt?"

"No," she croaked.

He watched her closely as his hand slid down her delicate cock with practiced perfection. "Look at me."

Her eyes blinked open and she released her now swollen lower lip, moist and red from her biting on it. She whimpered.

Lucien leaned closer and kissed one thigh, and then the other. Boy shivered.

He pulled up on the six-inch cock and pressed his face into her pussy, burying his tongue deep. Above him, Boy cried out, her legs almost giving out on her.

Griping her right thigh, he had her straddle his face. A flood of sweetness filled his mouth as he fucked her with his tongue. She was built like a woman, except that where her clit should be...

Lucien stroked the cock some more, feeling how her legs trembled. It was like a giant clit. If he thought of it that way...maybe...

His heart pounded, like a beast demanding release. He watched in awed wonder as Boy's abdominals clenched when he slid his hungry tongue up the thickening shaft in his hand. Boy's hips thrust forward, silently begging.

Lucien began to tremble. Shadows flickered around the edges of his mind, threatening to ruin this beautiful moment.

But the shadows would not be denied: "Come-on, boy," Malvoro chuckled. "Open that pretty mouth. You know you love it."

A sob lodged in Lucien's throat as he closed his eyes and drew Boy's cock into his mouth, doing his best to ignore the painful ghosts of his past. Sweet. Boy tasted sweet here too.

Lucien palmed himself, his own dick hurting from how engorged it was.

Hungry for more of Boy's taste, Lucien gripped slender hips and sucked, his heart racing, the feel of the cock in his mouth driving him wild. Boy's hips thrust, pushing the cock down farther Lucien's throat. When Lucien's swallowing reflex triggered tight pulls on Boy's cock, she screamed, warning him he was going to make her come. He stifled his own cry of agonized pleasure by pressing his entire face to her groin, suffocating himself with her lady-dick. Lucien erupted in a hot flow inside his pants. Boy was thrusting, shoving that cock deeper and deeper down Lucien's throat, and Lucien was allowing it like...

"Yes,boy. I knew you loved being my little pussy-boy," Malvoro cackled, "Suck that dick like the miserable little whore you are."

The realization shocked and shamed him. He could hear Malvoro laughing in his head even as his cum slid down the inside of his thighs.

With a cry of anguish, Lucien sprang away. Boy crumpled to the floor, hunched over a cock streaming pink semen everywhere. Some of it had gotten in his mouth before he pulled away.

Vomit rushed up his throat and he scrambled into the partitioned area to puke into the hole in the corner. The smell of urine and feces hit his nose and he coughed and spit into the hole obviously made for relieving oneself. The sound of the metal barrier scraping over the door had him snapping to attention. He could hear Boy sobbing, the door-locks disengaging, and...

"No," Lucien roared.

Heart in his throat, he fled around the wall to see the doors to the apartment gaping. An air-raid siren was already blaring in the distance—the sound raising every hair on his body in terror as he raced after her.

He was halfway down the spiral stairway before he finally caught her, his hand tangling in the glowing white mass of her hair.

Boy Rayne screamed in fury as he pulled her back against him. The wind howled cold, lightning cracked across the sky. The siren continued to wail.

Boy scratched his face, leaving fire in the wake of her claws, still he fought to enfold her in his arms.

"Let me go, you bastard. I disgust you," she yelled in her deep husky voice.

"We can't be out here," Lucien yelled back, trying to subdue her thrashing naked form.

"What the fuck do you care? Let me go."

"Rayne—"

"I'm not Rayne. Why did you bring me and leave her behind? She's the one you really want. She doesn't have a disgusting boy cock like me."

The fight finally went out of her as she slumped against his chest sobbing.

Lucien sank down on the step, cradling her against him on his lap. Her pants were still tangled around one of her legs. Her distress cleaved his heart deep. He didn't want her to suffer because he was fucked up in the head.

Everything grew dimmer, and he blinked thinking there was something wrong with his eyesight. That was when he realized the siren had gone silent.

The wind whipped his hair around and the stench of rotting flesh and feces grew in the charged air.

"Baby, we gotta go," he said jumping up with her clutched in his arms. "Fuck."

She must've realized the danger also, because thankfully she didn't resist.

Flapping sounds echoed over their heads as they raced back up the steps. It was so dark, Lucien could barely see. The thickening shadows were almost palpable. A long furious screech sounded down below just as they rushed past the doors to their apartment again. Lucien could hear the clattering of hooves racing up the stairs they'd just been sitting on.

Boy grabbed one of the doors as Lucien grabbed the other to shove it closed. He could see something big rushing for them just as they pushed the heavy doors shut. The second he palmed the screen to activate the locks, whatever had hurtled toward them slammed against the door almost opening it again. They threw their weight against the doors trying to get the locks to engage as the door was bashed repeatedly.

The locks had bent. It wasn't working.

Boy and Lucien grappled with the metal beam, trying to position it in the brackets made for it. Another hard thrash against the door kept them from fully seating the beam into place. The locks had bent before fully inserting themselves into place, so the metal beam barely fit in the bent and distorted door brackets.

A loud howl sounded on the other side of the door.

Desperate, Lucien pulled out one of his divine swords and used the hilt to smash the beam down into place.

The clang of metal was deafening, but the beam finally fell into place. They both stood staring at the doors in silence, Lucien's Divine sword glowing brightly in the tiny space behind the double doors.

After a few seconds, another loud roar made them both jump. Whatever was outside was furious. Claws raked down the metal doors, setting Lucien's teeth on edge. Switching his sword to his left hand, he put his right arm out to push Boy behind him and farther into the room.

They backed up to the bed and waited.

After a few unsuccessful attempts by the creature to rip the door off its hinges, silence reigned.

He turned to look at Boy Rayne. She was still naked, except for the tangled pants around her left leg. She stared over his shoulder at the entrance, eyes wide, fangs exposed and claws out.

He threw the sword down, the overwhelming urge to hold her consuming him, but she sprang away with a hiss and a growl.

"Don't," she said moving slowly into the corner of the bed.

They'd barely slept that night. Next morning when they'd all gone out to stock up on necessities, she decided to go off with the reapers, leaving Lucien a seething jealous mess. Fuck. He'd had her cock in his mouth. He felt confused. He wanted to explain to her why he'd reacted the way he did, privately, but the words wouldn't come. Having to dredge up all those horrid memories, the whippings, the tortures, the rapes, and humiliations heaped on him since he could remember.

She'd come back later in the day when they all met up at a restaurant to get a bite to eat. The restaurant was run by Fae and catered mostly to exotic alien species who wanted to try real Earth food without other patrons gawking at them. At least here Devon's cambion nature wouldn't get them mobbed.

Lucien watched Boy and the reapers approach the glass doors to the restaurant.

She'd gotten ink. Her eyes were lined darkly, making the lavender color more hypnotic. Some scrollwork in a light shade of grey started just inside the corner of her right eye around the bottom before dipping into an exotic design down her cheek. She'd added a long black trench coat over her black tee and grey cargo pants and had left her hair loose.

Her shoulders looked wider. He didn't know if it was the illusion the coat gave or if it was her filling out. Her face was still soft and oval though, skin milky white like most Merulians and Fae. She could easily pass for just Fae with her pointed ears peeping out through her opalescent hair.

Lucien sat next to Devon and stared at Boy as she entered the restaurant with reapers to either side of her. Patrons moved out of their way, gaping at the black-winged Seraphs.

Boy looked nervous.

Abdiel leaned over to whisper something in her ear that made her cast her eyes down and blush with a shy smile.

Lucien wanted to rip the Abdiel's wings off and beat him with them—insipid little virgin fuck that he was.

"Geez, calm down," Devon muttered next to him.

Lucien blinked and turned his head to regard his brother with an arched brow.

Devon, who'd gone back to looking like his old self, frowned at him. "Man—I can feel your evil vibes flaring all over me."

Lucien looked down, pulling his fucking evil vibes back in. Life sucked.

Boy chose to sit right across from him instead of next to him. He was flanked by Natanael and Abdy. Great. They both wanted a piece of Boy's ass.
