 Forewarning for this chapter: Again, remember Lucien is into BDSM. If arrogant male Doms piss off your self righteous feminine sensibilities, then this is not the story for you. Lucien never had a normal life. He was abused, he is flawed, he is Dominant (most times) and he's confused. He wants to do what's right, but he needs to learn what that is. He tries.

For those of you crushing on Seth (lol) you get a little taste of him and Ama here. Not sure at what point I'll be overlapping his story with this one, but that point is getting close. I always overlap my stories.

Anyhow, please don't forget to vote, but most of all, please don't forget to comment. I usually check comments before I check scores and barely any comments depresses me, which in turn makes me wonder why I bother to post.

*******

Lucien tore off his shirt and intercepted Boy in the corridor. She released Girl to stand on her own and Lucien made quick work on pulling his shirt over her head. Her arms were next. He slipped them through the sleeves. His snug t-shirt looked baggy on Girl Rayne and fell almost to her knees.

Frowning he smoothed a few stray strands of dark hair from her face. Her eyes remained riveted to the center of his chest. Girl Rayne looked dazed and he took advantage to swing her up into his arms. Boy's eyes went round and his sweet Merulian looked like she was about to protest, but Lucien turned away.

"Come-on, baby," he said over his shoulder to her as he kept walking.

Girl's eyes finally rose to his.

"Who are you?"

His heart clenched. Her eyes swam with tears as she stared deeply into his.

"I'm Lucien, the man you just slapped moments ago," he answered flatly.

Her eyes roved his face, his hair. He could feel her fingers press against the muscles on his shoulders, feeling him. Bright blue eyes slid to his chest. Her cheeks pinkened as she licked her lips. He wondered if his cambion traits still affected her despite the terrible changes she'd gone through.

Why had she struck him?

He didn't need to wait long for the answer.

"Why did you erase my memories of you?"

There it was. Lucien tightened his lips into a hard line. Instead of answering her, he said, "I don't know how you got here, but you're going back."

She thrashed in his hold, taking him by surprise. In an instant, she was on her feet. They were at the foot of the stairs leading back up to the surface. The others formed a wall around them, for which Lucien was thankful lest the hysterical female try to run from them. He glared at her. She glared back.

"I'm not going back," she snapped.

Lucien let his eyes go cold as they traveled down, and then up her mere five-foot-three inches. She barely came up to his breastbone.

"No one invited you on this mission," he answered.

Her brief look of hurt sliced at him, but then she tipped her cute little nose up defiantly and added, "I volunteer."

Lucien looked at Seth, but the bastard only lifted his hands and blurted, "I'm not getting involved in this."

"Jackass," Lucien mumbled before staring down at Girl Rayne.

She scowled at him, clenching tiny fists at her sides. "You didn't answer me. Why did you erase my memories of you?"

Fuck. She was so cute.

Again, he evaded her questioning. "You're not trained for combat."

She came at him then, murder in her eyes. He knew she wasn't really going to hurt him, but she needed to learn how far out of her league she was, cybernetics and all.

He unleashed his power, not allot, but enough to engulf her tiny feminine body.

Girl Rayne fell to her knees before him, eyes wide in shock. He shoved her arms behind her back and power bound them there. He forced her to lean forward and rub her face all over his groin...all over the thickened length of his cock straining beneath the zipper to his black cargo pants.

Boy growled and reached out to grab her, but Lucien tangled her in his seductive web too. Now he had them both on their knees before him. The sight of them there was heady and he threaded his fingers in their hair as he moved his hips forward, trembling when Boy stuck his tongue out to lick the length of him.

"Lucien," Devon snapped.

Boy and Girl fell back when he released them. Everyone stared at him as if he'd lost his mind. Maybe he had.

Wide-eyed, he stared at Boy and girl at his feet. Boy eyed him warily as she helped Girl stand.

He hadn't meant to hurt them. What had he been thinking? Why had he forced them to kneel before him? It was unforgivable. Wasn't having two fucking divine swords supposed to curb his tendency toward evil?

Without waiting any longer, Lucien whirled around and stalked up the steps.

He needed to get far away for a while and get his head together.

******* 

Rayne followed Boy up the spiral metal stairway to the second floor of the building where they were to live until the mission was over. She could hear a loud clanging, metal upon metal, and the scent of heated titanium tickled her nose.

As they strode down the open corridor a group of dwarves approached.

The tallest of them stopped before Devon, who was just in front of Boy.

"Where's the blond male?" The Dwarf growled.

Remien snorted, "which one? There are five in our group."

The dwarf scowled and put his fingers to the corner of his eyes to stretch them out to the sides. "The one with the eyes like this."

Devon nodded with a grin. "That would be my brother. What do you want with him?"

The dwarf's eyes narrowed suspiciously, as he scratched his scraggly beard and looked at Devon. "Tell him next time not to lure one of those things down here. He gets one more door damaged, it's going to stay that way."

Rayne looked at Boy questioningly. His face turned red, but he looked away instead of explaining what the Dwarf meant by what he'd said.

The others headed off to their respective living quarters, but Devon, Remi and Rowie walked Boy and her to theirs.

Devon placed his palm on the small square glass by the shiny metal doors and the locks disengaged.

Boy pushed open the doors with a shy smile directed at her as he led the way inside.

She followed him, but then almost ran into his back when he skidded to a halt just after clearing a wall a few paces in.

Rayne peered around his shoulder and her eyes widened.

The tiny dwelling smelled citrusy and every surface gleamed.

"Hey, there's a traffic jam back here, guys," Remi called out behind them.

Boy startled, and walked further into the apartment.

It was very small, but already Rayne loved it. To her left was an L-shaped counter with storage cabinets underneath and shelves over it. The shelves were stocked with plates, cups and glasses, as well as cooking utensils and pots. The floor beneath her feet gleamed even though she could see it was cracked here and there. To her right, just behind the wall in front of the door, was a sectioned off tiled area. A cream-colored curtain hung off a wire that ran across the front of this tiny section, but it was open enough for her to see faucets low to the floor. A gleaming silver round washtub hung off a peg high on the wall and underneath it was a shelf unit made of metal, matching the wash tub, packed with towels, soaps and bottles of various bright colors.

Her eyes drifted further into the room. Boy was sliding open an enormous round window that led out to a balcony, but her gaze was arrested by a large bed to the right of the room, almost underneath the round window.

White bedding decorated the comfortable bed, as well as brightly colored throw pillows. Chains held the bed suspended from the wall. She suspected that the bed could be folded up and taken out of the way if they wanted.

Boy leaped onto the low shelf that ran behind the bed and under the window, and stepped out. She followed him.

Outside, the cool morning breeze ruffled her short hair as she took in a lungful of fresh air. Silver railing followed the edge of the balcony and to either side of them jutted two walls giving their little balcony privacy. A couple of low chairs and a tiny table was in front of the window. In the left corner of the balcony hung a cascade of rope holding glass jars with strange white stones inside and little green plants. Another large plant sat in the right corner where she saw Boy turn the corner. Curious, she also went around the bend in the balcony and stopped, eyes wide.

There was a wooden platform with another bed and a riot of plants on the wall just behind it. It looked beautiful and inviting. The entire dwelling looked cozy.

Boy turned to her and grinned. "Home, Rayne."

Rayne smiled back, until she remembered Lucien wasn't with them.

Devon stepped up next to her. "Remi has some stuff for you. Come back in so we can show you."

Both Boy and her followed him back inside. There was an enormous box they hadn't seen before wide open in the eating area. Remi and Rowie were taking stuff out and placing them within the cabinets under the counter.

Rayne watched Remi open a long door that ran alongside a storage area and felt a blast of cold air hit her bare legs.

She crossed her arms over her breasts, remembering she was naked under Lucien's shirt. Everyone around her was fully dressed.

"I have food for you guys. This should last about a week or so. Luke can let me know when you guys need more," Remi was saying.

Rowie turned and grinned at Rayne's stunned expression. "We packed food from Alpha 7 and then shrank it so we'd be able to pass it through galactic customs unnoticed.

Rayne swallowed with a nod before she said, "Where is Lucien?"

Everyone looked at Devon just as Angel walked in.

"He should be here soon. I doubt he'll be gone long," he answered turning to look at his mate, adoration clearly in his gaze.

"Remi," Angel said, "your pets have arrived."

"What?" he frowned. "I told those idiots to deliver those Moordian Devils at the headquarters."

He stormed out, cursing under his breath angrily.

Devon grinned and followed him out.

Angel approached Rayne and handed her a bundle of clothing. "Here, you can borrow these until Lucien gets you new stuff."

"Thank you," Rayne replied shyly.

"Well, I better go check on Rem," Rowie sighed with a grin. "That boy has no brain to mouth filter. You guys need anything else?"

Rayne looked at Boy. He was a little behind her, looking at all of them warily.

He shook his head with a gulp. He was afraid of females. Rayne could see it in his eyes and stance, leaning against the frame of the window with his hands shoved deep in his pockets. The breeze blew strands of his glossy white hair around his neck, but his eyes were riveted on all of them.

"Okay," Angel sighed. She must've noticed his tension because she backed away with Rowie. "I guess we'll be leaving then. Remember to engage the locks after we leave. There are allot of weirdoes in this part of the city."

They walked out into the bright sunshine and Boy moved to gently close the double metal doors behind them. After palming the inner lock screen, Rayne heard the locks engaged again and watched him turn slowly.

He watched her silently.

Rayne blinked. "Why did he erase my memories, Boy?"

His eyes ran the length of her. Did she see his gaze heat?

"I don't know," he replied.

She continued to look at him. "Boy, I wouldn't hurt you. Why are you scared of me?"

He leaned against the doors. "It's just..." He looked away then. "I was force-bred. I can't help it. I'm trying though."

Rayne looked at the wash area longingly. She longed to get the feel of Bumaan's hands off her body. He'd fingered her, touched her.

I'm not sure how that works," Boy said.

She looked at him with a smile. "Well, lucky for us I am familiar with how it functions."

His beautiful lavender eyes settled on her face. "You're different."

Rayne grew serious. "How?"

He took a hesitant step toward her. "Before...you were very...submissive."

Rayne remembered what she'd learned about herself. "I was born into a culture where women are without worth. I was a slave."

Boy's head tipped to one side. "I was a slave too."

Rayne frowned. "But you're a man."

Boy's eyes widened. Slowly, ever so slowly, he shook his head, completely confusing Rayne. "I'm male and female, Girl."

She didn't know what to say. She had information in her brain about various androgynous and hermaphrodite species, but had no visual reference to help her understand.

"But I call you he. I'm sorry if I've mislabeled you...um—"

He grinned at her confusion making her feel less awkward. "You can still call me Boy. And I don't mind if you refer to me as he. I feel more male than female actually." His grin faded a bit around the edges, shadows of sadness clouding his pretty eyes.

Wanting to change the subject and hopefully erase the sad look from his eyes, Rayne walked into the washing area and tugged off the shirt Lucien had placed on her. His scent was embedded in the soft material and she closed her eyes to breathe it in deeply before yanking it fully off.

"I need to wash. How about you?"

She pulled the silver washtub off the peg on the wall and settled it beneath the faucet. Left was hot and right was cold. She turned the handles and soon steamy water was pouring into the washtub.

She knelt next to the washtub after grabbing a washcloth and cake of soap. Looking over her shoulder, she was pleased to see Boy removing his clothes as well, although slowly and with wide eyes.

Rayne smiled. "Grab that green pitcher up there and come over."

Boy pulled his boots off and turned to let his pants fall to his ankles, revealing taut white cheeks with cute dimples at the small of his back. Her smile vanished though, when she noticed he had two long scars on his back.

Rayne looked away when he grabbed the pitcher she'd asked for and turned toward her again. Though she was curious to see what a person with both sexes looked like, she didn't want to make him feel uncomfortable by gawking.

She splashed water on her face and thanked him when he handed her the pitcher.

Boy went down to his knees on the other side of the washtub.

Rayne used the pitcher to pour water over herself. She dipped the pitcher back into the tub and then offered it to him with a smile. He smiled back and mimicked her actions.

"Pass me that bright pink bottle behind you," she asked.

Boy reached over his shoulder and handed the bottle labeled shampoo to her.

"Give me your hand," she instructed.

The shampoo smelled like strawberries when she poured out a little into his palm. He stared at it completely lost.

"It's to wash your hair, see?"

She poured some for herself and proceeded to lather her clipped locks.

Before long, they were laughing and lathering up. Boy washed her back and she proceeded to return the favor.

Facing his scarred back, she slowly, gently, smoothed the soapy washcloth over his skin.

"Boy?"

"Hmm?"

She bit her lip. "What happened to you here? Who hurt you?"

He peered at her over his shoulder. "Those aren't scars, Girl."

She blinked at him and then looked at the long deep gashes a few inches apart alongside his spine.

"I'll show you after we dry off."

She stared at his face again and nodded. "Okay."

When done, he wanted to pour water over her to rinse her off and she returned the favor.

She watched the suds flow down his body. Unlike Lucien, Boy was delicate, his muscles less pronounced, but utterly beautiful. She like how pale his skin was, his nipples a dark rose. He'd gotten ink. Aside from the beautiful design on the left side of his face and lined eyes, he had Tribals around his biceps, black wings with double A's around his left nipple and a sun inked in black around his belly button.

Rayne's eyes were drawn to his stiff cock. He was aroused and it surprised her. It also surprised her that she could see no visible evidence of testes under his cock. Where his balls should have been, were a pair of very swollen dark pink lips.

His hand slipping behind her head and dragging her forward had her gasping.

Boy kissed her, his tongue spearing past her lips and eliciting a groan from her.

Rayne had no choice but to climb his lap when his other hand pulled her forward some more by her waist.

His cock was now trapped between their bellies.

She speared her fingers through his wet hair as the kiss grew deeper. He arched against her and she spread her legs wider, rubbing her cunt along his hard erection.

"Beautiful," a deep voice rasped behind them.

Rayne and Boy sprung apart like guilty children.

Lucien leaned against the wall that blocked the door. "Unfortunately for Boy, that's also against the rules."

Rayne frowned in confusion, her eyes darting to a red-faced Boy. He was covering his chest, his shoulders hunched over protectively. Rayne's brows pinched in a scowl wondering why Boy was cowering again.

Lucien also frowned. "What's the matter, baby?"

Baby?

Rayne's eyes flew to Lucien's face, etched in concern now. He'd called Boy baby. What was going on here?

Boy stood abruptly, his eyes closed and his face twisted in pain. Rayne also jumped to her feet, fear slamming into her for Boy.

Boy spun around to face Lucien, letting his arms fall limply to his sides.

Lucien's eyes went round, his jaw dropped when he looked at Boy's chest.

Was he shocked about the tattoos? Why would he be? Unless he'd enslaved Boy and Boy hadn't gotten permission from him to mark himself.

Every protective instinct within Rayne came to the fore.

But no one moved. Lucien's eyes became suspiciously glittery.

"I disgust you, don't I," Boy snarled through gritted teeth.

Not exactly the words Rayne had expected to hear him say. Now she was really confused. What was going on between them?

Lucien's ice-blue eyes snapped back to his face. For a minute he looked furious. Rayne was about to back away but Lucien snagged her around the back of the neck and next thing she knew, Lucien had her and Boy pinned against the wall.

Rayne splayed her hands against Lucien's chest, half of her back was plastered against Boy's chest and he wrapped a protective arm around her waist.

Rayne was shorter than both of them, so she had to crane her neck to look up into their faces.

"Don't ever say that again," Lucien growled, inches from Boy's lips.

Boy gulped, staring into his eyes.

"Why wouldn't I say that? It's the truth isn't it?" Boy retorted.

A strange awareness began to fill Rayne as she stared at her two males. Her own thought had her startling in surprise. Her males?

Lucien's gaze flicked to her before settling on Boy's face again.

His arm engulfing her around the waist made her squeak in shock. Lucien hauled her up so that her face was level with theirs, and then she was witness to the most possessive rough male on male kiss she'd ever witnessed. As a matter of fact, it was the first time she'd seen two males kissing in front of her. It was a sin punishable by death in her culture, but the beauty of it took her breath away.

Did they have a relationship she was unaware of? Lucien had found her lip-locked with Boy. Was he angry?

Confusion clouded her thoughts and she began to struggle to back away from them, pushing on Lucien's chest.

Their lips separated with a wet pop and a pair of ice-blue eyes settled on her face. Boy was just staring at Lucien in befuddled arousal.

"Get in here," Lucien growled.

Rayne's brow furrowed as her confusion grew.

"Kiss us too, Girl," Lucien demanded.

When she would have shaken her head in denial, he swooped in and took her mouth.

Electric heat simmered through her at his taste, but then after a few seconds, she turned her face away.

"No. Stop," she demanded. "Let me down."

Lucien released her and stepped back.
