 The room was not terribly large, not like the factory floor.

Several partial walls divided it into sections, though privacy was minimal and he imagined the walls were more to soften the noise and promote concentration. No one cared about privacy in here. Everyone participated, and no one was ashamed of what he did. 

Seeing what others did was exciting and often gave the men new ideas to try. Just when you thought you had found the limit of what could be done with the models someone would come up with something new, and you just had to try it yourself. 

They were referred to as "she" and "her," though he didn't know why. They were their own objects, unlike any other he'd come across. They resembled the lower half of his own body, though with notable differences. The legs were smoother and hairless, less muscular. 

The place where the legs joined was flat, and one of the two release holes was surrounded by stimulating folds of flesh. The other was tighter and deeper. They were hairless there too. 

At the place where the navel would have been the model disappeared into the wall. You could not get your fingers past the mounting point, though they had all tried. The models were perfectly solid in their mounting to the wall. 

Though he could not say why, the models were exactly what he would have wanted to accomplish his release. Their smoothness was so appealing, and their orifices so well designed, that he came again and again without tiring of the activity. 

The best part about them was how interactive they were. 

He remembered well the first time he had been introduced to this room. Jacob had showed him where to go, and instructed him in how to use the models. They were so different from the one he had been given when his body began to change. That one was made of plastic that he lubricated himself, and its limbs were amputated at what would have been mid-thigh on a man. It had been poseable and mountable and very pleasant for his needs at the time, but he had no idea what has in store for him once he was finally old enough to work. 

The shift bell had rung and Jacob cocked his head toward the door. "Have you been to Release here yet?"

Adam shook his head. He didn't know what Jacob was alluding to, but followed him down the hall past the cafeteria and to the room. 

"What do you think?" Jacob asked. Adam looked around in wonder at the pairs of leg-like limbs emerging from the floor and walls. One or two men were already inside, thrusting.

"This one's my favorite," Jacob said. "I was hoping it would be free."

The models were customizable, and could be moved from the wall to the floor easily. Adjustable frames posed the limbs how you liked them. Jacob pulled one up to waist height and pinned the legs upward with a practiced motion. 

"You can go right in if you like," he said as he unbuttoned his coverall. "Or you can warm them up first. This is the spot that does it." He rubbed his thumb against the crux of the folds and to Adam's amazement the orifices winked. "There she goes."

It was difficult to choose at first. There were so many models, each so appealing in her own way. He chose one on the floor since that was how he was used to accomplishing his release with his old model in his bunk. 

He turned the model over so that the tight hole was upward and reached down to caress the spot Jacob had indicated. The hole winked and the passage between the folds began to glisten. She was wonderfully warm to the touch, and he could feel pulse-points beneath his fingers. She was so alive, it was almost like touching the flesh of a fellow man. He was desperately erect at the thought of entering her. 

"Go for it," Jacob said, now pumping hard. "Don't be shy. You're going to love her."

Adam guided his cock along the cleft and felt himself slip into the shorter passage. Just as he hit home his thighs pressed hard against the flesh around the hole. She was perfect for him. The folds dragged along his cock as he retreated, and her self-lubrication was all over him when he emerged. 

"Oh my God," he moaned. It was too perfect, too right. And then he was grasping her around her narrow waist and giving her everything he had until he found his release, hard and fast, almost too fast. 

"Blew your load already?"

"Yeah."

"Give it a second and go again. Try the back hole this time, it's fantastic after the front one. I like to mix it up."

He did. The back hole swallowed him up in its exquisite tightness and he nearly came again instantly. 

"Kinda makes the factory worth it, huh?" Jacob said, spitting on his hand and thrusting several fingers into the hole he wasn't currently using. He caressed his own flesh through the membrane and gave a grunt of satisfaction. 

"D-definitely."

At first he came several times a day, and tried every model multiple times. Once he'd tasted every hole he began to get creative. 

Sometimes he would lie down on the floor and rest his head between a model's legs, burying his face in her scent and lapping at the stimulation point with his tongue until the model quivered and an alluring, musky scent surrounded him. Then he would fuck her slowly, reveling in her slickness. 

Sometimes he would join another man if the models were all taken, and they would alternate their thrusts in the two holes to achieve extra stimulation. 

Once he tried to put his entire fist, wrapped around his cock, into the hole. He got half of it in before the model reached her limit. He switched to the back hole and abused the stimulation spot until the hole tightened around him the way he liked. 

Often he would take a model just after another man had left her, and feel the heat of the man's release around his cock. It would squeeze out around him and she would tighten even faster after the recent use. In no time she was spasming around him in rhythmic waves and he could crest the motion to his own precipitous release. 

As he came, he silently thanked whomever had designed the exquisite models. They made it all worth it. They made work bearable. He had never realized it could feel so good to be a man. 

***

"Time for bed, girls," called the matron, clapping. "Put down your work and strap in."

The girls obeyed, chattering and laughing as they nestled into Rest. Freshly bathed and bowels squeaky clean, they slipped naked into the comfortable adjustable apparatus, tightened the waist strap and placed the soft masks over their noses. 

"I love Rest," one said sleepily as the mask began to hum. "I always have the most stimulating dreams."