 A/N: I wanted to try something new so I'm not sure how well it turned out.

*****

"Jordan Barr, you have a visitor."

If he could move or at least didn't have a mask covering half his face, he would have expressed shock. Instead, he cocked an eyebrow. He raised it even further when the person who entered wasn't anyone he recognized. Then again he doubted anyone he knew would show up to see him. They would probably be arrested right on the spot. What was even more surprising was that the guard left to give them privacy. They've never done that before. Despite being strapped into a chair that kept him from being able to move in the slightest, they still didn't trust him to not try something. They were right.

"Hello, it's a pleasure to meet you Jordan Barr."

His eyes trailed down the mysterious woman's form. Silver hair that pooled down at her feet and red eyes that reminded him of rubies were not ordinary features. He instantly thought she went through a lot of trouble to grow out her hair and dye it to get that kind of color. Her eyes could easily be explained with contacts. Even so, he never heard of anyone that looked remotely like her, and he found it hard to believe that no one would take notice of such a person. Everything about her screamed for people to pay attention.

"I don't know you."

She smiled. "No, you don't."

"Then why are you here?"

"I have a proposal for you." His black eyes narrowed. "It would be such a waste to leave such a...valuable specimen such as yourself locked up here, but we can't just let you out. You currently have two choices. One of them is to remain stuck here for the rest of your life whether or not you cough up everything you know."

"And the other?"

"You choose to be under my care and be converted into someone who could be let back out in the world."

Who was this woman? How could she get away with offering something like this, and why him? He was not foolish enough to believe that he was as valuable as she claimed he was. It was the reason he got caught in the first place. He had been expendable. Even if he decided to tell them everything, he doubted anything he had would be useful. His associates would have been smart enough to reveal too much information to him, and anything valuable that he did know would have been moved. No, he was not going to be sell out. There had to be more to this.

"Judging from your expression, it looks like you prefer to keep your silence, or maybe the muzzle is keeping you from answering." He narrowed his eyes. "Did I hit a nerve? Well, I supposed if that's what you want, I can't force you otherwise."

"Miss Angelica, your time is up."

"Oh very well," she said as she turned her back on him. "You don't have to give your answer now. I'll let you think on it. Give me your answer the next time we meet."

The answer was obvious to him. There was no way he was going to take her offer. At least while he was imprisoned, he knew what to expect. They would keep him locked up like an animal and interrogate him for information. He would of course refuse to answer. The process would continue until the day he died. The more he thought about it, however, he could see the benefits of accepting her offer. While it was true that he had no idea of what he would face if he did accept her offer, there were two obvious things he would get.

One of them was information. In his prison, he was kept fairly ignorant of what was going on on the outside. He didn't even know how long he had been there. There were no windows or a clock so he couldn't even tell if it was morning or night. He relied solely on his sleep and meal schedule to even get a vague idea of how much time had passed. Not only that, but if he went with her, he could get information about such a beauty. While she wasn't his type, he could see someone like her selling well.

The other was a chance to escape. She obviously meant parole though why she didn't use the word was unclear. He could use it to either trick her into believing he had been reformed or slip away. It depended how she intended to keep him from escaping parole and where it would be. He actually didn't know what prison he was in. The first thing he saw after he woke up from his capture was his jail cell. He supposed it made sense. Even though he was new to the crime scene, he already had a long list of crimes that could be pinned on him.

"Jordan Barr, you have a visitor."

So she was back again. He wondered how much time had passed since they last met. She was even wearing the same dress from last time. The same infuriating smile was plastered across her face as if she knew she had won. It was as if she knew what his answer would be. He supposed he didn't really have any option to begin with. It was either be stuck in prison with no chance of seeing the outside world or going on parole and seeing what opportunities presented themselves. He still wanted to rip the smile off her face.

"So what's your answer?"

He barely could keep track of what was happening. As soon as he agreed to go on parole, her smile seemed to grow even wider before she ordered him to be released into her care. What should have taken days or weeks to process took mere minutes. It was completely unnatural. She had to have considerable influence to convince them to hand him over without batting an eye. The only thing they had to restrain him were handcuffs and guards. As they were escorted to the vehicle, he noted that it was past noon. Once they were settled in, they were off to their destination.

"I'm so glad you accepted my offer. I did worry you were going to say no."

"How could I refuse such an offer," he drawled.

She reached a hand out to him and he allowed her fingers to brush against his cheek. "It's so hard to find such lovely material these days." He felt a chill run down his spine. "I usually don't get involved in such matters, but once I saw you, I couldn't resist."

"So I was simply offered parole because of my looks?"

"I wonder."

Jordan really couldn't understand her. Nothing about the situation was normal, but then again he was a criminal. He didn't exactly go around and do normal things. Even so, he couldn't stop the sense of unease that he made the wrong choice. The rest of the trip was silent. While he had questions about where they were going and what exactly he had to do for his parole, he had a feeling she wasn't going to answer him until they reached their destination. All the hints she had been giving seemed to revolve around his body. If he didn't know any better, he would have thought she was going to make him a sex slave or sell him off. Such an idea was ludicrous.

"Well, we're here."

Finally taking his eyes away from her, he was startled to see a mansion. What on earth? Had he been sold to some wealthy woman to be her slave? That had to be illegal. The government couldn't just sell their prisoners whenever they wanted though he did hear some strange rumors about prisoners disappearing. Of course they were never said to disappear. It was always that they died or were transferred, but some of the details had been suspicious. Did that mean this woman was in on it?

"What's wrong? You look worried."

He had to get away, but he was still handcuffed and the guards hadn't left. "I find it quite particular that I'm serving parole in a mansion. I can't possibly imagine what you expect me to do here."

"Well, I never said it was parole."

"So you tricked me?"

"You're the one who assumed it was parole."

His eyes scanned his surroundings as they entered further into the mansion. With how fast the guards were forcing him to move, he was having a hard time keeping track of their path. He would need to know it if he decided to make a break for it soon. The few servants they passed didn't say a single word to them. They did glance at Angelica before adverting their eyes with a slight flush to their cheeks. Those signs didn't bode well for him as it seemed to provide evidence for the ridiculous idea he had formed.

"Then what do you intend to do with me?"

"I told you. My job is to rehabilitate you."

"What does that mean?"

She indicated for him to sit down across from her which he took. "I'm in charge of a special rehabilitation program. I'm informed by the government about prisoners in their care that they would like to be rehabilitated. Of course, I don't always agree. Not everyone is considered worth my time."

So she was responsible for the disappearance of the prisoners. That still didn't explain where they went afterwards. They simply vanished into thin air. The records said otherwise, but his associates had made it clear that no one had seen them anywhere. The missing prisoners had to have changed their identity, but for the government to waste so much money on something like that without letting people know about such a program didn't seem right. There had to be more to this "rehabilitation program".

"It looks like you find it hard to believe, but I assure you that it's a legitimate program."

"Say everything you said is true, what will happen to me?"

"You have three choices. While in the program, you will either be able to go back to society as a changed person, stay with me and help me with my work, or go back to prison if I can't rehabilitate you. The third option has never happened to me and I really do hope you choose the second option."

He noted that she still didn't say how she would rehabilitate him. "The second option?"

"I rarely find someone so interesting."

"Is everyone here part of the program?"

"That's correct. They chose to stay here."

"Sorry to disappoint, but I find that I prefer option one."

"Very well, I'll make the preparations. If you end up changing your mind, let me know."

She left without another word and he still couldn't believe it. That was it? She took his word for it and left him by himself. The guards had even taken the handcuffs off and left him alone. She had to be out of her mind to leave a criminal unguarded. This was the perfect chance to escape and if he bumped into anyone, he could use any of the servants as hostages. Standing up, he reached for the door to find it was locked. Perhaps she wasn't as foolish as he first thought. His only choice was to wait for her to return.

After a couple of hours of waiting, the door opened and he immediately noticed something was off. She was no longer wearing a dress. Instead, she was draped in a robe and was holding out a lantern and a bottle. He scrambled to his feet only to collapse to his knees. What happened? What was going on? Why couldn't he move? His body was suddenly burning up. His prison outfit that they had forced him to wear was far too tight. He needed to get out of it.

"What did you do?"

"I'm going to rehabilitate you."

Her robe fell to the ground and his eyes widened into saucers. An erect dick was staring right in his face. She was a he? How was that possible? Gazing upward, he saw that her breasts were still there. What did this mean? What was going on? His mind was soon too muddled to think about it. He could feel himself growing harder by the second. It had to be the work of an aphrodisiac. His eyes darted to the burning candle inside the lantern she had set on the table.

"Apologies, but I find the process more enjoyable if the both of us are enjoying it. If you're wondering about the aphrodisiac, I actually had the servants release it slowly into the room while I prepared. The candle is only to improve the mood."

He opened his mouth to shout at her, but the words failed to leave his mouth. She grabbed him by the hair and slammed her cock down his throat. He choked as he clawed at her thighs. His strength was leaving him. She moaned as she slid out of his mouth before slamming back in, hitting the back of his throat. He couldn't breathe. Tears prickled at the edge of his eyes as she fucked his mouth. With a harsh thrust, she came quickly and he sputtered as her cum forced its way down his throat. Most trickled down his mouth and onto the floor.

"That wasn't so bad was it. You even came from that."

Jordan didn't have to look down to see she was right. He had shamefully come from being throat fucked. Releasing her grip on his hair, she was quick to undress him and his hard dick was released from his confines. Cum covered his stomach and his breath hitched when she rubbed her cock against his. He was straight. There was no way he could find this remotely arousing, but her hands were wrapped around their two cocks, rubbing them together. He moaned as she stole his mouth into a kiss.

"As I thought, you really do have a lovely body. It's the best kind of material to work with."

Her hands released their dicks to tease his hardened nipples. He never thought having his nipples being teased would feel so good. She pinched and pulled as she nipped at his throat. There was a burning ache in his chest. It felt like he had three cocks instead one. She ground her hips into his and his sensitive dick was rubbing against her. Groaning, he felt himself spill his seed on the both of them.

"You're really cute with tiny breasts. I wonder how you would look with bigger ones."

Dazed, he gazed down at his chest and, to his astonishment, saw that he indeed had breasts now. "What are you?"

"I'm a witch. My magic allows me to change a person's body. I can turn a woman into a man and vice versa. It makes it so easy to give people a new identity to work with." That explained why none of the missing prisoners were found. They had essentially been given a sex change. "I typically keep a hands off approach, but I find myself there are some exceptions."

Her mouth sucked on his budding breasts. He whimpered as her tongue swirled around his nipples before biting down. Panting, he asked, "So you're going to turn me into a woman?"

"It's part of the rehabilitation process, but it would be such a waste to get rid of such a wonderful cock."

She slid down until she was facing his erect dick. Swallowing it whole, she buried her face into his groin. He jerked his hips upward. Her hands gripped his thighs as her teeth brush against the sensitive flesh. Pulling away until only the tip was stuck between her lips, she got down on him again. As she sucked his dick, he could only groan and moan as he came again. She swallowed down his cum and he saw that he was still hard.

"I think that's enough for now," she said as she got to her feet.

"Hold on." He was still horny and the way her hips swayed didn't help in the slightest. "You can't leave me like this."

"This is just our first session. I'm sure our next few sessions would turn you into someone suitable for society." He whimpered. This was only the first session? How many more sessions did she plan to make him endure? "I'll have the guards escort you to your room and don't worry. They know better to take advantage of someone in the rehabilitation program."

Just as she said, the guards entered the room, but didn't make a move on him. They simply helped him to his feet and he found himself cumming just from them holding him. It would have been better if they just raped him right then and there. The hole he had never used before ached to have something stuffed inside it. With no strength in his legs, they practically carried him to his room. A trail of cum followed them. They passed by several servants who stared at his naked body. He could see why they would choose to stay. If just one session was enough to turn him into a mess, he wouldn't want to leave either.

She did say he could change his mind. They stopped in front of a door and he was pushed inside. "This is your room. Have fun with yourself."

It was a simple room with a bed, table, and closet, but that wasn't what held his attention. On the bed was an array of sex toys laid out just for him. Yes, he was definitely going to have some fun.