 Author's Note: Hey friends! This is a short one-shot I wrote on whim, to take a break from my more serious-ish serial work (The Sword and the Soul). This is an extremely goofy and quite filthy story, but it was a fun diversion from my generally more plot and character heavy stuff. I've sprinkled some references in here and there, some oblique, some pretty obvious. Let me know if you spot them! If ya'll like this, I'll certainly consider doing more in this vein. Enjoy!

#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

Meghyn knew exactly what she was doing when she tricked Romi and Uli into eating the magic mushrooms, and she knew it was wrong.

But knowing something is wrong, and still doing it, is no excuse.

The shrooms grew in a cluster down in the dell, a thick patch of closely growing toadstools beneath the shade of an old oak tree. They were colored a bright red, with wide caps dotted with white. She knew this particular variety intimately: Ventest Caps, the most potent and magical of all fungi. They were a delicacy to the experienced mushroom hunter, and produced astounding effects which Meghyn had sampled on several occasions.

She and the boys had taken a shortcut across the creek and through the woods to her favorite mushroom gathering spot. As she crested the hill and gazed down into the grassy dingle, her eyes lit up and her heart beat faster in her chest. Romi and Uli joined her at the top a moment later, but they had no idea what a find this was, and only looked politely at Meghyn, waiting for an explanation. Romi couldn't help stealing a glance at Meghyn's tits, which did not escape her notice.

Meghyn had a lovely pair of breasts, and she knew it. They stood proud and firm, with a pleasing weight to them, and she didn't mind flaunting that feature at all. In fact, all of her was lovely, and Meghyn knew that as well. She had oceans of curly red hair and creamy white skin dotted with freckles. Her nose was small and cute, her honey-colored eyes were large and bright, and her plump ass was shapely and firm. Out here in the podunk countryside, on the edge of the kingdom, she met precious few boys to use her charms on, and it was a damn shame to let them go to waste.

Romi and Uli, the twins from the next village over, had grown up a lot since she'd last seen them two years ago. Both were men now, and strapping men at that. Romi was the burlier of the pair, with chestnut hair and a fine, bushy mustache. His stocky frame had a bit of roundness to it, but arms were all muscle. GIl was taller with a lean, athletic build, his hair and mustache a dark black. Romi had a brash, confident demeanor, while Uli was the more prudent of the pair. Meghyn had kept her eyes on them ever since they came to stay with their uncle earlier in the week. They were nice, polite farm boys who treated her like a lady whenever they spoke.

But Meghyn didn't want to be treated like a lady.

So she'd baited them into this mushroom hunting trip, hoping to seize the opportunity for some quality time, and now her plan had succeeded beyond her wildest dreams. Considering the possibilities these beautiful red and white Ventest Caps presented was causing Megyn's blood to throb between her legs.

"Take a look at that!" announced Meghyn, point a finger down the hill at the stand of speckled shrooms.

"What are we looking at, exactly?" asked Romi, scratching his head.

"Mushrooms, brother," supplied Uli.

"I know that, genius! I mean, what's the big deal? We've been gathering shrooms all day."

"Not like these, we haven't," said Meghyn with a knowing smile. 

She beckoned for the brothers to follow her and tore down the hill, giggling with delight as the wind lifted the skirt of her sunflower-colored dress. The brothers, looking at each other with puzzlement, followed dutifully.

At the bottom of the dell, Meghyn chose a tall, spongy cap and plucked it from the ground. The vibrant color was even more enchanting up close, and she resisted popping the whole thing in her mouth at once. Instead she offered it to the twins.

"This is a Ventest Cap, a very special mushroom," she said. "It has a flavor like no other, and it's delicious even when raw. Try it if you don't believe me."

Uli looked at the fungus guardedly, but Romi, ever the game type, shrugged and took a big chomp from the cap. As his teeth worked through its spongy flesh his blue eyes went wide, and a huge grin spread across his face.

"Now that's a good mushroom!" he announced. "Uli, you have to try this."

"I don't know," said Uli. "Gran always said to be careful eating uncooked mushrooms."

"Trust me," said Meghyn, smiling disarmingly. "This one's very healthy. It'll make your brain powerful."

Romi was nodding emphatically as he took another bite.

"Best mushroom I ever tasted," he said between bits of fungus.

"Well..." said Uli. "All right."

The taller twin took a cautious nibble. As soon as the shroom hit his tongue, he gasped in amazement, a look of bliss coming over his face.

"Now that's a mushroom!" he exclaimed. "So savory, so tender! It's a masterpiece!"

In less than a minute the twins had gobbled down the fungus as Meghyn watched with a wicked, satisfied grin. She gestured to the patch below them, where nearly two dozen of the red and white delicacies grew, and the brothers practically dove in. They each grabbed a second shroom and tucked into it with vigor, while Meghyn picked one to enjoy herself.

They were all halfway through their third shroom when the magic kicked in.

Meghyn held a hand in front of her face and watched her fingers wriggle like worms. Unnatural colors swam dreamily in front of her eyes, vibrant pinks and lush purples, and the ground below her seemed to undulate gently. She looked over at the brothers, who were both sitting on the ground, mouths hanging agape, staring at her with glassy eyes, their pupils huge and dark. Both of their mustaches seemed to twitch and dance like caterpillars across their upper lips.

"You're looking kinda strange, there, Meghyn" said Uli. "Your dress keeps changing colors. And your boobs keep bouncing up and down and side to side. Woah, did I just say that? Sorry for looking at your boobs, Meghyn."

"Ha!" laughed Meghyn. "Don't be sorry. There's nothing wrong with looking at my tits. In fact, why don't you take a closer look?"

She held out her arms and twirled her way over to the boys, enjoying the way the trees, grass, flowers, and sky all seemed to swirl together. Stopping breathlessly in front of the twins, Meghyn shrugged the straps of her dress down over her shoulders. With a gentle tug the bodice slid down over her breasts, revealing them in all of their glory. The flesh of her bountiful tits were milky white and speckled with freckles, and her nipples were pale as well, with a bit of rosy color at the tips. Uli gasped at the sight, while Romi only stared wide-eyed.

"What do you think?" she asked.

Uli, all his inhibitions flying away like birds on the wind, replied honestly. "Those are the most fantastic tits I've ever seen, Meghyn."

"Show me how much you love them," she said.

Meghyn lowered her right breast to Uli mouth, and he clamped his lips around it hungrily, suckling her nipple until it was firm in his mouth. She sighed happily, the sensations sending pleasing tingles through her body and making her squirm. All of her senses were heightened now, and she felt a primal connection to Uli as his tongue stroked lovingly over her aching nip. This was clearly not his first time sucking on a tit, and he showed some finesse in the way he swirled and flicked his tongue.

She pulled her breast away from his mouth, and Uli gave a pitiful whimper, like a baby deprived of its mother's milk.

"Your brother needs a turn," explained Meghyn.

Romi grinned happily as she lowered her left breast to his mouth, and he practically chomped on it. Meghyn squealed as Romi went to work much more aggressively than his brother had. The stouter twin clamped down on her nipple with his teeth, sending exquisite pain coursing through her nerves.

"Oh yeah," moaned Meghyn. "I like it when you bite them. You can be rough with me, baby."

He continued to torture her nip, worrying it between his teeth and causing Meghyn to take sharp intakes of breath, the sensations so intense she almost couldn't stand it.

She popped her breast from his mouth and admired herself. Both nipples were painfully erect now thanks to the boys' ministrations, and they glistened prettily with saliva. Her brain was throbbing with magic, and her tits seemed to throb as well, swelling hugely with each pulse of blood, her pointy nipples gyrating in the air. They changed color as well, shifting from rosy pink to deep blue to fiery orange.

"Wow," remarked Romi. "How are they doing that?"

"Magic," answered Meghyn. "Did I forget to mention that Ventest Caps are magic? How absent-minded of me. You should be really feeling the effects now. They include heightened senses, a rise in body temperature, oracular visions, and a spike to arousal."

Uli counted off the symptoms on his fingers as Meghyn listed them, and blushed hotly at the last one.

"Seems like everything's working as it should. Say, boys, why don't you show me your mushrooms? I'm still hungry."

In case they didn't quite catch her meaning, Meghyn put her hands over both of their groins and felt both their cocks swelling in their trousers. They seemed to squirm like snakes beneath her touch. Both twins groaned appreciatively at her caress, and for a moment they met one another's eyes. It was a brief moment, but something passed between them, as if they were deciding whether or not to throw caution to the wind and go all the way. Their brains were stuffed full of magic that made them horny beyond belief and zapped their inhibitions, so after a brief pause they nodded to one another and unbuckled their trousers.

Romi's cock sprang free first, and it was already half-hard. Meghyn wasted no time in stroking it with a delicate hand until in no time at all it was fully erect. It felt hot to her touch and she could feel every ridge, every vein, every bump in the girthy shaft. Uli struggled a bit more, but his came free as well, and Meghyn grabbed it with her right hand, stroking his longer cock until it was jutting proudly up and away from his hips. Both brothers were groaning and straining in her touch.

"My, what lovely toadstools you have!" exclaimed Meghyn.

Both of their cockheads were swollen and beautiful. Romi's was a bright red color, and his crown was wide and flared. Uli's was a more violet hue, and his corona didn't spread nearly as much as his brother's, but it was quite a bit longer to compensate.

"Whose should I taste first?" wondered Meghyn out loud.

"Mine!" cried Romi. "Oh please, Meghyn, I'm dying for it!"

"Uh," stammered Uli. "You choose, Meghyn. I'd love it if you chose mine, though."

Charmed by his bashfulness, Meghyn released Romi and lowered her face to Uli's cock.

"No fair!" said Romi.

"You'll get a turn," said Meghyn. "Just be patient."

She inhaled Uli's masculine scent, and her magic-enhanced nostrils carried the heady aroma straight to her brain. Her tongue lolled out of her mouth and dragged against the underside of Uli's shaft. The first taste of his cock was electrifying. It shot through her blissed-out brain like lightning, raising her body's arousal by another level. She was drunk on mushrooms and cock, all of the magic cascading through her mind and sending her on a cosmic voyage of lust.

Meghyn wanted more. She wrapped her lips around Uli's cock, locking eyes with him for a moment as she did so. He was staring down in disbelief, no doubt astounded at his own luck to be getting a blowjob from such a gorgeous girl. His mushroom jumped in her mouth and a bead of his precum leaked out onto her tongue. It tasted divine, like honed sunlight, and Meghyn moaned happily around the meat stuffing her mouth.

Romi was impatient for his turn. Meghyn noticed him stroking his girthy cock out of the corner of her eye, and a bit of clear fluid was seeping from his tip as well. Her magic-seized brain focused on how the fluid twinkled with color, glimmering like liquid diamond in the afternoon sun, and was overcome with the urge to taste it. She let Uli go, leaving him to groan in disappointment, and transferred her hot mouth to Romi's girthier mushroom.

"Yahoo!" exclaimed Romi. "Oh, Meghyn, you're amazing!"

"Aww, and I was just starting to get close, too," said Uli dejectedly.

Romi's taste was even richer than his brother's if that could be believed, or maybe it was just the magic mushrooms taking a tighter hold on her senses. In any case, Meghyn felt like an animal in heat, eagerly bobbing her head on Romi's pole and lapping up as much of his precum as she could get. Her lips were stretched wide around him, and she was torn between the urge to breathe and the urge to swallow as much of his meat as she possibly could.

"Hey, uh, Meghyn, do I get another turn maybe?" asked Uli, somewhat sheepishly.

Remembering that there was another tasty mushroom waiting for her, Meghyn popped Romi's cock out of her mouth and turned back to Uli, taking his longer shaft halfway into her mouth in one go. He had a mellower taste compared to his brother, and his slimmer size made it easier to take more of him deeper. Before she knew it he was pressing into her throat, and in the grip of ensorcelled passion, Meghyn found her instinct to gag completely absent.

"Oh wow, Romi, you'll never believe this. She's deepthroating me!"

"Must be nice," said Romi, no small amount of envy in his voice.

Sure enough Meghyn was able to take Uli into her throat and hold them there for a few seconds before she had to come up for air. She repeated the feat a few more times, earning joyful grunts from the taller twin.

But Romi was impatient for it to be his turn again. He grabbed two fistfuls and Meghyn's curly red hair and yanked her off of Uli's cock. She gasped in shock and pleasure at the rough treatment, but didn't have much time to breathe before Romi pressed her face down onto his own mushroom again.

It went on like that for several ecstatic minutes. Meghyn would blow one twin until the other got impatient, and then she would switch, getting both of them close to the edge over and over and then leaving them agonizingly bereft. After about six repetitions, neither of them could take it anymore.

"I'm gonna blow, Meghyn!" announce Romi. "Can't take no more."

"Me too!" said Uli. "I mean, if it's okay with you, that is."

"Let me have it, boys," said Meghyn.

She took a cock in each hand and jerked them hard and fast, looking back and forth and meeting their eyes in turn, revelling in the lusty expressions both gave her. They strained and grunted, all of their muscles tensing, and she knew they were both ready to burst. She lolled her tongue out of her mouth, silently urging them to coat it with their seed. 

Uli exploded first, giving a strained yelp as a rope of cum splashed across Meghyn's face. A bit of it got into her waiting mouth but most of it hit her nose and forehead, coming dangerously close to her eye. It was shooting out a lot more forcefully than she'd anticipated, so she angled his cock down to point at her tits instead. The next burst went right across her right nipple, dousing it in pearly essence.

Romi blew right after that, and she levered him down at her tits as well. His first blast splattered her left breast, and she practically jumped in the air. The sensation of two cocks forcefully spewing their seed onto her tits was sending shockwaves through her flesh, and Meghyn suffered a small climax solely from the sensation. The ground beneath her seemed to undulate as all three of them came together. Meghyn praised the gods for the spectacular fungi.

They boys dispensed about eight ropes each, and when they were done, Meghyn was a mess. Her tits were positively drenched in cum, and she admired the way they gleamed as it rolled across them. She released the twins' cocks and squeezed her own breasts, pressing them together and watching how the seed in her cleavage flowed over her exquisitely curved flesh. It felt hot and cold all at once, and it shifted through a panorama of colors as it rippled along.

"You look fucking hot like that, Meghyn!" cried Romi.

"Yeah," agreed Uli. "You're a, uh, very beautiful woman."

"And you're two strapping lads," she replied. "Look! Your cocks aren't getting soft at all!"

"Whoa, you're right," said Romi, grabbing his own tool appreciatively. "Boy, Meghyn, I feel kind of weird. Everything's getting all wobbly. Is this okay?"

"Oh yeah," said Meghyn. "You're ascending to another plane of enlightenment. Now get those clothes off, I want your cocks inside me."

It was a ludicrous race to undress. The boys were shaky on their feet and kept tripping and bumping into each other, owing to how the ground ebbed and flowed below their feet like the deck of a ship bucking on the waves. Meghyn was used to these sensations (she was an experienced mushroom hunter, after all), and more easily accounted for the dizzy, giddy feelings overcoming her. Her skin tingling, Meghyn got her balance and peeled her sunflower-colored dress up and over her head. Beneath it she wore nothing at all. Meghyn stood fingering her dripping quim beneath the patch of fiery red hair between her legs, waiting impatiently as the boys struggled with their clothes.

An impish idea came over her. Meghyn got down on her hands and knees, facing away from the boys, and looked back over her shoulder.

"Oh, boys," she said, and both looked over in astonishment at her beautifully presented ass, firm and plump and creamy. "First one undressed gets to fuck me."

She laughed as the twins went into a frenzy, practically tearing their clothes off in their haste. It was Romi who won in the end, thought he hadn't removed one of his boots yet and his trousers still hung loose from one leg.

"You cheater!" exclaimed Uli, as he'd taken his own boots off first.

"Boots don't count!" said Romi as he dove to his knees behind Meghyn. "Besides, you got her mouth first."

"Aww," groaned Uli.

Meghyn felt Romi's thick mushroom rubbing at her slit, working up and down until it was coated with her juices. Then he pushed forward hurriedly, not giving her time to get used to his size as he split her sex open. Meghyn yelped at the sudden penetration, and then yelped again as Romi pulled back and then drove himself all the way inside, his hips slapping against her ass and making it jiggle.

"Oh fuck!" cried Meghyn. "So rough!"

"Thought you liked it rough?" asked Romi as he gave her pussy another forceful thrust.

"Yes! Fuck! I! Fuck! Do! Fuck!" shouted Meghyn as Romi really started giving it to her.

The stouter of the twins built up to a blistering pace, not giving Meghyn any time to catch her breath as he fucked her pussy hard and deep. She could feel another intense climax building and knew it wouldn't be long before she was coming on his cock. Her whole body was afire with sensation, a sheen of perspiration covering her pale, freckled skin. Her tits swung pendulously beneath her each time Romi's hips slapped against her ass, flinging off droplets of sweat and cum.

Uli, in a surprisingly display of assertiveness, knelt down in front of Meghyn and presented his still-swollen purple shroom to her.

"Hey, Meghyn," said the taller twin. "Would you mind doing me too?"

"Don't ask permission," she managed to whimper out. "Just stuff it in my mouth."

Uli shrugged and did as he was asked. As Meghyn's warm and waiting mouth lolled open, Uli fed her inch after inch of his cock, until she'd gotten most of it in her mouth. Romi had slowed down his pace while his brother got into position, but now that both twins were situated, the stouter of the pair renewed his thrusting with increased vigor. Every time he and Meghyn's hips crashed together, her face was pushed forward onto Uli's rigid shaft.
