 As the two settle in at the spring, Ramas keeps his eyes averted. Val thinks for a moment, then sighs. "Ramas... there's something I want to try."

The boy flushes. "Y-yeah?"

She bites her lip a little. "I... I want to... maybe kiss you?" Val was hoping for more than a kiss. She'd been yearning for him, for his touch, for months. The night before she'd resorted to masturbating to go to sleep, her mind screaming his name.

Ramas swallows. "Okay... sure." He looks up at Val, keeping his eyes focused on her own. The two had started a relationship a few weeks earlier, but Ramas still felt awkward about interacting with her sexually. It had even caused a fight between the two earlier in the day.

"Okay." Val lets out a shaky breath before pulling him close and pressing her lips to his. After a moment, she pulls back. "So... what do you think?"

Ramas lets out a trembling breath. "I think I still love you. And and I'd like to do that again."

"Of course." She kisses him again, this time for longer. When she breaks the kiss, she smiles. "We can do this as often as you want."

Ramas smiles as he pulls her in to kiss her this time. She leans in, accepting the kiss. They continue in this vein for a bit before Ramas finally breaks away, flushed and smiling. "That was... nice."

"I... couldn't agree more." She rests her head on his shoulder. "Can we... do that some more?"

"Sure." He draws her back in and continues to kiss her. She hums softly, embracing him tightly. After a moment, she breaks the kiss and looks up at him, letting out a trembling breath. Ramas' smile falters a little. "You okay?"

"I'm alright; it's just... Don't stop. Please."

"Okay." Ramas pulls her close and continues to kiss her. Her hands slide up and down his chest and back, humming softly into the kiss. Ramas shudders a little at her touch but keeps kissing her. She breaks the kiss, noticing the shudder.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, fine. Just nervous, I guess." He swallows. "Am I... good? You know, with kissing?" He licked his lips, desperate to distract himself from his throbbing cock. It throbbed and pulsed in time with his heartbeat, growing bigger and harder by the second.

"Yes. You're the best kisser I've ever had the pleasure of kissing." She goes back to kissing him, now nearly in his lap.

Ramas sinks lower in the water until he's sitting as Val presses against him, inertia taking her entirely into his lap. She breaks the kiss for a moment to catch her breath, her whole body trembling slightly. Ramas looks up with her with a mix of excitement tinged with fear, based on his racing heart.

"Something wrong? Your heart's racing like you're scared..." She cups his cheek in her hand, a gentle smile on her face.

"Might have something to do with the fact that I'm making out with a beautiful girl." Ramas smiles.

"Let's get back to that, then." She presses her lips to his, holding him close. As she does so, she keeps running her fingers up and down his chest. After a moment, she breaks the kiss and puts his hand to her chest, where he can feel her heart racing. "If it helps, you're having the same effect on me that I'm having on you."

Ramas flushes a little at the contact. Her breast was large and soft, with him having to fight the urge to bury his face in her chest. "Okay..."

She resumes the kiss, leaving his hand on her chest. Ramas draws his hand away and gently rests it on her back. She hums softly at the touch, placing a hand on his leg to steady herself. The two continue kissing until Val breaks the kiss to breathe again, her hair hanging down in her face.

"You okay?" Ramas asks, brushing a strand of her hair back.

"Why wouldn't I be? I'm finally getting to show you how much you mean to me..." She presses her lips to the pulse point in his neck. "And how much I treasure you."

Ramas shivers. "Val..."

"What is it, Ramas?"

"Nothing, just..." He swallows. "Nothing."

She smiles. "Alright." She goes back to kissing his neck, interspersing each kiss with murmured praise and declarations of love. Ramas gasps and mutters replies in much the same way. She smiles at him, her breathing slightly fast. "Where would you like me to kiss you next?"

"Umm..." Ramas blinks. "Where were you planning on kissing me next?"

"Wherever you want me to."

"Umm..." Ramas thinks for a moment before cupping her cheek and drawing her in for another kiss. "This is fine." He murmurs before locking his lips with hers. After a moment, she seems to melt into his arms, relaxing thoroughly. After a moment she lifts him onto the edge of the pool, much to his surprise. She resumes kissing his neck, leaving a visible love bite before putting her head down between his legs and staring at his cock, ogling it.

"I don't know if I can take all of you in my mouth." Val felt her pussy twitch at the size of the cock in front of her. It was nearly a foot long. Moving as if in a trance, she stuffs as much of it as she can into her mouth and starts sucking.

Ramas moans. "Oh, gods, that feels so good..."

She begins sucking on it, her eyes closing as she pairs the stroking of her tongue with the sucking motion. She hums softly, her tongue playing with the tip of Ramas' cock gently. 

As Ramas shudders and moans, she keeps pleasuring him, a hand straying down between her legs to stroke her stiff, aching clit.

It wasn't enough. Val needed something more. She needed him. Val releases his cock from her mouth, smiling up at him. "Did you like it?"

"Yes. You're the best, Val, and I love you so much."

"And I love you." She nuzzles him lovingly, gently pushing him onto his back as the two lay side by side. "You can touch me too if you want."

Ramas does so, starting to murmur dirty words in her ear as he strokes her pussy. "Gods, you're so wet." He smirks and grabs one of her breasts in his free hand, playing with the stiff nipple. 

The breast itself was nearly the size of his head, the silky skin smooth despite all the time she spent training. "Such big breasts... and getting wet from sucking dick..." He rapidly strokes her clit for a moment before going back to the light, teasing touches. He smiles as she mewls and pants from the sensation. "You certainly have a sexy body for a Fey-Sworn Knight..." Ramas nuzzles and kisses her neck. "I've loved you for so long I can't stand it anymore."

She moans softly, her expression one of pure pleasure. "Oh... gods, yes. Don't stop..." She reaches over and starts touching him, her nimble fingers stroking and caressing his cock. She starts trembling, panting heavily. "Don't stop... please..."

"I wasn't going to stop." He starts stroking her clit, listening to her cries of pleasure. He would play her body like the beautiful instrument it was, just like his violin. He keeps stroking her, his nimble fingers toying with her stiff and swollen nub.  

His index and middle fingers slid inside her, his thumb taking over on her clit as his fingers stroked the inside of her hot, soaking wet pussy. He shudders a little at the sensation, his cock twitching madly and iron-hard.

Val was little more than a moaning mess, lost in the waves of pleasure. Her clit was aching, the ache building into one of the best orgasms of her life. She was almost there...

Only for him to take his fingers out, causing her to whimper and moan. "Why'd you stop?" She slurs, unwittingly stroking her clit to try and push herself over the edge.

"So I could do this..." he smears a sigil on her belly with her juices, a tingling sensation sweeping over her body. 

"What's it do?"

"It turns every sensation to pleasure. You'll love it." Ramas pushes her legs open, putting the tip of his cock at her opening, letting out a shaky breath before plunging his cock inside.

Val let out a shriek of ecstasy, pleasure coursing through her as she felt her pussy spasm around the thing inside her. Her world went white as she gushed fluids all over the section of his cock that couldn't fit inside her.

Ramas moans, trembling slightly as he adjusts to the sensation. "You... you feel like heaven, Val..." He let out a breath and started thrusting, banging into her cervix. Soon, she expanded to accommodate him.

Soon he was able to cram another two or three inches inside her, her stomach bulging as she spurted and came around his cock. He thrust harder and faster, chasing the high that he knew he could bring both of them.

She moans loudly and strokes where the two are joined. "Do... you like it... Ramas? Does... my wet... tight pussy... feel good?" She giggles and nuzzles his neck before bringing her lips up to his ear. "Because your... hard... fat cock... feels so..." She lets out a gasp as he slides rather deep inside her. "so good inside me..." She whines softly and seems to get even tighter around him.

Val moaned as she felt her body stretch to accomodate the thing inside her, waves of obscene pleasure washing over her. Words were pouring out of her, but they didn't feel like they belonged to her.

"Oh, gods, yes... so big... so fucking big... it's remodeling my insides! Oh..." She moaned and writhed, feeling her body mold around the cock inside her.

Ramas felt his balls stir and convulse as he groaned out her name. He was close, painfully, achingly close. He wanted to cum, no, he needed to cum. He moans and starts thrusting faster. After almost a minute, he finally released, feeling his cock twitch and spurt as he came. He pushed himself all the way inside her as he moaned out her name.

Val shuddered and moaned as his cum pumped into her. 

After a moment, he collapsed next to her, sliding out with a wet sucking sound. He lay there, panting and staring at her.

"I... Val..."

She smiles and holds him close. "Shh... listen..." She presses his ear to her chest, where he can hear her heart beating. After a moment, his eyes closed and he drifts off to sleep, Val following close behind.