 Chapter 4: Reconsideration

*****

Here's another short chapter. Hope you ladies and gents are still enjoying this. I definitely still enjoy writing it!

Content Warning: Lesbian, MFF-threesome

Comments and criticisms welcome!

CCG

*****

This can't be good. Mark thought as he approached the gates of the White Keep.

It was Wednesday. The past day and a half since he had last seen Amanda was a whirlwind of meetings and negotiations and paperwork. Mamet's House Norfald is definitely up to something. Almost a third of their ruling families were forcibly removed, while three of their top five generals were suddenly found to be plotting a coup, and executed. In addition, his agents within the other Mamet houses reported that Norfald representatives have been trying to drum up support for an unified... something. The only silver lining of this whole situation was that whatever that something is, didn't involve an army... yet. Before he had left to meet Amanda this morning, he had just signed off on more money to try to bribe some other Mametian official to figure out what this something actually is.

Mark thought that he could avoid all that headache by coming to see the elf girl but the situation in front of him made that seem less and less likely.

"No! I want it to be here!" Amanda yelled at Ellisa. "Just tell them!"

"That's outrageous, my lady," her guardian responded with as much courtesy as she could muster. "There isn't nearly enough time to plan for that. Even if you had decided this when you first came, it would still have been outrageous but at least there would've been time!"

Amanda was about to say something back but she caught the sight of Mark out of the corner of her eyes and promptly stopped herself. She only narrowed her eyes at Ellisa. "We'll talk about this later."

By the time Mark had walked up next to them, Amanda already had a smile on as she hugged him.

"Is everything alright?" He looked at her, then at Ellisa, who scowled at him.

"It's nothing," Amanda replied, pulling him in the direction of her home. "Don't worry about it."

They filled their walk with mindless chit chat, but on occasion when Mark looked around to check his surroundings (as he often does when he's with Andrew), he always noticed Amanda's two guardians staring at him: Ellisa with suspicion, and Linae with what could only be described as a simmering anger.

When they reached the mansion, Amanda ran upstairs to bathe, as usual. While normally he would place himself in the sitting room and read or converse with Ellisa or Linae, the signs he's been getting indicate that it may not a good idea today. So instead, he sat down in the kitchen hoping to strike up conversation with one of the maids.

"Mr. Raven," Celistra smiled a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. She was preparing to boil some hot water. "It's good to see you again."

"It's just Mark," he replied. "It's good to see you again as well, Celistra. How are-"

"Celistra." A voice behind him said. It was Ellisa.

Without a word or acknowledgement, the elf maid walked out, closing the doors behind her.

Mark turned towards her. "Ellisa," he said.

"Mr. Raven," said the elf. "Did you have something to do with this." It was an accusation.

"Did I have something to do with what?"

"Her decision. To stay here."

"What?" he frowned. "She told me she'll be here for a year. It's barely been five months. Isn't it a bit early for that kind of decision?"

Her expression visibly softened at his confusion. She sighed. "Yes, but before she came, she had planned on making a trip back to Luminare to see her family in about two month's time, at the end of July. Now she's decided to stay here instead."

"Hmm. She's never told me of such a trip," he shrugged.

"I can tell," she stated flatly. "Regardless of whether or not you had a direct hand in affecting my lady's decision, I must advise you this: For your own sake, and the sake of my lady, do not get too close to her. She is still young and immature, and I do not wish for her to make a mistake that she will regret later in life. Unlike you, we elves do not have the luxury of burying our mistakes with us every century or so."

And with that, she turned and left.

Mark stood there in stunned silence.

What the fuck? He seethed. For just a moment, he could almost understand why some Mametian Houses hates elves so much. For my own sake? Burying our mistakes every century? Well fuck you, and the high horse you rode in on, bitch! He wanted to yell after her.

Clenching his fists, he strode outside into the back yard. Falalie was tending to a small flower patch but he didn't even acknowledge her greeting.

He sat on a stone bench and stared at a small fountain. Furious words and images bubbled through his thoughts.

Many minutes later, he finally felt calm enough to go inside again.

"Please forgive Ellisa for her behavior earlier."

Mark turned to look at the source of the voice. She had short brown hair, streaked with blonde and blue, hazel eyes, and surprisingly pale skin for someone whose job was to tend to the gardens. Falalie held out a porcelain up to him. "Tea?"

He looked at the cup with suspicion.

"It's not poisoned, I promise," she joked.

Mark accepted the cup but pointedly did not drink from it. "So you heard? I thought you were outside."

"I hear everything within the premise," she smiled.

They stared at each other for a long moment.

"Mr. Raven, despite Ellisa's hostility, which I truly apologize for, we will never harm you unless my lady wishes it."

"Do you wish it?"

She shook her head. "No. I realize that at her age, it is normal for her to want to experience... all kinds of things. My lady seems to trust you and we have deemed that you are trustworthy as well, in most ways."

He raised an eyebrow. "Is that so?"

"She is my master's youngest and only daughter. Understandably, she has been very sheltered her whole life. To make matters worse, while she didn't have any of what one might call 'best friends', she did have friends and acquaintances that she can talk to; but here in Rancer, she has nobody. My lady has been keeping herself busy, and does seem to be genuinely enjoying it but there are still moments when I can tell that she wishes for the company of others."

Mark shrugged. "What about you? And the other women in this household?"

Falalie laughed. "My lady understands that while we do provide her with some sort of companionship, our primary purpose here is to protect and observe her. There are doubtlessly some things that she wishes for someone to speak to that she does not want her father finding out about."

"So that someone is me?"

"Perhaps, if you wish it to be. I do not hold the majority opinion on this but I believe it's good for her to continue this relationship with you, if only in the short term, so as to satisfy her curiosity," she put up a hand to stop his question. "Now, I don't know what she has done with you but I can infer from certain things she does to, lets say, relieve stress, while bathing. I can almost guarantee that my suspicions are correct, though: she did come home with a different pair of underwear than the one she had on when she left on Monday."

He frowned at the implications. "Does she know of your suspicions? Do your colleagues?"

"No, I have not told her and I doubt I will in the future. It would embarrass her unnecessarily. Although if she really thought about it, she should realize that I know," she chuckled. "I'd just chalk that one up to her being young and inexperienced. As for my colleagues, of course I have not told them. Most would definitely disapprove, including Ellisa."

"Thanks," said Mark. He felt a small sense of relief but something was still missing. "Why are you telling me this, though?"

Falalie smiled, finally sitting down on the bench next to him. "Because I wanted you to know that I'm not your enemy. Well, in truth, despite Ellisa's harsh tone in the house, none of us are. But I want you to know that I do not disapprove of your relationship with my lady, and I'm only saying this with the best of intentions for you both: Please be gentle with her and when the time comes for you to part ways, let her down gently.

"Now, I don't know if she's just another fling for you, and even if she is I'm still not necessarily against it, but I'm just concerned about her. You are the first man she's been with, so this may mean much more to her than to you. And despite what she may wish, she will have to return to Mise after the year is up and she will not be able to see you afterwards."

"I don't plan on just tossing her after I've had my fun with her, if that's what you mean."

"Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that about you or your character," she apologized. Mark decided that she sounded sincere enough. "I'm just saying that the first relationship always leaves a lasting impression and in a century's time, I want her to be able to look back to this fondly. When the time comes, whether by yours or her choice, or by the limit of her stay here in Rancer, please be considerate of her feelings."

Mark took a long look at her, and nodded. "Don't worry, I'll let her down gently when the time comes."

"Thank you. You don't know how much this means to me."

Looking at the cup in his hand, Mark finally took a sip of the tea. It was perfect. He smiled.

By the time Amanda came down to find him again, he was in a much better mood. Ellisa argued briefly with Amanda regarding her daily activities but eventually relented. Amanda had obviously not told them of her plan to spend the day with him beforehand. Ellisa gave him an icy stare, which he shrugged off. Linae, on the other hand, seemed actively hostile.

As they turned the street corner, Amanda reached for Mark's arm.

"Wait."Mark spoke.

Amanda looked up at him, confused. "Hmm?"

"Keep walking. Don't look back. We're being followed."

"I'll just tell them to go back, then!" She said, but followed his orders and kept walking forward.

"No, that's not going to work. You already told them to stay the first time. This time won't make a difference."

"Then... what do we do?"

Mark offered her a smile. "Just keep up and leave that one to me."

---

It took them almost half an hour longer than normal to get to Jita.

"You should wear hats more often," said Amanda as she removed her straw hat, releasing her long tresses hidden beneath. She then removed a small hair clip, restoring her hair to their natural blonde color. "You look fabulous."

"I am fabulous," Mark said, his voice a deep baritone. He tilted his head down, holding the lip of his straw hat, striking a sexy, mysterious pose.

"Uh-huh. Maybe I should find you a nice, fabulous guy who can handle all that fabulousness," she put her finger to her chin, pretending to seriously consider this, "maybe someone gorgeous and well-hung." She shrugged off the long navy robe. Despite wearing only a white sundress, it was getting hot under there.

"Yeah, totally," his voice now an octave higher than normal "You bitches are so much drama - always going on about that time of the month and talking about your feelings," He dropped his limp wrist. "I'll take a fine young man any day. We know exactly what we want, and how we want it."

Amanda blinked. She was definitely not expecting this. "Uh..."

"And what's up with the vagina? So nasty!" He made a disgusted face. "It's so... weird. Like, what is that thing? And! And I heard they're smelly. Like fish or something. Ew. And you know what? It most definitely is not a penis."

"Ok, ok, you can stop now," she sighed and rolled her eyes.

"Oh no bitch, don't you tell me what to... hey, where do you think you're going, honey?" Mark sashayed after her, swaying his hips, still in character. "You crazy, girl? You don't even know where we're going!"

Amanda put her hand to her forehead, and shook her head. "I shouldn't have given you the idea," she said dryly.

"Uh-uh, girl friend! You can't take ba-" His words were cut short by Amanda suddenly turning around and hugging him, and at the same time, grabbing his crotch through his pants.

"I want you," she whispered into his ear, "to tie me up and fuck me for days and days until you make me your fuck slave."

She felt him harden almost immediately.

With a satisfied smile, she took a step back to observe his stunned face. It was only there for a second before he regained his composure, but it didn't matter. She had won this one.

"Ahem," Mark cleared his throat, dropping his act. "You've gotten very good at this."

"You're too easy to figure out," she smirked.

"Yeah, and you're too easy to make those fantasies into reality," Mark retorted, laughing as he shook his head. He too took off his hat and robe, and led her down the road. "Can't fucking wait to tie you up. But first, we need to go to a brothel."

Amanda scowled. "What?"

"Where else would you expect to find someone named 'Madam Kessing'?"

---

The Red Horse was, despite what the sign on the front says, technically, legally not a tavern. It definitely served food and drinks but it also served one additional course that you'd be hard pressed to find in just about any other tavern in Astrin.

"Mr. Raven," greeted the blood orc woman outside the door, "long time no see."

"Hey, how's it going, Carmen?" He waved to the tall, red woman, dressed in only a black leotard.

"Nice and quiet, Mr. Raven, just how I like it," she smiled. "And who's this pretty lady here with you?"

"This is Amanda," he looked back at her to see her smiling. "Amanda, this is Carmen. She's the bouncer here at Red Horse, so you better behave yourself in here," he winked.

"Nice to meet you, Amanda. And don't listen to him. I'd kick his ass first before I'd even dream of touching you," she smiled.

"Nice to meet you too," she laughed, "and thanks!"

Mark rolled his eyes as he led Amanda through the doors.

Being almost lunch time, there were only a handful of patrons inside for the food and scenery. They hardly paid any attention to the pair of newcomers as they walked past the pretty hostess, exchanging quick pleasantries, and entered a room marked Employees Only.

Inside, several half-naked women sat around, talking and laughing.

"Hello, girls!" Mark greeted them with a grin.

"Holy shit! Mark Raven!" A stunningly beautiful blonde jumped up from her lounge chair, wearing only a pair of high heels, an anklet, and a scandalously short frilly skirt. She gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "You're still alive! We were having bets as to what happened to you."

Mark laughed. "Hey Holly. You know I always come back alive!"

The blonde turned around and snapped her fingers at a short redhead. "Pay up, bitch!"

"No way! He didn't say what he was doing!"

Holly looked back at Mark with an expectant look. "Well? What were you doing the past few months?"

"Raping. Pillaging. Plundering," he shrugged. "Petting the occasional kitten."

"Ha!" The redhead shouted triumphantly. "Told you there wouldn't be any wild animals this time."

"What? He said kitten! He didn't say what kind. It could've been a wild cougar kitten!"

"Where would he find cougar kittens? Are they even called kittens?"

"Anyways! Ladies," Mark interrupted, "I'd like to present to you Amanda Gefen," he gestured with a flourish. "Amanda, these are some of the fine ladies of the Red Horse tavern."

"Hello, Amanda," said the drow in the skin-tight catsuit.

"I was wondering who that cutie is! Can I borrow her some time?" asked the elf with the long auburn hair.

Mark smiled as Amanda waved back awkwardly, unsure how to react. "Um. Hi everyone."

The women all jumped up to give her a friendly hug or a kiss on the cheek. There was the gorgeous blonde, Holly, and the short, cute redhead, Vanessa. The drow's name was Una, who, to Mark's amusement, greeted Amanda by groping her breast, then after a moment of apparent consideration, gave Mark a nod of approval. Finally, the brunette elven woman approached her, wrapped her arm around Amanda's waist, and planted a long wet kiss on her lips.

Amanda's eyes widened as Mark looked on with a stupid grin on his face. After a moment of hesitation, Amanda closed her eyes and became an active participant in the kiss. She grabbed the other elf's hair with one hand and breast with the other, quite clearly enjoying herself. Almost as much as Mark enjoyed watching it. A while later, both stepped back from each other, slightly breathless.

"Oh Mark, I knew I loved your taste in women but I didn't know you had a thing for elves as well," The brunette sighed happily.

Face flushed, Amanda walked back to where Mark stood and hugged him, burying her face into his shoulder.

"Aww! Ingrid, you made her embarrassed! She's adorable!" squeed Una.

"That was fucking hot and now I need to go get myself off. I'll be back in five," Vanessa declared as she scurried down a hall, into a back room.

Mark laughed as he stroked Amanda's hair and whispered into her ear. "I'm going to go speak with the Madam about a few things, including the collar. Will you be ok here by yourself for a while?"

"Don't worry, I'll be fine," she nodded. "But I can't promise that I won't try something with Ingrid if you're not back soon, though."

"Oh I would totally approve of that, as long as I get to watch, or preferably, join."

Amanda giggled. "Be quick!"

"Hey ladies, would you mind entertaining Amanda here for a bit? I need to speak to Victoria," he said as he sat her down on a chaise lounge.

"We'd love to!" Ingrid volunteered, sitting down next to her.

As Mark closed the door behind him, he heard Ingrid say: "He didn't specify what kind of entertainment, right?"

---

"Come in, Mark, come in!" Victoria Kessing called out before Mark had even knocked. Her desk was covered with sketches of dresses and costumes.

"Hi Victoria, how are you?" He smiled as he closed the door behind him.

"Oh, you know, same old same old," The middle aged woman briefly glanced up and gave him a warm motherly smile before resuming her sketch. "The intel reports are in the usual place."

"Thanks," Mark smiled as he took a book from a nearby shelf, flipped to the appropriate page and took out two pieces of parchment. Giving them a quick read, he folded them up and tucked them inside his grey shirt. "Hey Victoria, do you have a couple minutes? There's something I want to ask you to help me with."

"Sure thing, hon. Just sit down here and give me a minute to finish this one," she nodded towards the plush chair across from her desk.

Mark plopped down and picked up one of the sketches. It looked liked some sort of a wedding gown... only more pornographic. "Huh. What's this for?"

"Just some ideas I'm sketching up for a client's wedding gown."

"I hate to break this to you, Vic but I don't think any bride would wear this. Covering the breasts is probably one of those 'bare minimum' requirements," he shrugged as he picked up another sketch. "Just saying."

"Well, it's not really a normal wedding."

"Yeah, I'll say!" Mark raised an eyebrow as he stared at the new sketch. "Are those arm binders?"

"Oh yeah, that one," she looked up briefly from her sketch. "I'm not sure if the client would like that one though. She wanted her arms free so she could jerk her husband-to-be off at some point during the ceremony."

"Lucky guy," he chuckled, picking up a few more sketches to look at. "Wait, hold on, since when did you design wedding dresses? I thought you just draw up costumes and stuff for your girls."
