 Chapter 10: Tempest 

***** 

And now this half of the chapter is done, too! Thanks again to the same people as last time: secretsxywriter and Goddess_of_Sunshine, and my RL friends. 

As I've promised 2 chapters ago, this is going to be mostly smut. Somewhat kinky smut. 

Content warning: BDSM, objectification, anal, first-time. 

Comments always welcome! 

CCG 

***** 

The week seemed to drag on forever while Amanda waited eagerly for Friday. 

It was almost evening when Mark finally arrived with a carriage to pick her up. Amanda had been dressed and ready for almost an hour in anticipation of the night, and her guardians had given her amused smiles while they tended to her. She had told them that Mark had invited her to a fancy party where King Andrew would also be present, which accounted for her anxiety. It was a half truth. Had they known the full scope of tonight's activities, Amanda doubted that their reactions would've been the same. Fortunately, while Falalie definitely knew, it didn't seem she had told anyone else yet. That, or her guardians really didn't care. She decided not to dwell too long on the thought. 

Amanda was putting on the final touches to her outfit in her bedroom with Celestra when she heard knocking at the front door. With a deep breath—and what must have been the thousandth look in the mirror—she opened the door to her room. 

"Hello, Ella," she heard Mark's voice from down stairs. 

"Good evening, Mr. Raven," Ella replied. "You're looking very handsome tonight." 

"Thank you," Mark said, "but I'm sure Amanda will outshine me in every way." 

Looking down below, Amanda saw him. He was dressed in a long, snug-fitting, dark blue jacket with dark gold trimming, matching pants, and black leather boots. He looked like a soldier in his dress uniform, although she couldn't quite place from what country. 

"That's very nice of you to say, but you haven't even seen me yet," Amanda said while she walked down the stairs towards her lover. 

"I know you'd never disappoint," he said, turning and looking up. He seemed to have wanted to say something else, but no sound came out of his open mouth while he stared at her. To his credit, he quickly recovered from his stupor. "You look even more beautiful than I could have imagined." 

Her dress was white at the top and dye-dipped an intense cardinal red at the bottom, resembling a flame that flickered at her feet while she descended the stairs. It was shorter in the front, showing off her legs covered in white stockings and her feet bound by a pair of strappy, silver pumps. The neckline of the dress was tastefully cut but hinted at what lie beneath. The lace on the choker that adorned her neck perfectly matched with the lace on her white opera gloves. And her hair fell around her shoulders loosely, highlighted only by a few small braids, giving her an elegant appearance with just a touch of whimsy. 

Amanda allowed herself a small, self-conscious smile at Mark's reaction. "You don't look half bad yourself." 

She took his arm while he led her to the waiting carriage, noting that he didn't once stop looking at her until he had opened the door, despite almost running into the carriage itself. 

A few of her guardians stood by the main gates to see her off. Amongst those was Falalie, who pulled Mark aside and whispered something to him. Amanda couldn't hear what they said, but he nodded before joining her in the carriage and signaling to the coachman to be on their way. 

"What did Fal say to you?" Amanda asked. The dim glow of the light orb in the cabin only provided enough illumination to set the mood, but it was enough for him to see her amused smile. 

"She told me to be careful with you, of course." 

"And...?" she asked again, dragging out the syllable. 

"She also told me you have a present for me." 

"I may." 

He looked at her expectantly. "Well?" 

"I don't have it yet, so you're going to have to be patient," she said with a wink. "But for now, maybe this will suffice." 

With that, she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. She felt his lips caress hers, his tongue darting. Tasting. Flirting. 

A moment later, he pulled back. "Mmm. Blueberries. My favorite." 

"I know." 

"Good girl." His lips descended upon hers again. 

By the time they arrived at the palace and the coachman opened the door, they had taken the time to calm themselves before stepping out. Mark held her hand while they briskly entered a rather small reading room near the entrance. Two people sat by the fireplace which was lit with a cool, magical, pink flame. 

"Hey, you two!" Mari greeted them from her couch, her feet curled under her and a small glass of wine in her hand. She wore a turquoise dress that matched the color of her lips and her eyeshadow. Her hair was tied in a high ponytail and dyed a very normal black, which somehow seemed incredibly out of place on her. 

Andrew sat in a seat next to her holding a half-eaten sandwich, which he used to wave at them. "About time you two showed up!" 

"Hey, Mari! Good to see you. Hey, Andrew," Mark nodded in greeting. 

"Good evening, your Majesty," Amanda curtsied slightly. "Hi, Mari." 

Finally swallowing his bite of food, Andrew shook his head. "No need for that tonight. I will be just Andrew, and you'll just be Amanda. No titles. No formalities." 

"Okay, Andrew," she smiled. 

"There's some wine and snacks around," he said, motioning towards the trays along the side of the room. "We still have a little while before we have to leave, so feel free to have something to eat and drink before we go." 

"Come, I'll show you what we have," Mari said and took Amanda's hand. 

They soon settled into easy conversation, although it wasn't long before Mari challenged Mark to a game of chess. 

"Ugh. I just ate. How about we play another day?" Mark said with a sigh. 

"So? I just ate too. No excuses, Mark," Mari countered and spoke a quick spell. A black and red stone-like chess board formed on the table between them, along with 32 matching pieces. "What, afraid that I'll beat you in front of Amanda here?" 

"Considering how you played the last couple times? Not likely." He leaned forward and moved one of his pawns. 

"Oh? Do you two play often?" Amanda asked. 

"Not so much anymore. We used to," Mari said, moving her own pawn. "I used to kick his butt." 

"That was only at the beginning. I got better and sent you home crying more often than not." A knight was moved this time. 

"I only cried that first time, okay?" she scowled and moved another pawn. "I got better, too." 

"So who's better now? Who's won more times?" Amanda asked with an amused grin. 

"Eh. We're about the same. No one's really counting who's ahead," Mark said. He moved another pawn. 

Mari raised an eyebrow, taking his pawn with her own. "He's ahead by one ga—" 

"Two games." He took a pawn with a knight. 

"Sure, two games." She smirked while Andrew and Amanda laughed. "But who's counting, right?" 

Almost an hour later, when the clock finally rang, Mark stood up from his seat. "We should get going." 

With a wave of Mari's hand, the chessboard seemingly faded into a mist and disappeared. "We can continue next time, but I think this game is pretty over." 

Mark shrugged. "Eh. Not necessarily. A draw is still on the table." 

"Not really," she smiled confidently. "Anyway, Amanda, let's go get ready." 

She led her friend into a powder room nearby and closed the door behind them. 

"You sure you want to do this?" Amanda asked, taking out the Drow charm collar that she had received for her birthday. 

"Yeah. I want this tonight. And oh, wow! This looks beautiful," Mari said, carefully taking it from Amanda's hands. 

Formed by dozens of silver wires braided together, the collar was thin, elegant, and fashionable. Four dangling pendants hung from it, two on each side of a silver ring. 

"Thank you! You don't have to hold it that gingerly. It's a lot stronger than it looks," she laughed. "But are you sure you can handle four charms?" 

"I can handle the two on the collar I have just fine. We'll see about four." Mari took out a metal necklace that looked like a single weave of chainmail, its ends linked together by a larger silver ring. "Sorry, my collar isn't as pretty." 

"Don't worry about it." Amanda took it in her hand. It actually felt heavy. "I like it. It's a lot... kinkier." 

By the time Amanda returned to Mark's side, she was already giddy with anticipation. It was a feeling obviously shared by her partner-in-crime while they exchanged looks of encouragement. Finally, when she was alone again with Mark inside their carriage, she grinned at him with eager excitement. 

"You seem happy," he noted with amusement. 

"I have your present now." 

"Oh? Can I see it?" 

With a brief kiss, she knelt down in front of him, her eyes locking with his, and presented to him the collar in her hands. "Tonight, this slave will be yours to enjoy." 

Mark's jaw dropped, and a wide grin slowly formed on his face. He took the chain from her hand, examining it, feeling its weight in his hand. While he secured the collar around the neck of his willing slave, he said, "I have to say, this is the best present that I've ever gotten." 

Amanda bit her lip as a wave of pleasure washed through her body. "How may I serve you, Master?" she managed to say with a steady voice. 

"Sit down on the seat and spread your legs." 

She quickly did as she was told. 

To her surprise, Mark knelt down on the floor of the carriage. He kissed her inner thigh where her stocking ended and her sensitive skin began then glanced up with an amused smirk when she gasped. "Try not to cum until we get there, all right?" 

Amanda wasn't sure how much time had passed before her master stopped her torture. He had kissed and caressed from the bottom of her feet to the top of her head, but her sex remained untouched, leaving her breathless and hungry for more. 

"We're almost there," she heard him say when he pulled away from her. "I'll give you some time to compose yourself. We wouldn't want the other guests to see you arrive in this condition, would we?" 

She whimpered in frustration. "No, Master." 

"Good girl." From somewhere behind him, he produced two masks and a short leather leash. "I had a collar prepared for you too, but I think I like yours better," he said, handing her the mask that they had picked out days ago. 

A shiver of excitement ran up her spine as she imagined Mark leading her on the leash, showing her off as his slave. His property. "So you were going to collar me tonight anyways?" 

"I thought you might have been open to the idea." 

"What if I didn't want to?" 

Mark tilted his head to the side. His pale mask made his expression unreadable, yet all the same, she trembled. He leaned in, placing his hands on her thighs, and inched toward their apex. "I'd just have to find some way to convince you to change your mind, then," he said with a kiss. 

When the carriage finally stopped, Mark offered her his hand. Amanda's breath came in shallow pants. Stepping out, she could see the corner of his mouth twitch in amusement when she held on to his hand with what she thought was just a hint of urgency. A servant was quickly waiting by Mark's side and received a small metal card that Mark handed him. Amanda felt a quick flow of magic from the man who verified the invitation. He then handed back the card and took the luggage from behind the carriage before ushering them up the stairs of the manor house. 

"I'm already loving your present," Mark said. 

"I hope you will enjoy it even more as the night proceeds, Master," she replied with hushed desires. 

As they stepped into the well lit interior of the manor house, Amanda could hear voices coming from a distance, further inside. There were muffled sounds of laughter and conversation, but also what sounded like a crack of a whip. 

When Mark opened the last of the doors into the ballroom, Amanda gasped at the sights in front of her. 

A man in a white suit and a woman in a skimpy maid uniform were at the balcony overlooking the ballroom, merely a few meters from the doorway. She was bent over the balustrade, and he was thrusting into her from behind with enthusiasm while she tried to stifle her own moans by biting a finger in her mouth. Neither paid the new comers any attention while they enjoyed themselves. 

Amanda held tight to Mark's hand while they approached the stairs leading down into the ballroom. Dozens of people below sat around a central lounge area where servants walked around with trays of drinks and hors d'oeuvres. In a wide ring around the lounge was the play area. She expected to see statues or plants in the alcoves along the wall. Instead, they were fitted with racks and cages where men and women of all races were restrained and being tortured. 

Well, maybe not tortured, Amanda thought. They all looked or sounded quite happy to be in their predicament. She imagined herself in their place, and a shiver ran through her body. 

"Are you okay?" Mark asked. 

"Yes, Master." The hunger in her voice left very little doubt of her state of mind. 

"Good girl. Just wait. We'll join them soon." 

"Yes, Master," she repeated, but in her mind, she worried whether she'd be able to control herself for much longer. 

Mercifully, Andrew and Mari soon emerged from the doors behind them. They shared a nod before Mark led his slave girl down the stairs. When they passed a cage to their right, she slowed to stare at the spectacle. 

A woman covered from head to toe in black, glossy latex stood in the short cage. Her legs were spread wide by the cuffs at her ankles, and her ass was pressed against one side of the cage with her face touching the opposite side. Her body was bent forward ninety degrees at the hips, held in place by a length of chain running from her collar to the floor. Her arms were bound together in a leather sleeve behind her, which was then secured to the top of the cage. Her face was enclosed by a mask that covered her whole head, leaving only magenta-painted lips and traces of her silver hair in view, the former of which were currently wrapped around the cock of a tall elven man. Amanda noticed a ring of smeared magenta lipstick around the base of the man's cock, signifying how deep the woman was able to swallow. Behind the captive, a well-dressed orc leisurely fucked her while holding a casual conversation with an elven women in a blue dress. 

"Do you want to watch for a bit?" Mark's voice at her ear made Amanda jump in surprise. 

"Ah, no," She tore her gaze away from the scene. "Let's... let's go, Master." 

Mark led her around the back of the stairs and into a hallway lined with rooms. He glanced at the metal card, matched the number on it with the number on a door, and turned the handle. 

The guest room was furnished with a large bed and dresser, on top of which were stacks of towels and Amanda's small luggage bag. Apparently, the servant had delivered it to their room at some point. But what caught Amanda's eye was the set of four red leather cuffs. Attached to the corners of the bed by chain and lined with fur, they looked intimidating and inviting at the same time. 

Without thinking, she picked one up, feeling the supple leather and soft fur against her skin. She felt Mark's hand on her shoulder. 

"We need to go back out soon, but do you want to try them on?" 

Amanda bit her lips. She wanted to feel the sensation of the fur and leather wrapped around her wrist, restraining her. But she knew that what little self-control she had now would evaporate as soon as she put on the cuffs. And whatever happened afterwards may take much longer than the time that they had in here. 

Before she was able to respond, Mark acted for her. He took the cuff from her hands and wrapped it around her wrist. 

She gasped in surprise. "Master! No! I'm not—" her words were cut off in a moan as Mark secured another cuff around her other wrist. 

Facing the bed, Mark bent her over at the waist and pushed her face down into the soft blankets. She felt him flip the back of her dress over her. Move the thin fabric of her panties to the side. Then he slammed his cock into her wet cunt. 

The slave moaned into the bed. Already on edge from the collar and everything else she had experienced tonight, she felt her climax approach with alarming speed. She tried to say something, but all she had time for was an urgent cry of "Master! Cumming!" before it crashed into her, robbing her of her ability to do anything but moan and gasp. 

For all his apparent self-control, Mark was not far behind. While still coming down from her own peak, Amanda felt her master tense and release his pleasure into her. After grabbing her hair to kiss her still-panting lips, he quickly extracted himself from her. 

"I think we both needed that," he panted. He sat down next to her, undoing one cuff then the other. 

"I... yeah... I think you're right," Amanda said, slowly rolling onto her back, then sitting up with some difficulty. Though lustful desire still burned inside her—not at all helped by the collar around her neck—her mind did seem to clear. But there was one more thing she wanted to do. 

"Thank you, Master." She dropped to her knees between his legs and took his shaft, still slick with their mingled juices, into her mouth. Her master's surprised groan of appreciation drew a smile to her face when she pulled back. "Now, let your slave clean you." 

It was another few minutes before they were able to extract themselves from the guest room. 

"So are we just waiting for them to change?" Amanda asked, her hands playing with the short leather leash attached to the collar at her neck. 

They sat on a bench at the end of the hallway, overlooking the long row of doors. Or, more precisely, she sat on Mark's lap while he sat on the bench. Her long dress was now replaced with a short, wispy green one with a plunging neckline, looking much like a salacious variant of the dress she wore when they had first met in the Carrou Forest. The hem barely covered her ass, leaving a thin strip of exposed flesh between it and the top of her white stockings, which Mark apparently found fascinating because he absentmindedly stroked that narrow length of her silky skin. It was as distracting as it was pleasurable, and Amanda tried not to squirm and moan like an animal in heat. 

"Yeah. Mari should be pretty quick, though. I thought we were going to keep them waiting," he answered, seemingly unaware of the effects his hands were causing on the elf in his lap. 

"Maybe they got distracted like we did," she said. 

His hands suddenly stopped. "I don't think so." 

She could hear the scowl in his voice, clearly finding the idea unlikely. 

"Or. Hmm. They're not... They haven't done anything like that," he added, showing a sliver of doubt. "I would've heard about it from one of them. I'm sure." 

"Well, there's always a first time, right, Master? And besides, I might know something you don't." 

Mark looked at her with suspicion. "What aren't you telling me?" 

Amanda bit her lip with a coy smile. "It's a secret." 

+-+-+-+-+- 

Mari knew what she was going to do long before she saw the caged woman that Amanda had stared at on her way down the stairs. It was an idea she had toyed with since the last time she was here in Magistrate Locke's manor, when she had seen something similar. She had wanted to do it back then, too, but anxiety and nervousness had overtaken her before she could act out any of her thoughts. This time, however, it was going to be different. This time, the four charms wrapped around her neck were going to remove whatever sense of modesty and restraint that stood in her way. 
