 A dull throbbing forced consciousness in, accompanied by a muted, almost inaudible whine. Coming fully awake, the man stayed motionless with his eyes closed for a few seconds. As his lids peeled back to expose his blue, bloodshot eyes to the world, a small groan escaped his lips. He was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling and trying to clear the fuzz that pervaded his senses. This was more than waking grogginess, it felt like he was coming out of a drug-induced stupor. He blinked a couple times, and his eyes lost the sandpaper feeling as he finally managed to focus them. The ceiling above looked like bare concrete, which was odd -- his apartment had the standard sheetrock and plaster treatment. Blinking again, he started moving his arms and legs. The sheets were soft, almost silky in their texture -- or lack of it. He lay and marveled at that for a second, sliding his hands about on the softest sheets he had ever felt. 

Turning his head -- slowly, so as not to increase the persistent throb in his skull -- he looked around for more clues as to his surroundings. Looking left, he saw a small metal nightstand holding a lamp, and beyond that a blank, featureless wall, broken only by a closed door. Rolling his head slowly to the right, he suddenly froze and had to blink a few times. Another nightstand, this one holding a glass of water (he assumed), and beyond that a wall made entirely of glass, giving him an epic view of the night sky. He stared out the window...wall...whatever, for several seconds, taking in the beauty before it hit him. All he could see was night sky, blackness and stars. There was nothing in view which resembled buildings or even mountains. 

Moving suddenly was a bad idea, as the throbbing became pounding quickly after his shift. He got to the point of sitting with his feet on the floor before it caught up to him, then he sat with his head in his hands waiting for the pounding to become throbbing again. What the fuck did I do last night, err, today...fuck, whenever... 

Without looking, he groped his hand along the nightstand till he found the glass. Bringing it to his lips, he downed it in a long series of gulps. Setting the glass back on the table, he went to return his head to his hands and froze. The fog, the pain in his head, the stiffness which had pervaded his entire body, was all gone. He sat staring out the window, trying to wrap his now-clear head around that. How the hell...what the fuck was in that glass? He grabbed the glass again, bringing it closer for inspection. Empty glass, barely a drop of clear liquid in the bottom to indicate there had been anything in the glass. 

The hair on the back of his neck suddenly went up, a full second before he heard it -- a purring sound. Slowly straightening his back, he turned his head to the left to find the source. When he found it, he dropped the glass as his brain forgot how to communicate with his hands. 

Seated cross-legged on a small padded bench near the foot of the bed, was a woman. Well, female. Of some sort. The first thing he noticed was her skin -- green, very light but shifting very slightly back and forth on the green portion of the color scale as if he were seeing her blood pulse through her body. Second, he noticed she did not appear to be wearing any clothes. This was followed almost immediately by the realization that she looked amazing. She was lightly muscled from shoulders to toes, athletically built while still appearing eminently feminine...but with an almost predatory edge. Her face was almost elfin in its structure: high cheekbones, medium width jaw tapering to a delicate chin. Smallish nose, slightly turned up at the tip, framed by two almond shaped eyes which seemed a bit larger than human. Her full lips were closed, but smiling slightly. Her fiery red hair fell down her back, held out of her face by her delicately pointed ears. 

"Ummm, hi..." he croaked from a suddenly dry throat. 

At his greeting, the purring intensified for the split second before she moved, and then she was silent. She slid forward, her hands meeting the ground before her legs had unfolded beneath and behind her. In a handful of smooth, languid movements, she was across the small space and up on the bed, still on her hands and knees as she slinked toward him. This was also when he noticed her tail. 

Surprise got the better of him, and he bolted from the bed. With nowhere to go, he very quickly ended up with his back to the glass wall so he could face her as she approached. This was also about the time he realized that he, too, was completely naked. He what the fucked again, as he covered his package like a schoolboy. This movement caused her to stop short, although she was already at the edge of the bed. The space between the glass wall and the bed was such that the two of them were now less than a foot apart. 

She looked up at him quizzically, her almond eyes drifting between his hand-covered groin and his eyes as her tail swayed lazily behind her. Finally she locked eyes with him for a few seconds, and opened her mouth to speak. What came out was almost musical in quality, with a slight modification of tone and frequency at the end. And completely unintelligible to him. His mouth opened slightly in surprise, and the only crazy thought in his head was I think she just tried to ask me a question. Not knowing what else to do, he shook his head slightly. 

Her brow furrowed slightly as she cocked her head. She spoke again, the same musical lilt, sounded like the same 'words' (for lack of a better term), but no inflection at the end. He paused for a few seconds, his mind still reeling from everything. Slowly shaking his head again, he began to speak clearly and a bit slowly. "I'm sorry, but I don't understand your language." As he was finishing his response, his hands came up without conscious thought -- palms up, coming to about mid chest height to show his confusion. 

As soon as his hands were clear, she leaned forward slightly from her kneeling perch on the bed. Her lips opened again, and a long pink tongue snaked out. Before he could react, it had closed the intervening space and was wrapping itself around his mostly flaccid cock. He froze in amazement -- there was about a foot between her mouth and his crotch, but her tongue reached across with ease, and was still coiling gently around his dick like a python trapping its prey. 

"What the fuck!" Unconsciously, his hands went up into a 'surrender' posture. With nowhere to go, he watched as her long, moist tongue stopped coiling -- having wrapped up most of his softy -- and began slowly and gently massaging his shaft. Now that she had captured her target, her beautiful almond eyes rose to meet his, the corners of her partially open mouth turning up in a wicked grin as her tail twitched back and forth more rapidly. 

His cock rose as his body responded to her ministrations, and a small moan escaped his mouth. Still looking up at him, she reached one hand between his legs, gently cupping his sack as she stroked the loose skin and rolled his testicles. As he relaxed slightly against the glass wall (he still couldn't really think of it as a window), she applied gentle pressure and pulled him toward the bed by his scrotum. He moved without any resistance, shuffling closer until his knees were almost touching the mattress. As he moved closer, the extra length of her tongue was put to good use as it continued to coil around the previously untouched parts of his shaft. By the time he stopped, her tongue was completely encircling his cock, leaving only the head exposed and still not inside her mouth. While it felt amazing, this was a little too much. 

"Okay, okay...hold on a sec..." he reached down with his hands with the intent of separating himself from her, but his hands hovered around her in odd patterns as he tried to figure out the best way to move forward -- nothing in his life up to this point had prepared him for the proper technique in unwrapping a foot long tongue from his rapidly engorging cock. 

Her tongue stopped moving, but maintained possession of his cock. Her partially open mouth turned down in some semblance of a frown, as she cocked her head again in an obvious display of confusion, and her tail stopped moving again. That was when he heard...more like, felt in some way...a click, followed by a voice he could understand. 

"Is something wrong, Jonathon?" The disembodied voice sounded very officious, and very British. Which was kind of hot in its own way. Stop that, got to focus...on...what, exactly? 

"Hello? Who's there? What's going on?" 

"Well, it would appear you are receiving a blow job my dear." 

Yeah, no shit. 

"Uh, no. I mean, where am I? What is this pla-" 

The voice cut him off. "Do you not like Yarna, Jonathon?" 

He glanced down at her, still holding his cock with her impossible tongue. When they made eye contact, she began moving her tongue again, slower than before. 

"Um, she seems...no, stop that...nice, I guess..." 

The door across the bed from him opened, admitting another woman. While looking fully human, she was anything but ordinary. She wore a short white lab coat, hanging to mid thigh and open in the front. A short black skirt clung to her curvy hips, a white button down shirt with blue pinstripes was tucked in loosely where the skirt narrowed to follow her tiny waist. The top few buttons were open, exposing an impressive pair of breasts, with just a hint of something lacey poking out from the V of the shirt front. Her toned legs were encased in sheer white stockings, the lace tops poking out with each stride as her black stilettos clack-clacked around the end of the bed. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a slightly messy ponytail to fully expose her face. She had similar bone structure to the green one (Yarna, I think she said?), with black frame glasses perched on her nose. The overall effect was quite stunning. 

"Then what is the problem, Jonathon? You are heterosexual, yes?" 

"Uh, yes ma'am. It's just, uh..." His eyes closed slightly as Yarna returned to full stroke with her tongue. "Wow." 

Lab Coat walked closer, adjusting her glasses as she bent slightly to inspect the union between cock and tongue. One hand came up and she absently stroked Yarna's hair as she watched. 

She stood up again, looking him in the face. "Everything seems to be in order, she is executing standard human protocols, yes?" She looked at him expectantly, the earlier question still hanging in the air. 

"Yeah, uh...it's just...she's..." 

"Yes? She's what, Jonathon?" 

"Um, green..." 

Lab Coat cocked her head at him for a second, then chuckled. "Well of course she is, you haven't gotten her worked up yet. All T'uranian's are green in their normal state." 

Jonathon just gawked at her, no words coming to mind. 

She brought a hand up to her head, covering her mouth in slight embarrassment. "Goodness, of course you are confused. I apologize. You've never met a T'uranian before." 

Jonathon looked at her for a second, then down to Yarna's fellating face, then back up to Lab Coat again. "Uh, no. First one." 

The winning smile returned. "Oh, well I assure you, you shall enjoy the experience." Then she looked down at Yarna and 'spoke' in the same musical sounding language. Yarna's eyes opened wider -- if that was possible -- and she looked back up at Jonathon. They narrowed, and her open mouth turned up again in a decidedly wicked grin. Her tongue went back to full stroke, and she pulled his cock into her mouth in one smooth movement. Her lips closed around his shaft without difficulty, and he quickly realized she had mouthed his balls as well. 

The sensation -- or combination of them -- was amazing. He could feel the tongue continue to stroke, only now it released its grip and seemed to slither and loll around his entire shaft and head. Some other part of her mouth (he really didn't want to think about the anatomy at play here) was simultaneously doing a similar motion around his sack, pausing every few strokes to gently squeeze the whole scrotum together. The full circumference of her lips -- from the base of his shaft all the way around to the backside of his sack -- were somehow stroking and moving in a circular motion around the entire trapped package, while also moving forward and back. As if all that wasn't enough, she was also applying gentle suction. 

Jonathon's knees almost buckled under the oral assault he was now receiving. "Holy fuck." His hands moved seemingly without command to tangle themselves in Yarna's hair. 

"So we are agreeable then, Jonathon?" His trance was broken by her voice again. He turned his head slightly to look at her. Unable to speak intelligibly, he simply nodded with his mouth partially open. Lab Coat beamed at him, and turned as if to leave. 

"John", he managed to croak. 

Lab Coat paused, and turned back to him. "I beg your pardon?" 

Swallowing hard and trying to focus on something other than the small army attacking his cock and balls, he tried again. "You keep calling...me...Jonathon... Just... John." 

"Oh, where are my manners. John, my name is T'ari." She held out her hand. 

John reflexively took her hand and shook, if a bit lethargically. "Pleased to... (swallow) meet you... Where... What...?" 

T'ari settled gracefully onto the bed next to the still-working lithe body of Yarna. She absently began to stroke the side of Yarna's lower back and hip as she gazed at John. 

"You are on board the science vessel T'Lavi. We brought you here so you could help fill in the gaps in some research we have been doing. Not to worry, nothing invasive...at least not from me." She chuckled, as she shifted her eyes to watch Yarna work. "Yarna might have...other plans..." Her comment was met with a low purr from Yarna. 

This is fucking surreal... and then his mind was blank again, the soft but effective ministrations centered on his cock and balls served to put him in something of a fog. His mind felt like it was drowning, and he was struggling to stay at the surface. He gazed into the almond eyes below him as her mouth and internal parts massaged, stroked, and sucked on every square inch of his groin. Her gorgeous eyes bore into his own, serving to deepen the fog. Almost reluctantly, he managed to tear away from her eyes. As he looked from her to T'ari, he realized the green hue of her skin had lightened considerably. Her skin now held the tone of a human, not a trace of the previous green but tending more toward pink. Yes, she was definitely a 'healthy' pink, and still shifting red. 

After what seemed an eternity, he managed to settle his eyes on T'ari, who was still watching Yarna work his cock. Oh my God, this chick is amazing...how have I not come yet? It dawned on him that she was expertly holding him at his current state of arousal, doing just enough to keep him close to the edge but nowhere close to enough to push him over. 

"Ah, see?" T'ari said, as she slid a hand inside the open neck of her shirt to stroke her own nipple, the other hand still stroking Yarna's back and pausing to squeeze what appeared to be a luscious, muscular ass. "She is almost red, signaling her arousal. She does so love the first timers, don't you my pet?" Yarna purred in response, her eyes closing partway as she slowed her movements on his cock. The purring felt incredible, and combined with her movements may have pushed him over. 

John struggled to the surface again. "Umm...(swallow)...what, um...what research is it...we're doing right now?" He fought to keep his eyes on T'ari, somehow knowing if he looked into Yarna's beautiful almond eyes again he wouldn't look away again until they were done. With whatever it was they were doing. While he was enjoying himself immensely, paranoia was creeping into the back of his mind, screaming that it was a trap. Another voice kept popping up in response, who fucking cares? 

T'ari giggled. "Oh, we're not doing research right now, we've already covered the human reproductive process." Both hands continued to move, one stroking and pinching her own full breast, the other stroking Yarna's back and ass. 

"Oh...(swallow)...so..." He had no idea what to ask next. 

T'ari looked up at him, and he could see lust beginning to glaze over her eyes. "This is just the introduction. A way of shaking hands, and breaking the ice, so to speak." 

John's eyes closed involuntarily as he fought to stay in the moment. While he still wasn't close to coming, the waves of pleasure emanating from his cock and balls firmly encased in Yarna's mouth felt like he should have been. "Brea...breaking the ice?" 

T'ari giggled again, as her hand slipped out of her shirt. "Yes. We wish to speak to you of several different topics, and we have found through our past research that humans, especially male humans, are much more...forthcoming...in the refractory period following coitus." Although he could see she was aroused from her body language (she was almost human in that regard, though he doubted at this point that she was), the professional bluntness in her response served only to heighten his own arousal. He pushed that thought from his head, but barely. 

"Um...how..." 

T'ari turned slightly and gestured toward the far wall, speaking to Yarna in their musical language. Yarna completely stopped her movements, keeping him encased in her mouth. As the orally-induced pleasure subsided, a video image appeared on the far wall next to the door. It was a petite, young looking blonde on her hands and knees, pert young breasts swaying as the guy kneeling behind her gripped her small hips and pounded into her. His grunts mixed with her squeals and cries as he was obviously pushing toward climax. A few more thrusts, his face contorted, and his cadence changed. He slammed into her once, twice, three times, grunting louder with each thrust as he obviously spilled his seed into her young womb. After the third thrust he stayed clamped tight to her, his cock buried as it (no doubt) continued to spew into her pussy. His grunt carried into a moan, as he slowly folded over her back, his orgasm serving to pull the last of his strength. Her last wail died into a whimper as his weight pushed her forward onto her stomach, her fingers clutching bed sheet as she went face down, the bed muffling the last of her orgasmic sounds. 

The scene was highly erotic, with a tinge of real passion he usually didn't see in even the better porn. Amateur porn, then...but really high production quality for amateur...and no crazy close up on her face, no gynecological shot of cock in pussy...maybe... 

"Um, why are you showing me...amateur...porn...?" He watched as the scene continued, the guy sliding off the girl to his right, leaving an arm and leg draped over her as they both panted, slowly coming back to Earth. She slowly rolled over in place until she was on her back, his arm and leg still draped over her possessively. She turned her head away from the camera, and John could just see the corners of a smile as she pecked her guy on the cheek. He responded by giving her a full kiss, his hand coming up to softly cradle her face. John felt Yarna slowly resume her services on his cock and balls as the kiss broke, and the man's face buried into the hollow of her neck. 

"This isn't porn, this is live, in real time as we speak." Said T'ari. Her free hand was back in her shirt again as she watched the two young lovers. "Deborah's roommate is out, so she and Tim were able to copulate with some measure of privacy, despite the close proximity of numerous other young human adults." 

John pondered this for longer than it should have taken him, since Yarna was back up to her previous technique of pushing the edge and then backing off just enough. "They're in college?" 
