 (A.N) This story is my first composition—ever!— and it is not short. It has a plot and purpose that I hope you all enjoy. This is the first part of coming stories in a series called Touched By Divinity. 

Please remember that this story was written purely for pleasure and is in no way meant to insult Anyone. 

Thank you for reading!! 

———————

Egypt, 2344 BC

When Isali listened to the old words, the stories, the myths of her gods, she listened most carefully to those pertaining to her favorite god; Ra. For one reason entirely... she was in love with him.

Not the idea of him. Not the fact that he was the most lethal, most feared, and adored god of her people. Not the spirit and belief of him. 

Isali loved Him. Ra, the god, the man.

Isali had first discovered the god's existence by accident. She'd been trailing along the Nile several hundred miles away from the Pharaoh Amos's egypt when she'd noticed something odd reflecting off of the surface of water. Something that caused her to glance up.

And what she'd found made her gasp.

The sun, once a ball of blazing oranges and yellows had turned a color she'd only seen in the clouds. And the clouds had darkened as if a tempest was imminent. Fazed because it'd been like nothing she'd ever seen before, Isali—for a reason only known to her—kept her gaze locked with the ivory sun. She sucked in a breath of air when that sun exploded in a burst of sparkling lights. She blinked and missed the something that fell to the earth.

"Do you yearn for me often, Mortal?"

Isali jumped at the sound of that voice. It came from behind. She spun around—and slammed into a hard wall of muscle. Bare muscle, she realized when she brought her hands up to push at it. They landed on hot, hot skin. Her eyes burst open.

"Well?" The undeniably male—with a god-like build—seemed unfazed by the closeness of their bodies, her hands on his rigid chest. His eyes, much like her own, chocolate and milk, darkened with lust. A smile appeared on his face and his own hands landed on her waist, gripping. "I've seen your dreams of desires and pleasure."

Isali knew exactly which dreams he was referring to. The question in her mind however... "Who are you?" She stepped away from him, smoothed her damp hands down her tunic covered knees.

"You do not recognize the Sun God you claim to love?" His dark brows pulled together at the center. "Perhaps you are disillusioned by my appearance, no?"

Isali felt the air lock in her chest, her heart flutter, felt as though she was a child who'd just received her very first nameday gift. "Ra," she whispered in disbelief. "The depictions were wrong." His head was nothing like that of a hawk and from what she could see, he was man in every way possible. 

Once again she felt the heat of his hands on her waist and then she was standing so close to him there was no room between for air. "Very wrong, Isali."

"How do you know my name?"

"I know everything about you," he said matter-of-factly. His eyes, potent with so many various shades of gold narrowed on hers. "Just as you know everything about me."

Not everything apparently. "Why are you here?" As much as she reveled to drink in the sight of him, to feel his closeness, Isali knew no god descended without purpose. The last had painted the sky red with the blood of many of her people; her culture was near extinction.

"I bring no destruction. Not today." Said Ra, as if he'd heard her thoughts. "Although I've descended with purpose."

And that quickly, his mouth was on hers, fingers gripping her chin to angle hers just as he liked. Isali moaned when his wet tongue licked across her lower lip and his teeth clamped down. Her own arms went to his neck where she clutched at the jagged strands of his dark hair. When he finally ended the contact, Isali was breathless.

"Ahh, my sweet, sweet Ali."

She ignored the new nickname, mimicked his arrogant smile, and said, "You're attractively skilled at that."

"My mouth can do so much more, little dove." He kissed her forehead, her eyes, nose, cheeks, and mouth. "You called to me to take you away from this place, in you slumber, you called to me."

"Yes," she answered, lost in his otherworldly eyes.

"I will take you above. Higher than the clouds. High enough for you to touch the stars. Would you like that?"

"Yes."

Gently, he smoothed his hands down her body and stopped at her bottom the same pregnant moment large wings as striking as his eyes extended from behind him. Each wing flared out on either side of him, each feather as heavy and dark as the next. Yes, the depictions had gotten him very wrong. The wings were pretty, beautiful even, and Isali could not stop herself from reaching a hand toward them any more than she could stop breathing.

They were softer than she expected, as hot as his body. The hands on her bottom pulled and forced her legs apart to accommodate his waist. With her legs spread so subserviently around him, she felt the hot throbbing meat between her thighs and muffled a moan. 

"Is this not wrong, my light?" she asked, using the same endearment she'd used a thousand times in her dreams. "Am I not condemning my soul to the underworld? To Osiris?"

"I am more than Him." Was all the god said. Holding her tightly, his wings moved and Isali felt the air push against her, felt rippling muscle take her to the skies. "I am the God of all Gods. And you—" he captured her lips in a kiss that was all passion and need and lust. "—You will be my Goddess. My consort who will stand beside me for all eternity."

Isali lost herself in his words, kissed him for all she was worth, and thanked the Creator for Everything. If this was a dream...then this was the best dream she'd ever constructed. And if it wasn't...? Well... The heat between her thighs answered that quickly. 

Ra, his manhood hard with desire, rubbed himself earnestly against her. His Ali. He'd had her in her slumber, many times, in this very position, drilling his cock into her until the only word that escaped her pretty lips was his name. Over and over again. Now he'd have her in the flesh. The thought excited him beyond what he thought possible and when his Ali moaned; he used a sharp claw to cut away the straps of emerald fabric connecting over her shoulders, exposing to him, her breasts.

He smiled, flexing his wings to take them higher as he lowered his mouth to her neck, pulling her breasts toward him. She shuddered when her stiff nipples brushed his own and moaned when he thrust his hips forward, using the head of his cock to tease the slick areas within her swollen nether lips. He groaned bringing his wings to a sudden halt.

Around them the air was slim, clouds danced beneath them, billowing out like an endless blanket of white fur. "I'm going to take you. Here and Now, my Ali." The woman who'd infiltrated his intimate dream-realm, who'd claimed him as her own moaned. Loud. And threw her head back, allowing him full access. 

Ra wasted no time and devoured every inch of skin his mouth could reach. He kept the movement of his hips slow and sensuous. Of all Gods it was Ra would could best please a woman and this instant was no exception. This instant was more. He kissed her collarbone, slithered his hands up to the underside of her breasts, her legs still locked around his waist. His thumbs moved first, rubbing over her protruding nipples.

Isali moaned. "Ra?" Hands pulling at his hair. "I am below you. It is known."

The Sun God stopped, "You, my Ali, will never be below me." He cupped her breast with his right hand, both hard and gentle. With his left he cut through the only fabric separating them, and allowed the white cloth to fall through the clouds. "I will take you as my goddess, my mate. I will rain fire for you. Anything. Everything."

His free hand positioned his cock at the hot entrance of her body. One quick thrust and he was completely sheathed inside of her. Ali went stagnant against him and she buried her face into his neck. Her hair smelled of sweet, sweet roses unfound in the lands of Egypt. He wondered how?

"You're so big." A roll of her hips. A single command, "Move!"

Ra flexed his wings until she was beneath him, atop of a bed of furry whites. He kissed her mouth, full, his tongue darting through her lips to battle with hers. Her hands caressed over his back sending jolts of electricity to his toes, even the tips of his wings. 

He withdrew his cock from a her tight heat, until he was almost out—and thrust back into her again. And again. And again. She moaned, clawed at his back, surely drawing blood. He smiled against her mouth, "You cannot hurt me." His cock pushed deeper. "Harder."

Isali sucked in a breath of air, her womanhood stretching. "Ohhh," she moaned, clawing at the rigid muscles in her hands. Her heart, her insides, her everything pulsed in a rage of ecstasy. Above her he grunted, his breath heavy over her neck, and lower, to her breasts where he sucked and bit and licked and teased. "My God."

"Do you like that?" he asked. His hand was now on her sex rubbing at the nub of sensations. His cock throbbing, in and out. Harder. Faster. 

"Ahhhh... Hmmm... Yes..." She answered, and it was more of a cry than coherent words. She met him thrust for thrust, pushed up when he impelled down. "Ohhhhh, Yes. Yeeeesss! Ra!!!" Her breathing was ragged and her moans soon turned into screams that echoed around them. 

She clenched her inner muscles, feeling her core release her sweet nectar over his rock-hard cock. His hands wandered to her hips and he angled her a little to the left before pounding into her with unrelenting force. She felt him at the pit of her stomach, touching places within she'd not known existed. She cried out again, biting down on his sweat-slicked shoulder—and felt him tense, throb, and fill her with his divine seed.

"Ahhh, my sweet, sweet Ali." He kissed the corners of her mouth. "Mine." His cock, still hard even though he'd flooded her womanhood with so much of his seed it dripped out onto her thighs, he moved slowly this time. And every movement caused her to gasp, to groan, to scream. 

One word.

His name.

This union was deliberate, as love-making should be. Ra captured her lips, settled a hand in her midnight hair, and poured all his lust and desire into her with each push forward. She was constantly moaning, was now marking his chest with those mother-cat claws of hers. And the Sun God relished in it. The sounds she was making were the most beautiful sounds he'd ever heard. 

"Come for me, little dove." His cock, drilling into her leisurely was touching her spot, the one he knew would give the most pleasure. Her special spot untouched by anyone but him. He could tell by the way her screams echoed louder and her eyes shot open in surprise. He hit that spot again. Twice. Three. Four. Five. And on the sixth, the walls of her womanhood clamped down on his cock so tightly she swallowed him whole.

And Ra could not hold on any longer. 

Isali was smiling, the corners of her mouth reaching her ears. She felt him slip out of her but she didn't mind, she was euphoric, had been claimed on the most primitive of levels, had been made to feel like a goddess as he'd promised her.

"I must return you, my sweet Ali." He said as he took them upright. "And tomorrow I shall claim you again...as my Queen."

TO BE CONTINUED :D 