 Jeff stood on the aft deck of the ship- a sloop, actually, he'd been informed-and tried to strike a dashing pose in the best Jack Sparrow tradition.

After all, he was captain of a pirate ship- er, sloop- and he was sailing into the harbor of the greatest pirate city in the world for his first time ever, and he wanted to make a good impression.

He hadn't been able to find a hat or a long jacket like something out of Pirates of the Caribbean, but he at least had a loose-fitting white shirt with big, puffy sleeves, and a wide red sash with numerous edged and pointy things of various lengths thrust through it, and he was feeling kind of cool.

The sloop was a prize of war: his band had liberated it from its previous crew by stealing it away while those pirates had been engaged in attacking a large merchant ship. 

They had rowed close by in Jeff's folding boat- a miraculous little contraption in itself, which had several very useful properties, not the least of them being to be able to hide in plain sight (what Jeff thought of as a cloaking device)- until the pirates had committed most of their crew to the attack. 

Then they had swooped in and struck. The fact that there were only four of them, and that they had been cramped together into a little rowboat for hours was mitigated by the fact that one of them was quite the bloodthirsty pirate herself, one was a nearly ten-foot tall Cyclops, and another was possessed of numerous sundry magical weapons and contrivances. 

The fourth --his trusty manservant Giton-wasn't a whole lot of good in a fight, but he could serve the useful purpose of cutting the lines and grapnels that connected the sloop to the merchant ship and then steering them away while the others took care of the crew.

It had been neatly done, and when the pirates still aboard the merchant ship saw what had happened to their own vessel, they surrendered en masse, which made a grateful man out of the captain of the merchant ship. 

Grateful enough to give a handful of the pirates back, enough to make a skeleton crew for the sloop, a hand-picked lot that Jeff had no doubt would gleefully stick a knife in his back if they thought for a moment they could get away with it.

But Saetha could handle them well enough, and at any rate the ashlander pirate was planning to draft her own crew as soon as they hit port: once Jeff had ransomed his friends and returned them to safety the ship was going to be hers. 

The four of them had escaped the island of the Goddess for different motives, but all due to the same over-arching reason: the ascension of Celeyth to the court of the greater god Enlil had left a community of religious fanatics in its wake. 

Sure- the religion was largely based on sex, which in itself made it a hell of a lot more palatable than most to Jeff, but most everyone who had seen the events seemed to think of Jeff as semi-divine himself now. 

Which surprisingly enough got old in a hurry, despite making him the center of attraction at the nearly non-stop orgies that went on in the name of the goddess.

Besides, he was still headed to Kardis to save his friends Bette and Elvira from a life of slavery.

Saetha remained cynical and unimpressed with the whole god/goddess thing; Jeff figured it was just her nature to be naturally rebellious, anti-social and (some would say) borderline sociopathic. So she had jumped at the chance to get off the island, especially since her former partner Mesthines was practically the high-priestess of the newly forming religion, and out of the pirate business for good.

Dina was just bored: her sister was surprisingly enough also a pretty prominent figure in the faith, and Dina didn't see herself getting off the island anytime soon if she didn't go with them right now. Besides, since Jeff could now use the bracelet to shift to any size he wanted from six inches tall to over fifteen feet, he could occasionally be talked into shooting up to a size large enough to give her a good swiving. And with him gone the only other suitably sized cock on the island belonged to a centaur, who had both sharp hooves and a persistent odor. 

Giton was simply going to go where ever Jeff was.

One of the parting gifts of the goddess had been an understanding of the all of the magic items in the remaining chest. These had been hitherto un-catalogued and un-defined, and Jeff had found some of them to be the most powerful and useful items he had yet seen- the boat among them.

So here they were, coming into Kardis in style- and as captain of a ship, Jeff would get a discounted ransom rate on the girls.

They were being guided to a berth by a little pilot-ship, and they sailed up to spot on one of several long, wide stone quays.

There was a ship docked at the next quay, separated by less than a hundred feet of water. It was much bigger, and what crew it had left aboard was all leaning on the rails watching Jeff's sloop put in.

"Hey- aint that the Murderer's Row?" one of the men shouted across. "Where's Captain Boran?"

"Nope." Jeff yelled back. "This is the SS Minnow. Just got back from a three hour tour."

"You better watch your back when our first mate gets back- he's Boran's cousin!"

"Aw, shit." Jeff said. "We had to pull up right next to the last captain's cousin?"

Saetha smirked. "No matter- the story would have gotten around soon enough. Better we know where trouble might be coming from."

That made me a little uneasy. "What kind of trouble can we expect?"

She shrugged. "Let's get squared away first, then we'll talk."

The ashlander quickly saw to it that the ship was berthed safely, and detailed Giton and a couple of the rescued pirates who had stated they'd like to stay on as part of the new crew as a rear-guard. Jeff armed the scrawny little manservant with a couple of toys that would make sure he could keep the ship safe. 

As they gathered on the dock to head into the city, a stubby little man in a blue suit that had probably once been very expensive trotted out to meet them, flanked by a couple of soldiers armed with a pike and a crossbow, and a half-naked boy toting a big leather bound book.

"That'd be the guy from the harbor-masters' office." Saetha said to Jeff. "You're going to have to declare the ship in your own name. All you have to do is rename it and claim that you want to join as a free-captain in the brotherhood of Kardis, and we'll be safe enough for a while from being attacked.

The clerk pulled up in a huff, wiping at his forehead with a handkerchief. "You're flying the flag of the brotherhood- what ship is this and who is the captain?" He pulled out a big feathered quill from somewhere and the boy deftly propped the book open on a sort of shelf built into a pilon of the dock. 

"Um- that'd be me. My name is Prince. And the ship is the.....SS Minnow."

"The Minnow? Doesn't sound very pirate-like." The clerk observed. 

Jeff shrugged, cursing at himself silently for coming up blank- he'd seen the Pirates of the Caribbean movies a half dozen times, and even several books about pirates like Captain Kidd and Blackbeard, and then suddenly whiffed on the names of all the ships involved. 

Luckily all those Gilligan's Islands re-runs had come to the rescue.

"Anyway, I'm here to claim membership in the brotherhood." I said. 

Saetha stepped forward. "He means to petition the mayor for a Captain's rights straight off." 

"The clerk looked up over the page he was scribbling on and eyed me. "Does he, now? Then make haste: the new mayor will be eager to embrace her first captain."

"New mayor? What happened to Bloody William?" Saetha asked.

"An unfortunate argument at the last conclave resulted in a challenge. Bloody William declined to use a champion, while Captain Evans chose his first mate- the Minotaur called Taker. It did not go well for the late Lord Mayor. The Lady Xandes is mayor now."

Saetha sputtered. "Xandes? How the hell did that fish end up in the chair of office?"

The clerk raised his eyebrows as the two soldiers shifted uneasily. "Better watch your tongue, my dear lady." He admonished. "The new mayor runs no less a tight ship than the previous ones, and disrespect can be punished."

To Jeff's surprise, Saetha clamped her mouth shut and just nodded. She took over the proceedings in a more subdued manner, answering the clerks' questions about the cargo and making arrangements for porters to cart the goods to the shops.

That done, the clerk and his entourage trotted off to the next ship that was pulling in, and Jeff's party turned and began the trek into the city itself. Dina carried the wooden chest that held Jeff's hoard of magical weapons as they walked. Saetha cursed and spoke in a quiet voice as they walked. 

"Damn, Bloody William was an old ship-mate of mine. We had a guarantee of you being recognized as a captain with him in the chair. Now you're going to have to be interviewed by Xandes. She can do whatever she wants- demand money or cargo for a flat fee, or set some kind of test for you, or even give you a quest before she accepts you as a brother captain."

"What sort of test are we talking about?" Jeff asked, suddenly uneasy again. "And what about this cousin from the other ship- if I'm not a captain, he can just jump us, right?"

"No- you're registered already as an applicant. Until a decision is made you and your ship are as safe as anyone else's."

As they entered the city itself, there were streets running off in two directions. One was obviously full of warehouses, the other was full of saloons, shops and taverns. 

The streets were wide and neatly paved with stones. There were gutters with barred drains and raised sidewalks fronting the street with the shops. All in all, it was a remarkably cleaner and more orderly city than Avincor had been. 

At the first intersection of streets there was a sort of small courtyard in the middle of the square, and there were half a dozen naked folks of either sex chained by the neck standing in it. 

"Is that the slave-auction site?" Jeff asked eagerly, craning his neck for a glance of the green goblin skin of Elvira or the brown hair of Bette Willsmith. 

"No- that's in the main city courtyard and it's a lot bigger. Some of these are slaves who are being punished by their masters, but most are just free citizens serving time on criminal charges." 

As they walked by, a big, scruffily bearded pirate stumbled out of a tavern and suddenly pulled up short, peering at the prisoners. Smiling evilly through his beard, he walked over to one of the slaves- a thin blonde-headed young man with flaring mustaches.

The bearded pirate laughed cruelly and reached out to yank the chain that held the man, and dragged him over to a low railing. 

"So they finally caught you, Berty? I told you I'd get you back some day for cheating at dice, you little prick." The pirate said harshly. "Now bend over the fucking rail."

The prisoner glanced around wide-eyed, but a couple more of the guards were standing there watching impassively.

With helpless resignation the blonde man turned and bent as ordered while the pirate fumbled at his belt. 

"You mean people can do anything they want to these prisoners?" Jeff said as the pirate began trying to massage his dick to hardness, edging in close to the blonde man's exposed backside.

"Well, you're not supposed to actually do them bodily harm. But part of their punishment is to be for the use of the general public." Saetha said. 

Jeff scanned the prisoners. A couple weren't half bad looking women. Apparently the bearded pirate noted this at the same time. He pointed to a slightly heavy-set brunette with massive melons.

"Get over here and suck me hard, bitch. I don't want to keep Berty waiting."

"Damn- I might come back here later and get my box licked clean." Dina said, watching the brunette start to work obediently on the pirates' tool. "Too bad none of the guys have a decent sized cock."

Jeff snorted in restrained laughter. The Cyclops considered 18 inches of cock about the minimum for her needs. She wasn't likely to find her Mr. Goodbar amongst normal humans.

"So where is the mayor's office?" Jeff asked as they continued on. He didn't particularly care to wait around and watch the mustached man get plowed up the ass.

Saetha pointed to a large white marble building that dominated the skyline ahead. "In the middle of the palace. You're going to have to go in alone." She pointed to a three story building on the street up ahead. "That's the Reaver's Dream- the best hotel in the city. Dina and me'll get us rooms there while you go see the mayor. Whatever you do, don't decline whatever price or challenge she gives to you- if you do, your ship is free game, and if you live it all you'll end up on the slave block."

Jeff scowled. This had all sounded like such a good idea a couple of days ago...

He waited several hours to be admitted to the mayor's court. As he entered, he glanced around. Men and women were gathered in small groups, talking. He studied them as he waited to be announced. Some of them looked typically piratish- flashy clothes of silk and brocade and bristling with weapons, but some looked very normal and unimposing, dressed like merchants. 

Most turned to regard him as he was finally announced by a page. He had been told to stride up to within a dozen feet of the mayor's chair of office once he heard his name called, but about half way there he nearly stumbled.

There was a chair- a big throne-like wooden affair- but nobody was sitting in it. Instead, sharing the dais was a large glass tub filled with water next to it, and in this lounged a naked mermaid with verdant green hair.

He saw her start to smile with dark humor as he reacted to her, and that started to make him mad. "Bitch- I've went toe to toe with a freaking goddess. You aint shit to me." He thought to himself, and straightened a little taller as he boldly approached to the very edge of the dais.

He nodded a nonchalant greeting. "Lady Xandes. How ya doing today?"

Her brilliant green eyes widened with genuine surprise and humor this time, and she laughed, a high, trilling sound that carried throughout the room.

"So you are my first victim." She said. Her voice was rich and powerful, and he could sense the magic in it. Her voice had some power to affect the mind, but again his previous experience in the presence of divinity served him in good stead, and he ignored the affect.

He let his eyes deliberately drop down to her impressive bosom, and further down to where her human body merged with the fish part. He wondered of there was a slit there that concealed a vagina.

When he raised his eyes again to meet hers, he saw puzzlement and what might be either interest or anger or both. "Careful, boy." He told himself. "You've made your point- no need to piss her off outright."

"I'm at your service, milady." He said in what he hoped was a suave manner. 

She smiled again. "Tell me, Captain Prince. Do you like seafood?"

He smiled back, throwing as much charm as he could into it. If she was going to task him with something crazy like catching a shark with his bare hands or finding a monster-sized lobster or something he was going to take it in stride. "Sure- I love it." 

"Then dine with me in my chambers tonight- I will make my decision in the morning."

He showed back up at Xandes' wing of the palace at the appointed time, bathed and dressed in finery. He had bought a fine rapier, more for appearance than anything else: he did carry an entire arsenal of more subtle weaponry about his person.

She wore her hair back in a net of pearls and gold and wore a dazzling emerald that hung between her naked breasts, but was otherwise naked.

She waived him to a comfortably padded couch that put him in roughly the same position she was in. their heads only a short distance apart and their lower bodies extending away in separate directions. 

Between them was a massive platter of what Jeff could only describe as sushi and a chilled bottle of wine. 

She asked for his story as they dined, and he told her bits and pieces of it- how he came to this world, his adventures with demons and necromancers and goddesses and gods, and how he had come into possession of a pirate ship. 

He didn't give away his dependence on magical items or his relative inexperience with the standard weaponry of this world: if she assumed he was a mighty warrior-wizard, so much the better.

And on Saetha's advice he didn't mention his hunt for Bette and Elvira either. 

"So how did you come to be mayor of a city of humans?" He asked.

She smiled. "You might say I was the least volatile choice. There are three main factions amongst the captains: I am the only person that has worked with all three. And I have certain....gifts that enhanced my chances."

Jeff's eyes darted down to her tits briefly and back to her eyes. She noticed the glance.

"Not those, foolish boy." 

He shrugged. "Maybe not, but those would get you my vote any day of the week."

"Really?" She said, glancing down and trailing a finger idly around the aureole of one magnificently firm boob. "Do you find them that attractive?" Her eyes locked with his and he could feel the immediate affect on his crotch.

"This one feels like it's a little bigger than the other." She said, cupping both tits and jiggling them slightly. "Want to feel?"

His hands were on them instantly. The skin was warm and moist, and the flesh of the tits themselves were like no woman's he had ever felt before.

They were heavy and so firm they were almost hard. He had felt silicone tits back on his world that were almost rock solid, but this was different- this was living flesh that was apparently just increcibly dense. 

Her nipples rose as he stroked them gently, and they protruded almost half an inch outward, He lowered his mouth to one and gently sucked, and her hands came around to grab his head, and she let out a soft moan of pleasure.

"You're getting your shirt wet." She noted, and he helped her haul it off over his head with urgent haste. He mouthed a tit again as he slipped out of his clothes. 

He was naked in a few seconds, and she half-pulled him into her tank with her. The water was room temperature, and his submerged legs brushed up against her scaled lower body. He fondled and massaged one mound of flesh while he laved the other with passion.

He felt her hands inch their way down his torso. One twined itself in his pubic hair while the other softly brushed the lines of his belly muscles. As he shifted his mouth to her other tit she ever so lightly brushed the top of his cock from base to head and back down, then lightly grasped the base and sensuously pumped up and down the length of him. 

Her hands left him and she felt him grab both his hips. He felt her lift him up easily- she was amazingly strong- ahd she sat him on her torso. His cock lay nestled between those wonderful globes. 

She squeezed them together, forming a valley that he began exploring with long, slow strokes. 

She chanted something that he recognized as a spell and he felt the valley between her tits literally shift around his cock. He gasped and looked down.

The flesh between her tits had merged. Where is cock was entering between them were what could only be described as cunt lips. She had created a vagina between her breasts!

She apparently got as much pleasure out of the new sensations as he did: she gasped and moaned, and he saw her eyes fill with lust. 

Groaning with pleasure, he began to work the hole with strokes of varying angle and depth. He had definitely noticed a change in his sexual experience since the goddess had given him her gift: his could swear his cock got harder than ever, and he had never gotten any complaints, and it was definitely more sensitive. He could seemingly last as long as he wanted now without even needing to think about it, and when he did come it was harder, longer and produced twice as much cum as he ever had before, and he could recharge from limp back to full like he was 18 years old again.
