 Jeff circled the flying carpet slowly, gazing down at the city and the gleaming marble palace in its center from high above.

If what he had learned in Kardis was true, this was the end of his long journey of rescue: Bette and Elvira had been bought as slaves by this petty king, hardly more than a pirate and bandit himself. 

"Well, Giton- I guess it's showtime." He said. The man-servant sat behind him, atop the heavy wooden chest that Jeff hoped would buy his friends' freedom. 

"I hope you know what you're doing master." The scrawny man whined. 

Jeff sighed inwardly. Nothing like your friends having faith in you, he thought with some sarcasm. But he had to secretly agree with the nervous sentiment to some extent.

He guided the carpet down in a slow, sweeping arc that brought him into the city from the direction of the sea, only a dozen yards or so above the masts of the galleys and ships- close enough to hear the exclamations from the crowd below as they passed slowly overhead up the main boulevard of the city at a slow, stately rate towards the palace.

This was a hot climate, and the natives- male and female alike- mostly wore only brief white linen kilts. Jeff tried not to ogle at more than one magnificent rack on proud display, and noted that the more affluent women had jewelry or paint accentuating their tits in most delectable ways.

He guided the carpet directly over the wide main street to the gates of the palace, which were open. He debated briefly going over the walls but decided a better message would be sent by gliding through the gates, and brought the carpet to a hovering stop directly in front of the gilded doorway of the main building.

A pair of guards in gleaming bronze breastplates and greaves shifted their spears and shields nervously, and a fat, white headed man in a short white kilt and sandals stepped forward, raising his hand.

"Greetings, great wizard. Welcome to Doria, home city and summer palace of the great Elephesias, King of the Argi and Dori, Prince of the Spear Coast tribes, Lord of the Western Marches. What brings you to this place?"

Jeff stared at the man with his best poker face. He had done his homework: these people were fierce and war-like, respecting strength and prowess in arms and disdaining magic. 

"Beware who you insult, fat man." He said with as much arrogance as he could muster. "It is no wizard that comes before you. I am Jeffrey, Prince of Disneyland. I would speak with your King, and ransom a pair of subjects of mine who have come under the protection of your lord."

"Indeed!" the fat man smiled in glee and his greedy eyes swept to the chest. "Pray come inside, mighty prince, and I will arrange your interview with my lord the king."

"Wait here." He said to Giton, and jumped easily to the ground.

Jeff was clad in war-like finery: heavily stylized light armor that showed off his large, muscular physique, with multiple edged items of destruction strapped to his body. But as always, if the shit hit the fan he would rely on the various magical items secreted about him. 

He followed the man inside, and was immediately impressed with the splendor of the place. He walked on deep, plush carpets amid polished columns to wait on a finely carven divan while the fat man went into the king's chamber. 

After only a few moments, the fat man beckoned him into the room- a large, open chamber full of people. 

As he entered the room, a man by the door smacked his staff on the floor twice, producing a curiously musical ring, and shouted out Jeff's name and title for all to hear.

Jeff felt every set of eyes in the room upon him- every set except for those of the rather buxom blonde woman who had her head buried in the lap of the man on the throne. 

Her curly hair swept around as she wiggled and bobbed her head on the shaft of the King.

There were probably twenty-five or thirty people in the room- a half-dozen of them guards, a few kilt-wearing types wearing gold and jewels standing close around the throne, and the rest were naked females in a line stretching from an open doorway near the throne to the blonde woman slobbing the knob at the center of the room.

The fat man stepped forward and waived Jeff to follow. As they drew within a dozen paces or so, the king waived a negligent hand and a big, bald black man next to him yelled "Next!' 

The blonde rose from her kneeling position and curtsied briefly to the king before moving off through another door behind the throne, and the next woman in line immediately took her place in front of the king's gleaming hard-on, a massive totem that jutted forth, gleaming with saliva. This woman one was a tall, angular, obviously elvish, with cascading black hair.

Jeff looked at the other women in the line. There were all types of races and builds present, but each one was a knock-out. Did this king really sit here getting blown all day long by one hottie after another? 

His eyes met the King's and he saw that the man was watching him closely, measuring Jeff's reaction to the scene. 

"Poker-face", Jeff reminded himself. 

The King smiled, and Jeff was reminded of a the menacing glare of a shark. He was a middle-aged man with a neatly trimmed beard and no mustache. His naked torso bore various scars that attested to his history around sharp steel. "Greetings, my fellow prince." He said, his voice deep and even. "Laerdus tells me you have come with a ransom. I am always interested in visitors who come with gold."

Jeff nodded. "I am told you have two of my subjects in your holdings. Two women- a brown haired lass of some beauty, and a green-skinned goblin. I would refund your purchase price for them, along with a reward for keeping them safe for me."

The king scowled faintly. "A brunette and a green skin?" He glanced over at the fat man. "Laertus, is it possible I have such in my custody?"

Laertus shrugged. "You have two hundred women in your harem, lord. At least five of them are green-skinned, and brunettes number in the dozens.'

"Hmmm." The king mused. He glanced down at the woman in his lap almost distractedly and waived his hand again. The black man boomed out "Next!" and the elvish woman was replaced by an Asiatic looking girl with a shaved head and delicate silver chains and piercings joining her nipples to her ear lobes in a crossing pattern. 

He glanced back at Jeff. "Let's say I did have possession of these subjects of yours. They are most likely members of my harem. Almost my wives, if you will. I can hardly sell one of my wives like a common whore, could I? But.....if there were something else you could do for me- as a sort of princely favor, one ruler to another, perhaps I could be convinced to accept a gift for the return of your property."

"A favor?" Jeff asked.

"Yes. Or you could think of it as a sort of test- my way to assure your worthiness to claim not one, but two of my wives. Yes- that might be a better way to think of it."

Jeff nodded, keeping his face perfectly still. "And what would this test be?"

"There is a creature bothering my subjects in the mountain villages to the West. Normally I would enjoy the opportunity for a little hunt myself, but I am expecting an embassy from a neighboring state to arrive any moment now- some business about a war-alliance or some-such. Take care of this small matter for me- by the next full moon- and I shall consider your offer further."

Jeff kept his face schooled to an icy calm, but he was getting pissed off. He knew there was a lot more to this deal, and it wasn't something he should just jump into, but he wasn't going to give this pompous son of a bitch the pleasure of running his mouth any further."No problem. Have your fat man come outside and give me the details and I'll be back in a week." He bowed graciously, then turned on his heel and stalked out.

Twenty minutes later, he was soaring several hundred feet above the earth, cursing aloud for all he was worth. "You've got to be fucking kidding me! A ten-foot tall, fire-breathing monster that weapon's can't touch and is totally impervious to magic. How the hell do I beat that?" 

When he calmed down, he turned to face Giton. "OK- here's where you go to work. I'll drop you off a mile or so out of town, and you go in and snoop around. I want all the dirt you can dig up- on the king, on whether Bette and Elvira are even here, and especially on this fucking monster. Where it holes up, how many people it's killed, all that. Find out ab0ut anybody that went up against it- I need to find out what its weakness is, or anything at all about it. Or if will it be easier to just bust the girls out after all. You understand? You'll have plenty of coin on you, so buy whatever you need. Got it?"

Giton nodded eagerly. "Sure, boss. I saw a couple of hostels that looked like promising places to start a conversation, and there was a public bath, too. I'll meet you right here first thing tomorrow morning."

The next morning, closer to noon, Jeff had just about decided to go into town himself and start looking for Giton, wondering if he was now going to have to pay another ransom, when he saw the figure of his man-servant hove into view in the distance. 

Jeff winced as he realized the man was walking with a limp, leaning on a staff- had he sent his servant into harm's way? 

"Gods above, what did I get him into?" He thought in panic, and jumped on the carpet to zoom over to the tottering figure.

As ne neared, he could see the huge grin on Giton's face, and he realized the man was still at least partly drunk, accounting at least in part for the staff. Jeff had never seen the little git take more than a glass of wine at a time.

"What the hell happened? Where have you been?" Jeff demanded, vaguely aware that he sounded like an over-wrought parent.

Giton squinted up at his master, a dozen feet above on the carpet. "Well- you remember that public bath? It started there, and I don't really know what happened after that. But there was this shiny little black man with the most wonderful prick! My poor asshole might never be the same..."

Jeff groaned aloud. "Great. Just fucking great. Some spy you are."

"Well- about that- I did find out who you need to talk to...."

"Oh, yeah?" Jeff asked skeptically.

Giton nodded firmly. "Yup. There's a seer on the top of that mountain." He pointed at a far off peak. "She's the one you need to talk to. She'll tell you just how to beat that prick. Oh, yes, that marvelous... prick...." Saying that, Giton pitched forward on his face, snoring. 

Cursing again, Jeff hauled him up onto the carpet and sped off towards the mountain top.

The seer was a middle aged woman, kind of heavy-set and very plain looking. She was hoeing in a garden patch when the carpet approached, and she looked up without surprise when Jeff spoke a greeting to her.

"No need to climb down." She said. "You need to go talk to the Selme. She's the goddess of the river that runs down yonder valley. You'll need to lay naked on the banks of the river, polishing your pole. When she comes to you, she aint gonna give you nothing until you beat her at her own game: you're going to have to fuck her into submission. If she makes you come first, she'll pull you under water into her cave for the next twenty, thirty years. But if you make her come, she'll have to answer any question you ask- she'll have to tell you what her brother's weakness is."

Jeff shook his head in confusion. "Wait. Wait a minute. I didn't even ask you anything...?"

"You aint all that bright, are ya?" She said, waiving her arms and bowing slightly. "Hello? You know what a seer is?" 

Jeff nodded sheepishly. "Oh. Yeah. Sorry- I thought I would have to burn an offering, or something."

She spat. "Not for this one. Now remember- Selme is a shape-shifter. You're in for a wild ride, sonny-boy."

Jeff nodded, somewhat uncertainly. "And then she'll tell me how to kill the monster. And the monster is her...brother?"

"Well, half-brother, anyway. They got the same momma. God's tend to throw some strange off-spring sometimes."

"Um... If you're a seer, can't you just tell me how to kill the thing yourself?"

She snorted. "Being a seer doesn't let you know everything, sonny. Now go fuck your watery tart silly. And when you get done with the monster, bring its carcass back here before you go back to see that so-called king."

With that, she turned and began hoeing the garden again, humming slightly.

An hour later, Jeff had found himself a comfortable spot next to the small, quick-moving river and finally convinced himself he wasn't crazy to strip naked and begin jacking off. 

Well, not totally crazy. But if this was some sort of weird practical joke, somebody was going to get a lightning bolt right up the ass, he thought.

He stroked himself idly, his cock jutting up towards the billowing clouds above. It seemed like only a few minutes before he heard a curious bubbling laughter, and he looked up to see a blue-skinned woman leaning out of the water. Her skin was translucent, and her hair and eyes were both a brighter, more electric shade of blue- even her teeth were blue. 

"You must be Selme." He said.

She raised an eyebrow, although her eyes stayed riveted to his staff, which he continued to slowly pound. 

"Another mortal who seeks knowledge?" she said, her voice high and musical. "The last one who challenged me is still beneath the waves, waiting for me to return to my bed. Would you like to take his place?"

Jeff smiled. "Not particularly, no. I need to know how to beat your brother."

She laughed, a high, trilling sound. "You must mean poor Wekend. He's quite mad, you know- it would be an act of mercy to put him down. Still, there are rules. To get what I know, you have to make me come. If you come first, or are unable to fuck more for any reason, you are my slave for as long as I deem it pleasing to me. Agreed?"

"As simple as that?" Jeff replied. "We just fuck?"

"Pretty much." She said as she stepped out of the river. In a flash, she was on top of him, and she grabbed his wrists and pinned them to the ground, and just that quick impaled herself on his wand. 

It all happened as fast as a wave breaking over him, and Jeff had the subconscious impression that had in fact just happened.

Her cooze was somehow cool and warm at the same time, and he gasped in pleasure as she began humping up and down on his length.

She laughed out loud. "Some men come right then and there- I'm glad to see you have a little more stamina than that." She peered down into his eyes. "Where shall we begin, then? How about we throw a little scare into you and see if you stay hard?"

Suddenly her appearance morphed. He felt spiny, bristly hair burst out of her flesh, and her face contorted into something monstrous, with huge yellow, bulging eyes and green tusks and fangs that gnashed down at him.

But she kept riding him, up and down, and the pussy was still good. After a few strokes she growled fiercely and changed again, and suddenly it was a goat-like thing atop him, and she brought both cloven feet up beside his flanks in a squatting position, still riding the length of him.

He chuckled. "I always thought only the males had those curling horns like that?" 

She bleated in anger this time, and the sound turned to a hiss as she changed into some sort of human-dinosaur thing. This time he felt even the physiology of her cunt change against him- she was dryer now, and much tighter. Her belly and tits were covered in square yellow scales, and the rest of her was in some sort of pebbly, orange and black mottled hide, with a huge tail that was waving frantically in the air as she pushed herself up and down on his fuck-stick. 

"Oh, that's good, baby." He groaned, getting into this big-time now. 

She brought her snout down towards his face, rows of dagger-like teeth opening up and one baleful eye staring into his, but when she made contact it was once more her own blue lips that met his, and she was back into her normal form, her pussy once more wet and hungry. He could see the lust and passion in her eyes, and her brow furrowed. "OK, we'll try something else, then." She said.

The arms that trapped him became greenish-gray tentacles, covered with suckers, and several more flailed and probed about his body. Her own body was only an elongated oval that hardly covered the length of his cock, and a ring of muscle seemed to pulse up and down it's length, squeezing with exquisite force. 

He smiled in pleasure. "This is as good a fuck-session as I've had in a long time," he observed.

She flashed into a giant snake, his cock impaling her body somewhere towards the middle and her coils keeping his arms trapped. Her human face swayed high above him, in rhythm with the thrusts that he began pumping up into her. 

Suddenly she was herself again, and her hands came off his arms. His hands went immediately to her boobs, kneading and pinching. Then they started to expand, and she changed into what he guessed was some sort of grotesque troll or ogre woman, with rolls of fat and warts and boils all over her.

But the fucking was still fine, he noted, and he started wiggling his hips at the top and bottom of each stroke, pulling at those massive tits. 

She began to shrink, becoming almost skeletally thin, and for a moment he was reminded of the goblin Elvira, who was a dynamite piece of ass. But she kept shrinking until she was only a few feet tall, black skinned and horned. 

He couldn't see how his cock was possibly fitting inside her now, but she kept gamely humping against him. "What is that- a kobold?" he asked. 

She made an eerie, hyena-like sound and morphed again, and now it was a full-sized skeleton that rode atop of him. He could see his cock thrusting up through the bones of her pelvis- but even though there was no flesh, the sensation of a cunt surrounded his cock, so he kept pumping away. He had the random thought that this would have helped him pass anatomy back in school, and then she was morphing again, back into her normal form.

She collapsed a little on him, and he grinned. He grabbed her waist and bunched his feet up under him and rose to a standing position with her still impaled on his sword. 

She grunted heavily, then stared again deeply into his eyes. "I see now that you are god-touched. I took you too lightly: now we'll start getting serious."

She must be able to get inside my head, he realized, because suddenly it was Madonna who was wrapping her long legs around his back, dancing atop his pole. He grinned in pleasure: if she was going to start going thru all the women in his head he wanted to fuck, this was going to be fun!

Sure enough, in a few more strokes Madonna was replaced by Brittany Spears, and she oohed and ahhed as he stroked into her. Brittany turned to J-Lo, and he just had to reach around and grab that ass, which played equally well when she shifted into Beyonce. 

He started holding her out onto the very tip of his cock for a few seconds before slamming her down the length of his shaft- no mean feat of strength- and she began gasping. 

When she shifted into Angelina Jolie he let her slump down backwards so that her shoulders were on the ground, and he was thrusting down into her. 

Ashley Judd caught the next few thrusts, and when she turned into Jessica Alba, Jeff shifted her legs up over his shoulders and began to seriously pound her pussy.

She changed back into her normal shape and her mouth opened wide. "Ohhhh!" she screamed in a voice that echoed like the surf, and she came fierce and hard, her cunt muscles clutching against him fiercely. 

Only when she was finished did he pull out, still erect and unsatisfied.

She rose to stand before him, looking down at his weapon and sighing. "I could have used that for another decade or two." She said with regret. "You want to know how to defeat my brother. His father was a sun-god, arrogant and fierce. Wekend's hide cannot be pierced while the sun shines on it, and his wounds heal in its light. His fiery breath comes from it's rays. But water is his nemesis. Perhaps Mother arranged that so he could never threaten me. Douse him in water and he weakens instantly."
