 "Henry?"

I opened my eyes blearily.

"I'm a witch."

At first I didn't react. My brain wasn't working. I was euphoric after the best sex I'd ever had with Anna. We had just celebrated our engagement with a party at her flat. All the guests had gone and we had gone to bed to make passionate love. Whether it was the limited amount of alcohol I'd drunk or the occasion, I don't know, but I had been able to spend hours on foreplay, arousing Anna to screaming orgasm several times before we had coupled frantically. After more foreplay and more intercourse in different positions I had drifted off to sleep holding her in my arms.

"What did you say?"

"I said: I'm a witch."

"Why, Anna?"

"What do you mean, why?"

Anna was far more awake than I was and her tone of voice warned me that I'd better get with it soon.

"Why did you say: I'm a witch?"

"Because I am."

I sat up in bed. As I did so, the bedclothes slid down exposing my chest and Anna's breasts that I loved so much. I looked down at her. She appeared to be serious, slightly worried, and waiting for a response from me.

"OK, Anna," I said. "We're engaged. Officially engaged. Last night we celebrated our engagement with our friends and very satisfyingly in this bed. Is your statement the dark secret you've been hiding from me, or is this a test?"

Anna's face crumpled slightly. I could see the glistening of a teardrop.

"Yes, it's a secret. No. It's not a test. I am a witch."

I hugged her tightly.

"OK. You're a witch. What does that mean to us? Do I have to become one too? Do I have to escort you to midnight assignations at Stonehenge? Will you park your broomstick in the hall?"

The humour wasn't working. I tried to be serious.

"Anna. I love you. I love you for what you are. If that includes you being a witch, then I love Anna the witch too. Does that answer the question?"

I kissed her forehead. She snuggled against my shoulder.

"Thank you, Henry. I love you too."

Anna kissed my bare chest.

"Well?" I asked.

"Well what, Henry?"

"Aren't you going to give me details? What does being a witch mean to you? Did you choose to be a witch? Did you go to evening classes to get a diploma of witchery?"

Anna giggled slightly.

"No evening classes. I was born a witch, daughter and granddaughter of witches. I have inherited powers that I have learned to develop and use. I don't have, and won't have a broomstick. I can't fly except in my imagination."

"So what can you do? What powers does my Anna the witch have?"

"Well..." Anna paused. "There's this one."

Her hand dropped to my hard-used penis. She stroked it gently. The soreness vanished and the erection returned.

"I think many women can do that to those who love them," I suggested.

"But can they take the soreness away?"

"No," I admitted.

"And can they do this?"

Anna sat back on her heels. Her breasts stood out. As I watched, unbelieving, her breasts grew three or four inches larger, still firm with erect nipples, but much larger.

"Or this?"

Her brunette hair coiled itself, unaided, on her head and changed colour, getting lighter and lighter until she was a natural blonde. My eyes dropped. Her bush was blonde too.

"OK. You're a witch. I like what you've shown me. Are there any drawbacks about you being a witch? Do I have to sell my soul?"

Anna was shocked.

"Of course not! I'm a white witch. There are some drawbacks. You need to trust me..."

My kiss answered her. As I withdrew my face I said:

"Of course I trust you. We're engaged to be married. We wouldn't have become engaged unless I trusted you -- with my life."

"But you need to trust me as a witch too. How do you know I didn't cast a spell to make you love me?"

"If you did, it rebounded. You love me too."

She kissed me. We hugged. Her larger breasts dug into my chest.

"Oops!" Anna said. She pulled away slightly. Her breasts returned to their normal size. Her hair dropped to her shoulders turning brunette again. We resumed kissing and hugging.

"I do have one useful power," Anna admitted. "I can play with perception of time. Would you like a demonstration?"

I nodded as far as I could as her lips met mine again.

...

I took Anna's hand as we walked into the bedroom. She spread-eagled herself on the bed. I started to stroke her body gently following my hand with my lips. She squirmed slightly as she responded to my caresses. I tried my hardest to make this night as enjoyable as possible for her. My fingers and tongue brought her to ecstasy again and again, to screaming orgasm after orgasm before we came to together for a shattering climax.

I repeated my inspired foreplay throughout the night until we fell asleep, exhausted and satiated in each other's arms.

...

"Henry?"

I opened my eyes blearily.

"I'm a witch."

...

Copyright Oggbashan October 2010

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work. This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.