 "Come on," Leon said as he helped Ashley out of the water and onto the jet ski, "Let's go home."

"Sounds like a great idea. Mission accomplished, right Leon?"

"Not quite. I still have to get you home safe." 

He revved the jet ski's engine and it shot across the waves. Soon, they neared a deserted beach. The sun was shining and the weather was beautiful, a stark contrast to what they had endured around the village of the Los Iluminados. Behind him, Leon felt Ashley's arms tighten a bit. 

"So uh, after you take me back to my place, how about we do some...overtime?"

Leon chuckled a bit. "Hmph. What do you mean by that?"

Ashley's hand drifted down, down...between his legs. "I think you know."

Leon drove the jet ski up onto the beach and dismounted. He looked down at Ashley. Her wet clothing was clinging to her body. A few strands of blond hair fell across her forehead, adding to the teasing look she was giving him. He had to remind himself not to stare.

"Ashley, I can't. You're the President's daughter. I can't take advantage of you like that."

"You wouldn't be taking advantage, Leon." Ashley said with a flirtatious smile.

Leon swallowed nervously as he tried not to imagine those full lips wrapped around his cock. Shaking his head to clear it, he offered his hand to Ashley.

"C'mon. It's a long way back to civilization."

* * *

The sun was just starting to set, and Leon sat on a large, smooth rock watching it descend toward the water when he felt Ashley come up behind him and start kissing his neck.

The two had walked along the beach for a bit, Leon trying to get his bearings. As night started to fall, they found a nice clearing in the forest just a few hundred feet from the beach. They stopped there to rest.

"Ashley, we can't."

"Why not?" she asked, still kissing his neck.

"I could lose my job."

She smiled. "I won't tell anyone. And I'll put in a good word for you if you fuck me now."

Leon struggled not to think about how good that sounded.

"Just one time?" he asked, his desires starting to override his sense of duty.

She smiled again, knowing she had won. 

"Whatever you want, Leon. Whatever you...desire." She said, drawing out the last word.

This job does have its perks, Leon thought as their lips met in a passionate kiss.

* * *

"Mmmm," Ashley moaned as she let Leon's cock slip out of her mouth. "Big boy."

She had taken charge and stripped Leon. His gun belt and shoulder holster lay next to the boulder he was still sitting on, and she had thrown his shirt back somewhere into the trees. She had paused to slip off her panties from underneath her skirt before unzipping his pants and taking his length into her skilled mouth. 

Leon took a deep breath as she licked and sucked him. "Ooooh shit, Ashley."

Ashley moaned around her mouthful of cock. "Mmmm....mmmm...mhm" She savored it, sucking and licking Leon like a lollipop. 

As the sensation began to build, Leon pulled Ashley up and captured her mouth in a fierce kiss. She moaned in delight as he did so, then gasped as he pulled back and yanked her shirt over her head leaving her in her boots, short skirt, and a black lacy bra that barely contained her full C-cup breasts.

"Oh God, Leon. I can't wait anymore. Fuck me please!"

Leon obliged. He grabbed her hips, picking her up and pushing her back into a nearby tree. She wrapped her legs around him as he buried his cock in her to the hilt. 

"Huuuhhh! Oh...so big, Leon!" Ashley moaned as he began fucking her in earnest. She captured his lips in another wet and hungry kiss as he thrust into her. She was pulling him deeper into her with her legs and began to writhe and moan. 

Leon began to kiss Ashley's neck as he yanked down her lacy bra, not wanting to take the time to unsnap it. The bra bunched underneath her breasts pushed them up and together, and Leon quickly moved his mouth to kiss them as he repeatedly buried his cock in her. "Uh...mmm, Ashley....you are so fucking hot."

"Oh, yes...fuck me...oh, Leon...huh!" Ashley cried, her moans getting louder. Leon sped up, and she felt an orgasm approaching.

"Yes...Leon...I'm cumming...I'm cumming!" She cried out, her pussy clamping down on him as a mind-blowing orgasm hit her.

Leon felt his own moment approaching. "Oh yes, Ashley...you are so fucking tight. I'm gonna...cum. Right fucking now. Where do you want it."

Bouncing as Leon fucked her, impaled on his cock, Ashley managed to gasp out. "Uh! In...my mouth!"

Leon pulled out of her, and she fell to her knees in front of him, taking his marvelous cock into her mouth. She bobbed up and down faster and faster on his cock, moaning around him as she did so. "Mmmm....mmmm!"

She looked up at him, and the sight of those sexy eyes meeting his was all it took for Leon. He exploded in her mouth, shooting stream after stream of cum down her throat. She swallowed it all, then smiled up at him.

"Mission accomplished, eh Leon?"