 (A.N) This story is my first composition—ever!— and it is not short. It has a plot and purpose that I hope you all enjoy. This is the first part of coming stories in a series called Touched By Divinity. 

Please remember that this story was written purely for pleasure and is in no way meant to insult Anyone. 

Thank you for readin :)

---------

Egypt, 2413 BC

Isali was admiring the crystal-white stars when it had happened. A star, only a small dot upon the darkness yet it was brightest and when it fell, when it passed-by all the others leaving in its wake a thick streak of silvers; Isali made one single wish.

That he would return. Even if he had vowed and whispered a sweet and truthful promise, Isali wished for her god to return to her. It had only been near a day since he had descended with her in his arms to the place beside the Nile. 

She remembered the Sun God's mouth on hers, his hot fingers rubbing over her breasts, and his cock drilling into her dripping womanhood. Remembered the love he poured into her in the end. And she wanted more. So much more.

She rubbed a breast through the material of her tunic, allowing the memory to float to the surface. So clearly, Isali could recall their unions, the second much slower and lovelier than the first. She could not decide which she enjoyed more: Hard and fast or slow and sensuous? Perhaps she needed to test the God a second—no third and fourth—time to be certain, she thought with a one-sided smirk.

By now her womanhood was slick with moisture and a subtle breeze on the winds brushed against her sex through the fabric, inciting a small moan to fall from her lips. She thought about relieving herself with her fingers but she had no desire to pleasure herself in such an open place. Although, to her knowledge, she is alone—her home is not as concealed from other's in the city as much as she liked. 

Yet, Isali could neither deny nor stop herself from desiring the carnal pleasures that came with the act. So she acted without care of who might be watching her, slithering a hand down her front. She'd just slipped her fingers through the opening of her tunic when something stopped her—

"Here, let me." Isali yelped in surprise; the hand was much hotter than her own, the wall of hard muscle against her back as familiar to her as the palm of her hand and when she settled into him, Ra dipped his fingers into the slit of her womanhood.

"Did you miss me?" He whispered, a hot caress against her ear. Isali nodded her head in answer and moved her hands to join his one on her breasts, tweaking her nipples while he rubbed at them roughly. His hot fingers, circling her sensitive nub of flesh moved with earnest. And Isali could feel herself nearing her peak.

She wanted to scream out as she'd done in the clouds, but knew the entire city would hear. Her breaths quickened, became harsher. His tongue licked at the pulse her neck while she bucked her hips against him. His cock pressed into her bottom and Isali rocked back to meet his hard movements. His breath ghosted over her chin, the hand on her breasts turned her face toward him and his lips met her open mouth in a kiss that was both passion and lust. Always lust.

Her knees felt weak from the ministrations of his fingers, and when Ra shoved two inside of her forcefully, stretching her even though she'd already had his cock in her only hours before, her womanhood clamped down on them tightly, trying to swallow them whole. Isali moaned, and Ra muffled it with his mouth. 

With stars behind her eyes, the Sun God removed his fingers from her womanhood and turned her to face him. Smiling at her, he took those fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean, tasting her. "I do believe I said I'd take you to touch the stars." He said, dropping to his knees before her. Before Isali realized what he was doing, Ra had cut away the straps of her gown so it dropped to her feet. He lifted her legs over his shoulders, holding her up with a hand on her bottom and the other on the small of her back and when he put his mouth on her—his eagle wings flared out and the loud scream that she could not contain, was lost to the midnight air.

This descent was fast, almost as fast at the tongue darting around and through her nether lips. Isali gripped at his hair lovingly, urging him further. With bleary eyes, she realized just how high he'd taken her. She could touch the stars, if she reached out for them—something she'd wanted to do since she was a child—but something she wanted more was the Sun God's tongue on her.

Ra, a hand on each cheek, gave her soaking wet womanhood a long slow lick, unable to suppress a smile as he heard her moan his name. Loudly. He let his tongue explore her, the soft folds of her womanhood he grazed and teased with his teeth. He found her clitoris with his tongue and the way she writhed, the hand in his hair only encouraged him more. Soon he was licking at her greedily, hungrily, replacing her sweet nectar with his own wetness. He plunge his tongue into her hole and pierced her with it as if it were his cock.

"Yes. Harder. Faster. Lick me faster. Ohhhh. Mmmmyyy. Gooooddd."

He wanted her pleasure to last, to be the best he'd given her yet, but his own selfish need made him obey and he moved his tongue in and out of her at a speed too quick for the mortal eye. She shuddered, her thighs clamping around his head, pulling him impossibly closer. And his tongue was flooded with a taste so sweet he almost released his seed right then.

As she recovered, Ra allowed her body to slither down his as he kissed his way up, stopping to pay great attention to her breasts. Each one could fit perfectly within his grasp but he kept one hand on her meaty bottom to keep her flush against him. His cock nestled in her wet folds and he only needed to thrust his hips upwards to impale her on his cock. 

And he did.

"Mmmmm."

He didn't know who made the sound, him or his little dove. He didn't care because her womanhood was massaging his cock so beautifully he couldn't even think clearly. He played with her protruding nipples, using his tongue to further her pleasure while he thrust his cock in and out of her. He used the hand on her breasts to tweak her nipple while he licked and sucked the other.

Her moaning his name and his guttural groans were the only sounds to fill the air around them. Alone, yet their coupling was witnessed by the eyes of a million stars. Then Ra remembered why he'd chosen Isali as his consort... He needed to tell her.

Without taking his cock of out her, Ra twisted Isali around, lifting a leg over his body, and down, until she was facing away from him, her soft back pressed hard to his front. He kept his hips moving, kept his cock thrusting in and out even as he allowed his wings to take them lower. Low enough to see the speckle of Amos's city she called her home.

"Little dove," he said breathlessly. She moaned, throwing an arm back to clutch at his neck. "I..." Thrust. "There's something I need to tell you." Grunt. "You won't like it." Thrust. "In fact I KNOW you won't like it." Grunt. "You might just die." Thrust.

Isali's free hand had moved to her mound, circling her nub roughly, desperately. "Oooohhmmm... Y-yes... What... What is it my love?" 

Almost there. Almost there. Daaaamnnn the Red Realm of the Underworld, but he was so close. One... Just... One... More... Thrust. Ali's scream echoed around them and her womanhood clamped down on his cock and drowned him in her warm release. He came then too, spewing his seed to mix with hers. He grunted and turned to her head to slam his mouth against hers, holding her as tightly to him as she could get. 

The kiss was wet and loving, very Isali. Her tongue met his in a battle for dominance. But Ra was so sated he let her win...this time. 

His cock softened–which was surprising yet not. Nonetheless he slipped from inside of her and gave her mouth one final kiss before he moved to her neck. Drawing blood with his teeth he sucked and licked and healed the bite without leaving a mark.

Isali sighed rubbing lovingly at the behind of his neck and nape as the other gripped at his arm around her waist. "What did you want to tell me?" She asked some time later.

"I'm dying." 

"W- What!?" She tried to turn in his arms.

Ra stopped her, held her so tightly he feared he'd crushed her completely. Yet he couldn't not. He adored her. This mortal. His Ali. The first and the last he will ever love. "I'm dying, Isali. However, I have a plan. But I need to kill your Pharaoh to achieve it."

------------

There is only one more part to Ra and Isali's story, I hope you all enjoy it as much as I liked writting it. xo - Jaysa