 As always:

Thanks to Boheminxen for editing.

Thanks to "Doc" for story consulting. 

Resurrection:

A young couple is running through the city of Boston in a torrential rain. Fear is coursing through them as they are followed by a middle-aged man. Periodically, the couple stops and the man tries to ward off their attacker while the woman stands back and clutches an infant wrapped in cloth, but soon they retreat again. They finally feel they lost the man tracking them and stand under an awning to shelter themselves from the rain. Without warning, the assailant comes through the awning and pierces the man in the chest. The woman flees. She runs, making as many turns as possible. Hearing the attacker in the distance, she places her infant on the steps of a Catholic orphanage and departs in a panic, hoping her foe did not see where she abandoned her child. A mile further, she was tracked down.

***

17 years later:

My attention was drawn from my studies by the sound of the other orphans playing outside in the cool spring air. The noise used to make me jealous but, alas, I've resigned myself to the fact I am never going to be able to play outside, let alone be adopted and have a 'normal' life in that world. I'm just too sickly. I simply get too fatigued and I lack the energy to be outside for more than fifteen minutes at a time, so I stay in my room. My physical limitations notwithstanding, no one would ever want me. I'm just too ugly to look at. My physical deformities are repulsive with my nose upturned and seemingly suppressed to my face, my eyes too small for my slightly larger head, and my ears, well let's just say they don't look right, not to mention my body is tall and gangly. I was probably abandoned due to some incestuous love affair. I feel more like Quasimodo stuck in Notre Dame's bell tower than a 17 year old teenager hoping to be adopted.

I have two saving graces to my name, the Holy Bible and Sister Mary Patrick. Other nuns shunned me, fearing I was some sort of demonic figure, but Sister Mary Patrick took me under her wing. She taught and guided me and showed me the solace that could be found in the Lord. She has been my nurturer, my disciplinarian, and my role model. 

"Drake? Drake, where did you just go? You zoned out for a minute there."

"Oh, sorry. Just thinking, that's all." My head was still facing the window.

"I'll take you outside if you'd like." The nun spoke in her usual wispy but caring voice.

"No thank you Sister Mary Patrick, but I appreciate the offer." I turned to face the elderly nun and offered a smile to conceal my moment of depression. "You can continue. I believe you left off at the Battle of Saratoga being the major turning point in the Revolutionary War."

"How about we take a break and eat lunch?" Sister Mary Patrick stood. "I'll be right back."

She didn't get far. As soon as she opened the door, two people were standing right outside my door in the hall. One was Mother Superior, a person who frankly didn't like that I was under her roof and the other was a woman of simple beauty. She had to be in her mid-twenties and she had shoulder length brown hair and matching brown eyes. Her slender form was a marvel to behold. Then the truly unexpected happened. She smiled at me. There was no fear of me. No look of disgust when she saw me. She didn't run in abject horror at my visage. She just gave a small smile to acknowledge my existence. And then my door shut. I shook my head and couldn't help the grin now adorning my face. If nothing else, I will cherish that moment for eternity.

Two hours later, Sister Mary Patrick returned with a duffle bag looking none too happy.

"What's wrong Mother?" I curiously asked.

The elder nun stopped dead in her tracks at my first use of the term 'Mother' in reference to her. To be honest, it was a Freudian slip and I don't know why I said it. But truth be told, for all intents and purposes, she is my Mother.

Sister Mary Patrick eyed me in shock before her ever-present soothing smile returned, but this time a single tear trickled down her cheek. "I'm going to miss you Drake. That young woman you saw a short while ago has adopted you. For the life of me, I don't know how she got it processed so quickly." And then under her breath I would've sworn I heard her admonish Mother Superior.

"Really?" I was floored. I didn't think adoption was in the realm of possibility for me.

"Yes." She came over and hugged me. "Promise me you'll be careful and remember all I've taught you. Keep your faith in the Lord and do what you can to follow in his footsteps. I love you."

Now I cried. "I love you too." Those words were a first for us too, but it made sense. "I'll visit when I can. I promise."

It's a funny thing being adopted. I am leaving the only woman who has ever cared for me in seventeen years with a woman I hope will do the same. In one regard, it's a great feeling to be wanted but in another, it's a sense yearning to be with my Mother. All these years, she didn't have to say it. Her actions more than proved it, but to hear her say those three words, "I love you" was a monumental experience.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Drake. I'm Bethany Howe. Let me carry that for you." The young woman took hold of my duffle bag. "I wouldn't want you to exude all your energy so quickly now. After all, we need to move you in." She gave me her smile again. It was a smile of knowing, of desire. No one has ever looked at me that way before.

We spent the half hour drive to her house in silence. I thought that was odd, having just been adopted by this person, but I realize this has to be new territory for her too. I know I'm nervous. The house was a small two story blue Victorian home.

"Your room is the first door on the right on the second floor. Why don't you get settled in why I make you something to eat?"

"Thank you." I went upstairs and set my duffle bag down on my new bed. "Nice." I said to no one.

The room had a closet, a big deal if you've never had one and was furnished with a dresser, a small television, a computer on a desk with a chair, and a king size bed. It's going to be nice to sleep without having my feet hang off the bed. With the smell of food wafting upstairs, I finished unpacking my clothes and headed to the kitchen. A plate of food and a red frothy drink were waiting for me on the table. Bethany laid her plate across from mine and had a glass of tea for herself. The hamburger meat was damn near raw, at least mine was. The food was good, but the drink, oh my, was absolutely fantastic. Within moments, I had a sudden burst of energy. A flood of strength filled me. I felt like I could take on the world.

"What's in this?" I asked in wonderment.

"It has a special ingredient, just for you." Bethany gave me that smile again. "It will build your strength."

"How do you know what I need?" I was completely surprised by this woman's admission. "I've seen a few doctors and they didn't have any idea what was wrong with me."

"That's easy. I'm a witch." Bethany said flatly.

I looked at her in awe for a moment and then started laughing. "You almost had me there." I wagged my finger at her. "Besides, I don't believe in witches."

Bethany's response was that smile again.

I let loose a small chuckle, still feeling like she was joking with me. "Okay, tell me this, why did you choose me to adopt?" I took another drink of my beverage. "With how close our ages are, we're more like siblings or a couple rather than a mother son relationship."

"You're right, I didn't want a son." Bethany stared intently at me, seemingly to gauge my reaction. "I wanted a companion."

"Excuse me?" I said as I choked on some of my food.

"Something told me that if I went into the orphanage, I would find what I was looking for." Bethany put her hand over mine. "And there you were and I knew my search was over."

I was speechless. It was touching, really, but I do hope she realizes that if she kisses me, I won't just magically turn into a prince. This isn't Beauty and the Beast.

"So, do you think we can give it a chance?" Bethany gave me that smile again.

I melt when I see that smile. "Of course. It would be my pleasure to be able to get to know you and see what we might become." I said sincerely. I still can't get over the fact she doesn't show any sign of disgust at my abhorrent appearance.

Within a week, I couldn't believe the changes in my body. Whatever ailment I had seemed to vanish as I drank that red frothy drink every day. My body is now maintaining a healthy weight, I have more energy than I know what to do with, and I'm as strong as an ox, I am absolutely stunned at how much I can lift. I decided to start an exercise regimen; push-ups, pull-ups, jumping jacks, and running (I always wanted to run). I do all my calisthenics with speed and precision. Bethany says I'm as swift as a cheetah. I say I'm just excited to feel a part of human civilization. One of my favorite past times is sneaking behind her and just tickling her. She always complains that it isn't fair that I don't make any noise when I walk. We end up wrestling and I always let her win to make it fair. I'm simply amazed at what I could do and it is all thanks to Bethany.

As days turned into weeks and weeks into months, Bethany and my relationship did blossom. We spent all our time together. I worked at her store, which coincidently sold all things Wiccan. We went on several weekend vacations, San Francisco, Des Moines, Miami, and Houston. We never went to any of the sights. We always traveled into the suburbs and found a good restaurant and some lodging before just driving around, seeing what there is to see. After being stuck in an orphanage for seventeen years, it was such a thrill for me to be able to see the world. By October, I can honestly say I am completely in love with Bethany.

"Your birthday is coming up, isn't it?" Bethany flashed me that smile.

"October 31st, every year." I responded disinterested.

"You don't like your birthday?" Bethany tilted her head. "It's an important sabbat for witches. It's when the physical and supernatural worlds are closest together."

"I understand it's important for you." I have since resigned myself that she believes she is a witch. "I just never had a reason to celebrate it. All the other kids at the orphanage were able to go out and I got to watch from a window."

"Ah, you poor thing." Bethany kissed me. "It's not about candy, but I'll buy you a bag if it will make you feel better. If not, I'm sure I can make it special for you."

That got my attention. To a male teenager, that can imply many things, but my mind is already hoping for one in particular. I tried to conceal the smile on my face. "Whatever you'd like, I don't care."

Halloween started with the smells of breakfast. I stealthily moved downstairs and wrapped Bethany in my arms, tickling her. I love doing that. We had a good breakfast and headed out just to walk around and enjoy each other and the fall air. We talked about the past year, what hopes we have for the upcoming year, and about her family. She even convinced me to get a tarot card reading (apparently, I'm going to be hero of sorts, doing great deeds against something that sucks the life out of members of society. Yeah, right). We made it back home early in the afternoon so she could prepare a special feast for dinner. I tried to help, but I think I was more in the way than anything else. She made an apple pork loin, corn, squash, sloes and hazelnuts, and for dessert a pumpkin pie. It was marvelous.

It was nearing sundown when she approached me with an empty glass.

"How was your 18th birthday?" Bethany had that smile again.

"It was the best birthday I ever had." I said honestly.

"I'm going to make it better." Bethany sunk to her knees and unzipped my pants.

I watched in anticipation as Bethany's head lowered to my cock for my first intimacy with a woman. As she got close, her tongue snaked out and grazed the mushroom tip. I did my best to calm myself as I'm already on the verge blowing my load. She licked all over, her saliva leaking from her mouth and on my shaft. After a few moments, she glanced up and smiled. She dove down my pole with devotion. There was no subtlety in her actions. She wanted my release and she wanted it now. I was in ecstasy as she bobbed with a tight suction. I tried to make it last, but resistance was futile. I exploded in Bethany's mouth and she held it all. Her cheeks looked like a puffer fish. I was finally done when she spit my seed in the empty glass. The experience lasted only minutes, but the memory will last a lifetime.

Bethany appeared nervous when she looked up at me. "Can you do me five favors?"

"Just five?" I chuckled. It seemed odd to put a number in that sentence. "I owe you so much, you could ask for a hundred and I wouldn't have a problem with it."

"Come with me." Bethany stood up with a bounce, glass in hand, and enthusiastically went to the basement. As she departed, I noticed a beautiful sunset through the window.

I tried to follow her speed, and I normally could easily beat her to the destination, but I struggled pulling my pants up and walking at the same time. I reached the bottom step and saw Bethany sitting on the floor with her legs under her and her palms up. She was sitting in front of an alter adorned with a skull, a pumpkin, acorns, and black and orange candles. Lying directly in front of her was a candle that appeared to have some sort of oil on it that was mixed with the contents that was in the glass. I walked over to her. "What's all this for?"

Bethany shook slightly and snickered. "You really need to make some noise when you walk and all this is for a spell I'm going to cast. Your virgin seed, which is at its best when it is ripened eighteen years, is necessary to increase the effectiveness." She looked up at me. "Please, sit down, but be quiet. Spells require the utmost concentration and should never be taken lightly."

I did as instructed and watched with curiousness at my love.

Bethany took a deep breath, lit the candle in front of her, and focused on it. For the first time, I noticed my name inscribed in the wax. She began chanting. "Powers that be, powers of three, let Drake be all I see. Powers that be, powers of three, let Drake be all I see." She repeated herself as the candle burned away.

I have to admit, I didn't have any fear whatsoever. I was fascinated by what Bethany was doing. Eventually, the candle burned down and she looked at me.

"That was impressive." I nodded my head.

"That was a spell to increase your powers." Bethany said candidly. "Are you ready to use them?"

"What powers are you talking about?" I was clueless.

"I know what you are and it's time you do too." Bethany gazed at me. "I come from a long line of powerful witches. When I was nine, I did a spell for your father to ensure the woman he loved survived birth. Shortly thereafter, he and your mother were hunted down. It took me 17 years to find you and now I ask of you five favors your father was going to grant me."

"I said I would." I shook my head. "But you still didn't tell me what powers I have?"

With that knowing smile Bethany has, she touched my hand.

This seems so surreal. I am back at the orphanage and look exactly as I did when I was there, but I feel as if I have all my strength. I remember what it is I'm supposed to accomplish. Intriguing indeed. Sitting in front of me is Sister Mary Patrick, going over today's lesson. I can hear the children outside discussing how much candy they are going to get.

"Drake? Drake, where did you just go? You zoned out for a minute there."

"Oh, sorry. Just thinking, that's all." My head was still facing the window.

"I'll take you outside if you'd like, after all it is your birthday." The nun spoke in her usual wispy but caring voice.

"No thank you Sister Mary Patrick, but I appreciate the offer." I turned to face the elderly nun and offered a smile to conceal my moment of clarity. "You can continue. I believe you left off at the affect Louis Pasteur's germ theory of fermentation had on the world."

"How about we take a break and eat lunch?" Sister Mary Patrick stood. "I'll be right back."

She didn't get far. As soon as she opened the door, two people were standing right outside my door in the hall. One was Mother Superior and the other was a man. He had to be in his fifties and had a horrible comb over. His overweight form was a marvel to behold. And then the door shut.

Two hours later, Sister Mary Patrick returned with a duffle bag looking none too happy.

"What's wrong Mother?" I curiously asked, though already knowing the answer.

The elder nun stopped dead in her tracks at my first use of the term "Mother" in reference to her. Sister Mary Patrick eyed me in shock before her ever present soothing smile returned, but this time a single tear trickled down her cheek. "I'm going to miss you Drake. That older man that you saw a short while ago has adopted you. His name is Frank Williams. For the life of me, I don't know how he got it processed so quickly." And then under her breath I would've sworn I heard her admonish Mother Superior. She came over and hugged me. "Promise me you'll be careful and remember all I've taught you. Keep your faith in the Lord and do what you can to follow in his footsteps. I love you and happy birthday."

"I love you too." Those words were a first for us too, again.

With the time change, the flight to San Francisco only took three and a half hours. We drove in silence to his suburb home.

"I don't know why I flew to Boston to adopt you." Frank shook his head. "And quite honestly, I'm nervous about it."

"It's okay, I won't be staying long." I went to his back door, opened it, and led Bethany to Frank. There was a beautiful sunset in the sky.

"Who's this and what is she doing in my house!" Frank admonished.

I grabbed him easily and held him. 

Bethany gave him her speech. His eyes got wide in disbelief. At her conclusion, I disposed of Frank while Bethany kneeled and looked up. "Four left Elizabeth." She said solemnly.

It's not like the movies. I didn't do it with a maniacal laugh or do it to show a declaration of power. I simply gave a twist to his neck and carried him to his bed while offering a prayer for him to rest in peace. Afterward, Bethany embraced me. "Thank you." She whispered and began to relinquish me of my clothes.

I reciprocated her act and soon we were both nude. "Before we start, there is something I want to do."

"What's that?" Bethany asked quizzically.

I kneelt down in front of Bethany and hesitantly stuck my tongue out.

"Oh." Bethany squealed with a hint of shock. "Okay, but we can't take too much time with this. We have a deadline to meet."

I was tentative at first but Bethany didn't seem to mind. She let me explore and I used her reactions to guide me. If she gasped or moaned, I made sure to do that movement again, if not, I didn't bother. Then I found something. It was a little ball near the top and when I licked it, she shivered. I began to concentrate on that. I caressed, I nibbled, and when I sucked, she screamed and had to lean up against the wall to keep from falling down. Juices flowed and I did my best to lap it up. It was delicious.

"Enough of that." Bethany panted. "I need you now." Bethany pushed me to the floor and hovered above me for a moment. "You surprised me Drake." She impaled herself on me. "And that is a good thing." She lifted herself up and dropped again. Her hands went to my chest, caressing the muscles underneath them. 

I followed her lead. I started by putting hands on her hips. Slowly, I went up her soft body, in total awe of her smoothness. Her speed quickened. I started pushing upward and we began to have a rhythm. The feeling was phenomenal. The velvety texture was wrapped tight around my spear as she repeatedly plunged down. Her breasts were small, firm orbs with her nipples pointing towards me, beckoning me from their perch. I couldn't take it anymore and I lifted my torso to mash into hers. My tongue darted out to one of those hard nubs while my hand massaged her other breast. Her bouncing turned into a grind, determined to keep us connected.
