 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

I woke up Friday morning with Brandi cuddling next to me and Mary Jo nowhere to be found.

Brandi kissed my ear and whispered, "Mary Jo wants to have tomorrow with you all alone. I asked her last night if you and I can have today. That is if you want me." Things were strange between us. She was sort of my step sister. There was nothing official about it though. She had raped me, then I ended warping time to rape her. 

Her hand moved into my pajamas and started to play with my limp penis. She rolled it between her fingers then wove it between them. I could feel myself getting hard. 

"Tell me to stop and I will. I want you, but I want you to want me."

My cock grew and twitched. It was forcing her fingers apart. She then fished it out of the fly and and started to stroke it.

"Fuck me and I will make sure you get to fuck Mary Jo. Leave me hanging and I will make sure you two are never alone."

She straddled me and I could feel that she had no panties on under her nightgown. She rubbed my cock head against her bare pussy. "Say yes, and then take me again tonight and she is yours tomorrow."

I bit my lip. I felt her pussy lips kiss the tip of my cock and start to suck it in. "Yes." I moaned.

She sighed as she sunk down on top of me. She rested her hands on my chest and started to slowly rock. Her pussy was warm and soft. I wanted to moan as I felt her vagina embracing me. I knew I had to be quiet. It was so warm and wet, and felt incredible as it slid over my dick.

She looked me in the eyes and took my hands. She placed them on her thighs and then slid them up under her nightgown. My hands ran up her sides and then over her ribs. She pressed them up against her breasts. I felt their warm softness. I squeezed them gently and she purred.

She raised and lowered herself on me with wet sucking sounds. I could tell how into it she was as our crotches were soaked. She whispered, "Love me Simon, love me. Simon, I want to be yours."

I didn't know what to say. Her hands covered mine and squeezed hard on her large breasts. "Love me Simon." She was rocking faster, bouncing on me victoriously. Her dirty blonde hair whipped back and forth. "Love me. Use me. Fuck me. Simon, I love you."

She started to speed up and I was getting into it. I was getting close to coming. I didn't want to. Not yet though. If I came to quickly and she didn't I might not get my time with Mary Jo. She was bigger than I was and I don't think I could have controlled her motions even if I tried. I wanted her to set the pace though so she would get off and then get off of me.

I subtly altered the flow of time so it felt like she was moving slower. Her wild fucking became a slow love making with her hair floating around her head and the slurp slurp sounds her cunt was making on my cock were almost comical when slowed down.

I felt her pussy clamp down on me. I knew that she was done, satisfied for now, but she kept bouncing. "Love me Simon, fill me." I didn't know what to. Artificially slowed down I was now longer close to coming. I scrunched my face and grunted. I flexed my pelvic muscles. Hopefully it was a sufficiently faked orgasm. I'd read about women doing it. Maybe she was wet enough that she wouldn't notice I didn't cum.

I sighed and she let my hands go and rolled off. That was when I saw the front of my pajamas were soaked. "I need to clean up." I said and turned away from Brandi hiding my boner. I dashed off to the bathroom and quickly stripped hoping no one would see the giant wet spot.

In the bathroom I quickly stripped and started the shower up. I didn't wait for it to get warm before I climbed in. I wanted to get the smell of sex off of me and I hoped the cold water would help my boner go down.

As I cleaned myself, I heard the door open. I wondered if I had left it unlocked in my haste to get clean or if I had done it intentionally. I heard the lid of the toilet lift and the sound of a woman peeing. I kept washing myself. 

The curtain opened and Mary Jo looked in at me. I didn't know what to say. I hoped I had cleaned Brandi off of me. Mary Jo looked at me and smiled. "I guess this was a chance to see you naked."

I don't know if I had left the door unlocked intentionally, but I knew she had to be in there intentionally since there was a bathroom closer to the dining room. Mary Jo looked down at my crotch and I moved my hands away. She stared at my bare almost hairless body. I didn't know what to say. I was a few days older than her, but I was scrawny and underdeveloped. It was a combination of spending half my life with my clock moving slower than everyone else, along with poverty and and neglect at the hands of my brother and his girlfriend. I could have passed for 12 if I really tried, but I was a man with some man sized problems. I was a legal adult and legally homeless. I had been raped by Brandi and then arrested for raping her. I had the clothes on my back and the kindness of Mary Jo and her family.

Mary Jo smiled and said, "Brandi says that we can be together tomorrow" as she closed the curtain.

I honestly can't remember what happened after that, at least not until the bus ride to school. I was so stuck on the thought that Mary Jo had seen me naked and had wanted to see me naked. There was some sort of discussion about plans for tomorrow and I had said something about wanted to do a quick shopping trip. I remember Mary Jo saying I didn't have to get her anything. 

The reason I remember the bus ride and what occurred afterwards is because of what happened on the bus ride. The road was icy. It had snowed and melted and snowed and melted. The plows kinda kept up but not entirely. It was a bad scene. At one point of the bus route we head down a hill. I felt the bus start to fishtail and I heard people scream. I knew that we would be safe on the bus but the old panic started to rise up in me. They say that time slows down under stress and for me it literally did. Reality came to a jarring halt and saw the situation.

First the bus was obviously sliding out of control. It was starting to fishtail. Ahead was the terrible bit. There was a car stuck at the bottom of the hill. It had slid into a snowbank and wasn't moving. A mother was loading a small child into the back. I wasn't sure how this was all going to work but i knew I had to try something. 

I got up around Mary Jo and made my way carefully to the front of the bus. I tried working the doors but there was a pneumatic switch that didn't seem to operate with time stopped. I went to the back of the bus and opened the emergency exit. I hopped out and slipped on the ice, almost under the bus.

"Shit" I was wet and covered in slush. I knew I would have no explanation. Oh well. No good deed... I brushed myself off and started to walk down hill. I looked at the woman loading her children. I tried to pick her up but she was too heavy. If time were moving slowly I could do it easily. With time stopped I was sadly at normal strength. I knew if I did it with time running then I would be seen and everything would come crashing down.

I looked at her. "I'm sorry" and pushed her over. I tried to slow her fall but I knew she still hit hard. Once she was over on the ground I could drag her a bit in the snow. I got her as far behind the car and up into the snowbank as I could. I went back to the car and saw two children in the back seat. They looked to be about 3 and 5 and were light enough that I could pick them up and carry. They got place in the snow well out of the way. 

I stopped to catch my breath. It had been a workout. I looked to make sure that I hadn't forgotten anyone and then I made my way back up to the bus. As I climbed back into the bus and shut the door, I realized that I had never stopped time for this long before. I took my seat next to Mary Jo and let time flow again. As time started up I was slammed hard into the back of the seat. Mary Jo looked and me and saw me slushy and sweating from the exertion.

The woman who was loading the kids into the looked around confused and rubbed her side. The bus tires were squealing and she looked up. She started to run back to the car for her kids. She was halfway there when she heard them scream, turned and slid on the ice. The bus was 10 feet from her at that point and there was no stopping it.

I stopped time again. It was tired and it was surprisingly difficult. I quickly hopped out the back and ran and slid down the hill. I was getting really tired. I grabbed the woman's arms and started to pull her back away from the car. I had her just about out of the way when my footing slipped and I fell again. I was soaking wet and feeling incredibly cold and tired. My light jacket wasn't enough.

I finally got her clear and slid back into the seat next to Mary Jo. This time I eased time into movement and didn't feel the sudden jerk but from Mary Jo's reaction I must have slammed the seat again. The bus continued its harrowing slide. As it impacted the empty car there was a sickening crunch. 

Mary Jo looked over at me slightly confused. "Are you okay? It seemed like you jumped a couple of times there." 

I just nodded shivering. "Bad memories" I said hoping that would be a sufficient cover story. 

The driver had us all get out of the bus and stand on the sidewalk. He deemed the damage bus unsafe. Mary Jo stood behind me and opened her coat and wrapped it around the two of us. I felt her large breasts pushing against the back of my shoulders. She whispered in my ear, "Why are you wet?"

"I fell"

"I didn't see you fall."

I decided to just stay quiet. It was wonderful feeling Mary Jo's body against mine. I thought about how nice it felt when she was sleeping against me. I leaned back and she pull the coat tighter. I loved the feeling of her breasts pressing against my shoulders and her breath on the back of my head.

We stood there waiting as our classmates talked. It was like we were in a private bubble just the two of us. Our own private world inside of Mary Jo's winter coat. I could feel her heart beating as she slowly breathed in and out. I could feel her breath on the back of my head. I felt so close to her and safe. As I was warming up and thinking of her breasts next to me I started to get an erection. I hope she didn't notice, well, maybe I hoped she did.

Eventually a replacement bus came to take us to school. Because of the accident we missed first period and were handed hall passes. I held Mary Jo's hand and then gave her a kiss on the lips. She tasted like cherries. 

I was feeling so horny that I couldn't think. Missing gym class meant missing an easy opportunity to get some release. It was then that I thought of the school nurse. I stepped into the bathroom and then stopped time and walked to the nurses office.

Ms McAdams was sitting behind her desk wearing the same style of turtleneck that she always did. Today it was a coarse blue knit that she matched with a long beige skirt. What surprised me was that Mary Jo was standing in front of her. I wasn't quite sure how to react. The source of my erection was standing there in front of the intended resolution of it.

I lifted Miss McAdams sweater and saw that yes, the rumors were true. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were larger than I had imagined. Instead of being the size of oranges as I had imagined they were largish grapefruits. The skin was also very pale. The areola and the nipples blended right in. They were were almost indistinguishable from the rest of her breast. I bent down and kissed them. They felt so wonderful in my mouth. I knew I could suck on them forever. It was weird sucking on them while knowing at Mary Jo standing there there. I wanted to have both miss McAdams and Mary Jo.

I slid Miss McAdams chair back and revealed her long heavy skirt. I wondered just what sort of panties she wore underneath, was it a thong, or perhaps demure boy shorts? I slowly eased the skirt up her thin pale legs. I slid my hands along her calves and then up to her thighs. When I reached the top of her thighs I lifted the skirt and saw her bare pussy. Not only was she not wearing a bra, she wasn't wearing panties.

I slid my finger between her lower lips and gently rubbed. I leaned forward and nibbled on her ear. I whispered in her ear, "I want you, if you weren't sitting down, I'd fuck you here." I undid my pants and pulled out my cock and started to stroke it while pointing it at her pussy.

Ms McAdams hand had been reaching into a drawer when I pushed her back. I took her hand in mine and was about to wrap it around my cock when I saw something inside of it. She had a condom. Mary Jo was here to get a condom for tomorrow. She wanted to actually make love to me and not just fool around. The thought almost made me cum right there. I decided that I wanted to save that cum for filling the condom.

I did my best to rearrange Ms McAdams and walked out. I sat down on the floor outside of the nurses office. I was so tired. It made me wonder what would happen if I slept with time actually stopped. Would it start when I slept? I wasn't sure in the middle of the day at school was the right time to test it. I sighed and headed for someplace inconspicuous to restart time.

The day took forever to pass. Even speeding up time as fast as I could and still understand class, the day didn't seem to pass fast enough. I was hard as a rock throughout class. I kept thinking of Mary Jo and that condom. The bus ride home was magical. We sat together, the late winter sun glistened golden on the fresh snow. I held her soft hand in mine and thought about what would happen tonight. I leaned into her and languished in her warmth. The smell of her hair drove me insane and I kept wondering if I was actually smelling a hint of her pussy.

The rest of the day was a blur until it came time to go to bed. Mary Jo, Brandi and I went up together. There was a strange awkwardness in the air. Mary Jo started to say something and then stopped. She looked at Brandi. Brandi nodded and went into the bedroom.

Mary Jo placed her hands on the side of my face and pulled me towards her. She bent her head down and kissed me deeply. I closed my eyes and kissed her back.

"Until tomorrow." She said pulling away.

"I know it's not midnight yet, but happy birthday."

She smiled. "I hope it will be." She reached down and took my hand and then squeezed it. Our fingers trailed apart as she walked away. I opened the door to the bedroom and walked in.

Brandi was sitting on the bed. She was wearing one of Mrs Kopernick's dresses, just the sort of thing that you would expect from the wife of a pastor. Brandi had her hands folded in her lap. "We need to talk."

I looked at her and held my breath.

"I know you didn't cum this morning. I went to clean myself and it was only me. Were you saving it for her?"

I nodded.

She looked at me and screwed up her face. "I understand. I don't need you to cum for me, but I need to feel you inside of me. It just feels so right. I miss you when you aren't in me."

She walked towards me and lifted my shirt off over my head and bent forward and started to kiss my almost hairless chest. I reached forward and unbuttoned her dress and pushed it off of her shoulders. It fell to the ground and she undid my trousers and pushed them down. Then she reached behind herself and undid her bra, freeing her large breasts. Her nipples hardened immediately and her dark areola crinkled up as well.

She turned her back to me, "Can you do me a favor? Scratch where my bra was?"

There were red lines across her back and shoulders where the bra had been cutting in. I gently scratched and she started to purr. She leaned back, her dirty blonde hair falling in my face.

I turned off the lights and the two of us crawled into bed. She pulled my underwear down and hers as well and then she leaned forward.

"Simon. I want to try something. It's a bit nasty though. I will get me more time with you inside me, and remove some of the temptation for me to ride you until you cum."

Brandi reached over to the nightstand and grabbed a bottle of hand lotion. She pumped a couple of squirts on her hands and started to warm them up. Then she reached between my legs and started massaging my dick, making sure it was hard and well lubricated. She took another pump and rolled away from me. 

I wasn't sure what she was doing when she grabbed my dick between her legs. I felt it slide into her, but it was different somehow. It was tighter around the base and looser at the tip. I realized my dick must be buried in her asshole. We were having anal sex. She pushed herself all the way down on my cock, the lotion allowing it to slide right in.

She leaned back against me and my face was buried in her hair. We were touching our entire lengths. The tops of my feet against her heels, my face against her neck and my cock buried in her ass. I wrapped an arm around her and cupped a breast. 

I felt her arm moving and knew she was rubbing her clit. "Stay with me Simon. Stay in me."

I could feel her pulse on my dick. It was gently tugging as she rubbed. She shuddered and started gasping. We lay joined until them morning.