 Thank you for the encouragement and a special thanks to my editors who wish to remain unnamed. 

*****

Mary Jo and I walked hand in hand from the bus stop. It was a cold winter day and the sky was overcast. It smelled like snow. When I was still living with my brother, I knew it would mean a lot of shoveling and a lot of cold nights as the only room in the house that was heated was the one my brother shared with his girlfriend.

I had been speeding time up for me a bit. I really want to enjoy this. It was nice to be slowly walking home. Mary Jo was everything I wanted in a woman. She was tall, with long brown hair and stunning blue eyes. She was also kind and compassionate. She felt responsible for me being slow. For the past decade I had been trapped, moving through time at a different rate than everyone else. I was in slow motion. Everyone assumed that I was brain damaged from the car accident that killed my parents. My brother had kicked me out the house on my 18th birthday.

For the past few days I had been living with Mary Jo and her parents. We were almost at the steps of her house when we saw Brandi standing there. Brandi was the daughter of my brothers girlfriend. She was wearing a shabby faux fur coat over threadbare yoga pants.

Mary Jo stepped between us. "Get away from Simon. I won't let you hurt him." It might seem strange that one girl was trying to protect me from another, but thing was that I was small for my age. At eighteen I hadn't hit my growth spurt yet. I wasn't even as tall as Brandi and Mary Jo.

"I'm here to apologize."

Mary Jo tilted her head and raised an eyebrow.

"Tiffani told me that you wanted to but wouldn't admit it. I was drunk and I thought that you would like it."

"What part of 'No' or 'Stop' didn't you understand!" Mary Jo interjected.

Brandi looked ready to start a fight.

"Mary Jo. She may be trying to repent. You have to give her the benefit of the doubt. It's it's the Christian thing to do."

Mary Jo scowled at me. She knew I was right though. She knew that a lack of forgiveness was that one thing that her father the pastor would never tolerate. She could be a pregnant lesbian stripper but as long as she was willing to forgive her father would accept her.

"Okay." She sighed, "We'll hear you out."

"Simon, I really didn't mean to hurt you, or get you in trouble. I love you like a brother."

I looked at her. "I don't know, do you really mean it?"

"I kinda have to mean it. Kevin and Tiffani kicked me out."

I understood how she felt. I had been there. Houseless and alone.

Mary Jo's eyes dropped. She was still fuming, but her ingrained training for charity kicked in. "Come on. You can at least have dinner at my house." Mary Jo was gritting her teeth as we continued our walk. 

We were greeted at the door by Mrs Kopernick, Mary Jo's mom. She let Mary Jo and me in, but she moved to stop Brandi. "You've caused enough trouble. Go away."

Mary Jo didn't say anything. Brandi turned and I said, "She's been kicked out." 

Mrs. Kopernick scowled and cleared the way. "Come in then. More water to the soup."

Mary Jo and I took off our coats. When Brandi took off hers, I saw she was wearing a spaghetti strap top with her bra straps showing. Totally inappropriate for the weather. I knew it was the type of thing she often slept in, I wondered if she had had any time to pack.

Mary Jo and I went upstairs to work on our homework and Brandi sat down in front of the television and stared at the blank screen afraid to turn it on. Mrs Kopernick walked off to the kitchen.

I was having a hard time concentrating on the homework. I was thinking of Mary Jo. I wondered if I would get a chance to fuck her. I knew I could take her any time I wanted but I didn't want her that way. 

I thought of Brandi. I knew that I could rape her like she raped me and no one would blame me. She probably wouldn't mind. I could even do it without her even knowing that I had done it. If I were moving through time faster than her I could even do it while she watched helpless. Even if she were stronger I could easily overpower her. I kinda liked the idea of turning the tables on her. I wasn't sure what the best way to do it was though. Between thoughts of revenge and doing my homework time flew by. Every time I looked up I saw Mary Jo looking at me.

I wondered what it would be like to fuck her. Well, not to just fuck her but to make love to her. I wondered how she would moan with her breasts in my mouth. I wondered about her sighs as my penis opened her. 

My thoughts were interrupted when Mrs Kopernick came upstairs and told us that dinner was ready. As she had promised, it was soup and a bit watered down. I didn't think that she had planned to make soup but had done it to make a point. 

Brandi ate the soup with gusto and sopped up the dregs with bread and asked for seconds. She obviously hadn't eaten in a while. She was fixated on getting as much as she could into her mouth. Pastor Kopernick kept trying to talk to her but she was so busy eating.

I realized then what I should do to start getting back at her. She was starting to bring a spoonful of the chicken soup to her mouth when I stopped time. I dropped my pants and headed around the table. I wasn't aroused at that point so I lift Brandi's shirt revealing a ratty stained bra. I lifted the bra up and then started to lick her breasts. They were a delightful C cup with pale nipples. They were so nice and soft in my hands and on my tongue. I could feel my cock rising.

I was looking at her tits remembering the night we fucked and how wonderful her pussy felt around my cock. I started to jerk off. Just before I came I pointed my cock towards her mouth and I felt my jizz shoot out. I smiled as I painted the back of her throat. Three jets shot out. As I finished, I milked the last few drops onto the spoon of soup she was about to eat.

"Take that bitch." I said. For good measure I gave her clothed crotch a good rub and then sat down and restarted time. Mary Jo turned and looked at me funny. I hoped I was in the right position.

Brandi coughed a bit and then took the spoon with my cum and the soup into her mouth. She swallowed it then had a confused look on her face. 

"Is there anything wrong?" I asked with a blank expression.

"No, the soup is delicious. So flavorful and familiar." She said smiling at Mrs. Kopernick.

Mary Jo looked at me confused. I rested my hand on her thigh and took another spoonful of soup. I sipped it and watched Brandi start to squirm. I could see her trying not to touch her breasts as her nipples hardened. "Excuse me." She said as she dashed off to the bathroom. We heard moaning coming from the bathroom. Pastor and Mrs Kopernick looked at each other. He raised an eyebrow and she blushed. She then licked her spoon and it was his turn to blush.

Mary Jo didn't seem to notice anything. She was too keen listening to the sounds coming from Brandi.

"Simon, why don't you go check on your sister and see if she is okay." Mrs Kopernick suggested.

I started to protest that she wasn't my sister, step sister or anything really, it was just that she and her mother were screwing my brother. I decided not to argue but walked to the bathroom.

Brandi had been in such a hurry that she didn't close the door completely. I looked in and saw her sitting on the toilet. He leggings and thong were down at her ankles and she was leaning back. Her eyes were closed as she was rubbing her clit and pinching her nipples. "Fuck me Simon. Fuck me hard." she muttered.

"If she wants it she'll get it." I thought.

I closed the door and stopped time. I took a deep breath, this will require planning and care. I looked to make sure no one was close and then stripped. I opened the bathroom door and saw Brandi with her mouth opened reaching for the closed door. I sucked some on her tits. I smiled as I hefted their natural weight. I pinched both nipples and stretched them out. They remained comically distended. They had stayed were I left them. I smiled, I am not sure if it would ever get old.

I slid my dick into her and started pumping away. Her pussy wasn't as tight with the stopped time.

I started time up and gave a deep thrust in. Brandi's eyes went wide as her tits snapped and jiggled back into place and bounced. She looked in my eyes then down at our joined genitals. I stopped time again. I left the bathroom and closed the door. 

"She's okay." I called out and stopped time again.

I opened the door and slid my dick back into her. I started fucking her hard until I was about to cum and then I started time again. She looked at me in shock as I blew my load deep into her. Her hands grabbed my ass and pulled me in as I started to cum. I knew I had only a second, maybe two to get back into position before anyone noticed. I doubted I would have had that if I didn't have a reputation for being slow. I stopped time again.

I went into the hallway and closed the bathroom door. I looked around to make sure no one had come. I put on my clothes and restarted time.

"She's okay. Just some cramps. She said that she would be okay." 

"Ohhhh." I heard the moan come from the bathroom. I smiled. I figured she would be feeling me fucking her for at least five minutes.

I walked back to the dining room. Pastor Kopernick said, "We're going to let Brandi stay here tonight. I know you and my daughter have been sharing a bed and that nothing has happened. With your legal problems, you can't afford to have even the hint of scandal."

"Fuck!! That is good!" came a scream from the bathroom. Everyone turned to look and I decided to stop time. I got up from the table and gave Mary Jo a kiss on the lips. I realized it was the first time I had actually kissed her. I ran to the bathroom. I stripped down and opened the door.

Brandi was still on the toilet. She had three fingers buried in her twat. I knew that everyone would be turning back around quickly in the dining room so what ever I did to screw with Brandi had to be quick. Her eyes were shut and I pulled them open. I sucked on her breast. I loved the way her hard nipple felt in my mouth. I decided that I would kiss her. I separated her lips and opened her jaw. I drove my tongue into her oddly lifeless mouth and took her face in both of my hands. I started time for an instant and then stopped it.

In that heartbeat, I saw her staring into my eyes and watched them soften into love. I felt the heat of her mouth and the softness of her lips as she came alive. I wanted to continue. It was so much better than the plastic feeling her her being stuck in time. I could smell her excitement. Her mouth had the coppery taste of adrenaline and an odd taste that I assume was my cum from earlier. I stopped time and backed away. Her hand had started to move to embrace me, her tongue was had started to move to embrace mine.

I held her close and explored here mouth with my tongue. It was inert and lifeless. The smell and the taste had gone. I held her body close to mine and squeezed her ass. It was like making out with a mannequin. After a minute I decided to let her go. 

I got dressed and headed back into position. No one had turned enough to look at me. I gave Mary Jo another kiss and started time up.

The pastor continued. "That is why I am going to ask you to stay in the guest room tonight and for Mary Jo to remain in hers. Brandi can sleep on the sofa."

Mary Jo licked her her lips and then smiled at me. "I'll miss you tonight. I wouldn't have believed it but I sleep so much better with you near."

Brandi screamed out again in pleasure and then it trailed off. This time I was actually worried about her. I got up from the table and knocked on the bathroom door. When there was no answer, I opened it up and saw her passed on the toilet with a huge grin on her face. She was naked from the waist down. I tried to get her dressed again but I wasn't strong enough to move her limbs around. I sped my self up in time and suddenly she was lighter and I could move her with ease.

I knew I had to be careful not to hurt her. I managed to get her wrangled back into her pants and called for Mary Jo's dad. The two of us helped her to the couch. All the while she was murmuring, "I love you Simon." Mary Jo was fuming at her.

Mrs. Kopernick covered her with a quilt and Mary Jo and I went upstairs. The two of us sat lay in her bed, each reading a book. I was enthralled with the scent of her hair and the way her hips and shoulders felt next to mine. 

I was still moving through time faster than people normally do. It looked like I was flipping through a book like I wasn't reading it, but it was just a combination of the speed reading techniques I learned when everyone thought that I was retarded and running at a faster than normal speed.

Mary Jo turned to me and asked, "So you can't concentrate either?"

"I don't know." 

"I will really miss sleeping next to you. These past few days have been eye opening. I need love and physical affection."

She paused then asked, "She was playing with herself, wasn't she?"

"Yeah." I said quietly, nodding.

"Is sex really that great? That you just pass out and collapse."

"It can be." I said.

"I want that. I want you to be my first. My birthday is coming up in a few days. I know I convince my mother. May father might be different."

"I would love to be your first. You don't mind that I have experience?"

"Well a little bit, but with how attached Brandi seems to be to you, I'm sure it would be worth sharing."

I took a hold of her hand and she squeezed mine. I stared up at the ceiling and wondered just what I needed to do to get into Mary Jo's pants. Pastor Kopernick came in and told me to head off the the guest room. As I got up I gave Mary Jo a long kiss on the lips. Her dad had a fixed hard look on his face. 

I walked to the guest room and I had a thought. Maybe if I could convince her father that having sex was a good thing to do then maybe he would allow it.

I stopped time and gently rubbed the pastor's crotch, hoping it would get him aroused. Then to move off for the second part of the plan. I moved into the master bedroom and found Mrs Kopernick. She was lying in bed wearing a flannel nightgown.

I had never really considered her as a sexual being before. She was the pastor's wife, Sunday school teacher, always prim and beyond reproach. Now I saw her as a 40 year old version of my fantasy girl Mary Jo. She had the same large breasts as her daughter. I unbuttoned the front of her nightgown and took them out. They were large and soft with dark nipples. 

I couldn't help myself. I started to suck on them. They felt so good in my mouth. I wish they were able to respond to it. I imagined Mary Jo's breasts being the same. I covered her back up but left the nightgown unbuttoned. I then slid the back of her nightgown up. I thought about taking her panties off but I wondered if she would notice them missing and wonder how it happened.

I decided to just give her pussy a nice rub and hope for the best. I left the back of her nightgown up but covered her with the blanket. Back in the hallway I grabbed Pastor Kopernick's crotch. It felt weird to grab another guy but I figured if him getting lucky was my best chance of getting lucky.

"I hope you get lucky tonight." I told the frozen man.

I got into bed and started time back up. I listened carefully to the footsteps as Pastor Kopernick walked to the bedroom. I heard some soft moaning. I wasn't sure what was going on. I stopped time again and snuck into the master bedroom. I chuckled to myself that I was tiptoeing even though no one could possibly hear me. Inside the bedroom I saw the two of them spooned together. 

I decided to throw caution to the wind. I lifted up the sheets and took off Pastor and Mrs Kopernick's underwear. Both of them were naked from the waist down. I could see that he had a little bit of a boner going. I gritted my teeth and gave him a couple of strokes. I then took off her panties and noticed that they were damp. I slid a finger into her pussy. It was like a swamp. I knew she would be getting off. Hopefully he would too.

I held their underwear in my hand and wondered what to do with it. At first I threw it on the floor. Then I thought a bit and hung it from the ceiling fan. I knew if Mary Jo saw it that they would have trouble explaining it. A smile crept across my face..

I covered them back up with the sheet hoping it would help hide the fact that they had been manipulated and make each think the other responsible.

I lay in bed and took a couple of deep breaths and said a prayer that my plan would work and then let my plan take effect. 

Soon I heard a soft creaking sound coming down the hall, accompanied by soft sighing. The creaking speed up and grew louder. It reached a soft crescendo and then there was a stifled moan. 

I smiled. After a week of that I could be fucking Mary Jo on the kitchen table and no one would care. I smiled and started to drift off to sleep when I heard my door open. I looked and saw a figure in a nightgown in the doorway. She walked in and around to the far side of the bed away from the door. She lifted the blankets and climbed in next to me. I knew it was Mary Jo by her smell and the feeling of her breasts against my back.

"They never do that in the middle of the week. Only Saturday nights and only very late." She cuddled up to my back. It felt so good as she held me. I was asleep almost instantly.

Sometime later, I am not sure how long, I was awakened by someone else climbing into bed with me. Mary Jo pulled back her arm and did her best to hide behind me. My new bedmate was Brandi.

She cuddled back against me she pulled my arm over her and held it in place like it was a seatbelt. My arm rested on her belly. Her hair smelled like dried sweat and sex. "Are you awake?" She asked.

I decided to remain silent.

"Bro, I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I knew Tiffani was trying to screw up your life. I didn't really want to help her but you know she is my mom. I'm sorry I hurt you. I know that you will never believe it but I do love you."

She was silent for a bit. "I'm sorry about what happened at dinner. I don't know what came over me. It felt like someone was playing with my tits and rubbing my pussy. I know it's no excuse. Thank you for closing the door to keep other people from seeing me."

Her voice was soft and trailing off. "It's so strange. I thought you were fucking me. It was so nice. I want to do it again some time if you don't mind."

A moment later she was snoring and I felt a soft sobbing against my shoulder. Mary Jo held me close and whispered, "I love you too."

The three of us fell asleep together. My last thoughts before I slipped away was, "What happens in the morning?" It felt so good to be cuddled up between them that I didn't care.