 Thank you everyone for the kind comments and feedback. Feel free to PM me with thoughts and suggestions.

*****

The ADA was fuming, the psychologist and resource officer looked scared. The ADA was ten steps ahead of me and walking quickly. I was running to try to catch up. I usually tried to avoid running, being behind in time it looked funny but I was running now to try and keep up. It still wasn't enough.

The ADA and turned and shoved me. We were in the high school hallway surrounded by my classmates and an officer of the court shoved me. I didn't have time to react. I could do nothing as I started to fly backwards off my feet. I was slow and weak. I didn't have time to think. My head slammed into the locker. I could feel a trickle of blood.

"Simon T. Jones. Are you fucking playing me? I'm the mother fucking Assistant District Attorney. If you hadn't had fucked things up with this bullshit rape I was up to become the DA. Don't just lay there like a retard. I saw your test scores, you're a mother-fucking genius."

It was at that point I realized I should have slowed down or even stopped time as he turned on me. My head hurt, my neck hurt, and my back hurt. I was bullied a lot in school for being slow and different but almost none of it was physical. I had been living time slower than everyone else for a decade and moving through time slower made me weaker and more fragile. I couldn't run as fast or hit as hard. A simple arm grab led to a dislocated shoulder. The high school bullies learned that yelling at me, calling me freak or retard was just as satisfying as hitting me, but couldn't get them into trouble, since the school administrators couldn't be bothered to take the time to listen to me tell them in my slow pace.

The ADA was still raging. "I had you on rape. Half wit brute rapes pretty young thing. It was going to be a banner news story. I had alerted the media there was a rapist running around and we caught him. Then you fucking hadn't done it. I was up shit creek. TV reporters get bitchy when you tease them with a story and don't deliver."

I could barely keep up with what he was saying. He was screaming it so quickly.

"Then it hit me. You were shouting no. It would be almost impossible to get a conviction on a woman raping a man, but with the tape, and you being a fucking potato, I figured I might be able to pull it off. Who knows, I might be able to parlay that into a run for Attorney General. Rights for gimps and retards, guys would love me for turning the rape tables on women, feminist cred for treating women equally, fuck, they would have lined up around the block to suck my fucking dick."

I looked around. Thats when I saw the phones out. This was going to be on YouTube. The school resource officer, Brian, saw as well. Brian wasn't so much a person as a wall that moved his way down the hall. There were stories about a kid a couple years back who punched him in the jaw and ended up with a broken hand. They said he carried two football players away from a brawl at once. He got between me and the ADA. "Look." He said in a voice that was soft and firm. He was looking at a gaggle of girls all of whom had their phones out taping.

The ADA turned on the girls. He started to scream and Brian said more firmly, "We can't take all the phones." That was a tone he used to stop fights. The ADA knew he was beat and stormed out of the building. Brian led me down to the nurses office. The psychologist started to follow and just sort of wandered off.

Ms McAdams was the school nurse. She was tall and in her early mid twenties. She had short blonde hair, cropped close in the back and side and moderate sized tits. One thing that drove all the boys and admittedly some of the girls crazy was that fact that she never wore bra. She always wore turtleneck sweaters so you couldn't actually see her nipples but you could tell by the way they bounced when she moved.

When she saw me walk in she had me grab a seat. She was new at the school and was still adjusting to seeing injured children. "What happened Brian?"

He hesitated. I knew he didn't want to get into the middle of this.

"I fell."

She looked at me and shook her head. "I'm going to need supplies. Help me carry things, Brian." She turned to me, "You, Simon, you stay here."

The two of them walked off and I heard her chewing Brian out quietly. She was demanding that he tell her the truth, that he fill out the paperwork. I heard Brian tell he that he couldn't do that. The argued in hushed tones. I couldn't make out all of it but I knew that she was standing up for me.

Five minutes later they came back. He was carrying a handful of gauze packets, she was carrying a bottle of saline wash and a roll of tape. I was certain she could have carried twice as much by herself, but I said nothing.

She washed my wound and bandaged it. It hurt like hell but I was used to it. She then had me sit down while she started to fill out the paperwork. Brian came over and started to talk to me.

"Family is important you know. When you have no one else and no where else, there is family and home. You need to forgive them. You can't believe the shit I've done that they have forgiven me for."

I looked at him.

"Give it a shot at least."

I spent the rest of the day with the nurse. I sped up time even more. The three hours left of the school day passed in a heartbeat. I smiled when I realized I never had to be patient again.

Mary Jo came by at the end of the day and we took the bus home together. She sat next to me in the seat and held my hand. I could smell her shampoo as she leaned closer. It was something floral and delicious. She took my hand and held it in her lap. "Does it hurt?" she asked.

"Not really" I lied. It hurt like a son of a bitch. It would hurt and bleed for weeks.

"I'm sorry." She said and lowered her head.

"It's not your fault. He pushed me, I fell. You weren't even there."

"Not that, everything. You were on your way to my birthday when it happened."

I realized then she was talking about the accident almost eight year ago. The accident that unstuck me in time. The accident that killed my parents.

"I've had you in my prayers every night. I would always pray that you would get better or that I could take care of you. I guess it was like in Back to the Future, where Marty's mom fell in love with him because she was taking care of him. I guess wanting to take care of you I fell in love."

I didn't know what to say. I wanted time to think but knew it wouldn't help. I squeezed her hand and she leaned in close. When we got to her house her mother was horrified at how bad I looked. She checked the bandage on my head and made the mother hen clucking sounds.

Mary Jo and I worked on homework until dinner. I sped myself up so that I could keep up with Mary Jo in the homework department. I was beginning to appreciate how far behind in time I had been. The two of us were working in her room, I was lying on her bed while she was working at the desk. It was nice doing my homework with feeling rushed. I was almost beginning to understand how people could procrastinate on these things. Before I had to work from the time I got home until almost midnight to do the days homework. Now I would be done before dinner.

When we were called down to dinner Mary Jo was sitting across from me. She reached her feet across the table and our ankles rubbed together. I stared at her. She was incredibly gorgeous. Everything that I could want in a woman, beautiful smile, long dark and and deep blue eyes. She was giving me a hundred watt smile and I melted.

Dinner was meatloaf, mashed potatoes and broccoli. Home cooked meals were definitely something that I could get used to. With Tiffani, my brothers girlfriend, the closest we would get would be TV dinners and that was only for special occasions like Thanksgiving and Christmas. Usually it was pop tarts and hotdogs. Once she tried hamburger helper. It didn't work out well.

I savored every bite of the meatloaf, the herbs and bits of rice cooked into it, the sweet ketchup crust. The mashed potatoes were something else that I wasn't used to. They tasted strange to me, then I remember that Mary's mom was peeling the potatoes when we came in, real mashed potatoes with melted butter on top.

We had barely sat started eating when the phone rang. Pastor Kopernick stood up and said, "Excuse me, it may be a parishioner in trouble."

I only heard his part of the conversation. "What? No? What? No, no comment."

He had barely sat down when there was another phone call and the conversation went much the same way. "No. I don't know. I can't say. I don't know."

After the third call he shut off the phone.

As dinner was finishing we noticed a bright light outside of the house. Mary Jo peeked out the window and said that there were several news trucks set up in the street with lights and cameras pointed at the house. Every truck had a reporter and they were all shooting their intro shots.

After half an hour of waiting that felt like an eternity the first intrepid reporter rang the door bell asking to speak to me. Pastor Kopernick opened the door a hands breadth to find out what they wanted. They really wanted to speak to me or if that failed they wanted a statement. I wasn't sure how they had found me but I was afraid of what they wanted. I was really afraid of how I should do this. If I was slow then I would be more likely to give a bad or wrong answer. If I sped myself up in time then I wouldn't be able to play the slow person convincingly and they would spin it that I was faking. I realized that there was no good answer for me.

Fortunately Pastor Kopernick solved the problem for me. He told me I didn't have to say anything to them, that I owed them nothing. He said that he could speak for me if I wanted but he thought that nothing was the right thing to do and say.

I eventually agreed that that was the right thing and we did our best to ignore them. I had to know why they were out there and what was being said about me, so that I could respond if cornered. We watched the news at 11 and it came out that the video of the ADA pushing me had gone viral. MSNBC described it as a curb stomping. Fox News was torn between calling it an overreach of government and wondering if I was a danger to the school and flopping for sympathy. I guess they were waiting on the nightlies. I then realized that there was no right answer. I wanted to disappear. I wanted to die. Most of all I wanted to cry.

I ran up the stairs to the guest room and threw myself down on the bed. Tears were flowing freely. I was stuck. No matter what I was stuck. I was either going to be the moron abused by the DA or the kid trying to scam the system.

I wish there was some way that I could get out of this. Just hide until it all blew over. I thought about climbing inside of a storage locker, or hiding away in a basement somewhere for a couple of years. I could pop out like nothing had changed and they all would have forgotten about me. I could reenter life and get a job, pretend I had my high school diploma or perhaps just snag a GED.

It was about then that Mrs Kopernick came in.

"Don't worry. It will blow over soon enough. I've seen how these things go. It's been a slow news day with the holidays passing and all. Give them a few days and there will be a new crisis. All you have to do is hold out a week."

I concentrated on that. I could do a week. I could do a month if I knew that would be the end of it.

Mary Jo came in later. I knew it was close to midnight. When she opened the door I could see that the hall lights were off. She didn't say a word she just crawled into bed with me and threw an arm over my torso. I could hear her breathing. Involuntarily I synced up with her. I breathed in when she breathed in. I breathed out when she breathed out and it calmed me.

I fell asleep with her flannel covered breasts in my back and her arm on my torso. We must have shifted in the night because I woke up her thigh on top of mine. I was panicked. All I could think of was Brandi, Tiffani's daughter; raping me. I had the sleep boner going and I screamed, "Stop! Stop! Get off! Get off!"

Then I realized it was Mary Jo and not Brandi on top of me. It was too late though. Mary Jo ran out of the room mortified. I realized where I was and who I had been with. I realized that I was still wearing my day clothes and was horrified when Pastor and Mrs Kopernick came running in.

"Is everything okay?"

"I'm sorry. Bad dream." That was mostly true. I didn't want to tell them that it was because their virgin daughter had been in bed with me.

They left the door cracked and the hallway light on. I couldn't sleep and dawn took forever to come. I was lying in bed with a massive boner, afraid to touch it. I didn't want to get caught and I was afraid to close the door.

Breakfast was awkward. Mary Jo wouldn't make eye contact and I couldn't stop thinking about my penis and how much I wanted to slide it into her. Mrs Kopernick seemed oblivious. She was still wearing her night gown and seemed intent on touching me. It wasn't anything overly sexual but her hands ran across my back as she spooned eggs onto my plate. Her hair tickled the side of my face. I felt her knee brush against my thigh.

Mary Jo and I took the bus to school, she didn't say anything as I reached a hand out to her but she took it and squeezed. We sat next to each other and I kept looking down at my crotch, hoping that she wouldn't be looking at my erection. I took a peek at her and saw that she was looking.

I had no idea of how I was going to make it through school. Then I remembered that my first class of the day was gym. I knew I couldn't go into the locker room with a boner. I remember once it happened and no one would let him live it down. I was the school retard. I didn't want to be the school fag as well.

Mary Jo and I parted ways and promised to meet at lunch. We had no classes together. She was in honors and I was in the special ed. I knew now that I didn't need to be. I could be as smart as any of them. Smarter really I could have as much time as I needed for the classes. I could do a week of homework in the blink of an eye.

That is when it hit me. I had all the time in the world for my boner to go down. Then I realized I could help it go down. I looked for a good place to hide so I wouldn't have to worry about anyone notice me changing position. The bell rang for class and I was hiding in the boy's bathroom. 

I walked out into the hallway and saw a few kids running to class. I then walked into the girls locker room. I was astonished by what I saw. I really should have expected it but the room was full of girls in the middle of changing. Some were just pulling on sweats over their normal underwear, many of them were wearing sports bras already, but in the middle of the room I saw the grand prize, one of the hottest pieces of ass on the planet. 

It was Cassie, Scott's girlfriend. She had a massive rack of fake boobs that she got for her sweet 16 present. She was standing stark naked holding a bra and a pair of black lace panties. She was flaunting her nakedness. Most of the girls had their backs turned. Her mouth was open and her other hand was pointed up in the air like she was waiving it around. A few of her friends were in various states of undress trying not to look at her.

I walked over and felt her breasts. They were warm and firm. Her nipples were already erect. I wonder if she was turned on being in front of her friends like this. I squeezed her tits and then kissed a nipple. I walked in front of her and looked at her pussy. She had a leg up on the bench and seemed to be showing it off to the room. It was perfectly smooth, no sign of stubble or anything. 

Using my fingers I pulled her outer labia apart. They came apart with ease and just kind of hung where I left them. I then started to spread her inner labia and noticed they were glistening and wet. I touched my finger to the clear fluid and slid my fingers around it. It was sticky and wet. It slid like oil but wasn't greasy. I knew that just a few days ago my dick had been swimming in it when Brandi was fucking me against my will. I didn't want to think about it then, I was repulsed. Now, I was fascinated.

I quickly stripped down. My cock was still achingly hard from the dream last night. I slid a couple of fingers into Cassie's pussy and they slid easily. I started to suck on her nipple but since she was stuck in time she didn't react and I got bored with it.

I wrapped my slick fingers around my cock and started to stroke it. It felt so good I wondered what it would feel like to fuck her. I noticed her pussy was still open from my fingers. I positioned the head of my cock and slid the tip in. It was warm and inviting but not particularly tight. I pushed in and felt her pussy widen around me but it wasn't squeezing back. I pulled back and when I went to push back in there was only a little friction from the side. I had been frustrated so long that it didn't take much and I started to pump her full of cum.

I was covered in sweat and my heart was pounding. It was then I realized that I had just raped Cassie. She had never done anything bad to me. Her boyfriend was a prick but that wasn't a reason to do that. I grabbed my clothes and ran into the gym. I wasn't sure what to do. 

I stood in the gym naked thinking about the infamous naked at school dream. Here I was naked in school and embarrassed about something completely different. I went back to the the girls locker room. There didn't seem to be any fluid on her body but her pussy was gaped open. I delicately tried to squeeze it shut like the way I found it. I changed into my gym clothes and found a quiet area of the gym to hide and restart time.

The boys came trooping in. If any of them did notice that I wasn't in the locker room with them they didn't say anything. The girls started to come out of their locker room, and one of them said, "Did you hear Cassie queef? She must be getting fucked between classes."

"Yeah well the way she flashes off her bald beaver like that, I wouldn't be surprised if she hasn't been fucked by every male teaching in the building."

"And Ms Roberts..." The other girl sniggered. Ms Roberts was the girls softball coach. Although not confirmed, she was widely believed to be a lesbian, mostly because she taught girls softball.

Cassie walked out at the behind the rest of the girls. The crotch of her shorts was slightly damp. As she walked she started to moan. She was lightly rubbing her breast, the same one that I spent a couple of minutes sucking on.

She had a soft warm smile on her face and light glean of sweat on her skin. She sighed and panted and tossed her hair back.

Cassie moaned and he hand went to her crotch. It seemed to line up to when I was fingering her. She seemed to be feeling everything delayed by a few minutes. "Oh fuck fuck fuck... fuck me..." She moaned softly as her knees buckled. Her crotch was getting wetter by the moment. She was down on her hands and knees moaning like a whore.

The entire class circled her, staring at the young lady in throes of passion. She was entirely into the sex, her eyes were closed and she didn't even seem to realize that she was surrounded by people.

Her breathing sped up and finally she looked up and saw the whole gym staring at her. I was hard as a rock. I wanted to fuck her again. I wanted to fuck her in real time with the whole world watching. Looking at my classmates, I could see a lot of the guys rubbing boners through their gym shorts.

She stood up and proudly said, "That is how I fuck Scott! And that is why his ass will never cheat on me."

Ms Roberts, short, stocky, with close cropped blonde hair was staring at Cassie. I think I was the only who noticed that she was rubbing her crotch with the rest of us. She snapped out of it quickly enough and knew she had to enforce discipline. "Cassie Hearst! You get to the office right this minute!"
