 When Mrs. Kopernick came in to wake me in the morning I was alone in bed. It felt empty without her daughter Mary Jo beside me but I knew it was for the best. I was their house guest under difficult circumstances. I didn't want to have any trouble.

I noticed though that a couple of buttons of Mrs. Kopernick's gown were undone and she had a big smile on her face. She and Pastor Kopernick must have done the deed last night, and it must have been good.

I got dressed and headed downstairs. When I got to the kitchen I was surprised to see Brandi helping Mrs. Kopernick out. I had never seen Brandi do housework before. Brandi and her mom had lived with my brother and me for several years. I was kicked out of the house the day I turned 18 and ended up staying with our pastor and his family.

Brandi was kicked out a few days later. Brandi was wearing the same shabby yoga pants and tank top that she had arrived in yesterday. She had found the time to shower though and wash her hair. She had never really cared about her appearance and this may have been the first time I had ever seen her help out with housework. She took after her mom like that. Her mother lived with my brother and did exactly jack shit.

Brandi was setting the table but instead of setting places evenly around the table she set two on one side and three on the other.

I ended up sitting between the two young women. Pastor and Mrs. Kopernick sat opposite of us. Breakfast was awkward. Both Mary Jo and Brandi were looking at me but trying to avoid the gaze of the other. Mary Jo would look at me then when Brandi looked she would look away and vice versa. 

As breakfast wound down Mary Jo and I got ready for school while Brandi helped with the dishes. It was so out of character to see her doing dishes, but I considered it an improvement. I wonder if she was actually turning her life around.

Mary Jo and I say next to each other on the bus holding hands. I was astonished at how much adjusting the time flow could make life more bearable. Speeding up time, the slow plodding of the school bus felt like a roller coaster and we were at school before I noticed.

I kissed Mary Jo goodbye and headed off to my day of remedial classes while she went off to her honors classes. I was smiling as I realized gym was first. So many wonderful options. A quick hop into the bathroom and a time stop later and I was walking into the girls locker room. I was pleased by the flesh on display. So many attractive girls just standing around in their bras and panties.

I looked around for Cassie who had been so proudly flaunting the previous day. I figured I had already fucked her once so there would be little harm in doing her again.

I didn't see her right away so I took a peek in the stalls. She wasn't using the toilet. It looked like she was hiding. I crawled under the stall door to look at her. She was wearing a plain bra and panties surprisingly not fancy. I figured she would be the type to go without underwear rather than wear something that plain. I looked at her. I pulled her bra aside and saw her magnificent fake tits. I slid her panties down a bit and saw light stubble. Yesterday it had been baby smooth. Yesterday she had been stark naked in front of everyone, now she was cowering.

I felt like shit. She had been so brazen and now was cowering. I brushed her hair back and gave her a soft kiss on the forehead and said, "I'm sorry." I had fucked her with time stopped and she ended up orgasming five minutes later in front of everyone, giving the whole class a sex show. She lost her boyfriend and was now a pariah.

I climbed back under the stall and looked at girls. "Fuck it." I said. I was in control and I could do what I wanted. All of these beautiful young things were at my command. I could do what I want. I knew there would never be any repercussions for me. 

I wandered around inspecting them. The girls were all so attractive and so different. I saw pubes poking around some of the panties and other girls had the panties pulled right up into their creases with shaved lips poking around on either side. I walked through the room copping the occasional feel. When I encountered a particularly luscious set of tits, I stared at them, kissed them and caressed them. It was dull and flat though. I wanted to experience it in real time. I gently caressed a few of the young ladies and wandered off.

I entered the gym, started time and waited for everyone to enter. No one seemed to notice that I was the first one in the room. I realized that at some point I would have to be changing with everyone else again or they might notice. We stood around waiting for Ms Roberts to come in. 

There was some chatting, and I noticed Cassie standing off by herself. I walked up to her and said, "I'm sorry about what happened yesterday." She looked at me and smiled and said, "You retards really are sweet aren't you?"

I choked down the bile, smiled and walked away. I suddenly felt less bad about what I had done to her. Perhaps she had deserved it.

Ms Roberts walked in and I made my way to the back of the group. I was going to stop time and then have some real fun. I knew there was a chance that Ms Roberts would see me change position but I hoped that she would miss it in the chaos that was to come.

When we were all lined up, I stopped time. I went methodically through the group and lifted all of the girls shirts and bras. Then I pulled down everyone pants. Guys and girls were all bare crotched. I giggle slightly as I did it. The chaos would be almost as much fun as the live naked women.

I saved Ms Roberts for last. I really wanted to experience what she was like. I lifted her top and was greeted with a set of medium sized tits. They were probably around C cup but on her stocky frame they looked smaller. I noticed that her armpits weren't shaved and everyone knew that she didn't shave her legs. What really shocked me was when I took down her shorts and panties was that her pussy was completely shaved. It was bare and baby smooth. I wondered if she shaved daily or event went as far as electrolysis. The funny thing was that as soon as I looked away from her crotch she was as hairy as a wookie. I figured it must be for easy oral access. 

I wasn't content to just strip her down. I took her clothes and tossed them to the far corners of the gym. Gymnasium does come from the greek for naked so I figured it was only appropriate. 

I knew it was wrong but I was feeling horny looking at all the naked people around me. I gave my dick a couple of strokes to get it nice and hard. Ms Roberts seemed to be the obvious choice. She was a teacher after all. I bent her around a bit and pushed my cock into her. She was incredibly tight. I wondered if I was her first real penis. I guessed from her shaved crotch that she must have had more than her fair share of tongues caressing her crease but could I be the first man to test the waters. I grabbed her tits and used them for leverage. My hands easily deformed them as I pulled her close to me.

The problem with time stopped sex is that the women just get progressively looser. Their pussies don't clench down and caress your rod. Fortunately Ms Roberts had started out so tight that I was able to finish. I blew my load into her. I walked to back and looked at Cassie. She was so beat down from yesterday I felt bad. Then again she had called me a retard. I almost dressed her but decided that everyone had seen her yesterday so there was no reason to not cover her back up.

The chaos was incredible. A lot of the guys and a few of the girls just looked around the room and stared. Everyone else started to pull their clothes into the proper position. Ms Roberts was incredibly nonchalant. She looked around for her clothes but continued with the morning announcements as if nothing happened. Most guys were looking at the girls, especially the ones who where too busy looking at the guys to cover themselves up. 

Normally I wouldn't have cared about the announcements but she mentioned that after school there would be baseball tryouts. I hadn't seriously played since my accident and I really wanted to get back into the swing of things. I had loved baseball but couldn't play before being slowed down in time. I had been a terrible player after my accident. I couldn't hit anything, I couldn't catch the ball, it was always ahead of me. This year was my chance.

When the announcement finished Ms Roberts cleared her throat a couple of times before everyone took the hint and covered up. She then walked calmly back to her office as my cum dribbled down her leg. She was back in almost no time wearing a spare set of workout clothes.

The rest of class was a travesty. I was too excited about the prospect of playing baseball again and everyone else was still distracted by the unexpected nudity. Guys would miss passes anytime one of girls were in view, the girls just huddled up and giggled. 

Ms Roberts was the worst of the bunch. She orgasmed right after she got dressed and a large wet spot formed in front of her shorts and liquid ran down her legs. Her face was pale and sweaty but somehow she managed not to say anything. She stood stoically and shuddered every couple of minutes with what I assumed were follow on orgasms. She eventually gave up and sent us to the lockers early.

As everyone was going back to the lockers to change I saw Cassie staring at me. I shrugged it off and went with everyone to change. The locker room was full of conversations about the various girls and what they looked like naked. Who everyone wanted to see again. There was no mention of Cassie not being naked and a lot of discussion over how Ms Roberts had a completely smooth pussy.

"She's a rug muncher." One of the guys opined. "She keeps it shaved so her partner doesn't get a mouth full of hair."

"That's why I shave my crotch. My girlfriend said that the hairs tickled her nose too much." Everyone in the room laughed.

An odd thing happened as we filed out of the locker room. The Li twins, Amy and Betty walked over to Melvin and each one took one of his arms. Melvin was short and fat, with glasses and acne. They were smoking hot with long dark hair and curvy bodies. Either one of them was way out of his league and the two of them together with him would be inconceivable, but because of my stunt they found out something that us guys had known for a while. Melvin was hung like horse. I actually felt good for pantsing Melvin.

I caught up to Mary Jo at lunch. The two of us sat together off to the side of the cafeteria.

"I heard first period gym was exciting today." She said looking down at her food.

"Yeah, they announced baseball tryouts are going to be this afternoon." I said pretending not to know what she was talking about.

"That's not what I meant. I heard there was an orgy."

"There was no sex. There was a sort of spontaneous mass wardrobe malfunction. A bunch of people ended up naked and then they quickly covered themselves."

"Were you naked?"

I took a bite of food and hung my head. I didn't want to lie but I didn't want her to put together I was the only one not naked.

"I would have liked to have seen it. I really would have wanted to see you naked."

I smiled and said, "Well there are times that I am naked."

"Like when?"

"I do take showers you know."

Mary Jo smiled and I smiled back. We sat and ate lunch just smiling at each other. I imagined her walking in on me when I was showering. I also considered walking in on her. I knew I could do it with time stopped and she would never know, but I wanted her to know. I wanted her to want it.

The rest of the school day passed without incident. My course load was set up for someone who was running significantly slower than normal. I could run through time slowly and not really miss a thing. I wondered how I would do in honors classes if I were running at full speed. I didn't really care though. Graduating was graduating. It was not like a college would accept me or that I would be able to afford it. Then again with my new found power I wouldn't need college. I could get what I wanted through athletics, or even theft.

I was distracted by the thoughts of trying out for the baseball team. I missed playing. I watched it all I could on tv and had played it before my accident. Afterwards, I was comically bad. I knew now I had my chance.

As the final bell of the day rang I told Mary Jo that I wanted to try out for baseball. She smiled, in a winsome sort of way and called her mother to tell her we were going to be taking the late bus.

The tryouts were going to be outside and it was mighty cold. Everyone laughed at me as I came out of the locker room. Mary Jo was sitting bundled up tight on the bleachers clapping for me.

I sped myself up in time. The coaches had us run around the track a few times as a warm up. I did what felt like a slow jog that I normally did to keep up with people who were walking, but I was leading the pack of people trying to get caught up.

After that came fielding practice. There were 10 of us at a time spread across the outfield. One of the coaches was dinging fly balls to us randomly. I caught anything that I didn't have to run by anyone to catch, and was sure to shout out "I've got it." It was something that had been drilled into my head as a kid. There were fewer things in baseball more embarrassing or disastrous as a collision of two outfielders.

Finally they tested us on batting. Half of us lined up to face the pitching machine. We swung until we missed then went to the outfield to field and who ever we replaced came in line to bat. The idea was that everyone would get to go through three or four times. Scott as the captain last year was up first. Since I was a total unknown I would be last.

I watched the ball flying towards him. I stopped time when he was mid swing. I thought about moving the ball but I wasn't sure how inertia played when I moved things with stopped time. If I moved the ball would It keep going or would it just fall? I didn't know and didn't want to risk it.

I simply pushed Scott's bat down a little. If he noticed and could correct he might pop out. He was good but not quite good enough. It was a mighty swing and a miss and he cursed as he ran into the outfield. I kept grabbing flies as they came to me. I wasn't trying to be spectacular, just competent. Slowly we worked through the batting order. Everyone else got at least two hits. Finally it was my turn. The balls flew toward me at an impossibly slow speed. I swung the bat slowly and the ball went flying past the fence.

I slowed myself down a bit and the balls were consistently landing in the outfield. I was happy with the results and it felt like I had hit a hundred of them when the coaches shut down the machine and sent us off to the late buses.

Mary Jo and I went back. I had a smile on my lips. I knew I was on the team. Mary Jo walked beside me holding my hand. I was smiling the whole way. As we were about to get on the bus, Scott stopped us.

He was furious. "What the fuck retard! A decade of nothing but drooling on yourself and now you are A-rod?"

I shrugged. There was nothing I wanted to say to make anything better. I did slow down time a bit. I knew he was going to swing at me and so I wanted to be ready for it. I didn't want to get decked again. It hurt too much. At the same time I didn't want to beat the hell out of him without trying. I wanted something just slightly unfair in my favor. 

"Don't give me that shit! There has been something going on and you are in the middle of it."

I didn't say anything. I was tempted to smile and wink but I thought that would be too much. I didn't nothing. I stared impassively. He swung. I stared at the fist coming at me. It was almost comically slow. I thought about blocking. It thought about tossing him. I ended up just standing there and taking it.

In physics that teach that kinetic energy is mass time velocity squared and that velocity is distance divided by time. With the way that time was moving for me, the time of his hit was spread out over several seconds. Spread out across that much time the amount of energy was almost trivial. It felt like he was giving me a light push. From the way he held his hand afterwards hitting me must have felt like hitting a brick wall. 

I shook my head and walked away. Mary Jo cuddled up to my arm and we walked off. The late bus was full of chatter about the baseball practice. Most of the bus was guys who had been trying out for the team. Everyone kept asking me how I did it. Most of them had never seen me beyond sitting in the stands and watching the games. I didn't have a good answer so I just shrugged.

The guys were talking about how we were going to win every game of the season. I wondered if I played just a little too well. I was going to have to be a bit more careful in the future.

The biggest surprise of the day came when we got home. Brandi was wearing one of Mrs Kopernick's outfits. It was a wool skirt that came down to mid-calf and a sweater. Her breasts were pushing against it but most of her curves were covered. She looked completely prim and proper, like the wife of a pastor or a 50's housewife. Just as shocking was that she was helping to serve dinner. We sat around the table in a much less awkward fashion but neither her nor Mary Jo looked at each other.

The dinner conversation consisted of Mary Jo describing in detail how skilled I was at baseball, at how I did nothing but hit the ball. She said that I was the fastest person out there and how I made it look effortless. I just kept my head down. I knew I had showboated a bit. Hearing Mary Jo describe it made me realize how much I had stuck out. I kept my head down and resolved to be more discrete, to miss the ball occasionally.

The rest of the conversation was Mrs Kopernick talking up Brandi. She raved about how helpful Brandi had been around the house and how she had helped with dinner. It was like the twilight zone. Suddenly Brandi, who had been a self absorbed hedonist, was now a Stepford Wife. She too kept her head down and was blushing furiously at the praise.

Brandi cleared the table as Mary Jo and I did homework. When bedtime came Mary Jo and I climbed into bed together. I was laying on my back staring up at the ceiling. She was wearing a demure nightgown and I was in pajamas. She whispered in my ear, "My birthday is Saturday. I'll be legal, and I am ready."

I kissed her on the forehead and wondered how I could wait that long. Mary Jo had her thigh resting on mine and a hand on my chest. She nuzzled my ear. We didn't have a chance to fall asleep when Brandi joined us. Brandi lay on the other side in a mirror position. "I'm not supposed to be here but I sleep so much better with you." She wasn't resting her hand on my chest but over my clothed crotch.

"Brandi." I said swallowing with a dry mouth. "Can you help us. Mary Jo and I want some alone time on Saturday."

There was a long pause. "I can do that." Mary Jo squeezed me.

As I was falling asleep I thought I felt a tear on my cheek.