 This is a continuation of the story A Slave to the Servants by DoctorWolf. I give her full credit for her world. Go read that before you read this one as this is the story of the world after the Alien invasion and Ciara's story. 

I contacted her abnd received no response. I couldn't just leave it off like that and really wanted to continue. I apologize for any mistakes. I hope this is to her liking, where ever she may be now!! 

Thank you to Jc_The_Contender for helping me edit this chapter. He has been a huge help. And another shout out to my second editor as she is following along behind!! 

*********************************

"This invasion won't be the last!" a black, furred female roared from across the room, "You want us to sit back and act like everything is normal when our men are being destroyed?" 

Hannah sighed as she shifted her wings in agitation, this was getting old. Ra, her sister, chuckled under her breath, "So much like your male and female breeder." Ra grunted as more laughter spilled from between her fanged teeth. 

Hannah snorted, she was nothing like her mama, she was far more like her male breeder Damien. 

"The Administors do not see the need in building more ships to wage a needless war." a Paterian male stated calmly, "Nor do we see the need to waste the resources we just now managed to build up. If we must do something, we need to build a better defense system." His brother's nodded in agreement. 

"I am a Nora from the T'lyne Mountains," the black furred woman roared once more, "Women do not COWER before a insignificant alien race!" Her amber venom leaked down her chin as she became more furious. 

The Paterian male just stared at her, "Cousin....if you can not control yourself then you will be removed. Such would be a waste." 

Nora glared at him and his brothers as she wiped her venom away. Hannah saw her opportunity and stepped forward, "I am Hannah of the T'aran Mountains and I have something to say if the Administers would allow it?" 

The administers looked surprised, Reed a well know female smiled and greeted her politely, "go ahead." 

Hannah stepped forward with her sister and started, "Everyone here is well known for their fighting abilities, but that does not mean that we must rush into the face of danger without good cause! We, as a species, are nearly decimated as it is, now would not be a good time for us to take the fight to the aliens." 

Nora and her two sisters snorted, "Cowardly woman, much like your human breeder I heard." 

Hannah ignored her and continued, "I say that we finish liberating the men in the compounds and work on defense of the planet. Then and only then should we think of a strategy to rip these trespassers to shreds!" 

A cheer went up from the men present, this was the right way, the only way the harmonious Spirit would act! 

Hannah made eye contact with Nora across the room, and bared her teeth. Her and Nora would never see eye to eye. The larger female started forward in anger but was stopped by Reed's voice exploding into the crowd. "SILENCE!" 

Everyone paused, and gave her their attention, "What Hannah said is correct, although we can not solely focus on defense....we have decided to give Nora and her sisters a detachment of men and women to train for the upcoming fight while Hannah and her sister Ra, liberate more men from the Slavers. Is that agreeable?" 

Hannah nodded, while Nora seethed in rage. 

"Everyone is dismissed." The Paterian male said as he and his brothers exited the room. The crowd surged toward the exits as Hannah turned to Ra. 

"Sister, I believe we will need to watch out for that female." Ra grunted quietly. Hannah just nodded, this was going to be harder than anything she had ever done. 

Her head whipped around as her name was called, Reed approached them, "Greetings Cousin, how do you far this fine evening?" 

"I am doing well, Reed. I appreciate you letting my presence be known to the Administration." 

Reed shrugged and waved her hand in the air, "That is never a problem, your knowledge is greatly appreciated on these matters. How is your female breeder, Ciara? 

Hannah snorted, "She is well, expecting another child in a couple turns of the moon." 

Reed barked out a laugh, "We could always leave the re-population of the planet to your female breeder." 

Hannah blushed and a tight smile graced her lips, she never agreed with her mother spitting out children like it was a hobby. "I will tell her you inquired about her health, she will be pleased." 

Reed bowed her head and Hannah did the same as she turned to walk out of the large cavern, she stopped as Reed called out, "Do not make an enemy of Nora, Hannah. She is powerful with the right connections." Hannah continued her pace, with her sister close on her heels. 

The air was cool as she took flight, her wings carrying her above the cloud line. Ra appeared on her right side and the glided toward the forest. Hunting was the only way Hannah could stay focused and that is where she was heading. Their sharp eyes caught the movement of a rack and they shifted their wings to a minute degree and plummeted toward the ground. The large, crocodilian creature meadered around a small clearing, searching for whatever food it could find. 

The women dive bombed the creature just as it saw their shadows. The creature gave a great hiss, and jumped straight into the air at them. It's short, but powerful legs sending it a good five foot into the air to snapp in their faces as they landed. 

The woman's claws and hardened wing spikes mad short work of the animal. Finding it's soft spots with unerring aim. The rack knew it lost before the light went out in it's eyes, and it's hissing faded into the surrounding jungle. 

As Hannah and Ra tore into the beast, a small movement was heard and the girls went into attack mode. Hannah and Ra crouched before their kill and hissed at the intruder. A tall male stepped out of the tree line and held his hands up, "Cousins, we mean no harm. We were in the area and we saw your kill." 

Hannah straighten up and turned away from the man, "Go away, we are feeding and do not wished to be disturbed." 

Ra huffed and greeted the men as they normally would, "I am Ra from the Tscan mountains and this is my sister Hannah from the Taran mountains. Forgive my Sister, she is in a foul mood. Is there anything we could help you men with?" 

"I am Roan recused from the Barbas Compound, My brothers and I were actually inquiring as to whether you would accompany us to our evening meal tonight? You are both very attractive and we would feel honored to have you both at our table." He stated as his brother revealed themselves from the brush. 

That is very kind of you, we will do so. Ra agreed. She felt Hannahs annoyance through their bond, this was not what she wanted to be doing. Ra could feel the mens eyes on them as she turned around and continued feeding. They felt them melt away into the undergrowth as the men left them in peace to enjoy their meal. 

Hannah was annoyed at her sisters presumptuous nature, she had no time to associate with the men. They were just now old enough to breed and their cycle was several turnings of the moon away. Not that she was even interested in children at this point...it wasnt in her agenda. The rubbed shoulders as they finished off the rack in silence. Neither of them had anything to say and were comfortable with the flow of their bond. 

That evening they met Roan and his brothers in front of the eating area. Hannah had to admit, they were an attractive lot. Ras mirth transfer across the bond and Hannah smiled. Greeting Roan, we have come to eat with you as requested. 

Roan smiled, and introduced his brothers, This is Tarn. pointing to an even taller black, headed male who nodded in greeting, and these three are Seth, James, and London. The three other men smiled and slightly bowed their heads,Thank you Hannah and Ra for this honor. Roan said as they made their way to the line waiting for food. Hannah and Ra just followed them through as the rack from earlier was still in their system. 

Hannahs wing brushed lightly against Tarns shoulder and she jerked it back and struggled to withhold a hiss. Women did not treat men this way. She glanced over to apologize and was greeted with a heated gaze, she cleared her throat and continued down the line in discomfort. 

Ras laughter boomed out ahead of her, and Hannah looked around. The large area was filled with men and woman mingling in family groups, she smiled, this was the way that it was meant to be. She remembered how scared the men where in Nu-reehs mountain, what sadness had been held over that place, she thought as they all took their seats around a table. 

Her mind was drawn back to the present, as Roan and his brothers started to talk to them about the aliens. They discussed battle plans for a while and the brothers ate in peace. They all seemed to get along fairly well. The men left the two women with looks of promise as their rotation for guard duty was called. 

Ra leaned back, Those men are promising breeders, they are large for ther gender and seem to have spirit. 

Hannah snorted in distaste, We dont have time to breed right now. 

We could mate for fun, or even see if a mate bond will form. Ra stated as she looked around. I dont see many families that seem to be interested. Its probably your temper that scares them men.

Hannahs laughed at the statement as she stood up, I have no need of a mate that cant deal with my temper.

Ra nodded in agreement as the two, huge women walked slowly from the eating area. 

*************************************************

Hannah awoke to the rising of the second moon. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes in a very human-like gesture. The task today was to draw up a plan with the head administers on how to rescue the remaining men. She groaned, Nora would be there to overlook the directive and make suggestions on battle tactics.

Her attention was drawn back to the light snoring of her sister. It never failed, she could sleep until the sun rose in the sky. Hannah nudged her sister through the bond to wake up. Her mouth quirked as she watched Ra crack her eyes. 

"Why must you always wake before the sun?", Ra groaned.

Hannah stood and stretched her entire body, her wings spanning across the width of the cave,"I'm not lazy like my sister." 

Ra grunted and crawled to her feet, "I'm not lazy, just relaxed." 

They made their way to the opening of the cave and jumped straight into the air. Their wings unfurled and swept downward to catch their weight before they fell to their death on the ground below. Hannah smiled, her mama would have screamed, just like she did the first time she flew. 

They flapped and glided with the direction their wings set forth. They had tiny hairs on the membrane that monitored the air pressure and wind speed as they flew to the Administer's cavern.

Their landing was deceptively gracefully for such large creatures. They touched down toes first and as they stepped forward their wings folded quietly behind them. The women's eyes noticed everything around them, they watch men rushed to get to guard duty. Previous, female slaves walked around doing various tasks in the large, empty yard where they landed. 

The female slaves still weren't as comfortable with them as Hannah would have liked. But at least they didn't scream and cower every time the landed near them. 

Ra entered the huge cavern first. They were hewn out of the cliff side and could fit several, large females. Hannah followed her sister in and heard a greeting called out over the crowd. Roan was made eye contact with her as they walked to the table in the middle of the room. 

"Greeting Cousin. We hope you slept well." Roan said as they stood next to each other. Hannah rustled her wings in acknowledgement of the greeting and turned her attention to the table. Nora was already there with her three sisters. They all glared at Hannah, but were distracted when a mixed groupd of Administers walked in. 

The table quickly became crowded as several families took their places. 

Reed spoke first, "Nora, have you developed any attack plans that involve taking the fight to the aliens?"

"Yes, Administer. My sisters and I have been in contact with Rue and his brothers and they believe that we could take the force field that had disrupted the men's bond, and use it to interrupted the alien ships frequencies. Their defensive shields would be interrupted and we could use the guns loaded with ore and cause significant damage to the ships." Nora explained as she drew her talons across a map in the center of the table, "If we could somehow get the machines small enough to fit onto one of our ships, it would work." 

Whispering around the table was optimistic; it was a good plan. 

Reed turned and looked at Hannah, "What of you, young one? Any plans on how to rescue the remaining slaves?" 

Hannah nodded, "Yes, ma'am. I wish to use the same tactic that we used with my male breeders family. Pick one group of men to be re-caught and then infiltrate the compound and take the willing men on patrol." 

Nora looked up from the map sharply, "You wish to endanger another family and make them slaves once again? Where is the logic in this? It is to great of a risk!"

Many families agreed, they did not wish to be slaves again. 

Reed placed her hand on her chin and seem to be lost in thought and looked to the men next to her, "Administers, what is your thought on this?" 

The brothers looked around and made eye contact with all the people present, lingering on Hannah and her sister, "We can not waste the men," He started, "However, we can not sit around and do nothing. We must think of a better plan." 

Hannah saw a look of satisfaction cross Nora's face. She swallowed her rage at the situation, Ra was cautioning her about lashing out. 

She interrupted Reed as she started to quiet the assembly, "What if we used the tunnels? The women don't think of things under ground, we could easily take the men that way."

Amusement glittered in Reed's eyes, "That sounds like a better plan, we will try it." 

Tactics were discussed a little more and Hannah found her mind wondering to the future, what would hold for her species? Nora caught her eye from across the table. She wasn't happy at her success. Hannah snorted in frustration. 

"Did you say something Cousin?" London, Roan's third brother, asked. 

"No." Hannah snipped out, why couldn't they mind their own business? 

The meeting came to an end after the Administers decided which new seeds would be planted for the most resources. Not that Hannah found that interesting, meat was the only thing in her diet. 

The men and women slowly disbursed until Hannah and Ra were left with Nora and her sisters. 

"You think you're smart? I believe you are as stupid as your human breeder who wanders back to her slavers." one of the women said. 

Nora barked out a laugh at the woman's tone, "No, no, that would be giving this young one to much credit. There is a reason she only has one other sister." 

Hannah watched as Ra's fur started to ruffle in her agitation, "Back off, Cousin. There is no need to sling insults. We all fight for the same side." 

"Same side? Your line was the one that enslaved the men! You are basicially the living version of the women who made our planet weak." shrieked the woman who spoke earlier. 

Hannah took a step forward, "Leave. Or I will make you leave." At seven and a half foot tall, Hannah made an intimidating foe, but she could only do so much against 4 women. 

Nora said a string of crude words, and backed down. "Why would I want to fight a female barely of age? There is no honor in that. We will leave."

They watched as she took her sisters from the room. Now they had the advantage. 

*************************

The rest of the day was fairly uneventful. They caught another meal and Hannah caught herself physically avoiding Roan's family. They seemed to be every where, she began to suspect they were following her. Her suspicion's were proven correct when she caught one sliding behind the edge of a building out of sight. Hannah quickly flapped her wings and cornered the man. It was Tarn, Roan's second brother. 

"What are you doing following me?" Hannah spit out as her wings herded the man into a corner.

"We don't know what you mean Cousin. I am walking to aquire some information on seeds that I can gather on patrol for the other men." He said as a mischievous look crossed his face.

He took a a step forward and Hannah noticed how tall he really was, he was only about 5 inches shorter than her. A purr of satisfaction nearly escaped her throat. This was not the time to think these things. Her bond with Ra pushed her mind into accepting his advances and the ghost feeling of hands touching her wings could be felt. 

He attention fell back to the man in front of her and she frowned, "What are you doing with my sister?" 

Tarn smiled as his secondary teeth fell, 'Only giving her the relaxation she needed. It would be a pleasure to do the same to you."

Hannah backed up as he reached for her, "Don't touch me unless you want to loose that hand."

He looked confused for a moment, "Why do you resist? We can smell your arousal. Do you not wish to mate for fun? We would enjoy it." 

Hannah snarled as she felt her sister giving in to their advances, the spike on her wing slammed into the wall above the man's head, "Leave me be. I am not my mother. I don't crawl into bed with the only men who soon me affection." 

Torn avoided the falling debris as she ripped her spike out of the wall. She gave him one last disgusted look and jumped into the sky. Her muscles released the tension she felt as the cool cover of clouds embraced her form. Ra's anger and alarm was felt through the bond. Hannah closed it off as she flew further away. She need time away from the lingering pleasure her sister was feeling. Maybe soon, they should see her mama and get away from the camp for a while. After the raid on the compounds next week, that is exactly what they would do. 

**************************************

Large wings beat the air with everything they had. Hannah tried to steady herself in the hurricane like winds, why her mama insisted on living in the T'valik Mountains was beyond her. The weather alone was annoying. 

"You remind me of Nu-reeh more everyday." Ra said through the sister bond. Hannah frowned, Nu-reeh was a bitch. They managed to clear the voracious winds and descend into a fertile valley filled to the brim with people. It had been almost one turning of the sun, or one year by human standards, since she had last seen her mother in person. It had been to long, at least they were away from those pesky men. They had been a constant nuisance in the camp. 

As they landed on a spacious ledge, a shrill scream echoed around them. Hannah's female breeder, Ciara waddled out to see her. Her father's colors surrounded the small woman like flowing waterfall. Hannah smiled and walked forward to hug her gently, "Mama, I see you haven't popped yet." 

Ciara smiled, "It is good to see you to baby." She turned and gave her sister the same treatment. 

Her male breeder, Damien, walked out of the cave behind her mama and approached, "Greetings Hannah, "How was your flight?" 

Hannah kissed her daddy on the cheek and took a step back, "It was well, the winds are strong above the cloud line today." 

Damien looked at her Uncle Evan and the blonde man nodded as he walked away. "Thank you for telling us that, seems like we will have a storm later tonight. I sent Evan to let the patrol know. Please, Come in a sit a while." He said as he gestured into the cavern. 
