 Prince Aidan made his way back to his camp from the lake he had just been by. He was slightly aware that he had left his shirt there but what had his attention was the images of the beautiful women he had seen bathing in the water there. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Her body was perfect god how he'd love to have her beneath him as he drove his hard cock in and out of her. The thought had him rock hard once again and he hoped that it didn't show. 

"Damn who was she?"

"Who was who my Prince?"

"Huh oh Ronald it's you. No one just a girl in my dreams she seemed too real to be fake."

"Hmm ok my lord what ever you say we must be on our way though if we hope to reach Indraneel before dark. And if you don't mind me asking where is your shirt?"

"Oh I must have forgotten it by the lake I was bathing in."

"Yes sir I'll get you another shirt. Everything is packed and ready to go when you are ready to leave."

"Thank you Ronald I don't know what I'd do with out you"

Aidan made his way through his men getting odd stairs as he did. He assumed his hard on was showing so he ignored them put on his spare shirt and armor and mounted his horse to leave. The soldiers mounted as well and they began the last part of their journey to Indraneel. 

They were traveling at a brisk place when they came upon two hooded figures and a large wolf walking down the road towards Indraneel. They appeared to be women although it was hard to tell through the large cloaks. As they neared the pair Aidan signaled for them to slow their horses to a walk and then to a stop beside them. 

"Hello ladies why may I as are you traveling unaccompanied through this dark forest. Wolves and bandits hunt these wolves and even with a fine animal such as that protecting you I doubt he could handle a group of bandits or pack of wolves."

"It is kind of you to worry about us good sir our escorts abandoned us at the edge of the forest they were frightened of this place. My name is Liliandra and this is Cara. Who may I ask are you?"

"Liliandra I have heard much about you and your family. I am Prince Aidan of Mardion. What brings you to this forest are you traveling to Indraneel as well?"

"It is an honor to meet you Prince Aidan and I'm quiet surprised you have heard of me. Yes we are traveling to Indraneel I wish to see my sister's grave it has been nearly eighteen years since I was last there."

The Aidan was astonished this woman was a legendary healer and had been so for centuries. His father had told him of her and how it was believed that she had returned to her home with the Elvin people and her family the Elvin king and queen since her sister died.

"It would be an honor for me to escort you and the lady who travels with you. You may ride double with any of use or my men will dismount and you may ride alone."

"Thank you your highness you have truly grown in to a great man I shall ride with Ronald I wish to speak with him. If she may I would have Cara ride with you."

Aidan smiled some how he knew that Cara as Liliandra called her had been the woman he had watched bathing. Even though he could not see her face he was sure it was her. He helped her mount in front of him and nearly fell from the horse as her sent hit him. She smelled of the earth and the sweetest of lilacs. It was almost more then he could take just being this close to her. He felt a tug on one of his boots and looked down to see the large wolf with his teeth firmly planted into his pant leg.

"Shyam its ok I'm fine please let go of his leg. We won't leave you behind I promise."

Her voice he thought as she spoke was that of a bird soft and sweet but with a power behind it he could not explain. If only he could see her face he would be sure she was the one from the lake. She shifted in front of him rubbing her bottom against his growing hard on. He grabbed her around her waist then stilling her and pulling her to him at the same time. This was going to be an exceptionally long ride.

As he stilled her with his arm around her waist she felt a bulge behind her pressing in to her ass. Immediately she stilled confused about what was happening. She could hear the prince breathing heavily and the slight moan he made as she wiggles a little. The strange warmth and wetness that she had felt earlier flooded her senses again, this time it was worse though she felt her pulse quicken and her breathing become shallow and ragged. What was happening to her she would definitely ask Liliandra when she got the chance. 

The day wore on with out a pause and Cara began to drift off to sleep. Unconciously leaning back into Aidan and letting her hood fall from her head enough for him to see her soft brown hair. His breath caught in his throat it was her it had to be he had never seen another with hair like that. This spurred him to quicken the pace he needed to see her and he knew that wouldn't happen until they reached Indraneel. He knew he was to marry the princess there but he would do anything to have the creature that now slept in his arms as his own. 

The sun was just starting to set when the great city of Indraneel came in to view. Its high walls of stone and the high castle turrets shown white against the bold colors of the setting sun. Flags of deep red and gold flew above the gate to the city and on every tower behind that Indraneel was a site to behold that day. Trumpeters signaled their arrival as they made their way towards the gates. Cara awoke to see the brilliance of the city that was to now be her home. It was beautiful but to her it was nothing more then a prison that held no happiness for her. A single tear fell down her cheek then unseen to all and unknown to all but Liliandra. As they made their way through the streets Cara kept her head and face hidden as Liliandra had told her. It helped her hide the turmoil that she was feeling inside for which she was happy. Aidan sensed that something was wrong but couldn't seem to get her to tell him he tried asking if she was ok but she just nodded her head. He was worried there was more to Liliandra and the girl coming here he knew but he didn't know what more there could be. The wolf at his horse's feet kept people away for which he was happy and as he came up to the castle steps the one person he wished to not see was there Princess Bethany.

"Aidan my dear I am so glad to finally meet the man I am to marry. Who is this girl that rides with you?"

Before he could answer though King Blaire was running toward the group nearly pushing Bethany to the ground to reach Liliandra. Aidan was so surprised he nearly laughed King Blaire was a fit man but never did a king run in public.

"Liliandra it has been to long you look well what brings you here? I never thought to see you again after my daughter disappeared. Listen to me just blabbering on how are you?"

"My dear Blaire it is good to see you to I must say time has favored you, you look better then you did nineteen years ago. And to answer your question I bring you great news."

"Time has favored me? I believe my dear it favorted you more how old are you now?"

"I am well over two hundred."

Aidan was helping Cara down from his horse as he listened Bethany buzzed around him like a bee around a honey pot. He wanted to know what great news it was that Liliandra had brought his curiosity for what she had to say temporarily out weighing his curiosity for the girl he now was escorting towards the king.

"What news do you bring Liliandra have your mother and father forgiven me for your sister and my daughters death?"

"That I would not know I have not seen them in some time I have lived as a hermit lately but the news I bring to you is much better then that would be."

"Lil my dear I give tell me this news you bring me."

She motioned for Cara to come to her then. Reluctant to release Cara Aidan walk with her to Liliandra before releasing her.

"Blaire my friend I've been keeping something safe for you training her as her mother and I were trained and teaching her about the world. Caramirell remove your hood and show your father and your kingdom who you are. The true princess and heir of Indraneel."

The shocked silence that swept over the entire city was instant as Cara reveled herself. To any that had ever seen her mother there was no doubt who she was. King Blaire stared in disbelief this was his daughter there was no doubt in that. She had his eyes and nose but the rest of her was her mother. He hugged her as tears streamed down his face. He was so over whelmed he missed Bethany and her mother Queen Cecile's angry faces as they stared in horror at the site before them.

"My Blaire my husband can you not see that this is an imposter your daughter is dead."

"How would you know that Cecile is it because you were the one that abandoned her as a baby twenty years ago? If it had not been for me following you she would be dead not twenty years old you evil wrenched woman."

"You have no proof Liliandra so stop making horrible accusations against me. You filthy elf get out of my kingdom now."

Blaire heard them ten and turned with a face full of hatred and anger toward his wife. How could he have not seen that she had lied there was no doubt in his mind that this was his daughter she looked too much like her mother.

"Guards take Queen Cecile and look her in her rooms I do not want her anywhere near my daughter."

As the guards carted a screaming queen away Aidan watched in aw. He had never seen King Blaire so angry nor could he believe that the true princess was alive. He stared at her she was stunning possessing more beauty then he thought possible. When he had seen her bathing in the lake he had know she was beautiful but had he know she was this perfect he would have claimed her as his own right then. Even with all the confusion whirling around him he knew she was meant to be his and she would be. Again images of her moaning her pleasure beneath him assaulted him and had his manhood growing hard.

"Come let us go inside and begin to prepare to celebrate this miracle. Liliandra meet me in my rooms I wish to speak with you in private."

With that he was gone rushing inside and down through hall ways. As Liliandra looked back she saw the confused and troubled look on Cara's face. It worried her but Cara was smart and Aidan would help her adjust for now. So she followed Blaire down through the halls. As she came to the door to his chambers she knocked softly. She knew what this was about and couldn't wait to relive old times.

"Come in my dearest Lil it has been to long since we were together."

The minute Liliandra was through the door she was assaulted by the king's hands and mouth. She was barely able to close the door be fore he had her in his arms carrying her towards the adjoining bedroom his lips possessively claiming hers. 

"I have missed you my sweet Liliandra had you married me when my wife died this whole mess would never have happened. Now I plan to claim you as my own before you have a chance to run from me again."

His mouth continued to claim hers as he laid her on the bed and began removing her cloths piece by piece. She could hardly catch her breath it had been so long since she had last had sex that all she could do was moan in pleasure as his mouth began moving down her chest to her breasts. He then took one nipple into his mouth sucking it and swirling his tongue around it as his hand began pinching and pulling on its twin. Her hands grasped his head holding him to her as she screamed her delight when she cam hard just from the nipple play. Her body thrashed beneath him begging to be touched where it needed it most. He smiled to himself as he sat up and gazed down upon her glowing body. She glistened with a thin sheen of sweat, a flush had spread across her body and she still squirmed from the after shocks of her orgasm. He could barely contain him self when he saw the growing wetness that resided between her wide spread legs. As he descended on her now soaked pussy he inhaled deeply of her sweet smell and moved his head between her legs to her pussy. His tongue snaked out teasing her clit as he inserted a finger in to her moist center. She nearly screamed at the attention to her sensitive pussy clamping her legs around his head and grinding herself onto his egger mouth. Blaire then sucked her clit in to his mouth bringer her to the edge of another orgasm but moving away before she could cum.

"Please Blaire let me cum I'm so close please."

Blaire chuckled at her it had been some time since he had had her begging for his touch. He sat up removing the pants that he had forgotten to remove before kneeling between her wide spread legs and rubbing the head of his hard cock against her wet opening and thrusting his full nine inches into her with one hard push. She screamed out his single thrust enough to push her over the edge of her orgasm. She spasmed around his her pussy convulsing around his shaft attempting to milk the cum inside it out. He couldn't hold out the image of her writhing beneath him his cock buried to the hilt in her as she spasmed around him and the feeling of her pussy clutching at him forced him over the edge as he spilled him self deeply inside of her. 

Still deep inside of her he rolled her on top of him allowing her to collapse from her exhaustion on to his chest. He held her tightly to him as he felt her drift off into a deep sleep and couldn't help but smile at how great the day was turning out to be.