 Cara watched as the only person she knew in this castle rushed after the king with only a sudden glance back at her. A mixture of emotions over took her as she starred after Liliandra confused and overwhelmed she looked around at the entranceway of the castle in which she now stood. It was huge made entirely of a grey white stone that shined from the repeated polishing; the walls were covered in richly colored tapestries and line with elegant oil lamps. The floor beneath her feet was covered with a plush carpet that was colored a deep shade of red and trimmed with a bright gold. It was all too much for her and she found herself turning around preparing to run from this place and never return.

"Running away little princess? Is this all too much for you or are you just feeling guilty for lying about who you are." Bethany cackled as she mocked Cara. A hideously obscene grin spread across her face creating creases in the thick layer of makeup that covered her face.

"No I was not running away I wanted to get a good look at what is now my home. As for who I am I would never lie about that you see I have no need to hide who or what I am like you obviously do with all that makeup covering your face. Now if you'll excuse me I'd like to find out where I'm supposed to sleep in this place and maybe even find an area where I can train."

Aidan was astonished the meek woman that had him herself from him the entire way here had just put Bethany in her place. He had never meet anyone like her she was amazing in more ways then he could count.

"Cara wait I'll show you around I don't know where everything is but I know where you can train and I'm sure we can find out where your room is."

"Thank you Prince Aidan that is very kind of you"

Aidan Chuckled at her formality "please its just Aidan I've never liked using titles."

She was surprised she had been under the impression that all royalty preferred the use of their titles princess Bethany obviously did. She smiled to herself at how courteous Aidan seemed there was something about him that drew her to him. As he offered her his arm she took it and he began leading her through out the castle. Room by room they explored there was more luxury here then she had ever know existed. Everything was lavishly decorated and gave an air of a richness she had not expected yet it still seemed welcoming. As they approached another hall moans groans and the occasional scream could be heard Cara became worried and Aidan could feel her tensing as if readying herself for an attack. Surly she knew what those sounds meant but when he noticed her glancing back and forth as if looking for who ever was in distress he realized just how innocent she was.

"It's ok Cara I promise those are not sounds of pain but of pleasure and if I'm not wrong they are coming from the kings chambers."

"How can the woman making those sounds be in anything but pain we must help her."

"You'll have to ask Lady Liliandra about that I believe that is her considering she accompanied the king away from us. I'd love to show you how that can be sounds of pleasure but I don't believe I have the right to do so just yet and your father and Liliandra might be upset with me if I did"

The look on Cara's face showed her confusion and worry about what was happening in the room they stood by. He realized he would have to be a careful about he acted with her or he might scare her away. Offering his arm to her he ushered her down the hall and around the corner as the moans of what he could only assume to be a very satisfied woman began to die down and stop. The nearness of her and the softness of her hand on his arm were affecting him more then he wanted to show and he nearly gasped when he noticed the change in Cara's breathing and the red flush that had covered her chest and face.

"Ah there you are Prince Aidan and Princess Cara I was sent to show you to your rooms."

The sudden appearance of the servant had startled Cara causing her to stumble over her own feet and in to the arms of Prince Aidan. The ember that had been burning deep with in her as they walked suddenly turned into a raging inferno that threatened to overcome her at any moment. The look in his eyes showed her that he seemed to be feeling the same as she did. He pulled her closer to him pressing her against his body and as he did she felt the bulge in his pants move. Scared she pushed away from him unable to imagine what kind of monster he was she definitely needed to speak to Liliandra now.

"Thank you sir please could you take me to my rooms now I umm wish to be alone."

"As you wish Princess Cara if you will follow me I will take you to your chambers."

With that she was gone Aidan watched her as she practically ran to keep up with the servant the black wolf right behind her as she hurried too get away from him. It was then that he heard a soft chuckle behind him and a callused hand settled onto his shoulder.

"I believe you scared her Aidan never thought I'd see the day that you'd want a woman that didn't want you or at least one that was horrified when you showed the passion you held for her. Most ran in to your arms while you ran away."

"It's not funny Ronald I don't think she has a clue about what happens between a man and a woman. She ran when she felt my cock twitch I'm assuming she thinks I'm some kind of demon now."

"Come on Aidan I'll show you where you're going to be sleeping and if I'm correct it connects to the princess' room and has a great view of the training field."

"You shouldn't have told me that our rooms connected but ok lets go to it I need to change so I can go work out or something."

Cara looked around the room that she was to be staying in it was decorated with the rich colors of red and gold. The red silk drapes on the windows were trimmed in white lace and the chairs and tables that were arranged with in the room were all covered in plush velvet. She watched as the man that had lead her here opened the windows and started a fire in the fire place that sat against the far wall. It was then she noticed two doors one on either wall.

"Excuse me sir where do those two doors go and where is my bed or am I to sleep in a chair?"

"My dear princess those doors lead to your other rooms the one on your left goes to your bedroom and the one on your left goes to your bathroom. I'll have your maids come and prepare it for you to bathe if you'd like and please call me Jerome."

"My maids?"

"yes your highness your maids they are to help you bathe dress and assist you in what ever else you need no unless you still need me I must be going there are several changes of cloths in your room tat should fit you and I'll send your maids to prepare you for dinner later tonight."

"Oh thank you."

As Cara watched him leave she felt more alone then she ever had she didn't want to just sit here and wait till someone came and got her so she walked around what she assumed was the main room. It definitely was luxurious and looked very expensive. She was afraid to touch anything everything seemed so delicate and fragile. The couch and chairs were inviting and must have been comfy considering how quickly Shyam fell asleep after lying down on one and the empty bookcase seemed to beg to be filled with books. She ran her hand over the soft velvet chair next to her admiring the way it felt against her skin. As she walked around the room the large outwardly curved window let in the fading light from the setting sun bathing the room in its golden light. She set herself down on the cushions that lined the window and starred out onto a large court yard that was filled with young men being trained in the art of war. She laughed as they clumsily tried to use the swords in their hands this was quiet a show.

"I could teach those boys a thing or two about how to use those swords it's a good thing I brought my leathers with me huh Shyam."

Cara made her way to the adjoining room that she recognized to be her bedroom. The large canopy bed was covered in a satin blanket the color of blood and overstuffed pillows covered in pale gold fabric. The sheer ivory fabric of the canopy pooled on the floor around the bed and caused images of the prince Aidan to travel through her mind.

"What is wrong with me why can't I stop thinking about him he's a monster he's got to be what else would have what ever was in his pants. Oh well a good long work out will help me get him off my mind though."

As she removed her gown a leather halter top softened from use came in to view its dark color enhanced the paleness of her skin it lifted her large breasts high on her chest and left her toned stomach exposed. The ruby pendant still hung from its silver chain around her neck and nestled nicely into the cleft between her breasts. A pair of leather pants hugged her hips accentuating her luscious curves and allowing her the movement she would need in a fight. She gazed at her self in a mirror admiring herself and hoping someone would have a sword she could borrow then turned and began made her way out of her rooms and to the training fields Shyam by her side.

"Princess Cara it is an honor for you to be here in my training field but this is no place for a lady such as your self please allow me to escort you back to your rooms so you can change."

"Excuse me sir but I do not know you so please un hand me further more I came here to train now if you'll fetch me a sword I'll show you what it is a lady such as myself can do."

"As you wish my lady I am Sir Tristram Lyones you may use my sword her why don't you spar with Wendell here he's new so he won't challenge you to much."

"Hmm I think I'd rather fight you Sir Tristram and I'll use Wendell's sword "

She took Wendell's sword and took a defensive pose daring Tristram to fight her.

"My lady I can not fight a woman"

"Why are you afraid you'll lose?"

The obvious insult was more then he could take it was time someone taught the new princess her place he thought to himself as he lunged at her assuming shed be easily disarmed. She quickly ducked the blow and brought the sword around just inches from his neck.

"I believe I could have just killed you Good sir knight let us try this again."

He squared himself again and again lunged at Cara again missing but this time he expected her coming blow and countered it with one of his own. I was obvious to Cara that he relied on brute strength rather then agility and strength of mind as she did. It was also obvious that his strength was dangerous due to the possibility that with one blow from that sword he could cut her in half she would have to be careful where she stepped. As they fought a crowd began to gather to watch the skill that this girl possessed and bets were placed on who would win. Sir Tristram was obviously stronger but Cara was faster and could easily avoid his blows. The fight seemed to last hours and Tristram had tired too much and stumbled while trying to block Cara's sword and ended up with its tip touching his chest where hi heart was.

"Good fight Sir Tristram I must admit you challenged me more then I've been challenged in awhile. Thank you for the opportunity to spar with you I believe I'll be coming here often to train maybe you could help me improve my skills that fight was to close for my comfort you almost beat me."

"Your welcome your highness you are welcome to train here when ever you'd like I'd be honored have you training here beside my men and I"

He knelt before her his head lowered in respect for the girl that had just defeated him in a fight he would not soon forget. She had earned his respect and he would lay down his life for her she would be a much better leader then Princess Bethany who refused to even look at him believing him beneath her. This girl was the image of what a monarch should be in his mind.

"I must say Cara I had no idea you could fight so well if it were not so close to dinner and you weren't tired from the fight with the good knight here I'd spar with you myself."

"Prince Aidan what makes you think I'm tired if you wish to battle then come dinner can wait."

Aidan gazed at her as she readied herself for the attack to come his eyes caressing each curve of her body wishing he could touch her. He raised his sword charging forward in true warrior fashion hoping to catch her off guard with his ferocity. She stood there never flinching until he was almost upon her then rolling out of the way. He had expected it though and turned as she rolled bring his sword down as she came out of the roll but she was able to leap out of the way. She was fast no doubt about that but was she strong he changed tactics allowing her the opportunity to strike at him as steel met steel he realized her small body held more strength then he had first thought. Stroke multiple times each time he parried her meeting her stroke for stroke. They were a good match this would not be an easy fight for him to win.

"Your strong Prince Aidan but strength is not everything stop holding back on me give me all you got."

The teasing smile she gave him was meant to taunt him not arouse him but it worked both ways. She was quickly put back on the defensive and was quickly tiring from the multiple times she had narrowly escaped his sword. Her body ached as she watched him every muscle rippled and his dark hair glistened with sweat. He was perfect as far as she could tell but she was still unsure about him. What was he really and what the hell was living between his legs.

"Cara what are you doing out here your maids thought you had been kidnapped."

Liliandras familiar voice caught Cara off guard and she hesitated just long enough for Aidan to gain the upper hand coming from behind her wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her close while disarming her.

"I believe I have just won my dear Cara."

His voice made her melt and she turned to look at him his dark blue eyes sparkled as she looked in to them and she couldn't help but gasp at just how strikingly handsome he was. He took the opportunity and lifted her chin as his lips meet hers pouring all the passion and need he felt for her into that kiss. He felt her go weak in his arms and held her closer as she moaned softly into his mouth. When he pulled his lips from hers and looked down at her she still held her eyes closed her hands on his chest she opened her eyes and looked back at him as he smiled down at her.

"Aidan let her go and go bathe before dinner Cara come with me now I need to speak with you."

As she moved away from him she couldn't help but glance back at him what had he just done she was so confused and those strange feelings had returned again along with a fire in her heart.

"What do you think you were doing sparring with him you could have hurt him and why did you let him kiss you."

"Kiss me is that what that's called Liliandra I have so many questions please you must answer them. What are these weird feelings and warmth that I feel every time I'm near him why would a woman scream if she was being pleasured what kind of pleasure would cause that I'm so confused and is He a demon or is there just an animal living between his legs is it an extra leg?"

"Child slow down I see there is more to explain then I knew. Come your bath is ready I'll tell you while you are bathed and dressed."

As they two made their way into Cara's rooms the smell of roses reached their noses. The bathroom was full of steam from the hot water in the large claw foot tube at the center of the room. Three young ladies dressed in dark green dresses curtsied as they entered and then approached Cara and began undressinging her folding the leather pants and top before escorting her to and helping her into the large bath.

"Liliandra is this necessary will they always have to help me?"

"No my dear but for right now let them now about your questions I think its time I explained they ways of men and women since you are now in the mist of it. You see my dear there was not an animal in prince Aidan's pants that is his manhood which when he is aroused as he was by you if you felt it grows long and hard it can then be put into your womanhood. It's nothing to fear my dear it feels extremely good and I'm guessing you heard me screaming earlier."

"Yes at lets Aidan said he thought it might be you." 

"It was my dear you will see how good it feels to touch that part of yourself the small split between your legs and the little button at its top. As for the feelings you described you were aroused you wanted to have sex which what it is called when men and women join together. If you had touched your womanhood it would have been wet. Does that answer your questions?"

"Sort of I guess I'll have to figure it all out later."

The maids had brought a large towel for her and helped her out of the bath tube and wrapped it around her. 

"Very well I must go change now for tonight's meal relax someone will fetch you when its time and if you have anymore questions please come to me."

As she left the maids had started dressing her helping her into a pair of white lace panties and a white corset with pale green embroidery covering it. They tied it tight causing her breasts to be lifted high on her chest and her soft curves to be flattened. They then pulled a deep emerald green gown on to her; the rich color played against her dark hair and deep grey eyes her curly hair was pinned back with combs that were decorated with emeralds and powder was applied to her face and chest. Dark coal was applied to her eyes making her look like a different person. As she stared at her self in the mirror she didn't believe it was her she looked gorgeous not overly done but with just enough to enhance the beauty she already possessed.

"Thank you ladies I didn't know I could be so beautiful."

"Your welcome your highness it was a pleasure you are already very beautiful so our job was simple."

There was a knock at the door and Cara stood to answer it as the maids cleaned up the bathroom. As she opened the door her heart seemed to soar there before her stood Prince Aidan his eyes locked on her and a large grin spread across his handsome face.

"I figured since my room is right next to yours I'd escort you down to dinner Cara if that's ok with you?"

"Of course its ok you look nice I must say you clean up well."

"I could say the same about you although I must admit I think I prefer you in the leather armor you wore earlier."

The blush that began to spread across her face became her causing her to look even more lovely. Aidan offered her his arm and when she took it he began escorting her down to dinner. She couldn't help but watch him as he walked beside her he was so tall and handsome and after what Liliandra had told her she couldn't help but blush realizing that once again the a warmth was spreading through her body causing her to become wet between her legs. She could feel the panties she wore rubbing against her there as she walked the pleasure sending chills through her body making her breathing become shallow. She moaned a little as they walked down a long set of stairs that had her panties rubbing harder.

"Are you ok Cara if you're sick I'll take you back to your room so you can rest."

"I'm fine just umm well never mind I'll be ok once we get to dinner it's been a long day."

"Ok but at anytime you feel sick tell me I'll take you back."

They continued down the stairs and down a hall to a large room that was filled with many long tables full of people. Everyone seemed to stop and look at her as she entered the attention again causing her to blush as she walked beside Aidan. She squeezed his arm a little tighter as they made there was to a table that faced out towards all the others. There sat the man that was her father directly at the center in a gilded chair that was slightly higher then the others, to his right sat Liliandra and beside her the princess Bethany. On his other side were two empty chairs Aidan ushered her to the one directly beside her father and as she sat in it her father smiled at her he seemed so over joyed to see her but all she could manage was a small polite smile. Still over whelmed from the day's events she felt awkward as she sat there all eyes seemed to be on her and it scared her so she sat starring at the table. When Aidan sat beside her she was relieved that at least she had someone she could talk with beside her but at the same time the heat with in her blazed even higher as she felt his hand come to rest on her leg.
