 Aidan watched from his balcony as his guard raced towards his father's kingdom with his message. He saw another rider galloping towards the castle, it was Cara on her golden mare and farther behind her was a carriage pulled by two white horses and surrounded by guards. He watched Cara for a second longer before turning to dress himself and find Liliandra and King Blaire who he assumed were both in the king's room. Pulling on a button down shirt he left his rooms and headed down the hall towards the king's chambers. When he reached the king's door he knocked loudly hoping that the two people inside would hear it over the arguing he heard.

"I thought I said I wanted no disturbances from anyone tonight who the hell is it?"

"Your highness its Aidan I need to see you, there is a group of people headed this way and I'm not sure if they are a threat."

King Blaire opened the door behind him stood Liliandra wearing a long silk robe that she clutched tightly closed. Both looked angry and worried as to who was approaching the castle.

"Your highness a carriage surrounded by guards is approaching Cara must have gone out for a late night ride and meet them because she was riding here ahead of them."

Liliandra chuckled stepping away from the two towards the large window on the far wall. Gazing out to the road she did not see Cara but she did see the group Aidan had spoken of. Had she not been able to make out any detail of the carriage and people with in it she still would have known who it was.

"Aidan there is no need for concern but we must prepare to meet our guests immediately. The two people inside of the carriage are my mother and father King Caunidhrenon and Queen Faelwen of the Elves. You are wise to fear them Aidan but they mean us no harm. They only wish to meet their granddaughter whom they have not seen since she was born."

"So why was Cara running from them?"

"I'm sure she is coming to inform us of their arrival. Now go dress your self."

Liliandra turned and closed the door on him then. He starred at it for a while stunned at what he had just heard. Sighing softly he turned to go back to his rooms and dress in more then just his pants and shirt that he wore when he heard Cara calling out behind him.

"Aidan where are Liliandra and my father I must tell them that..."

"They already know Cara now let's go get dressed to greet your grandparents."

She starred at him in shock at the statement he made how did any of them know who was coming. Aidan smiled and chuckled before taking her by the hand walking with her back to her rooms so she could change into something more then the silk shift she now wore. He left her at her rooms retreating to his own and dressed in a pair of deep blue pants and buttoning the white shirt he still wore. He glanced out the window and watched as the group of people made their way towards the castle. Pulling on his best shoes and jacket he went to leave his rooms to retrieve Cara. Pulling his door open he saw her standing there her hand raised like she was about to knock when he opened the door. She looked surprised not bothering to put her hand down as she starred at him as he laughed at her. Her face was priceless a mixture of surprise and shock that was so comical he couldn't help but laugh.

"What's so funny Aidan and you better not say me."

"Sorry Cara but you are; your face when I opened that door was priceless."

"We'll see who's laughing at who when I whip your butt in a duel."

"If I'm not mistaken Cara I already beat you once."

"I got distracted and you know that"

"Excuses excuses I still won but if you wish I'll duel you again in the morning."

She refused his arm when he offered it instead choosing to walk in front of him. The soft cream colored dress she now wore flowing around her as she walked down the hall to the stairs that led to the main entrance. The color bringing out a rich red in her hair and made her skin appear flushed. It clung to her body showing off her soft curves. When she reached the stairs she glanced back at him annoyance written all over her face. Waiting for him to catch up with her Cara glanced over him the pants he wore were the richest blue color she had ever seen and were just tight enough for her to watch the muscles in his legs ripple as he walked. His dark hair had been combed back away from his face and his eyes sparkled with mischief as he watched her. She was still annoyed with him when he reached her and again he offered his arm to her but she took it this time. Deciding she'd wipe that triumphant grin off his face in the morning in the training ring.

Liliandra watched the young couple walk down the stairs her eyes focused mainly on Cara. She seemed so young and yet there was so much that was about to happen, the attack that day had only been a taste of what was to come for the girl. The fact that her parents were now there was fortunate she just hoped they wouldn't be upset that Cara and Aidan were getting so close to one another and that Aidan had proposed. She remembered the anger her parents had felt towards her sister when she had decided to marry Blaire. They had sworn to never see her again and had kept that promise until Cara was born. Liliandra knew though that they still hated Blaire and blamed him for what had happened to her sister and to Cara. 

"You look lovely my daughter just like your mother did when she wore that dress."

"This was my mother's dress?"

"Yes it was one of her favorites. She wore it when she had this portrait painted."

He motioned towards a large painting of an eleven woman. Her dark reddish brown hair falling to her hips in silken sheets. She had deep green eyes that seemed to stare at Cara as she looked at the painting. The cream colored dress she wore was the same as the one Cara now wore and she wore the silver ruby pendant that now hung from Cara's neck. She raised her hand touching the pendant around her neck and the ruby's smooth surface seemed to grow warmer. She felt bathed in comforting warmth from head to toe and could almost hear a woman's voice singing to her.

"She was beautiful father and she has your eyes Liliandra if not for the darker complexion and hair you two could have been twins."

"Yes we could have Cara but you have her spirit she was fierce like our mother and so are you."

"She was like me wasn't she Liliandra my dear daughter just like you are like your father in spirit."

They all turned then to see the man and woman Cara had meet standing in the door way. Liliandra walked to them hugging each before turning back to Cara and the others her face suddenly seemed worn and tired. Cara could sense something was wrong with Liliandra but couldn't tell what or why she seemed upset now. Her father bowed before the Elvin monarchs offering his hand to them both but neither seemed willing to even look at him.

"King Caunidhrenon Queen Faelwen it has been a very long time since I last had the honor of seeing you I hope your trip was pleasant."

"It was Blaire thank you my husband and I wish only that we had received an invitation here when you learned that our granddaughter still lived but we received one from Liliandra instead. Why is it you did not send one yourself Blaire?"

"The joy of having my daughter returned to me must have clouded my judgment your highness."

Aidan stood stunned he had never seen Blaire cower from anyone so why was he acting like a dog that had just gone to the bathroom on the floor in front of these two. 

"It must have, do not let it happen again. Although we are happy to have our granddaughter alive it still does not please us who her father is but it was our daughter that picked you not us. Now Cara we have a question for you."

"What is it?"

"We need to know if you will be staying here or returning with us and your aunt to our kingdom. If you chose to stay we will honor your decision and be loyal allies to you but I would prefer it if you returned with us. You have until we leave to decide."

"Wait mother you just got here and already you want her to decide if she will be leaving with us?"

"Your leaving with them Liliandra."

"Sorry Cara but since your mother died I'm the only living heir to the throne. I must leave but, we will talk latter about this I promise."

"I can't do this anymore its all too much first I find out I'm a princess, then I get attacked by my father's wife's guards now I find out your leaving me. It hasn't even been a week since you said I had to come here. I never wanted to be a princess and now that I am my life has gone to hell."

Tears streaming down her face and Cara ran through the open doors. It all seemed like a nightmare that just wouldn't end. Aidan tried to follow her; to comfort her but even if Liliandra had not stopped him he wouldn't have been able to catch her so he watched her run straight for the forest Shyam trailing behind her.

"Let her go Aidan she needs a moment alone with her thoughts."

"She needs me though Liliandra I need to help her." 

"Liliandra is right Prince Aidan she needs time alone to think. I will go after her in a while to talk to her. Liliandra you will go with me since this is mostly your fault."

"Yes mother"

"Now Blaire please show my husband the way to our rooms and, Aidan go wait in Cara's rooms she'll want to see you when we bring her back."

"Follow me Caunidhrenon I'll show you to your chambers."

"Thank you Blaire lets let the ladies talk, Aidan my boy why don't you come with us for a bit."

"Yes sir."

Mother and daughter watched as the three men walked away. Liliandra felt horribly guilty for all she had done to Cara. She had tried to protect her from being hurt instead she had caused her pain. Looking up at the painting of her sister she silently begged her for forgiveness for what she had done. Tears fell from her eyes for the first time in centuries as she reached for Cara's mind finding only pain and hurt when she did. She felt her mother's soft hand on her shoulder and looked into her eyes. With out a word to each other they turned and walked towards the forest where Cara had disappeared.

Cara sat on a tree stump in the center of a large clearing Shyam dutifully watching over her. Tears still fell from her eyes, but she now seemed less distressed. She knew where she was but it looked nothing like she had remembered. The enormous tree in which she and Liliandra had lived was gone; all that remained of it was the stump on which she now sat. The forest its self seemed dead around her, the crickets didn't even sing their lullaby to her as they once had. It had only been a couple days and yet it seemed like everything that had once been a part of her was now gone. A sound from the few remaining trees around her brought her back to reality. Shyam stood before her growling his hair standing on end and his large white teeth bared. Another sound this time from behind her caught her attention. There suddenly seemed to be many eyes starring at her from the bushes and trees. She was surrounded by something or someone and she had no weapons with which she could protect herself. A high pitched laugh directly behind her caught her attention and she spun around to face her foe. 

"Little princess I must say you are a tough one to kill but I think that this time I will succeed."

"Cecile what are you doing here?"

The short woman that stood before her grinned at her as a ring of men began closing in around them. It was hard to believe that this was the woman her father had chosen to marry when her mother had died. She must have been pretty long ago, the softness to her face and her well proportioned body hinted at a long past beauty. Evil and hatred had tainted her beauty though giving her the appearance of an old hag.

"My dear Cara you are so naive I'm here to kill you like I should have done all those years ago. Then after I murder your stupid father my beautiful daughter will marry Prince Aidan and be queen. You are nothing more then a half-breed not fit to even clean my shoes. You sicken me Cara just as your mother sickened me. I should have been the first and only woman to marry your father but she got to him first. Had my parents not married me off to my stupid dead husband I would have killed her myself before she ever became pregnant with you. So after my daughter was born I poisoned her while you were still with in her. She went in to labor and died soon after you were born. I just wish you had died with her like I had planned. The stupid old medicine woman lied though so you lived. I killed her and courted your father. He was nothing more then a shell of a man after your mother's death perfect for me to wrap around my little finger. He fell fast for the sweet grieving widow who seemed to know exactly how he felt, and when he married me I began plotting your death. You would have been dead years ago when I left you by the forest the wolves would have had a great meal had Liliandra not interfered. Stupid Elves always ruining my plans but now you will die. Like my mother always said third times a charm. Gentlemen if you will please kill the princess and do what you will with her once she's dead."

Cecile walked away and the eight men that surrounded Cara stood ready to attack and kill her. Shyam paced around Cara ready to kill any who tried to hurt her, his teeth bared at any that took a step towards her. Cara was horrified she'd never been so defenseless before in her life and now she and Shyam were going to die. A single tear traveled down her cheek as she stood facing what was certain death for her closest companion. The large black wolf stood bravely before her ready to fight for her and give his life if he had to.

"Ok well if I have to die I will not go out with out a fight. Shyam my friend I love you now let's fight we can at least take a few of these cowards out with us."

A soft growl from Shyam told her he was ready, taking a defensive pose she signaled for the closest man to her to take his best shot. When he did Shyam jumped at him, powerful jaws latched on to his throat tearing it from his body. The distraction gave the other men enough time to pounce on Shyam and five of them stabbed him again and again with the long swords they held. Cara's scream could be heard through out the forest as she watched her beloved wolf fall before her eyes blood pouring from the numerous wounds that covered his body. She rushed forward pure rage filling her as she used the sword of the man Shyam had killed to battle the men that had killed Shyam. The men slashed at her one managing it cut her arm, another cutting the dress she wore and into her thigh. A strange red light seemed to form around her as blood poured from her wounds, and it flared and moved like a flame around her as she glared at the men. She renewed her attack on the men that had attacked her. She poured her rage into her attacks never once backing down or taking defensive tactics. The more she fought the brighter the aura got, seemingly being fed by her anger and hatred for the evil men that stood around her. Fear could be seen in the men's eyes as they fought her, and one by one the last seven men fell before her until three remained alive. The red aura around her had grown immensely and an unseen wind blew her hair out around her as she approached the three survivors. She turned her gaze landing on the form of Shyam who was struggling for life as he lost more and more blood. He was still alive. Flames suddenly erupted from the sword she held and from her hands. As they watched the young women before them surrounded by fire all three men suddenly thought the same thought. 

"Hell has no furry like a woman scorned. I must say I now know the true meaning of that phrase."

"Hush you insolent pig I shall not here you speak a word now or ever. Now die for what you have done."

Raising the sword above her head she brought it down before her the flames jumping to the ground climbing the legs of her attackers burning them alive. Their screams of pain fell on deaf ears as she watched with out any emotion as they fell to the ground begging for mercy. She heard a soft bark and turned sword held before her ready to attack until she saw Shyam. He was almost gone the ground around him soaked with his blood, and his eyes held tightly shut as he struggled for breath. Cara dropped the sword as her world came crashing down around her. The realization of everything that had just happened and everything she had done hitting her like a brick. She rushed to him tears falling from her eyes in an endless river. She held him as sobs raked her body and tears fell on to his soft black fur.

"Please you can't die oh please Shyam you can't, your all I have. You can't die you just can't."

She felt a sorrow she had never felt before and at the same time a great peace fell over her. Looking up she saw the soft golden light that was now surrounding her. It filled her with comfort and she felt compelled to try to focus all of the peace and comfort she now felt on Shyam. Placing her hand on him she concentrated trying her best to send all the peace and comfort she felt to him hoping that maybe it would heal him. The tears she had shed only a moment ago stopped falling as she starred at her hands. The golden glow that had surrounded her seemed to have concentrated there and as she watched the deep wounds that covered Shyam's body began to close before her eyes. She felt energy draining from her body going into his and pulled back from him as she felt like she was going to black out. She watched as the glow around her faded and Shyam opened his eyes. He still seemed immensely drained and weak but he was alive and, that was all that mattered to Cara. Blackness consumed her then as she fell to the ground.