 Ok so this is with a new editor and I'm only submitting it because there have been so many requests. If you still don't like how I write sorry but this is what you get there are worse I've read them so read it or don't it's up to you.

*

It had been half an hour since Cara had run off, but it seemed like an eternity to Aidan; an eternity that he had spent pacing. All he could do was think of how much danger she might be in, and how she needed him with her to protect and comfort her. Her father and grand father seemed unconcerned that she was alone in the forest; they never even seemed aware that he was there. The dim candle light played across the two men's faces making the creases around their eyes and mouths deeper, and gave their faces a sinister edge. They had spent the time talking of Cara and her future as if she were some kind of object that could be bought. Aidan may not have realized it but not only were the men speaking of Cara but they were watching him. His incessant pacing in front of the window made it very clear that he was not happy that he had been sent up to King Blaire's study with the two men instead of being out in the forest with Cara. Blaire and Caunidhrenon had been sure to sit near the door to prevent Aidan from leaving and going to Cara. Had he gone to her he would have preventing Liliandra and Faelwen from doing what ever they had planned. They both knew that what ever it was the two women were going to do needed to be done and having a head strong young man who was madly in love with Cara there would not help them. 

"Aidan will you sit please I promise that Lil and Queen Faelwen will bring Cara back here safely, there is no need for you to pace like you are."

"He's right young man my wife and daughter will make sure no harm comes to Cara; they are both very capable women."

"How can I stop when the women that I love is out there by herself in the middle of a forest filled with wolves and other evil creatures."

"Please sit Aidan for no better reason then to humor an old man such as myself." Blaire said with a worried look at Aidan

Aidan sighed and sat in the closest chair to him luckily he could still see out the window to where Cara had run concern clearly etched across his face. 

Ronald came in to the room carrying a tray with four large mugs of hot tea. He handed both kings and Aidan a mug before settling himself into the chair across from Aidan. He was worried he'd never seen Aidan like this even in the many battles he had fought beside the prince in he'd never seen his prince so upset. 

"She's run away Ronald, she's gone and they won't let me go find her." 

He glared at the two kings as he spoke his worry and concern turning to anger at the two men that would not let him leave and find her. Ronald chuckled he now understood why Aidan was so upset; it's funny what the love of a pretty girl does to a boy. Shaking his head he swallowed the last of his tea and stood walked over to the chair in which Aidan sat and pulled the boy up.

" Sitting in here isn't going to help you son lets go to the training ring and spare a little it'll help you take your mind off the girl; plus I'm sure she'll come back that girl's crazy about you."

"Sparing won't help me Ronald."

"You know he might be right Aidan plus I'd like to see just how good you are I heard you beat Cara and if she's any thing like her mother and Liliandra with a sword then you can't be half bad."

"He beat my granddaughter in a sword fight?"

"Yes your majesty I did it's been a few days but I was only able to do so because Liliandra distracted her."

"Even still it takes skill to defeat even a distracted elf in a fight you must have talent; come let us all go and have a little fun."

The old elf cracked a smile at the thought of fighting; it had been many years since he had last held a sword. Not since he had fought his dear Faelwen to win her hand, using instead his magic when he needed to fight. He still remembered her fury at being beaten by him, the glare she had given him that promised suffering as she lay with his sword at her neck. She had always had such spirit, a fire with in her that even he her mate could not describe. She had passed that fire on to her daughters and her daughter had passed it on to Cara; so the fact that this human had beaten her even in a moment of distraction was amazing. He hoped to test the boy's skills himself and if he was as good as the others claimed maybe he was more then human. The last thing Cara needed was a useless human that could not protect her as a mate and if he was more then maybe he and Faelwen could accept him if he was not then Cara would not be permitted to take him as anything more then a lover if that.

As the four entered the arena they were met by the complete and ghostly silence that was made worse by the complete darkness that even the many torches that were lit around the arena could not pierce. Caunidhrenon's sharp eyes could make out shadows in the darkness around the arena that moved quickly and silently. Had he not been an elf he would not have noticed them as it was he still saw them when it was too late. The two double doors behind the slammed shut cutting them off from any escape; what ever or who ever were in here did not want them to leave.

"Celeb Galad!" Caunidhrenon yelled lifting his staff high above his head before slamming it back to the ground releasing a light so bright that nothing could have hidden. It touched every corner of the arena seeking out any places where darkness could hide. As it spread through out the arena twelve men were revealed to them each in black armor carrying long blue swords that looked sharp enough to cut through solid stone. One stepped forward his dark eyes dancing with excitement as he looked each of them over before his eyes settled on Caunidhrenon.

"Well I see there is an elfin mage with you what a surprise had we expected that we would have come better prepared." He chuckled deep in his throat his mouth twisting in to a sinister smirk. "No matter we will kill you all just the same and then our queen will be free to rule as she pleases."

"You think killing me will give who ever your queen is power you think wrong. My daughter shall rule before any other does she is next in line to the thrown." Blaire's eyes flared with rage who dare threaten his kingdom and himself who was this woman who wanted him dead.

"Even if your dear sweet daughter wasn't about to die king Blaire the thrown would still pass first to your dear wife who might I add paid me handsomely to make sure that you and your daughter suffered before you die."

The warriors began to advance slowly on the four men taking their time walking towards them, the light from Caunidhrenon's spell dancing on their swords. Aidan, Blaire, Ronald, and Caunidhrenon were surrounded none of them had a weapon except Caunidhrenon who could use his magic to defend them when needed. That's when they saw her standing on a ledge above them her long grey hair flowing around her, the black skin tight dress hugging her every curve as she watched in amusement as the man she had once claimed to love was about to be murdered so that she and her daughter could rule his kingdom.

"Cecile I knew I should have had you executed how did you escape the tower I put you in?"

"My dearest Blaire you should have know my loyal knights would rescue me from the hell you caused me. If you had been smart you would have never made that stupid little half breed heir to your throne, we'd still be happy had you left my daughter as heir."

"Enough of this stupid woman I have heard more then I care to listen to from your arrogant mouth. Din Lambe!" Swirling his staff around in an intricate pattern as he spoke Caunidhrenon cast his spell and watched as Cecile's words lost their sound even though she still spoke.

"Astalado Megil!" As he spoke again four swords of pure light appeared before each man, they seemed to pulse with power as they waited to be taken by the men.

As Aidan touched the sword before him it transformed from light to steel the double edged blade glowed a bright gold and set into the hilt was a large green jewel. The others each grabbed the swords before them and each sword changed to fit what best suited the man holding it. Blaire held a broad sword that glowed deep blue, Ronald's sword had become a long sword the color of fire and Caunidhrenon's was a falchion that glowed deep purple and held a black stone in its hilt. The men that surrounded them were taken a back never had they seen such a thing happen before; in the end their distraction would be their down fall. Aidan was the first to act plunging his sword straight through the chest of the man closest to him, the blood pouring from around the wound that the sword had inflicted. This brought the others out of their distracted state and the battle began with Cecile silently watching from above. They fought hard until only six men remained that was when they heard it; a bone rattling scream filling the arena causing everyman there to stop and listen. Cecile smiled the scream had broken the silence spell on her allowing her to once again speak and what she had to say was the last thing Aidan wanted to hear.

"That would be your dear princess dieing it took longer than I thought it would but it is done now all that is left is for the four of you too die and the kingdom will be mine."

"No she's not dead you evil witch she's not she can't be."

Aidan rushed at the man in front of him killing him with a single blow before slicing the head from another. He moved faster and with more strength then anyone least of all Caunidhrenon could believe. They could do nothing but watch as Aidan killed the remaining six men and ran at the door shattering it to pieces with a single push.

"Its too late dear prince give up I'm sure Bethany will want you back if you beg hard enough."

Her cackle could be heard through the halls of the castle as Aidan ran to where he heard the scream come from. His anger showed on his face as he ran; Caunidhrenon, Blaire and Ronald behind him could almost feel his rage. As he burst through the doors he saw Liliandra and Faelwen in front of him running towards the forest where Cara had disappeared to. None of them knew what they would find but they all hoped that it wouldn't be Cara's dead body.

As they entered the forest they could hear sounds of a battle and the closer they got the louder it became. When they reached the spot where Liliandra had raised Cara they were greeted by blood, broken bodies and Cara surrounded by flame as she brought her sword down sending flames towards the last living men. Aidan tried to go to her but was held back by Faelwen her hand firmly placed on his shoulder.

"Now is not the time to approach her unless you would like to die by her hand."

He listened to her even though his heart still screamed at him to go to Cara and comfort her. He watched as the flames surrounding her disappeared, she dropped her sword and walked to a large furry lump on the ground that was surrounded by blood. Liliandra gasped as she watched gold light surround Cara as she healed the wolf that lay dieing before her and fainted.

"That settles it Blaire she must come with us if only for training so she can learn to control her power. She's too strong to be left here to learn on her own and possibly hurt someone she's must be taught you must understand that." Faelwen looked concerned and worried, never in her life had she seen such power be used. Cara had to be trained there was no other way; it would be her choice if she returned to her father once she had been trained but she would not allow her to stay her and possibly hurt someone.

"Your right Faelwen I can not argue but let us wait until after she is awake and we are sure she is well before you leave with her."

"Agreed we shall wait."

"Wait how can you just decide for her doesn't she get a say in this."

"Aidan you are a strong young man I saw that myself tonight in the arena but you must be able to see how dangerous she would be if left here with out training. She's too powerful to be left to learn on her own this is for everyone's safety including yours. She will stay with us until she is trained and we see that she is able to control herself once that happens she will be free to return her if she so chooses."

"Fine" Aidan walked to her then lifting her limp body off the ground and out of the puddle of blood she had fallen in. Shyam stood and followed as Aidan began walking back to the castle with Cara in his arms. He could not help but think that her leaving also meant she was leaving him and that after this she might not want him.