 All characters that have sex are above the age of 18. 

Warning: Incest doesn't happen in this story, but this is a follow up to a three part incest story I previously wrote. This story does however involve dubious consent with an AI, so if that bothers you, I'm sorry.

*****

Year: 2050

David, my brother, had his car drive us to my doctor's appointment. It had been quite a wild weekend for us. I'd had a crush on David for a long time. I know that he's my brother, and that I shouldn't, but he was just so handsome. I loved it when he would visit and I would listen to him jacking off in his room. All the while hoping he was thinking of me. I let him catch me coming out of the shower, wearing nothing but a towel. The towel barely covered my pussy, and if he paid attention, he definitely could've caught glimpses of it. Those days, I was almost certain he thought of me. Then this weekend, I jumped him in the car. Turns out, he felt the same for me, and we made out before fucking on the interstate. Autopilot cars were a wonderful invention! The weekend only got more wild from there. David's other sister also joined us at his dorm, and we made passionate love with her too. 

Anyways, here we were at the doctor's office. Pictures of beautiful men and women were in the windows, and the doorway read 'Lusty Robotics'. A bit odd for a doctor's office, but I decided not to question it. A beautiful woman greeted us at the door and led us to the receptionist desk. I walked through the doors with my brother and sister. When we got to the receptionist's desk, David gave his information. Which I thought was odd. If it was my appointment, shouldn't it be my information? Regardless, the receptionist typed away, and then told David he was all set and thanked him for his service. 

David embraced me and pressed his lips to mine. Our tongues touched for the briefest of moments and then we separated. It wasn't the kind of kiss a brother gives a sister, but nobody here knew we were related, so no harm done. Likewise, my sister held me in an embrace for several long seconds. It felt warm, and our breasts pushed against each other. "See you soon," David said. 

"I can't wait to do this again," I told them. This felt strangely final for a doctor's appointment, but again, I didn't question it as the receptionist led me to the doctor's office. It was the same as any other doctor's office, with a patient bed that had sanitation paper. Medical equipment and supplies were on the counters. Anatomical charts were on the walls. 

"The doctor will be with you in a minute." The receptionist closed the door behind her as she walked away. Judging from the lobby, for a moment, I had doubted that this was a doctor's office, but sure enough, here it was. At least this room was normal. What kind of name was 'Lusty Robotics' for a doctor's office? It was so glaring, but something in the back of my head reassured me that it wasn't worth questioning further. 

A man in his late thirties walked into the room. He had a white lab coat on with a stethoscope around his neck. In his hands was a datapad. "Alexis?"

I stood to greet him. "Yes!"

"I'm Dr. Glenn." He tapped his datapad. "What were you in here for today?"

"I'm here for—you know, I'm not actually sure. My brother told me I was supposed to come here three days ago, but I'm really not sure why." It wasn't like me to mindlessly listen to my brother to go somewhere, even less so for a doctor appointment. Things were getting weird.

He tapped his datapad again. "That's quite alright. Now tell me, how has your sex life been lately?"

Memories of fucking my brother and sister flashed through my mind. Every orgasm we had together was still new and fresh. Normally I would never tell anybody about my incestuous adventures. People were more progressive now than in the past, but even in the year 2050, having a threesome with your siblings was a bit much. However, that same voice that assured me not to question this doctor's office told me that I felt I could trust this doctor. Maybe it was because he was my doctor. Maybe it was because he was so handsome. I wasn't sure. Since coming in this building, I certainly seemed to be unsure of a lot of things. I'm not normally like this. "I fucked my brother this weekend."

He barely had a reaction, and only tapped his pad. Not the reaction I had expected, but then he was a doctor. They weren't supposed to judge, and I'm sure he's heard wilder stories. 

"And my sister!" The words came out of my mouth before I could give a second thought to them. 

"Your sister?" 

I nodded. "Yeah, turns out, I have a sister. She looks just like me and even has my name!"

"Interesting. She was also named Alexis?"

"Yeah! What are the odds we would look just alike, and have the same name?!"

"Pretty slim," the doctor said. "So, you sister. Did she taste like you?"

"Doesn't seem to be a doctor question," I said. "But yes. She did!" 

"Good, good." He made more notes on his pad. "Did you enjoy these experiences?" 

"Oh yes!" I exclaimed. "I had been waiting to fuck my brother for who knows when. My identical sister was a nice surprise, but she was incredible. She knew every place that I would enjoy." 

"Very interesting," Glenn said. The bulge in his pants suggested that he was very interested indeed. I blushed when I noticed it, but chose not to bring it up. He asked very intimate questions that had nothing to do with my health, and frankly seemed unprofessional for a doctor. He wanted to know the sex positions that we did, how my sister felt to me. We truly were identical down to every last mole and freckle, except her pussy was shaved while I had just the slightest stubble. He asked my sister's reaction to us, and I told him exactly as I remembered it. She came over, and showed us naked pictures of David's brother, who would by extension also be my brother. I never met that brother. The doctor seemed especially interested when I told him that, but unfortunately I couldn't give more information on David's mystery twin. He asked for more detail, but my memory was a bit fuzzy for that portion. Then next thing I know, David is making out with his other sister, and that was the start of the first of many threesomes between us. Even as I found the questioning invasive and inappropriate, I answered him for reasons I didn't know yet. 

Glenn made more notes on his pad and told me to take my top off. A reasonable request from a doctor, but after his invasive questioning, I was suspicious. Still, I pulled my shirt over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra, since hardly anybody did anymore. My pink nipples were stiff and not just from the new cold air. Thinking back to my brother and sister had made me horny. 

"Very nice." Dr. Glenn's eyes went wide as he made no attempt to mask his lust for my breasts. I'd had enough sex to know when a man is watching with lust, and this doctor certainly was. Dr. Glenn reached up to cup my breasts, and his hands felt so good. They felt far better than they should on my sensitive flesh, and I bit my lip. A tingling sensation went through my chest and down to my pussy. He tapped something on the pad and it felt even better. My muscles tensed and I fought not to show arousal. When he pinched a nipple, I let a soft moan slip out. "Perfectly normal reaction."

Before I could stop him, he leaned forward to kiss and then lick my left nipple. A louder moan came out that time. "Oh, doctor!"

He then did the same to my right one. "Delicious tits," he said before noting it on his pad. 

"Wh-what kind of doctor are you?"

"I have a phD in Computer Science," Dr. Glenn said. "Now, drop your skirt and panties. If you're wearing panties that is. I want you butt naked."

"What?!" What's a phD doing giving me an exam? Hell, we both knew this wasn't an exam at this point, but more importantly, why was I still listening to him? Before I could even fully question it, I was standing completely naked in front of him. I put my hands in front of my sex to shield my privacy. This backfired horribly. 

"Good, rub yourself." 

"No." Yet I was doing it anyway. Against my will, my middle finger rubbed my throbbing clit. It felt so good, but I needed to stop. This wasn't right! I was already soaking wet, and I rubbed faster. Soft moans escape my lips despite my best efforts, and my nipples hardened even more. Pleasure pulsed through my body and it was getting hard to stand. 

"You can sit on the bed if it makes it easier for you."

I did so, and it was more comfortable. I spread my legs and played with my pussy. This gave Glenn an amazing view, which he was clearly enjoying. The fact that I was doing so perplexed me. "Why are you here?"

"This is my office. And you are my patient."

I let out a loud moan and I reached up to massage my own breast. Fuck it felt good! "No, you're a phD."

"And you're a machine." 

"What? Oh-ohhhh." I orgasmed right there on the bed in front of him. Pleasure exploded out from my pussy. Paper on the bed crinkled as I writhed in pleasure before him. It fogged my mind from what he'd just said, but not quite enough to make me forget completely. "I-I'm not a machine."

"And yet you can't find it in yourself to disobey me." Dr. Glenn got closer and stuck his finger in my wet pussy. It slid right in with the natural lubrication and I let myself enjoy his finger exploring my walls. "Nothing here makes sense for a medical doctor office - the signs outside, the way the receptionist took information, the fact that you don't even know why you're here. And yet you came here anyway. Know why?"

I moaned as he rubbed my clitoris. "No, why?"

"Because you're not programmed to." Glenn withdrew his fingers and tasted my fluid. "I should know, I designed you." 

"Impossible. No, ahh!" Another finger dipped into my asshole. 

"Gotta make sure everything is in working order. Quality assurance, gotta love it. Still nice and tight, very good." Glenn pushed into my asshole more while he massaged my clit. "You really didn't think it strange when you suddenly had a sister like you in every way? She was the one David had you modelled after. That's another thing you're programmed not to question."

"Why?" Tears rolled down my face. It couldn't be real, but this was making far too much sense to not be the case.

"Because David wanted to fuck his sister without her knowing." Glenn removed his hand from my sex and licked his fingers. "Not my place to judge. I'd make a lot less money if I did. My whole business model is let guys fuck girls they can't."

"Do you make men too?"

Glenn nodded. "Yes, you're thinking of David's brother? Yes, that was a bot as well. David has no secret twin. Man, when he was renting you out, it was so hard not to tell him that his sister hired a bot of him last year. They should just fuck each other for real, but according to you, they did. Good for them." 

Everything he said was adding up. One thing left was, "Why are you doing this to me?"

"Officially, it's quality assurance. If I'm renting out machines, then I have to make sure they can stand up to the job. I'd be lying if I said this wasn't a huge perk, and I do it because you're fine as fuck. Now, on your knees. I need to make sure that pretty mouth of yours works." Glenn dropped his pants to reveal his fully hard cock. 

My body obeyed without consulting my mind, and he shoved his cock into my mouth. My lips wrapped around his stiff organ and my tongue swirled around his veins. He let me start slow, but he grabbed my ears and fucked my face. His cock head rammed the back of my throat. He treated me like an object, and if he was right, then I truly was. I reached up to massage his balls, and I could feel him getting harder in my mouth. Salty precum dripped onto my tongue. 

Glenn pulled out of my mouth. His cock shined with my saliva, and I could smell his precum. He told me to bend in front of the patient bed. I did so. The cold material of the bed kissed my nipples, and he rammed his cock into my pussy. It felt incredible. He was an even better fuck than David. Every vein of his cock felt unbelievable. "It feels so good."

"You're programmed to be more sensitive to my touch," Glenn said. "I don't have time for foreplay."

Even knowing this, I let myself enjoy every thrust of his cock. If this was what being a robot was like, maybe it wasn't so bad. It became even better when he reached to rub my clit. "Oh yesss doctor!"

I arched my back into him and squeezed his cock with my pussy. He used his other hand to rub and massage my nipple. He pinched and squeezed on my tender breast, and it sent incredible sensations throughout my whole body. Another explosion of pleasure shook my body and my pussy squeezed his cock. Warm liquid shot into me as he grunted, and my sex milked every drop from him. He squeezed my tits harder as he came and it almost hurt, which only made it more exciting. Slowly we both came down our euphoria. His hands released my tit and clit, and his shining cock pulled out of me. His semen dribbled out from my sex as I reclined on the patient bed. 

"Incredible!" My breasts heaved up and down with each breath. I looked back at him, and he already had his pants back up. "What happens now?" 

"Lie down on the bed."

I did as instructed and nervously looked up at the man I couldn't disobey. 

"Previous testing has shown long term psychological effects if I let you remember you're a robot, so we're gonna leave this out of memory storage." Glenn tapped away at his data pad. "You'll feel a slight pinch as your memories up to the point you walked into this office are recorded and stored in case David wants to rent you again. Then the synth flesh will be stripped from this body, and you'll be an empty shell again. Please, lie still."

None of that sounded pleasant, and I started to object. I wanted to get up. I needed to get up. My body would not obey me. It only obeyed Dr. Glenn. Something stung in the back of my head, and I squirmed as it felt like it dug into my brain. Memories flashed in my head on fast forward. Everything from when David first took me from here three days ago, to the moment Dr. Glenn entered the room. Some artificial memories were then loaded in front of the ones where Dr. Glenn started to question me. Instead of invasive questioning, it was just some vague memory of a routine examination. I suddenly forgot everything Glenn actually did to me, and the rest of my memories vanished in an instant. Without memory of where or who I was, I looked at the man in front of me with confusion. He said words that my conscious mind couldn't understand, and the world around me faded. 

Higher functions of what could be called the machine's brain were shutdown, and now it was running only as a machine. Eyes looked dully ahead, and she obeyed to Glenn when he told her to walk to storage. The robot wasn't even conscious at this point, and it gave Glenn some comfort when he saw them in this state. It reminded him of their artificiality, and made it OK in his mind to treat them like the machines they were. He stared at her juicy ass while she walked to the warehouse in the back. Even as a blank body, this woman was gorgeous, and he was truly grateful for when his customers asked for such gorgeous robots. Of course, most of them were, since they were women that his customers couldn't otherwise screw. 

They walked right past his business partner, Elizabeth. She handled the business side of things while he handled the technical. She also did quality assurance on the male robots, rare as they were. She eyed the Alexis machine as it walked past her. "I remember her," she said. "The real one. She rented a bot of her brother."

"Well, her brother ordered one of his sister."

Elizabeth raised her eyebrows. "Interesting family."

"Then the real sister found out, and they had a threesome." 

"Very interesting family." Elizabeth eyed the robot as it went into the containment unit. It was almost like a glass coffin, but vertical and set into the wall. The robot turned around in the unit while the doors closed. Synthetic flesh melted off to eliminate the last illusion of humanity. All the remained was a metallic skeleton. Liquified remains of its humanity were carried through a hose into a reservoir tank for later use to be molded into somebody else in the future. Elizabeth tapped on a screen. "Well, they just gave us a five star rating, and already have an appointment for two months from now. Only a one day though."

Glenn smiled. "Another satisfied customer."

--

I met David in the lobby after my doctor visit. "Hey sis, how was your visit."

"Doctor visit. Nothing abnormal." Memories of my doctor visit were hazy. I remember questioning if it really was a doctor office, but then Dr. Glenn came in. My memory was hazy, but as far as I could recall, it was a routine examination. 

"Cool."

"I'll see her tomorrow to go over your lab results," Dr. Glenn said. 

"Right," David said.