 Cara awoke the next morning to the soft sound of Shyam snoring and here maids readying her bath. The soft smell of lilacs drifted around her bringing back thoughts of her forest home and how much she missed it. She was vagely aware that the previous night she had begged Aidan to stay with her and blushed at the thought. As she stepped out of her bed she wondered how she had gotten in to this long white dress she knew she hadn't put it on had Aidan.

"Good morning Princess are you ready for your bath? We must hurry Prince Aidan has requested that you accompany him on a ride through the kingdom and we have little time to get you ready."

"Ok but I am a bit hungry and I don't think you ever told me your names."

"I'm Abigail the blonde over there is Brooke and the young brunette is Jenna. I apologize for not introducing our selves yesterday and I'll have Brooke get you some breakfast is there anything in particular you'd like?"

"I don't mind and I'd be more then happy to get it myself if you show me where I can find food around here."

"It's our jobs to see to your needs princess I'll go see what the cook has prepared and bring some of that to you."

With that Brooke left to get the food Cara wanted and Abigail and Jenna began undressing her and helping her in to the bath they had prepared for her. The chatted while they assisted Cara telling her everything they knew about the castle and the people that lived in it. When Brooke returned with a tray filled with biscuits blueberry jam, fresh strawberries and peaches and a tall pitcher of ice cold milk and honey. They helped Cara dry off and dressed her in a simple blue dress that had a wide strip of lace around the waist. They brushed her hair pinning sections back away from her face and applying a soft clear substance on her lips.

"You look gorgeous Princess the Prince would be a fool if he married Bethany instead of you."

"What do you mean Jenna" Cara said through bites of biscuits and jam.

"You didn't know he originally came here to meet Princess Bethany and decide if he wanted to take her as a bride. The whole castle knows that he was only doing that to please his father though and he seems smitten with you now. Even if he did decide to take Bethany though he couldn't she'd never pass the inspection his father would give her plus like I said a moment ago he's particularly smitten with you."

"Jenna's right Princess he does seem to be captivated by you who wouldn't you are exceedingly beautiful plus you are so nice Bethany never said a word to us except when we failed in making her beautiful which we always did and then she only said she'd beat us later or have the guards do it for her and stormed off."

"She's not very nice I guess Abigail but it's horrible that she wanted you punished for something so silly and please call me Cara we are friends aren't we. But Jenna what did you mean by she'd never pass Aidan's fathers inspection?"

Jenna looked at Abigail and paled before Brooke spoke up.

"Well you see Cara before a princess can marry she must remain pure and her purity must be proven so the father of the groom is allowed to check that she has never before know the pleasures of a man."

"What do you mean how would he do that?"

"Well you would be brought to his rooms or he would come to yours and with a priest as witness he will remove your clothing and feel you before putting his fingers with in you to check that your maiden head is still there."

"Oh umm I"

Before Cara could finish talking there was a knock at the door and Aidan entered a huge smile crossing his face as he looked upon Cara before he noticed the concern and fear in her eyes.

"Cara love what's wrong has something happened?"

"No Aidan umm they were just telling me about something its ok lets go."

She stood taking his hand and left flashing a concerned look back at the three maids that stood looking worried and concerned for her. They made their way through the castle to the stables where two young boys stood holding two horses. The large black stallion Cara recognized as the one Aidan had ridden the day she had come here the other she had never seen before. It was beautiful its golden coat shined in the sun and its long white mane and tail flowed in the breeze. 

"Let me help you up Cara and then we will go for a little ride around the castle grounds and maybe out of them for a bit.

He helped her on to her horse remembering that Liliandra had once told her that when people might be watching to ride side saddle to look more lady like she had never understood why she had told her that but she did now. As he mounted his stallion she urged her mare into a gallop daring him to catch her. The wind felt good as it flew through her hair and across her face and she laughed out loud for the first time since she had left the forest. She felt free again as if none in the world could touch her the fact that Aidan was so near to her was lost as she galloped.

"Cara I definitely didn't expect that your full of surprises."

"I can't help it I always loved galloping makes you feel free even when your not."

She glanced back at the three guards galloping behind them trying to catch up to them. Aidan saw this and turned his horse towards the guards when he stopped before them they all stopped and turned and headed back to the castle. She wasn't sure what he had done but she was glad for it.

"Thank you it seems like lately there's always someone watching me making sure I don't have any fun."

"I know the feeling trust me it's taken me years to make Ronald and my fathers guards believe that I can handle my self and take care of anyone that is with me."

He gave her a meaningful look and they continued their ride around the grounds. He pointed out different things to her and she found herself looking more at him then the things around them. She couldn't understand why he affected her so every time he was near her the fire in her burned hotter causing everything else to fade into the background.

He looked at her now and then trying his best to control the urge he had to take her right then in the middle of the wildflower fields and make her his but the thought made him remember that his father had to find her pure and untouched even by him. She was marvelous the long dark curls that hung down her back seemed unbearably soft and he wished to run his fingers through them and he couldn't help but notice how her exposed ears had a slight point hinting at her eleven heritages. The dress she wore accentuated her small waist and large dress while still leaving enough to the imagination to have him dying to rip the fabric from her body. Her eyes sparkled with joy and the corners of her soft lips curved in to a smile at being outside. 

"I believe we should stop for lunch Cara is here ok?"

"Yes but have we really been gone for that long? I had no idea it was lunch time."

"It is here I'll help you down and set up a place to eat if you want to tend to the horses."

"Ok"

He dismounted coming to her and lifting her down from her horse bring her down just inches from him. The sent of her filled his nostrils and he couldn't help but bring her closer to him and tasting her lips as his hands traveled over her hips and waist. When he released her she was breathing hard and her eyes were smoldering. A smile crossed his lips as he turned and began setting out their food. She was so warm she was tempted to remove the dress she wore but instead decided to remove the saddles and bridles from the horses letting them graze among the wild flowers that surrounded them. As she came back to Aidan she noticed the blanket he had spread out and the fresh fruits breads and other foods he had set on it.

"I wasn't sure what you liked so I grabbed a bit of everything"

"Thank you Aidan this is better then good."

They sat down and ate talking a little here and there Cara laughing at his stories and his horrible acting as he told them. As they sat talking Aidan noticed the change in his stallion he was sniffing the air and stomping his hooves Cara's mare was doing the same both were facing the forest to their right. Cara noticed this too and was searching for anything she could use as a weapon. She found two swords in one of the bags Aidan had brought handing one to him she took the other and mounting her mare readied herself for attack.

She definitely looked the part of a trained warrior even in the dress she now wore. Aidan felt his cock harden as he watched Cara and then leaped upon his stallion readying himself for the attack that was about to come. As the pair watched the edge of the forest eight men all in dark black armor appeared each riding large black war stallions emerged at a full gallop. Before Aidan could stop her Cara was in the midst of them fighting her hardest had she not been in danger he would have liked to have watched her kill them but as she was in danger he galloped forward killing the first man he came upon. They fought for what seemed like hours until only one man remained alive but unhorsed after his horse had fled in fear.

"Why did you attack us and who sent you."

The anger in Aidan's voice could clearly be heard and seen upon his face. Blood poured from a gash in his arm and sweat covered his whole body.

"We were sent to capture the imposter Cara by the queen herself and to kill her and you if we must."

"Cara is not the imposter your queen and her daughter are the imposters now you come with me and tell your story to the King."

"I will do no such thing kill me now or I will take my own life."

He began to plunge his own sword into his stomach but was stopped by Cara as she pounced on him slinging his sword away from him at the same time.

"You wish me dead and believe me an imposter but refuse to tell your king this. Only a coward takes his own life you will come with use back to the castle and tell my father what you have just told us."

Aidan could not believe what he was seeing there was Cara sitting on the back of the large man with his arms pinned behind is back. She was incredible so fierce and stronger then any woman he had ever met. She had come away from the battle having only torn the dress she wore so that her legs were exposed from the thigh down and a one sleeve was gone. She pulled the man up tying his hands with the scraps of her dress and then pushed him towards her horse. Aidan jumped down grabbing the man and shoving him face down on to the back of his horse before remounting and waiting for Cara to do the same.

When they reached the castle they were greeted by the king his face hard and cold when he saw the state of his daughter and the prince as well as the man that was draped over the back of Aidan's stallion.

"What happened to the two of you and who is this man."

Your highness this man and seven others attacked your daughter and I as we were eating lunch this one has something to tell you."

Aidan pushed the man to the ground before getting off and turning to assist Cara who was already getting off her horse.

"Your highness I am sorry the queen and her daughter ordered myself and my dead comrades to attack and capture this imposter and to kill her if we must."

"I see well then your queen and her daughter will be beheaded for treason against my daughter and myself you though do not deserve death I order you to live out your days as my daughters slave to do with as she pleases."

"Father I do not wish to have a slave no man deserves that he can serve me but not as a slave. Freedom should not be denied anyone. Even one as horrible as him."

"Fine you have been saved by a kinder soul then I what is your name?"

"Ben"

"Ben you are now indebt to my daughter you are to stand outside the door to her chambers guarding her at all times and if she needs anything you are to do it. Mark my words though if you ever hurt her I will personally see to it that you suffer a fate worse then death. As for my wife and her daughter guards see that they are put into the dungeons they will be beheaded at dawns first light."

"Father no let them live they are just threatened I will not be the cause of two deaths."

"They wanted you dead Cara why would you want them sparred."

"Father please."

"She's right Blaire what will the people think if she comes back and then their queen and princess are executed imprison them yes but not in the dungeons look them in side the east tower post guards outside their doors."

"Your right Lil my dear guards take the queen and her daughter and lock them in the east tower. I will not have them harming my daughter."

"Let's go Cara I need to clean this gash in my arm and you should change out of that dress since it's ruined."

"Ok Aidan."

They left then going back into the castle away from her father and Liliandra who stood making arrangements for Ben, Bethany and the queen. Cara was obviously shaken the fact that there were people here that wanted her dead did little to cheer her up and after what Brooke had told her earlier about the inspection that shed have to endure if she married she was not feeling all that well. Aidan could see the worry written all over her face and instead of taking her to her room and leaving he went in with her. As she sat down on the window seat he wrapped his arms around her pulling her close to him hoping he could comfort her some how.

"Aidan can I ask you something?"

"Of course Cara what is it?"

"Why do they hate me?"

She started to cry why Liliandra had ever brought her here to a place where she was hated. Shyam who had been sleeping near the fire came to Cara's side and placed his head on her lap trying to comfort her. The tears poured down her face as Aidan held her closer trying his hardest to think of what to say to her.

"Cara listen I'm sorry you have to go through all this I wish I could protect you from it all and they don't really hate you they fear you and Bethany wants the throne before Liliandra brought you back she was the heir to it and now that she has no chance of being queen of this kingdom. She and her mother know that I know that it's hard to hear but its how it is and I promise they won't hurt you I won't let them. I'll sleep on the floor by your bed every night if I have to too keep you safe."

"You'd do that for me?"

"Yes I would I love you Carameriel and I'll marry you if you let me."

She looked over joyed for a moment as she wrapped her arms around him but fear got the best of her and she pulled away.

"Aidan is it true that if I marry you your father has to umm inspect me?"

"I hate to say it but yes and I fear what he might do to you even with a priest there. Don't worry though it'll only take a moment I promise."

He kissed her then pressing his soft lips against hers as his hands traveled the length of her body. He ached for her as he grazed over her hardened nipple with is hand and his other found its way to her exposed leg. He couldn't take it any longer lifting her in to his arms he carried her in to the bedroom laying her on the bed determined that he would show her how much he wanted her. He ripped the dress the rest of the way from her body reveling he soft skin to him. He removed his own ruined shirt and starred down at the beauty before him. She had worn no undergarments other than a pair of silk panties leaving her soft breasts exposed to him. He lay down beside her kissing her deeply his hand traveled to her exposed breast pinching the hard nipple causing her to gasp. He took advantage of this plunging his tongue into her mouth letting it tangle with her own. His hand continued pulling twisting and pinching her nipples as he plundered her mouth and he could feel the need to take her rising inside him. He trailed kisses down her neck and across her chest sucking a nipple in to his mouth and nibbling on it gently as he played with the other with his hand. Cara was on sensory over load she had no clue what Aidan was doing or why but she knew it felt good and she didn't want him to stop. Her hands came up grasping his head holding it to her causing Aidan to smile. He moved to her other nipple pulling it into his mouth as his hand began moving down over her stomach to the edge of her panties where he stopped. She seemed so focused on what his mouth was doing to her breast she didn't realize where his hand had gone until he began rubbing her pussy through her panties.

"Aidan what are you doing"

"I'm pleasuring you and showing you just how good being with me can be."

He rubbed her harder lifting himself up on an elbow so he could see her face and watch her reactions. She bucked against his hand moaning loudly struggling to get his hand to where it would feel best. When he stopped she starred at him perplexed wondering why he had stopped had she done something wrong? He noticed the confused and worried look on her face and then moved between her legs removing her panties and gazing upon the soft pink womanhood that she had hidden between those beautiful legs. He ran his fingers over it exploring every fold and crease in it causing her to moan loudly and thrash beneath him. The wetness that had collected there was beginning to run freely from her soaking into the sheets beneath her. She looked so delicious and he couldn't help but want to taste her. He lowered his head down between her legs and began licking the juices from her his tongue plunging into her sweet opening to get what was pooling inside of her. As he continued his assault on her pussy she began to feel a strange feeling building with in her. It was almost as if something in her was getting tighter and tighter it was almost unbearable. She thrashed from side to side holding the sheets tight in her hands and crying out her pleasure to him. She thought she would explode from the attention he was giving her which was almost too good to stand. He couldn't help but smile at the state she was in so close to her release but he had yet to let her cum he licked up her pussy replacing his tongue with a finger buried deep inside her so deep he could feel the proof of her virginity his tongue then began its lashing of her clit the deep red button begging for his attention as he fucked her with his finger.

"Oh god Aidan please don't stop I'm I'm I don't know what's happening but please don't stop."

She came hard her juices flooding out of her as he greedily licked them up. She came for what seemed like forever to her the feeling causing her to scream his name the screaming causing her father and Liliandra to break the door to her rooms and find the two lovers resting after all that had just happened.

"What are you to doing Cara put some cloths on and Prince Aidan you know she must remain pure until the night of her wedding what were you thinking?"

"I was thinking that I would let her experience true pleasure and give her something to take her mind off the examination my father will be performing on her before our wedding Liliandra. I'm sorry you had to see her this way but I'm sure you can relate to how she feels at the moment."

"Aidan my boy did you just say you were going to marry my daughter?"

"Yes your highness that's exactly what I'm going to do I'm going to send one of my men to my father with the news tonight if you give your permission sir."

"Of course I give my permission and my blessings now you to get ready for tonight we feast Lil send word to your parents of my daughter's engagement to this wonderful man."

"They are already on their way Blaire. I notified them I was bringing her here and that she was still alive the night before I brought her back to you."

"Great come Lil lets go let these to get dressed so they can come celebrate with us."

As they walked out the door Cara starred after them what had just happened to her and what was about to happen. She felt Aidan move beside her wrapping his arms around her pulling her close to him.
