 In this version of the classic story, after Hephaestus, lame god of the forge, had trapped his wife Aphrodite, goddess of love, and her lover Ares, god of war, together in a net, he had called the other gods to look upon them and instead of trying to get restitution for her infidelity he instead decided to use his own form of justice.

"Damn you, Hephaestus, let me down from here!" yelled Aphrodite, who was continuing to futilely struggle fully nude in her husband's net

"Why should I, Aphrodite? You deny me my marital rights in this bed for years, but yet you decide to give them to Ares," he said, sitting on the chair at the side of the bed looking up at her.

"What the hell do you expect me to do in it? You spend all day in your forge, come home reeking of smoke, and expect me to fuck you then and there? At least Ares has the decency to take a bath before coming to see me, which is more than I can say for you. And besides, he knows how to put it to more creative uses."

"And how in bloody Tartarus would you know if I can be creative in bed or not! You've barely given me a chance since we've been married, and what few times we have been in bed together, you just lay there waiting to get it over with as fast as possible and then either pop off to someone else's bed or go to sleep. That really galls me, dear wife, though I believe that I have found a way to rectify that," he said, and as he rose and approached the wary eyed Aphrodite he pulled out a golden collar. Reaching inside the net, he fastened it around her neck and pulled a string that released the net and sent the naked goddess tumbling to the floor as he sat on the bed and began pulling off his clothes. She then stood up and tried to go to her palace on Cyprus, and realized she couldn't leave and that Hephaestus must have something to do with it and turned to yell at him again with conviction and an unkind hand gesture. 

But she stopped and gasped as she looked upon her husband's nude body laid out on their bed, with his muscled and scarred body covered in dark, thick hair, along with both his grotesquely deformed leg and his thick cock erect and angled. And as she stood there, his strong hand grasped his shaft and in turn admired his wife, the goddess of love and desire, whose body was a complete contrast to his own: rubenesque with milky white skin, large firm breasts topped by dark pink nipples, and long legs meeting at her rubenesque ass and pussy that was covered by fine, blonde hair matching the long curls on her head.

"If you're wondering why you can't leave, it's because that collar binds you to me and only I can remove it. So from now on you are mine to do with, and we are going to start with you crawling over here on all fours and sucking my cock." Aphrodite despised the idea and almost laughed at him, but after exploring the collar with her hands and in the mirror, she realized she had no choice and sank to all fours and crawled up onto the bed and reached out to wrap her small hands around his impressive cock and began stroking up and down. And while this was further than she ever wanted to go with him, he had other ideas and reached forward to grab the beautiful blonde curls on her head and pulled her lips to rest on the tip of his cock, and she braced herself for what he wanted. She opened her luscious lips and extended her tongue to lick the head and wrapped her mouth around him and bobbed her head up and down, going as rapidly as she could to finish him as soon as possible, but he held onto her head and made her go at a slow pace as she used her divine powers to fully engulf him.

When he knew she would go slowly, Hephaestus lay back and enjoyed Aphrodite's talented lips and tongue as he never had before, and began imagining the possibilities and enjoyment of now having his wife under his control as his own sex slave. This made his cock even harder and ready to explode, but he wanted to hold off, and so grabbed her blonde hair and pulled her off his cock and onto her back. This allowed him to gaze upon her perfect body he barely ever saw covered in sweat, her perky tits heaving with her heavy breathing as he reached out and tweaked her erect nipples, and legs spread to show a luscious pussy dripping in undisguised lust, which he immediately dove into and began drinking her essence. What he tasted was better than ambrosia, the sweetest substance in the universe that he couldn't get enough of and continued eating her through many orgasms and mouthfuls as she filled his mouth with her sweet juice over and over.

As she shook with her fifth orgasm and he ready to explode with his first, he finally fell on top of her body and impaled her with the full length and girth of his cock and began pounding her pussy with long, hard strokes, which made her demand more, which both surprised and further aroused her. Her legs and arms automatically wrapped around his backside as their lips met in a passionate, anger filled kiss as his hands then came to her breasts and grabbed and twisted her nipples, forcing a scream from her mouth until they came together in an explosive orgasm as he finally filled her pussy with his seed and collapsed on top of her. But she wasn't done yet and she wanted to keep fucking him, so she kept him hard by rolling him onto his back and sucked his cock between her lips, then remounted and planted herself on his hard cock and began riding him like a wild woman under the influence of Bacchus. She came again and kept riding him until he filled her again, and so on all night as their passion and anger with each other flowed through their sexual frenzy until they could go no more and collapsed into sleep.

The next morning, Aphrodite woke not to the warm rays of Helios and the pampering touches of her attendants in a soft bed, but when Hephaestus picked her up and carried her outside and threw her into the freezing cold pool that he had turned to freezing cold. "What the hell are you doing Hephaestus? Wasn't last night enough for you, or are you going to keep me in your thrall forever?"

"Oh no, Aphrodite, probably not forever. I'm not sure how long our fun is going to last, but you are going to repay me for all those times you were gone from our bed for another, especially Ares. So out of the pool," he demanded and grabbed her by the hair and brought her to his forge, where the heat immediately covered her body in sweat and plastered her hair to her body.

Hephaestus immediately threw her into shackles that hung from the ceiling and attached to the floor, and when he pulled them taught she was stretched into a fully spread X position. Her anger was very apparent in her curses she yelled at him, while she realized he wasn't paying attention to her as he was gathering some tools and soon he walked back to her and knelt in front of her spread pussy with a pair of scissors and trimmed a few hairs into his hand and walked to his forge. He dumped them into a vat of liquid metal and began using his forge to create something that she couldn't quite make out until he quenched it in water and held it up to show her a bronze straight razor similar to what mortals used, which glowed with the power of the goddess.

"Just what are you going to do with that? Shave that scraggly beard for your face and show your hideous face to everyone who sees you? Perhaps to make yourself at least attractive to the mortals, if anyone," she laughed as he walked over to her body with the razor in one hand, two buckets of water, and a bar of soap in the other hand, and smiled. Placing one bucket down, he doused Aphrodite's sweating body with the other that had already turned almost scalding due to the forge, and then took the bar and began rubbing it on her body as a thick lather with the smell of ambrosia began spreading and soon fully covered her. And he then placed the razor to her arm and with one stroke removed the soap and hair, and overpowered her with a wave of desire, which increased with each stroke, but did not give her release. He shaved every inch of her body from her neck down, finishing first with her pussy and then giving the chains some slack so that she stood and he bent her over and shaved her ass, as she shook in pent up orgasmic energy he kept within her.

"Hephaestus, what did you do to me? Why can't I cum?" she pleaded as he hauled her back up to her spread eagle position and laughed.

"That, my dear wife, is just one of the features of your lovely collar, and one of my brighter ideas. I wanted to create something that would attract you to me, but instead I decided to create this razor of desire, for which I also needed something of yours. And with you helpless, I decided to use your most desirable place, and must now tell you that the hair I shaved can never be grown back, which means that your body will be bare for all eternity as my mark."

She looked at him in horror, for she prized all her hair from her head to her toes as precious, and now she no longer had it on her body, and she became angry and sad at the same time as he placed the razor on the table and threw the second bucket of water on her to wash away the excess foam. He then returned to his forge and began working on something new as she just hung there, head bowed in defeat until the ringing of the forge disappeared and looked up to find Hephaestus approaching with three small rings. He grabbed one of her breasts and bent down to lick and nibble on her nipple until it became erect from arousal and pierced her flesh, causing her to scream in surprise/pain. He smiled and did the same for her other nipple, and then knelt down and sucked on her clit and pierced that too, showing her a mirror afterward that accentuated her new body jewelry.

"Very beautiful. They mark you even further as mine and can never be removed," he laughed, returning to his forge and work, and soon finished nine more of the rings she wondered who for, and began to suspect when he satisfied her curiosity.

"Fear not, my darling wife, for you will not be the only one I indulge my long denied passions upon. Not only do I now have you, but I have felt like also indulging myself in some of your attendants for a long time, and have decided that your Graces will join in our fun upon my return with them. They soon shall also bear my marks, and until I return with them, I have decided to provide my smiths with your services as a reward." And with that he left Aphrodite suddenly confronted by Hephaestus' smiths for an unknown time frame without her powers, all of which were going to provide for a very interesting time.

The Graces The palace of Aphrodite and Hephaestus was a blindingly beautiful three story castle the colors of sea foam green, light blue, pink, white, and red, with high rounded windows and gardens outside the structure. Inside were hundreds of rooms arranged around a central courtyard that contained large gardens, groves of trees, and lakes, which also had soft, sandy beaches. On this beautiful sunlit day on one of these beaches lay the three Graces, attendants of Aphrodite and objects of desire for Hephaestus: Thalia, the oldest sister and Grace of Good Cheer; Euphrosyne, middle sister and Grace of Mirth, and Aglaia, the youngest sister and Grace of Beauty, all who were laughing and enjoying themselves while awaiting their mistress. 

Hephaestus watched from under the helmet of invisibility that he had just finished for Hermes as their fully nude bodies were enjoying the warm rays of Helios that beat down on their creamy, full breasts topped with dark nipples, slim bodies with hourglass hips, and muscular legs. Hephaestus was salivating and stroking his hard cock that he freed from his confining pants as they helped each other in the most erotic ways Hephaestus had ever seen women doing. They oiled every inch of each other's supple bodies, helped each other stretch and exercises, ran up and down the beach grabbing and slapping their nude bodies that made them scream and laugh. They also dove into a nearby pool and swim like nereids, emerging with Helios' approaching disappearance from the sky and dripping with water, choosing to dry off not with towels but lying down on the grass and allowing his final rays to dry them. And during all of this, they had no realization that Hephaestus was viewing their nude bodies as their breasts bounced and asses jiggled with every step, and their pussy lips slightly spread as well, with water running seductively down their bodies and into places that he fantasized about exploring for years. It was with these images that he returned to his forge, preparing for the arrival of the fulfillment of his fantasies through the gifts he left for them.

The Graces each found a golden necklace with their names inscribed upon them laying atop their piles of clothing, and Thalia, the oldest of the three, picked up hers and turned it over in her hands, admiring the exquisite craftsmanship and knew Hephaestus had left them. 

"Sister Aglaia, for what reason do you think these beautiful pieces were left for us? Are they not forged by the hand of our mistresses' husband, Hephaestus, and therefore should be hers?" 

Aglaia, grace of beauty, replied, "Though they are surely crafted by Hephaestus, they do have our names inscribed upon them, and are surely for us. Perhaps Aphrodite asked him to make them for us as gifts?" 

After deciding that must be the reason, the sisters put them on, only to have them immediately change into a collar similar to Aphrodite's and transport the Graces to Hephaestus' forge, where they found themselves standing before a sight they had never seen before. There sat Hephaestus upon his favorite work stool, leaning back with eyes closed and moaning in pleasure as his large hands held onto the head of their nude mistress Aphrodite, kneeling nude, sweat soaked and collared as they were, and was stroking, sucking, and licking her husband's cock. They never thought to see this, as she despised him, but now was feasting on him and unaware of the presence of her Graces. Hephaestus, however, knew the moment they appeared and after a few seconds opened his eyes and smiled at the three women and the erotic sight they provided him. Their hands were caressing their breasts and pulling on and twisting their nipples causing them to moan, and then moved downward and played with their pussies. After watching them for a few moments, he tapped Aphrodite on the head and bringing her to stand, giving the women a few shocks when they first saw Hephaestus' cock and the deformed angle it stuck at, and when Aphrodite turned around the ladies saw the next shock of Aphrodite, standing with feet spread and hands on hips, giving them a full frontal view of her fully shaved pussy and body, along with her newly acquired piercings that gleamed in the fire light. The goddess, without looking up and focused on his cock, then lowered herself to place the tip of his cock at the entrance to her pussy, and then swiftly sank herself down onto him until fully impaled as he grabbed hold of her breasts while she planted her hands and feet and began riding his cock fast and hard as he alternated twisting between her nipples and clit.

It was during this fucking that Aphrodite finally looked up and found her Graces watching her fucking Hephaestus, their nude bodies sweating as hers was and at the same time they were looking surprised at her while also masturbating at the same time. She knew they couldn't understand why she was doing this, and as his hands had now moved down from her breasts to grasp her hips and slam her even harder onto his shaft, she knew she couldn't stop to say anything. So she continued the openly sexual act in front of her audience as he changed her position by standing and pushing her over his work table and powerfully thrust his cock into her pussy over and over until he finally gave one final lunge and came inside her, then lay his sweat soaked body on top of hers, flattening her on the table. As the Graces looked between the two deities, they could now tell from her face that Aphrodite was not submitting to it willingly, and that Hephaestus had a hold over her.

Hephaestus now knew that it was time to inform the Graces about why they were there in his forge, and lifted himself up to separate from his wife underneath him and collapse onto his work stool, his now flaccid cock dripping with her juices as his cum leaked down her legs from her used pussy. And when she stayed there and did not come to him to clean his cock, he gave her ass a hard smack that brought a yelp and then sink to her knees, crawl over to him, and slowly engulf him between her lips. And as she licked him, he moved his attention to the three naked, sweating beauties and smiled wickedly towards them and began explaining their situation.

"Ladies, I can see you're confused as to what is going on, so allow me to explain. I caught your mistress, my wife, with Ares in our marriage bed yesterday, and she has now become my slave. And since she is your mistress and I am now her master, that means I am now your master as well, and since I have been watching and wanting you for many centuries, the time has now come for my dream to become a reality. But in order for you to begin your service to me, you will need to have those beautiful bodies altered slightly as Aphrodite's is."

Hephaestus' smiths, the hundred handed ones who had recently had their way with Aphrodite's body, appeared from behind and picked up the Graces, attaching chained manacles to the wrists and ankles of each Grace and pulled them into a spread X position. Aphrodite then approached each Grace individually, and beginning with Talia poured a bucket of water on her and then physically lathered her nude body with the special soap that Hephaestus had made from ambrosia, and brought out Hephaestus' razor of desire and proceeded to shave her entire body bare. She then oiled Talia with ambrosia oil, and stepped aside to allow Hephaestus to inspect the bare and squirming Grace personally, grazing her smooth skin with calloused and scarred hands that made her shiver, then lean down and lick and suck her breasts and pussy that made them squirm in need for release. And just as Aphrodite couldn't achieve release, neither could Thalia, and Hephaestus then attached the piercings to the nipples and clit of the Grace, permanently marking her as his property. And when he was finished, Thalia was lowered to stand in front of Aphrodite who reached around and grabbed hold of Thalia's ass, pulling their bodies together and saying to her "Welcome, little sister" as she brought their lips together and fully embraced her in a long deep kiss while their breasts crushed against each other. And when Aphrodite finished with Thalia, she led her over to Hephaestus, now laying on a nearby bed that hadn't been there before, and leading her onto it placed Talia's lips to his cock to begin sucking as she returned to do the same with Euphrosyne.

When Aphrodite had finished with the third Grace Aglaia and placed her on his cock with her sisters, Hephaestus looked at her and said, "I must commend you, Aphrodite, for your wonderful training of your attendants in the art cock sucking," he said to her, as Thalia and Euphrosyne were pulled away and placed in the hanging X position again, while Aglaia was kept in the bed and was instantly embraced in a deep kiss while her hands were brought to his cock to stroke it as his hands were roaming her body. He then pulled away and she was placed flat on her back as her master bent over and began licking and sucking her breasts and nibbling her nipples, then moving downward and exploring her curves, ending up at her bare pierced pussy and dove right in, tasting her sweet juice. He then sat up on his knees and she felt her legs being spread and looked to find his angled cock at the entrance to her pussy and swiftly speared into her fully on the first thrust. 
