 Hello again Lit! This isn't a werewolf story - fair warning, but I hope you enjoy. Please let me know what you think good, bad, or ugly - DW

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Families always have problems, I know that. Mine just seemed to have more than most. My uncles had all spent time locked up and now they couldn't get work. My mother was a drunk and my dad had never been in the picture. To say we were dysfunctional was an understatement. 

Somehow mom had managed to buy the house we were in. It was small, just a few bedrooms and a kitchen/ living area. It was full of people, though. 

We became the crash pad for anyone in the family with nowhere to stay, which was pretty much everybody. They blamed the bad economy. I blamed the stuff they kept snorting up their noses. Fear of another beating kept me from ever saying anything like that. 

I'd had my own bedroom until my last uncle moved in. Uncle Eddy told mom he "needed" to have a comfortable bed. He was creepy enough he probably wouldn't have cared if I stayed. My mother told me I could sleep on the couch, but she spent most nights there passed out drunk. Occasionally I found myself sleeping in a chair on the front porch. 

It was a shock when I managed to graduate high school. 

Once I finally turned eighteen I'd got out of there as fast as I could. 

I took a job cleaning rooms several hours down the interstate in a seedy motel. My boyfriend drove me and my meager belongings to the motel. His payment was a quickie on the motel's squeaky, uncomfortable bed. Once he left, I never saw him again. 

The manager at the motel was not exactly nice, but he took my money same as anyone else's to stay there. I had my own bed and a little TV. I did the cleaning, so it was spic and span. Soon I learned to avoid Mr. Pensky, the manager, just like I'd avoided my uncles. 

The work at the motel was hard and thankless. Mr. Pensky refused to buy me even simple things, like gloves. My hands were red and raw from the chemicals I used. After a couple months the dry cracks over my fingers and palms just became part of me. 

The motel's clientele were mostly old grimy men. They tried to grope me daily, but I was fast. I'd learned years ago how to avoid my uncle's unwanted touches. I kept myself out of trouble.

The basics of living at the motel were still an improvement. I had food three times a day. For once, I could lock my room, so nobody stole what I bought. I rarely had fresh fruit or vegetables, canned foods kept better and were cheaper. I knew I couldn't eat like that forever. It was still an upgrade for me, though. 

I loved my days off. I took the bus and went down to the coast. There was a place there the tourists never went. If you climbed the steep slope down, you had your own private rocky beach. 

I'd spend hours diving and exploring the deep bottom. It was quiet under the water and the fish never bothered me. I learned to hold my breath a really long time and explored the underwater caves and crevices as far as I could. 

If I ever got enough money together, I considered taking scuba classes and renting the equipment. That kind of cash was long way off for me. 

That was life for me and I was finally happy. My little world wasn't very exciting, but it was mine. 

I shopped after work at the mini mart a block away. I came back to the motel late one night and noticed a faint glowing coming from around back. I dropped my groceries in my room and went to investigate. 

There was a small wooded lot behind the building. Drunks sometimes started fires back there. The manager didn't care unless they got out of hand and then we called the police and fire trucks. 

I'm not sure what prompted me to go investigate. I should have gone and gotten Mr. Pensky and let him check.

I crunched into the lot stepping over empty beer bottles and discarded syringes. The light was coming from somewhere in the center. I wove between the trees watching the light. It wasn't flickering like a fire. It was more like a steady pulse. That's the last thing I saw on Earth. 

I woke up and didn't really remember having gone to sleep. My surroundings were all very clean, sterile almost and completely foreign to me. I bolted upright and realized I was naked. 

The room I was in was bright white including the little bench I had been laying on. There were no windows in the room and the light seemed to be coming from the walls themselves. I put my feet on the floor and it felt like hard plastic. Reaching out and touching the walls I couldn't find anything like a seam that would indicate a door. 

My breathing was coming rapidly and I figured this must be hyperventilating. Suddenly it felt like the room was moving, the sensation was slight, but prominent. My arms and legs were stuck, held in place by strong air currents. The air pulled my arms out from my sides and separated my legs. I turned my head and saw the bench blend back into the floor.

The walls just disappeared, that's the best way I could describe it. One minute they were there and then they weren't. I was on the white lighted platform looking out into oblivion. 

My eyes slowly adjusted to the dark and now I could see faces. My little platform was drifting slowly through a sea of faces. They were humanoid, most of them. Others were what people described when they talked about alien abduction. 

I fought for consciousness. My mind just wanted to shut off and be back at the motel fixing Ramen noodles. This could not possibly be happening. 

I was so humiliated. I wasn't fat, but I wasn't skinny either. My tummy and hips had a soft look I hated. The same went for my enormous breasts. I longed to cover up all my private parts. 

The thing that really bothered me. The thing that should not have mattered that did was that I hadn't shaved my legs or my armpits in ages. There was no one to impress at the motel, so I was a hairy mess. 

My bush, oh man, my bush was huge reaching all the way to my navel. The dark curly hair covering my lower stomach was a trait I had inherited from mom. I hated it and I never would have showed it to anyone. Not like any of that mattered, but my brain decided that's what I would worry about.

Occasionally, my little tray would pause in front of a group of faces. The ones that I stopped in front of all looked human. I seemed to glide right past the strange looking creatures in the hall. I couldn't wonder why that was. 

The groups of men I hovered in front of appraised me. I could see them pointing at me and talking to one another. Depending where they pointed the light and the air currents changed. I was bent over, laid flat, made to sit, and made to kneel. I couldn't fight the air currents, they were too strong. The light seemed to illuminate the part of me they were most interested in. 

In one position I saw other dully lighted trays lining a raised stage on the far side of the room. Other creatures adorned those trays. All were held in a position similar to mine. A human looking woman was passing between them on the stage, placing collars around their narrowest part. It struck me we were being sold, this is what an intergalactic slave house would look like. 

It was intolerable that humans were enslaving other humans. They should know this was wrong. Suddenly, I was livid. 

This was insufferable. The last group of men had the air currents move me all over the place. The nerve they had to treat me like this. The auctioneers would probably kill me for my bravado, but I didn't care. I was furious. 

I tried to scream at the men in front of me. Initially no sound came out, some weird air current was preventing it. I glared at them and resisted the air currents. I wasn't going to just be the puppet they wanted. 

One of the males in front of me had long dirty blonde hair down his back, he smiled smugly at me and motioned. The air current preventing me from speaking was gone and I made the most horrible noises. I called them every bad name I'd ever heard and cursed them in every way I could think of. I struggled against my bonds and glared at them.

The men talked amongst themselves for several moments while I floated in front of them. I had run out of cuss words, so I just scowled in their direction. I looked around angrily and wondered which group of ass holes I would stop in front of next. Hopefully these jerks were done with me. 

A massive dark haired man in the group made a motion and shouted something out. The air current over my mouth returned and my platform spun across the room to the wall. The light under my feet dimmed until it was just a dull glow. Humanoid hands placed a cool metal collar around my throat. 

Oh God, what had I done?

I watched with terror as the auction continued. Despite all the activity, my eyes were glued to the last group of men I had stopped in front of. It appeared the dark haired man had bought me.

I tried to recall exactly what he looked like. It was hard to see him from this distance. He had been large and muscular, I thought. His chest seemed to have a metal breast plate squarely in the middle. I seemed to remember seeing the hilt of a sword at his waist. All in all, he looked dangerous.

I looked away from him for a moment and checked out the other slaves. Some look sort of human, but most didn't. In fact, I didn't see anyone else up here on the stage that appeared to be from Earth. 

Scanning the auction again I didn't see the dark haired man anymore. I had a moment of panic that he had left. If he hadn't bought me, who had? The not knowing was worse than knowing. 

A movement from by my feet caught my eye and I looked down. The dark haired man was there, along with the four other men and they were staring up at me. Their eyes seemed to be appraising me. I was acutely aware of how my legs were spread and what they had complete access to. 

In my fright, my body did the most embarrassing thing. I pissed myself. The golden liquid splashed down my legs to the white platform. 

The men looked at it curiously and seemed to be discussing it. The one with the long blonde hair reached onto the edge of the platform. I felt the air currents fighting him, trying to push him away. He wasn't even a little deterred and dipped a finger into the yellow puddle. He examined it, as did his friends, and then he tasted it. 

Bad enough to piss myself in public, now some alien is tasting it. 

The female looking creature that had collared me came to stand beside the men. They looked warily at her. A long tentacle came out of her throat and delved into the ear of the long haired man. She was impassive, but the man bowed his head to her. She motioned and my little platform was clean of the puddle. The urine still clung to my legs and I wished the air currents would dry it. 

The men stood at my pedestal talking and occasionally looking up at me. The questions plagued my mind. Had Dark hair bought me? What would they want me to do? Were they going to eat me or beat me? I felt nauseated and wanted to throw up. Then that would be stuck to me too, so I held it in and tried to breath normally. 

I barely noticed the motion as my platform moved backward into a small room. The room was dimly lit and the walls looked like large screens. My arms were trembling from being held out so long and I was slumped against my invisible bonds. For the moment my adrenaline was exhausted and so was I. 

The five men walked casually into the room while the lady with the tentacle followed them. 

The wall in front of me lit up and it was me, for all practical purposes with no hair. I screamed into the air mask and struggled in my bonds. For some reason it seemed like shaving me bare would be the worst thing they could possibly do. Obviously I knew that was just the beginning.

The dark haired man turned around and watched me struggling. His face was rough with stubble and his short black hair framed his face. He raised a dark eyebrow and said something. Long hair jumped up on my platform behind me. I felt him grab my long brown hair and wrap it around his fist. He twisted my head to and fro talking to his friends. 

He jumped down and leaned casually on my platform smirking up at me. The tentacle lady hit a switch and the me on the wall was now just like I was, hair and all. A sigh of relief escaped my mouth. Suddenly, I realized it had come out. The air mask on my face was gone. 

The men spoke to the lady in a language I couldn't understand. Dark hair continued to watch me intermittently. I wasn't really upset when the me on the wall had her leg, groin, stomach, and underarm hair removed. 

A lanky quiet man pointed to his breast plate and addressed the group. The metal covering his chest had an intricate design on it. In fact, they all wore the same design on their chest. The lady stuck her tentacle into his ear. 

I was distracted from the rest of the conversation as the long haired man played with my toes. Across the platform from him a man with brown hair and a short beard stroked the other foot as they talked. They were touching me without permission and it infuriated me. The logical little voice in the back of my mind reasoned I should get used to it. 

Two creatures came in to the room from the side door. They looked like they were made of jelly. Again, the urge to throw up came over me and I fought it back down. T

The platform I was on lowered to the ground and I was now surrounded by my captors at their level. The men were enormous, the shortest was probably six foot something. At 5'7 they dwarfed me substantially. 

The jelly creatures were on the platform now and I started to struggle. Of course I already knew it was worthless, but I couldn't stop. When the jelly creatures started to engulf my legs, my panicked screaming filled the room. Quite suddenly the air mask over my mouth was replaced and the tentacle lady was sticking her thing in my ear. 

"Silence, slave," I heard in my mind. "You are now the property of the proud Warriors that stand around us. They wish your hair removed in certain places and it is being done. They have paid to have an understanding of their language placed in your mind. I will do this now."

My world got foggy as tentacle woman dumped an alien language into my brain. I was vaguely aware that the table moved up as I moved down until I was laying flat at the level of the lady's tentacle. It felt like I had had too much to drink. Slowly the words being spoken around me started to make sense. There wasn't time to marvel at it, though. 

The tentacle woman pulled out what looked like a silver pen light and pressed it to my arm. I winced as a slight burn started where she held the silver pen against me. 

"What was that?" the lanky guy asked quietly.

"It is for the slave's health," the dark haired man answered him. "Basin told us of this, brother, you must pay more attention."

"We will give it a drink every day that is similar to that concoction," the bearded man said and the others agreed. 

It was so weird understanding a language I knew was foreign to me. I was stunned. 

"Human slave, I am speaking to you in the language of Pateria. Do you understand me?" the woman asked looking right at me.

I nodded slowly and she slapped my breast, "You will answer me when I speak to you, slave!"

Before I had a chance to do what I was told, I saw Dark hair grabbing her hand.

"This one is ours now, saleswoman. Respect it as such," he said rubbing a hand over the mark hers had made. My nipple responded to his touch despite my sense of dread. 

"They are protective, slave, you are lucky. Now do you understand me?" she asked again. 

I answered her in a slurred voice with words I barely recognized and the men came to stand around me. I realized I was laying down across the platform and the jelly creatures were still at work. The slimy burning was running up my legs. 

Dark hair gazed down at me. He trailed his fingers along my arm as he addressed the saleswoman. "We wish to know how it works. When the cleaners are done, I want you to show us all the parts," he said turning his gaze back on my face. 

I still felt drunk and the room started to slowly blacken around the corners. I wondered how many parts she would show him. Would she open up my belly to show him those parts, too? On that lovely note, I blacked out. 

CHAPTER 2 

'Bad dream,' I thought to myself as I woke up. 'Hope I didn't miss my alarm.' I opened my eyes and then shut them tight again. Inside my head I repeated to myself, 'bad dream, bad dream, bad dream.'

"I already saw you Ciara, you opened your eyes. You aren't asleep anymore. I wish to look at you with them open," the long haired man said. 

He had been leaning over me watching me sleep. I had seen his piercing blue eyes the minute I opened mine. 

"I could open them for you, Ciara. Should I do that?" he asked.

I threw my eyes open and tried to move away from him, but only ended up backing into dark hair who had been laying on the other side of me. I scooted away from both of them and fell off the surface we had been laying on. Crawling across the floor I stopped when I hit the wall and stood up. 

Glancing out an opening in the wall I noted the sun that was peeking over the purple blue horizon. Several large moons could also be seen stretched out in the sky. I'd never seen a sky that color or with that many satellites. 

I turned in stunned silence and gazed sightlessly ahead. This wasn't earth, unless my planet suddenly sprouted new moons. I was somewhere different, somewhere very far away. My eyes started to work again and I took in the details of where I was. 

It appeared to be a bedroom. In the center of the room sat a huge circular bed covered in an assortment of deep blue covers. A large pole ran up the middle of the bed and attached the ceiling. Four powerfully built men were lounging on it. From the look of their hair, they had just woken up. 

The lanky man was laying on the other side of the mattress. He stretched languidly and watched me. 

"I told you we should have tied it up," the lanky man said to the group in general. 

I whimpered and hugged my arms around myself. My butt naked self, I realized. Looking down quickly I saw ornate metal cuffs wrapped around my wrists and ankles, but was otherwise I was completely unclothed. I shifted my arms to cover my private parts. 

"To the first contest then," the broad, bearded man said rising from the bed and coming toward me. 

The bearded man was taller than me by at least a foot. His chest was bare except for the copious amounts of thick bronze hair. A fine piece of white linen was wrapped around his waist. From the number of scars that cut across his torso he had obviously been in a lot of fights. He terrified me. 

"Master Evan wishes to inspect you on the bed with your eyes open, Ciara. Go back and lay down," he commanded.

The man was a giant. I was too scared to move and shook my head 'no' watching him.

"What do you mean when you move your head like that? Speak to me, Ciara," he said coming closer. 

"No," came out of my mouth. 

"No what, Ciara," he said folding his arms across his chest. He watched me tremble for a moment and then continued. "You are not educated, so I will help you. When you answer myself or my brothers, the word Master should follow whatever you say."

"You are not my Master," I hissed at him mutinously. 

The bearded man stepped closer to me and I bolted away from him. I didn't make it far. In my haste to escape, I didn't notice the long haired man as he stepped in front of me. Fighting wildly, I fought the hands that restrained me. After a quick struggle, I ended up subdued on the floor. 

The long haired man held me face down with my hands behind my back. He had my right arm twisted in a grip so strong I feared the bone would break. Screaming apologies I lay still, praying he would release me. 
