 At the marriage of Peleus and Thetis (parents of future warrior Achilles), all the gods were invited except the goddess Eris (goddess of Discord). She was furious over this that she rolled a golden apple into the wedding with the inscription "to the fairest one." The goddesses Aphrodite, Hera, and Athena all began to argue to Zeus for it to be theirs, but Zeus knew he couldn't make the decision...

Zeus, lord of the skies and thunder, was holding his head in indecision as he was bombarded by demands for the golden apple discovered at the wedding.

"Husband, choose me and you can ravish me this very moment," Hera told Zeus, baring her breasts seductively.

"My lord Zeus, it is only right that I receive the apple, since I am the goddess of love and desire," offered up Aphrodite, who rubbed at the golden collar that Zeus knew Hephaestus used to control her since he caught her in bed with Ares. She was now his sexual slave, which Zeus knew she disliked and probably wished it was Ares instead.

Zeus knew neither he nor any other immortal could decide who the apple would go to, so he decided to pass on the decision to a mortal and called Hermes to him.

"Go to Paris, son of Priam, who is living as a shepherd. Have him judge this, for I cannot."

And with that Hermes left and relayed the decision to Paris, who knew he could not refuse and therefore awaited the goddesses.

When it was known that Zeus would not decide who would receive the apple, Hephaestus took Aphrodite to his forge, where he ripped away her clothing to expose her nude body that sweat continuously in the heat. He then bent her over his work bench and swiftly inserted his crooked, ridged cock into her ass and began fucking her hard. As he pounded away at her, he began to form an idea which aroused him so much that when he came in her ass he stayed hard and moved to her pussy, and when finished with her mouth released her to go forward with his plan as he returned home to find his sexual playthings, Aphrodite's Graces, nude and tied up, ready for him.

The next morning...

Paris sat alone with his thoughts on a rock holding his shepherd's crook, watching over his father's flock and awaiting the duty that had been given to him by the gods.

Suddenly before him appeared the forms of Hermes, Aphrodite in a golden corset, Athena in a loose white robe, Hera in a loose blue robe, and unexpectedly Artemis in a short tunic.

Paris rose and bowed to each one respectfully, saying, "Majestic goddesses, I was told to only expect three of you, but with the addition of the lady Artemis, I could never complain."

Hermes and Aphrodite both smiled, while the other three looked as if they wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible. And when the contest began, each goddess offered him a great prize that would make him a great man: Aphrodite offered him the most beautiful woman in the world, Helen of Troy, along with a bonus prize; Athena offered great military success; Hera offered to make him the ruler of the world; and Artemis offered to make him the greatest hunter of all time. After their offers, Paris took some time and came back with his decision. "Majesties, it is a difficult decision that was given to me, and your offers were all tempting, but my decision is that the winner must be the goddess Aphrodite."

The others screamed in anger and curses and made to smite him, but were prevented by Zeus himself.

Aphrodite held the apple and smiled in victory, then turned to Paris. "You are very wise, young Paris, to have made such a choice. And now for your bonus prize: you will be able to see each goddess fully nude without fear of death. Ladies, disrobe!" she then said to the trio.

*********************************************************************************** The previous evening...

The sacred spring of Mount Ida was where Aphrodite now met with Hera and Athena to prepare for the next day's contest. As the three of them disrobed, they took a moment to compare their divine bodies: Aphrodite was by far the most desirable of them, with an hourglass figure with plump breasts topped by dark areolas and nipples, a flat stomach, and an unusually bald pussy between her legs, which the other goddesses had never seen on another immortal, and was apparently what Hephaestus liked. Hera and Athena each appeared to be similar but with dark hair, and with exceptions of Hera having slightly fuller breasts due to her duties as protector of housewives, and Athena's breasts and hips slightly slimmer due to her duties as a warrior goddess. They slid their nude bodies into the sacred spring and proceeded to be bathed by their nude attendants when Artemis suddenly appeared, with her wildly disheveled hair and dirt covered skin..

"May I join you?"

"Of course, Artemis, you are welcome to join us," Hera said watching the huntress shed her clothing to show a lean, athletic runner's body with breasts the size of two apples and slim hips on top of long lean legs, slip in beside her. "But why are you here? You are not part of this competition."

"Well, I received a message from Aphrodite saying she had an offer for me that might get me to want to join this competition. I figured that it wouldn't hurt to at least listen to her proposal. Well, Aphrodite?"

"Firstly, Artemis, tell me why you didn't ask to be awarded the golden apple at the wedding?"

"Because I don't care much for being known as beautiful, and going against you, Aphrodite, was just futile in my mind. So now tell me why you have invited me here, since I am not part of this contest."

"Well, I was hoping that you would join, and was looking to offer an incentive to us all."

"What kind of incentive?," asked Hera as an attendant nymph kneeled behind her with breasts pressed into the goddess' back as she reached around and was rubbing hers.

"Whoever wins gets the others to be subject to her whims."

The other three sat shocked and unsure at what she just said as their attendants washed their divine bodies. They were unsure as to what they could say, and so agreed to sleep on it and give their decisions the next morning. And when they left, Aphrodite went to find Morpheus, the god of dreams, who was not yet awake from his sleep to prepare for his night to provide mortals their dreams. So she shed her clothes and immediately slid into his bed next to him, lifting his covers to uncover his hard, black body with a soft cock, which she proceeded to rectify. 

She immediately engulfed his cock and filled him with desire as she gave the sleeping god a long, slow blowjob, running her tongue along his ridged shaft, stopping to suck on the head while using one hand to stroke his shaft while fingering her own wet pussy. And when they both came in a simultaneous climax, he finally awoke and smiled upon seeing the nude body of the goddess of love in his bed with his cock in her mouth and hands.

"Aphrodite, a pleasure it is to see you as always. What can I..."

He didn't even finish as she immediately sank herself onto his hard cock and rode him through another climax and collapsing together sweating and panting.

"I must say, sweet Aphrodite, that is the most wonderful way I have been awoken in many centuries. Now tell me what is it that you want?"

"Morpheus, isn't it enough that I wish to bring lustful happiness on a fellow god and not want anything out of it but pure joy?," she asked back in an air of innocence.

"Not quite. First of all, we gods don't do things that way. Plus I know what happened that brought you to wear the collar you do from you husband, and since he wouldn't let you be here without any knowledge, I think you owe me the truth."

And so she explained to him about the apple, the upcoming contest to be decided by a mortal, and the plan of Hephaestus that needed Morpheus' help. He was unsure about the risks he would take, but a few more fucks with Aphrodite had him agreeing to the plan, and he went straight to Mount Ida while Aphrodite reported to Hephaestus.

*********************************************************************************** Back at the contest

Hera, Athena, and Artemis had woken that morning after a wonderful visit from Morpheus, who showed them their victory of the golden apple and how they would treat the other three goddesses. Some of their fantasies involved activities that ranged from the benign to bordering on the sadistic, so that by the time they had woken and met back at the spring, they all agreed to Aphrodite's terms.

But now that Paris' decision had come down in favor of Aphrodite, their dreams were dashed, and had to face the fact that they had virtually become her slaves, and were now given their first task, which they did not appreciate.

And as for Paris, this was something very unexpected and he was unprepared for. He now sat on his rock and stared open mouthed as Aphrodite, the most desirable being in the universe, had now shed her clothes happily and turned so that he could see her entire nude glory, especially concerning with her bald pussy. He was so transfixed by her that he had forgotten about the other three goddesses until Aphrodite looked at the three women and their furious faces and said simply, "We're waiting." When he realized that there would be, in moments, four nude goddesses for him to feast his eyes upon, he looked at them to see hatred toward him and what they were about to do. They hesitated and reluctantly removed their items, revealing their divine bodies for the young shepherd/prince, whose cock was achingly hard with desire. Aphrodite decided to take pity on the young man and released his virile cock from his pants and stroked him to his finish, and then sent him on his way to claim his rightful place as prince of Troy, Helen as his bride, and carry with him the ire of Hera and Athena, but the blessings of Aphrodite.

When he left, Aphrodite's explanation of what their obedience to her would entail.

"Ladies, while I would personally love to have each of you to myself, that will not be case. As you already know, my affair with Ares led to the beautiful golden jewelry that bind me to Hephaestus and his will. And since you agreed to submit to my whims, you therefore belong to him and what he wants. And these are to seal that," she said, pulling out three silver collars and stepping up to each woman. Here she drew the goddess into a full body contact embrace and kissed her deeply as they pressed their bodies into each other so that she filled the other with desire, and then snapped the collar around her neck.

They then traveled to Hephaestus and Aphrodite's palace, where the four of them found a sight that made Hera, Athena, and Artemis gasp in surprise. On their marriage bed lay a nude Hephaestus, his muscular, tanned, scarred body, deformed club foot, and thick, angled cock on display for all to see as Aphrodite moved her hand down to her pussy and began rubbing her bare pussy.

"Hello Athena, Artemis, mother," he addressed them, with the last toward Hera with a small amount of derision as she tried to look away from his body that she bore but threw away due to his deformity. "As Aphrodite has already undoubtedly told you, you are now subject to my whims at times, but I will release you from time to time since we all need to perform our godly duties. For the next few days, we will have an introduction and some testing, but first things first: Aphrodite, love, you have done well, and for that, I release you for the next 48 hours, even though you may want to stick around for what I have in store for our virgin goddesses." As he predicted she didn't go, and then he asked her to attach the other three and herself if she wanted so that he could begin the show, which she did.

When they were all secured, he smiled through his brown beard and clapped, immediately bringing Hera to disgust as the offspring of Zeus' affair with Eurynome and Aphrodite's attendants, the three Graces, Aglaia (Beauty), Euphrosyne (Mirth), and Thalia (Good Cheer), appeared. All three sisters were fully nude, shaved with pierced clits, pregnant by Hephaestus, and very horny, with full breasts leaking from erect nipples that were also pierced, still narrow hips, and muscular legs. They each crawled onto the bed and began sucking and licking his cock, alternating positions so that his hands could reach and finger each pussy in turn to an orgasm. And when each had achieved it, they knelt to the side as he spoke to the foursome hanging and watching the scene.

"I must say that these three beauties have been a wonderful experience to enjoy and will soon give birth to my children, but in the meantime they glow in the wondrousness of pregnancy and are going to assist me with the three of you. But first I am going to give them a gift of my seed, which they will present to you, and afterward you will be given your own jewelry that will bind you to me." And with that Aglaia was the first to straddle his cock in the reverse position and sink her sensitive pussy onto him and began riding him as she looked at the watching goddesses, all while she held onto and rubbed her belly while each sister nursed at a full breast and assisted in fingering her clit. This caused Aglaia to come in a great orgasm that triggered Hephaestus soon after and fill her to overflowing, and kept inside her to prevent his seed from escaping as her sisters brought down the first recipient as Hera lay on the floor. Aglaia then dismounted him and planted herself on the lips of the goddess, who drank their combined juices until all was gone, and then brought to her knees and forced to lick clean Hephaestus' cock and suck it hard for the next Grace before she was placed back in her viewing position. Euphrosyne repeated the scene next and was cleaned out by Athena, and then finally Thalia had hers cleaned out by Artemis, all of which kept Hephaestus hard as he pulled Aphrodite under him on her back and pounded her furiously as her legs locked around his back and finally unloaded himself inside her and collapsed on her body as their sweat and juices mingled.

In their afterglow, the Graces then stretched the goddesses out as Hephaestus approached Hera first and waited as each grace took either a nipple or clit and sucked until Hera was fully aroused and erect, to each of which Hephaestus pierced with a golden loop that brought her to another orgasm. This scene was played out again until all three goddesses were pierced and no longer needed a collar as Hephaestus lay with a sleeping Aphrodite on top of him and the pregnant Graces were asleep on their backs in the arms of the goddesses. And as he drifted off to sleep he smiled at the knowledge of what he was going to have them do tomorrow.

The next morning, with the early rays of light from Helios' journey across the sky, Hephaestus sat silently on his large, brass throne with Aphrodite sitting on the arm stroking his cock while his hand was between her legs and stroking her bare pussy. They were in the large bathroom of Aphrodite that was as long as the Parthenon and covered in marble with a color combination of white, sea foam green, pink, and sky blue, filled with statues, vases, mosaics, and inlaid gold and pearls. Here the three goddesses were watched being bathed by each other while the Graces were busy mixing a special soap mixture and then brought the three out dripping wet and chained in the shape of an X from the ceiling as Hephaestus explained their day ahead.

"Good morning, ladies. I hope you had a good night's rest, because we are going to have even more fun today." The goddesses hung their heads in misery as he pulled out a golden straight razor and handed it to Aphrodite, which brought a smile to her eyes and she gave him a deep kiss and then sank to her knees and gave him a long, slow blowjob while he explained to the three why she was so happy.

"The razor I gave Aphrodite was the same one I used to shave hers and the Graces' entire body free of all hair, and also collected her essence of desire, which will cause anyone whom it is used on to feel not only overwhelming desire until it is lifted from their skin, but will also inhibit them from regrowing any of it, thereby leaving their bodies fully bald for all time. And once that is done and we see what we have to work with, we'll plan from there. Alright, Aphrodite, as soon as you and the Graces are done, we can get on with what I have planned next."

Aphrodite sped up her bobbing and stroking until he filled her mouth to overflowing, which she happily swallowed, and then turned around to find the goddesses squirming to get away and shaking and yelling, "No!" while the Graces were applying the lather until they were fully covered in a thick foam. Aphrodite then stood and approached Hera, due to Hephaestus wanting her done first, and as she approached the queen of the gods, Aphrodite saw her previously uptight demeanor beginning to waver, and as soon as she touched Hera's arm and took the first swipe, a wave and cry of desire erupted from her mouth. 

Hera felt like her body was lit with a fully sexualized flame, which spread a cosmic orgasm to every part of her body and built stronger with every pass until she blacked out and was woken when doused with water and opened her eyes and looked down to find her body completely denuded. Aphrodite then moved on and gave Athena and Artemis the same attention, both of whom screamed even louder and harder due to their inexperience with anything remotely sexual, and they took even longer to rouse from their blackout.

They were then brought back into the bedroom and laid on the bed next to each other, and as Hephaestus stood over them stroking his cock, they were told to masturbate for him, which each of them needed help with doing since they had very little or no experience at all between them, and so Aphrodite stood above them and brought herself to a screaming climax. The Graces assisted the three goddesses and guided their hands down and began twisting and tweaking their nipples, then moving further downward and once they reached their pussy, began stroking their slit and opening the lips to show everything, eventually finding their clit and flicked it continuously until they all came hard. After their orgasms, Athena and Artemis were suddenly removed from the bed and chained as Hera, who didn't yet realize that she was alone on the bed, opened her eyes to find Hephaestus kneeling between her legs with his cock position at the entrance to her pussy.

"What are you doing Heph-" she asked as he swiftly dropped on top of her and thrust the full length of his cock into her pussy, causing her to scream as he yelled out, "Watch and learn, Athena and Artemis, for you will be next!" He then pushed his mother's legs as far apart as they would go and began thrusting in and out of her pussy as she screamed while he pounded harder and harder until she began climaxing and he soon followed and unloaded himself into her pussy. But while Hera figured this was the end of him fucking her, Hephaestus was not done yet and grabbed her legs and rolled her over onto all fours where Aphrodite slid underneath and began cleaning his seed from her pussy. She then came up and pressed her mouth to Hera's puckered ass and forced the contents of her mouth in her ass he then took his lubricated cock and inserted the entire length in her ass and fucked her holding onto her hair while Aphrodite returned underneath and ate her pussy until he came deep in her ass, moving around front and making her clean his cock before rechaining her next to the other two. And even though Hephaestus wanted to fuck the other two that night, instead he left them hanging there as he fell asleep and dreamed of the next day and his next toy.

The next morning, the goddesses were awoken with a splash of cold water and breakfast of ambrosia before Athena was next unchained and brought down to service her new master. She lay back on the bed with legs open and ordered to use her fingers to separate and expose the pink insides of her tight, virgin slit and small clit peeking out at him, and he leaned over and inserted his tongue and licked and tasted her sweet juices while using his thumb to rub her clit vigorously. This caused her body to jump, shiver, and shake from her first sexual contact until she was on the verge of a climax and ready to be fucked when he stopped and leaned back on his legs, cock hard and ready to go, causing Athena to become confused as to why he stopped.
