 Reyn Ferris was really starting to hate working for United Earth Forces. All they did was send him on bullshit missions. While some of them seemed like his kind of mission, training criminals who the U.E.F. deemed a threat to the colonies and the planets just seemed like an pointless job. Reyn really didn't understand this program to make soldiers out of criminals but what could he say, Reyn had been stationed on the training and prison facility for about three years in exchange for not going to prison, but it wasn't his problem anymore and was just getting back on earth. 

Reyn landed at U.E.F. Strategic Warfare Base outside of the city New Liberty. Reyn looked up as he left the base, it had been a long time since Reyn had been here. Reyn gathered his things and left to meet his only friend in the U.E.F, Lt. Col. Raiden Johnston. Reyn had a history with Raiden. During the last war, Raiden and Reyn had been paired together on several missions and had become good friends. Raiden had tried to get Reyn out of trouble before Reyn was sent out but, there was just too much opposition.

When Reyn arrived at the front gate, Raiden was waiting with his car. "It's been along time Reyn." 

"Too long, How Ya Been?"

"Better. Things changed while you were gone."

"Tell me later, I got some things to do today"

"Damn! You ain't even been back a day and you already got things to do"

"That's how it works. Hey, I need you to take me to Terry's place, I got to pick up some of my stuff."

"Reyn, Terry is dead"

"Really?"

"Yep. Not much more to say about that."

"So who is running his place?

"His Daughter Jade."

"Really? She never seemed like the criminal type."

"Yeah I know. After Terry's death she stepped up. She ain't the girl she uses to be."

Reyn and Raiden drove into downtown New Liberty. Reyn looked at the building and was remembering what a hell this place use to be during the war. After about an hour of driving and catching up on old times Reyn and Raiden parked the car at a skyscraper.   "Where the Hell are we?"

"Welcome to Blackwell Tower."

"Hold the Fuck up! Blackwell tower as in Terry Blackwell, Crime Lord?"

"No more like Jade Blackwell, Crime Lord."

Reyn and Raiden got out of the car as the valet took it under the building. Two large men in suits stood at the door. When Reyn approached they just looked at him as if in shock. When Reyn approached the front desk in the huge lobby, the attendant didn't even bother to look up and told the two pick up the Keycards on the desk and proceed to the last elevator on the hallway. When they entered the elevator it prompted them to slide their keycards. After sliding the card a voice announced their departure to the 265 floor. "So Raiden, how the hell did she get this building?" 

"Well after the war she started using her terry's funds and building the city back up, But underneath all that she was gaining power in city."

The ride seemed to take an eternity but Reyn was ready to see Jade again. When the elevator finally stopped, Raiden and Reyn emerged from behind the doors and looked down a hallway that never seemed to end. The marble floors glistened and the walls were lined with pictures of terry and his family. When they reached the end of the hallway they were in front of doors that looked like they should be on bank vaults. Reyn noticed the camera tracking his every movement. Suddenly the doors opened and Reyn was in shock at the sheer size of the room in had to be 70 feet to the glass ceiling and maybe 200 to the desk on the raised platform overlooking the rest of the office. 

Jade turned around in her chair to see the man she had loved for years but never told him she knew that she know had all the power but was he still out of her reach. 

"Jade. How has it been?" Raiden asked

"More of the same stuff. And you?"

While Jade and Raiden went on with there small talk, Raiden was staring hard at Jade. It had been about 10 years since he had seen her last time. She had really grown up. Jade had perfect skin with a light tan. She had kept her hair dyed dark green since she was a teen and had grown from the short style she used to wear it in down to the middle of her back. Her breast seemed to be a little bit large for her frame with Reyn estimating about a 40DD. Reyn was looking at her whole body but what kept him almost in a trance was her eyes. They gleamed to him the green was almost endless. Reyn was still looking at her when he was brought back to earth by a voice.

"Yo Reyn I'm leaving. I got a call from the base I'll se you around" Raiden said as he sprinted across the office. 

"Reyn will you have a seat?" Jade asked.

Reyn sat down on a couch across from her.

"How have you been Reyn? It's been what ten years?

"I think that's right."

Reyn and Jade continued their conversation. They talked about her rise to power and how Terry had made sure that the Blackwell name was kept strong. After awhile Jade had some drinks brought up. She and Reyn talked for hours. After awhile the conversation got a bit more personal.

"Reyn, can I ask you something personal?"

"Go for It."

"Are you in a relationship?"

"No, you got to remember, I was on the fucking prison colony for three years."

"There were no women there?"

"Well there were but none of them were my type."

Jade looked at Reyn. He was what she had wanted. Reyn had a toned body from fighting in the wars. Reyn's dark skin didn't hid all the scars and you loved every bit of it. He was maybe 6'6 and 250lb of toned muscle. Reyn had long black hair with silver streaks. He wore it in a ponytail that went to the tip of his back. Reyn was still talking but she didn't care> He was wearing a black t-shirt with U.E.F. in grey printed on it. He had on grey camo jeans and a grey vest over his tee. Reyn usually wore dark round sunglasses but she had seen his eyes when she was younger. They were a dark red due to a surgery they had given Special Operations soldiers. She was going to have him tonight

Reyn had been in Jade's office for about six hours as it was approaching ten. Reyn had only come to pick up his belongings and car. Reyn saw where this conversation was going and knew it was time to go. 

"Jade it's been nice and all but, I got to go so can I get my stuff that Terry was holding for me."

Jade knew that she had to think fast or Reyn would be gone. Who knew when she would have a chance to get him again? 

"Sure Reyn." Jade replied.

"But do you have a place to stay?" Jade followed.

"No. I was going to look for one tomorrow and tonight I was originally going to sleep at Raiden's place." 

Jade got up from the couch in front of the fireplace and walked toward Reyn.

"You were one of my father's best men. I couldn't let you sleep in a hotel or live anywhere but here."

"No I'll just get my own place but, I will stay tonight it's late and I need some rest."

Jade knew that Reyn would answer like just like that. She plotted her next move and she was ready for him.

"Reyn, I have to attend to some business." Jade said as she walked to a door on the far side of the room. 

"Davis will show you to your room after it's prepared." 

Reyn was ready to say something but then changed his mind and went back to swirling his drink around in the glass. Reyn got up and walked to the window overlooking New Liberty. Raiden and he had grown up here; both were from the middle-class District known as Liberty Hill.Reyn turned around when he heard the voice behind him.

"Mr. Ferris your room is ready." A man looking in his late fifties said. Reyn had seen this man awhile back when he worked for Terry. 

Reyn followed the man in to the hallway Jade had gone down. Reyn looked at this hallways design. There were three doors on each side and one large one at the end of the hall. The older man told Reyn that his room is the second on the right. Reyn walked down the hall and opened the door. The room was huge, it had a widow that ran the entire wall, A large screen over a fireplace, and a full kitchen. Reyn closed the door and walked into the bedroom he laid down the small duffel bag he was carrying. Reyn found the closet and Drawers were all filled and his case he left before going to the colony was in the corner. 

Reyn decided to take a shower since he hadn't got one all day. Reyn entered the large bathroom and proceeded to take his shower. He spent about twenty minutes in the shower and was ready to lay in bed and relax. Reyn walked out the shower in just a towel and when he got back to the bedroom, Jade was sitting on the bed in a black robe.

"I knew this would happen." Reyn said with a smirk on his face.

"Does it bother you?" jade responded.

"Not really. I just didn't think that it was going like this tonight."

Reyn walked to the bed and pushed Jade down. Jade looked right into Reyn's eyes, Reyn evoked fear in her to some extent but another part of her felt safe. Reyn bit softly on her neck and moved down to her chest. He ripped open the robe and grabbed her breast. Jade cried out as if in pain. Reyn looked at her. 

"I'm sorry for being so rough." Reyn said as he looked away. 

Jade grabbed Reyn and pulled him back on top of her.

"Now you listen here! I have control over a whole criminal empire and have had more than my share of men. They all seemed afraid of my power and never gave me the sex I wanted. So when I finally get a man who can give me the sex I want, he acts like a fucking cunt!" 

Reyn's faced changed expression he went from a look of guilt to a psychotic smirk on his face. He knew what she wanted now and was ready to give her more than she could ever want. Jade saw this look of pure evil on his face, this was what she had wanted. Reyn ripped the rest of her robe off and put his head between her legs and bit her thong off. He turned his head and spit the thong on the floor. Reyn dove down burying his head in her cunt. Reyn bit her clit as screamed in pleasure, her juices gushing on the bed and Reyn's face. Reyn spread her legs and tongued her as deep as possible. Jade twisted and turned as Reyn continued his attack. Reyn raised his head and looked upon his work Jade looked as if she was in a coma. Reyn wiped his mouth and planned his next move. Jade finally looked up.

"Shit! That was good. I've never had anything like that." Jade stated heavily sweating and panting.

Jade started walking towards the door.

"Where are you going?" Reyn asked as Jade was approaching the door.

"That was too much for one night. I'll see you in the morning."

Reyn's sadistic smile grew as he approached behind her. Reyn grabbed her over his shoulder.

"Reyn what are you doing?" Jade said in a panic.

"You said you never got fucked the way you wanted to. You were all ways in control but know I'm in control and I'm about to make up for lost time." 

Jade thought as Reyn carried her back to the bed. This had been what she had wanted but this was not the Reyn she had wanted it from. Reyn was known to have two personalities one that was the everyday Reyn and one that was a killer and downright sadistic. She questioned to herself is this the Reyn she had wanted all along but her thoughts were cut short as a pain shot though her body as Reyn violently entered her. Jade was about to yell when she felt Reyn's tongue invade her mouth. Jade decide this was what she wanted and she wanted more. Reyn pulled back and rammed into her again. He felt Jade scream in his mouth. As he entered again jade hade another orgasm, she soaked the sheet and Reyn's thighs. Reyn never slowed down to check on her.

Reyn rolled Jade over onto her stomach and lifted her ass so that is was sitting in the air. Jade grabbed a pillow and put her face deep into it. Reyn spit on ass hole as he spread her cheeks. Jade has ready to have Reyn enter her again when he jammed three fingers in her pussy. Reyn pulled out his hand. The taste was perfect, now back to his real objective. Reyn drove hard into her pussy, he pounded away and then he pulled her all the way down, when she leaned up in reaction he grabbed her tits firmly and was squeezing hard. Jade felt pain but she was getting so much pleasure from this "assault". Reyn pushed her down on the bed again and put his tongue deep in her ass. Jade screamed in pleasure as she had never had this level of sex in her life. Reyn pulled out of Jade, she was worth all the wait and know he had her.

"Reyn, I want you to fuck my ass." Jade said in a state of bliss.

Reyn looked down on jade it's not like he was waiting for her permission. He just hadn't been planning on doing it. Reyn turned Jade on her back and forced his whole length in to her tight ass. Jade almost fainted but was brought back when she felt Reyn spread her pussy lips and insert two fingers in her. Jade could not believe this pleasure but she wanted more. 

"Reyn...I..want...your whole hand." Jade said having trouble getting sentences out as Reyn continued. Reyn inserted his entire hand in Jade while he took the other hand to her breast. Jade was completely in the throws of orgasm when Reyn pulled out and unloaded on her face. Jade was spent, she took her finger and wiped her face slowly licking each finger of the cum that Reyn had released. Jade looked at Reyn. 

"How was it? I prove myself to you?" Reyn said still smirking.

When Jade was about to respond she looked at Reyn again. He was back to normal; she kept her answer to herself and rushed out the room. Reyn knew what had happened even though he wasn't in control he had seen the whole thing. Reyn went to the closet and grabbed some clothes. Reyn was just finishing getting dressed when his phone rang.

"Hello? Reyn it's Raiden listen man they want you and me to do a mission."

"Who wants us to do a mission?" Reyn said barely paying attention.

"U.E.F. they want us to do a security detail on a research space station.

"I just got back can't someone else do it." Reyn said pacing around the room.

"They said it's personal and it's got a nice pay check, man."

"Fine I'm in. When do we leave? Reyn said with a sigh.

"Tonight I'll see you at the base in two hours." Raiden said as he hung up.

"So you're leaving again?" Jade said from behind.

"Yeah, I'll see you later" Reyn said as he packed his bag. 

"Your gear and car are outside the main entrance." Jade said with her head held down.

Reyn left the room and proceeded out the building. He didn't know what was coming in the future but he was ready for it.

*

Author's note: Hey tell me what you think I've already started chapter 2 so give me some feedback.