 Once upon a time there lived in a certain small town a sweet girl of eighteen. She was well liked in the community, and because of her shoulder-length red hair everyone called her 'Red.'

This girl had an affliction of an unfortunate sort, for Red was deeply sheltered. Her single mother was quite theologically ingrained, and monitored Red the entirety of her life. It was a consequence of the mother having known too many trickster men, and thus mother deflected the ensuing pain onto daughter. She would give Red the same stern warning, which had been repeated so frequently and so often that Red knew it as well as a popular song or poem:

"You should never talk to strange boys, for you may find them to be hungry wolves. Wolves can be charming, quiet, unassuming, complacent and sweet. They will pursue you at home and in the streets. The gentle wolves are the most dangerous of all."

Though Red believed her mother was overreacting, she nevertheless feared and watched for these types.

One day, her mother, having baked a cake and bought some wine, said to Red, "deliver this basket to Pastor Franklin down the street. It's my thanks for his contributions to the Purity Ball. Behave yourself on the way. Don't forget to say 'good morning' and don't be nosy. And don't leave the street! You go straight there and straight back. I'll be watching the clock." 

"No problem," Red shrugged. 

Red walked the street, well-aware her mother was frequently parting the curtains. Red was halfway to Pastor Franklin's townhouse when her peripheral vision caught a curious sight. Instead of the familiar strip mall that contained the dying video store, the local discount tobacco, and the Christian book trader, there was instead an unfamiliar line of trees bathed in a thick fog. 

The new change in Red's everyday environment intrigued her. She tried to wave it off, continuing down the street toward Pastor Franklin's, but it was as if this forest was calling her, begging her to peek. 

"Oh, what's one quick look?" Red asked herself.

Any minute now, she thought, her cellphone would bellow with angry text messages. As Red grew closer to the woods she heard no such alerts. Perhaps her mother was distracted; that pot of butter she'd picked up at the store was said to have dire consequences on the digestive tract.

Red found an oval opening in the trees. A path stretched into the forest as if a way had been cleared for her. Red, captivated by what lay beyond, wandered further in. When the path broke, she drifted right. When it broke again, she took another right, and then a left. Beauty had always captured Red's attention, and this forest was beauty personified. The towering trees were topped with lush greenery, their bases accented with shrubs. The grayness of that Saturday morn soon cleared; sunlight brought out the forest's true splendor. 

Left, left, right, left, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right...so mesmorized was Red that she became absent-minded, and when she remembered her mother, the basket, and Pastor Franklin, Red realized she had gone too far. Further introspection told her she was lost. 

Red became frightened. The forest was a maze with no escape. She tried to remember landmark. Right, right, left, right, down, down, up, up, left, right, left...all sense of wonder had been replaced by a terrible fear. Red restrained hot tears. 

"Stupid, stupid girl!" she scolded herself. 

To make matters worse, Red's phone bore an indicator of 'NO SERVICE.' She wouldn't be able to call anyone, even her mother, the last person to whom Red wanted to reach out. 

Tears and the sobs crashed through. Red fell against a tree trunk and slid into a weeping ball. 

A voice, deep and booming, captured her attention. 

"Got you, you sly devil," it roared. 

Red came face to face with a man. He was quite tall and built of pure muscle. A bushy crimson beard, darker in tone than Red's hair, hung to his chest, and upon his back was strapped the largest ax she'd ever seen. 

The sudden appearance frightened Red once more, as the man recalled her mother's old warning. Was he one of those boys? Was he a 'wolf?' He seemed innocent enough. 

"Are you alright, miss?" he asked gently. 

Wolves can be charming, quiet, assuming, complacent and sweet.

"I'm fine."

She hoped her response would have the man leaving her be. Instead he moved closer. Red was preparing to flee when the man knelt.

"A stranger to this land, shedding such distraught tears? I would think the opposite, miss," he said in a concerned tone. "If such is the case, I can be of assistance."

Red sniffled. "I'm lost."

The man nodded. "I assumed so. Such is the plight of all strangers who enter Sadia's realm."

"Sadia? I, I want to go home," Red sobbed. "I didn't mean to wander this far."

"Pardon my bluntness, miss, but when outsiders enter here the door closes and locks behind them. You could search the forest all you'd like, but you won't find an exit."

This news panicked Red. "What!? You're lying!" 

The man stood to full height. "I do not lie. However...say, what's in that basket there, miss?"

"Wine, and, and cake," Red wept. 

He smiled. "In that case there is a door out, so be in good spirits, miss! You're likely to find your way home by consulting Sadia."

"Who, is Sadia?" Red asked, slowly brightening. 

"Sadia is the all-knowing ruler of this land," the man explained. "You seem to me an intelligent girl, but know once more that I speak with no dishonesty intended. Sadia has special powers. She grants wishes to those who bear her gifts, and a basket of wine and cake would be a small price to have a door opened for you."

"You mean it?" Red beamed.

"With all my heart and my soul and by my code of honor," the man said. "By the way..." he put out a rough, meaty hand. "...name's Hunter. I am in Sadia's service."

Red shook his large palm. Hunter's grip was yielding but strong, and he smelled quite pleasant. Her cheeks warmed. 

"How do I find this Sadia?" Red asked. 

"Follow that path and do not break from it," Hunter pointed. "Sadia's dwelling is exactly fifteen minutes from where we stand. When you come upon three tall and domineering oak trees flanked by two hazel bushes, you have found her." 

"Thank you," Red said with sincerity. 

As she went on her way, she noticed she felt a strange. Her face was considerably warmer than before, and her palms were sweating. 

****

A few moments ago Red had despaired Now, thanks to a kind stranger, she could go home again. Perhaps her mother had been wrong. Not all men were 'wolves.' In all likelihood most of them were probably like Hunter. It made Red wonder what else her mother had exaggerated. 

Red was not aware that Hunter, in his own bout of absentmindedness, had forgotten to give her vital advice. He would not realize this until he was far away in another part of the forest.

He spotted her not five minutes into her new mission and was forced to restrain himself. This stranger's body was so alluring that an urge arose to take her where she stood. Her denim jeans hugged her rump, putting round, gluten orbs on display. She wore a modest and conservative blouse cut just below her neck, but there was no denying what lay underneath. Her breasts were soft and plump, jiggling with each stride. It made his mouth water. 

Why is she here, he wondered? But he did not wonder long. She was on her to see Sadia, no doubt, to trade the basket for her freedom. 

He wanted her and would have her, but to accomplish this goal he would have to be careful. Sadia granted wishes. He would simply request one. He was well-aware that he possessed magic of his own, that of manipulating and convincing that had come naturally to him since birth, but his powers of seduction were of no use. If he sweet-talked this girl into laying with him he would want savor her as long as he was able. Then Hunter would find him. 

"What trickery did you use upon this sweet girl!?" Hunter would surely demand. Then down with the ax, for this was the game Hunter and he were forever cast to play. His prime role was to trick, deceive, and then move away quickly. 

Casually, keeping his desires in check, he strolled onto the pathway. The girl looked at the newcomer with curiosity. His frame was slim and average. He had short, curly brown hair. Upon his face was a goatee and spectacles.

"And what's your name?" the girl asked. 

He smiled, but not too widely. "I would be void of manners if I did not ask your name first." 

"Oh. Heh. Well, anybody other than mama calls me Red."

"Pleased to meet you, Red," he responded with charm and sweetness. "My name is Wo..."

He cleared his throat. "My name, is Wilbur. Wilbur Grayson. I am assuming you are lost. Am I correct in this assessment?" 

Red nodded sadly. "Yeah. I'm on my way to see someone named Sadia. She's supposed to help me get home again."

"That's quite a coincidence!" 'Wilbur' said. "For you see, I, too came from another world, and ever since I've wandered with no hope of escape. I am also on my to Sadia, so that she may grant my wish and allow me to go home. Unfortunately I do not know the way to her; otherwise I would have done this moons ago."

"I'm sorry," Red said with sympathy. "But if you're lost, Mister Grayson, I just got directions to her house from a nice man named Hunter."

'Wilbur' suppressed a scowl. "Could you share them with me? I would be forever in your debt!"

"Sure! It's, um, ten minutes or so down this path. All you do is keep going in this direction until you see three big oak trees and two shrubs."

"Oh thank you miss! Thank you so much!" 'Wilbur' bowed gracefully. "And, and I assume that what's in the basket is your gift to her?"

"I guess it'll have to do!" Red chuckled. "I'll just tell mama I slipped and dropped these."

"What might 'these' be, if I am allowed to pry?"

"Oh." Red peeked into her basket. "A chocolate cake and a bottle of wine."

"Interesting. But if I may make a suggestion, Sadia may want more than what you carry."

Red tilted he hear head. "More? What do you mean?"

"Cake and wine have their places," 'Wilbur' explained, holding back a smirk. "But wishes are indeed quite powerful things. When talking of such power, your contributions must be equally powerful."

"What else do you think she'd like?" Red asked.

"Hm. Well." 'Wilbur' pretended to look around him. "Ah, these flowers should be welcome addition to your basket!"

It was the first time Red noticed them: roses, sunflowers, irises, tulips, carnations and daisies, colors of all kinds, stretching out into a wide woodland garden. 

"I've never seen so many beautiful flowers!" Red exclaimed. 

"And Sadia will be as astounded as you," 'Wilbur' assured her. "You should pick as many varieties as you can fit in that basket. Sadia may grant your wish without you even asking, for you are not the first lost soul who has come through here."

"I think that'd be a great idea!" Red agreed. She wandered off the path to sift through the flowers. 

When Red's back was turned, 'Wilbur' allowed his grin to surface.

This is wonderful, he thought. Not only is she a sweet, young and tasty bite for me, she's also an extraordinarily stupid girl. By the time she finishes this side-errand, I will have finally found Sadia's house and I will have my wish.

Down the path 'Wilbur' traveled, slowing when he noticed a tightness in his pants. His erect member was so hard and demanding that 'Wilbur' was tempted to remedy it. But he had to keep going. He intended to save every drop of his burning, backed up seed for his sweet Red.

****

Hydrangeas! Jasmines! Gardenias! Red was beside herself. It wouldn't take long to fill her basket. She reminded herself not to get distracted, for distraction was the antagonist that had gotten her lost to begin with. 

All the flowers emitted a pleasant scent. It filled Red's nostrils and her mind felt a prickling. Her muscles relaxed; her worries left her. 

She had been wandering the forest for so long that her energy was depleted. She wished to nap in the endless flower field but perished the notion. Soon Red would have her wish and be home. After dealing with her inevitable punishment she'd sleep comfortably in her own bed, a real bed. 

More flowers went into the basket. As Red bent down to pick roses, she noticed her face had grown hot again. Her upper chest had also warmed. The flowery scent drifted a relaxing sonnet through her body and soul. Tingling heat coursed up her arms. Red decided she was getting too comfortable and resolved to finish this task and return to the road. 

All the same, it was quite hot out here. The forest temperature had been comfortable before, but now the heat had risen to the point of distraction. Red wondered what had brought about such a sudden change.

Four flowers later, Red caught the sound of her breathing. Her lungs were weakening. Her blouse had become awfully uncomfortable. Long sleeves covered her arms, and her neckline was so tight that it was akin to a choker. Underneath, her bare skin had broken out in torrential sweat. 

Her trembling hands moved of their own accord. They undid the outfit, one button after the other. 

Quit it! You were raised to be modest. If Mister Grayson or Mister Hunter walked by and saw you shirtless, what would mama say? What if Sadia doesn't tolerate slutty acting girls? 

Four buttons remained. Now there were three. Two. 

Red grasped a handful of her left breast. The sensation sent pleasure currents in all directions, hitting sensitive areas of her body. 

One button. Zero. 

Another heavy tingling erupted in her loins. Red's panties dampened. Her blouse was cast aside, thrown over the flowers. She lowered a bra strap. She sucked two fingers.

Stop this. Stop this now! 

Red's willpower withered away. She collapsed in the flowers, reduced to a helpless organism of sweat, heat and desire. Her bra tore in her hasty fingers. Two pale breasts sprang free and felt the breeze. Red's aureole, both half-dollar wide and an inch thick from the base, were so sensitive that touching them was comparable to electric shock. Her crotch melted into a mess of juices. 

Red lay on her back, tweaking a nipple and fumbling with her jeans, her mind as compromised as her modesty. The temperature hit an intolerable level. Every touch made Red hotter and hotter, wanting more.

Her jeans slid to her knees. She gritted her teeth when her digits invaded her panties and sank into warm wetness. Unbeknownst to her mother, Red kept her pubic hair groomed to a crimson strip as she found too much hair to be cluttered and unsightly, despite having never exposed her private regions to anyone. 

Now that sparse hair was matted down. Red massaged her bare lips with no pacing. She was too desperate to focus on any rhythm. Desperate for what she did not know, having been raised in a house where 'bad girls' asked questions or considered such matters. All Red understood was that she wouldn't, couldn't stop. 

Her nipples stiffened between her fingers. Instinct drove her to slide two into the depths of her tight, slick crevice. Having found a preferred speed, Red worked the fingers in and out, soon adding a third. 

Her face was a darker red than her hair. She writhed in the flowerbed, tossing her head this way and that. She still smelled the flowers, as intoxicating as ever, now mixed with a new scent. Breathing all of it in was almost too much to bear; it brought Red to new heights of ecstasy as her fingers plunged in her moistened tunnel. Her other hand teased her breasts.

Brief sobriety brought her mind back to the two men. What if they were watching and Red hadn't noticed? She decided she didn't care; she wanted them to watch her. She wanted them to stand over her naked body and stare at her with awe, even though that was what 'bad girls' wanted.

"Then, then I'll be, a bad girl," Red gasped.

The upper part of her vulva was the most sensitive. She rubbed the spot in circles as the other hand massaged her swollen lips. In her fantasies Wilber and Hunter were indeed watching her, except they were also were reaching into their trousers for...for what? Oh, there was something men had. They were pulling it out, and though Red had never gazed upon one to know its structure and anatomy, she knew it had to be something wonderful. 

Red kept going, pleasuring herself and sucking juices off her fingers. A feeling began in her stomach and swirled outward like a maelstrom. Whatever it consumed during its expansion numbed with pleasure. It slowly spread to her breasts, her arms, her thighs and down her legs. It lingered.

Then it exploded and dropped upon Red all at once. Her mind and body sizzled, the sensation so intense that Red wasn't aware her fingers were still moving. Her world went out of focus. She screamed a piercing wail. Her hips rose and she thrashed in the flowerbed, consumed by hellishly wonderful fire. 

Red's voice went hoarse. Her soaked fingers slowed like a machine powering down. She was covered from forehead to toes in sweat. She relaxed. 

She knew she'd wasted too much time and needed to get back on the trail to Sadia's house. Indeed, these flowers would make the perfect gift. If they could bring Red such strange pleasures, surely Sadia would also enjoy them. 

That would all have to happen in good time. First, Red needed to do that again. 

****

There were the three giant oak trees and the shrubs beneath them. Enclosed within them was a cottage, a small dwelling for a goddess, he thought. He stalked up the path with a wicked grin on his features.

He cleared his throat and rapped upon the wooden door. 

"Who comes knocking?" said a woman's voice. 

"A poor humble wanderer, lost in your realm, seeks your guidance," he answered. 

There was a pause, followed by an angry, "I know not, I know not!" that grew closer until the door opened.

Sadia was as beautiful as Red. She looked surprisingly youthful, and had long dark hair that reached her lower back. Her brown eyes were oval shaped, accented by shadow. Her lips were full, her mouth a slight larger than her nose. Large breasts protruded against a corset, tops exposed. The corset also exposed her midriff. She wore long black stockings and ruby shoes. 

"Hello madam," he began. "My name is—"

"—I know who you are," Sadia sharply cut him off, her face scrunched into a scowl. "Do you take me for a fool? I own this forest. I rule this realm. Did you honestly think I'd be so naïve as to not recognize the most dastardly of foes, Wolf ?"

"Indeed not!" Wolf chuckled. "But please know that I meant no insult or offense."

"Your mere presence at my door is an insult and an offense of the worst kind," Sadia spat. "Now away with you, and be glad I have been merciful enough not to turn you to dust."

Wolf caught the door before it closed. "Madam, madam please. I must speak with you. It is quite urgent."

Sadia exhaled an annoyed sigh. "Be quick about it, and then be on your way."

Wolf cleared his throat again. "Well, I, I have come, well, because I have a wish to request."

Sadia burst out laughing."You, a wish? Stop with your jokes."

"I do not joke."

She stared at him a long moment. 

"This I shall have to hear, if only for my own fleeting amusement." Sadia stepped aside. "Come in, then."

The interior was far larger than the outside. Wolf stood in an elegant foyer that sparkled from rays of sunshine. A carpeted staircase parted the room. Banisters lined the second floor. 

"Well? Out with it," Sadia said. 

Wolf realized this would not be so easily spoken. The thought was one thing, quite another before a goddess.

