 Some weeks passed. Lis and Lawrence settled into the rhythm of life together. They found interests to share, exploring the countryside, finding favorite places to picnic, a lovely little grotto where they could swim. Without the incessant electronic jabber of their former techno world, they had time to appreciate each other, good books, a meal carefully prepared, the play of firelight, the sound of music when one or the other would play.

One morning, as the sun blushed its dawn, the early bird of the two woke and grinned. Fun time! She'd wanted to surprise Lawrence this way for some time. His breathing indicated deep slumber. Perfect. They'd been up late last night. She slid from bed, cleaned up, scrubbed teeth, shaved quickly, but carefully, perfume, a little make up. Lis grabbed a black teddy and slipped into it. She felt dressed to do the town.

She slowly lifted the covers off Lawrence, in order to keep from disturbing him. His breathing was her barometer. While looking at him, she began purposefully to masturbate, proceeding until she felt dampness as a response to her own touch. Now, to get him ready. With extreme slowness, she slid onto the bed behind him and began to roll him onto his back, using her body as a wedge to prevent his body from tensing and waking him. After a few minutes, she had him where she wanted him. Her nipples hardened in anticipation. She checked and was wetter than ever. Borrowing some of her dampness on her fingers, she carefully lifted his flaccid cock and began very gentle, very subtle ministrations to tease it to erectness. A hitch in his breathing caused her to freeze and glance quickly at his face for signs he was awakening, but his breathing settled again and she began her tender urgings once more.

There! He was ready. Balancing very carefully, she positioned her knees on either side of his body, fitted the head of his cock to her pussy and slid down the glorious hardness of him. His hips rose to meet her and she laid her body on his, and began whispering in his ear, kissing him, and murmuring, "Wake up, sleepyhead! Time for the chores!" As she did this her hips pulsed in a regular up and down rhythm and he grew with each stroke to fill her.

"Good morning, sweet cakes! What are you up to?"

"'Tis not I who's up!" Lis laughed. She kissed him soundly and sat back. She could feel him filling her, making a delicious hot center to her being. She leaned forward offering her breasts for his attention, slipping up his shaft and back down again. Lis hummed with pleasure as he pulled her nipple into his mouth, nibbling and sucking. In response, her hips began to press her swollen clit into his body, her breathing deepened and settled into a faster pace. Pulling back from him, she began a steady rocking motion until she felt his orgasm begin its deep throb within her and he voiced his ecstacy, and soon matched him with her own voice her hot cunny almost sucking him dry. Sweat shone on her body, her hips twitched in a slowing pace reaching languor. She collapsed on his chest, her mouth at his neck and purred her pleasure. His hands stroked her back lightly, almost tickling in their feather touch. From time to time he reached to kiss her mouth gently and she lifted her face to his. At length she dropped into a doze. 

Suddenly, his arms wrapped around her like an iron vise and he flipped their bodies over, assuming the ascendant position. Raising his body on one arm to get a better view, he said, "Minx! Vixen! Bitch!"

Lis grinned at this teasing and lifted her hips to meet his. What a delight this man who never seemed to tire of her. He began a campaign on her body with his mouth, beginning with her hypersensitive ears and neck, moving to the soft skin of her breasts. Her hands moved to direct his path, arching her back to offer her nipples to his attention. He deftly dodged her, gathering her wrists in one hand and pinning them. He disengaged and slid perpendicular to her, his still erect member painting a path of their commingled juices over her body.

Lawrence continues his assault on her senses, feathery touches, followed by delicate tongue tastings, a little air blown on damp delicate skin followed by warm breath, warmer lips and a gentle tongue. He has loosed her hands and they play on his shoulders, his neck, through his hair, his ear as Lis surrenders to his touch. He weaves magic in her senses. As he works his way down her body, seeking the prize of which his most fond, his body swings parallel with hers. His hands seek the inside of her thighs, spreading her legs, opening her to him. She is now moaning involuntarily with nearly every breath. Her hands seek his legs and begin their own search. The sensitive skin on the inside of his thighs responds to her touch and his legs open to her, in invitation. Lis finds and begins gentle attentions to his testicles, pulled tight to his body and loosening at her urging, to submit to her probing and touch. He has arrived at the center of her, spread her lips and now strokes drawing her moistness to slick his target. The feel of his touch and anticipating his mouth drives Lis to the edge of orgasm. She is now begging for his tongue, his mouth, his hand to help her slip over the edge. As if to drive him to a like frenzy, her hand begins to stroke his cock, causing it to swell and his hips to press into her attentions. Each is drifting into that ecstatic blindness with all feeling and all thought centered on driving the intense pleasure to its apex and the delicious release of the tension that heralds orgasm. Lawrence's cock is now throbbing and begins it's jettison release; Lis's cunt spasms over and over. Lawrence's voice again splits the morning, and a duet is sounded as Lis finds her release.

In a few minutes, they are again in each other's arms, cuddling and reveling in the delightful glow that surrounds them, as if they were the only two in the world. And in this world, they are.