 Note: A dear fan suggested that Larry and Chuck were hardly appropriate names for Masters. So..... They have become Lawrence and Charles. Thanks for bearing with me, dear readers.

* * * * * * * * *    

Mollified , Lis pitched in to help pack up the wagon. How could she have been angry at Lawrence? God! She loved him so. Passing to and fro, she reached to touch him, anywhere. With everything put away, the horse in its traces, Lawrence climbed up to the seat and then patted the seat next to himself. "Me?" Lis asked. He nodded. She clambered up and snuggled next to him for the trip to his home, her hand possessively resting on his thigh, gently stroking.

A few hours later, Lawrence pulled up to his home. "My lady, your castle." Lis was impressed. She would have been happy with a hovel and this was not a hovel. In fact, it did bear a strong resemblance to a manor or castle.

"We'll have guests, soon. I suggest you prepare." Lawrence said.

"Who?" Lis asked.

"Charles and his slave girl."

"Just when I get you to myself! You invite guests?!"

"Yes, my dear. You seemed interested in Charles. I thought I'd give you the chance to get to know him a bit better."

Lis and Lawrence proceeded inside. Inside the doorway, Lawrence again kissed her, and she him. When he kissed her, Lis felt like she would melt from the fire ignited in her being by his touch. She was prepared to spend the rest of her life right here, kissing him. After a suitable interval, Lawrence again reminded her of her guests who would arrive momentarily. "I don't know where anything is," she complained.

"I'll help, this time." Lawrence said.

They set out glasses, wine, snacks, cheese. As Lis was still wandering around looking at the layout of her new home, a knock sounded at the door. "Company," Lawrence called. "Answer the door."

Again conscious of her nudity, Lis opened the door, covering herself with its opacity and peeping around the edge. "Come in, please, Master," she said. "Hello, Marissa." Marissa nodded in return, following her master.

Charles greeted Lawrence with a knowing grin. The two men went to the sitting room and settled themselves in the pair of comfortable chairs before the fire, which was beginning to warm the room and chase away the shadows of evening. Lis and Marissa trailed. There was no place for them to sit, other than the floor. Marissa settled gracefully to the floor at Charles's feet. Lis started to settle on the arm of Lawrence's chair. "Would our guest like something to drink?" Prodded by Lawrence's suggestion, Lis hurried to offer wine, something to eat. 

"Just wine," Charles answered. She poured glasses of wine for the men and delivered them. The men began small talk about where to find good slaves. Lis stood behind Lawrence. Boring and dangerous topic, she thought. She began languorously drawing her fingertips up the side of his neck, playing around his ear and then in his hair, down the back of his neck, and a little shoulder rub. She bent down, pressing her breasts on his neck and shoulders, and whispered, "Wanna play?"

A smile and a quick tweak of her nipple was his answer. Her response was immediate. She blushed furiously because of the audience. After some additional time was spent in chatting, Lawrence asked his guests, "Care to join us upstairs?"

"Thought you'd never ask," replied Charles. "Come along Marissa."

Lawrence took the lead and Lis brought up the rear, wondering what Lawrence had in mind. He knew of her one "swap" experience, so why this when that was so miserable. Oh, well, may as well give in gracefully.

They settled into the large bedroom upstairs. "Ladies! Our guest seems unreasonably encumbered for this project. Help him into appropriate attire." Marissa practically leaped out of her skin, rushing to do his bidding, kneeling at Charles's feet and working his boots, belt and trousers. Lis sauntered over and began unbuttoning his shirt: cuff, cuff, top button, second button slowly while staring into his eyes. She slid his vest off, then his shirt, admiring his fitness and mentally comparing it to Lawrence's. Lawrence won. Charles was slender and masculine, but not overly well- defined or bulky. She smiled a secret smile. 

As she stood folding Charles's shirt, Lawrence came up behind her and demanded her attention. He'd taken care of his own encumbrances and was now skin to skin behind her. A delicious feeling. Marissa was still on the floor, but beginning attentions to Charles's semi-soft cock. Visual stimulation was having its effect on Lis and she could feel Lawrence's rising interest in the same view as his hands slipped around her ribs to fondle her breasts and play with her hardening nipples. She pressed against him, subtly undulating her body side to side leading with her shoulders, her buttocks sliding over his now erect member. She reached behind her to play with him trailing fingers up the inner fronts of his thighs, upward to the fold of thigh and abdomen, up over his hips to grasp his buttocks and pull him to her.

Charles's moan drew her attention. Marissa now had him fully engorged and his attention was focused on his shaft as it slid into her mouth and out, one hand forming an extension of her warm maw and the other tickling and teasing his balls. The glistening shaft caught the light, its purple head making an appearance, followed by Marissa's tongue which then seemed to tease it back as it slid into the hot cradle of her mouth.

Groaning mightily, Charles disengaged from Marissa's attentions, and drew her to standing, momentarily crushing her against his body before turning her to face Lis. The men formed a hard sandwich to the girls' softnesses. Pressing them together, their breasts available to both mens' hands, their cocks slid in the dark warm centers between the girls' legs, now coating them with a slick wetness. Not quite knowing whose hands were touching where was titillating. Marissa reached between Lis's legs to tickle and tease her and the member she found there. Lis's hand massaged Marissa's nubbin, reaching back to draw slickness from her pussy, and teasing Charles's cock with a gentle massage against the opening it sought. She was rewarded with a strong thrust first from Marissa, then from Charles. At the same time, searing heat was rising in her clit, begging stimulation. Lawrence's cock teased at her sensitive opening and she canted her hips to receive him.

Lawrence herded them all to a tumble on the waiting bed. Access became easier. Lis moved to offer Lawrence some of the pleasures Marissa had delivered to Charles. She sucked gently on his balls, taking one then the other into her mouth and running her tongue over the surface, probing gently. She then moved up his shaft, stroking gently and running her tongue around the head before engulfing it, deep in her throat. Lawrence began ministering to Marissa's clit, eliciting cries from her as her hand stroked Charles's cock. Charles sucked Lis's nipples then moved down her body to her shaved sex, tickling and sucking moans from her.

In the tangle of arms legs and mouths, things moved and changed until the male/female pairings sorted out again, each moving toward his or her own orgasm with the sights and sounds of the other pair driving them to new delights of sensation. Then, sated, they snuggled into the comfort of their partner's arms, kissing quietly, and stroking the excitement into the ultimate calm.

Soon the guests retired to the guest suite. Lawrence and Lis kissed and walked and touched and hugged toward the tub and refreshing bubbles, water and mutual scrubbings.