 Here we are again, hopefully until I take this one to the end. 

I want to thank my followers for their support, and my haters... please stop wasting your time. 

This is a work of fiction: any resemblance with actual entities or individuals is pure coincidence. 

This is the first time I give this kind of warning: you may want to skip Alexander's part in this chapter, as his words and behavior could hurt some sensibilities. 

Credit and especial thanks to Red_Sky_Reader for her editing and her overall help in creating this chapter, I hope we can keep it going for a long time. 

********** 

"He is not one of us, the tests have made it clear". 

From the haze between slumber and vigil. Rich heard an unknown man's voice. 

"Then the tests must be wrong. I know what I felt coming from him, and you know as well as I do that no normal person could have saved us the way he did. He ripped off the damn seat belt with his bare hands, for God's sake!" The answer came from an equally unknown voice, this one from a woman. 

After a sigh, the man answered. "You know as well as I do that humans can achieve that level of strength during extreme situations, it's not the first time." While the woman have been speaking vehemently, the man just sounded tired... and sad? 

Muffled steps sounded on the carpet, and the man's voice sounded lower and softer: "I know he made you feel the pull, and I myself wish that the tests were wrong; after all I'm your father and I wish for your happiness over anything else, but if you stay close to him you will only feel pain and despair. Just to be sure, additional tests are being made to make sure he's not another thing. You have to get away from him and hope that the pull will wear off with time." 

Richter felt a sudden and inexplicable fear grip at his heart, followed by an equally inexplicable anger. As he was trying to understand his own emotions, Rich heard the family conversation stop when the father suddenly hushed his daughter. 

"Don't say anything else, I can hear a change in his breathing and heartbeat, he's waking up". After walking up to his bed, the man spoke to Rich in a soft voice, but with confidence and a certain tone of authority. "Take it easy, boy. For now just try to open your eyes slowly". 

Richter opened his eyes slowly as he was commanded, and when his sight cleared up, he found a good looking middle-aged man standing by his bed. His dark black hair had a blueish shine to it, though it was starting to whiten at the temples, and his honey-colored eyes looked at him amiably from behind his black wellington glasses. 

Rich tried to raise himself to a sitting position, but the man put a hand on his shoulder pushing him down kindly but firmly. 

"You are suffering from malnutrition, and the exercise you did last night didn't help. You've been out for more than eighteen hours due to exhaustion". 

The man moved a chair to sit by the bed before going on with a frown on his brow. "Don't take this amiss, my daughter and I are thankful as you can't imagine for saving us, but I hope you understand that precisely because of the state you were in when you found us, I need to know who you are and what were you doing there so late at night. If you are in a tough spot, or you need any kind of help, don't doubt we will do anything we can to help you; we owe you or lives after all, but we need you to tell us the truth". 

Rich moved to stare at the ceiling instead of the man, his mind racing to find the right answer. Obviously, he could not tell anything about the incident with the fat pervert in the alley, given that even he couldn't believe he had killed a man ripping his throat with his bare hands. All the while, his gaze was attracted to the blond woman in the corner. 

After a few more seconds, Rich decided to go with the bare minimum and come up with something to cover the rest: "I turned eighteen years old a few days ago. When that happened, my foster family kicked me out of their house because the government no longer payed them for having me there. I've been thinking about what I could do since then, though I was almost convinced that my only choice was going to a recruitment office to join the army tomorrow... or today, I guess. Last night I was at the park waiting for the closing hour of the restaurants because an older homeless woman told me that if you're lucky you can get scraps before they throw them into the trash". 

A loud bang was heard in the room, and Rich saw that the blond woman had beaten the table by her side. "They are inhuman! How can anyone do that kind of thing to another person and live with a clean conscience?" 

She looked genuinely furious, and for some reason that pleased Rich, but he found it strange that her complexion seemed to have gotten pale instead of going red. He discarded it as a visual trick of the dim lighting in the room. 

Her father intervened with a conciliatory tone, "Judd, I understand and share your ire, but right now that doesn't take us anywhere". 

He moved to look at Rich once more. "Now that I think about it, we haven't even introduced ourselves, right? Please pardon my rudeness. My name is Benton Curwin, and the lovely lady by the door is my daughter Judecca". 

"You can call me Judd". She added with a bright smile that made Rich's heart skip a beat. 

Rich nodded and answered, "I'm Richter Maynard, both of you can call me Rich". 

"Then, if we are going to treat each other by diminutives, you can call me Ben". Added Judecca's father with a warm smile, though it didn't last long as he returned to the main topic. "Rich, as I've told you before, my daughter and I owe you our lives, so you can ask from us anything you need, within reason of course. If you still want to enter the military I'm not going to stop you, but know that I'm a high ranking civil officer, and my daughter is a university teacher. You have other choices". 

Richter raised himself to a sitting position, noticing for the first time that he had been bathed and dressed in expensive looking pajamas. This time Benton didn't move to stop him. 

Rich thought about the meaning of these words. If what had happened in the alley last night was real, he didn't want to involve the Curwin family. It was the best for all, the logical thing to do, but for some reason he couldn't say the words. No, he knew the reason: it was a feeling that grew stronger inside him by the minute, some kind of compulsion that pulled him to Judecca; a combination of protective and possessive feelings so strong that threatened to break his heart when he thought of parting ways with her. 

Rich looked up at the ceiling again, sighed and gave an answer when the feelings won over the prudence. "The army has never really been my first option. I need a place to live and a honest way to pay for it. Beyond that, maybe I'll improve my education one day, when I have settled down and can afford it by my own means". 

Benton frowned at that. "Are you sure? As I've already told you, while we are not rich by all means, we still are what is commonly known as a well-off family. For us it wouldn't be a big sacrifice to get you into a university and pay you an education, which would give you a much better starting point when you want to become independent". 

The offer took Richter completely by surprise. For a few minutes he could just sit there, mouth agape, while he processed the meaning and the possibilities derived from such a generous offer. 

Finally, Rich answered while lifting his head. "It's a tremendously generous offer, but thinking on it, you are offering to spend thousands of dollars on my education. If that wasn't enough, the offer includes economical support during at least four or five years... even if I left my pride aside, it's a favor I couldn't repay in my whole life". 

Benton placed a hand on Rich's shoulder and gave him a friendly squeeze. With a smile, he said, "Sorry to repeat myself, but you saved my daughter and me, and that one is also a favor we couldn't repay in our whole lives".He stood from his chair and straightened his jacket before going to the door and ringing a bell. "In any case, you are going to need a few days of rest and good meals to get back to top condition, make use of that time to ponder your options". 

Someone knocked the door, followed by a female voice. "Excuse me". The door opened and a brown-haired woman with Asiatic features dressed in black and white entered the room. After placing her hands at her belly, she bowed her head to Benton, and asked, "You called, Sir. What do you need of me?" 

"Yurie-san, why don't you help our guest refresh himself? After he has had a shower and gotten comfortable serve him dinner here in the bedroom, he can join us for meals starting tomorrow, when he's more rested." Then he turned to Richter. "If you need anything, don't be shy and ring the bell, Yurie-san will take care of it". 

"Certainly". She agreed with a wide, friendly smile. Rich was surprised to notice that she had blue eyes, despite being pretty obvious that she was Japanese. 

A few minutes later, Judecca and her father were walking along a corridor when she suddenly asked her father with a smirk on her face. "What was that? You were talking about splitting us apart and now you offer to send him to university?" 

Without turning around, Benton answered, "Who said I was going to send him to a university in this state? Even if he insists on just getting a job, I'll make sure it's one that takes him away from here". 

Benton finally turned around when he noticed that his daughter was no longer following behind his steps. The hurt look in her eyes broke Benton's heart. "Honey, don't look at me that way". He pleaded. " It breaks my heart to make you suffer like this, but I'm doing it for your own good. I've already told you that the tests are negative, a union between you two is impossible". 

Her face looked serious and her emotions under control, but when Judecca answered her voice sounded strangled for a second. "Have you made all the tests? He could be a recessive bloodline that hasn't manifested yet". 

"You have a third grade, sixth step blood purity, a recessive bloodline could never awake a pull as strong as the one you are feeling right now. Your encounter with the young Doubon, together with the suspension bridge effect from the boy, Richter, saving you from the car wreck must have combined to trigger a false positive in you, that's why you two need to stay apart until the effect wears off". 

Judecca balled her fists and gritted her teeth, but despite her efforts a tear rolled down her cheek. This alarmed Benton, as he knew that his daughter was a proud woman used to hiding the emotions that didn't benefit her, except under extreme circumstances. 

"He only had the clothes he was wearing when we found him. No matter if he chooses the university or a job, he's going to need his personal documentation, I can offer to get it for him while he rests and take the chance to investigate him. Now that we know his name it shouldn't be hard to find information about him, especially if he gives me a written permit to move matters in his name". 

Judecca answered by just nodding her head, and her father moved a step closer to embrace her. After a moment, Benton commented in a light tone, "With the trouble our young guest is bringing with him, it almost looks like you would have been better accepting Alexander's proposal", and he chuckled. 

Judecca's emotions weren't quite under control yet, so she pushed her father away from her using more strength than she pretended, and her voice had more poison than she wanted when she answered her father. "I can't believe you just suggested that, even as a joke". She then turned around to return to her room. 

********** 

It had been more than twenty-four hours since he had met her, but Alex was still mad, very mad. He had a high social standing, his father worked directly under one of the ten members of the council, he had graduated from a good university, his blood purity was above hers, if only by a little, and to top it all off, he was one of the most beautiful males their race had to offer. 

"Then why? Does she really think she's above me? Any bitch in this world would cream her panties when I look at them, she should be thankful that I even talk to her". 

"Some people are too stupid to see the opportunity of their lives even if slapped them in the face. If it was me..." 

The woman stopped talking when Alexander raised his left hand from her crotch to slap her in the face. "Who said I was talking to you, or that you could speak, you slut? Go back to your work!" 

The woman mumbled an apology and, with teary eyes, she got back to kiss and nip at Alexander's neck, nape and shoulder while her hand caressed his chest and stimulated his nipples. 

In the thirties-styled room, Alexander was sitting on a leather couch, dressed only with his usual jewelry: three chains around his neck, his watch, two bracelets and a few rings. His right hand held a glass of bourbon while his left hand fingered the blond woman by his side without really caring for making her feel good. Another girl, this one a brunette younger than the blonde, was sitting naked on the floor between Alexander's legs, giving him fellatio. 

He drank from his glass and kept thinking aloud. "I can find and conquer as many beautiful women as I want, what I want from her is the connections her family has: first and foremost her father works under another member of the council, that would give me second hand access to connections with two of the ten members. Also, Judecca is a teacher at a university that only our people is allowed to attend. Even if I force her to leave her job as a teacher after the wedding, her older sister is the vice principal, so I can use her to turn the university into a recruitment camp where I can brainwash the young ones into becoming my followers. I'll expand my influence and overtaking the white seat in the council won't be just wishful thinking". 

He drank again from his glass, and a thought made his rage rise again. "I'm such a genius schemer, why doesn't that Curwin bitch bow down to my magnificence? She should just recognize that she's dying to put down her pants in front of me, just like any other slut in this world". 

The girl that had been teasing his neck and chest raised her face and, after a moment of doubt, raised her voice. "I think you should consider everything carefully, Alex. No matter how much influence or power you have other those under you, you can't use that to get a seat in the council, you must have the power, knowledge and ability to defeat a member in actual combat". 

Alexander sent a hateful glare to the girl, who started shivering. "You had to go and burst my bubble, bitch!" He threw his glass into the hearth, breaking it. While the flames were still raising due to the alcohol, he used his now free hand to punch the girl in the face with enough strength to throw her out of the couch. 

At that moment he winced, grabbed the girl that had been sucking him by the hair and lifted her. The brunette screamed and grabbed at Alexander's wrist to try and steady herself. Alexander screamed at her face. "How many times do I have to tell you to watch your god-damn teeth? Do you want me to pull them out one by one?" 

Trying not to cry, the girl answered, "I was being careful, but you started moving suddenly!" 

Alexander slapped the right side of her face twice in rapid succession, not minding his strength. He screamed at her face again. "When did you become important enough to talk back to me, you sow?" 

The girl didn't answer and just stood there; hanging by her hair, with her right cheek swelling rapidly while tears rolled down her face and her broken lip dripped blood. Alexander, feeling disgusted, threw her back. She tripped with the low coffee table behind her, tumbling over it and falling to the floor. 

Alexander kicked aside the toppled table, and grabbing at the girl's hips he said, "Come here you little slut, I'm going to teach you a lesson". He penetrated her without further warning and started ramming at her without any care in the world. 

Alexander was slamming his hips into her at a fast pace, slapping the brunette's butt from time to time. She could do nothing more than stay there on all fours, grabbing at the carpet with her nails, and try to endure. 

She couldn't suppress the moans of pain no matter how hard she greeted her teeth. "Please, Master, I beg you. Slow down for a moment, I can't withstand this pace right at the beginning!" She pleaded. Alexander slapped her butt again, this time harder, and just like that he introduced a thumb in the girl's anus. She screamed and squirmed trying to get away from her torturer. "Please, stop, you're hurting me Master Alex!" 

Without taking his finger out, Alexander used his other hand to grab the girl's hair again and pull it with force. "Who the fuck cares? You're my bitch. No, you're lower than that, you're a toy, a thing, a piece of furniture whose only purpose is to receive my cum and produce little bastards!" 

The girl could only open her eyes in horror at the words she had just heard. She stopped trying not to scream, and in answer Alexander sped up his pace with a smile full of teeth. The smile of a mad person who found a dark pleasure in the pain of others. 

Without stopping, Alexander looked around and screamed, "Where's the other slut?!" She appeared, with her nose bleeding and her left eye almost closed due to inflammation. He made a face of displeasure when he saw the state of her face, but even with that, he ordered, "Clean your damn nose and come here to lick my ass hole while I fuck this little piggy". 

With tears in her eyes, the blond girl obeyed her master. Not long after she had joined in, he raised his speed to a frantic rhythm, from there it didn't take long for him to cum without warning inside the brunette. 

After panting for a few minutes, Alexander pushed both girls away from him and stood up. He walked to the door, stopped there for a second, and told the girls without turning around. "I'm gonna get a shower, you sluts clean up this mess". 

Alexander slammed the door shut behind him. Once alone in the now dark room, the blonde girl crawled up to the brunette, they held each other in their arms and they allowed themselves to finally break down, both of them sobbing and crying bitterly. 

********** 

Richter started to relax as days went by and nobody came to question him for murder. Perhaps the wound he inflicted on the man wasn't as serious as he thought, or maybe the police couldn't find any clue that linked him to the man's death. Taking into account the injury he had received, maybe they discarded the case as an animal attack. Rich seriously hoped it was the first option. 

Rich had spent most of the time cooped up in his room. The first morning, he had asked for a book to read, and he was surprised to know that Benton had ordered for a brand new tablet to be bought and configured for him. This kind of attention made him feel awkward, and he even felt guilty that they were making that kind of expenditures on him. The first thing he did was connect to several news sites. For now, there were no news about fat men with a ripped throat in a dirty alley. 

Thanks to the tablet he couldn't just read books, but also surf the net and play some games, so the mornings were not really tedious, however he soon started to look forward to the evenings, when Judd came back from work and went to his room to see how he was feeling and to chat with him. 

When she was there, hours flew by without even noticing. Both of them had a similar opinion in many topics, and in those where they disagreed, they debated and stimulated each other. 
