 ***Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters in this story are 18 years or older***

***Writers Note -- This is the continuation of the story in this series. Kindly read the other part(s) before continuing ***

-------------------------------------

David took some steps back. He could not believe his eyes or his ears for that matter. "I must still be dreaming." He shut his eyes tight and slapped his cheeks. He opened the eyes to find that he is still inside the cave. The light is still in front of him. "Don't be frightened, David". The light spoke.

The voice of the light is really soft and it somehow calmed David's fright. He took a deep breath. He looked at the light and asked "What... Who are you?"

The light seemed to be eager to answer David. "I am Creiddylad, The Goddess of Flowers and Love", the light moved closer to him. 

He looked at her confounded. She knew the reason. She slowly reduced the light emitting from her body. The body was turning into a lady. She was a slender, petite young woman, in her early twenties. Her eyes were light green and lips were pale red. She had worn a torn yellow gown that was barely covering till her knees. Her face was sad and gloomy. She was covered in dust. He could see wounds all over her body. She looked like she had been in torture for days or even months. 

"Will you help me from the tortures of the Spirit, David?" She asked.

"You mean the Old Man?" he asked back. 

"Yes, the Old Man is not a human but a spirit who possess magical powers." She answered calmly. 

He looked over to her and asked: "How did you end up here?" 

"He kidnapped me from my palace while I was asleep" She looked at the chain, "This chain is made of his magic spell. It helps him to control my powers. I cannot use it at will anymore"

David was listening carefully, "Then how did you use it with me?" He remembered the dreams. "Every night I dreamed of this cave and you".

"I don't know that either." She leaned against the wall. "One night I was sleeping and I heard a panting voice. I looked at the door and found no one. I shut my eyes and listened. I called out. I don't even know how I knew your name, it just came out and then suddenly I couldn't hear you anymore"

She looked over at him, "So I tried to connect with you every night and found that whenever you sleep, I could talk to you." She continued, "But you ignored my words because you thought it was just a dream."

"But I knew you would come here." She added.

"How would you know?" David asked.

"If you could hear me in your dreams that means you are meant to be here. You are meant to free me from this misery". Her smile was filled with joy. He stared at her face. 'She is really beautiful' he thought and then turned his face away. 

"How long have you been here?" He asked.

"Two years." She responded. "Two years of hell and torture" She remembered all the pain she suffered.

He was stunned to hear that "Why did he capture you?" he asked

"As I said, I am the Goddess of Flowers and love" She sighed "He used my powers to create hatred between the gods. All the Gods and Goddesses are under his spell and they treat him like a king. If we don't stop him, he will soon become the Real God."

She started crying. David moved closer to her and hugged her. She felt comfortable in his warm hands. He took her face in his hand "What should I do to help you?" He asked.

"Find the Ring of Merlin." She was ready with the answer

"What is that?" he asked.

"The Ring of the Great Wizard, Merlin" She said, "you will find it inside the second sky." 

"And where ..." before he could complete, she cut him off "You need to go now. Something tells me that the spirit is coming back. I can feel it in my bones." 

"Knock five times on the door, the door will open" She screamed to him as he started to run off of the room. "Remember, you will find the ring inside the second sky." She added.

-------------------------------------

He hurried to reach the top of the stairs. He knocked on the door five times as Creiddylad said. The door opened in front of him. He was quick to run out of the room and closed it in a jiff. As soon as he reached the dining table he heard the Old Man opening the main door.

"I am back" The voice of the Old Man made David shudder, but he quickly found his breath. "Welcome back Sir, how was the journey?"

"It was alright. Did you make lunch?" The old man raised an eyebrow.

"I didn't know when you would be back, so I was lazy to make food for myself." He lied "I thought I could eat the pear". He looked at the pears that were on the table and moved towards it. He picked one up and bit a big slice and started chewing.

The old man was not fully convinced but he did not show it outside. He nodded at David and moved towards the room. "The water in the container is low, go and collect some" The Old Man said.

David met the Old Man's eyes with his and he found it to be glowing. 'He is a spirit' He told himself

"I hope you have not broken my rule." He said before entering the room and shutting the door behind him.

As soon as the door closed David left a sigh of relief. He finished the pear and went to collect the water. 

-------------------------------------------

It was evening and the sun was ready to set. David reached the river. "You will find the ring at the Second Sky" He tried a bad imitation of Creiddylad. "How am I supposed to find the second sky when I can't even fly?"

Then face turned sad, "Still I feel like I must help her." He murmured, "She looked pitiful"

He started to pour water from the river. He looked into the river and stopped for a moment. "Wait a second." He stared into the river and then looked up the sky. "The reflection of the sky on the river looks like another sky." A smile grew on his lips. He removed his t-shirt and pant and jumped into the river. 

He thanked his tenth-grade swimming coach as he swam under water. He came up for breath and went back in again. He explored a couple of times. He decided to call it quits when the sunset neared and the sky turned. "One more time and I leave" He said. He saw something shining underwater. He swam to it and grabbed it. He swam back towards the shore. He opened his hand to see that it was a shelled mollusk. 

"I swam all this time for a clam?" he sneered. "Maybe there is pearl inside"

He took a rock and hit the mollusk hard. It didn't break at all. It was already getting dark, so he decided to put it in his pocket and went back to the Old Man's place carrying water.

-------------------------------------------

It was night time and David was asleep. The sound of chains woke him up from the sleep. His eyes felt tired. Slowly his eyes opened. He was in the cave. He looked around. He saw Creiddylad on her knees sobbing 

"Please don't hurt me. I will do whatever you ask me to do". David then saw the old man in front of her with a chain whip in his hand. The end of the whip had a sharpened curved hook attached. He was hitting Creiddylad with the chain. 

She fell to her back and was writhing in pain. Tears were jerking down from her cheeks. David could not take it any longer and hurried and pushed the Old Man down. He tried to help Creiddylad by grabbing her from the floor.

Creiddylad looked straight into David's face and started laughing. Before David could move she said "You failed" in the voice of the Old Man. She suddenly vanished from his hands. He looked back shockingly back to the Old Man and found him back in his feet. The Old Man snapped his fingers and the cave vanished. He found himself at the floor where he slept. The Old Man slapped David on his right cheek. 

"You broke my rule, and now you be my slave" He said before slapping one more, this time on David's left cheek. 

David cried in pain. "I am Sorry, Sir. I didn't mean to enter the room" He said rubbing his cheeks. He was trembling from his feet. 

"But you did it anyway" said the Old Man. He grabbed David by the hair and dragged him into the room. He opened the Cave Door and pushed him down the stairs. 

"You stay here for tonight, I will come for you tomorrow" The old man said and walked away. Soon the door slowly closed.

-------------------------------------------

David tried to get up. While falling down the stairs he had some injuries. His right leg landed on a rock. He tried to move his leg. 

It was really hurting. After a couple of failed tried, he got up from the ground. But the pain on his right leg caused him to put his weight on the left. He checked his body and found a couple of scratches on his elbow and knees. He pushed himself up the stairs in one leg. He knocked on the Door five times, like last time and waited for the door to open. But nothing happened. He knocked on the door harder and failed again.

He crawled over to the room where Creiddylad was imprisoned. He opened the gate. He saw her lying on the floor. He understood that she was sleeping. He sat on the edge of the wall. He rested his head on the knees and started sobbing. He muffed his voice with his knees but the tears were unblocked. He cried from the pain on his body. He thought his father "Why are you doing this to me god" he mumbled. 

-------------------------------------------

The sound of someone sobbing broke Creiddylad's sleep. She looked around and found David crying into his knees. "What happened, David?" She asked concerned. She tried to move closer to him but the chain on her legs tightened its grip. "David?" She called out to him. He raised his head. His cheeks were wet. She saw the wound on his leg. She knew that it was the Old Man's doing. 

"Did the Spirit hurt you?" She asked.

"He found out that I came here so he pushed me down the stairs. I think my leg is broken"

She looked at him "I am sorry David that you had to suffer this because of me."

Her voice calmed him "It's not your fault Creiddylad, I am sorry that I could not help you" He said wiping his tears. 

-------------------------------------------

After some time he found that Creiddylad was staring at him strangely. "What happened?" He asked. "Why are you looking at me that way?"

"It feels strange. I can sense magic and I think it is coming from you" She looked quizzically at him. 

"What is that?" she pointed to his body and he saw that something was glowing in his pockets.

He reached his pockets and took out the Shelled Mollusk. "This is just a clam I found in the river. I think there is a pearl inside"

She looked at the clam in his hand and looking at it changed her expression from anxious to joy in a second. "You found it David; you found the Ring of Merlin."

-------------------------------------------

The Old Man came down the stairs in the morning. He couldn't find David. The old man carefully walked down the stairs. He came inside Creiddylad's room. He saw Creiddylad and David on two ends of the room. 

He moved to Creiddylad, "Get up my Goddess; we are going to create history today." He tried to raise Creiddylad. 

A sudden blast of light made him fly across the room and hit on the wall. He fell beside David. He looked at Creiddylad in shock as she slowly floated in the air above the ground. Her skin started to glow, her wounds were healing. He saw the flowers blossom on the ground below her. She swirled in the air slowly and landed back on the ground. Now her hairs were braided into several layers. Her eyes were bright green. She had wheatish skin that glowed. Her lips were cherry red. Her yellow gown grew till her ankle. She was wearing a crown of flowers. 

"How did you...?" His words were cut-off as another blast of light hit him, but this time from the side. 

He saw David back in his feet. David had a glowing skin. His eyes drifted to David's fingers, "That is the Ring of Merlin." He was scared at first. 

"I won't let you both ruin my plans." He screamed and punched on the floor. The cave trembled and this made both Creiddylad and David lose their balance. They fell on the ground. The spirit snapped his finger and the rocks on the floor started to grow into five big monsters. 

-------------------------------------------

The monsters started attacking David and Creiddylad. They started fighting them off. Creiddylad looked experienced in the close combat but it was new to David. 

David got hit in the chin and he fell down. "Clear your head and imagine what you want to do" Creiddylad yelled at David.

David got up from the ground, closed his eyes and said: "I want you to help me fight off your colleagues." He said and snapped. The monster got stunned for a second and then turned away from David and started fighting the other monsters. 

Creiddylad fought through them and reached the spirit while David was struggling to fight one off. The spirit tried to vanish, but Creiddylad suddenly grabbed on his throat and pulled him up. She remembered all the tortures she faced for the last two years. She threw him off the room. 

David snapped his finger and all the monsters got dismembered and went back to being just rocks. "I should have done that first" He sneered.

Spirit tried to attack back but the David made him immovable. The spirit was powerless. Creiddylad was ready with another blast but David stopped her. "He will not suffer if you kill him". 

With Creiddylad watching, David chained the spirit's neck. Creiddylad smiled as she locked it with Magic. 

The spirit made failed attempts to break the chain, he screamed from his lungs "Let me go" He cried out. 

This only made Creiddylad and David laugh. "Let's go up, David. I wish to see the sky" Creiddylad said and started walking up the stairs. David followed her. They both could hear the scream of the spirit as the Door closed behind them.

"We did it" she mumbled.

"Of course we did." He smiled and looked over to her. They reminisced what happened the night before. 

-------------------------------------------

"You found it David; you found the Ring of Merlin." He laughed with joy. David was confused, "This is just a clam" he said

"Open it" She ordered.

"I tried to break it open, but it did not open." He said innocently

"This is not an ordinary clam but a magical one. It will only open for the person who deserves what is inside" She said.

"Does that mean I don't deserve the ring?" he asked

"No, it means, it doesn't think so. Tell it why you want the ring, what will you do with it, make him trust you"

"Okay!" said David in disbelief. "Hey Clam, My name is David. I want to use the ring inside you to protect the Goddess of Flowers and Love. I swear that I will do it with all my heart" he said to the clam. 

Nothing happened for sometimes. Then Clam gently opened up revealing the Ring. David was astonished by the beauty of the ring. It was silver and had a Red Stone at the top inside a small crown like design.

David wore the Ring and tightened its grip into David's ring finger. "There are limitless powers to this ring, but you need to practice. Now help me out of these wretched chains"

With a wide smile, David aimed the ring to the chain but nothing happened. "You need to clear your mind and imagine it happen" David tried multiple times and finally the ruby glowed as the chain on Creiddylad's leg came unlocked. "Alahamora! This is fun" David giggled

-------------------------------------------

Creiddylad ran outside the house. David followed her. She stood in front of the house looking at the sky, taking a deep refreshing breath.

"What now?" He asked.

"Well I must return to my palace" She replied. "But..."

He looked at her as she paused. She smiled and pulled him into a kiss. He was astounded at first but he kissed her back.

He hugged her and rubbed his hands over her back. She pulled his lips closer to her as she played with his hair.

He broke the kiss to take a breath, but she pushed him to the ground. The grass grew into a bed beneath him. She jumped on to him and kissed him deeply. She unbuttoned his shirt and covered his bare chest with kisses. He turned and now he was on top of her. He loosened the knots on her gown and he took it off of her. She helped him remove it off of her. She was completely naked before him. 

Her bosom was petite and the nipple looked like a cherry. He touched it first before leaning in to kiss it. He took her nipple in his mouth and sucked it. She left out a soft moan as he traveled towards her pussy. He sucked her boobs hard and softly touched her pussy lips. It was really wet. He rubbed his finger on the wet opening and continued sucking Creiddylad's breast. She was getting wetter. He looked at her and she nodded. He went below her and kissed her pussy lips.

She squirmed as David pushed his tongue into her pussy. "David..." she moaned. She pushed his head deep into her. He pushed a finger inside her pussy and licked her labia. Creiddylad wriggled and shut her eyes in pleasure. "Don't stop", she panted.

He fingered her deep and fast. "I am Cumming" She screamed out loud as she came. She was let go of her two years of misery with her orgasm. It was so hard that made her body go weak for some moments. David got up her face. She quickly pulled him for another deep kiss. 

She grabbed his dick over his pants. "My turn" She said before releasing his cock from the pants. She went down on him and took it in her hand. It was about 6" but thick. She licked the precum of his dick. Then she put him in her mouth and started to suck him. Slowly at first but eventually gained momentum. He felt like he was in heaven. He leaned in grabbed her tits.

"I am close" he said. But she had a different idea. She let his cock out of her mouth. He looked at her confused. Then she sat on his lap, guiding his cock into her. The wetness of her pussy made it easy for his cock to enter deep inside her. She started to ride him. She was fucking him really hard. They both were moaning in pleasure. The sound of her wet pussy sliding up and down his cock was dismissed in the loud coos they made.

He kissed her cheeks and neck. She licked the sweat from his neck and bit his chest. "Creiddylad.... I am Cumming..." He announced. "I want it inside me David, cum in me..." She called out and rode him faster. With a loud cry, he pushed streams of cum inside her pussy. She had her second orgasm at the exact time. She collapsed on top of him. He hugged her tight. 

-------------------------------------------

They laid on the ground for an hour or so. "I need to go David" Creiddylad said as she gently got up from him.

She wore her gown and he wore his. "Will we meet again?" He asked.

She raised her hands and a portal appeared in front of them. "Let's see what the future holds, David" She said and walked towards the portal.

"Hey, you forgot this" He said and showed her his ring finger. 

She turned back to look at his face "That is yours, David. Use it well". She winked at him then waved her hand before entering the portal. 

The portal closed as soon as she crossed over. 

He was I daze for a few moments. "This is mine?" He asked himself. 

-------------------------------------------

"Well, then let's see what I can do" He said and blasted a light ray into the forest. It hit a tree which exploded into pieces. 

"Cool. Now I can I grow it back?" He raised his arms towards the exploded tree and imagined it growing back to its shape and the tree started to group back to its true form before his eyes. "Whoa...!" he exclaimed.

"Well, I know what I should try next" Next he aimed at a rock imagined it turning into Gold and voila! It did. He screamed loudly with joy. The scream frightened the birds and he could hear a flock of them fly away from the trees. 
