 Author's Note: The sex in this story involves older people or an older woman with a younger man, but I think it's best in science-fiction/fantasy based on the fantasy setting and theme. 

* * * * * * * * *

"Nothing. After months of promises."

"It's just the bequest letter that was revoked—the house and the stipend attached to it. You may keep any other gifts my father gave you, of course." Though she had the regal grace expected of the mother of the new king, Princess Emyli looked uncomfortable speaking to her late father's mistress. 

"But not my home." Palimia carefully folded the document and tucked it back into its vellum envelope. She fingered the broken seal before lifting her gaze to take in the quiet comfort of the canal-front villa with its faded appointments and broad doors open to a summer garden. 

Marc Frederick Stauberg-Randolph had left her the property in a letter she had dutifully presented to his heir. King Stefan had rescinded the small bequest in exchange for the Gracious Queen's vote to create a lordship for one of his friends. 

"Thank you, Lady, for telling me my fate in person," Palimia said. She slid Stefan's letter into the pocket of her skirt. Her heart struggled, hollowed by grief piled upon grief. "I shall need to find another place to live. Might you persuade your son to give me a few days to pack my belongings?"

Emyli looked relieved to be able to extend a kindness. "Of course," she promised. "I hope you know I tried."

Yes, she believed Emyli had tried. Unlike her son, or Marc's widowed queen, Emyli had never opposed their relationship. Palimia made a show of rearranging the flowers in an alabaster vase on one of the tables. Yellow kite-tail lilies and blue asters. Late summer flowers. "It's just as well," she said. She attempted to sound light and cheerful about this new adventure. "I have family in Ilmar. My mother is getting on in years."

"Well, then, I suppose you must—"

Palimia turned to her and smiled brightly. "Yes."

Emyli studied her for a moment, then sighed as she rose to leave. "I'll tell Stefan you won't contest the decision."

"I won't." 

"Thank you." They walked toward the open doorway overlooking a garden leading down to one of Dazunor-Rannuli's less-traveled canals. Steps led to a small landing where Emyli's gond awaited, its canopy as brightly colored as the flowers lining the banks. As she crossed the villa's simple foyer, Emyli turned to say one thing more. "You have to travel to Sordan, surely. I know how impossible that's become." 

Ever since Marc Frederick's death and Stefan's ascension to the throne, the broken Triempery teetered on the edge of open war. Sordan and the North exchanged threats daily. Only mutual dependence on the Rill, the god-machine that linked their lands, bound them to a fragile truce.

"Thank you," Palimia said, "but I was born in Sordan. My family was respected there while my father lived. I think I'll be able to persuade Sordan's port authorities that my reasons for returning to the city have nothing to do with trade or politics." One of Stefan's reasons for acceding to the Gracious Queen's demands had been because of Palimia's land of birth, even though for all her adult life she had lived in the North. "I appreciate, I really do, that you came to me in person."

"My father would have wanted that."

Neither woman mentioned that Marc Frederick would have wanted much more.

* * * *

"Here's a secret. I'm going to remove our soldiers from Sordan."

Marc's warm breath and murmured words brushed her belly, awakening ripples of anticipation. Desire swelled between her legs, hot and slick, awaiting him. The bed on which they lay occupied a circle of white light spilled down from a window. Rill glow. Her body shone smooth and bright upon a coverlet of moss green velvet, accepting his exploration. Every encounter with Marc Frederick was like a voyage, a journey into new and wonderful experiences. This time she listened as his mouth explored her body with the practice of a lover of many years.

"Why?" she asked.

"Dorilian and I, we're going to do something amazing."

Beyond the walls of the house and Dazunor-Rannuli's canals, a white behemoth overarched the city, its milky blaze turning the deep night pale. Its slow, majestic limbs wove mysterious patterns above the palaces of merchant princes. The Rill. Power pulled from the earth propelled armies, travelers and the vast wealth of many nations through the god-machine's vast body. Every time people spoke Dorilian Sordaneon's name, the Rill resonated behind it like a promise. From what she knew of Marc, both the Rill and the young man who called it his birthright figured in his plans. Marc had occupied Sordan to render that family powerless. 

"When?" she whispered. Marc's tongue found her pussy and its tender probe sent bolts of longing through her flesh. His tongue, that sweet invader, battered her defenses. She offered no resistance, though she preferred the thick punishment of his cock, the masculine assault to be followed by tender plundering. 

"Next week. You heard it first." He pushed her legs apart and wide, her calves upon his shoulders as his body loomed over hers, the regal spear of his manhood poised at the gate he had prepared. When he entered her, she closed her eyes, sinking into the elegance of that violation, his hard progress, her body's grateful surrender. Her entire core felt liquid, existing only to ripple around him, suck at him, and celebrate his virility.

They should have been past such torrid coupling. Gray streaked his hair and she had recently noticed fine lines about her eyes and less firmness in her breasts. Why then, when she was with Marc, did she feel like a girl? Because his touch awakened long-dormant springs of desire and released passion into channels she had thought too dried up to ever flow again?

He began to move within her, driving, taking, his strong hands clasping her hips. His masculine thickness stretched and filled her to the edges of endurance. She bucked against him, seeking more, always more. When she came apart, he smiled and drove harder still into her disintegration. The heavy shudder of his climax broke over them both like a huge wave she had once seen crashing against the cliffs at Aral, spewing white foam high onto the rocks. Afterward, he held her curled against his chest, exchanging sighs and contentment. He spoke again of the secret he held just as close to his heart.

"We're going to surprise them all," he said.

He had surprised them all . . . by dying.

* * * *

Palimia walked onto the Rill platform, a leather travel bag on her arm and a transit voucher in her pocket. Signs of the tension between the North and Sordan were everywhere. Soldiers crowded the platform lest Sordan should use the Rill to deliver an army, undesirables, or spies. More soldiers checked the papers of travelers, intent on stopping Stefan's targeted enemies from fleeing. She had little worry he would stop her. 

All she'd ever been in the North was now the stuff of memories. She had known two husbands: a forced marriage as a teen and a later marriage for companionship. Her first husband's family had robbed her of her family's assets. Her second husband, though kindly, had left her with nothing but his good name. And now Marc Frederick, her most wonderful of companions, her robust lover of a thousand interests and surprises, was gone and with him what little was left of her security. His assurances that she would get the villa and not want for anything had been reduced to words others chose not to honor. 

With a sigh, she looked out over the city where she had lived for so many years. Dazunor-Rannuli glittered, a lacework of small lakes and canals connected to the mighty river that tied it to an empire. The highest ground in the city was the Rill mount, connected to the rest of the city by five bridges. Barge docks crowded the mount's fringes, dense with warehouses and holding yards. Higher still was the walled, secluded temple and school of the Order of Epoptes. Above all these things soared the Rill itself. White as bone, its monumental structures and branching pylons, twelve to the north and twelve to the south, dwarfed all else in the city. 

Given her new circumstances, returning to Sordan was Palimia's most viable option. Her mother was indeed getting on in years, reason enough to return to her childhood home. She supported the old woman, and now the means for that support were gone. She had only a modest amount of money—a pittance, really—though selling her horses, gond and carriage had yielded enough to meet her expenses for relocation. She would soon need to add to her funds by selling more of the gifts Marc Frederick had bestowed during her time with him. 

Clutching her voucher, Palimia walked with her fellow passengers into the just-summoned charys, found an unoccupied seat, and waited until the door simply vanished and the charys became a seamless shell. The interior glowed, a gossamer cocoon of light. Portions of the shell cleared, no longer opaque. Though people outside could not see into a charys, those within now had an unimpeded view: the next wave of passengers waiting for the Rill heading north to Permephedon, a flock of yellow-robed acolytes striding along the colonnade, the shining lace of the city's canals stretching to the broad, dawn-silvered ribbon of the Dazun River. A fine vibration, not quite a hum, alerted Palimia and she drew a breath. Having traveled by Rill before, she relaxed as the charys shell contracted, eliminating walking space around the seating area. No one panicked, a welcome sign this trip would not be disturbed by the cries of the inexperienced. 

She heard the first whine of Rill-shift as the platform outside faded. The initial low thrum registered in her ears and vibrated beneath her breastbone—then the terminal and everything in it appeared to burst apart. Many passengers preferred to experience the journey with eyes closed, but she held hers open, exhilarated to see the North vanish in a heartbeat, replaced by flowing streams of green, white and turquoise. Within a span of heartbeats, those streams broke around streaks of dark gray and rich emerald, emerging into strands of bright golds and blues that gently coalesced as the charys thrummed and slowed, her body feeling only the slightest of tugs, and the light broke apart again into a lake, an island, trees and flowers—and a city soaring white and tall upon silver cliffs.

The passengers exited onto the platform and the charys dissolved, leaving the concave transport slip empty.

Palimia crossed the platform, then paused to breathe deeply of the orange-scented air and marvel at the majestic planes and stepped terraces of the Sordaneon Serat, the Hierarch's palace, built on a level with the terminal, just above the upper city. The lower city below the terminal descended toward a harbor dotted with all manner of ships. That vision fortified her. Holding tightly to her Letter of Repatriation, obtained only two days before from the Hierarchate, she proceeded with the other passengers to be approved before being allowed to enter the city.

Before evening, she had secured a modest apartment in a declining but still respectable quarter of the lower city, on a tree-lined street overlooking the lake. The Rill sprawled overhead with great sweeping wings, its glow painting the city silver. When morning came, she would undertake the last of her promises to Marc Frederick.

* * * *

"Promise me," he said.

She had filled the room with flowers from the garden. Marc would not make love outdoors because the chance of being seen went against his resolve to not subject his queen to humiliation. It was enough he kept a mistress. She had the pleasure of his body, and hers, and long nights spent in his arms, but she had no claim on his life.

"Nothing will happen to you," she said. She spoke from fear.

"I'm a man. Men are mortal. You will know what to do with whatever remains of me after I am gone. I wish only to hear you say you will act on that knowledge." 

He had eyes blue as the sky, clear kingly orbs that looked into her fears. She drew the ghostly narcissus in her fingers along the line of his muscular thigh. Age had not slowed him and Marc Frederick was an active man, frequently engaging in sword practice and riding as often as many men much younger than he. The flower's stamens left a dusting of golden pollen on the dark hair of his leg.

"I will act on what I know . . . if I know anything at all. But Marc—"

His fingers pressed her lips and she parted for them, kissing each perfect tip. He angled her face near and the kiss he gave her vanquished all darkness, all fear.

"Glorious," he whispered upon her mouth. "The future will be glorious."

* * * *

It took two days and hours of waiting in antechambers, answering crisp questions from one or another of the Hierarch's several secretaries, before her petition was approved for inclusion on Dorilian Sordaneon's calendar. From having seen Marc Frederick's schedules, she knew how her entry would appear: G. Palimia Kastryonis. Consideration of S-R royal document. Personal. She was to go to the Serat the next day with other petitioners, and wait in hope the Hierarch would decide to receive her. If he did not, she was not to return.

Why am I doing this? I despise royal courts. After this, she would have no more reason to seek out the halls of aristocracy.

Walking downhill from the upper city, she stopped at a baker for bread and purchased white cheese and a pot of spicy orange preserves from one of the artisans who catered to Sordan's nobility. Although decimated a generation ago by the North's hard-handed occupancy, the newly liberated city appeared robust and decidedly prosperous. She'd seen several grand residences being renovated on the way. Had things been different, her father might have lived in such a house. Now his daughter aspired to find a position, perhaps as a governess or secretary, in the household of some person who should have been her peer.

The next day following a plain breakfast, Palimia donned a long chiton of palest lavender silk, then tied a widow's cloak of thin, pewter-hued wool so it covered one shoulder. On her bared right arm she wore one of Marc Frederick's gifts, a gold armband patterned with silver wire around a central medallion of amethyst glass. She did not go early to secure a more favorable seat in the waiting area, but appeared at the time directed and found a bench near the back. She'd barely taken that seat when a tall, gold-haired man wearing Sordaneon colors of emerald and silver entered the room. Heads snapped up to follow his progress as he crossed the floor. Toward her.

Any doubt her name had caught the Hierarch's eye vanished. She recognized Legon Rebiran.

"Lady," Legon said, stopping before her and speaking softly. "Come with me."

He led her past dozens of curious eyes, between the soldiers at the doors, then along a high-ceilinged corridor lined with portraits of Sordan's former rulers, a single line of descent, twenty-two in all. She walked past more soldiers into another room. This new room presented a grand, open space, with a silver dais and winged throne standing in front of a mural such as she had never seen: the life-sized new Hierarch on the day of his coronation in this very hall, surrounded by his just as life-sized nobles, including the man at her side. Dorilian, seated on the throne and facing her, didn't quite match his portrait. At only twenty-one years and fashioned by the mingled bloodlines of mortals and gods, he was even more handsome in person. His silver eyes looked warmer and his hair, the color of rich maple wood, was longer now that his mourning month had passed. Even so, the artist had captured his essence of arrogance and privilege. Palimia had never seen a more perfect likeness. 

"Your Thrice Royal Grace," she acknowledged, kneeling and bowing deeply until her forehead touched the floor.

Had she wanted anything from Dorilian, his frown upon seeing her would have killed such thoughts. She had only met him twice before, enough to know he could be caustic. Marc Frederick had never affirmed their relationship in front of Dorilian, though the young man almost certainly had known, or guessed. Had she made a mistake, thinking he might receive her kindly?

"A most unusual petition," he said. His voice possessed a complexity rare in one so young. He must have dismissed his chief secretary, who ordinarily would sit at the stone desk to one side of the dais, recording the conversation. Only two men, Legon and Dorilian's giant cousin, Tiflan Morevyen, remained in the room. She was among his familiars. "I would like to help you, but my secretaries didn't specify what manner of Stauberg-Randolph document you're offering."

He hadn't used her name, and he'd given his words an acerbic bite, but at least he didn't deny his interest. She reached into the large bag she had carried from Dazunor-Rannuli. Touching leather, she pulled out a hefty envelope. 

"I'm not interested in love letters," he warned.

"You'll be interested in this." From inside the envelope, she retrieved a book thick with pages. "The last two years of Marc Frederick's life."

She raised her head in time to see surprise, before suspicion hardened the young features. The expression was a familiar one. Dorilian trusted no one. "His journal?" 

He surely knew Marc Frederick had kept such a record. The year he had spent in the late king's company would have revealed that habit. The earlier volumes had been kept in other places and passed to Emyli or Stefan, but this one—

Palimia nodded. "He left it with me at our house in Dazunor-Rannuli, the morning he departed for Permephedon to meet with you." She ducked her head again, knowing better than to proceed further into what had happened that day. "I had to leave my house recently, and—"

"I know, Lady. I know, too, that you've been selling things off."

So that was what he thought of her. Caught by surprise, blinking tears, she bit back a laugh. "Marc always told me never to turn away a gift, that I would find a use for every one of them someday. I never guessed he would be so right."

"He was always right." The words could have been bitter, but they were not. Dorilian understood Marc as well as she had, and might even have loved him more. 

Dorilian rose and walked down the silver steps from the dais. The two other men in the room stood taller, their expressions sharpening as they watched him walk toward her. What was it like for him, to have men assess his every move? When he reached her, he extended his hand. He wanted the book. She held it out, lowering her gaze as the beloved leather left her fingers. Goodbye, she thought to the man she had loved, goodbye, goodbye . . .

He walked away, distraction in his slow uneven footsteps. She looked up to see him paging through the book. Was he gauging its authenticity? He would know the writing, see for himself the man within the words penned on each creamy page. A table ringed by wide chairs upholstered in emerald brocade stood before a wall of windows, and a view of city and harbor that made a perfect backdrop for diplomats. He seated himself in the carved chair at the table's head and kicked his feet up onto the polished surface. 

"I could seize this collection of writings as vital to my state's interest, you know," he said, turning another page. He glanced over for a moment to measure her response. She had none to show. Perhaps that intrigued him. He resumed reading. "How much do you want for it?"

Opportunity dangled. Dorilian might pay a great deal, a king's ransom, for what this book contained. She would be justified. Marc might not disapprove, given that his heir had denied his bequest to her. And Dorilian, knowing her circumstances, would probably not hold it against her. He had resources to spare. The Sordaneons received a portion of every Rill fee, making his fortune greater than he could ever spend. But she had not come here to obtain gold.
