 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Author's Note: Please check the tags before reading this story, as it features some niche content that will not appeal to all readers.

*****

"Alice Wick! Please pay attention," Mrs. Crowley snapped, glaring at the darkly elegant student in the back.

"Sorry, Mrs. Crowley," Rin grumbled, silently cursing the woman for using her real name. The teacher resumed the lesson, going over the interesting history behind futanari and their introduction into society, though Rin had no patience for it. Why learn about something that she knew the result of? Futanari spontaneously appeared in the mid eighteenth-century, now they're as common as any man or woman. If not more so. Lesson over.

She sighed and stared helplessly at the clock. Seconds ticked by with an aggravating clicking, as if the device was mocking her for the inability to control time. Snarky bastard, Rin growled in her thoughts and turned her attention to the pendant around her neck. Her fingers idly traced the nonsensical patterns, occupying herself with deducing what they could be. A futile act, but it was the best she could expect from her aunt's heirloom.

Could've left her a car or house or maybe some of her savings, but no... Rin only received a necklace with a pendant that she couldn't fully enjoy because the engravings made zero sense. Even the inside was blank, save for a few scribbled lines that maintained the theme of nonsense. It could've been worse, she thought with a snide smirk, recalling her mother's mortified face when she received her sister's 'toy' collection. At least the pendant went with her attire.

Rin glanced around the room, hoping Monica or Lex might be interested in entertaining her. Sadly, they enjoyed history class. Traitors. She looked over Monica's outfit, wondering if something had changed about it. The usual black skirt and tee-shirt adorned her shapely form, though. They even resembled what she wore yesterday.

No new piercings or tats from what Rin could see. Might be the lesson, she postulated. Or maybe her boobs got bigger. That was it. Rin leered at her friend, certain that she had gone up a size overnight. The tight shirt couldn't lie as it strained around the beautiful mounds. Poor things, they look so cramped. Rin unconsciously licked her lips, wondering if Monica would mind if she freed the twins for some air. Maybe even give them a little kiss?

Rin blinked at her own imagination and looked away. Her thigh lifted slightly to cover her bulbous jeans. The last thing she needed was another excuse for Monica to try and get at her cock. Despite Lex being a repeat lover, Monica's libido remained insatiable. And Lex had the reputation for being something of a stud.

Would she be any better? Rin pondered, then shoved the notion aside. There was no point in wondering about what would never be. Not today, not tomorrow, not next year. Never. Unless... Rin bit her tongue, whimpering in the process. Mrs. Crowley turned to glare in her direction, giving the delinquent student an eyeful of her cleavage. That's pretty daring, Rin mentally gawked at the top halves of her teacher's, full creamy breasts.

She gulped and strained to tear her gaze from Crowley's tits. They were easily bigger than her own plump pair, and surprisingly perky for someone in their late thirties. Rin's eyes twitched and zeroed in on a glimpse of pink peering over Crowley's blouse, almost as it were trying to tell her; 'suck me, suck me! I'm so tender and juicy. She uses strawberry bodywash.' The teacher took a step forward, tops of her breasts jiggling like bowls of jelly. Rin wrenched her focus away and adhered it to the window.

The bulge in her pants moved down her leg and strained at the tight fabric. She bounced one foot in place, searching for something, anything, that would relieve the swelling sensation. Outside, a fence was lined with trees that overlooked the field, where P.E. was taking place. A row of girls performed jumping jacks while their coach looked them over. Lucky bastard, Rin cursed as her eyes immediately fell on the bouncing line of tits. She naturally lingered on Tracy Turner, the bustiest girl in school.

Rin slammed her head on her desk. She embraced the pain, relaxing as her erection retreated back to her crotch.

"Miss Wick?" Mrs. Crowley's voice was both demanding and tender.

"Yeah?" Rin raised her head, only realising her mistake when she came face to... boob with her teacher's chest. Her erection practically cackled at it surged along her leg, throbbing as it fed off the vision of desire before her eyes. There was no stopping it, not when Mrs. Crowley seemed determined to linger. One course of action laid before Rin's frazzled mind.

"Fuck this!" Rin announced and stood, swinging her bag over her front to hide the audacious bulge, "I'm outta here! Sayonara! Auf wiedersehen!" Once at the door, she rushed through the corridor. Mrs. Crowley's voice haunted her, as did the vivid memory of her flattering, unteacherlike breasts in Rin's face. They had looked so soft. The size wasn't too much either, just enough to overflow her hands. She couldn't be certain without actually getting a feel though.

"Ugh! What is wrong with me today?!" Rin huffed as she trudged toward a nearby gas station. She waved to the clerk on duty, who raised his brow at her and shrugged, pointing to their restroom around the back. Just being on the premises soothed her, but it also made her cock shove harder against its fabric prison. Her panties were soaked, too. A minute longer and the dampness would show through on her jet black jeans.

She strode awkwardly to the bathrooms, then paused and leaned against a wall as another futa passed by. The stranger gave her a knowing smirk, slowing to give Rin a proper look at her figure. Despite their efforts, Rin only had eyes for their breasts. She forced herself to keep walking and fixed her thoughts on what was to come, away from the myriad of big, bouncy boobs responsible for her predicament.

"Just stop already!" Rin whined, pinching the bridge of her nose. She strolled into the dingy restroom. The once tiled walls were cracked and defiled in graffiti - and who knows else - while the sinks were chipped. A distinct odour saturated the room, one that might disgust some. To others, it was the sign of a gloryhole. A busy one at that, though she was one of the few repeat users.

"That you, Al?" A familiar, disembodied voice inquired.

"Yeah," Rin sighed, stepping into the stall and lowering her pants to free her personal monster. It bounced into the open, slapping her shirt and staining it in pre-cum, then settled to stand at a near-perfect right-angle. She wasn't ashamed of being a futa, far, far from it. Rin loved her cock, or rather, the sensations that came from having one. Part of her pitied Monica for only having a pussy. She grimaced at the stains on the insides of her pants.

"Hmm, I thought school was still in session," the nameless voice teased. Rin had taken to calling her Nami, though not aloud. It might get weird if that actually was her name. 

"Are you gonna complain?" Rin asked dryly, as she angled her hips and pushed her deliciously thick, veiny cock through the snug hole. Great, it got even bigger, she thought as she scraped the sides. She had glided through yesterday.

"My, someone's excited," Nami cooed, "I think you've got a new vein."

"Oh yeah?" Rin breathed, already hot with excitement.

"Hmm," Nami hummed, then a soft, moist sensation traced along this supposed vein, "Tasty as always."

"Just get sucking already," Rin gasped and moaned, thrusting her hips as her demand was answered. She leaned against the wall, savouring the reminiscent aroma of past patrons. A mixture of cock and pussy permeated the air, heightening her own sense of arousal. Nami was slow and methodical even as she gagged loudly, and thick drool leaked through the hole. It coated Rin's pleasure obsessed prick and dribbled down her full testes.

As she moaned, Nami began to change her straightforward motions. Rin reached under her heavy balls to stroke along her pussy, digging a finger past the lips and into her dripping, satin-smooth hole. She pressed her broad hips flush against the wall, breathing hotly as Nami spiralled her head and whipped her tongue, lathering Rin's member in fresh coatings of spit. Nami's throat opened around Rin and she soon felt lips close around the deepest part of her cock.

"Fuck, yeah. Work that filthy mouth! Suck my cock clean, bitch..." Rin groaned hotly, a line of saliva sullying her pale face. She swallowed her drool, though she forgot to do it again as Nami sped up, "What a cock slut, sucking me like that... Want me to cum down your throat?"

"Hmm yeah..." Nami pulled free and stroked her lips along Rin's shaft, moaning against it as she inhaled the pussy dominating musk, "Right down my throat. In my stomach. Hmm... Give. Me. Every. Drop." She punctuated each word with a quick suck on Rin's shaft, before popping off. Her hands joined the fray, working in perfect harmony to pleasure Rin.

"Then you know what I want," Rin growled, humping her powerful hips against the hole and her writhing fingers.

"Fuck, yeah I do," Nami moaned. She slid the cock back into her mouth, taking her time to flood her mouth with warm throat-slime, before slowly taking Rin down her gullet once more. The gloryhole whore's lips wrapped around every inch that she could reach and waited. Rin held in place, steadying her lustful breaths, then slid her hips away and rammed forward. The bathroom echoed with her thrust.

Rin took a deep breath of the lurid air. The fresh odour of her cock and sloppy cunt filled her sinuses, rising to her brain and hazing it in her lusts. Unbidden, Rin tugged her shirt up and freed her breasts to grope one. Most only noticed her wide, curvy hips and ignored the plush tits on her chest. Her salaciously plump figure made pulling off the goth look tricky at times, but it was a joy in privacy. Almost every part of her felt like a marshmallow in her hands.

Especially her bust. They weren't big like Monica or Mrs. Crowley's were, just ample enough to fill her palm completely. Rin rolled the supple mound in her hand, squeezing her fingers together around her taut nipple. She looked down at her chest and had to remind herself not to drool. Pert and hand filling, with dusty pink nipples and chubby areolae made her tits a near perfect set in her eyes. If only they were bigger.

Yeah, Rin thought and licked her lips. Bigger tits meant more boob to touch and squeeze, to play with, to seduce with. She raised her breast up and strained to meet with her lips, though she fell short. Her tongue lashed across the nipple, sending a jolt of delight through her. It took a series of raps against the wall for Nami to bring her out of the trance-like state.

"Sorry," Rin released her breast and reared her hips back, holding still to let her gloried fleshlight breathe, before charging forth to drive every inch back inside. She kept head facing down, watching as her cock, shiny with Nami's spit, sawed back and forth. Each motion made her tits bounce as well, adding to the beautiful view. Rin simultaneously rolled three fingers into her pussy, building to a dual orgasm. Cumming from both at the same time was easily her favourite feeling.

She rapidly worked herself to that very sensation. Rin's hips worked furiously, muscles she had built after dozens of these sessions worked to pump her cock down Nami's glorious throat. Her prick was bathed in spit while it engraved its shape in Nami's tight hole. Faster and faster, until her moves were blurred. Or that might've been her vision.

The faint light turned blinding as she came. Rin fell against the wall, seemingly held up only by the lips on the other side, and yelled in bliss, "Fuck, fuck, fuck! AHHH, hmm... take it!" She groaned and shouted, each beat of her heart was another tide of pleasure. It rolled through her and exploded from her cock, flooding straight down Nami's expert throat. Her pussy clamped down on her fingers and wept sympathetically, spilling juices down her thighs.

"Hmm," Rin hummed as she lazily rolled her hips and ran her fingers along her sopping pussy, savouring how her lush vulva cradled the digit, "Clean my cock." Nami did as she wished, tongue working languidly to lap up every drop of spit and cum. Her lips caressed Rin's head, then came free with a lewd pop.

"A pleasure, as always," Nami panted, voice rough from the harsh pounding.

"Back at you," Rin breathed and pulled her cock free. It was glossy with Nami's saliva, though not a speck of semen could be seen. A ring of lipstick almost touched the base.

"We're gonna have to meet sometime," Nami sighed.

Rin seized at the proclamation. Sure, that would be great, meeting an anonymous slut - Rin assumed at least - that sucks your dick all the time. Wouldn't be awkward at all, "Yeah... for now, I've gotta get home."

"Oh? Then I guess I'll see you later today," Nami giggled.

"You don't know that," Rin muttered, but she was probably correct. There was only one other person at home, that being her mother. She didn't work, living off her inheritance from Rin's grandparents, which left her with all the free time in the world. And what did she choose to do with it?

"Hey, Allie!" Delilah called as Rin stepped into their luxury apartment. Calling it luxurious was perhaps a little far, but it was certainly better than most, akin to a small house. Two bedrooms and bathrooms, one spacious kitchen and a family room equipped with two couches, a love seat, coffee table and sixty-inch tv. Rin certainly could've been born into a worse life.

Unfortunately, those indulgences came at a price that Rin's purse couldn't handle. Nor could any amount of work it seemed.

"Do you think this thong makes my cock look too big?" Delilah slid into the foyer, striking a pose to accentuate her barely hidden member. It stretched her thong to its limits and couldn't handle her balls. The smooth sack hung from either side, stretched taut by her balls. Rin quickly preoccupied her vision on... anything.

"No," she answered on autopilot, hoping to placate her mother.

"Okay, good. Didn't want to scare anyone away," Delilah beamed, then turned around, presenting her peach shaped derriere. Its ripe cheeks devoured the underprepared underwear, almost as if they were embarrassed by the lacy, black number, "What about my butt?"

"It looks fine, Mom," Rin rolled her eyes and walked into the kitchen, eager to get a snack and segregate herself in her room.

"Yay! Oh, and what about my boobs? I think they might be sagging a bit," Delilah pouted and presented her unfairly perky tits. Rin froze with two slices of bread in hand. She licked her lips as her mind raced through memories of her mothers bust, even recalling a time when she had inexplicably started lactating a few years ago. Shame it didn't happen more often. Rin bit her bottom lip, almost drawing blood, and turned.

Memories didn't do Delilah's boobs justice. The mounds weren't huge, only a couple of sizes bigger than Rin's, but they were full and a gorgeous creamy colour, capped by rich, strawberry areolae, where were engorged as always, housing her inverted nipples. Rin had seen them only once, however the memory stuck firmly in her thoughts. Her mother's were the quintessential archetype for nipples. Large and firm, dotted in stray bumps that must feel great on a tongue. And the perfect size for sucking on.

"They look fine," Rin blurted and forced herself back to her sandwich, rushing to slather it in strawberry jam.

"And," Delilah continued, pausing as she crept up behind Rin to press the 'fine' breasts into her back, "How do they feel, sweetie?"

Wonderful. Amazing. Like the bigger pair of marshmallows she'd ever seen or felt. Warm. Comforting. So soft that she could just lean back and fall asleep on them. 

"Fine," Rin managed to snap, before she practically from the room back to the front door. Her sandwich forgotten in her hurry. The crotch of her pants pressed painfully tight on her erection, one that fuelled her burgeoning fantasies.

A short while later and Rin exclaimed her relief as she unloaded into Nami's always willing throat once again.

"Told ya so," Nami giggled. Rin went to pull up her jeans and leave without a response, but her breasts came into view. Worse, they reminded her of the whole reason she was there. She groaned and shoved her renewed erection back through the gloryhole.

"Where'd you run off to?" Delilah inquired when Rin stumbled back inside.

"Met a friend," she mumbled and staggered to her bedroom, pushed the door shut, then flopped onto her bed. The fact that some of her jizz had gotten onto her jeans and shirt didn't bother her. Her crotch ached magnificently, the throbbing like that of a lullaby, and her balls felt emptier than they had for a long time. Sleep claimed the sexually exhausted goth in a matter of moments.

And the blaring beeps of her alarm violently stole her away. Rin groaned and sat up, yawned, then glanced at the digital clock on her nightstand. She blinked the bleariness from her eyes and stretched, before looking again. 8:02AM. Classes typically started at 8:30AM.

"Shit!!" Rin felt like the exclamation lasted throughout her morning routine. Shower, breakfast, teeth brushing, dressing... when she finally reached her classroom at 8:32AM, just before the teacher arrived, haggard didn't begin to describe how she felt.

"Did you run here or something?" Monica asked with a light-hearted grin. They were on the way to their next lesson with Mrs. Crowley, something that Rin found herself anxious for. Not that she would admit it.

"Yes," Rin scowled, curling her lip at the sweat that rolled lazily across forehead. Glancing down at herself did nothing to improve her mood either. In her rush, she had thrown anything that was remotely clean, which included yesterday's jizz stained shirt. The pants were new, though she swore that they were a size too small around her full hips and stubborn semi-erection. She forewent a bra, too flustered to try and put on the torture device.

"Long night?" A familiarly teasing voice jumped between them. Lex flung her arms over the two futanari, hugging them close despite the dull expression on her face. She was the most outgoing amongst Rin's friends, almost able to drift between cliques, but she was never without a dark eyeshadow, black lipstick and suitably distressed clothes, "Did it finally happen? With that girl you mentioned?"

"N-no," Rin looked away instantly, both to conceal her blush and to avoid Lex's chest. Though her breasts were the smallest of the group, they were pertly shaped and often ungirded. Rin considered strange if she didn't see Lex's nipples at least once a day.

"Shame, she sounds so hot. Don't know what's keeping you," Lex shrugged.

The fact it was her mother, Rin mentally lamented. Her parent's uninhibited tendencies were normal for Rin, as was the near-flirting, but it came at a price. Almost every night had her fantasising about Delilah, they even showed themselves during the day lately. The worst part was that a blowjob from Nami couldn't wholly distract her anymore.

Later, in her English class, Rin found her gaze fixed on the front. They followed Mrs. Crowley's every movement, rather, they tracked her chest like a predator would. Her shirt was somehow lower than yesterday, blatantly revealing a hint of her areolae. If she moved too fast, her tits would swing and bounce, clearly unhindered by a bra. Few could match Delilah's delicious breasts, but Mrs. Crowley was a close second.

An even closer second was the cheerleader outside, Terri Claw. She was the only one capable of luring Rin's eye away from Mrs. Crowley, whose every action seemed to accentuate how big and soft and bouncy her tits were. The teacher's rival was both subtler and infinitely more blatant. Both mounds were completely covered, no hint of cleavage, but they stretched the uniform to the point that it looked painted on. Rin could even see them from behind. It was made worse by the routine.
