 Sam awoke with a jolt as his wrists tugged at the metal restraints holding him to his bed. He looked around, panicking, looking for the guard to let him loose. Only after a few more seconds of intense shaking did he remember he was no longer incarcerated, but traveling as a passenger on a colony ship headed for a distant rimworld. He had volunteered to commute his sentence, and the last thing he remembered was drifting off to cryosleep onboard the massive starship. He turned his head to the right and saw a young man trying to pull his metal restraints off.

"Don't squirm, son. It only makes it hurt more." Sam offered in a soothing tone. An explosion in the distance caused them both to flinch, the ship shaking even more. Sam craned his neck to the left, able to just barely see crew members getting up from their cryobeds and running to investigate.

Another explosion, this time louder and larger rocked the ship. Other passengers began to scream, including the man directly in front of Sam. "What the fuck is going on! What -" he was cut off with the third explosion. Sam grimaced as the light was too bright. Once he opened them again, the view was not comforting. The man who had been screaming had been crushed by a piece of metal - part of the hull that had ripped off, and now exposed the cabin to the outside. Sam intuitively held his breath, until he realized there was oxygen as he could feel warm air on his face.

One more explosion, and everything became calm. Entire sections of the ship broke apart and began hurtling towards the surface. Sam watched as the largest section of the ship got smaller and smaller as the sound of rushing air became louder. The hull the beds were attached to spun around, and Sam could see others in similar predicaments all around him.

The ride must have lasted no more than a minute, and it ended in a sudden crash. Sam briefly lost consciousness again, waking up with a headache and massive ringing in his ears. The restraints loosened once they had reached the surface and he quickly got up to survey the damage.

Small fires burned around him and the twisted chunk of metal that had delivered them to the ground. The young man next to him was still unconscious and bleeding from his arm that had been gashed badly by a piece of hull. Thinking quickly, Sam picked him up and dragged him outside of the crash site.

Turning back towards the ship, he saw another man carrying an unconscious woman towards him. He set her down next to Sam and ran back to the impact crater. Sam inspected the woman carefully for injuries but didn't seem to find any serious ones. He began to rip the shirt of the wounded man and wrap his arm in a tourniquet.

The man who had rescued the woman returned again with a limp body of a clearly deceased fellow passenger. The rescuer was not a tall man, but he was young and muscular, barely breaking a sweat as he pulled people and corpses from the crash site.

After a few more trips, the man came back empty handed. "That's all of them," he said. "Just the four of us from this section. Who knows where everyone else landed."

Sam nodded. He stood up from the injured man and wiped his brow before offering his hand. "I'm Sam. Thanks for the assist."

"Raymond. Go by Ray." the two men shook hands, when suddenly the young woman stirred.

"Nnnngh" she groaned as she held her hand up to her temple. "My head," she moaned.

Sam knelt down next to her. "Sit up, you likely have a concussion."

"What happened?" She looked around at the forest surroundings. "Where am I?"

"The ship crashed, I'm not sure where we are. Given the oxygen atmosphere, I'm guessing we made it to our destination, at least."

"Our destination? Ship?" 

She must have amnesia, thought Sam. "Yes, Alma 212, the rimworld we were sent to colonize. We were supposed to set up a mining colony. We were put in cryosleep, and -"

"Nnnngh," she groaned some more. "Right. Ok, it's coming back to me. Why did we crash?"

"Not a clue." Sam looked towards Ray, who simply shrugged.

"Just us four, that we know of. That's Ray, I'm Sam. What's your name?"

"Cassie," she said. "What's his name?" She pointed at the wounded man.

"Not sure. We'll have to ask him when he wakes up. Until then, we should see if we can find any emergency supplies."

Sam and Ray picked through the wreckage and managed to find a crate of first aid kits and emergency rations, enough to last a week or two between the four of them. They carried it back to Cassie, and while doing so it started to rain.

"Great timing," Sam muttered. He looked around and spotted an alcove under a huge rock. "Let's move over there."

The survivors took shelter under the rock and tended to the wounded with proper bandages. Sam got a better look at Cassie as she wrapped a bandage around a cut on Ray's arm. She was a very beautiful girl, likely in her early twenties, at least ten years younger than him. She was tall and thin, with long legs and graceful features. Her golden blonde hair framed her stunning face, even through the blood and grime. 

As the sun set, they huddled close together for warmth. Cassie lay between the rock and Sam, only inches separating them. 

He woke up at first light, sitting up and looking around. The wounded man was where they had left him, still unconscious. As he stretched, Sam felt himself being uncomfortably hard. He looked around to see if Cassie was nearby, and when he figured it was safe, he walked away from the camp to relieve himself. Peeing was difficult as always, more so with the massive erection he was sporting. He remembered back to the briefing before they had boarded the ship; the doctor had explained to the men that, after cryosleep, they would be very aroused from the long period of no sexual activity.

As he finished up, Sam turned his head towards a sound in the distance. He listened carefully until he heard it again - it sounded like a high pitched yell. Fearing for Cassie, he ran towards the sound. He heard it more and more clearly until he found himself at the edge of a lake. He looked around and spotted off in the distance Cassie, fully nude on all fours, being taken from behind by Ray.

He seemed desperate, slamming himself into the young girl roughly with each thrust. She moaned loudly and Sam looked around for a rock. "That piece of shit!" He mumbled as he searched for a weapon. He paused when Cassie spoke.

"Yes! Ohhhh, yes, fuck me just like that Ray..." Sam dropped the rock and turned back towards them as he realized that this was not rape. Ray's hands held firmly onto Cassie's thin waist as he kept pushing himself inside her. Her firm breasts shook only slightly as she was fucked wildly. "Don't stop! Don't stop!" she kept commanding. 

"Ohhhhh, shit!" Ray said as he disobeyed her command. He pulled out of her quickly and pushed her forward until her stomach was on the dirt of the shore. His cock spewed a massive torrent of cum out onto her backside, volley after volley landing on her lower back and tight little ass. 

She whimpered and moaned as she was drenched for a solid ten seconds. After his orgasm finally subsided, Ray leaned back on the ground panting for breath as Cassie lay on the ground covered in seed. Sam backed away from the area, trying not to make his presence known to the young lovers.

After ten minutes, Ray walked back to the camp, holding some branches and twigs. "Got some, uh, firewood here. How's the hurt kid?"

Sam, avoiding eye contact, glanced over at the unconscious passenger who had been seated next to him. "Still asleep. Getting a little worried. Where's Cassie?" He asked Ray.

"Right here," she said, walking back from the lake in just her pants and undershirt. Her hair was wet. "Went for a morning dip. The water is quite nice. Are you sure we're not back on Earth?"

The trio spent the day scavenging. Ray split off from the group while Sam and Cassie stayed nearby to be in earshot of the wounded man. While picking up firewood, Sam managed to cut his hand on a sharp branch. "God damn," he swore as he held his bleeding hand. 

"Let me see that," Cassie said as she took his hand. "Ouch, let's go back and I'll wrap that for you."

Cassie took a bandage from the kit and began to slowly wrap it around Sam's hand. She did it slow and delicately as she held his hand in place on her lap. She sputtered out a cough and grinned. "Are you a masochist?" she asked him.

"Uh, no, why do you say that?" Sam responded.

"Well, you seem quite...excited." She glanced towards Sam's groin. The government issued pants did little to hide his massive erection which had returned once Cassie had held his hand.

"Oh, shit. I'm sorry. Can't help it sometimes."

"I've heard the cryosleep can do a number on you men." She said, not making eye contact with Sam as she tied the bandage.

"Where'd you hear that?" Sam asked.

"Erm, Ray told me." she said, blushing slightly.

"Did he now. Did you play sexy nurse with him as well?" He chuckled as visions of Cassie being taken from behind danced through his head.

"Sexy? You think I'm sexy all dirty in this getup?" Cassie changed the subject.

"I think you're incredibly sexy, in any getup." Sam said, as Cassie lifted her head, looking him in the eyes for the first time in this conversation.

"Sam, I think we better do something about your condition, or else you're going to snap it off on a rock or a tree out here." She grinned, not letting go of his hand despite being done with the bandage.

"And what exactly do you propose?" He said coyly.

Her smile widened as she leaned back, before pulling her undershirt over her head. Her breasts were small but pert, and Sam could not help but stare. He took his time admiring her form, before putting his hands up and backing away. "Hold on, hold on, this is crazy. We are marooned on an alien planet. Sex is the last way we should be spending our time and energy. We should be hunting for food, or-"

Cassie put her finger on Sam's lips to shush him. "We have a lot of supplies, we will find more, and Ray is out looking for them." She casually undid the button on Sam's pants and unzipped his fly as she talked. "Plus I think if you walk around like this for any longer you're bound to break it off on a tree." 

Sam felt her hand on his cock as she rubbed it, kneeling in front of him as his resolve was fading. She tugged down his clothes until the full shaft was exposed, and wasted no time in gripping it, squeezing gently as she felt the hardness. She looked up at her companion with a smile as she gently stroked it.

Beads of sweat formed on his forehead as Sam watched this girl who he had met in the most unusual of circumstances stroke his cock. He had been unusually horny ever since he woke up, and dark sexual thoughts had crossed his mind when he was watching over the beautiful castaway as she recovered from the crash. Now here she was, on her knees, taking his dick into her mouth.

Sam braced himself on a nearby rock while Cassie skillfully slid her wet lips across his engorged member, going just deep enough to make his head spin. She glanced up at him, smiling with her mouth full at his moans of delight. "Nnnnghhhaaa..." was the only sound he could manage when their eyes met.

It was his first sexual contact in years, if you count the cryosleep - a few weeks before that Sam had visited a brothel on his brief furlough before entering the training for his journey. The courtesan was not nearly as beautiful nor as skilled as Cassie was. Cassie had a way of knowing just when to slow down and when to speed up. She would take him deep, before very slowly sliding her mouth and tongue over the entire length of his shaft, twirling gently with her skilled tongue, before repeating the motion upon reaching the tip. She'd add a hand, firmly stroking the base, giving him sensations on all parts of his thick cock at once. Gradually she would stroke harder and faster, gentle caresses of the tongue giving way to flicks across the underside, all the while his dick was pushing in and out between her lips. 

She repeated the whole routine twice and was halfway through the third as Sam finally managed words rather than sounds. "Gonna... cuu...cumming!" The words made sense to Cassie just before she felt the massive wave of ejaculate rush into her mouth. She squealed as she pulled back to the tip, allowing the fluids to fill her mouth with two large spurts before pulling her mouth off and tugging his penis downwards towards her chest. Massive thick ropes of white semen cascaded down on her firm breasts, covering her from neck to belly. "FUCK!" Sam cried out as he took over, finishing off his unusually large load by stroking himself over her already glazed tits.

"Shit, that's so hot..." Cassie said as she touched herself with her less cum-covered hand, having swallowed the cum she had taken in the mouth. Sam admired his work as he caught his breath, smiling at the messy girl playing with herself on her knees in front of him.

Before Sam could offer to return the favor, they were interrupted by loud moans nearby. Sam pulled his trousers up and investigated the noise. He realized quickly it was the wounded passenger, who had finally woken up.