 Just a quick note of thanks to Reni for editing this for me,

Here I am, Twenty months out on my two year tour when my A.I. flags up a possible alien artefact, outwardly it looks identical to my own ship, a hollowed out asteroid. It was slightly larger than mine at fifteen hundred meters long by six hundred meters wide at its broadest point.

I queried my A.I. over its id as alien, and a sweet voice purrs in my ear that we have no known ships out in this system, a blue giant star that goes by the reference number B1279.

I'm out here looking for metallic asteroids to boot back home through the wormhole, which means slowly zig-zaging through the whole belt doing a full sensor sweep, the system I'm currently exploring is too dangerous for normal ships hence my use of the asteroid.

I've got at least two hundred meters of metal between me and the star, giving me all the protection I need against the soup of radiation outside.

We had closed to within ten Km. The object of concern showed on the viewscreen bold and bright, the data suggested that it was hollow inside with the fuzzy outline of a functioning fusion generator visible on the monitors near one end.

Glittering in the void between us were the spiderbots that my A.I. had dispatched to investigate, as I continued to stare out at it I was struck by a thought, if this was really alien then I was in for a really big payday.

I was working off my family's 'service' obligation to our home world Nirvana, in reality the job was a sinecure, the A.I. ran 99.9% of the operation.

I was only here in case something like this happened, a 'first contact' with aliens.

I asked the A.I. to give me the feed from the leading bot, the picture showed me a very ordinary asteroid, with what looked like an engine pylon mounted thirty or forty meters from the end. 

"Can you zoom in on that mounting in the upper quadrant Sue", (Sue was my pet name for the main A.I.)

The picture expanded as the object grew larger.

"Analysis?"

"It looks like a standard mounting for an ion thruster" my sexy voiced computer replied

"So much for the aliens" I thought, "Pan over to the back end and see if there's an air lock"

The view slid smoothly focusing on the pockmarked blunt end, "I don't see anything there, do you"

"There is a temperature anomaly to the side of the large crater"

The view expanded again and switched into thermal, there was a silver crescent standing in stark relief to the dark background, if there was a way in that was it.

"Send a bot to investigate and have the others look to see if there are any matching pylons around the dark side".

Now this really was a mystery, this system was hot, and the star was already expanding as it cycled toward the fiery nova waiting for it some thousands of years hence. How had it gotten here, we had control of the star space where any generator would need to be sited to wormhole this far, unless of course they had doglegged sideways.

I made my way down to my airlock, I needed to suit up and get a look at this myself. I asked Sue to manoeuvre so that the body of the ship would shield me during the crossing and to rustle me up a bot to ride over on.

Sue had closed the gap to three hundred meters; we were standing vertically away with our shadow creating a black stain across the regolith covered surface. I had forgotten how space sick I get in zero G, no sooner than I stepped into the airlock than my stomach did the flips.

I clipped on my safety line from the wall and hit the switch, I felt the suit tighten as the air dropped and the door slowly opened, the bot was waiting outside and I pushed off towards it, my aim was good and I easily grasped one of its appendages and clipped my suit line onto its torso, releasing the ship one to float free. 

The asteroid grew rapidly as I looked for the air lock embedded in the dark of the crater. The bot waited until we were only five meters above the ground, lighting up an airlock barely big enough to fit my suit.

I clipped one of the bot's lines onto my belt and unclipped mine, launching myself at the hand hold. Gently making contact, I stabilised myself and reached over for the slap button to open it. 

Slipping in I noticed that the warning signs and instructions were in some unrecognised language, I focus my camera on them and asked Sue if she could translate them.

"Warning," she began, 

"No, I was more wondering what language they were in?" I exclaimed.

"It is a dialect used in the mountainous region of Molrovia on old earth," She said.

I was somewhat bemused, an odd language from an obscure region of Earth, things were getting stranger, I punched the button for the inner door and ask Sue to display the air quality, it was well in the green.

I debated myself the wisdom of removing my suit and thought that a 'safe than sorry' policy was good, and as the door opened I eased myself through. The corridor was bare metal and rock, left as raw as the plasma arc had fused it.

At least there was some sort of plastic flooring, to my right there was a locker with four orbital suits hanging, the corridor curved off to the left, I started up it finding it curving right then left again, maybe fifty meters to another door.

This one smaller, my suit wouldn't fit through it, reluctantly I walked back to the locker room and divested myself of my suit. The air tasted metallic and oily at the same time and I looked to see if there were any rebreathers around, no, I would just have to suffer it.

I entered through the door to find the expected layout of the cargo storage area, here the plastisteel covered everything. I checked the various stores as I made my way up to the living quarters, hoping to quickly reach the bottom of the mystery with the ships logs.

On the other side of the upper door it was a different world, plush carpet and wood panelling, the air took on a musty odour as I made my way up the main corridor looking for the bridge, I'd walked half way through the ship before I saw it, the layout was near optimal computer planned with a little bit more room that mine.

I climbed the two decks and punched the button. The doors slid smoothly apart, a quick glance around the stations showed me that it was running in hibernation mode, no hydroponics, no air recycling, just low level maintenance.

I was about to bring up the air purifiers when the thought stuck me, there was no point in reanimating the ship, I wasn't going to be here but a day at the most.

I pulled up the logs. Wiped clean. I went to the A.I. station and booted it out of standby, and booted was the right word, the monitor showed it going through its initial boot sequence. Even the A.I. had had its memory flushed, I swore under my breath, I wouldn't mind betting that the rest of the ship would be sanitised.

I went to the security station and turned all the cameras on, flicking through each one in sequence, I learnt that one of the forward storage bays had been converted to hold a vast quantity of foodstuffs, boxes and bags were piled high and refrigerated to minus forty C.

I also found two active cryo chambers in the medical bay, immediately I saw them I was on my way down there. It was all chrome and white tile, I walked past the auto doc bay noting that it was at least one version down on mine, and through to the cryo chamber, there were eight pods in all, the two active one showed all normal readings.

Behind the faceplates were the heads of two very beautiful young girls, they looked like teenagers. Would they be able to answer the mysteries of this abandoned ship, there was only one way to find out.

I walked to the control station and brought up the details of the first pod, all the personal information was absent, par for the course here I thought. As I scrolled down through the medical charts all it showed was that the inhabitant was in very good health.

I hit the return button till I was back at the main page, and ticked the revive box before hitting enter, I did the same with the other pod, it would take about six hours before the pods opened and they would need another twelve in the med bay to fully recover.

I'd made it to the galley in the hope that there was some drinkable coffee there but that too had been stripped, there was nothing to do here but wait so I decided to return to the comfort of my own ship where I could have coffee at least, and I could dig out some of that THC to calm me down and let me think.

Back on my ship I gathered together a few essentials for my sojourn, lots of coffee and cream, a few snack bars and to top it off a fifty gram pouch of bud and my vaporiser, the whole transfer back and forth had used up three hours of my six hour wait.

I poked around the medical bay and found some medivac stretchers that were hooked into the grid and fully charged, I queried the medical computer as to the feasibility of shipping the girls straight over to my ship once they were out of the cryo pods and found that it was doable.

By the time I got both stretchers into position the first pod cracked open, I reached forward to catch her as she stumbled out, she was a blond, completely naked, looking somewhere in her late teens early twenties, she looked astonishingly beautiful with firm orange sized breasts, 28 waist and luscious curved hips.

She looked at me and said "Master."

I had barely the time to set her down on the trolley before the other pod cracked open and I rushed to help the other girl, This one had jet black hair with a touch of Asian ancestry showing in her smooth dusky skin, she too was naked with small breasts crowned by dark areoles and cute little rounded nipples, she too looked at me and uttered "Master".

With the pair of them plumbed into the trolleys I manoeuvred them back towards the airlock, and entrusted them to the bots to transport them over to my ship whilst I suited up for the journey.

My medibots had already whisked them off to the sick bay by the time I arrived, and I made that my first port of call once I had stripped of my suit. They were both sleeping when I looked in on them, lying nude on the white sheets hooked up to the monitoring equipment.

Both of them were gorgeous enough to win any miss universe contest, my cock began to harden as I gazed on them lying innocently on their beds, I felt strongly protective, in awe of their beauty.

I was eating supper and organising for the replacement of the other ships thrusters when Sue informed me that the girls were now awake. I dropped everything and rushed down there arriving breathless at the door.

They struggled to get up when they saw me.

"Whoa, lie down, you still have a lot of recovering to do," I said.

"Master," they intoned together.

I had lots of questions to ask of them but that would come later when they had fully recovered, for the moment I was pleased that they showed signs of a full recovery.

"My cabin is down the corridor turn right", I said, "the galley is turn left and through that is the lounge, if I'm not in any I'm probably on the bridge but don't follow me there, understand"

They both nodded.

"Rest now and when you're recovered we'll talk again".

I left them and made my way back to the galley where my scrambled eggs had gone cold, I ordered up a fresh lot whilst I wondered what to do with the ship I had found, It was worth a small fortune in metals alone, converted it was worth double.

If I remembered my law it was mine by right of salvage, the original owner had the right to buy it back for a 'reasonable' recompense once details of its recovery had been published, "Published where" I thought to myself, "I'll have to let the lawyers sort that one out" but having finished supper it was time for bed.

It was a mixture of shock, surprise and delight. I awoke dreamily to find the blonde one holding my head and kissing me eyes closed, here and there, on the lips, on the cheeks, while the dark haired one was working wonders on my erect penis.

She licking slowly round the head before slowly sliding her lips down the shaft, touching the back of her throat then sliding them back up, I shivered and moaned in appreciation her art, the sensuous flow of her lips was sending thrills down to the root.

She withdrew it when she saw that I was awake and tickly licked my eye before running her tongue down the underside until she was making little circles in the hair on my testicles, gently brushing the skin.

The blonde, feeling me shift in her hands as I looked down at my cocksucker, pressed her lips to mine and pushed her tongue through the hedge of my teeth, bringing my arms around her I began to respond twirling my tongue with hers.

The other responded also, increasing the frequency of the hand strokes and rimming my head with her teeth.

The blonde leaned back, grasping my arms and bringing my hands to her soft mounds, I let my hands circle her breasts kneading them and rubbing my thumb over her stiff little nipples. She moaned softly and leaned forwards to kiss me, twisting her lips on mine as she rolled her head

She arched her back, thrusting her breasts out. I pushed my head forwards seizing a nipple with my teeth, my lips meeting her flesh, releasing it I gave it a few flicks with my tongue slowly tracing round it.

Her fingers scratched down my belly as she thrust them through to her vagina eagerly massaging her clit, my cock felt like it was bursting I was getting that intense feeling at the bottom of my shaft as my ejaculate pooled waiting to spurt out as I orgasmed.

My back arched as I came in her mouth, causing her to splutter in surprise, the blonde on top slid off and rolled grasping around the other girls fingers, heads together she pushed the other off, catching the third weaker spurt, if I had any more left she sucked that out pressing her lips like a pouty kiss. I collapsed back onto the bed. 

I had just had the most sexually erotic experience of my life. The girls scrambled up alongside me, each with an arm over me smiles on their lips as they snuggled in, for a minute I lay there basking in the glow of the experience and in love with life.

The full realisation of what had just happened dawned slowly on me, I sat up and looked at the two naked forms lying there, doubt clouding my mind for a brief second, the ache in my loins was proof enough of reality, it had been no dream.

They sat up next to me. "How may we serve you master," they chimed.

Puzzled I asked "Serve me."

Bizarre images of breakfast in bed conjuring in my mind.

"Do you wish for more sex?" The dark haired one asked.

"No," I replied. "I wish to take a shower and have breakfast."

"Then we shall wash you," said the blonde rising from the bed.

They took my hands looking round for the shower.

"No, you pair will go back to your cabins and shower yourselves, then meet me in the galley" I said shaking their hand free.

They made sad faces at me as they retreated to the door.

"Go on" I said as I turned and headed to the shower. "I wouldn't need a morning wank this morning." I thought to myself, although what glorious wanking material ran through my mind as I remembered the sex I'd just had. 

I'd thrown on a T shirt and a pair of shorts after the shower, along with a spray of antiperspirant before heading to the galley; I still couldn't get my mind round what had happened, the orgasmic cloud of sufficiency and satisfaction that flowed around my mind.

I ordered my usual breakfast of porridge sweetened with honey and turning on the monitor I asked Sue for a progress report on fitting the ion drives to the other asteroid which I'd christened 'Lonely One'.

"The engines are all installed", she purred in my ear.

"I would have to reprogram the voice with the girls aboard" I thought as she continued.

"Two have been connected to the propellant tanks and are ready for testing, the other two will be ready in one hour and one hour fifteen minutes respectively," She said in her 'come to bed' voice. "Definitely too seductive sultry," popped into my head.

The two girls wandered in, naked, holding hands and giggling, their pubic lips swollen and flushed.

"I've got some clothes if you want," I said. "Sorry I should have thought".

The dark haired one stopped "Do you wish us to wear clothes?" she asked in a curious voice.

"Well no...I mean it's up to you.... if you want" my voice trailed off.

"Does it offend you" the blonde asked, a trace of a frown crossing her face.

"No...no...no...," I spluttered, as I got out of my seat.

They approached me and slipped their arms around my back, their other hands rubbing up and down my shorts over my growing penis.

"NO...no...no," I said in my sternest voice, reaching to remove the temptation.

"Who are you, where do you come from, what were you doing in that ship?" the questions flowing from my thoughts.

"What ship?" the blonde one asked as she sat on the stool, back to the breakfast bar.

"The one outside," I said. "Sue display 'Lonely One' for me."

"Working," she said as the live view flashed onto the screen.

"This one," I said pointing, she looked idly at the screen.

"I don't know," she sighed.

"What do you know, either of you?" I said looking back at them.

"We are your slaves," the dark one said.

"Slaves," I echoed. 

"Yes," she stated "We are to serve you in everything."

I was taken a little aback, my mind fumbling for understanding.

The blonde teased her little patch of pubic hair, making it glisten in the strong light of the galley, while the dark one stood hands behind her head, breasts pulled tight, her legs slightly apart showing the tips of her labia through her still plump outer ones.

I "Huurrrumpfed." As I tried to grasp the situation, they seemed serious, and they seemed to have one aim, to seduce me.

"Look girls," I said starting back at the basics, "What are your names?"

"We have no names," they chimed, "If you wish us to have names you must give us names."

I was further confused. "You must have names, you must be someone."

I looked from one to the other. "Don't you remember anything?"

"It is simple" she said, "we are here and we are to serve you".

I gave up, for the moment I would put thoughts of them aside. They were going to require patience and time, I could deal with them later when the task of salvage was fully underway. It was a gulf of understanding I had to bridge if we were to live in harmony.

"Are you hungry? Do you want to eat breakfast?"

"Yes we are hungry"

"What do you want," I asked. "I've got a good hydroponics and an excellent synthesiser. Will pancakes and honey be ok?"

"We will eat what we are given," replied the blonde one as she stretched and yawned, giving me a full on display of her breasts with her pert little nipples.

I sighed, and turned to punch in the order on the menu.

"Processing, two minutes and thirty seven seconds remaining," Sue purred in her usual sexy voice.

I turned my attention to the tasks of the day, sitting back in front of my screen and now cold porridge.

The girls started to approach, I waved them back saying. "You sit there and wait for your breakfast, would you like anything to drink?"

I looked from one to the other. "No on second thoughts ..., you both like orange juice?"

"We can drink it."

"You can have coffee or tea if you want as well." Hoping not to get the answer I expected.

"If it pleases you master," the dark one replied.

Their answers, especially in unison like that slotted in the key that started to make sense of it. It was the obvious answer that should have clicked the moment I saw them. They had been brain shaped into sex slaves, a practice illegal and frowned upon throughout ninety plus percent of the known planets, only the 'Ringworld' unofficially allowed that sort of horror.
