 The succubus seemed to glow with an unnatural heat that flowed from her naked body in waves, and an overpowering perfumed scent filled the air. The scent and the heat seemed to cloud my mind, inspiring a kind of dizzy arousal. Suddenly the world seemed hazy and distant and dreamlike, the memory of where I was slipping away.

She smiled as I came close to her and wrapped her arms around me, her claws raking at my back and drawing blood, but I remain entranced, unable to escape her control.

She raises a bloodied claw to her lips and sucks the blood from it.

"Exquisite," she sighs, "for years I have only had the blood of common rogues and treasure hunters. You have the taste of the master of this place, but it has grown weak and diluted. Now I am the master of this place, and you are the servant. You and your pretty little slave belong to me now."

Her claws dig into my back again and she mounts me, wrapping her legs around my waist. My cock is painfully erect with her thrall and her inner heat is painful as I slide inside her. She moans with delight and I noticed her sharp fangs just seconds before she drives them into my shoulder.

My heartbeat thundered in my ears as she drank my blood, killing me slowly and satisfying her demonic lust, and I felt something stirring deep inside me, like an ancient memory passed through blood and bone. The mist began to clear from my mind. Suddenly wakeful, I tore her claws from my back and threw her to the ground.

"My blood has not grown so weak as you think Lilith," she recoiled at the sound of her true name, "You served my ancestor, and you will serve me. Your power cannot control me."

She looked at me then, seeming to see something she had not noticed before. "Yes, you are reborn," she whispered softly, "I've waited for so long."

There was light then, blinding and all-consuming and when my vision cleared we were in the grand bedchamber overlooking the moonlit treetops, and in the place of the red-skinned demon succubus was a woman of unearthly beauty with fire-red hair and a body more perfect than that of any mortal woman, the only sign of her demonic nature the red irises of her eyes. Anna lay on the bed, stirring as though she had been sleeping all this time.

"This room is restored, but I have grown too weak over the years to restore everything. I am a demon of lust, and I have had none for too long." The demoness knelt at my feet. "Take me, Overlord. The power in your blood is great. Give me your lust and my powers are yours."

I nodded and she bent to take my cock into her mouth. Her aphrodisiac presence was softer now, but still strong, filling the room with a subtle perfume. I saw Anna seemed to feel it too, slowly stroking her pussy as she lay half-asleep on the bed.

Lilith licked and sucked at my cock for a long time, savouring what she had missed for so long, always knowing when to hold back to stop me from coming in her mouth. Finally I pulled her to her feet and led her to the bed, where she perched on her knees, presenting her perfect, completely smooth ass and pussy, Anna blinking awake and taking in the scene.

"Please take me Overlord, make me yours again," Lilith begged, and I would not deny her. I plunged my cock into her waiting pussy and she cried out in pleasure. Anna watched with lust burning in her eyes and spread her legs wide in front of us, spreading her pink pussy and rubbing her clit, pleasuring herself at the site of us.

Lilith's pussy was perfectly tight and smooth and she pressed back against me as I fucked her, her large breasts swaying. She let herself collapse onto the bed, her ass in the air and her face in Anna's pussy, licking and sucking her wet lips.

Anna moaned and stroked her breasts as Lilith ate her pussy, moaning gently, and I felt sure I would soon cum inside her, but some tantric trick of Lilith's power kept me going until Anna rose and perched beside Lilith, presenting their two beautiful wet pussies side by side.

I began to alternate, thrusting into Anna a few times, then Lilith. They turned to each other and kissed with lustful ferocity as I fucked them both.

"Please Overlord, take all of me," Lilith begged again, "take me in the ass like you did your slave, make me yours completely."

Anna rose to watch as I pressed my cock against Lilith's asshole, spreading her cheeks apart for me. She cried out long and loud as I entered her ass, and her pussy overflowed as she came again and again, her juices dripping onto the sheets.

Finally she lay still, and I withdrew from her ass, my cock still bursting with pleasure but unable to cum. She turned, and together she and Anna licked and sucked my cock clean. Something seemed to lift at that moment, and I began to cum longer and harder than I ever had, first into Lilith's mouth, then into Anna's, and the last drops spilling over their tits. They kissed messily, sharing my cum and licking it from each other's breasts.

At last I lay still on the bed, Anna and Lilith against my chest, and the three of us slept. In the morning there would be much to do. The Overlord would need to find his army.