 I woke with the sun, Anna and Lilith at either side of me, stirring drowsily in the dawn's light. Lilith's eyes opened, and I noticed she seemed brighter, as though she were glowing with renewed fire.

Wordlessly, she led me from the bed and we dressed, leaving Anna to doze happily. We walked down from the tower and saw the Overlord's palace renewed. Dusty stone floors were now mosaics of polished marble and tapestries adorned the walls, showing scenes of conquest.

We passed through the great hall, past the Overlord's throne, my throne, and down into the depths beneath. There the halls were lit with orbs glowing with unearthly power and the air grew warmer as we went deeper. We passed great forges and armouries filled with the jagged swords and black armour of the Overlord's army.

Finally we came to a natural cavern of stone that stretched out beyond sight, filled with stone coffins. Lilith really did glow now, with a red light that led me through the cavern, past the endless ranks of the dead.

"These are your ancestors," she said, indicating the rows of graves, "your bloodline goes back to the dawn of time, beyond mortal memory. In your veins flows the blood of an ancient god. A god of lust, chaos and pagan sacrifice."

I saw a dark shape then, towering above us, and as the light gathered I saw it was a statue. It was a man bearing the horns of a stag, his arms held high and mouth open as though howling at the sky. I knew then that this was the first overlord, the ancient god who stood alone and defiant. I approached the altar at his feet.

Upon the altar lay a sword and a set of black armour. This was what we had come for. The legendary armour and sword of the overlord. A feeling of anticipation hung in the air as I reached for the sword, and memories seemed to echo through the cavern as I touched it. Visions of war and victory danced in the shadows, and the sword seemed light as a feather in my hand. It knew its master.

Lilith helped me put on the armour, her slender hands fitting it easily. "Your power could be greater than mine when awakened," she whispered, "I am but a demon, but you could be a god." She kissed me then, her arms on my armoured shoulders, and a look in her eyes I could not place.

We returned to the great hall of the tower, where Anna was lounging nude on my throne. She smiled happily as she saw us approach, "Oh Master, your palace is wonderful!"

I smiled, "I have to go for a while, Slave. Lilith will take care of you while I'm gone." Anna looked a little worried, but would not question her master's orders. I left soon after, taking a horse from the stables that had been renewed by Lilith's magic.

I sought a group of bandits led by Ela, an amazon from distant, unknown lands who had once been the captain of the king's royal guard. She had been ejected under mysterious circumstances, taking her amazon sisters with her and many other members of the palace guard who were loyal to her. She swore vengeance on the kingdom, and they had become the most feared group of bandits in the land.

I rode deep into the forest where rumours told that they hid. The few people I saw fled at the sight of me and the day's light began to fade.

Suddenly I heard a shout in the gathering darkness, "Stop there!" Men emerged from the woods with crossbows raised, and I saw tall, dark amazons among them. I had found the bandits I sought.

I stepped down from the horse, my hands away from my sword. "I did not come here to fight. We have common enemies."

Someone stepped forward from the shadows, and I saw that it was Ela, the leader of these men. She was dark-skinned, tall and athletic, but not without feminine charm. "Have you come here to join us?" she asked.

"No. I have come here to lead you to victory against your enemies."

At this, Ela laughed and on cue her men laughed along with her. "You? You dress in a king's armour. You would be just as weak as the king, just as cowardly and fearful. Go back to where you came from while you're still alive."

"I challenge you then. I will fight you unarmoured if I must, but I will lead you before this day is done, or die trying."

She looked amused at this thought, assured in her formidable combat skils. "Very well, your majesty, come with us."

Not far from the ambush we came to their camp. Ela's men roughly tried to snatch away my armour, only to find it burned their hands when they touched it. It too knew its master. I set it aside and was given nothing but a leather loincloth to wear.

A roaring fire was lit as the dusk set in, casting flickering light across an area the bandits had cleared. They crowded in to watch as Ela returned, dressed as I was in a leather loincloth, her large breasts covered by a leather bra. She held a short sword aloft to meet my black blade.

At once the combat began. Her attacks were swift, but I parried with an expertise that seemed drawn from memories beyond this life. Knowing that one strike could be fatal, I fought defensively, hoping she would tire and leave an opening for me to strike back.

For many minutes we crossed blades, neither of us gaining the advantage. She grinned and panted, excited by the deadly combat. I saw her breasts swell against the tight leather and realised that combat aroused her immensely.

Momentarily distracted as I was, she pressed home her advantage, slashing the back of my hand. My sword dropped to the ground, leaving me defenceless at the tip of her blade. "Bind him." she said, and two of her amazons tied my hands tightly behind my back. She dropped her sword and stood over me, her hard nipples visible through her clothes.

"You fought well, little man, but not well enough. No man has ever defeated me. And now everyone will see what you are to me." So saying, she pulled aside her leather loincloth, revealing her dark-lipped pussy, glistening wet with her arousal. Her men jeered and cheered her on as she knelt over me, pressing her wet slit against my face and swaying her hips, grinding against me as I lay helpless. I felt my cock harden despite the indignity, pressing against the tight leather loincloth I wore.

She quickened her pace, her absolute dominance over me working her into a frenzy and I began to feel something, as though some strength flowed from her arousal into me, awakening some deeper power.

Despite myself, I opened my mouth and began to suck and lick at her sopping wet pussy, hearing her moan as I gave into her dominance. She still thrust against me as I buried my tongue in her pink insides, and as her orgasm built, the strength within me grew.

The bandits had grown quiet now, gazing fascinated at Ela's pleasure. She lifted the coverings from her breasts and stroked them as she ground her pussy against my tongue, everything forgotten but sensation.

She overflowed as she came, crying out loudly into the night air, and the power within me reached a crescendo along with it. Suddenly filled with strength, I tore the rope that bound my hands apart and snatched up my sword, raising it to her neck as she collapsed naked to the ground in exhaustion.

"Yield, Ela" I said, thinking the fight was over. Her men looked on in shock, some raising crossbows, but unwilling to risk the life of their leader. And then suddenly, Ela held her short sword again and struck my blade aside.

"Still some fight left in you, little man?" she smiled, already having humiliated me in front of her men, "Then try again, if you can."

This time though, things were different. She struck as before, fast and deadly, but her blows felt feather-light and were easily knocked aside. With one swipe I knocked the blade from her hand, leaving her on her knees at my mercy as I had been at hers. 

"Yield!" I shouted once more as her men raised their crossbows again, but she motioned them to stop.

"I am beaten. I am yours, and my men with me. You are the only man to have ever defeated me." She reached for my loincloth and pulled it aside, freeing my hard cock, slick with pre-cum. She bent and took it into her mouth, showing her submission. Her men lowered their crossbows and cheered for their new lord as she sucked me to completion, letting my cum spatter her face and tits, marking her as my own.

The following morning we returned to my tower, where Ela and her bandits dressed in black armour from the armouries and took up the jagged swords.

Anna and Lilith sat naked and collared at the foot of my throne as each new soldier approached me and swore allegiance to the Overlord. That night the great hall was loud with their songs and cheers as they feasted in celebration and Lilith danced naked for them, revelling in their lust.

As time drew on, I returned to my chamber to gaze out over the moonlit treetops, thinking of the battles to come. My army was small, but Ela had kept them well trained and disciplined. With them and the dark powers granted to me, we might stand a chance against the kingdom.

Behind me, the door opened and I turned expecting to see Anna, but instead seeing Ela, stark naked and closing the door behind her.

"No man has ever touched me," she said quietly. "I swore I would never belong to a weak man, but you the strongest I have ever seen."

She embraced me and I saw a fiery and fearful passion in her eyes. "Take me, lord. Make me yours." Then she kissed me, forcefully and pressed herself against me. I felt her breasts against me as she wrapped her legs around mine, ever the warrior, but I caught her wrists and pushed her back towards the bed.

She fought me then, with all her strength, struggling against my grip, wanting me to overpower her again. The power from our battle had diminished, but I felt it had not vanished, I was still a match for her, but I let her struggle with me and felt her wetness as she wrestled with me, just as I grew hard from her arousal.

Finally, I pinned her down and forced her legs apart with mine, leaving her spread wide and vulnerable. Her struggling diminished and she whimpered as my cock slowly slid inside her, and as I began to thrust she slowly stopped resisting, instead moaning loudly and writhing in my grasp. She was virginally tight, and I wondered if I was indeed the first man ever to touch her.

I slid my cock from her pussy and knelt over her as she had me, sliding my slick cock into her mouth. She didn't resist, instead sucking on my cock, swirling her tongue over it, letting me thrust into her mouth as she worked her fingers in her sodden pussy.

Finally, I lifted her to her knees and entered her from behind, thrusting hard into her tight slit as she cried out with pleasure and urgency. I held onto her firm, tight ass as I fucked her. "Please don't stop," she begged me and I thrust harder and deeper.

Finally she cried out long and loud, and I felt sure everyone in the tower must have heard her. I felt her pussy tighten and contract around my cock, and suddenly I was coming hard inside her, filling her tight pussy with cum, and crying out with her.

For what could have been hours we lay together in each other's arms, drowsy and satisfied. Tomorrow our campaign would begin.