 Everyone knows that the place to make it as a supervillain is Megatropolis. Every criminal, no matter how big or small, dreams of making it there. Every superpowered villain knows they won't be taken seriously in the criminal world till they spend at least some time in the large city. And it is because of this that Megatropolis is known as the crime capital of the world.

On the flip side the city is also the superheroine capital of world, with more active superheroines than any other city in America. Sure, there is a revolving door of younger heroines that only last a short time in the city (usually defeated and sold into white slavery), but there is a contingent of stubbornly successful heroines that call the city home and that make life for the criminal element there a constant struggle.

Doctor Akitomi knew all of this. He was, after all, one of the smartest men in the world. Of course, this was partially due to having an active Power Gene. He had no superhuman strength or flashy powers like flight or the ability to shoot fire from his hands. No, all Akitomi has was a superhuman intelligence.

For decades the scientist had managed to keep his superpowered status hidden from his employer, the IntelliTek Corporation. He toiled in their labs, helping create high tech devices that filled their coffers, many of them with military applications. He was a genius in nearly every field, able to work on any project the company needed help with. And it didn't go unnoticed that the man had a very strong and perverse sex drive, one that made it so he was a natural working on the Red Floor, the top secret anti-superheroine testing group.

But even his long history of successes and breakthroughs with the company wasn't enough to save his job when his bosses found out about his active P-Gene. The corporation has a deeply ingrained distrust of those with powers and he was soon forced from the company.

Akitomi looked at his firing as a blessing in disguise. There had been many projects that even the evil IntelliTek Corporation had not allowed him to work on, some considered even too perverse for the Red Floor. Now he was free to pursue any project that caught his whim. And thanks to the decades of military and criminal contacts he had made working at IntelliTek he would easily be able to find financing and buyers for any tech he created.

Normally a man such as himself would move his operation to a small island, one not registered on any map or perhaps part of a small independent country that could be easily bullied into allowing his work to proceed in the open. But Doctor Akitomi wasn't your average mad scientist, and he planned on doing the unexpected. He knew that the superheroines that Interpol employed frequently hunted down these island havens, ensuring none lasted for very long. Besides, he had loved America ever since he had moved to the country from his native Japan. He wouldn't leave his chosen home unless forced to. 

He knew right away that he would need to avoid Megatropolis. The superheroines there were too bothersome. And his tech, once complete, would be in high enough demand that buyers would come to him. Still, his work would require that he be located in or very near a large city.

The problem with this was that EVERY major city had its own collection of meddlesome superheroes. They had been an American institution since the end of the Second World War. Most large cities even had a fully formed, officially sanctioned super team. Akitomi knew he'd need to avoid cities with those, knowing they would be best organized and most likely to sniff out his operations quickly. And until he had things set up properly there was no way he could repel an attack from a well organized team of heroes.

With all of this in mind Doctor Akitomi was left with only one real choice: Destiny City. It was a growing metropolis, quickly on its way to being as large as Megatropolis. It had access to all the raw materials he would need as well as a power grid great enough for him to leach off of without drawing unwanted attention. And most importantly the city had no official super team at the moment. 

Sure, the city DID have heroines. But they were all young and inexperienced and most had only recently graduated from The Academy (the superhero university). What's more, there wasn't much superpowered crime in the city, meaning the few heroines there would have little to no experience in dealing with a supervillain of Akitomi's caliber.

Two months after being fired from IntelliTek Doctor Akitomi had a functioning hidden base bellow Destiny City. Basic heroine defenses had been erected and he had finished a few projects that were earning him money and a growing reputation. He then had the time and recourses to start working on some of the projects that IntelliTek had forbidden him to research.

He thought everything was going accordingly to his plans, but little did he know that one of his buyers had recently been captured by a superheroine. During his interrogation he had spilled enough information to reveal Doctor Akitomi's location. This information had been shared with Destiny City's police force, which had passed it on to one of the city's superheroines thinking the newly established supervillain would be easily taken care of.

They had no idea how wrong they were...

