 I am Lord Alok, once a respected member of the king's court until I was betrayed and outcast by the king's daughter; a spiteful, spoiled princess. I was left outside the city walls, alone save for my devoted slave, Anna.

Anna was young, perhaps 19, though I could not say I know her age for sure. She was small and slender with long, black hair, a perfect body and an insatiable lust. Few people knew that she had once been a nobleman's daughter, cast out of her family for her wanton ways. She was the only ally I had left, completely devoted and willing to do anything for her master.

Anna shifted uncomfortably in her travelling clothes, unused to wearing more than the collar and thong she wore in my household.

"What will we do, Master?" she asked, a worried, pleading look in her eyes. I held up my hand to stroke her face reassuringly,

"Worry not, my slave. We will have our vengeance on these people, and I will take what is mine at last." We set off together to a place spoken of in the legends of my family history, a place where I would claim my birthright.

We arrived at the tower at last. It had been many centuries since my ancestor ruled this land from this seat of power. His name spoken in whispers; the greatest, most powerful leader this land had ever known, and at last it was time for his throne to be retaken; for me to take my rightful place as overlord.

The heavy iron doors creaked and groaned as they opened to what was once a great hall. Dust now covered everything; nobody dared set foot here, fearing stories of demons and ghosts. How little they knew. Anna clutched at my arm, fearful but faithfully following her master. The overlord's throne was imposing, even covered in dust and cobwebs as it was, but what we sought was not here, but below.

Anna shrank closer to me as we descended into the darkness, and there at last I found what I sought, the chamber of the summoning. The marble floor engraved with thousands of magical symbols, surround a circle. Legends told that this was the place where my ancestor had summoned a demon, awakening the powers of this place.

A dim red light lit the chamber, Anna clinging to my back, it was time for her to play her part. I puller her from my back, embracing her comfortingly.

I kissed her tenderly and whispered in her ear "It is time to serve your master, Slave."

Even here she could not deny her insatiable nature and she pressed herself close to me, her nipples hardening against my chest as I stroked my hand between her legs. The light began to brighten, the power of this place responding to her arousal. She swayed sensuously, thrusting her hips against my hand, forgetting her surroundings as she let lust consume her.

Anna stepped back from me, dutifully undressing herself, stripping herself down to her black leather thong, revealing her pert breasts and tiny pink nipples.

"On your knees, Slave." I commanded.

"Yes, Master." she replied, dropping to her knees and raising her hands to remove my belt and free my cock.

She began to tease my cock with her tongue, savouring every moment, oblivious to her surroundings as the red light grew stronger and the symbols on the floor began to glow. Anna smiled as she opened her mouth to swallow my cock, expertly sliding her tongue over it and loving every moment.

I let Anna suck me for a time, knowing she loves a hard cock in her mouth, then turned her around, lifting up her thong-clad ass, smooth and firm. I ran my hands over it and then slid her tiny thong off her, revealing her sodden pussy, kept meticulously smooth at my command.

"Master...please..." she whimpered, arching her back as I began to enter her from behind, stretching open her tight, pink pussy.

Anna purred with delight as I fucked her and a form began to take shape in the circle, a red outline, the demon beginning to take shape.

Anna moaned with pleasure, pressing herself back against me, forcing me deeper into her sopping wet slit, "Please fuck me Master!"

Her pussy began to contract around my cock, her orgasm nearing, the symbols of the floor gleaming with red light, but the summoning ritual required something more...pure lust, for nothing more than pleasure.

She whimpered as I withdrew my cock from her pussy, wanting it back inside her, but gasped as I brought it to her tiny pink asshole, "Oh yes Master, please fuck my ass."

My manhood was slick with her juices, and she was well trained in serving her master this way. Her tight asshole parted for me and she slid two fingers into her pussy as I began to fuck her ass from behind, thrusting hard before long as she squealed with delight, myself now oblivious of anything other than fucking my devoted slave in her gloriously tight ass.

Anna was completely lost in pleasure, fingering herself wantonly and thrusting herself back onto my cock as I fucked her ass hard. I could not wait any longer, and the ritual had to be completed. With a few more hard thrusts, I began to cum, spilling jet after jet of my hot seed into her asshole, feeling her tighten as she came with me, her juices spilling onto her thighs as she screamed in orgasm.

When the misty pleasure of orgasm faded, I noticed her. The demon, the succubus, stood before me as Anna lay drowsily on the floor. The succubus was nude with red skin and large, firm breasts, a coquettish smile on her face.

"That was impressive." she said, "Nobody has awakened me in hundreds of years. Perhaps you are the one who will take back the power of this place? Perhaps you will sustain me with the lust I require?"

I open my mouth to speak, but she interrupts, "You should know by now, my love, that power isn't given freely. You have to take it."