 Months passed, and my army grew. We became protectors in these savage frontiers at the edges of the kingdom, fighting the bandits and monsters that held sway over the scattered towns and villages.

One by one, they pledged themselves to the kingdom of the Overlord and their young men came to the tower to be trained and take up the black blade.

Rumours abounded throughout the land that the Overlord had returned from the grave, leading an invincible army, and day by day more and more men arrived, seeking to join us.

In the days that passed, Anna and Lilith were often in my bed, Anna serving her master however he pleased, and Lilith glorifying in lust, both of them craving my cum inside them.

Just as she had the first night she came to the tower, Ela would slip quietly into my bedchamber when she returned to the tower and test her strength against mine, just as she had before, trying ever harder to defeat me, but each time she was overpowered, and each time she would submit, begging me to take her.

My black banner spread through the kingdom, and at last the day of reckoning drew close. The royal castle lay within our reach, and our armies at full strength. We drew plans to march at dawn.

On the night before we departed, I stood once again at the window of the tower, thinking back on the path that had led me here. A pair of hands ran over my back, and locks of fiery red hair fell over my shoulders.

"Soon it will be over, my lord. You will be king, and the Overlord's age will begin again."

She kissed me then, and her fiery red eyes looked into mine. "I have been your servant since the beginning, do you know that? Your soul walked with mine when the stars were young, always the beast fighting against those who would control it."

She gazed out over the moonlit treetops, "You have risen and fallen one thousand times. Order follows chaos, just as chaos follows order. You are fated to fall one day," She looked into my eyes again "but every time you will return, and I will follow you again."

She put her arms around me and kissed me once more, "Please take me once more, my Overlord...my master for all time."

A wave of heat washed over me, laced with her aphrodisiac scent, and I felt her bare flesh pressed against mine. Her hands caress me, ever skilful and her lips meet mine as she presses herself close, her full breasts pressed against my chest.

I lift her onto the window sill, parting her legs, revealing her core, pink and wet. I drop to my knees to taste her, running my tongue up her slit, tasting her sweetness. She moans and writhes as I tongue her, gasping as I tease her clit. "I want you inside me, master" she pleads.

I stand, parting her legs once more, and my cock slides inside her in one movement. Her pussy is tight, wet and perfect, pulling me deeper inside. Her eyes meet mine once more, and I know that there is more than lust behind them, a look of vulnerability she never had before.

Our lips meet again and again and she cries out as I quicken my thrusts, her voice echoing out into the night. "I am yours, master, please fuck me!" she cries.

I slide my cock from her pussy and press it against her tiny ass, eliciting another moan. "Oh yes master, please take my ass!"

Her ass parts easily, made to be fucked, her body made to satisfy. Her juices trickling from her parted pussy lips as I thrust into her ass hard. She closes her eyes and squeals in pleasure, raising a hand to stroke her pussy as she shakes in orgasm and bringing it to her lips to taste her own juices. "I want your cum inside me, master!"

And then I am cumming, as I never could with a mortal girl, my orgasm seeming to stretch out forever as I fill her ass with cum and she screams along with me for long moments, writhing in my arms until she is finally still, her asshole filled with my cum. 

I led her to the bed, laying her down to curl drowsily into the sheets. I took one last look out over the trees, the land that was now my kingdom, and settled into bed beside her.

The dawn came at last, and I rode to meet destiny at the head of an army, flanked by Ela and Lilith, ordering the troops into formation. We arrived at the castle as the sun began to set and found the king's army waiting to meet us.

As the sun fell below the horizon, parties of soldiers emerged from the darkness, their arms raised in surrender, many of them pleading to join us and fight by the side of Ela, their old captain. They brought with them stories of the defending army's fear and discontent. As the darkness fell, I ordered the charge and led my men into battle at last.

The battle is a blur. Many soldiers fell by my hand that night, and stories speak of slain soldiers rising from the dead to fight by my side, and of Lilith standing taller than the castle walls, fire spilling from her hands. The battle raged throughout the night and only fell silent as the sun rose.

The field was strewn with the dead. Despite everything, the defenders had fought with all the strength they had left. The king had fallen to Ela's sword, and I took the crown from her bloodstained hands. She looked serene, as though she had finally laid her troubles to rest.

There was but one loose end. The princess, Rose.

They brought her to me as I sat on her father's throne, the princess who had made an outcast of me. Her blue eyes were wet with tears as she knelt before me. Lilith sat in the queen's throne, looking on with amusement.

"And now our places are reversed at last. I am the king and you are the lesser."

Her long golden hair fell over her shoulders as she bowed her head, "I had no choice, Alok. A princess caught with a lesser noble...I had to say you forced me. I never dreamed it would lead to this."

"You know that is not true. You could have vouched for me. The truth is you were ashamed to admit that you would submit to me, that you wanted what I did with you."

Her clear blue eyes met mine, "I have wronged you, I know, but I never forgot you. I will be your queen if you wish it. I will be yours forever."

"Yes, you will be mine forever, but not as a queen. You will be a slave at my feet for all to see what becomes of those who wrong me."

She bowed her head again, and almost whispered, "As you wish, my lord."

"And now I think it is time you were reminded of your place." I said, and motioned Lilith that she could have her fun.

Lilith lifted Rose to her feet. She struggled a little, but did not protest as Lilith ran her hands over her, caressing her small but firm breasts, finding her tender places, and eliciting her to moan softly despite herself, unable to resist the touch of the succubus.

"Oh what fun you will be, darling." Lilith cooed, "Tell me who your master is."

But the princess Rose remained silent.

"No? Well, let me show you." said Lilith, "Let's get those clothes out of the way..." and Rose's clothes seemed to dissolve under Lilith's touch as she stroked her, uncovering every inch of flesh. Rose blushed deeply as she realised she was completely naked before me.

Lilith ran her hand between the princess's legs and smiled to me, "She's ready for you, master. Why don't you show her how to serve her master?"

"Come here, slave." I command Rose. She does not reply, but slowly she obeys and comes before me, her eyes downcast and her cheeks still flushed.

I stand and raise her chin to look at me. There is fear in her eyes, but a deep burning lust too. I press my lips to hers and she melts in my arms, kissing me back with lustful ferocity and pressing herself close. I break off before she is finished, and push her back against the throne. She looks surprised at my forcefulness, but doesn't resist when I raise her legs over the throne's arms, leaving her legs wide open, her pussy exposed to us.

She speaks at last, "Please Master..." and I know she is remembering her place, but I will not satisfy her yet. Instead I embrace Lilith and let he kiss me deeply, her hands running over my body, my clothes fading away just as Rose's had.

"Lilith, you will be my queen and rule by my side. And Rose will be a slave, naked at our feet." Lilith smiles and whispers, "I know. It has been before."

And then Lilith mounted me, as she had when we first met, impaling herself on my hard cock as the shamed princess looked on. Unable to contain herself, I saw Rose bring a hand to her sodden pussy, submitting herself to shameless lust. Lilith looks perfectly satisfied to see the princess give in, and lifts herself off me.

"Now it is time for her to serve you."

Lilith leads me to the throne, where Rose is splayed. "Let her clean her master's cock." she says, and pulls me to straddle Rose's face. Rose almost looks about to protest, but instead she opens her mouth and lets me slide my cock inside, her tongue licking Lilith's pussy juices from it.

"Now fuck her mouth, lord, show her that she is here to serve you." I oblige, thrusting into Rose's mouth as Lilith looks on, softly at first and harder as she grows used to it.

Lilith perches on the queen's throne and lifts a leg high as she masturbates watching us. "Yes, she is a good slave sucking my juices from your cock. Now fuck her, master, give her what she wants."

At last I withdraw from her mouth and run my hands over he legs. Her pussy is visibly wet. "Who is your master, Slave, say it!" I demand.

"You are, Master! Please fuck me!" Rose responds, and she screams as I plunge my cock inside her, taking what is mine. Lilith moans along with Rose, two fingers buried in her perfect slit as she watches us.

After some time thrusting in her I withdraw and drag her from the throne, bending her over its side and bringing my hand down hard to slap her tight little ass.

"Do you remember what we were doing when they caught us?" I ask, rubbing a finger over her tiny asshole.

"Oh, Master, you were fucking my ass." she replies, gasping as two fingers slide inside.

"Tell me you want it, Slave." I command.

"Oh, Master, I want your cock in my ass again so badly. Please fuck my ass, Master!"

I press my cock into her tiny ass as she cries out. "Oh Master, make me yours!" I look over to see Lilith is fingering her own ass as she watches the princess being broken in.

I spank Rose's ass hard as I fuck her, turning it a bright shade of pink, her cries echoing through the hall as she comes again and again.

As her moans fade to whimpers, I withdraw and command her to clean me once again. This time she makes no protest and falls to her knees before me, her head bobbing as she sucks me to orgasm.

I withdraw from her mouth as I come, covering her pretty face with cum, marking her as my own.

I let her lie naked on the floor before my throne, knowing I now have two willing slaves, Lilith as my queen and Ela as my general.

The age of the overlord had begun once more, for as long as fate would warrant. And I wouldn't have it any other way.