 The next day after devotion and my morning ablution, I did all left over work, completed updates on my clientele list and also finished my pet project, a multi-expert system. Nothing AI but perfect. From fire wall security to purchase management, straight through navigation system (comprising of those from ships, planes, submarines and vehicles so long as a radar and sensor system was in place there would be 0.003% in accidents through its use. Well save hard ware fault).

Speaking of hardware, some of my big American friends helped me come across Nano-technology. I tweaked mine to feast on some scrap materials, gave them a blue print and structure of a touch screen device and the outcome from 25ml of Nano-fluid was a 7' device with a monster battery life. This I kept to my-self. Reverse engineering was impossible meaning once in the market it was a ghost product but the company would be in hot investigative soup.

I bought robots from Asian black market, and had reverse engineered then with my nanites. So Ruperta, as I called my multi-expert system now had a 1ft hard ware bot body. So once I installed her I installed 7 full dictionaries. 3 for human languages, 2 on computer and medicine and 4 in programming languages.

It was 2 pm when I heard my bell.

'Hello sir, your order.' Ken said with a smile. I was confused but when I saw the receipt I knew who. 'Thanks Ken.'

"RUPERTA! Start talking!" I shouted out.

Hovering in "I went through your surveillance archives from 3months ago and sequences show you should have eaten 2 hours ago." Now that was not in the programing save loyalty and security to me and self-development. "Sir your choices in programing me has made me develop even faster than some high profile systems." With that I knew that she was highly evolving. I checked her for updates and saw over 8016 lines of finished upgrade while around 22,354 pending.

She showed me the cure to cancer but I pointed out it would also kill the person. We then searched for centers for disease control and before I could suggest it she downloaded them. "Ru I don't have such archive space." I asked.

"Sir I'm a digital creature. I've updated all your memory cards, hard drives and servers to be less bulky but of higher capacity. Let's say 110 Exabyte's."

Firstly, her numbers were conflicting with computer data structure. Secondly, studying me gave her a sense of humanity. Thirdly, it defied logic, but how I was on processing speed with her baffled me.

"Ru, work on gathering satellite design and structure. Also survey obscure and unused ones we should have at least two for you. Also work on my spaceship program." I told her.

"Found 267 unused ones with a lot of files to look into. There are thousands of wastes for the nanites to feast from and also clean the orbit space. They can serve for the space ship materials while we clean up. Just as you did with the scrap to tractors." Ru replied.

I then checked Albion and invested an hour in tutorials before going to sleep. 29 hours to the teleportation. Whatever it meant.

Sleep was fitful, a nagging feeling to be ready. But for what? I could not tell. So waking up I decided to visit my miniature gym. Stretching, then pushups, punching bag then to weightlifting. 'Hmm 320, something was truly wrong.' I then visited my tread mill, my head running on thoughts that Ru slowed it down for me.

When I looked up, she pointed to the 60' Nano-touchscreen monitor. What I saw and the time was conflicting. "You seemed not to know this, but are you human Sir?" Ruperta asked.

"I was born human... Albion!" I said in shock. "Ru, I want you to focus on the projects. You are now my personal assistant, whenever you can't get me and someone call, tell them I'm on a business trip and will contact them immediately on my return. I will investigate what is happening to me, I have an idea but I just need evidence."

Being a Friday, and the Albion count down will terminate by 3am on Saturday so I asked Ru to wake me by 2am if I was still asleep. We focused on fabricating life support in submarines, interior of luxurious ships as well as military ship weapon systems. Energy weapons as well as projectiles customized from assault rifles.

Engine and energy was another thing. I was totally against fuels so we worked on improving on the battery system Ru's body-bot operated on. Increasing the size made room for more energy as expected but adding more ions on the battery cells structure increased output by 18 points per dry cell battery and 29 points on liquid cells.

Condensing the cells gave us 23.75 points of added energy cell capacity so once charged we will have more power in a 3ft high and 20' width power core batteries than a 20 meter gas turbine but with no pollution from my cores.

We would have a bridge, 4 decks, a secondary hanger bay for the drones and the primary hanger for two gun ships and as a loading deck.

Ru believed it could be done without global knowledge and it would take her a month to fabricate all that we needed. "Ruperta, also work on some drones, we may need them. Use air fighter games to simulate and support their programming."

It was past 9pm when I finished dinner. Ru plugged herself to a wall socket and went into hibernation. 

As I slept I saw myself in the midst of holographic figures, all of them indicating elements and aspects of magic. They all wanted me to pick one or few of them but even they had weaknesses, save one. It looked as if it was a DNA helix with various aspects available. I willed it to me and clicked on accept. My aura was now brighter but I loved the under estimation I pushed people to believe about me. 

That was my first spell. 'Update: you have control over how your aura is seen. This is a protective spell long seen as cowardly. But the strongest are those who control how they are seen. Your induction is almost complete. Health: 120/120. Aura: 0/80. Strength: 100/100. Nimble: 60/60. Charisma: 33/33. Command: 12/12. Once you begin to get essence you can improve on them. Login: connection will be established in 00:59. To see your improvement call dashboard in your mind. Your destiny is in your hand. Bonus: 2 essence crystals await you on arrival as well as your purchased gear at the inn.'

Just then my alarm rang for 2am. I woke up feeling vitalized from just few hours' sleep. I helped Ru launch the 20 liter of nanites in the already designed anti-gravity box and we watched it ascend building speed as I observed on my tablet. No smoke, no noise. After 13 minutes it engaged with the first satellite. Soon my network connection was faster by *3.

"Sir it will take 4 hours to upgrade it but we have complete control as well as vital information on the failed laser project. They transferred it to a private firm; Dr. Halmer was stopped before the break-through they achieved so as to keep the news from spreading. She was paid $23,000,000 to forgo her third Nobel." Ru said enlightening me of the international games.

Instead of this countries developing plenary defenses in case of extra-terrestrial invasion, all they cared for was nuclear this, nuclear that. They were like kids playing with military grade weapons as toys. The outcome would be gory. I went back to relax. Waiting for my count down.

0:24, you know when anticipating a goal or when the goal would be against your team. Well I felt both, don't ask, I still can't explain it. 0:11, on my screen. 'Notice: please, inter-world teleportation should be done in a safe and secure place.' Jokes apart, everything went blurry, and then there was no sound, then all white.

The thunder from the window drew my attention. I was cloth less but just noticed my 8 pack abs, I walked to my window. This wasn't my forest reserve home view, I was in Albion! I turned and saw the chest. My mind map showed I was somewhere else.