 Conquest waited less than a nanosecond before he had me flipped over on my stomach with my ass in the air and was driving home inside my pussy. My body was squished into the kitchen table. My eyes were only for War, who it seemed as if it were possible had put a harder look on his face than the one he'd given me earlier. 

I smiled and challenged War with just my eyes as Conquest filled me. Then I closed my eyes and feed on his power. Conquest gave it to me and his power was mine for the taking. So I took and took until he finished, hard, fast, and deep inside me, grunting my name like a lucky high school nerd.

We both screamed, but if I compared the sex to Famine, it wasn't nearly as fulfilling. I was somewhat disappointed by that. Apparently, so was Conquest. He tried to start again, but War was having none of that. 

"You fucked her. Now get out!" War roared.

Conquest grumbled something under his breath, grabbed his clothes and disappeared. 

I was alone with the most violent and the darkest demon I'd ever know. I'd just pissed him off too for the fun it. At the moment, it wasn't nearly as fun as I thought it would be. 

Seems to me, someone would have stuck around to protect me from War and his wrath. Then again, supposedly I could handle him myself with my fancy new powers. How, was still a question I had yet to figure out. I tried not to let my ignorance show on my face. I'm pretty sure I failed as I stared at War's granite face.

Before I could comment War had lifted me off the table and shoved my robe at me. 

"Get dressed." He snapped. He stormed off toward the living room. I assumed I was meant to follow. I put my robe on over my recently used body, sighed, and followed him. He was pacing a hole in my carpet, literally, when I got there.

"You want to stop the Apocalypse?" he asked.

Not really where I thought the conversation was going, but okay. "I guess so."

"That's why you're doing this?"

"Doing what? I swear, I have no idea what I'm doing. Really." I crossed my arms under my breasts. I was getting pissy. I know, after so much good sex, and one bad fuck I should be feeling much better than I felt. Sorry but Conquest just didn't get the job done. 

"I truly believe that about you, Nessa. Yet, you flipped three of the most powerful demons to your side in less than an hour with nothing more than what you carry between your legs."

"Hey!" I'm pretty sure there was an insult in that statement. 

War raised his eyebrows, breaking the blank look he'd had on his face since I entered the room. I sank down on the couch and put my head between my hands. I was suddenly very hungry and unfocused. I wondered if there were any leftovers from breakfast.

"Stop that please," he said. He sank down next to me on the couch.

"Stop what?" I asked.

"Wanting," he whispered. 

"What are you talking about?" I really am this clueless.

"Morty made you breakfast. I have no idea how to cook human food." He sounded frustrated by the thought.

"So, what, you're like, feeling my hunger?" I tried to think about what I'd been thinking about to make him feel it too, but my mind was too unfocused and it kept running down the bad sex and what I could have done different. Bacon is pretty good food.

"Yes," his face was unflinching as I met his eyes. Whoa, what?

I felt sort of giggly for a second, "Neat. If I told you to go fetch me a plate, you would, wouldn't you?" I asked.

"Yes," he said. Brick wall, I was staring at a brick wall.

"But I haven't fucked you yet." I was amazed at how powerful I seemed to be, or felt for that matter. It was completely new territory. Three hundred years of being the ruler of Hell's daughter had taught me nothing more than to be afraid, especially of powerful, world-altering demons like War.

"I don't think that matters. You said yet, does that mean you were considering, uh, having, sex with me too?"

"Might as well, I like round numbers." This got me an eyebrow raise. "What?"

"You should take this seriously, Princess." He said, his voice solemn.

"Oh you're calling me Princess now?" I was having trouble keeping up with the continuously shifting conversation. The eggs were really good too. Why had I stopped eating in the first place?

"Is it that you feel the same way about me that you felt about Conquest? That you must beat me, no matter what you want? Or do you really not want to fuck me? Is that because, well, how I look?" Please don't pout, please don't pout, fuck, he pouted.

I sighed. "I'm sorry, but I said yes, didn't I?" Maybe he was right and that's why fucking Conquest had sucked in a non-good way.

"No, you didn't," his eyes stopped meeting mine. In fact they were looking anywhere but at me. "You said you might as well because you like round numbers."

"Oh, I just meant," I put my hand on his arm. "I don't know what I mean. Besides I'd need to fuck like way more guys to get up to ten today. Well five more guys. Wow, that sounded a lot sluttier than I meant it." 

"Are you shooting for a personal record of some sort?" War asked. His voice was completely serious which made me question my recent sexual history. 

"No," I gasped. I realized a moment too late that maybe War was messing with me. Figures, you just can't trust a demon. "It just so happens you and your brothers showed up. Invaded my apartment. With an army of minions." I smirked. 

"You called us here." War said, he'd gone from serious to playful back to serious so quickly that the playful seemed like an illusion.

"Well I didn't mean to do it. Hell, I don't even remember what I did."

"It's like the hunger, Princess. I feel your needs, your desires. I suppose it is because I'm still very close to you physically. And as you pointed out, I haven't fucked you."

"Yet," I said.

War frowned at me. Yeah, emotion. "Yet," he said, but he really didn't sound happy about it. "I think that once we do, that will change. I'll be like my brothers."

"What did I do to your brothers?" I asked.

"I think they have to do your bidding. For me, it is still a choice. Although, with you aquiring Conquest's 'mojo', maybe not. It's like you're collecting our powers. Changing them somehow."

"Really? And here I thought I was just spreading my legs." I snapped at him. Why did I feel like the bad guy all of a sudden? Couldn't we just fuck for the sake of fucking? No strings attached. 

"That's not what I meant." His voice was so apologetic, I continued to feel bad.

"It's what you said. Basically, you're calling me a whore." I was suddenly very angry and I could feel that anger pulsing through the red highlights in my hair. Yeah, I'd collected a lot of new powers.

"That wasn't my intention. Why do you have to be so beautiful? Especially when I'm this?" His eyes looked sad for just a flash of a second, then the blank brick wall was back on his face in full force.

"I don't think you're ugly," I said softly. I let my fingers stroke his arm. I traced the stone and flesh, crossing over cloth and let my hand rest against his cheek. His eyes hardened at my hands ascent. 

"Princess, please don't look at me like that," he said.

"Like what?" I whispered.

"As if you see me as handsome." He broke eye contact with me, looking at his hands in his lap.

I wasn't sure that was the way I was looking at him. Maybe, there was some fascination. Or even a curiosity of sorts. No, War was not handsome. He was rough, intimidating, beaten. I only realized it as I stared at him, he was very much broken. 

"You don't have to do this," he sighed.

"Shut up, I'm going for my round numbers." I leaned forward and before he could protest again, I kissed the deadliest demon of the all. I kissed War, on his scarred lips, while caressing his damaged cheek with my hand. The texture so violently rough, that his skin scraped my own.

His lips were tight and unyielding, but I licked along the seal of his lips, begging with my tongue for him to open to me. After a moment of complete resistance on his part, I stopped.

"What's wrong now?" I asked.

"Not like this," he said in a voice much softer than I'd ever imagined he could use.

"Is that a no? You don't want to fuck me?" I made it a question. It's not like I thought so much of myself and was asking because I thought no man could resist me. I asked because I really wanted to know. Rejection, even from him, was a bitter pill to swallow.

"I'm going to fuck you. That's just it, I'm going to fuck you. Not kiss you. Not make love to you, but fuck you." His face was blank as he said it. 

At his words I creamed and rubbed my thighs together to contain the instant arousal that burned through my insides. Yeah for me!

I'd always thought Fire was a speedy demon, but War moved so fast I wasn't sure which way was up. I was instantly standing, then I was dizzy as we moved in blurring speed toward the end of the couch. My breath rushed out in a gasp of confusion and pleasure.

I couldn't protest. I didn't want to as I was flipped forward, the front of my body suspended over the arm of the sofa. He pushed up the cloth of my robe and exposed my ass to him. He grabbed my wrists with one of his hands, then I was pinned against the couch in a way that I couldn't move and all of it, the speed, the suddenness, made me writhe beneath him.

I forgot myself, I forgot everything, my morning, and the thought of any other man be it angel or demon was gone from my mind. I moaned as he rubbed the rough fabric of his tunic against my bare ass, the hard flesh beneath spiked a high sensation of power across my skin. 

There was nothing but War filling my head, then my body. As he moved inside me, I felt a war started between my legs. I wanted, needed, desired and fought. I had no enemies for my battle and so it raged inside me. I bounced back and forth between the calm and the storm.

I moaned as he plunged into me again. His hips thrust against me lifting and stretching my body as he went deeper with each stroke. I could feel him, forcing his way inside, clinging to the walls of my pussy, and my mouth opened to scream. I couldn't scream, because a wave of intense pressure torn the words from my lips as his rhythm increased. He pulsed inside me, plummeting my body into a well of euphoria.

His flesh was hard, hot, and very insistent as he thrust into me over and over. My mind burned and twisted. Each stroke inside me pushed me higher, or over the edge of some cliff. I was consumed by War and the power of his presence filled the room and me. 

A pressure built inside me, burning and stroking and powerful. His hand twisted my hair and yanked my head to his face for an all consuming and thoughtless kiss. 

Too soon we were united, and I felt all that there ever was of the Apocalypse. He was the lynch pin pounding it into me with his cock. I was the world being destroyed by our fucking.

I ached with need and hunger, but food would never satisfy me. Not like being taken by War. He took me, there on the couch that was a part of the home this human body I possessed had known and earned with that body. 

This wasn't sex, or fucking, I was engulfed by War and it didn't matter because nothing else mattered. Every part of me screamed for him. He cried out and his voice vibrated along my spine and pulsed inside my body until I felt as if I'd never known another man's touch.

One of his hands held my wrists and pressed them into the middle of my back which kept me immobile as our bodies rocked in a greedy rhythm that was all consuming and so much more than what he said it would be, he destroyed me. 

Then came the power that I was so unfamiliar with, but was starting to learn and know as well as my soul. It didn't flare up softly, there was nothing subtle about it. I was in a fight for my life that began through our connected body parts and I came.

"Princess," that one word told me I owned him. He was mine to control, just like his brothers. I shuddered and melted and sank into the power I ate and drank down that was War. I knew I'd never felt so completely full of another person. I didn't hunger, I didn't fight, for the first time all day, yet again, I was sated.