 This is my first attempt at erotic writing. I hope you enjoy!

*****

A woman's heartbreaking, piercing scream came from the modest cottage and turned into a sob. Inside, her husband wiped her ashen face which grew even paler before his eyes. The woman lay on a bloody bed with the healer's kit of blades, claws and other instruments spread on an oiled cloth next to her. For the first time in hours the room was quiet. Marissa, the only healer near the village, wiped her hands on her apron and shook her head sadly.

"Can you save the child?"

"For a price."

"Anything. I'll pay anything" he said through tears. 

---------

19 Years later

Yonotan was splitting wood beside his father's general store. "Rupert's Assorted Goods and Sundries" was painted on a hanging sign. Yonotan kept a steady pace, the meaty thunk and gratifying splintering of the wood filling the morning air. He was wearing only boots and linen trousers, his massive muscles covered in sweat and coursing with power. The women in the village longed for him, even if some said hurtful words about the brawny youth being a bit slow. He was a virgin and his widower father wondered what sort of a match he could find the boy. There had been a farmer's daughter that the boy wanted to court, but she had inexplicably been struck by a skin-blighting pox.

Marissa approached and stood behind the boy watching him silently. She wore simple grey robes, her raven black hair falling to just above her round, firm buttocks. Her face was covered in makeup that made it impossibly white and smooth, like porcelain. In the two decades she lived near the village she had helped many. Rumors swirled about her being a witch, after all, her body was incredibly fit, hadn't seemed to have aged at all, though her age was impossible to discern because of the masque of cream on her face. Folks had claimed to have seen strange lights and heard stranger noises near her cottage at the forest's edge. But she was a skilled healer, and only took whatever payment was offered, even a bag of pecans for delivering Cooper's daughter.

Rupert saw her through a window and hurried out. "Yonny! Yonny! Give that a rest. Madam," he said bowing. The boy turned and looked at the beautiful healer, breathing through his mouth.

"Good day, Rupert, I have need to place a large order and have Yonaton deliver to my cottage this evening." She produced a small scroll and handed it to Rupert. 

"Right this way, come in come in, let's see what we have here, three bushels of beans, one bushel of millet. . ." and muttering they went inside. 

---------

Back at her cottage on the edge of the Gnarled Wood, Marissa had made the final preparations. Candles glowed and sweet, musky incense burned—Korpothian incense used to dull the senses and numb a man's mind. Marrisa stood naked before a mirror, surveying her delicious body. Raven hair fell to her perfectly round and firm ass. Supple, toned legs, large breasts, with petite, slightly upturned nipples. Her sex was perfectly bald, soft and gorgeous. 

But her face was pock-marked and wrinkled to a horrific extent. Her bright green eyes were prisoners of a nightmare vision. She sighed. One last preparation, as she began applying the cream that would make her beautiful. 

She stood in the door as she watched Yonotan approach. The mule was still nursing a split hoof so Yonotan pulled the cart in place of the beast. His powerful hands gripped the arms of the loaded cart. The pectoral muscles of his bare chest flexed and spread with the strain, sweat covering his torso. Marissa eyes gleamed with a predatory light. 

"You poor thing," she said, "let me get you something refreshing to drink before you unload my goods."

"Thank you, Miss Marissa."

Inside, the witch poured some water from a stout keg and stealthy dropped a pinch of pink powder into it. Yonotan quickly drained it and she offered him another. The incense seemed to make him a little sleepy and he found himself getting aroused as Marissa watched him closely. He stared at her. She was beautiful, the long v-cut of her robe showing round firm breasts and smooth skin. He shook his head to clear it. She giggled softly and stepped forward running a finger along his chest.

"Such a strong, powerful man you've become since I vexed the Three Sisters to bring you into the world." Yonotan smiled and stood woozily on his feet enjoying her touch. She traced her finger along his abdomen, pecs and traced circles on his massive deltoids. She raised up on her toes slightly and kissed him on the mouth. He clumsily tried kissing back, his first kiss ever. She sucked his tongue and gently bit his lips before taking his hand and leading him to her bedroom.

The massive bed was covered in soft furs and more incense burned on either side. Someone else might have noticed the bed stood in the middle of a circle of runic letters written on the floor. But Yonotan just let himself be led until he stood before the bed. The incense and poisoned drink had made him completely pliable. Chimes dangled near the bed and she gave them a single soft stroke. Yonaton felt the tones more than heard them, something inside him responding to the chord and relaxing him even further. She kissed him again and then kissed down his chest until she was on her knees confronting the bulge in his trousers. She tugged and his massive cock sprung out. It was as long as a rolling pin and just as thick. 

"Oh my. . . ." she cooed before lovingly kissing the head. She traced her tongue along the shaft while looking up at him with her striking green eyes. The brawny lad's eyes were wide and he appeared dizzy. She stood and easily pushed him onto the bed, then removed his boots and trousers. 

She let her robe fall from her and Yonotan's mouth dropped open. 

"Lay back, my love." He did as instructed. Smiling at him she dipped her finger in a small vial beside the bed and wrote a rune above his heart in red. She closed her eyes, centered herself and said the incantation to start the ritual of three vessels.

The spell didn't specify the order of the vessels, but there were some logistics to consider. Looking at his pillar of a cock, she made her decision and bent down to kiss him. She moved to kissing and sucking his nipples. He moaned. Kissing her way farther south she gently sucked one of his massive testicles into her pretty mouth.

"Miss Marissa. . . " Yonaton moaned. Her mouth was hot and he gasped. The softness of her tongue on his balls and the heat of her pretty mouth were beyond description for him. She giggled and took his shaft into her mouth, never losing eye contact with the brawny stud. She loved the taste of his cock and the intensity of his musky scent. Bobbing her head, she slobbered on his cock, taking it until she gagged and choked, then slowly slithering her mouth back up the shaft, leaving a trail of spit. She stroked his cock with one hand and with the other she gently raked her fingernails across his balls. She felt his balls begin to tighten and she pumped his shaft faster, preparing herself; it was crucial that she not lose a drop. 

"Miss Marissa. . . . " he groaned loudly and twisted the bedding with his hands, his brow was furrowed with intensity and his jaw clenched. 

"Mmm mmm" she encouraged.

He erupted a geyser of cum into her hot mouth. It was as thick and as sweet as cake batter. She kept pumping the shaft and furiously swallowing as more ropes of cum spewed from his cock into her mouth. She desperately gulped and swallowed, her eyes growing large with fear at the thought of losing one drop as he continued to fill her mouth. He bucked his hips wildly, forcing her to impale her throat on his enormous cock, lest it slip out. She felt his balls churning with cum and her eyes filled with tears as she wished for air. His hot cum filled her belly and its warmth spread throughout her. The intensity of his climax abated and she was able to draw a breath through her nose while her cheeks still pumped like billows. Eventually, he stopped gushing cum and she lapped at his cock hungrily as his flow turned to a dribble and then nothing. She drew her mouth slowly over the throbbing head of his cocked, tonguing his slit to make sure she had every drop.

"Ah" she said as she released his cock with a pop from her mouth and smacked her lips. "Mmmmmm. I feel your vitality in me."

He lay panting. She gave him a peck on his sweaty forward and leaned over him, inserting a nipple in his mouth. He eagerly began slurping and sucking as she cooed. Feeling her power and control she felt no need to hurry the ritual. She gave him her other breast and he continued to suck while she ran her fingers through his straw colored hair. Her loins were ablaze and she felt wetness from her pussy making its way down her thighs. 

"Now, Yonny" she said, sitting up and stroking his hard cock. "Have you seen stallions take mares, Yonny?"

He nodded. 

"I want you to mount me just like that. But I need you in my cute little bunghole. And I need your cock in there as deep as you can go when you shoot your sticky cum in me. Okay?"

He wondered why they couldn't mate like he had seen Cooper's daughter doing with the errant Paladin through a crack in the door. "In your bunghole?" he asked, confused, even skeptical.

She leaned over and stroked the chimes again. "First my cute little bunghole and then I will take you into my womb." He nodded. 

She reached to the small table beside the bed and scooped two fingers full of a greasy salve. He ran his hands along her toned legs as she rose to her knees and spread some of the cream into her ass. She lathered it on Yonotan's cock. Lastly, she picked up a small black object. It was shaped like a little pear and had a ring on the fat end. She whispered dark words and red runes glowed and then faded. 

"As soon as you release, we need to put this in" she instructed.

She crawled slowly, wantonly up the bed and held the head board with one hand. Looking over her shoulder, she arched her back and shook the round globes of her firm ass. He didn't need to be told what to do. Her thick, shiny black hair spilled over her shoulder. She reached back with one hand and spread her ass. Yonotan aimed the glowering, throbbing head of his cock at her greased nether hole and started to work it in. 

"Push it in, stud, push it in." He drove his cock forward and the head popped into her ass. Her eyes went wide and her mouth opened in a silent scream. "Now wait, baby. . . let me take it" she pleaded, her hand shot back to his thigh, arresting his progress. Her breath came in short puffs. She was soon taking deeper breaths and with each breath she backed up, taking a little more of his pole into her. 

"So tight" he said as half of his cock was now in her ass. He began slowly fucking her ass, watching intently as his thick cock split her open. She was still breathing rapidly, but more deeply, and sweat appeared on her forehead and glistened along her spine. 

"That's it Yonny, give it to me, don't. . . hold. . . . back" she said between breaths. He began rutting into her ass, and she let out a loud long moan as he bottomed out in her bowels, his balls, slapping against her dripping pussy. He was relentless. Yonotan grabbed a fist full of her hair and pulled her head back, as he had seen a stallion nip at his mare's mane. 

His balls swung heavy, hitting her pussy like a large door knocker over and over again. Their bodies slapped together loudly. She squealed loudly saying "By the Horned God you're splitting me in half." Her face was covered in sweat and she was holding on to the head board for her life. He felt amazing in her ass, but was simply too big and she huffed and her face showed the strain. He was fucking her ass uncontrollably and with a roar he drove his cock to the hilt. She felt it swell in her punished asshole before it unleashed a torrent of thick, creamy cum into her guts. "YES!" she screamed in triumph. She clenched his cock with her ass as he continued to buck and spasm. He kept cumming and cumming and he wondered if that was normal. He finally collapsed on her, his dick buried in her ass, his mouth open and drooling on her smooth shoulder. 

"Mmmm" she said giving her ass a test shake. It felt like he'd pumped her full of a pint of his seed. She let him rest for a minute "I need you to pull out, lover, but we have to put this plug in right away."

"Okay" he said groggily. He slowly withdrew his shaft and as soon as the head popped free the witch inserted the obsidian plug into her abused and reddened ass, not losing a dro of his precious vitality. Yonotan barely had the strength to roll over. His breath was ragged and he was shaking his head some. Smiling at him, the witch put a pinch of pink powder into a goblet of water and put it to his lips. He drank greedily. She kissed him lovingly, their tongues coiling together. She kissed his eyes gently and kissed his neck as she stroked his flaccid cock back to life. Soon, he was as hard as granite.

"Can you make love to me one more time, Yonny?"

"Yes" he said sleepily.

She raised her pussy above his pole, spreading her lips with one hand and guiding his shaft into her with the other, her knees on either side of him. She was dripping wet and her gorgeous pussy easily engulfed the first four inches of his thick cock. He was awestruck and raised his head to watch with true curiosity as his tool disappeared into her. The witch lifted herself slowly off the stud's cock until just the head was in her, his cock shining with her nectar, before easing herself back down, an inch deeper than before. A few more times and she triumphantly buried all twelve inches of his cock into her pussy. She was so full she just straddled him motionless for a long moment, breathing deeply and relishing her bounty, the plug in her ass making her complete. 

Coming out of her reverie, she placed both her hands on his massive chest and began slowly fucking him. She leaned over him so that her raven-colored hair cascaded on his shoulders and neck. It felt soft and warm. He lifted his head and took one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking and slurping. He thrust to meet her and they found a beautiful rhythm. With one hand he reached behind her and gently flicked the ring of the butt-plug, making her shiver. She kissed him deeply again and then sat up, placing his hands on her breasts as they bounced. He rolled her nipples between his strong fingers as she rode him. Her juicy pussy squelched as their coupling grew more intense, faster and harder. The fire in her loins flamed hotter and she moaned to the Goddess. The witch reached down and massaged his heavy, throbbing balls. 

"Yonny" she moaned, "Cum with me. . . cum together with me. . " He was bucking his hips, a grimace on his face. She felt his huge pole swell in her and he let out a loud, painful groan, exploding deep in her womb. The witch thundered into orgasm, "Aiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeee" mashing her hips down on him, her tight pussy clenching and milking his cock. Her orgasm shattered her. His massive shaft pulsed, filling the third vessel with his thick, scorching cum. Once again, he seemed to cum and cum and cum, his cock throbbing and pumping jizz into her. She felt the spasms echo against the plug in her ass. His head flopped on the bed and he passed out, utterly spent. She wiggled on his cock, milking every last drop of his precious cum, squeezing the shaft with her inner muscles. Still joined with him, she lay her head on his chest and whispered a sleeping spell into his ear, for good measure, and gave him a loving kiss on the lips. The ritual required that his cock keep her pussy corked until all his essence had been absorbed. 

The next morning, the confused man that wandered back to the village looked nothing like the strapping stud Yonotan. He was old, frail, and feeble, holding his over-sized trousers up with one hand, his feet sloshing in boots too big. It took the townsfolk a full day to figure out it was Yonotan. After the commotion had died down and Yonotan was resting at home, a group headed out with the Sheriff and oil for burning. But the witch was gone. And, after all, a deal is a deal.