 "Someone there?" Xany asked, knowing it was useless. Her feelings confirmed, the sound that was there just a moment ago, did not return. She recalled, her ears did not receive a single sound other than the swell of a soft breeze that stroked leaves. The figure lurking invisibly in her surroundings would have to be very skilled in stealth to fool her ears.

Her frown deepened, walking towards the closest tree and laying her hand onto the trunk. "Mother Tree, you must have felt the rush of leafs as that figure passed on by. Let your twigs show me which way it chose."

It seemed like a soft wind bended the twigs towards the shrubs nearby, yet no wind had filled the air. No wind had lifted the silence, which only made the suspense even harder for a young curious elf as she was. She mumbled her thanks, stuck her long brown hair behind her pointed ears and stared with her green eyes into the darkness, hoping to catch a glimpse. Nothing changed, not a sound was to be heard. 

'If something is there, I should be hearing breathing at least?' She thought to herself, then sighed and gathered her courage and started walking confidently towards the riverside. 'It is but my imagination,' indulging herself on a chuckle, 'again.'

She let her tensions go, and soaked up the lovely surroundings. The elf turned to see where she left her clothing and then realized all laid on the side of the river. Under the pressure of the warmth of summer, this morning she had been dying to go for a swim. Too shy to reveal herself completely, she had tossed away her tunic on the riverbed, yet kept her gown on her body. Looking down, she saw that the gown had soaked up a lot of water, revealing slightly more then just curves. Two pointy nipples stuck out, which made her blush. "I should dry my clothes..." 

She chuckled. "Or else every man in town will not be looking at my eyes..."

The young elf undid the fastening at the back of her neck, feeling the fabric slowly sliding off. The water made it stick to her skin, needing to pull it down, slowly revealing more of herself in the process. Once the dress was down her ankles, she stepped out of it and hung it over a branch and seated herself on a flowerbed right between some shrubs. Being so exposed now on the riverbed, instead of being exposed under the water, made her curse herself for taking the gown into the river. The flowers tickled her behind and as a protest she plucked one and smelled it. She felt like she had conquered nature.

Suddenly, again the pressing feeling of being watched was there, now even more pressing due to her current predicament. This time, instead of looking around, she leaned back until she laid flat and closed her eyes. 'It's not there... it's not there...' She ran through her mind, but her ears shifted attention from distance to distance to sense anything.

She wondered that if, only if, someone was watching from the other bank he would have a great view. Somewhere inside her a primitive feeling arose. As if being watched gave her the intention of being naughty.

Another chuckle escaped her lips while letting her hand glide over her thigh a moment, then slowly to the inner thigh and firmly stroke it. She wondered what the person on the other bank would be doing. 'Would it come closer? Or simply like to watch and play with himself?'

A realization came to her; she could not know what was out there. Not even whether something was actually there. She could imagine a firm male, walking up to her and pressing his strong arms around her. Or she could imagine a woman, giving her warm love and tenderness.

Her thoughts whirled a moment, not really deciding, then opened her eyes and looked up at the sky a moment. 'It is such a soft afternoon, this is not the weather for men to be about.' 

The young elf closed her eyes again, her inner eye constructing a fair woman.

Before her spirit-thoughts appeared a not so tall dame, muscular yet soft of skin. She wore the same type of gown, yet her clothing was of a mint green colour, which matched her bright red hairs and dark green eyes. Her figure was not as toned as the warrior women of Tall'an, but firm to say the least. Her curves would make many men sing his love serenade.

She tilted her head slightly, amused by her own musings. She started to change the image into a living fantasy, stroking her hands over her body while she forced her mind to believe it were the hands of precisely that woman. Then, to make it easy on her mind, that her own hands were tied up.

The elf could feel the foreign hands touch up her feet and her legs, moving about around her belly and lower, avoiding only the most sensitive spots, while her own hands would lie bounded by her chest, pressing up her breasts. Two soft lips touched the skin of her neck, while soft curly red hair slid by the sides of her chin and wrists. 

A soft moan escaped her own lips, being absorbed by this game of her own creation, arching her back slightly more while tilting her head aside. Giving room for the kisses on her skin that was but the touch of her imagination. She might be young, she had already had felt the touch of a hand along her body and of course her own hand along her most intimate places.

She was slightly biting onto her lip, while arching her back lightly as she ran a hand along her breast. Gently gliding over it while feeling herself slightly warming up by it, her fingers running over her own nipple until it turned taut. Her other hand sought the inside of her legs, feeling the remaining drops of water still emanating from her knees as she pulled up her leg a bit.

The kisses moved lower, where hands merged into lips, where a kiss on her nipple was produced by only the slightest pinch of her fingers. Down to her bellybutton where a tongue could only have licked as smoothly as her fingertip now pressed onto her tingling skin.

Her breathing turned deeper and slightly unsteady as her thoughts whirled ahead to what would come. She dangled her finger ever so slowly further down, yet avoiding her most sensitive spot until at the last moment.

She saw through her inner eye how the woman lifted her head up from her body and smiled while she lowered her gown to just below her breasts.

Xany, the elf, wanted her to be real so badly, just so she could get up from the grass and feel her warm skin press against hers.

She knew that when she opened her eyes, nothing would be there. 'Nothing but the shadow of my imagination.' Yet she opened them anyway, just for a moment

Above her hung a shadow, still blurred by her imagination that just would not go away.

"NO! NO!" A warm female voice whispered briskly. "Do not let the feeling go. Embrace it!"

Xany tried to open her eyes further to see more clearly, but it felt like a magical cloak hang densely around her. She did not feel frightened by the new figure around her, just curios to know what figure seemed to have come out from hiding.

"Who are you?" Xany asked. The figure became somewhat clearer, allowing Xany to see that the figure indeed had remarkable resemblance to her imagination.

"I am a wood nymph. Being as you are an elf, you must have heard about us?"

Xany thought deep and remembered solely a quote from one of her former lovers. "You are as skilled in bed as a wood nymph." She needed not to wonder why the wood nymphs did not occur in regular elvish folklore.

She grinned a moment, then pushed the memories aside and observed the woman a while longer. Somewhere inside her she felt surprised she had no anxious feeling about laying down before her as naked as she was. Without a doubt the cloak she sensed had something to do with that.

Reaching out with a hand she let her fingers glide between the curly hairs that danced around the nymph her face. "How come you look so close to my thoughts?" She mused aloud, yet was forced to closed her eyes again and returned to where she had left the fantasy.

"We nymphs sense that emotion, we sense your imagination. It is all you." The nymph almost sang softly with a soothing voice. "Show me what lies in your desire."

She let her thoughts drift a while, feeling several things coming into mind. Things she mostly only had seen at the falls. The bathing place of the women, where some of the female Elves were doing more then simply washing.

She pictured the nymph to slowly get out of her clothes and then to be a strong woman, picking her up and carrying her to the waterbed. A rush came to her mind as she felt herself being swooped up from the ground, carried a while and then lowered into the coolness of the river water.

Xany imagined how the nymph would seat herself behind her on the riverbed and started gliding her hands over her shoulders. It would appear firstly as if it was to wash, yet soon the hands would trail down to her breasts. She herself would glide her hands over the calves and thighs of the nymph, leaning her head against her shoulder. The nymph gathered water in her hands and slowly dripped it besides her neck down over her breasts till it had reached her nipples.

She could feel the waterline slowly dancing just below her bellybutton, and the breasts of the nymph pressing against her back.

"Please, call me Yuáng." The nymph brought into her mind.

'Yuáng. I always liked that name.' Xany thought. Then she smiled; of course she did.

She slightly shook her head and continued on with the fantasy. Yuáng kept on stroking her breasts a while longer, then started moaning softly in Xany her ear as the young elf moved her hands slightly further up to Yuáng her inner thighs. 

She felt how the private area's of the nymph were well groomed and slowly felt up her mystical lover. Whether she was wet she could not tell while sitting down in the river water, yet Yuáng sighed a strong sigh as Xany moved her fingers around the nymph's orifice.

Gently she entered her, only but slightly, before going just a bit up and brushing over the area between her hole and the clitoris. The nymph reacted by pressing her closer and burying her face in her neck.

"That's right...yearn..." Xany said amused.

She felt her finger sliding deeper into her new found friend, touching up her insides.

At first the elf did not know exactly what to look for, only knowing of a rumour of a G-spot inside. Then, almost instinctively, a sense came to her of where to look for it.

Even as it seemed far inside from her current position, she reached to her max and found the place that can give a woman so much more pleasure. Her finger rubbed over it, feeling the nymph tensing by it. 

The nymph laid her head on her shoulder, completely surrendering herself to the feeling the young elf gave her, almost like the nymph was no longer in control of her own magic. Gently Xany started moving her finger in and out, just before she pulled out to tease her friend with a flick past her clitoris one more time.

Xany stood up and sat down behind Yuáng, this time wrapping her arms around the nymph.

"Now you are mine..." She purred into her ear softly, feeling the nymph shudder slightly. One arm she kept close about the nymph, while the other glided over her breasts a moment to tease before going down. Down to the one place the Nymph was longing for. 

Her fingers explored both the edges of the nymph's female parts, feeling the edge of her labia and then moving further inside to feel the orifice and the sensitive perineum.

To increase the effect on the already aroused nymph, she tilted her head slightly and moaned softly into her ear. Feeling her own heart beating faster while the images in her mind were true to the eye.

Suddenly, the nymph shook up. 

"Why you little elf... no one has given me a fantasy before... Would you be the one?"

Xany looked at her and asked with a sense of curiosity. "What would that be then?"

The nymph responded with only a sly smile about her lips. 

"Well, tell me! Or I will just let you come in my fantasy." Xany pressed on.

The nymph blushed, looking shy. "I wonder what that would be like."

"You never came?" The young elf asked with surprise.

The nymph looked deep in her eyes with a weary smile... "I have had it happen many times, in the fantasies of my lovers. But the magic only works one way and only the person that receives the fantasy gets the true release. I need the fantasy to come from a mortal, And in the end; who wants to please the giver of good feelings, if there is so much to take?"

Xany shook her head in disbelief. "If I conjure up a fantasy, can you make it your own?"

Yuáng smiled and nodded, leaving Xany to close her eyes once more. Many thoughts came to her mind, but she needed only the best to bring to this nymph.

Suddenly, a figure stepped forward, almost out of nowhere.

Xany looked up at the figure, recognizing the man from her awakened fantasy at the moment his features were shown. He was naked as the day he was born, yet his manhood conveniently stood ready and firm. Xany pondered for a second and then mumbled to herself. 

"This just keeps on getting stranger." 

Amused by the fantasy coming alive thing, her mind wandered a while, letting him lay down on his back and then guided the nymph to lay on top of him with her back against his front. With her one hand she guided her friend to place her hips just so that she could hold the tip of his piece against her orifice. With a kiss on her lips she mentally pushed the nymph to lower herself, a fantasy she just had to oblige. As the nymph closed her eyes and moved in on the man, he slowly entered her. Xany took her seat besides them on her knees and let her hands roam freely over the nymph her body. The nymph pulled her closer with her arms and pressed her lips once again on hers. Slowly she began to ride up and down as his manhood throbbed into her vagina.

Xany herself felt excited by it, her hands roaming from insensitive places to the more sensitive. Eventually ending up with one hand to massage the nymph her breasts as the other went down to move over her own clitoris.

Yuáng breathed heavily as she pushed her pelvis down against the man, making his stiff limb pushing only further inside her. His hands crawled over the nymph her back and Xany knew it was not her that ordered that in her fantasy.

She let her fingers rub over her clitoris while her other hand moved from Yuángs' breast down to her vagina, to then touch the manhood that was penetrating her.

The guy moaned.

Amused by the sound from the up until then silent figure, she continued to probe him there, going just a bit lower and stroking him. She lowered her hand a tad, grabbing his balls and slightly squeezing it. Xany had received a fair bit of former lovers, with each there own quirks and pleasures. Knowing there still had to be a connection between the pleasure of the man and the nymph riding him, she decided to bring the best she could for both.

The elf bended forward as Yuáng moved a bit slower and started to lick the stiff figure around his perineum. The finger of her free hand went down to the man's anus, and slowly penetrated deeper before going back up. She knew from experience that by the edge of the upper part his G-spot was; which could drive a man crazy. She felt it, touched it and fingered it as Yuáng continued to drive her vagina deep around the man's hard member. The nymph her hand had lowered itself now, the index finger playing circles around her most sensitive area. Both man and woman were now thoroughly and audibly voicing their pleasure.

The sounds of their moans got Xany severely horny as well, continuing to play there while seeing by the way the nymph arched her back that she was close to coming. Yuáng ordered the man to arch his pelvis up for an even deeper penetration, again not something Xany had ordered herself.

"Oh yes. Do come. Come for me. My fantasy desires that you come hard on his cock." She said, laying herself so that the nymph could hear her as she softly moaned along.

Then suddenly the nymph her movement became erratic and her body seems to clench over a feeling emanating from her groin. Almost simultaneously she felt the anus of the man tighten against her finger and saws his balls spasm as his white gold shot up the orifice of the nymph. 

Quickly Xany released him and got up on her knees, supporting the body of the nymph, who was clearly overwhelmed by her first true orgasm after such a long time.

Xany grinned while hearing the nymph panting. 

"This time... did you truly come?" She asked.

"You really wanted me to come, did you not, Xany?"

Xany smiled and nodded, looking at her friend sitting spend on a now softening cock. The man below her still still and frozen as ice.

"That was a deep nestled fantasy of yours, was it not?" Yuáng continued as she regained some of her composure. Xany blushed... "Yes it was."

Then seated herself a bit more comfortable, watching the nymph nimbly climbing off of the man. Xany watched the features a moment of him, with the glistening of the nymphs moisture on his limp man piece, and then back at the nymph. "Did you enjoy it?" She asked, seeing Yuáng nodding profoundly.

"I was finally truly able to feel him inside. To feel my fingers on my clitoris and somehow your fingers inside him." She pondered for a second. "I need more." Her conclusion came as she looked Xany deep in the eyes.

Her look made her eyes burn and all the excitement had given the young elf a throbbing sensation in her own private regions. She needed more as well. "How?" Was all she could muster.

Suddenly a slight glow engulfed the nymph and her forms began to shiver and somehow melt.

She grew into a larger form and suddenly there stood a second man near the river.

Still under the impression of the magic calm of the cloak and the enticing actions of before, Xany could do little more than gaze with an open mouth.

The first figure went on to stand near the shrubs, as commanded by the nymph. 

"Please Xany. Somehow I feel like I can control it all now. Bring me your fantasy and I will try to share this pleasure to both of us. Show me how you fuck him. "

Xany looked up at the first figure standing there, his piece still visibly used by the nymph, but once again firm for action. She got up, almost unconsciously walked over to him and let her hands run over his chest. A thoughtless moment she went to kiss him, feeling his arms encircling about her, then looked mischievously into his eyes and ordered him to sit down.

She took his member in her hands as he sat down on a wide tree trunk, almost readily placed by the nymph's mystical ways. With a good aim she took a little spit on his pole and waxed it till it was nice and greasy from her fluids and that of the nymph. Then she sat across him and placed his tip against her hole. Slowly he felt his long one slide inside her, taking her breath away

A shiver passed through her, not doing anything a moment, then she started moving slowly. Pressing her breast against his chest, feeling the extra tension it already created. The still slightly wet skin of hers made the touch of his skin against her all the more sensitive. She felt him filling her deep and took in all the sense he had to give her by sliding down slowly, then moving swiftly up. From the corner of her eye she watched the now male form of Yuáng, clearly showing lust on his face. She rose up to the peak of the other man his cock, then quickly slid down again. A twitch on Yuáng his face now told her that he was very much so in connection with the guy underneath her and was feeling every bit of her movements.

After a while she paced up a bit, letting one of her hands glide over his leg, underneath herself to his balls. Playing a bit with them and feeling his cock hardening even more by it.

She felt up and down his rock hard post, till she came to the point that her fingers touched herself. Xany just loved the feeling of a cock entering her while she moved up and down, the feeling of her labia encasing his hard one, being stretched slightly as she pulled him a bit out of herself.
