 Agony surrounded my mind, my body, the very essence of me. I was in Adam's head. So connected to him, that I could feel his every ache from my father's torture and I screamed deep inside the recesses of his mind. I could feel the torture as if it were happening to my own human body. It made the pain intense and unbearable. I tried to speak but that which made me, me, felt trapped in Adam's head, nothing more than his thoughts.

I passed out from the pain. No, I died from the pain. There's a place that isn't a place, an in-between, a place where a demon experiences death. It is neither Heaven nor Hell. It is home to a magic so ancient and wild that it isn't real, and yet it is everything. That's where I became self aware, except I was nothing, no one.

In my moments in the in-between space of life and death, the place that was real yet nothing tangible, I felt and knew everything. I was the chaos of my life and as insignificant as a gnat. I was whole and complete, yet shattered at the exact same time. Time wasn't real either, I could have been there a nanosecond or a million human years. I accepted it as fact, even if everything about it was a complete and ugly lie. I was dead, but more alive than I'd ever been in my three hundred years.

I lived a lifetime there. I saw myself with Adam and a young girl. Adam looked like a human, no wings, but still a beautiful sculpted god-like man. He took my breath away and made my eyes hurt to see so much beauty. The girl looked like the best mix of Adam and I. Her hair appeared brown but with closer inspection it was easy to see it was black and blonde so blended together perfectly to make it brown. Her face was angelic, round puffy cheeks, and a smile that melted pieces inside me I never knew were there.

I was happy, no, content, satisfied. Then I flashed and understood the Apocalypse. I saw Death, War, Conquest, and Famine spreading through man, each on their horses, red, white, black, and cream, riding through Earth with demons in tow to consume the human race as easily as a vacuum sucks up dirt. I saw the decay of the Earth and humanity, as they became nothing more than dust blowing through the universe, drifting without even the hint of the promise of what once had been.

The little girl giggled and it was pure and innocent. I saw a thin line of light, that linked me back to, well me. It was so tiny I was sure I'd snap it if I tugged on it or tried to use it to travel back. I was only at the threshold of the nothingness, but it wanted me fully.

"Do you want to die?" The little girl asked.

"No," I said.

"Then don't," she giggled again and I felt it as if I had a body in that place. It tingled through my limbs into my mind as only sound could make a person feel. Such a simple answer, as if I had a choice. I did have a choice, and I chose to live.

"Save her, NOW!" Fire's voice roared through the room and through my mind spilling into me where the unconscious mind sleeps. I could hear Morty and Fire, their argument sounded miles away from me.

"I can't," Morty said.

I tried to speak but my body and voice would not respond. It was like being stuck in sticky goo just below the surface.

"Just do what you've always done. Like when Damien tried to kill her. Just heal her," Fire said. Again, his voice was angry and filled the room with its roar.

"I can't," you could hear the frustration in Morty's voice, frustration but not fear.

"Do it, now. Just wake her up. Fix her, heal her, whatever it is you do, DO IT!" Fire yelled.

"I can't," Morty sighed. "Just because you keep telling me to, doesn't mean I'll magically all of sudden have it within my powers to do."

"But you healed her all those times Damien tried to kill her, just do what you did then." Fire said, even floating in the void I could tell, Fire was pouting.

"She was a demon then. Humans are alive, I mean really alive. It's a God thing, you wouldn't understand it. It's nothing I have power over. I cannot heal her. If her human body dies then she is truly dead, trapped in death by part of the human experience."

"This is all Adam's fault. I felt it. He pushed his suffering onto her and she couldn't handle it. I'll go fix this. I'll just kill him," Fire said.

Panic shocked me into action. I pushed through to the surface and said, "No." It was barely above a whisper but the two men in the bedroom heard me, Demon hearing is good for something.

"Nessa, he almost killed you, how can you say no?" Fire whined. I almost found it comical.

"She's alive, my work here is done." Morty said. It sounded as if he were backing away from Fire. "So if you need anything other than what we discussed you know how to get a hold of me." I imagined he stepped toward the mirror. "Bye, bye, for now."

My eyes opened instantly. Fire's body pressed to my back, his cock still buried in my body, as if time had stopped dead when I'd become unconscious or died, or whatever had taken me to that in-between place. Great, neither one had bothered to move me when I passed out, or whatever I did. Though, Morty was by the mirror as I'd thought. I shook Fire off me as if he were a comforter.

Morty's eyes locked with mine and we shared a moment of knowledge, then it was gone. His face went blank, but the fear that had flashed in his eyes in the moment still lingered. I crawled on hands and knees toward him, not as prey but as predator. He shifted and backed away from the mirror towards the bed. His knees hit the mattress and he folded back against the bed. His cock still out and rock hard from playing with himself while Fire and I had fucked.

The pain from whatever connection I had with Adam was a dull throbbing in my body, it felt incredibly good. Like when you release your nipple from a nipple clamp and the blood rushes back to it in relief. That's how I experienced Adam's pain, and I knew what I had to do. I crawled up Morty's body my tongue licking along his exposed flesh. I tasted him, not just his physical flesh, but also his power, everything that made him Morty, the power known as Death.

"Princess," he hissed out as my lips circled his dick. His spine bowed and his eyes rolled back in his head. I licked and sucked my way down to his body and then pulled up, slowly I lifted my mouth off him.

He gasped as his eyes closed and his body relaxed under me. I made my way up to his mouth and licked his lips. I sucked his bottom lip and nibbled at it for a moment before I released it with a juicy slurp. I straddled him on my hands and knees, as I positioned myself above him, and slammed myself down his pole. His hands rose to my hips and he thrust up against me until he was fully inside me, filling me with the length of him. I rode him, moving up and down with purpose. The power that lingered filled the room like smoke during a fire.

Morty's eyes opened and there were no words for the look in them. He seemed to look at me as if I were a treasure, a queen, a prize. His eyes filled with lust, longing, and worship. His hands moved up my waist until he was cupping my breasts, he squeezed them. My head fell back and my eyes closed as his power filled me with each stroke of our bodies against each other.

Fire was suddenly at my back pushing me forward onto Morty. I knew without knowing what he needed. He needed to join us. He desired me, but not just me. It was the magic I created by joining with Morty. I had unleashed it into the room, and the world for that matter. Fire moved toward our coupling as if he had to, his all consuming power burned with need. His demon form exploded through the body Morty had procured for him. The air filled with the smell of charred flesh, like a rancid barbecue.

His hand on my back scorched me where it touched me. Even though it should have burned away my own flesh, it didn't. As if the power that rode my body protected me from such things. For the first time, I realized that was exactly what was happening. I was more than I'd ever been before. I wasn't just a demon princess or a possessed human body. I wasn't just feeding on Morty's power and now Fire's as he plunged into my body. We weren't just having sex, we were creating the wild magic of the in-between place, releasing it, turning it tangible, and real, and it felt fucking fantastic.

It felt like a storm or a tornado built in my body, as the power of Fire's heat collided with Death's cold. Their powers twisted around each other, not really blending into one, but as if, they meant to tear each other apart, even though physically the two men pumped in and out of my body in perfect unison. I felt myself rolling in the metaphysical sea and knew that it was either control it or it would shred me into a million pieces. I consumed them, each gasped as I pulled and turned it to something expressly me. All that power morphed and filled each of us with raw animal sexual heat.

We grunted as the pressure built between my thighs. I was drowning in all that power, and at the same time I enjoyed the pain of being so completely filled by two men (okay, demons), who could have torn me apart at any moment. Fire's arm slipped between my body and Morty's until he forced my face to his. He kissed me on the mouth and it was enough to send me over the edge.

I came, then Morty, then Fire. Our voices combined as we each howled to the sky, rather ceiling of the bedroom. We were a combined orgasmic yelp that I was sure was heard around the world. Fire collapsed on top of me. My body trapped between his and Morty's as we panted from the exertion and beautiful climax.

"That was-that was..." Morty panted.

"Fucking fantastic," Fire said echoing my earlier thoughts.

"Mmmm," I murmured unable to draw enough breath for words.

"But what was it?" Fire asked.

"Her." Morty said with awe in his breath, warm against my cheek.

"Yes, but it's never been that. I mean she's never made me..." Fire's breath burned across my back as he spoke. It should have been uncomfortable to say the least, but it was nice.

I wanted to ask what he meant, but breathing was beyond me. So I let my body relax between their bodies and just enjoyed the aftershocks of the most powerful orgasm of my life.

I floated into Adam's head again, only this time it was easier, not nearly as violent or even painful. He was completely healed and he was free. I had a bird's eye view of the whole thing. He glowed, his wings extended and undamaged, and his face mincing as he looked down at my father. I had a moment to wonder why and then the sight of my father falling to his knees knocked all reasonable thoughts from my head.

My father, my daddy, ruler of Hell had a look on his face that I'd never seen there before. I'd seen him angry more times than there were days in a century. I'd seen his eyes burning with hatred. I'd seen my father green with jealousy. I'd seen his face covered in vengeance and even joy. I'd seen him satisfied, venomous. But fear? Never seen that one on daddy's face. It was there only for a split second, but it was there. That was more than long enough to rock my world to its very foundation.

"No way!" I said. I'm not sure how I knew it, but I knew that my father blamed me for Adam getting free, and for ruining the underworld, and for starting the Apocalypse, and now for scaring the shit out of him. I was so boned, and not in a good way.