 The first problem with Fire's plan was that it didn't include that double penetration action with Adam. It didn't include rescuing Adam from my father either. As a matter of fact, Adam didn't come into play in Fire's scheme at all, color me disappointed.

I was still feeling a sexual need deep inside my body that Fire had explained away as the potion Heavenly Bliss (HB). It didn't matter to me that images, impressions, and sensations of the sex I had with Adam floated in my head like an obsession. The hope of more sex with Adam was an all consuming thought while I snuggled in Fire's burning arms. In his true naked form he exuded sex and strength. I needed and wanted sex from Fire, or from anyone. I sought to satisfy my needs, and Fire was the closest to me physically and emotionally, as well as my long time consort.

It seemed a waste to miss an opportunity to screw Fire while I was still under the HB spell, but one look into his coal-colored eyes told me not to bring it up. His face twitched slightly from my thoughts and earlier actions, as much as his tattoos told me he wasn't in the mood. I'd been with Fire for three hundred years, but I fucked one archangel and my whole world went to hell in a hand basket.

I sighed as I took comfort in Fire's massive muscled arms. It wasn't as if I thought, 'Hey, I would really like to start an Apocalypse by ten o'clock this morning.'

It seemed that I should be furious with Fire, certainly more than what I was feeling. He led my father straight to me through his tattoos, but instead I felt the stirrings of need. I was crazed for him.

Was I to blame for my actions or thoughts? No, it was all the fault of the HB concoction that made me think and act like a whore. It was the equivalent of being drugged, for me that was the wicked truth of the situation.

As I lingered in Fire's warm embrace, the church seemed quieter, darker without Adam in the room. Even the slight glow of Fire's skin did nothing to remove the ominous quality to it.

"I suppose you should seduce the Horsemen. We wouldn't have to worry about the start of the Apocolypse. It's the quickest way to stop your father's plans if that's your what you truly want," Fire said.

"I can't do anything in human form, and the expulsion has left me with little power. How can I seduce them?" I asked.

"You need to embrace your demon side. You're not as weak as you think. We don't have time to wait though. You shouldn't worry about the details. This is going to work."

"It doesn't feel as if I have much of a choice. If Prince Pussbucket has his way I'll be dead before tonight. Stupid prophecy," I said.

Damien's plans had never been so successful. My hands were tied. I'd fallen into a trap. I admit to not being the brightest bulb in Hell, but I felt my ignorance even more now. It was as if something was wrong from the start. Again, I couldn't process the more of the situation so I ignored it.

"If you can spread your legs for an angel, I suppose you can do it for Morty's brothers." Fire sighed into my hair. "It's the quickest way to repair the damage your fucking around has caused. Damn your father to Hell," Fire fumed.

"I don't want to have this argument again. It's not my father's scheme, as much as it's Damien's warped and twisted plotting. I only have to prove it to dad to make him stop what he's doing. I have to do this. It's the only way to survive," I said. It was Fire's plan and yet he was enraged by the idea of it. Men, go figure.

"I know you have to do this, but I reserve the right to hate it," Fire said as he pouted, even his shoulders slumped. "Damien intends to destroy you. Even when you were still a fledgling he's always been obsessed with your death. Funny, that your best friend is Morty."

"It was necessary after all the attempts on my life, but, now he's even convinced Daddy that I'm dangerous. Why else would he expel me from Hell?"

"But now that your father has Adam to hold over God's head, well lets just say Damien's conception seems to have backfired a bit." Fire got silent after his comment. Was he feeling my mind racing thoughts and glimpses of Adam sex through it?

Damien hated me, possibly because I was a girl or maybe because I was born. It's not like you need a reason to hate in Hell.

I took in Fire's demeanor. "Fine, then I'll go back to Hell and turn this body over to my father. What do I care? It's just a body, Morty can find me another," I said, with little confidence in that scenario. My instincts told me it would be wrong, even if my instincts couldn't be trusted because of the HB spell tainting my mind and body.

"Nessa, no, I hate that you sleep with him in the first place." Fire's temperature increased as thoughts of Morty and I fucking filled his head.

I was regretting the tattoos because of how much pain they were causing him and me. Again, I felt how off my true nature that thinking was, another side effect of being in a human body.

"I didn't sleep at all. Besides, Morty and I were sealing deals," I said trying to make light of the situation. "It wasn't like I cheated on you and what would it matter if I did?"

I pulled away from his simmering arms to watch his coal-colored eyes. His eyes changed color depending on his mood. His mood was dark, steaming with jealousy.

"What about Adam?" he asked refusing to meet my gaze.

"That was a spell. A really good potion, at least that's what you said," I backpedaled as fast as I could.

"I suppose so, but, your orgasm, your climax. You've never felt that way with me. I must be the most predictable demon if even I couldn't reign in myself to leave you alone.

"I felt it and knew I'd lost you to him," he sighed, more pouting. "I'm an idiot, I knew what your father was up to, and still I raced here to see what had made you so satisfied. I really didn't expect him to follow me." Fire said doing a little backpedaling himself, it seemed. I just couldn't say for sure, but my father said he sent Fire ahead to give him time to catch Adam.

"We can't change what's already done, and your plan, although very, well, we'll just have to um..." I said, afraid to tell Fire that I wasn't really considering the abortion part.

It's not as if it were a moral dilemma. I didn't normally have to worry about such things. My demon body couldn't get pregnant, thanks to a childhood with a true sadist like Damien. This pregnancy was all my human body. It had only been a week and maybe my body's soul was loitering somewhere inside making the thought untouchable.

I should be jumping at the chance to return to Hell, but too much had happened too fast. Something had changed inside me, and I wanted to blame it on the potion but the facts of the situation dawned on me. Ridding my body of the baby would upset my father, but I couldn't understand the why?

According to the prophecy it was the 'last born of my father's seed' that would lead to his demise. That meant the baby that grew in my belly, no longer me, I hoped at least that was one way to interpret the prophecy. My father had said that God would try to kill the child though, so wouldn't aborting it work out for God as well as my father? Wouldn't they both be after the same thing, the destruction of my half angel, half demon, half human fetus? I needed to hear the prophecy again; I just couldn't remember all of it.

I tried to focus on the tough questions of my situation, but my mind kept drifting back to sex. Sex with Adam, sex with Fire, sex with Morty even. Maybe, it was the succubus part of me but most likely the HB spell. When in doubt go with a potion, lots of responsibility is easily placed on one.

I couldn't see the big picture of my situation as much as I needed to, to protect myself, and the child growing in my belly. Even that thought process, the desire to protect the unborn baby, settled inside me as natural, clearly outside my human-less personality traits.

Fire morphed himself into a cat as we left the church with the old world feel to it. He was going for something that wouldn't draw too much attention on the street, if you considered his state of undress. Except, Fire believed in 'go big or go home'. The cat he chose was a black panther. He thinks I'm the moron in our relationship.

We got a lot stares on the walk to my place. Fire shook his panther head back and forth, and we walked to my apartment in an uncomfortable silence. I noticed a few demons hiding behind human faces on the mile walk to the apartment. Maybe the spell was making me hallucinate that part, I just didn't know. My brain felt fuzzy, as if the answer were right in front of me but I just couldn't comprehend it.

My apartment was small to me, although it was a nice size for a human. The room décor was like a virgin bride on her wedding night, white, arterial blood red, and blush pink. I would have preferred more blood red. The apartment was nothing like growing up with a piece of the universe at your disposal.

Fire stalked through my apartment and stretched out on my bed before he returned to his true form. I followed him and as I watched him change, I remembered why he was someone that made my legs shaky even when I was more than human. Eye candy, yummy. I crossed to the bedroom and jumped him.

"Nessa I need you to focus for my plan to work," he said as I plied him with kisses across his nipples. I licked and sucked until they were hard little nubs and his body temperature increased by ten degrees.

"Play now, work after," I said when my mouth wasn't full. I ran my black painted fingernails down his stomach as he pulsed with an agonizing heat. "Besides we have to seal a deal. All deals made in 'Hell' must be sealed through sex." 

His campfire-colored eyes rolled in their sockets. Fire grabbed my wrist to stop me as I played with him. I made use of my mouth, specifically my tongue, instead. When he refused to release my hands, I moved my hips up to meet him, and used his stiff cock to lift up my skirt. I began masturbating my clit against his over-sized member slowly letting the fire build between my legs from his heated sex.

"Nessa, I can't think with you doing that...Oh...Ah...," he growled, his voice lost in the sensations of my bare sex sliding up and down his steel wrapped in silk stick.

Smoke poured out of his mouth with the mass of a delicate feather. It crawled over my body like a soft detached tongue. His smoke licked and threatened my human body as it teased and tickled me.

"Fine, but we don't have much time," he said, as he pinned me to the queen-sized bed.

"Plenty of time by my watch," I said, even though I wasn't wearing one. I rolled him onto his back. Fire was so huge his body looked like he was on a twin-sized mattress. I licked my way down his stomach until I met my favorite prize.

"We must...Yes, right there...Mmm..." His hands grabbed my hair, pushed my head down as I took his pulsing member deeper inside me. My pussy had left my juices on his dick and I lapped at my taste for a moment, even though my mouth was almost too small for his true form's girth and length. It was like trying to give head to the fat end of a baseball bat. I loved a challenge though and struggled against his hands to work him into my mouth. After a few unsuccessful attempts, he pulled me up and off him.

"Later, I promise. Besides you reek like Heaven." He pushed my hands away as they roamed over the flesh I couldn't fit in my mouth. He shuddered from my ministrations and said, "I could hurt you in this form, or the baby."

"So what do you care? Didn't you tell me to abort it? You could always morph into something that I can fuck," I said when my mouth wasn't full. I tried again to take his huge cock between my lips, but there was so much flesh I could only attack a few inches. My hands slipped his grasp and I trailed my fingers over his throbbing appendage. I stroked my fingers up and down.

Fire pulled my face to his and kissed my nose softly. "You don't want to abort it," he said. He ran his hands up and down my arms over his tattoos, then he pushed at my hands again trying to make me stop.

My nose felt as if it burned where his kiss lingered. "Fine, I'll hold you to the later part," I said sexually frustrated. I reluctantly released him as I stood up.

I stepped into the bathroom and turned on the faucet in the shower to let it heat up. I could tell it wasn't so much about his form, as he still seethed with jealousy, and a little bit of fear. Probably fear that he wouldn't be able to perform to the standard that Adam had set. Again, my mind drifted towards Adam, and I cursed the potion that made it so.

My human fingers slid down to my moist pussy. I shaved daily because the hair there freaked me out a bit. My demon form was hairless. Shaving made my skin sensitive and needy for contact, yet it was a pleasure to dress my human body in silks, satins, and other soft materials.

I slid my fingers between my thighs and played with my clit for a moment before sliding two fingers inside me. My pussy was tight, wet, and hungry for more. I shoved a third finger into it. Still it wasn't enough as my body burned with the craving of cock, specifically Adam's wonderful dick, I mean Fire's. Fire roared his frustration at me and I tried to concentrate on the task of bathing.

Maybe, my own stupidity had gotten me into this situation. By using Morty's contact, Father Donovan, who probably never existed in the first place, or at least had most likely died before I'd taken human form. Maybe, it was because I'd allowed Fire to tattoo me, for what I thought would be additional protection, but instead it left an easy way for my father to find me. Even letting Morty lead me to Hell, Michigan was poor decision making on my part. I just hadn't spent that much time on Earth. The restrictions of Earth had always felt like my personal version of Hell.

"Hell, Michigan. I'm such an idiot," I said. I stepped out of the shower after I washed away Adam's smell from my skin, even as I trembled slightly from the HB spell as it stirred in my system.

"Yes, even for you that's a little slow," Fire said through the bathroom door, damn demon hearing. My hair flamed and sizzled a little at his comment. He was right of course, as much as I hated to admit it.

~~~~~

"We should call Morty here," I said as I buttoned up a white silk mini-dress. It hugged my body like a second skin.

Fire's eyebrows shifted up as I spoke. "What are you trying to do? You know he's in your dad's pocket." He was in the same position before my shower. He put his hands behind his head and waited for an answer.

"Not really, or at least in way that we can use. We just have to make him a better offer than Daddy can." I forgot about my panties as I watched Fire's naked form stretched out as he made himself comfortable on my bed. He rolled onto his side and watched me. I could tell he was feeling my lust for him through his tattoos. I blinked a few times and walked back into my closet.

"So you think your human body is enough to tempt him?" he called after me.

I emerged from the entrance of my closet to find Fire smug. I enjoyed watching him figure out my contribution to his scheme. "Oh no, Nessa you can't mean...I won't do it!" he grumbled from his chest.

I was addicted to Fire, but my addiction had always felt satisfied until now. I blamed it on the HB and ignored the possibility that Adam had his dick, I mean spell in me. I felt like Fire was the best sex a being could find in Hell. Who doesn't enjoy an elemental demon?

I wasn't the only one to feel that way about Fire. It was why I let him tattoo me, so I could keep up with him if needed, not just the other way around. For the most part, it was only me for him, too. Although, there was a siren, past the bend in the Sang River on your way to the Valley of Tortured Souls, that I had to beat like a ho and I was her pimp.

She had skills with her mouth, and after a demonstration, all was sort of forgiven. I think she may have fallen in a bottomless pit or something. What? Can I help it if some siren slut doesn't know her place?

"How else did you think we'd get him to turn on Daddy? Not like we can offer him what he truly wants," I said, while I pulled on flesh colored panties and then zipped up white thigh-high boots.

Morty's suicidal, how's that for the ultimate irony? The thing Death wants most is to die. My father was one of the only beings who could grant him his desire and he refused to satisfy Morty's wish just to be cruel. Death was a crappy job, even by Hell's standards.

"No, Nessa, I won't do it," Fire said and he pouted. "You can't make me." He crossed his arms over his massive chest and put a blank expression on his face. I was only curious why he never made deals with Death; instead, he went to my father when he needed to make a deal, a rare occurrence in our three hundred year long relationship.

"I'm only being fair to you. After all I did fuck Adam," I paused as I said the last. HB was my new favorite potion. I replayed each wonderful little chorus of my orgasms from Adam in my head.

"I'll never do it if you keep that up," Fire said as his skin started to glow again and my comforter smoked a little.

"Well, he fucked me," again, my mind wondered away and back in time.

"Damn it Nessa," Fire started to smolder. I had to get something else on my mind.

"We are striking a deal here, we should consummate it," I said. "It's something to do until Morty arrives." When in doubt, sex usually works for me. Until I remembered about Fire's form being harmful to my human body.

"Did I hear my name? Princess Vanessa, what a delight to see you so soon. May I assume there is something else you need from me?" he asked as his eyes swept the room. "Oh and Fire, what a devilish treat to see you. I must have done something right today," Morty was hovering in my dresser mirror.

Morty looked like an eighteen-year-old club kid. Tight mesh day-glow shirts, baggy jeans, and stomp out loud black combat boots. He even had a chain strung from his front belt loop to a leather wallet, he never used, in his back pocket. With his long black and white hair, and delicate features, Death was the original gothic beauty.

"Come on through, Morty," I said before I remembered not to invite Death into my residence. Crap on toast with a side of ranch. There were just too many rules to remember, it was exhausting. I was fucking up all over the place today.

Morty laughed and said, "Fear not Princess you've done more than enough damage for one day. Speaking of which, I am a bit busy right now. It is like Invasion of the Body Snatchers out there."

I didn't quite understand the reference so I smiled. I knew that some demons were loose on Earth pushing souls out of their bodies. 

"Oh, now I get it," I said and smiled brighter.

Morty crossed from the mirror and joined Fire on the bed. Fire shifted into a sitting position as if he were ready to run away. I sat down on an oversized red chair across from my bed, and stretched out my legs on the matching ottoman. There was no way I was missing this show.

"Ah, you must want something major for Fire to be willing to let me touch his precious flesh." Morty flashed me a wicked smile as he slid his hand up and down Fire's arm. I returned his smile, although it made my hair flame a bit watching him touch Fire without permission.

"Morty, you've got some 'xplaining to do," I said in my best Ricky Ricardo. I almost broke into a grin watching Fire inch away from Morty as Morty continued to close the gap between them. "I think I might need another favor for the last time we made a deal."

Morty stopped touching Fire, and looked at me with more innocence than I had ever seen him do. His eyes were wide as he said, "But I did everything you asked of me." The fear in his voice was evident and fake.
