 Sorry for the long wait on this one. To be honest I didn't think I had a part two in me. Guess I was wrong. Hope you like the story. Thanks Lostindavoid

*****

Chapter One Wishing For Wings

He judged the distance from his hotel balcony to the one adjacent to his. He stretched his arm out as far as he could but even with his longish limbs he couldn't touch the other railing. If he stood on his own railing, his legs might be long enough to simply step over. He could do this ... just don't look down. He dragged a chair over and used it as a step to get up on his balcony railing. He was tall enough to use the balcony floor above him for balance. Foolishly, he looked down. 

"Wish I had wings to fly with," he whispered. 

He stepped over the void and onto the rail of the other balcony. His heart did a flip in his chest as he transferred his grip to the opposite overhead balcony. He took a few moments to slow his heart. He felt totally exposed. It was late at night, but he still risked being seen. A panic set in and he quickly jumped down to the safety of the other balcony's floor. He let out a small yelp as he violently hit an unseen chair knocking it over. He pinwheeled and kept his balance then froze in a semi crouch waiting to see if anyone heard his blundering. Amazingly, no one had. After a minute, he relaxed and edged to the sliding door. The curtain was partly drawn. A light was on and he could see her laying on the bed sound asleep covered by a sheet.

He fingered the door handle and gave a gentle tug. It was unlocked. He didn't know what he would have done if had been locked. Jumping back to his own balcony was a feat he wasn't sure he could repeat. Ever so slowly, he slid the the door open. He cringed for it sounded like a Mack truck ripping down the H-1 Highway. He slid it open wide enough to slip through sideways. For the average person that would have been ten inches maybe less, but for him the opening had to be twice that. He slipped into the room and nearly jumped out of his skin when the air conditioner kicked in. The figure on the bed stirred. He held his breath and watched her. Thankfully, she stayed in her blissful slumber. He gingerly focused on closing the balcony door, now grateful for the noise of the air conditioner that help to cover up the racket.

He approached the bed. She had kicked the sheet to one side and lay in a fetal position, her long dark hair covered her face forming a shiny messy halo around her pillow. She wore a red t-shirt with the shaka sign on the back. The shirt was hiked up a bit exposing pink panties with yellow daisies. He admired the curve of her butt. Her exposed legs were pale and glowed golden in the bedside lamplight. He knelt and carefully brushed aside her hair to get a look at her face, her features were Asian. He knew for a fact that she was one hundred percent Japanese. She was beautiful in her slumber. He gently pushed at her shoulder to get her to flatten out on her back. She cooperated. He gingerly lay her arms, one at a time over her head in a surrender pose. The woman was tiny, a little less than five feet tall, slight of built. She barely had any tits to speak of under her t-shirt, she was a double A-cup tops. He didn't mind, long ago he had come to appreciate tiny figured woman. She had nice muscle tone like a dancer or gymnast.

"Stay asleep," he whispered to her. 

He gripped the bottom of her t-shirt and as gently as he could, slid the shirt up. The shirt was on the large side so it came up easily. He lustily admired her exposed tits. Laying on her back as she was, her breast were barely visible bumps with small dark brown nipples. He had the shirt just over her head when she stirred. He froze and looked into her beautiful face expecting her eyes to open but they remained close as her head lolled to one side.

He pulled the shirt passed her arms in one quick tug. His heart raced when she shifted and curled back up into her fetal position. Again, he gently pushed at her shoulder to get her to lay flat. He positioned himself on the bed to work on her bottom half. He gripped the sides of her panties and started the lustful decent. She had a cute trimmed patch of jet black hair. It took near forever to work the panties down. Once they were at mid thigh, he picked up the pace and had them off her in seconds. 

The gentle folds of her womanhood invited his inspection. He carefully nudged her knees to spread her legs a bit. He longed to see her naked ass too but didn't attempt to roll her over. He slipped off the bed, stood over her and undressed. All he had on were jeans with no underwear so it didn't take long. She moaned and rolled onto her belly. He smiled. Thank you, he mouthed silently as he looked down at her perfect, pale, tight little ass. He gripped his steely hardon and started to stroke himself. She rolled back over again and his heart went to his throat for her eyes were wide open. 

She abruptly sat up. Her wide open eyes met his. Then her gaze dropped to the raging hardon in his right fist. Then she laughed uproariously.

"Where you awake the whole time?" Ethan Grant asked still gripping his hardon.

Joy Maeda giggled. "You made enough noise to wake the dead," she said. "And I can't believe you jumped the balcony. Are you that lolo? If Ashley found out she'll kick your ass."

"I got wings," he said.

"Yeah, you and pigs can fly."

"We gonna fuck of are you just gonna flap your dirty little mouth?" he asked.

"You have a shit load of tests to do tomorrow," Joy said. "You gonna need some rest."

"I'll go then," he said with mock annoyance as he made for the door.

"You goin' out naked lolo?" Joy asked with a giggle. "Finish your fantasy. Whack off on the innocent sleeping Japanese chick."

"No fun if you're faking it," he said.

"Yeah, like that matters. I'll do it with you. I like looking at you too."

"Maybe you're right. I should save my strength for tomorrow."

"Shut the fuck up," she said as she lay back and massaged her clitoris with no restraint. "Stand at the end of the bed. I wanna see you in all your glory."

Ethan shifted to the foot of the bed. For her benefit, he flexed his muscles as he continued to stroke himself.

"You are an angel come to earth," Joy said in a breathy tone.

He totally disagreed. SHE was the angel not him. He loved the way her long hair fanned around her head, loved the flexing of the slim muscles on her arms, shoulders and thighs as she worked herself, loved the flush in her cheeks, the hard serious expression on her Japanese face, the tiny swells of her breasts tipped with hard brown nipples surrounded by quarter size areolas.

"Come on me!" she said. "Come on my face and tits!"

He knew that SHE knew that he liked hearing her say it.

He joined her on the bed, knelt on her left side, pointed his erection at her face and let go. An explosive jet struck her forehead above her right eye and spattered everywhere, she flinched but didn't stop working herself. A rope of white stripped her chin and tight closed lips. He pointed lower and doused her chest with two irregular blobs then focused back on her face to spray a final volley on her nose and cheeks.

"Show me your wings lover!" she said in a desperate voice. "Show your wings my fucking angel!" Still gripping his wet erection, he spread the wings on his back as wide and as high as they would go. "Fucking awesome!" she yelled and came with her eyes wide open. "Fuck me!" she demanded still in the throes of her orgasm. His normally white wings were a deep crimson on the edges, a sign that he was in that state of near perpetual arousal. Over the years Joy had taken full advantage of this interesting quality of his. He dropped down between her legs and entered her. He flexed his velvety wings forward so that they would brush her face and shoulders because he knew she liked that. 

"You smell like Old Spice and oranges today," she said.

She claimed his wings smelled different every time they made love. To him, the wings smelled musky and animal like. He liked the smell but it was always the same to him. Every woman he made love to had made the same claim about odd smells.

He pulled his wings back to see her face. Some of his come had brushed away but most still clung to her her face and hair. As always, his mess urged him on. 

"I'm coming!" she yelled and pulled him down for s kiss. The kiss was brief and he arched back up. Her orgasm exploded outward.

Not close to done, Joy Maeda lead her winged lover to the hotel bathroom. He entered her from behind facing the bathroom mirror as she gripped the counter. She just LOVED seeing him flex those wings. She loved it even more when the wings brushed over her back, ass and legs. In a span of five minutes, she came with tears of joy in her eyes ... no pun intended.

Breathing hard, crying and laughing all at once, Joy pulled free of him, turned to face him and hugged him tight low on his waist. Ethan looked at their reflection. She was pale but he was even paler bordering on the albino. The way her naked body pressed in on him made him think of Bernini sculptures done in translucent alabaster. He expanded his wings wide for effect. The angel and the maiden, he mused at their reflection.

Joy dropped down to her knees and took charge of his wet, pale, erection. With her mouth and hands she worked him to the edge. "Come on my face," she said.

Ethan look down at his busy lover and asked ... not for the first time ... "Why do you let me do this?"

"Fuck me blind? I must be a total lolo bitch."

"No, come on your face."

"You do it with your other lovers," she said as she got into a steady slide with both her hands.

"You make it sound like I sleep around a lot."

"I know that you do it with Ashley. You both don't talk about it but I can tell you do it."

"Not much lately, not since her engagement," Ethan said.

"There's Dorthy."

"Just three times."

"Even after she married Kieth?"

"No comment."

"Ashley's boss, Alyson Reese. Tall, half Koran, improbably blond."

"Um ... "

Joy continued on relentlessly as she jerked him off. "That hot MILF doctor from the psychology department. That cute Filipino chick Nefertiti Ulamat from the art department. Also from the art department, that beautiful brooding Japanese artist Gwen Yoshimura. The impressively stacked photographer Meka Okuda, AGAIN from the art department. Is there anyone from the art department that you DIDN'T sleep with?"

"Okay, you made your point. And NO, I didn't come on their faces. You're the only twisted fuck that let's me do this. Well, Ashley that one time."

"It's because you're too nice," Joy said as she double fisted his erection. "You have an effect on woman and I KNOW that YOU know that. If you told me you wanted to jizz on my grandmother's gravestone I'd help you do it."

"That is so esoteric ... not to mention wrong."

Sensing that he was close, she looked up at him and said, "Come on me lover."

On her command, he ejaculated. Joy laughed as lines of white crisscrossed her beautiful Japanese face. Still laughing, she reached for a hand towel. 

In the lazy after glow, they lay naked, spooning on the big Ala Wai Arms Hotel bed, Joy in front, Ethan behind. The wing not pinned under him rose and fell, gently brushing Joy's side.

"I don't understand why you want to do this," Joy said. "Well, okay, I DO understand. I just don't want you to do it." He hugged her close, his loose wing stopped fanning and covered her like a louse sheet. "That feels heavenly," she said softly. 

Caressing her with his wing wasn't going to help in his argument so he quickly pulled it back. She turned in his arms to face him, reached up and gripped the wing to pull it in close again. She lazily stroked the edge. "So soft and warm," she whispered. "I can feel the sinew and bones just beneath the surface. It's like petting a kitten." 

"So manly being compared to a baby cat."

She laughed and kept stroking the wing.

"If you keep that up it's gonna go crimson."

"Then you'd be aroused," she said happily.

"Or angry," he added. After a couple of seconds of quiet, he said. "I can't go through life with these things on my back."

She didn't say anything and kept stroking the one wing.

"Will you like me less if they were gone?" he asked.

"Stupid head! I knew you before these grew in so don't even go there."

He smiled. His mind went to that first night six years ago with Joy, Ashley and Sarah. The edges of his wing grew pinker.

"Dirty bird," she said knowing exactly what he was thinking.

"See, I can't have a private thought with these ridiculous things. Its like having my dick hanging out all the time."

"I'm sorry," Joy said. "Roll over, I'll give you a back rub."

He rolled onto his belly, she straddled the back of his legs then gripped both wings at the thickest part were they joined his back and pulled at them.

"Ouch," he said.

"Too hard?" she asked.

"Pins and needles, the right wing was under me for a while." He shook it to get the blood flowing. 

Joy giggled. "They're amazing," she said. 

"They are useless," he said right back with an edge of annoyance.

Joy grunted a response. He was in that mood again, full of loathing for his strange appendages. She had heard this all before so barely listened as she massaged his wings and back. 

"I'm too heavy for them to be of any practical use. I can't fly or even glide. They are pointless! Totally fucking useless!"

"They're sexy as hell," Joy said. "Maybe that's the point of them."

It was Ethan's turn to grunt for he had heard all THIS before. 

"You put something out that is irresistible," Joy said. "Ashley says it some kind of super pheromone whatever. The wings produce it." She followed the base of his spine from his tailbone to between his shoulder blades then forked off to the top edges of his velvety furred wings.

"Maybe Ashley should bottle me and sell it at Nostrums."

She'd make a fucking mint," Joy said as she rolled the edges of one of the wings between her palms the way he liked it. "Even Ms. lesbian with a capital L, Sarah Logan, responds to you."

Ethan grunted. "It was just that one time six years ago. Nothing has happen since."

"Because you're nice," Joy said. "You don't impose on her. But I bet if she were stuck in an elevator with you, abd you vowed absolute secrecy she'd let you fuck her."

"Bring that up with Sarah why don't you," Ethan said with a chuckle.

"I like my teeth were they are," Joy said. She got in close and inhaled his sent.

"What do I smell like now?" he asked.

"A sexy male cologne, cigarettes and beer. The smells of a fun night clubbing with Alice."

"How is your best friend Alice?" Ethan asked.

"Don't know, Haven't much heard from her this year."

"I like her," Ethan said.

"You mean you wanna FUCK her," Joy said.

"Um ..."

"Don't deny it dude! Your wings are getting pink at the edges."

"Um ..."

She roughly rolled him over, pointed at his fresh twitching hardon and gave him a dubious look. "Like you said, it's like having your dick hanging out."

"Guilty." 

"Wanna do it?" she asked.

"Good god girl!" Ethan said.

"What can I say? You're a nymphomaniacs wet dream."

All serious, he said, "We promised Sarah and Kieth that you and I would discuss the tour and maybe come up with a new name the for the band."

"I like Angel's Nest," she said as she pushed him flat on his back, gripped his hardon and lowered herself onto him. She marveled at the way his pale wings spread out over most the king size hotel bed. 

Chapter Two Backstage

Byle, Ohio four months later. 

Up on the stage, the band Jesus Weeps finished their final set.

"Get them off the fucking stage," Lisa said to Jenna the stage manager of the Byle City College theater. Lisa Rider and Jenna Goldsmith were connected by headset. Jenna was backstage and Lisa in the control booth. 

"Who's up next?" Jenna asked. 

Lisa moaned. "Angel's Nest. Looks like another fucking Christian rock group."

Jenna rolled her eyes. This would be the third Christian rock band in a row. The previous Christian group sucked. The one now leaving the stage was marginally better due to their strong female singer, but in general, they sucked too. 

"Angel's Nest!" Jenna yelled. "You're up!" 

"Hope they're better than the loser's leaving the stage," Lisa said not hiding her contempt for the exiting band.

"Their female vocalist was really good." 

"Yeah," Lisa said, "but the rest of the band sucked the hind tit."

"The what?" Jenna asked.

"Farm expression. You wouldn't understand. I think that Christians should leave rock and roll to us sinners."

"Everyone has the right to expression," Jenna said.

"Three shitty Christian rock groups in a row? Give me a break!"

"We don't know if—" Jenna looked at her clipboard for the name again, "Angel's Nest is gonna be bad too."

"We should screen them next year. Limit there number. Hey, maybe we could ban Christian bands from the festival all together?"

"They're like any other rock band," Jenna said. "Just because you don't agree with their message doesn't make them less worthy."

"Oh, I got the message alright. Misogyny, homophobia, intolerance." 

"All voices heard," Jenna said flatly. 

"Yeah, the Byle Rock Festival's fucking motto," Lisa said. "Sometimes I crave censorship and unequal treatment." 

Jenna laughed. "You would be the FIRST to defend Jesus Weeps if anyone dared to silence them."

"Free speech is one thing ... shitty rock music is another."

"You have to admit, the name Jesus Weeps is kinda cool," Jenna said.

"I would have used Jesus Wept. Sounds catchier."

"I think there is a band called Jesus Wept already," Jenna said.

"Whatever," Lisa said. "Anyway, Jesus Weeps is still too cool a name for those losers. The Name would fit an all girl punk band better if you asked me."

Jenna laughed. "Dumb ass. I'll go check the mikes."

"All the christian bands have been white pasty people," Lisa said, "They NEED some black folk like you and me to add some soul."

"You can't dance and I can't sing for shit," Jenna said.

"I can dance."

"What you call dancing will get you a palsy drug prescription." 

The band members of Jesus Weeps walked passed Jenna. "Excuse me," Jenna said to get their attention but they ignored her.

"We rocked this house!" one of them said.

"Heard that," Lisa said to Jenna on the headset.

"The battle trophy is ours!" another said.

"No fucking way you dumb honky cracker," Lisa said.

"Stop it," Jenna said trying not to laugh. "And who says honky or cracker nowadays?" 

"We are not here for our own glory," the lead band member of Jesus Weeps said. "We are here to spread the word of Jesus. Let us pray for his blessing."

"Before you do that," Jenna said politely, "could you please remove your signs from the stage so that the next act can set up?" Ignoring her, the six member band, five guys and one girl, formed a circle and dropped to one knee. "Or not ..." Jenna said annoyed and exasperated.

"Fucking pricks," Lisa said in her ear.

The six members of the band bent their heads and closed their eyes. The smell of a men's cologne whiffed Jenna's way then a weird tingling crawled up her spine and she went all goosebumps. The odd smell of grilled steaks followed. She looked around for the source of the food smell. No food was allowed backstage. The female member of Jesus Weeps jerked her head up from her prayer. The girl looked around in confusion then she locked eyes with Jenna and wouldn't look away. 

What's up with her? Jenna wondered. Perplexed by her strange feelings and the girl's unflinching gaze, Jenna whispered to Lisa, "The chick from Jesus Weeps is staring at me."

"Maybe she likes black girl," Lisa joked.
