 Notes from the author: The character Jenna Goldsmith was mistakenly called Jenna Goldberg in parts 4 and 5. Sorry for the confusion. A reader asked me if Katrina House was a real singer. She is not. I made her up. All my characters are fictional creations. Any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental blah blah blah you know the rest. I was informed by another reader that there is no such place as Honolulu University. I know, I made that up too. I went to the university of Hawaii at Manoa and I used my old Alma mater as a template for Honolulu university. And as far as I know there is no labyrinth of WWII tunnels and bunkers under the Manoa campus. But wouldn't it be cool if there was? 

* 

Joy Maeda Honolulu business owner.

Three months ago.

Joy sat up in her Ala Wai Arms hotel room reading an article on her Kindle Fire on the do's and don'ts of opening a small business in Hawaii written by notable Hawaii economist Tadashi Kitigawa. The article was heavy on the don'ts bluntly stating that the failure rate of a small business was in the ninety six percentile.

"Thank you for the encouraging words Mr. Kitigawa," Joy said with a sigh. "I'm stupid if I think that I can own a business in Hawaii." But that was exactly what she planed on doing. Rudy and Casey Kahakaloha had agreed to rent her space in their two gyms to get her started. If that worked out, she'd rent or buy her own space. She was thinking of starting on Maui. In her mind's eye she envisioned her sign in gold, white and purple letters over the door, THE JOY OF YOGA.

An incredibly loud thump came from outside her hotel door bursting her bubble. She got up, tiptoed and looked out the peephole. Someone just below her vision fumbled around on the floor. Some drunk guy, she figured and went back to her bed. 

But what if it's an old person who fell and can't get up, her good girl side asked? 

She rolled her eyes, secured the safety slide and took a peek. All she could see was a pair of legs in in black sweatpants and cheep yellow rubber slippers. It was clearly a dude.

"You okay?" she asked cautiously.

"Joy?" the guy said.

"Ethan? What are you doing outside my door? Did you fall? How did you get by Ashley?"

Ethan was scheduled for a battery of tests tomorrow morning at the Honolulu University genetics department. Ashley grant, Ethan's cousin, worked at the university and had arranged for the tests. At dinner, Ashley made it clear that she had no faith in Ethan or Joy avoiding hanky panky so she had booked one of the rooms with twin beds and insisted that Ethan room with her. Ethan and Joy had complained loudly at Ashley's insulting attitude toward them. Now here he was proving her right by sniffing outside her door. 

"Is Ashley asleep? She's gonna be pissed that you came to see me." Joy shut the door, undid the slide and opened the door wide. "Have you been drinking? Lolo! You have some serious tests to—" Joy stopped speaking. Ethan's wings were a deep crimson and the edges almost black. She had never seen them so dark! Then a powerful wave of sexual tension hit her like a slap in the face.

"Wow," she said as she resisted the urge to undress right there in the hall. 

"I did it! I thought about you and came here!" he said all excited. He made to get to his feet. She rushed to his side to help him up. "Get my bag," he said. Next to him on the floor was a small bulging backpack.

Ignoring the super intense sex vibe rippling through her, she asked, "What lolo shit are you talking?" She grabbed the backpack and they slipped into her room. He immediately flopped on the bed face down. His wing rippling with reds and blacks way off the charts. "I'm gonna get Ashley," she said.

"No! I'm fine ... we need to talk."

She looked at him aghast. "Your wings are almost BLACK! You collapsed outside the door! You are NOT fine!"

"I NEED YOU TO LISTEN ME!" he yelled at her.

Joy paused. Ethan never yelled even when he was mad.

"Were am I?" he asked. His wings were lightening to red as he spoke.

"Did you hit your head?"

"Where am I," he asked again.

"Ala Wai Arms Hotel."

"Why am I here?" 

"Ethan—"

"WHY am I here?" he asked more forcefully. His wings faded to a light red. With the fading color went most of the sexual tension. 

"You just flew in from the Mainland," Joy said. "Tomorrow you go see Alyson Reese. 

He looked thoughtful. "Ashley's boss at the genetics department at the university," he said absently. 

"Yeah, they're gonna take samples of your blood, skin and wing fur for study."

Ethan's eyes went to the balcony door. "Oh shit," he whispered.

"What?" Joy asked looking at the balcony too. 

"Joy," he said. "Something REALLY weird is about to happen and I need you to stay calm and play along."

"Is this some kind of Joke?" she asked. "If it is I'm gonna kick your ass to Kaaawa then—" A crash outside on the balcony stopped her flapping.

Ethan took her by the shoulders and pulled her in almost nose to nose. "No matter WHAT happens, you are not crazy and I'll explain everything to you after you're done."

"Done with what?" she asked confused.

"Stay cool," he said and kissed her forehead. He slipped from view into the bathroom nook with his backpack. "Pretend you're asleep," he said from the shadowy nook. "And by the way we name the band Angel's Nest." 

"What the fuck?" she said. Her eyes went to the balcony. There was someone moving out there. Was it Ashley? How the hell did she get out there? Now way. Ashley just wasn't the joking type. But Kieth Haverdink Ethan's drummer was! Had to be him! But that didn't make any sense either? As far as Joy knew Kieth was back in Ohio. Would he fly his ass all this way just to pull a prank? 

The sliding door rattled. She flopped on her side and pretend to sleep. With her hair covering her face, she watched through slitted eyes as the sliding door to the balcony opened. A head poked in. It was Ethan! Impossible! What the fuck is going on! She was about to sit up and demand an explanation when she saw the Ethan ... the OTHER Ethan! peeping at her from the bathroom nook. His expression pleading for her to stay put.

I'm fucking dreaming. Gotta be!

It took balcony Ethan forever to open the sliding door. Clearly he was trying to be quiet about it. When he finally worked his way into the room, the air conditioner kicked in starling him. She squeezed her eyes shut. 

Gonna wake up soon, she reasoned. 

She opened her eyes and watched Ethan slowly close the door. What is he doing? Then she remembered that in a text after dinner he had concocted this fantasy that he would jump the balcony railing, sneak into her room and ravage her in her sleep. She had dared him to do it, positive he wouldn't. His wings were a deep pink the edges bright red, a normal state when he was sexually turned on and nothing like the shocking maroon and black from a couple of minutes ago. 

Then she felt the vibe. It started as a light tingling at the center of her spine then quickly spread through out her body with the usual hot spots at her crotch, nipples, butt hole and the left side of her neck. The vibe was strong but with a little focus she could think through it. Over this last year she had developed a tolerance to the effect of his wings. Then weirdly the vibe came at her again and this time it was impossible to ignore. 

Because I have TWO winged sex angels to contend with in this silly dream she mused. No more manapua before bed! She blaming this crazy dream on the red dye in her favorite fatty pork pastry snack. She had scarfed three just before bed. 

Done closing the balcony door, Ethan came to the bed. Dream or not, this was kind of fun she mused. She shut her eyes to keep the game rolling. He delicately brush the hair from her face. Nothing happened for a few seconds. She did her best not to smile because she knew that he was studying her. The fact that she was Japanese turned him on to no end. He claimed he couldn't get enough of her face or her long dark hair and her slim tiny figure. Finally he touched her by gently nudged her onto her back. He then took each of her arms and lay them over her head.

"Stay asleep," he whispered. She could hear the excitement in his voice. He tugged at her shirt and slowly exposed her A-cups to the cool air of the hotel room. 

Does he really expect me to sleep through this? she wondered. This is stupid! Just fuck me! As he worked on her panties, she went through all the possible psychological explanations for the other Ethan hiding in the bathroom. Ever since meeting Ethan her sex life had been spectacular. They weren't exclusive ... neither of them wanted that. But had she change her mind? Did she want him all to herself? Or more alarming ... am I in love? It wasn't the first time that the 'L' word had crossed her mind when it came to Ethan. Love or not, why the fuck am I dreaming having two of him? 

The panties were off and she rolled onto her belly to entice him with her tight little ass that he never got bored looking at. Enough! She rolled on her back and sat up. He stood before her naked and fully erect. Normally her eyes would go to his gorgeous wings to gauge his interest but she looked passed him to the the bathroom nook behind him. Her heart skipped for the other Ethan still stood there peeping out. If naked Ethan at the foot of the bed would turn around they'd be looking into each others eyes. 

"Were you awake the whole time?" naked Ethan asked.

The Ethan in the bathroom nook made a gesture for her to roll with the conversation. 

She gave a nervous titer. "You made enough noise to wake the dead," she said. "And I can't believe you jumped the balcony. Are you that lolo? If Ashley found out she'll kick your ass."

Bathroom Ethan edged a little into the light. He put a finger to his lips and shook his head, clearly asking her to keep quiet about his presents.

Doubting her sanity and hoping to god that this was just a dream, she played along. After more pointless small talk she and naked Ethan played out the fantasy. They masturbated with her on her back on the bed, him standing at the end with his now bright red wings spread wide. It was a impressive view. Her eyes flickered to the hidden Ethan in the nook watching her wank with great interest. Most of his wings were hidden from view but from what she could see, his wings were red too. 

Crazy shit man. But she had to admit, nuts or not, she had never been was sooooo turned on. She pushed all thoughts of her fractured sanity aside as her orgasm entered the building. It came at her like a heat seeking missile and exploded out from the center of her being. Totally consumed by the hot and dirty moment, she yelled, "Come on me! Come on my face and tits!"

He straddled her at the waist and sprayed her beautiful Japanese face saving just a token for her tiny heaving chest. 

After a small respite, he was ready to go again. From experience, Joy knew he was good for at least two more goes. The dude was every nymphomaniacs wet dream. But being up and ready a minute after ejaculating? This was a new thing.

"You are putting it out tonight," he said to her as he beheld his fresh new erection with awe.

"Yeah," she said. Briefly, she locked eyes with the other Ethan in the bathroom nook. To the Ethan straddling her she said, "Shut up and fuck me." He eagerly fell on her and heedless of the mess on her face, he kissed her than entered her. With him deep inside her pounding away, she watched with astonishment as the Ethan in the bathroom slip into the room, casually slid open the balcony door, step out and shut the door again. 

Weirdly, she smelled horses mixed in with a men's cologne coming at her from the bathroom nook. A couple of years back she had gone to the Big Island of Hawaii with Ashley. They stayed at a ranch that belonged to a friend of Ashley's dad. On the first morning, they went out on a horse ride with a group of people. An hour into the ride, Joy's horse became uncooperative and she was forced to ride double with one of the ranch hands. He was a poniolo, a Hawaiian cowboy, manly, ruggedly handsome and smelled great. It had been a very stimulating ride back to the ranch. Nothing ever happened with the guy but she never quite let go of that unique sexy scent of manly cologne mixed in with horse. The smell thing wasn't so unusual. Ethan's wings constantly triggered olfactory sexual memories with her. But still, this just added to the craziness. Apparently crazy was the word of the day. Can you say total bat shit lolo boys and girls? 

Her second orgasm slammed into her. Impatiently, she coaxed him out of her, slid off the bed and went into the bathroom nook. Naked Ethan followed probably thinking that she wanted to see the gooey mess he had made on her face and body. She didn't give a rat's ass about that. The cowboy animal smell lingered in the space. For some reason the smell more than anything convinced her that this was not a dream. But still, she wanted hard evidence of the other Ethan's existence. And there it was. Resting next to her suitcase was the over stuffed backpack the balcony Ethan had with him in the hall. 

Okay ... not dreaming but Am I crazy? 

Ethan gripped himself and entered her from behind as they faced the big dressing mirror. Offering no resistance, she bent forward and rested her elbows on the counter for support. In no mood for genteel love making, she gave his right thigh a sharp slap. Answering to her violent demand, he went at her hard and fast, the reflection of her face smeared with his spunk urged him on. 

His wings moved frantically brushing her back, ass and shoulders. In moments she came again. Unabashed tears flowed down her face mingling with his semen. She pulled away from him, turned and hugged him ferociously. Then she dropped to her knees before him. 

"Cum on my face," she told him.

In mindless lustful joy, he etched her upturned Japanese face with fresh lines of creamy white. 

******** 

As Ethan lay sound asleep, Joy Maeda sat cross legged staring at the balcony door trying to decide what to do. He's not out there, she thought. It's the pheromone whatevers his wings put out. Ashley worries that I'm getting over exposed. Maybe she's right I'm getting too much of it and it's fucking with my head.

She slipped off the bed, put on panties and a t-shirt and went into the bathroom nook. All she smelled was fresh hotel soap, the cowboy and animal sent now just a memory. She hefted the backpack onto the counter and undid the flap.

"Holy shit," she whispered.

The backpack was filled with stacks of hundred dollar bills. She closed the flap, put the bag on the floor again then went to the balcony door and slid it open. There was no one there.

"Lolo," she said to herself greatly relieved and turned to go back in.

"Had fun?" came a voice from the balcony next door. 

Ethan stood up from the chair he sat in. The yellow light from the balcony fixture danced along the edges of his wings. Sometimes he seemed like a being from another realm.

"You can't be real," she said sternly almost wishing him away.

"What did you name the band?"

"Angel's Nest," she said softly. "Tell me what's going on. And what is all that money about?"

"Come over," he said. "Best to do this face to face."

"I'm not jumping over there!" she said. 

"Use the door stupid head," he said.

"Oh ... right. What about Ashley?"

"Sound asleep ... just be quiet."

She went back into the room. She paused to stare at Ethan ... the other Ethan ... laying on his side breathing deeply. She seriously considered crawling in with him, spooning behind him, burying herself in his wings to let blessed sleep rule her. "When I wake up all will be normal," she reasoned aloud. 

She didn't crawl in. Instead, she pulled the covers from his legs and inspected his feet. Satisfied, she went to the door. Out in the hall she bumped into Dr. Who and the Amazing Spider-Man. She took the odd encounter in stride for this she knew wasn't a dream. 

The Honolulu science fiction and comic convention was in town. Ashley had picked this weekend to fly Ethan in to use the CON as cover to move him about without drawing too much attention to his wings. The Ala Wai Arms was listed as the go to hotel for the convention. Dr. Who tipped his hat to her and Spider-man gave her a web slinging pose.

Fucking geeks, she thought as they walked by. She pulled at her shaka t-shirt. It came down to mid thigh but she still felt exposed with just panties beneath. After one quick knock Ethan opened the door shirtless wearing the black sweatpants with the words Ballinger High School Track down one leg. He stepped aside to let her in. They tiptoed passed Ashley sleeping soundly in her bed and went out onto the balcony. The moment the door closed, Joy pointed at him and said, "Twins!"

"Joy," he said trying to sound patient, "this ain't a day time soap opera."

"I can prove it," she said. "Sit on the deckchair! Stretch out your legs."

He sighed and obeyed. 

"The Ethan I know has a distinct 'C' shaped scar on the bottom of his left foot. He got it last year after stepping on a—" 

"Broken bottle in the sand at Lake Oliver," he finished for her. "It looks like the Chicago Cubs logo." 

"Right!" she said triumphantly as she grabbed his left ankle and held the foot aloft. "And you sir have ... the exact same scar? Oh my God!" She dropped his leg and covered her mouth.

"I'm from the future," he said. 

Joy slapped him across the face.

"What the hell woman!" he yelled.

She slapped him again. "Sorry! Sorry! She said quickly after the second slap. "I'm just a little freaked out!"

"How do you think I feel!' he said as he rubbed his right cheek.

She reached out to sooth his stinging face. He flinched. She rolled her eyes. "Didn't hit you THAT hard."

"I think you loosen some teeth."

"Did not. Stand up stupid head," she said.

"What you gonna do?" he asked suspicious of more violence.

"You expect me to just take your word for it that you're Ethan Grant from the future? Noway, I need concrete proof" she said. 

He got to his feet. "You know, the last two people I shared this with were MUCH more accepting not to mention nonviolent."

They tiptoed passed sleeping Ashley, slipped into the hall and raced back into Joy's room. 

"Fuck," she whispered as they stood over sleeping Ethan. One wing was trapped under him, the other loose and flexing as he breathed deeply. 

"Wanna compare our feet?" he asked 

She shook her head. He tugged at her to leave the room. She resisted. "What will happen if I wake him?" she whispered. 

"Don't know," he said. "Change history I guess."

"Why would that change history?" she asked.

"Because I don't recall ever running into myself." 

"Will the universe come to an end if I do?" she asked.

He shrugged. 

The Ethan on the bed stirred and rolled over to face them, his eyes flickered open. Joy jumped into bed with him and future Ethan dropped to the floor.

"You talking to somebody?" sleepy Ethan asked. 

"Keith and Dorothy on my cell," she lied.

"Tell Kieth he's a fucking dork," he said. Her eyes went to his wings that darkened before her eyes. "Wanna do it again?" he asked more asleep then awake.

"Um ... I'm kind of worn out and you have to rest for the future." She flinched for using the word FUTURE.

He grunted. "Fuck the future." He grabbed her hand and guided it to his remarkable third erection. 

As she stroked him, she peeped over the bed where future Ethan lay with his wings pulled in tight. She gave him a wild eyed panicked look. He returned the look then made the universal sign for a blowjob. 

No! she mouthed silently.

"Let's do it," sleepy Ethan said and he made to sit up. 

"I''ll blow you," she said quickly and pushed him back down.
