 It had been a long, drawn out day for Nanarie. She was tired, having hunted all over the plains. Her party had already broken up and headed for home and she was a long way from hers. Nanarie decided to rest beside the waters' edge before returning. She laid her new staff, a gift from Malicon, beside her as she sat, the water lapping at her boots. It looked inviting. 

She removed her form fitting boots and slid her feet into the chilling waters. She laid her head back with a soft sigh, enjoying the easing comforts it brought to her aching feet. The thought of laying her robe next to the staff and immersing herself was very tempting, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She felt the waters part around her flesh and quickly looked down at the water. With a gasp realized there was someone under it!

Malicon's head appeared between her naked feet with a grin. The look of surprise on her face was quickly replaced with a smile.

"I thought you were going home," she said.

"I was."

The ranger's look of mischief was hard not to notice. His torso emerged from the waters surface, the sun gleaming on his chest. Nanarie's breath quickened slightly. He was naked! Moreover, he was magnificent! She should've torn her eyes away, but she couldn't.

"Join me." Malicon raised his arms out to help her into the water.

"No, I don't think so." She wished she hadn't said it, but fear would keep her from her desire, and out of trouble. 

"I don't want to ruin my new robe." She needed a quick explanation. He laughed at her, a rumble that came from deep in his chest. 

"Then take it off." A simple statement, but it held a hidden meaning, sparkling in his eyes. Thoughts churned in her head, she wanted to join him so badly, after all isn't this what she desired, what she wanted? It did look inviting, and he had always been her protector. She felt safe with Mal, knowing no harm would come to her with him around, Malicon ran his hands up each of her feet, grasping a hold of her calves. His hands felt strong and rough against her delicate flesh, hidden beneath the edge of her glorious red robe. 

"Don't make me do it," he growled at her. He wouldn't, would he? Her mouth opened in mock horror that he would pull her in and get her robe all wet.

"Alright, alright." She put her hands up in defense. "Just don't pull me in!" Malicon didn't know what he was in for now.

With a true dark elf grin, she stood from her resting spot. She turned her back to him and slowly ran her hand down her shoulder, catching the sleeve of her robe with her fingers. She was going to make Malicon pay for his teasing with a little teasing of her own. She slowly slid her arm from its confines and turned to the other. With both her arms released, the top fell to her waist, exposing her soft, supple flesh beneath.

As she came into full view, she could feel Mal's eyes burning into her back. The desire grew inside her, sensing that his thoughts matched hers. She played with the one button that held her skirt on; it gave, the cloth fell into a heap at her feet. She heard a sharp breath behind her. Apparently, he liked the view. An evil grin spread her face as she stood there in her naked glory, her smooth, dark skin warmed by the sunlight. She reached up and released her red hair from its ribbon; it tumbled down her back like silk. She tossed a look over her shoulder at him, lust flared in her eyes as they met his. As she turned to face him, she could see him drinking her in. Her breasts lay heavy and firm against her chest, stomach taut from years of hunting, and her mound freshly shaven, legs dainty and soft. 

With a wanton gaze, he reached a hand out to her. She placed her hand in his as he led her from the shore. Her body seemed to move with one fluid motion, hips swaying as she stepped into the chilling waters.

The deeper into the water she went, the more nervous she became. She squelched it back, determined to ignore it. It splashed against her hips, caressing her body. A quick wave sent her off balance, and with a high pitch screech, she found herself in Malicon's warm embrace. 

"Couldn't wait to get into my arms, aye?" he laughed. Nanarie picked her head up to meet his, their faces inches apart. "You've enchanted me." his voice suddenly serious and filled with lust. She could feel his body against hers. His arms were so comforting around her, his growing desire beneath the waters surface impossible to disguise. It only served to heighten the electricity in the waters. Her lips parted slightly, drawn to him. She quickly leaned in for a hungry kiss. She felt his arms tighten around her, drawing her closer. He kissed her back with the same hunger, as if they had been starving for it all along.

It was as if a roaring wave had been released within the couple, freeing them to explore their desires. The kiss broke with a soft groan. Malicon's hands reached up and grasped her shoulders from behind, his hands slowly pulling her back to expose her chest to him. His warm lips spread kisses down her neck and onto her beautiful, firm breasts. Nanarie's head lay back as she enjoyed the moment His lips burning her flesh as he laid them softly upon each nipple. They quickly became erect under his skillful tongue, pink buds begging for his attention. The cold water rushed between them as he released her from his mouth. She brought her head back to stare into his eyes and she felt him stiff and ready against her. 

There was no turning back. She knew what she needed. Nanarie shifted her body to bring her legs around Malicon's hips, hugging him and locking her feet behind him, daring him to try to let her go, or tell her to stop. He did neither. He pressed himself to her. 

She could feel him hot and begging for entrance into her. With one swift thrust, she brought her hips down, taking him all at once. She gasped as he entered, thick and hard and filled her body with searing heat. She noticed a devilish look from him and it was all she needed.

Her nails dug into his shoulders as she lifted her hips, releasing him from her tight confines, allowing him only a touch. The cool water rushed between them. Malicon's hands left her shoulders, caressing their way down and seizing her hips. He quickly pulled her back down upon him, He effortlessly glided in and out, filling her aching body, and causing shudders of pleasure to overcome her. Thoughts drifted from her mind as she savored the wave mounting within. 

Malicon's pace quickened, and Nanarie bit her lip to keep from crying out in ecstasy. The water turned warm around their steaming bodies, hugging them as they lost themselves in pleasure. It sprayed against his chest and as they collided together, ran down between her breasts. Soft moans escaped Nanarie's throat as she rode her Ranger, losing control, needing everything he had inside her. Enchanters never gave up their control willingly for it was their lifeline. She had entrusted her life to this man before. This time she laid it before him, giving it all away for the force of his lust inside her. 

She tightened her body around him, squeezing him inside her as she felt him moan and thrust deeper as he came closer to release, the waves of pleasure started to overpower her. Her body tingling with delight, threatening her will to hold back her inevitable release.

Malicon pounded deeper and harder into her. She was so hot around him, her muscles gone tight within. "Malicon." his name came from deep in her chest as she moaned in pleasure. It was a losing battle; the first wave over took her with a blast that shook her body. Her nails dug deeper into his shoulders. She needed him faster, wanted him deeper. She could feel him slamming into her body, drawing her deeper into her abyss of pleasure. 

With a long, mighty thrust Nanarie felt him release inside her. All resistance was gone. Her screams echoed across the valley as an animal desire took over her movements, forcing the final, powerful shock from deep inside Her body. She squeezed every drop he had to give into her.

A soft grin spread across Malicon's face as her body started to relax against him, her energy spent. Nanarie laid her head against his shoulder, reveling in the comfort of his arms. As his hands left their perch at her hips, she felt herself starting to slip into the water. She gasped and grabbed hold of him.

"Don't worry, your not going anywhere." She sensed a hidden meaning in his words.

"I know." but she didn't release her grip, coming back to the reality that they were, in fact, still in the water. It was a very real danger to her. She bit her lip to hold back a moan of disappointment as he slipped from inside her. With one swoop, he had her in his arms, carrying her from the water. Beads of wetness dripped from their bodies as they lay naked upon the shore.

"Now I'm all wet, how ever am I to get back into my robe?" sarcasm laced her voice.

"Hmm, let me think on that.."