 Peering out of the shower cubicle Bridget made sure the changing room was clear, not wanting to be caught naked by the maintenance men. That's all she needed was for rude jokes to go round the company about the 'new girl'. Not that she was ashamed of her figure. It was usual for men to give her a second glance but where she came from habits were a little old fashioned when it came to nudity.

***

She had only just left university and hit planet Rideon and Core Products Corporation running. There was certain resentment against this attractive young woman from earth taking over the department but it was tolerable and she was beginning to win them round. What they didn't know was that she had taken a course of drugs called Rapid Learn. It enhanced learning and memory capabilities, enabling her to adapt to the new environment as well as the organisations intricacies in rapid order.

Everyone else had left the office, leaving her working hard to complete a report, expecting the new girl to arrive at the office party late. They had laughed behind her back at the bad impression it would make before the directors, who expected her to be there early to greet the members of her department. Bridget knew it was meant as a joke and had bore their new-girl teasing but this time couldn't resist the challenge, so planned ahead.

As soon as the report was finished she ran to the maintenance section throwing her clothes into a spare locker together with a makeup bag and towel. She listened carefully just in case someone had guessed what she was up to. The silence was broken by the usual clonk of machinery reverberating from the huge hangers serving the main docks. 

The automated system loading the warehouse transports would be unattended this evening with everyone at the function. The maintenance guys would be on call but she had guessed right, they too were preparing themselves, for a free drinking session paid for by the corporation. 

This way she wouldn't need to make her way back to the dormitory block so with a quick change she hoped to be ready on time right here in the office and maintenance block. She couldn't wait to see their faces. She wondered who would be pleasantly surprised and who would be disappointed that she made it on time. 

Padding across the warm plastic floor she looked for the open locker door among the bottom row. "It was right in the middle here. I'm sure." Bridget whispered to herself. Everything was in the locker, a new dress and makeup, even the office clothes she had been wearing. Everything was in the locker. "The keys!" She groaned. 

She kicked at the door but it would do no good for it had shut itself and wouldn't open until Monday morning or with a pass. With the pass locked inside she was trapped. "Don't panic. Think this thing through." She said out loud trying to be firm and positive. "There's another passkey in my office so I just need to get there, somehow. How the hell am I going to get back into the office block without a passkey?" She screeched, flapping her arms around. 

Still naked and wet she was going to have to brave the cold of the warehouse and make her way through it to the offices. This building complex was one huge cube; mostly underground, with only the top section above ground, where she was now. The warehouse dock was used for interplanetary shipments and transhipments to the mines. 

The mines were the whole reason the corporation was there and the rationale behind this building being situated half way round the planet from them was to be as far away from the explosive, noisy, dirty mines as possible. The executives said it was less dangerous but they didn't want to be near the dirty noisy mines or the dirty noisy miners either.

No good. The main door was sealed. She padded on bare feet to the side door but that needed a pass and so did the way she had come in to the section. The engineering office was closed which was frustrating for they were sure to have left a pass lying around. 

Following the service corridor she tried to remember the layout of this section from the first week of induction. The warehouse doors were sealed too. "Yes! Rapid Learn pills thank you!" She recalled all that had been said by the boring men showing her around. On this side of the main doors were delivery shoots. 

They were tubes where goods could be slid from this upper floor down to the loading bay. From there she could make her way to the delivery office to search out a spare passkey. Working her way back to the washroom from the office would be simple with her spare passkey. 

Selecting the right one was easy for they were labelled. Looking down into the blackness of the tunnel she wondered if it was wise to even try it. Unable to see the bottom, as it curved outward, was worrying but she took some comfort from the curve meaning it wasn't a straight drop. 

Besides, she remembered there was some kind of netting to catch whatever was dropped down it. The label read Advance Robots. "That was it. Repaired and new robots are slid down here onto the main floor. They wouldn't risk dropping them they're too valuable." She said with a smile. "I might just make it on time."

With her hands under her bottom it was just possible to hold back to slide gently down and even if her weight took her down too fast there was plenty of padding at the bottom to break the fall. "Desperate times call for desperate actions." She murmured. 

Taking one more look she tried to remember how steep the last few feet were. A few shuffles with her hands under her, protecting her bare bottom were successful, until the wetness pooled under her. A sudden slip left her sliding out of control. 

With a squeaking slide she glided down the pitch-black tunnel into the poorly lit delivery room. She felt like a newborn baby emerging into a new life. Something had slowed the descent relieving the fear of crashing downward out of control. The tunnel had narrowed and she was caught in a soft part of it, or so she thought. 

Trying to force a way down further to escape it she gently slipped out of the tunnel completely. Swaying silently for a moment, in bewilderment, she tried to fathom what had happened. Hardly able to move she looked up and to the sides examining the bendy tunnel.

A tube of flexible plastic was attached to the end of the tunnel to catch and wrap products dropped down it from the floor above. The more she struggled the tighter it became. With her arms pressed to her sides she felt stupid hanging there like an Egyptian mummy wrapped in an elasticised sheath. 

The machinery was still humming with a quiet drone like bees on a warm summer day. Below was soft padding and the scales to figure a products weight.

She thought for a moment trying to recall the day of the tour. "If I manage to hit the pad underneath me what happens then?" The answer cam to her mind; the machine would be activated to cut the sheath from the tunnel letting her fall onto the padding, if it was still switched on. She could then roll free. A bit risky but at least she wouldn't be hanging there on display.

Being found trussed naked like that would be so humiliating she would never live it down; it would haunt her career forever. The cold brought her nipples to hard swollen peaks, they always swelled large out of proportion with her small breasts, and she couldn't even bring her arms around to cover them. 

Her first choice would have been to protect her pussy if both arms hadn't been pinned to her sides. The men would make the most of the ridiculous situation so she had to take the chance. 

Wriggling violently forced her body deeper into its clutches until she heard a click followed by the whir of an electric motor, the hiss of pneumatics. Hanging perfectly still she held her breath watching an arm curve round just above her head. It sliced cleanly through the wrapping for her to drop neatly onto the soft padding. She lay panting gathering the courage to squirm off the platform onto the floor. 

"So far, so good." She said out loud trying to regain some confidence. 

Wriggling one way then the other was useless as the raised sides were too steep to roll over. She could feel the wrapping had been sealed tightly above her head and below her feet sealing her into the tight cocoon. Feeling the platform move she groaned in dismay. Trussed like a Christmas tree she knew the only course was to brave out whatever happened next.

Rolled onto a conveyor belt she watched the delivery department slowly pass by from a totally new perspective. Rolled onto a cold metal slab her head was pressed against a stop with another barrier pushing at her feet. She instinctively stiffened her body terrified of being compressed. The pressure upon her body was slight but that small relief was short lived as she was tipped into a container of soft foam. She watched in terror as another block of foam descended upon her, muffling a cry of alarm. 

Turning her head sideways she managed not to be smothered. Wriggling frantically she found it was impossible to escape. She was entombed. Determined to preserve what little air there was she concentrated all effort into relaxing. Humming a mantra helped but the sense of helplessness threatened to overwhelm her.

With little desperate gasps she found it was possible to breath, which was about all she could do with sight and sound denied and only the slightest movement possible. What was happening to her was sinking in; the initial panic had subsided. She had chosen to slip down a shoot that conveniently fitted. Unfortunately it was the right size because it was used for robots, or manikins, or whatever they called them. 

So now she was packed ready for shipping out to a customer. "Oh! No!" She squealed, at the thought she might end up at a mine being unwrapped by a rough miner. She tried to calm herself knowing there wouldn't be any shipping instructions on her particular crate. 

She would have to stay there, trussed tightly over the whole weekend waiting for someone in shipping for release. The prospect of being mummified for a whole weekend was frightening. The thought of being unpacked by a colleague was terrifying. She screamed in panic and passed out.

Bridget's container was unexpectedly in the way so was shunted by the others off a conveyor belt onto a trolley. A string of automated trolleys moved across the smooth concrete surface following a buried directional cable until coming to rest inside the loading dock, behind heavy steel doors. Within seconds the doors opened upward with huge counter weights gently sliding in the opposite direction. Each of the trolleys in a long string moved out to slide precisely into a waiting transport. 

Two hours later the delivery destination was reached after a ballistic flight halfway around the planet. The automated shuttle wasn't designed for human comfort but there had been enough air in the hold to keep her alive. Unfortunately the excessive forces in reaching escape velocity did have an effect, somewhat like concussion. 

If there had been an emergency medical manual available it would have stated: After a few days of rest the confusion and disorientation will wear off and any memory loss will probably be restored once back in familiar surroundings. 

Unloading was a smooth operation except for the human element. "I can't take delivery this early I've got to get to bed. I need my rest." Bob protested. 

The automated delivery vehicle couldn't listen; it just patiently waited until the last item was removed. Any delay made by a truculent human added an extra delivery-time charge to the cost of goods but Bob was merely shooting off his mouth to cover the frustration of his job. Even as he protested the first box was being slid out of the compartment directly into the back of an untidy room that was used for deliveries, a workshop and Bob's play area. 

This was the business end of the planet where mining operations produced the export wealth of a 'get rich quick' mob of humans. However, this building had nothing to do with mining, it was one of the few necessary service operations huddled around the mines dormitories. An admin office, warehouse, bar, restaurant, brothel and some half hearted attempt at a sports facility made up the mining camp on the surface.

The crates had been unceremoniously shoved into the bare room, so now it only remained to sign off a delivery instruction to release the vehicle upon its way. A thumb was pressed upon the console and as an afterthought he turned to count the crates. "I thought so. There's one too many. Infallible machine are you! Damn!" Bob said to a sealed door. The hatch had sealed itself allowing the vehicle to silently withdraw. "Well, Core Products can pay for its collection. It's not going down on my expenses." He muttered.

Pointing the console at each crate in turn he checked the contents until coming to one without a model number. Each displayed an identical address code, this building, except the model numbers were different and this one was very different, it was blank. Bob had a lucrative franchise despite the heavy costs of robotics and absolutely everything having to be imported.

"Funny." He said out load to no one. "Perhaps it's that new experimental model I've been promised." He sighed. On his own too often brought out many strange little habits, especially having to deal with robots all the time and talking to himself was one of them. They were very poor company but could be talked to without returning criticism. This lack of a candid response didn't help to curtail a person's developing bad habits. 

Bob in particular had come to prefer this arrangement especially when miners raucously pointed out his foibles. "Well I'm human am I not?" He would complain. "Miners you call yourselves. Your hands aren't even dirty. You use robots as much as I do." He wanted to tell them. 

Robot indeed! That certainly wasn't a word to be used here it was strictly taboo. It wasn't exactly a preferred business practise to criticise your own services either. Besides, they are automatons, autos, synchs, plastic people, PP's, not robots. Whatever name they liked he would use while they paid for the service but generally a far subtler introduction was used.

The seals had been removed upon delivery leaving the box lids to be slid off ready for unpacking. He still hated the removal and preparation process. An experienced auto unpacked the new arrivals while he shot aliens on a console. Each of the new autos were standing patiently waiting in a line while he bent to the task of increasing his average score. "Damn! That surprise ship killed me." He swivelled in the chair seeing them for the first time. "Wow!" He exclaimed. At the end of the line was an imperfect woman rather than the usual perfect robot. 

"So this is the new model. They were right this is really something!" He whistled a low sound of admiration. The autos were always disorientated needing a little time to adjust to the new environment, though this one seemed unusually inept. He thought perhaps this new model might have some glitches and that's why it had been sent to him on a free trial. They probably considered the miners would accept anything way out here beyond civilisation.

"Commissioning procedure, commence." He quoted to the first of them lined up like naked soldiers on parade. Pointing to each in turn he gave them a name read off a prepared list and each responded in turn. 

"Yes, sir." 

He hesitated before the new model unused to such a real looking thing. Imperfect, was a word that came to mind leading directly to a name. "Your name is Angel." He said. Now it was his turn to wait while it struggled to respond. 

"Yes, Sir." Bridget finally spoke, imitating the others. Unable to think where she was and what it was she was supposed to be doing was a trying experience. She couldn't think straight, couldn't even recall her name. Angel would do for the moment. If she remembered taking the pills she would have known the Rapid Learn would help become attuned to this new environment. 

It looked more disorientated than any he had seen before. Maybe it had a program as sophisticated as it looked which would explain the trouble it had in adjusting. Each of the new ones stated their function, part of the standard check, and when it came to the last in line Angel copied their words. More assuredly this time she said. "I am an automaton ready for orders. I wish only to serve. My function is to satisfy my masters in every way possible." Bridget quoted.

Bob nodded more satisfied now it seemed to be operational.

"Good. That's what I like to hear. Everything working correctly so far, next thing is to put you through a physical test. I don't want you upsetting the customers with faulty behaviour patterns or some physical defect." He said, not expecting a response.  

"Girly, your first. Lie on the bench there and spread your legs." He directed the first in line. He picked up a tool in the shape of a penis and handed it to the auto helping out. "Jane. Put each of these new ones through the test procedure. Do you know what to do?" He asked needlessly. The auto named Jane responded. "Yes sir. Procedure A2050, physical examination."

"Dexterity, strength, etcetera, etcetera, yes I know. Just get on with it." He interrupted it. 

"OK! Give me a call when completed." He shot over his shoulder leaving them to it. Before the miner's next shift ended he would attempt to get some sleep.

Standing poised over the one named Girly, Jane began the standard procedure. "This phallic tool will measure your dexterity and strength. You must treat this as you would a human penis. I do not need to remind you to treat it with care." Girly accepted it and slid it deep inside between her legs. 

"Each of you must observe the procedure." Jane told the others. "Enough." Jane commanded, taking the tool in hand to take readings. First Jane cleaned the device then re-set it. This time it was slid up the rear aperture fashioned like an anus. Again Jane went through the standard method of cleaning it and taking a note of the measurements. Lastly it was swallowed and more measurements taken. "Your bite was one percent too hard. Please adjust." The auto Jane ordered. 

The test process continued with each in turn until at last Angel was summoned. Jane hesitated unsure of how to approach this new machine. The master had named it and addressed it as one of them but there was something wrong. Jane had never seen a female human, so overcame the hesitation to continue as ordered. 

Angel was hesitant throughout the process but followed the others lead doing as they had done. "Your anus is too tight. You will have to loosen it before going into service. Instructions will be issued later." Jane stated. They continued with further tests designed to measure their dexterity as well as to ensure they wouldn't harm their human masters with uncontrolled strength. Angel didn't measure up to some of the standards and this was noted.

***

Bob contacted the supplier for more details on the new model but on the other side of the planet it was night so all he could manage to raise was the help line. "If it is an emergency I can put you through to the duty officer." The computer responded. It was no use reasoning with a computer even to a sophisticated model that could solve problems with questions and answers. 

He would have to wait until it was morning over there. He didn't have the new model reference and it didn't seem to be on their records or on the delivery note. Without a model number there wasn't much chance of getting its specifications. He dare not put it to work without knowing what it was capable of. If it hurt someone there would be trouble, maybe even loss of business revenue. On the other hand if it turned out to be a popular model then extra charges could be levered out of the customers.
