 'Space Oddity' by David Bowie played on the stage. Kat House sung lead, Sarah Logan and Ashley Grant backed her up.

"Give me a deep blue scrim," Jenna said to Lisa in the booth. "Slow fade in on stage right."

"Fading in," Lisa said. "Up full in twenty seconds."

"Is he doing the full eagle?" Jenna asked. From her station back stage she couldn't see center stage and needed Lisa's eyes.

"We got full eagle," Lisa said.

"Give me the strobe when the drums come in hot," Jenna said.

"Kieth is a drumin'. Strobe on."

"Give me a black sky with stars!" Jenna yelled to be heard over Kieth's drumming. "Kill the lights! Only strobe!"

"Black sky! Stars! No lights! Only strobe!" Lisa echoed.

Kat's powerful voice filled the air.

"Kill strobe! Lights on full!" Jenna yelled.

"Your twisted fantasies are my command!" Lisa yelled. "Ethan looks awesome!"

"Bring down this fucking house Kat!" Jenna yelled.

"She is bring it down!" Lisa yelled and laughed.

The lead guitar suddenly stopped on stage but the rest of the band raged on.

"I lost the guitar, Lisa," Jenna said all business. "Tell me what's up?"

"All my levels are normal," Lisa said.

"Is he unplugged?"

"My board says all is fine on stage. Ethan's just not playing."

"What the hell is he doing?" Jenna asked. 

"He's just standing there," Lisa said. "Oh my God! He fell! Ethan is down!"

Jenna tore off her headset and rushed onto the stage. Lisa killed all sound and brought up the work lights. Ashley, Joy and Sarah were already at Ethan's side. Others came from off stage most of them stage security and theater stagehands even a few audience members had hopped up on the apron. 

"Keep everyone back!" Sarah Logan yelled.

With so many people milling on stage someone was bound to step on Ethan's wings. His wings were far from delicate but not immune to trampling. "Back off!" Jenna yelled going into crowd control mode. "Security! Clear those people out.

Lisa's voice came on the overhead god mike. "A band member is injured! Please remain in your seats!"

A woman near the stage shouted, "I'm an emergency room nurse!"

"Let her up!" Jenna yelled.

The woman pushed her way to the edge of the stage and two security guys helped her on.

"Give him room," the woman said.

Everyone pulled away except Joy Maeda. Ethan's upper body was cradled in her lap. 

The nurse put her hand at Ethan's throat then she forced opened his right eye. "Is he using anything?" the woman asked.

"No," Joy said. "he barely drinks."

"Don't lie to me little girl," the nurse said. "I can't help if you lie."

"Not lying," Joy said. "I'm twenty six don't call me little girl."

The woman ran her hands over Ethan's left wing. "Get this off him," the nurse said in a stern voice.

"Can't," Joy said.

"Don't sass me. Get this thing off him now." It was clear the woman was accustom to barking orders and even more accustom to people doing her bidding without question.

"It's part of him," Jenna said.

"Is it glued on?" the woman asked as her hand slipped behind Ethan to locate where the wings were connected.

"Be careful, they're real," Joy said flatly.

"Don't mess with—" the woman started to say but stopped when her hand made contact where Ethan's wings and back met. She frowned, rocked him forward on Joy's lap to get a closer look at how Ethan's wings were attached. "Fuck me baby," she whispered. 

Only Joy and Jenna heard her. The woman recovered quickly and was all business again. "His breathing is shallow, heartbeat slow. Better get him to a hospital fast." The woman's eyes met Joy's. "Will it hurt his wings if we lay him flat?" She asked gently. 

"You can lay him down," Joy said as she shimmied out from under Ethan's upper body.

********* 

Jenna, Joy and Kat sat in the waiting area of the Pool Hospital emergency room on the edge of down town Chicago five miles from were the concert was held. Ashley and Sarah were talking with the doctors down the hall. Keith, Dorothy and Lisa had stayed behind at the theater to wrap things up. Fortunately, 'Major Tom' was the third encore number so they didn't have to refund tickets.

The nurse that had helped them at the concert came marching down the hall. A permanent frown etched on her forehead. 

"Look, it's Nurse Ratched," Joy whispered. 

Jenna laughed.

The woman was still dressed in the clothes she wore at the concert: jeans, light blue blouse and brown boots. She was African American, on the tallish side, maybe five eight, her hair short in a Hale Berry bob. Jenna though she'd be pretty if she took the time to put on some makeup and frown a little less.

"How's your boy?" the woman asked them.

"No one's told us anything yet," Jenna said.

"Can you tell us anything Nurse Ratchet?" Kat asked.

Joy elbowed Kat hard.

"What?" Kat asked totally confused. She retaliated with a punch at Joy's upper arm.

The frown deepened on the formidable woman's forehead. 

She's gonna fuck us up, Jenna thought with dismay. Then surprisingly, the woman smiled. The smile was better than makeup for she was quiet beautiful Jenna thought. 

"I can be a hard ass sometimes," the woman said. "Big city emergency rooms will do that to you. My name is Willamette Ingram. Everyone calls me Billy."

The three young women stood to shake Billy's hand. Jenna introduced everyone all around.

To Kat, Billy said, "How did a freckled white girl like you learn to sing like Whitney Houston?"

Kat blushed at the compliment.

"Can you tell us about Ethan?" Joy asked.

"I don't work at this hospital but they know me," Billy said. "I'll ask around but you gotta do something for me first. Tell me ... how did that pretty white boy come into those wings?"

Jenna and Kat deferred to Joy.

Joy shrugged. "They started growing in five years ago."

"They grew in?" Billy asked flatly.

Joy shrugged again. "Yeah. His cousin Ashley who's talking to the doctors is a geneticist. She can give you the science stuff. All I can tell is that he got them."

Billy gave Joy a long serious look clearly gauging if Joy was fucking with her. "Okay, come with me," Billy said accepting Joy's story for now.

Joy, Jenna and Kat followed her to a desk occupied by a very fat mean looking woman.

"Hey Patty," Billy said to the woman.

"Billy Ingram, as I live and breath," Patty said. "You finely wised up and come work for Pool?"

Billy laughed. "What? And miss all the puking junkies in Midtown? I'm hear to help these nice girls out. They wanna see their friend who just checked in." Billy looked at Joy, "What's the boy's name?"

"Ethan Grant," Joy said.

Patty hit keys on her computer. "The crazy punk rocker who glued wings to his back?" Patty asked. She hit more keys. "Doctors say no visitors."

"You and I know who really runs this hospital," Billy said.

Patty laughed. "Room 37C and I didn't see you go in."

Billy lead the members of Angel's Nest down the hall to room 37C. 

Ethan Grant lay flat on his back covered by a sheet up to his waist. Both arms, his forehead and several fingers were patched with monitor sensors. The tops of his wings were a little higher than his head.

All three girls teared up.

"What's wrong with him?" Kat asked 

Billy looked at the chart at the foot of his bed. "His vital signs are abnormally slowed but strong and steady. No drugs or alcohol in his system."

"Told you," Joy said. 

"The doctors are sure there is no brain damage," Billy said.. "Boy is just out cold and down deep. They're not using the word coma just yet."

A familiar feeling washed over Jenna. She looked at Joy and Kat. Clearly they were feeling it too ... and so was nurse Billy.

All eyes in the room focused on the tent growing under the covers at Ethan's crotch area.

"At least that's normal," Joy said with a smirk.

"He's putting it out tonight," Jenna said.

"Putting what out?" Billy asked. As Ethan's erection grew, her eyebrows rose higher.

"It has something to do with his wings," Jenna said. "He puts out some kind of pheromone that effects the people around him ... especially women."

"Yeah ... I see what you mean," Billy said.

Joy walked to Ethan's side, snake her right arm under the covers and shifted his erection so that it wasn't straining to rise. She kissed his cheek and said, "Please wake up.

The professional nurse in Billy broke through the mental haze. "Come on, out all of you before we get busted." She herded the three young women out of the room.

********

Billy watched the band members gather in the waiting area to decide what to do. The little Asian girl named Joy wanted to stay at the boy's side but the others voted her down. They talked her into checking in at a motel at walking distance from the hospital. Thoughts of the winged boy wouldn't leave Billy's head. Whatever pheromones he was putting out were godawful powerful. As Billy made to leave she got sight of a resident she knew named Fredrick Smith. He was originally from Midtown but had transferred to Pool a year ago. Fredric Smith was one of those good looking men that was convinced he was God's gift to womankind. He had hit on every attractive female at Midtown including Billy. Big mistake on his part. She had torn him a new and had threatened a sexual harassment suit. Not long after Fredrick Smith had left Midtown for Pool. Billy suspected that SHE was the reason for him leaving. 

Anyway, her strange response to the winged white boy and Fredric Smith overlapped in her head. She discretely checked with Patty at the front desk on Fredrick's schedule. Then she took a seat in the waiting room for 3 AM to roll around. "I am fucking crazy," she mumbled to herself. At three she pushed open the door to the intern break room.

Fredrick Smith sat alone eating a piece of pie fiddling with his smart phone. Billy sat herself right in front of him. He certainly was easy to look at with that blend of African and Caucasian. If you took the best parts of Denzel Washington and Huge Jackman and mashed them all together you got Fredric Smith. Too bad the guy was such an asshole. Tonight though she was willing to overlook his gaping flaws.

"Hey," Billy said.

Fredrick Smith looked up from his smart phone. His eyes went wide. Billy Ingram was probably the last person on earth he expected to see sitting across him. "Nurse Ingram?" he said sounding bewildered. 

Billy nodded.

"Do you work hear?" he asked aghast.

Billy smiled. The words 'sexual harassment suit' was probably pinging around inside of his head. "No, but I need a favor from you," Billy said.

"From me? Really?" he asked sounding leery.

Enough talk, she thought and leaned in and kissed him. Bi

Billy Ingram was the type of person that liked to get down to business fast. Talk was a waste of time to her. She leaned in and kissed the man. Fredrick Smith hesitated a beat but quickly gave in. When the kiss broke he said, "I know a place we can have some privacy."

This hound dog is quick on his feet, Billy thought. "I have a better place," she said.

********

"There's a patient in hear," Fredrick said as they crept into Ethan Grant's room.

"He's in a coma," Billy said.

"It's that guy with the wings. I hear that they're stitched right to his back."

"Whatever," Billy said. That weird vibe was still in the room. At least I'm not imaging that, she thought ... but I'm still fucking crazy. She sat on the second bed in the room to remove her boots.

"I didn't know that you had a kink streak," Fredrick said as he removed his white jacket.

"If you would have stopped running off at the mouth in Midtown you might have found out," Billy said as she removed her blouse to reveal firm B-cups in a pale yellow bra. She stood and pealed off her jeans exposing black boy short panties. Her legs and ass were her best features she had been told many times. Everything round, dark brown, smooth and flawless.

"Wow," Fredrick said as he dropped his blue-green scrubs to the floor revealing red boxer-briefs trimmed in electric baby blue. Billy smiled, judging by the bulge, his size wasn't just the nurses talking out their butts. 

She reached behind and unhooked her bra. Her burnt umber nipples were surprisingly small with quarter size areolas. 

"Spin woman, I gotta see that ass."

Giggling like a misbehaving teen, Billy spun to show off her ass. The countless hours on a Gold Gym's treadmill showed. With her back to him, she slid down her panties, she smiled at his sigh of approval. She turned to face him and his eyes dropped to her lush curly black triangle.

"Give me the show," she said pointing at his boxer-briefs. With no hesitation, he sprung his eager dark brown eight plus inches for her inspection. 

"I'm getting this weird vibe," Fredrick said. "Its some kind of electrical hum I think." He looked at the Ethan and his wings out cold on the bed. "Maybe one of the monitors is defective." 

Billy fished out a condom from her bag and handed it to him. "We better pick up the pace," she said.

Both knew that a night nurse or a diligent doctor doing rounds could step in at any moment thus putting their careers in serious hock. Fredrick slipped on the condom and they climbed into the second bed with Billy on her back. He entered her posthaste. Wanting one good kiss before they got rocking, she pulled him down and planted one on him. The guy gave it back good ... maybe he WAS god's gift to womankind after all. With that aside, they got into some serious sexual pounding. In less than a minute Billy came taking her totally by surprise. "Don't you dare stop," she warned him.

Proving he was no fool, he kept pounding away at her. Orgasm number two hit her fast too. She wanted to scream her pleasure to the heavens but was forced to keep it all inside.

"I wanna see you cum baby," Billy said. "Do it on me where ever you like." Billy was no fan of misogynistic porn bullshit but tonight she wanted it hot and dirty.

"Really?" he asked. 

"Yeah, really." Weirdly, the thought of him coming on her seemed outside of her, like it was a suggestion, a request. She turned her head to see if the winged boy was still in his coma. He appeared to be.

Fredrick pulled out of her, snapped off the condom, straddled her hips, gripped his erection and pointed it at her face. A slanting rope of white slashed from her eyebrow down to her chin. A second gush spattered her lips, the next her forehead. 

Breathing hard, face slick with the sweat of pleasure, Fredric looked down at his wet handiwork in awe.

Billy snaked her arms around him and gripped his wet twitching erection and cupped his balls.

"If you tell anyone about this I will tear these off," she said with a hard enough squeeze of his testicles to make him grunt.

She slapped his belly and he got off her. She went to the tiny bathroom to rinse her face and clean up. The first twinges of guilt and regret surfaced as she stepped out of the bathroom. Fredrick was fully dressed in his scrubs and white jacket. She had to admit, he was a FINE looking man no doubt about it. Pushing her guilt and regret aside, still totally naked, she stepped up and kissed him passionately. After the kiss she said, "Better go before you get busted."

"Wanna do this again?" he asked still in her arms.

"Next time will cost you dinner at a place you can't afford," she said.

He smiled. "Next time," he said and left the room.

Billy went to gather her things to dress and leave. Then her heart skipped when she saw that the winged boy was sitting up. She grabbed her blouse and clutched it to her chest and crotch. I am sooo screwed she thought as she desperately scanned the bed and floor for her jeans, she saw her black panties and bent to pick it up. Where the hell were her jeans?

"You don't have to hurry," Ethan said.

"You were in a coma," Billy said. "Monitors are going off down the hall and a team will be here in a few seconds." She spied her jeans next to her bra on the floor and rushed to them. Not bothering with the panties or bra, she pulled on the jeans then the blouse. She stuffed her panties, bra and socks into her shoulder bag then tucked her boots under one arm and headed for the door.

"I came out of the coma two hour ago," Ethan said. "The team has already been here."

Billy stopped at the door, cracked it and looked down the hall. No one was rushing their way. She backed away from the door, sat in a chair and took the time to put on her socks then her boots. "What about family and friends?" she asked.

"I'm from Ohio, no family here," he said. "I told the doctors not to call my friends. We've all been on the road for a while. I wanted them to get some rest."

"I met Kat, Joy and Jenna, they're good girls. They worry about you."

"You work here?"

"No," Billy said.

Boots secured, she stood. Ethan white wings were up high behind him and the seem to almost glow with their own light. He was beautiful. The edges of each wing went pinkish at edges that quickly deepen to crimson before her eyes.

"Are you an angel come to earth?" she asked half joking.

"No, I'm just a dude with wings."

"You made that happen ... me and Fredrick. You made me want it hot and dirty."

"I have an effect on people," Ethan said with a shrug.

"May I ... um ... see you standing up?"

Ethan pulled his covers off and swung his legs to the floor. The nurse in her stepped forward to make sure that he didn't dislodge his sensors but she need not have bothered, here at Pool they could afford remote wireless sensors for all their patients. Ethan was naked and erect as the Willis Tower, the edges of his wings were now a bright blood red.

A strong sexual urge flushed through her. She wanted to touch his wings, grip his hard white cock and get him inside her. "Goddam," Billy said. She grabbed her bag and left the room. Halfway down the hall she broke into a run. He was no angel ... he was something else altogether. 

******** 

One month later ...

The sleek black cat named Temporary sat on a slim branch of the maple tree that hung over the wall of the pool deck. It was October in Ohio so he was well hidden among the abundance of orange and deep maroon leaves. Even if the tree was bare of leaves it still would have been hard to see him among the gray and black branches silhouetted against the late afternoon fall sky.

The cat watched the one named Jenna Goldberg through an upper floor window of the Haverdink house. 

That one is a Nonseeth, a prime candidate for priestess, he thought. But on this world a Nonseeth did not garner the proper respect. He had run across an interesting website for a group called the followers of Clara that seemed to have interesting views not unlike the Nonseeth. As it goes, the one named Jenna had no idea what she was.

"This world is certainly full of surprises," the cat said aloud in a soft tenner.

"Who are you talking to you silly Batu?" came a deep but clearly female voice in the receiver built into the cat's head.

"Possibly the only entity on this rock with brains that may equal my own," the cat said. He didn't speak aloud this time, his communique was sent electronically.

"Arrogant machine," said the woman. "Is the subject you are suppose to be watching at home?"

"No. The dark skin one named Jenna Goldberg is alone."

"I don't like that Nonseeths of this world are gathering around the other one."

"His name is Ethan," the cat said coolly. "And I for that matter I have a name too so please stop calling me machine or batu."

"I apologize, Temporary."

"Apology accepted and since we're friends, you can call me Temp, madam Julin Pa."

"Call me Yella. I hate the formality."

"Since we are talking about a Nonseeth's natural attraction to a Hodjbon perhaps you could help the process along?"

"The governing assembly has no idea this world can produce Nonseeth. I will need time to think what to do."
