 Dr. Sybil Tobita head of neurology studies San Francisco Research Foundation. 

Present day. 

 Dr. Sybil Tobita, Forty two years old from a staunch conservative Japanese family from out east, lay on a sofa at the five star Braddock Hotel in San Francisco staring at the ceiling. All she had on were panties as young Norma (also down to panties by the way) kissed her neck and breasts. 

I've lost my mind, Sybil though. Here she was in a practical orgy making out with a woman ... no a GIRL half her age. That all said, she had never been so turned on in her life and all because of Ethan Grant. Adding to her disquiet was the unfortunate fact that Ethan Grant was a patient of hers. 

A week ago, she had seen her first photos of him and his unearthly wings. Before meeting him, she had read everything there was on spinal deformities and extraneous limbs. Her job had been to examine his brain for cancer, tumors and possible deformities of the skull. Aside from the perfectly formed furry wings coming out of his spine, he tested absolutely normal. Well ... not so normal ... there was that weird vibe he emitted. Not the most scientific diagnosis she knew but until she had more information weird vibe was what it was. Ethan's wings gave off some kind of impulse that stimulated the visceral brain of the people around him. The visceral is the oldest part of the human brain, popularly dubbed the lizard brain. The lizard brain controlled reproductive behavior, in other words, the human sex drive. 

Norma's hand slipped under Sybil Tobita's panties and all thoughts of science left her head. 

"Kiss me," Sybil's lizard brain demanded. 

Norma, blond curvy and beautiful with more than a passing resemblance to Kristen Bell, answered the call and pressed her full weight down on Sybil. It had been a LONG time since Sybil experienced that sensation. To add to the thrill, this was Sybil's first time with a woman. It was pathetic, but here she was in her forties and a closet lesbian. 

The kiss ended, Norma kept at Sybil's crotch with her hand and drifted down to kiss and nibble the doctor's B-cup breasts. It was all absolutely mind blowing. 

"Your mouth, I wanna feel your mouth down there," Sybil said to Norma as she tangled her fingers in the girl's long blond hair. Norma gave a little laugh as she worked her way down Sybil's body, nipping, licking and kissing. It took forever it seemed but Norma finally was at her lower half and peeled off Sybil's panties. The girl's warm breath on her exposed opening was maddening. When Norma's mouth made contact with her clitoris, Sybil's excitement doubled and her endorphin soaked brain went into overdrive. 

Memories of Maggie Edo, Sybil's all too brief lesbian encounter in collage filled her head. Calling a single kiss an encounter was an over statement, but that kiss loomed huge in Sybil's cerebral cortex. She vividly pictured herself posing naked in Maggie's studio for a painting that was never finished. The memory was so lifelike it was as if she was there all those years ago. She could even smell linseed oil and turpentine. Was I ever that young? Sybil wondered staring at the conjured memory of her younger self. 

"Maggie," came a deep male voice. 

It sounded like Ethan Grant. Weird. 

"Did you hear something?" a female voice responded behind Sybil.

"Yeah," young posing Sybil said. "Someone said your name." 

Sybil slowly turned. Low and behold there stood her old college crush Maggie Edo. Sybil had always pictured Maggie as a beautiful mature woman but the person standing behind the easel was more girl then she recalled. Maggie was pure Japanese just like Sybil, maybe a couple of inches taller. her long hair a little messy giving her a wild sexy look. She wore a black tang top with no bra, the nipples of her firm b-cups standing at attention. Sybil remembered those perky nipples from that day quite vividly. Below Maggie wore paint encrusted jeans that she filled out quite nicely. It was because of her that Sybil developed a thing for women in faded jeans. 

She is so beautiful, Sybil thought as her eyes teared up. Why did I walk away from her?

Maggie stepped from around her easel. Instinctively, Sybil stepped back and crossed an arm over her bare breasts and covered her naked pubes with the other hand. She immediately felt foolish for this was nothing but a strange vivid memory somehow brought about by Ethan and his wings. 

"Noises come through the vents sometimes," Maggie said looking up at the ceiling. "You cold?"

"A little," young Sybil said on the posing platform.

Sybil looked at her younger self. She had been just eighteen at the time but looked even younger. No wonder Maggie never made a move on me. I screamed jail bate 

"Just a little bit more and you can take a break," Maggie promised.

What is this all about? Sybil wondered. Why is this old memory playing out like this? She studied her young self draped with the the red silk cloth depicting a classic Chinese dragon. Her gaze went to the dragon's left eye and she saw the tear Maggie had mended with gold thread that didn't blend at all with the red eye. She recalled how the cloth had slipped off her shoulders to the floor initiating her one and only kiss with Maggie. Then before her eyes the dragon cloth lifted magically in the air and floated off young Sybil's slim shoulders. Sybil frowned for she didn't recall it doing that ... then again, the only detail of that day she could recall clearly was the long and intense kiss.

Young Sybil slipped off the platform to grab at the cloth. Maggie was on the move too. Then just like that they were kissing. Naked young Sybil pressed in hard against clothed Maggie. Sybil recalled how thrilling that had felt. 

Don't stop kissing! She pointlessly willed her younger self. Make love to Maggie! Change your life! 

No go ... her stupid young self ended the kiss. Oddly, it had only lasted a hand full of seconds ... she remembered it going on for MUCH longer. In the immediate awkward moments after the kiss, the pair looked around for the dragon cloth but it was nowhere to be found.

Her younger self mumbled something stupid about a paper she had to finish and rush to dress. Tears raced down older Sybil's face as her young self flew out the door barefoot, barely dressed, clutching her sandals in one arm, her backpack in the other. Sybil rounded on Maggie and yelled, "Why didn't you stop me!"

"Because of you," Maggie said looking away from the door and into the eyes of naked enraged forty two year old Sybil Tobita.

"What is this stupid mind game all about?" Sybil asked beyond flustered.

"I don't know what's happening to you," Maggie said, "but I assure you that this is real." She stepped up to naked Sybil and delicately pushed the hair from her face. "You never come back?"

Sybil nodded.

"You're breaking my heart," Maggie said as tears started to flow with her too. "The guy with the wings that swiped my dragon cloth ... he part of this?"

"He was here?" Sybil asked. Maggie was super close ... close enough to feel her warm breath ... certainly close enough to kiss.

"The years have done you good," Maggie said. "You were pretty at eighteen ... I always knew that you'd grow into a beauty. This is your big chance ... why don't you kiss me again?"

"I am so confused," Sybil said but that didn't stop her from kissing Maggie. A Long time later (certainly twice the length of her long ago first kiss) the kiss ended. 

"My," Maggie said, "the years have certainly improved your kissing."

"I can't accept that any of this is real," Sybil said. 

"Come see the painting," Maggie said taking Sybil's hand and lead her around the easel.

"You finished it?"

"Yeah ... I was gonna surprise you today."

"She's beautiful ... and the detail in the cloth ... wow."

Maggie laughed. "I agree."

Sybil stared at the painting as if hypnotized. 

"You don't have much time," Maggie said.

"Time for what?"

"You're going back to the future ... I sense it."

"This is all—"

"Are you gonna make love to me or are you still chicken shit like that girl who just left?" Maggie asked sounding a little cross.

Seized by a sexual heat that boiled away years of self denial, Sybil pulled frantically at Maggie's shirt. Maggie pushed her back to gain space, shucked her tang top, jeans and panties. The young artist had a firm, fit figure. Someone should be painting HER, Sybil thought. She looked so beautiful and so awfully young. "How old are you?" Sybil asked as she took in Maggie's naked form. High on Maggie's right thigh just below the separation of were leg and upper body met was a tattoo of an open red hand in a black circle. 

"Twenty three," Maggie said.

"That's all?" Sybil asked shocked. "All these years I thought you were a worldly woman in your mid thirties?"

"You never asked my age," Maggie said. "You were sweet but hardly talked. To be honest I found that refreshing. You were so irresistible. Now I know why. Do you ever come out?" 

"Technically ... an hour ago because of the guy with the wings ... his name is Ethan. Somehow he's creating this crazy fantasy."

"Then take advantage," Maggie said. She turned her back to Sybil and pulled her hair aside. She had a graceful back and a perfect ass. Sybil stepped in close, slipped her arms under Maggie's and hugged her desperately. The crush on her bare breasts against the young artists naked back was so delicious. She buried her face in Maggie's thick messy hair breathing her in. She detected an herbal shampoo, a musky perfume, linseed oil of course and honest sweat. Sybil loosened her grip as and explored Maggie's firm B-cups and belly. 

"Touch me down there," Maggie said with urgency.

Sybil's right hand found Maggie's moist opening. Maggie covered Sybil's hand with one of her own to help guided her. Maggie moaned.

"Gotta speed this up!" Maggie said urgently. "Use your mouth ... make me come standing right here ... it won't take much."

"I've never—"

"Just fucking do it!" 

Driven by the intensity of the moment, Sybil slipped around front, dropped to her knees and sought Maggie's clitoris. The moment her tongue brushed the bud, Maggie shouted, "Fucking Goddess take this woman!" and roughly gripped Sybil's hair to hold her in place.

She was right, Sybil mused, it didn't take much. A handful of gasps later, Maggie pulled Sybil to her feet by her hair and they kissed, hard, but brief. Pulling back, Maggie looked into Sybil's face and brushed hair aside. "You're a liner like me," she said in a breathy whisper.

Maggie's right hand slipped between Sybil's legs and pleasure beyond description washed over her. With that one single touch she came. 

Sybil squeezed her eyes shut and when she opened them again she was looking at the ceiling of Ethan's hotel room. Norma's head was planted between her legs and Sybil's fingers were tangled in the girl's corn silk blond hair. She did as Maggie had and pulled Norma up by her hair for a kiss.

After the kiss Norma looked down at Sybil. "I hope those are tears of joy?"

"Yes ... yes," Sybil said catching her breath. A chill spread throughout her slim body as the perspiration from her exertion cooled rapidly in the air conditioned room. But it was more than cool air she was reacting to. That whole vivid fantasy with Maggie Edo had unnerving. 

"What are you holding in your hand?" came a female voice from the tiny hotel kitchen. It was Veronica, Norma's friend. She spoke to Ethan whose wings were now a deep burgundy with the edges almost black. In his right hand he held Maggie's red silk cloth with the Chinese dragon.

Sybil untangled herself from Norma and rushed into the kitchen. "Where did you get that cloth?" Sybil asked.

"Not sure," Ethan said. 

"Is this some stupid mind game?" Sybil asked as she yanked the cloth from his hands. She moved it around frantically until she found the face of the dragon. She studied the one eye looking for the tiny hand sewn rip. Shockingly, there it was. "This is the cloth that disappeared from Maggie Edo's studio. What is this about?" she demanded to know. 

Norma came into the kitchen in just her panties. "You okay Sybil?"

"NO!" she said. "He's doing something to me! I just don't know what! Or WHY!"

"Hey ... calm down," Veronica said. 

"She's right. I'm doing something," Ethan said. "I just don't know what either."

"You invaded my memories," Sybil said.

"It's more than that, Sybil," Ethan said as calmly as he could. "Look at the cloth." 

"What is going on?" Veronica asked.

Clutching the dragon cloth to her chest, Sybil walked back to the sofa, she was still naked from the love making. Prancing naked was definitely not in her nature, she knew that it was Ethan's wings that blocked her inhibitions. She sat down heavily on the sofa. Norma and Veronica followed and sat on either side of her. Norma stroked Sybil's arm to sooth her.

Holding the cloth to her face, Sybil forced calm on herself and said. "He's right, something unexplainable just happened. As crazy as this sounds, I was there too ... somehow injected into my own memory."

"I think we were actually there," Ethan said gravely.

"Impossible," Sybil said.

"Then explain the cloth?"

"I don't know ... maybe you hooked up with Maggie somehow and this is a crazy sick joke."

Ethan looked at Norma. "How was your night with Bonny the Asian tattooed lady?"

"I was just thinking about her as I was making out with Sybil," Norma said wide eyed with surprise. "For a moment it was like I was there watching it all happen." She frowned at Ethan. "I NEVER told anyone about Bonny not even Veronica."

"You made it with a tattooed Asian chick and you never TOLD me?" Veronica asked sounding hurt.

"I never told ANYONE," Norma said. "At the time, Bonny was undercover DEA. My flapping lips could have gotten her killed. To this day I worry about her safety so I never told anyone about her and me." She gave Ethan a suspicious look. "How the hell do you know about Bonny?"

"I was in the room too," Ethan said.

"He went to my spin the bottle game in college," Veronica said. "He touched that other chick and ruined the party."

"I know this sounds crazy," Ethan said, "but somehow we were briefly transported to all those places from the past."

"It was like I was a ghost in my own life," Veronica said.

"Yeah, I was invisible as I watched me and Bonny make love," Norma said. 

"It was different for me," Sybil said. "Maggie could see me and Ethan."

"Who is Maggie?" Norma asked. 

"A crush I had back in my college days," Sybil said. "She could see me ... it was like she was expecting me or something. She looked me in the eye and told me that I was from the future. She called me a ... Liner?"

"What happened with this Maggie?" Norma asked.

"We kissed ... she got naked. She was beautiful in that way only a mature Japanese women can get. Elegant ... almost ethereal."

"Like you?" Norma said with a sly smile.

Sybil blushed at the compliment as she continued her account. "Her hair was wild, messy and sexy. She had a curious tattoo high on her leg." Sybil held out her right hand and mimed a circle around it. "It was an open red hand in a black circle."

"No way!" Norma said. Everyone looked at her as she got up, found her phone, played with the screen then showed it to Sybil. "Was it this?" The screen displayed a close up of a tattoo near a neat black 'V' of pubic hair.

"Yeah," Sybil said.

"A friend named Rosie has this tattoo," Norma said. "It is the Symbol for the Society of the Goddess Clara." 

"A friend of mine ... Katrina House mentioned the Church of Clara," Ethan said.

"I can't believe you hang out with Katrina House," Veronica said in awe.

"Okay," Sybil said then went quiet for a long time.

"Okay what?" Norma asked. 

"That all of this is real ... that Ethan has the ability to trip in time," Sybil said even though her tone sounded dubious. 

"And take someone with him," Ethan added.

"How cool," Veronica said sounding like a California ditz but she had proven in the last few hours to have a very organized mind.

"NOT cool," Sybil said. 

"Your wings are no longer deep red." Veronica said. Ethan's wings had faded to a light pink with the edges a shade darker.

Norma said. "I feel can actually think a little bit now."

"The vibe is still there though," Sybil said. "Or I wouldn't be sitting here naked.

"Same here," Norma said splaying out her wonderful bare chest.

"You lie," Veronica said to Norma. "You can't blame Ethan's vibe for all the times you parade around topless in front of my dates."

"Back to the point," Sybil said. "I want proof." She held out the silk dragon cloth for emphasis. She went to her pocket book and pulled out her smart phone. "I'll set it to record. We'll start with a question and answer. The girls and I will ask you questions about your visitations. Veronica you start." She pointed the phone at Ethan who sat in the dressing chair in just jeans leaning forward with his elbows draping his knees. His now pale whitish pink wings relaxed around him.

"Okay," Veronica said. "Um ... what was I wearing?"

"Not much ... just cut offs when I showed up."

"That stupid game was rigged," Veronica said. "I was the only one losing clothes."

"I saw that," Ethan said with a small smile. 

"Note," Sybil said, "His wings dipped to a slightly deeper shade of pink."

"Wow ... look at that," Veronica said. "Speaking of color, what color were my panties?"

"Black and red."

"What song was playing on the stereo?"

"Led Zeppelin's Black dog."

"That's it for me," Veronica said. "I was totally wasted that night. The only reason I remembered that much was because I went back again."

"Norma, you next," Sybil said. She pointing the phone at her.

"If this is just an excuse to film me topless?" Norma asked. 

"Ask your questions please," Sybil said.

"Describe the room I shared with Bonny."

"To be honest I wasn't there very long," Ethan said.

"Describe her tattoos."

"I remember a dragon that wrapped around most of her ... and lots of roses."

"Sounds like Bonny."

"This is Dr. Sybil Tobita speaking." Sybil stated clinically. 

Norma lifted her own smart phone and pointed it at Sybil. "For science," she said. 

Sybil frowned then said to Ethan, "There was a very large painting hanging on the wall behind Maggie's easel."

"It was hard not to see it," Ethan said. "It was a beautiful painting of the Iao Needle on Maui."

"You could have learned any of this stuff if you asked enough people," Norma said still filming naked Sybil. 

"About ALL of us?" Veronica asked doubtfully.

"He could have set this up with the two of you," Sybil said. "I just met you both tonight."

"Yeah, he recruited me to eat your pussy for his grand conspiracy," Norma said.

Ethan barked a laugh.

"The only way to prove that Ethan can trip in the past is to make it happen again," Veronica said. 

"How do we do that? Norma asked her friend.

"This is all connected to that sex vibe he puts out," Veronica said. "We turn him on, make his wings red."

The girl is far from stupid," Sybil thought.

Veronica stood up and pulled her shirt over her head then stripped off her jeans. She wore Spider-man panties and a purple bra.

"I can't believe you left the house in those panties," Norma said pointing her phone at her slim sexy friend. Wow, you really DO look like Misty Mundae," she added.

"I recall a sex farce called Spider-girl," Ethan said. Veronica looked impossibly cute and sexy in her bra and Spider-man panties.

Sybil pointed her phone at Veronica too. "For science," Sybil said as Norma gave her a look. 

Veronica pointed at Ethan and said excitedly, "His wings are darkening!" 

Norma pointed her phone at Ethan. "Ronnie, flash some skin!"
