 The worst thing a man could do when confronted by a nymph was to let her catch site of his erection. Agio remembered hearing that little rule back in his early college days, back when the thought of meeting a nymph while sporting a hard on seemed like no bad thing at all. It seemed quite a bad thing at the moment.

"Hello," the nymph purred from her vantage point in the river. Her body was submerged clear up to her ample breasts, which bobbed and swayed as the water lapped at them. Thin strands of her long, dark-blue hair swirled in the current. 

Agio watched her carefully, uncomfortably aware of his nakedness. His clothes lay neatly folded beside his fire, except for his hooded cloak, which he had hung from a nearby tree branch. Agio stood, hands at his sides, and took a step to the side, toward the branch.

"Hello," the nymph repeated and glided forward. Her skin was the pale blue of a winter sky. Agio wanted to run a finger along the curve of her abdomen, now clearly visible above the water line. He would trace the edge of her ribs with his fingers while taking her dark purple nipples into his mouth, savoring their taste with the tip of his tongue. That sounded like a fine plan, he thought.

"Afternoon," he said and took a step toward her. His toes squished into the gooey mud of the river's edge. The second worse thing a man can do when confronted by a nymph was to let her lure him into the water. The lesson flashed in his mind like lightning. Go into the water and die. Stay on land and live. Agio trembled with effort, fighting against the overpowering and unreasonable urge to splash into the water and feel her. He spoke in desperation. "Will you come join me?"

"I'd love nothing more," she said. Her hands rose from the water to cup her breasts. "But the water feels so good, won't you come and swim with me first?"

"Agio," he swallowed.

"Pardon?"

"My name is Agio."

"Agio," she licked her lips and tweaked a nipple.

"May I ask your name?" the effort of asking the question caused his stomach to kick. The water looked so inviting.

"My name?" the nymph eyed him warily, sinking a little into the river. Her breasts bounced as she released them. 

"You must have a beautiful name."

"No one has asked my name before."

"Please," Agio said. "Will you tell me?"

"D-Danea," she dipped a little further into the water. She was obviously not used to men asking her questions. Her dark areolas slipped from view. 

"I was right," he said and smiled and held a hand out to her. His erection trembled in the cool, morning air. A once in a lifetime opportunity stood before him. He had this one chance to press her. His skin tingled with a burning sensation that a whisper in his mind told him only the river could cure. "Danea is a beautiful name and you are very beautiful as well. Come enjoy my fire."

"Then will you swim with me?" her voice came in a soft, childlike, whisper.

"If you still wish me too, I will."

"You must promise," she rose from the water, stopping when it reached her knees. Her gleaming body was exquisitely perfect and completely hairless. Her long legs trembled.

"I promise to return with you to the water," he said. "If you still desire me to do so."

"Why wouldn't I want you to come back with me?" she said, the water now at her ankles. She stood almost on the bank, her eyes locked on Agio's erection. She was close enough to touch. "You are very handsome."

"Thank you," Agio edged toward the fire, beckoning her to follow with a wave of his hand. Each step he took from her brought an empty pain into his heart. "Come."

The toes of her feet pressed into the sodden muck of the riverbank and she let out a long, drawn out breath. Her flesh broke out in goose pimples. She took a shaky step after Agio. The fierce need to enter the water left him as she stepped from the river. The fierce need of her remained.

"The air is so chill," she said, hugging her breasts. Her nipples stuck out visibly. 

Agio set a blanket out beside the fire and lowered himself onto it, settling into a cross-legged position. He patted the spot next to him. Danea walked toward him slowly, her eyes moving from his face to his erection and then back again.

"Oh," she said, gazing wide-eyed at the fire. She raised a hand, holding it with the palm facing the flames. Her brow knotted and her breathing slowed. "It's so warm."

"Sit with me, Danea," Agio said and patted the blanket. 

A tiny bead of sweat ran down her cheek. Danea looked back at the river. She sucked on her lower lip.

"I've made a mistake," she said and took a step back.

"Come, sit."

"I don't want to sit."

"What do you want then?"

"I feel feverish."

"Danea, what do you want?"

"Please," she whispered. "Come swim with me. You promised."

Now or never, Agio thought. He eased back onto his back and stroked his stiff cock, locking his eyes on hers. She swallowed and moaned and inched forward.

"Danea," he said and took his hand away, letting his cock stand freely. He held his hands at either side of it. "Is this what you want?"

"Yes," she said, a tear slipping down her cheek. "Its all I've ever wanted. But, nobody stays to swim with me for long. They come into the water and hug me and I can feel the hardness between their legs and they push it into me and they kiss me on the lips and feel me with their hands. We swim deeper and I hug them close because it feels so good. And then they stop. And they don't want to swim anymore. But, you won't stop swimming. You promised. You promised to swim with me, Agio."

"I know," he said and lay back on the blanket. The ground felt soft and welcoming through the thick cotton. He held his penis up with a hand.

Danea knelt beside him and wiped the tears from her eyes. A strand of her indigo hair hung over her right temple and Agio reached up to move it. She shut her eyes as he tucked it behind her ear and cupped her cheek with the palm of his hand. His other hand cupped the soft flesh of her mound, which caused her to suck in a breath. 

"Its waiting for you," he whispered up to her and fondled one of her breasts.

Danea moaned and scrambled on top of him. Her hairless labia touched the tip of his penis, causing it to harden almost painfully. Agio grabbed her by the hips and studied her face. The whites of her eyes gleamed around the depths of her pupils. Her mouth was open slightly and he could see the tips of her teeth. 

Then, with a cry of abandon, Danea pushed down on him and he felt the length of his shaft awash in the warm sea of her passion. She gasped and rose and fell and rose again. She felt loose at first, but she grew tighter which each stroke, until his cock was hugged snugly inside her. Agio grabbed her by the ankles and watched the sway and jiggle of her breasts. The dark purple areolas had become almost black and the nipples poked far from the surrounding flesh. Agio resisted touching them. He wanted to watch for a while. Her ample breasts bounced heavily as she rode him. Beyond them, Agio could see the tight frown of concentration that had settled on the Nymph's face. Her lips pressed together in a thin line and her forehead broke with beads of sweat. 

Danea's mouth opened and closed with no sound but the raspy whisper of her quick breaths. Agio wondered what Nymphs cried out when they came as Danea's thighs started to quiver and her breathing took on a desperate tone. His cock slid in and out of her sopping vagina at a quicker pace as she went at it with abandon. Agio stopped wondering then. He just felt. The walls of her cunt slipped around him and squeezed him wonderfully. She felt virginal. She was unbelievably wet and the blanket was becoming very moist beneath them.

A tingle began to build in Agio's scrotum and he had to concentrate to ease it. He wanted the Nymph to come. She was so close. Her eyes were closed and her face was angled toward the sky with her mouth open as if she were catching rain on her tongue. She pulled up from him and then threw herself back down with a meaty slap of flesh on flesh. Soft whimpers of pleasure escaped from the back of her throat and then, suddenly, she was convulsing and her cunt was stroking at him and milking him. She cried out in a sound that was half scream and half howl as her juices poured from her and soaked the base of his cock, his balls, and the blanket. She leaned forward and put her hands on his chest to steady herself and sobbed out a breath. Her eyes were slits. Then, Agio pressed up with his still hard dick and she cried out as her pussy clamped down on him and an aftershock washed over her body, causing her whole upper half to shiver and jiggle in ecstasy. Agio could stand it no longer. He took those beautiful breasts in his hands and fondled them. He kneaded them gently and rubbed the hard nipples and stroked the soft undersides.

Danea watched him through wet eyes. She let out a whispered breath with each of Agio's upstrokes as he fucked her from below. 

"You didn't stop," she whispered and flinched as a tiny ripple of pleasure went through her. She lifted from him slightly, giving him more room to maneuver. "You haven't stopped."

"No," he grunted. "Not yet."

"Oh," she said as he tweaked her nipples.

"You have the most amazing breasts, Danea."

"T-thank you," she said and another tiny shiver went through her body as Agio ground his cock into her pussy. He would need to get in a better position to fully enjoy her. 

Agio sat up and lowered his head and took her left nipple into his mouth. He held it gently clamped between his teeth and ran the tip of his tongue in circles around it. Danea gasped and fell onto his cock, throwing her legs around his waist and pushing the breast up to his eager mouth with her hand. Agio pushed her away so that she was at an angle from him, her chest presented perfectly to him. Danea licked her lips and put the palms of her hands on the blanket as he sucked and bit and licked her soft and excited flesh. He worshiped her in that fashion until she was writhing from the pleasure of it. Then he decided that it was his turn. He grabbed her hands and pulled them from the blanket, causing her to flop onto her back. He fell after her, since she refused to loosen the tight grip her thighs had on his hips.

Balls aching with a need for release, Agio started to thrust. Danea dug her fingers into the meat of his back and squirmed underneath him as he renewed attention on her sensitive cunt elicited a string of shivers and moans. Each thrust was to the hilt and Agio felt the soft slap of his scrotum hitting the tender flesh of her groin. Then Agio would draw back to the point of exit and push forward again. There was no finesse in it. Agio simply took her. Danea unwrapped her legs and spread them out, holding them in the air, all the better for him to get some added depth. Each thrust shook her from cheek, to breast, to stomach, to toe.

Agio started to lose his rhythm as his scrotum tightened and a wave of pleasure racked his body. Danea squeezed his butt and pulled his gaze to hers. Her amazing blue eyes swirled like river rapids. A sweet explosion went off in his body and he cried out as wave after wave of his hot seed burst into Danea's tight vagina. He shook and grunted and buried his face in her shoulder and she cradled his head in her hands. He gave a final desperate spurt of semen and was spent.

"So warm," she said and giggled. She kissed his cheek.

Agio enjoyed the feel of her breasts pressed under his chest. He enjoyed the feel of her feet as they caressed his calves. Her sweet breath blew against his cheek, refreshing as a mountain brook. The promise came back to him. I will swim with you if you wish it.

"How do you feel?" he asked her and kissed the nape of her neck.

"Wonderful. I never imagined anything feeling so wonderful."

"Danea," he said, his mind still wrapped in the glaze of afterglow. He felt sleepy and numb. It would be heaven to fall asleep with his head cushioned on her breasts. "That is only the beginning."

"Really?" her eyes widened and she clung to him in excitement.

"But, first you must make a choice."

She nodded vigorously and studied his face. 

"Come with me and I will do everything I can to make sure you keep feeling like you do now."

"Come with you?"

"Or, we can go back and swim and it will all stop," he said. He kept his voice calm and his words slow. "I'll stop swimming eventually."

"No," she said and wrapped her arms and legs around him. "I don't want this feeling to go away. But, you promised you would swim with me. You promised, Agio."

"I know," he said and ran a finger through her hair. "But, I didn't promise I wouldn't die."

"Die?" she said the word as if it were merely a sound and not a word at all.

"Yes, that is what will happen when I stop swimming."

Tears fell in streams from her eyes, sliding down the sides of her face and into her hair. "You promised."

Agio gave her a nod and slipped from inside her. He sat and looked over her body, marveling again at how perfect she was. For a moment he imagined a future with her. He imagined a blue skinned wife, keeping their home and laughing as he tickled her neck as she cooked over a stove. He imagined healthy and robust blue skinned children. What a fool I was, Agio thought and shook his head, a nymph for a wife. He turned to her and smiled, taking a long look at her beautiful face and then at the river. Keeping the promise would make her happy. Her happiness meant so much to him. Life without her would be unbearable. "I promised."

He stood and held a hand out to her. She paused before taking it with trembling fingers. He lifted her to her feet and took a final look at the sky above of him, the trees around him, the earth under his feet. Smiling with love of her, he took a step toward the river, pulling her after him. The water was around his ankles when she stopped him with a tug and an anguished cry.

"I don't want you to die," she sobbed and pulled him from the river. She hugged him close and held him for countless heartbeats as she spent her grief on his shoulder. Then, with a tremble of effort, she turned him so that he was facing the crackling fire. The light from it shimmered in the sweeping currents of her eyes as she smiled shyly and fondled him. "I want to feel like this forever."

Agio decided it was no bad thing to meet a nymph while having an erection.