 "You know, Bill," Nomi half-hisses, "no matter... hunnnh, no matter how many times it happens, there's something about, oohm, something about having the commander of aaaa, hoo, a U.N.S. capital ship, in uniform, on his knees, eaaaaaaaaah, eating my pussy that just gets my engine gooooH GOD OHGOD ogodogodogodeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee..."

Commander Grubenski keeps a firm grip on her bucking hips as he tongues her through her first orgasm of the evening. He doesn't pull his face back until she finally stops thrashing and slumps back against her chair, panting, dress pushed up to her waist, carefully arranged hair in complete disarray.

"Well, by naval regs a captain outranks a commander, and I don't want to be written up for failure to perform."

"God, small chance of that." She leans forward and grabs him for a long kiss, his face still slick from his efforts. "Thanks for wearing full dress. You look so hot with your little brass buttons and ribbons. Get up. I want to taste your cock."

Bill stands up in front of her and lets her work the fastenings on his slacks. He closes his eyes as she pulls his heavy penis free and begins to tongue it to hardness.

"Mmm. Such an industrious little miner. I hope our next posting includes a lot of stasis, it's hard to contemplate three years without this."

Nomi slips her mouth over the end of his penis, applying gentle suction. Feeling a little grateful and a little wicked, she takes his hands in hers and firmly plants them on the back of her head, then lowers her own palms to her lap. She looks up at him with wide eyes, still gently sucking on the head, and waits.

Bill looks at his little miner, a little surprised by this turn of events. Nomi is usually the driving force in their encounters, and generally he's content to match her. He gets enough of people following his orders in his day job. Still, the invitation is plain, and tempting. He starts slowly, pressing further into her mouth as her lips provide a little resistance and her tongue moves busily. He finds her depth when he's a little more than halfway inside her, and curls his hands in her hair to slowly pull her head backwards.

Nomi is enjoying the experiment. Bill is gentle (maybe too gentle), and she loves that he's directing her for his pleasure. He is moving her head back and forward his cock at a slow, steady pace, being careful not to go too deep, mindful of her comfort. One of her hands drifts to her mound, and she begins lazily stroking, her eyes half lidded as he slides back and forth through her lips with almost hypnotic rhythm. She applies judicious suction at opportune moments, listening to the small catches in his breathing to guide her efforts.

She falls into her own rhythm, making rapid motions with her tongue against his shaft. When he's sliding in, she makes three quick little outward pushes. When he begins to draw out, she reverses directions, and her tongue makes three quick little drawing pulls, trying to give him as much friction as she can.

In, pushpushpush.

Out, pullpullpull.

His eyes are closed when she looks up at him, his face still a little shiny from earlier and his hair mussed where she'd mauled it in her passion. He's resplendent in his full dress uniform, generally reserved by regulation for state dinners. Little medals glisten on his chest, dangling slightly with his motion. Brass buttons glisten on the curved edges of his dress jacket, and another straight line of them run down the middle of a white waistcoat buttoned around his still-trim torso.

She can picture how they must look, the stern commanding officer with a little grey at his temples, his woman in her fancy evening gown, now rucked up around her waist, garterbelt framing her hips and the curve of her bare buttocks, on her knees with his fists curled in her hair as he uses her mouth for his pleasure.

Nomi imagines what little Ensign Clarke would think about this scene, with her obvious crush on her commander and her eagerness to please, and begins to rub herself more swiftly.

----

Grubber is nursing his scotch and enjoying the pleasant warmth of the young woman at his side when Stella returns to the booth in fresh stockings carrying a bottle and a shot glass. "The room will be ready in a few minutes."

"Woman, do you know how old I am? I need three days and a steak dinner before I'd be good for any more of your shenanigans."

"Old man, don't try to tell me my business."

She puts the shot glass in front of him and fills it from the bottle. "Drink that."

The miner eyes the dark liqueur swirling inside of the shot and picks up the bottle, but there's no label. "What is this?"

"Let's call it round two. Trust me."

"All right, but if my heart gives out you gotta make up a good story for my captain. Cheers." He lifts the shot to his lips and throws it back.

"Bleagh! Tastes like mashed lilacs and iodine." Despite his complaint, Grubber can feel something happening almost immediately.

Across the table, Stella sees his eyes briefly dilate and his breathing quicken. His hand tightens around the girl at is side. "There you go. Better hurry and take him back, he's not going to be much for talking in a few more minutes. Take good care of him. I don't want to see either of you till breakfast."

The young whore draws Grubber out of the booth, and indeed, he doesn't seem interested in conversation anymore. He stumbles slightly as she guides him to the back of the bar, through an opening and into a dimly lit hallway lined with doors. Approaching one, she lets them in, and guides the slightly disoriented miner to an overstuffed recliner, which he gratefully falls into.

"Sor... sorry sweetie i... dunno about..."

She ignores his disoriented mumbles and begins tugging his clothes off, which he tries his best to help with. He's a little ashamed this beautiful girl seeing his well-worn skin, but not ashamed enough to protest when she shimmies out of her outfit and into his lap and proceeds to make out with him.

In between kisses she whispers in his ear.

"...just relax..."

"...just let me take care of you..."

"...did you like it when Stella said you could be my grandpa..."

"...do you want me to call you grandpa..."

"...grandpa..."

"...grandpa what is this..."

"...is this your cock, grandpa..."

"...it's getting so hard..."

"...do you want me to touch it, grandpa..."

"...do you want me to suck it..."

Grubber groans as her mouth slips over his now painfully sensitive erection. He can feel every slight movement of her tongue as one of her hands plays in the salt and pepper hair of his chest while the other one gently massages his balls. In almost no time he's erupting into her helplessly, hips bucking as the young professional finishes him off. When he's done she lets his softening penis slip out of her mouth, curls up in his lap and begins to kiss him again.

"...that was so good, grandpa..."

"...you did such a good job..."

"...did you like that..."

"...did you like cumming in my mouth, grandpa..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...just wait, grandpa..."

"...just wait a little while..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...see..."

"...it's getting hard again..."

"...are you ready, grandpa..."

The whore positions her slim hips over his apparently immortal erection and begins to slide down onto him. Grubs is so sensitive at this point it borders on pain. Once she finishes mounting him, she leans forward until her weight is resting on his chest and begins to whisper to him again as her hips start working.

"...ooh..."

"...is that good, grandpa..."

"...do you like fucking me..."

"...do i feel good..."

"...do..."

"...oh..."

Star begins to get a contact high from the drug Stella had given the grizzled miner, which is why Stella generally only doles it out to certain customers. It certainly makes Star's job easier. Not that the miner doesn't seem like a sweet old man, even charming in his way, but she loves how biddable it makes customers, and it doesn't hurt that after a little bit it starts making her horny, too.

She stops trying to talk, just works her hips and nuzzles his scratchy chin. She can feel his hands, rough hands, sliding up on her hips, finding a firm grip. Then it's a race to see if she can bring herself off before he blows again, because she's a little worried if she tries to get him to go a fourth time he might actually die.

Wrapping her hands in his hair, she begins to thrust against him in earnest. She closes her eyes and concentrates on the sensations, breathes through her nose for the scent of his aftershave (noted and approved earlier that evening), and manages to blank everything out except her desire... to... cummmmmmmmm.

The challenge becomes keeping her rhythm through her orgasm. She's not really the one who's supposed to be getting off here, but there's nothing in the rules that says she can't enjoy her job as long as she does it well. Her hips keep slapping into her customer as she rides through the aftershocks, and at about the point she's regained her equilibrium she feels his hands squeeze spasmodically and his hips buck as he empties himself into her.

Grinning, she shifts her head close to his ear again.

"...such a good grandpa..."

----

A live band is playing at Lauren and Carlos' usual hangout, and the girls are on the dance floor, cutting loose and more than a bit tipsy. Carlos has retreated to a stool at the bar and is talking to one of his Navy buddies, a story filled with emphatic hand gestures and multiple pauses to wet his whistle. The club is packed with Navy crew from Carlos' ship, delighted to be enjoying their unexpected liberty.

Faith has had multiple dance partners, and has already turned down several invitations to have a drink somewhere more quiet, two of them from women. She knows it's partially because she's a new face, but she feels attractive and pursued in a way she hasn't really experienced before, and she likes it. Lauren keeps fairly close by, making sure the wolves (all of whom know her, and more significantly, know her boyfriend) don't circle too tightly.

It's a wonderful, high-energy, low-pressure environment, and she can practically feel the malaise of the depressing events of the last year slipping away. As the band ratchets up the tempo, she bounces over closer to Lauren and grabs the gardener in a big hug. "Thank you so much. You'll never know how much I needed this."

Lauren laughs at her. "I knew you'd be a sloppy drunk!"

Faith sticks her tongue out and then gives her a quick peck on the cheek before moving back into the fray.

"Man, I gotta worry about that when we ship out?" Carlos asks his girlfriend as he slips up behind her on the dance floor, circling his arms around her from behind. "Gringa is cute, I don't wanna come back to find out you decided to go mining!"

Lauren leans her head back against his shoulder. "She is cute. If I had a cheatin' heart and didn't mind leaving the gardens behind you might have something to worry about. But I don't and I do, so you're stuck with me."

"Works for me. We need to get her somewhere, or is she crashing on the couch?"

"Couch, probably. I don't know what dock she's in, but I know they haven't even started the refit yet, she just got here today."

"Man, I don't wanna get her in trouble with her captain, I was there when the commander tore engineering a new one today. Lemme ask her before she's too far gone."

With a little too much enthusiasm, and a little too little grace, the tall crewman launches himself onto the dance floor. Lauren watches with fond amusement as his exaggerated moves rapidly clear a path over to Faith and he bends down to put the question to her. Faith looks over at Lauren for a moment with a strange expression on her face, then she puts her hands on Carlos' shoulders and pulls herself up to speak into his ear.

Carlos' expression goes funny, and he looks at the young miner for a moment before he makes his way back over to Lauren.

"What was all that?" she asks.

"Huh. Well, I asked her if she wanted to crash on our couch or if we need to get her back to her ship."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. And says she's coming with us, because her captain ordered her to sleep with a stranger tonight.

----

Josh closes his eyes and enjoys the oral attentions of the tall blond sailor. He combs his fingers through her short, soft hair and sighs in pleasure. He's not certain what cued him that she wanted to be dominated, and it's not normally his habit to act like this with women, but something tell him it's been a long time coming, for her.

He disengages and steps down off the couch. She doesn't protest, but she watches him with half lidded eyes, and she's still grinding against Slut's face, clearly getting close. He reaches down, bats Lilith's hands away from her servant, and pulls Slut away from her mistress with a hand on her shoulder. "Both of you, stand up."

Slut obeys immediately, Lilith only slightly more languidly. Josh sits and reclines on the couch and looks over the two women standing in front of him. "Eyes front!"

Lilith, with her military background, immediately snaps her eyes on the wall above Josh's head. Slut, slightly confused by the order, looks at her mistress first and then imitates her.

"Slut, to whom do you belong?"

"I belong to Mistress, Sir."

"Mmm. And if your mistress does what I tell her to, does that mean you will as well?"

Slight hesitation. "Yes, Sir."

Lilith is staring determinedly over Josh's head, not meeting his eyes, but not contradicting him, either. Her hair and makeup are somewhat out of order after her oral ministrations. She's still wearing her top, but her pants and panties remain on the ground.

"Lilith, strip."

Face rigid and blank, she does as bid, and her top joins the rest of her clothing on the floor of Slut's apartment.

"Now lace your fingers behind your head."

She does so, drawing up her small, high breasts and their tiny pink nipples. She's done everything Josh has directed without complaint since he slipped his cock in her mouth after their little battle of wills, and he's curious how far she'll allow this to go.

"Slut, pick your mistress' belt up."

"Yes, Sir." The still-clothed little dancer retrieves it, buckle jingling.

Josh watches Lilith's eyes. She must know what's coming, but her expression remains fixed, and she doesn't seem inclined to stop things.

"Slut, you will whip your mistress three times. Do not hold back."

Lilith says nothing, but Slut seems hesitant.

"Do it, Slut. Now."

- CRACK -

- CRACK -

- CRACK -

The strikes come so quickly that it's over even before Lilith's eyes start to bulge.

"Well done, Slut. Come here."

Slut walks over, and pulls her into a kiss, running his hands over her generous curves. Lilith's eyes flicker to them for a moment before again returning to the wall. Josh releases her and addresses Lilith again. "Have you ever submitted like this before?"

"...yes."

"Come on, Lilith, you know the game, and we're already past this part. Yes what."

"Yes, Sir."

He points at Slut. "She can call me Sir. You can call me Master."

"Yes... Master." The woman is clearly conflicted, and just as clearly still turned on. She hadn't been able to get off before Josh stopped Slut from servicing her.

"Why are you putting up with this? Mine is hardly the only cock on station, and with her to do your bidding you don't even have to go get it yourself."

"She's brought men before. I let them fuck her but if they do what I tell them I don't let them fuck me."

"Why?"

"They... just don't turn me on."

I walk behind her and run my hand over her pale, trim ass, striped red where slut had done her work.

"You like to dominate women, but be dominated by men."

"Yeah."

"Lilith..."

"Yes, Master. I'm sorry, Master."

"You're kind of a bitch."

"I know, Master."

I turn to her dusky servant. "Slut, what is your real name."

"Arjuni, Sir."

"While I'm here, you belong to me, not Lilith."

No hesitation this time. "Yes, Sir."

"How often does Lilith let you get off, Arjuni?"

"Arjuni is only allowed to finish with men she brings to Mistress, Sir."

"The little drama at the club was all an act, wasn't it?"

"Yes, Sir. Mistress picked you and told Arjuni to get you."

"Hmm. Lilith has never gotten you off herself?"

"Mistress did before."

"Before?"

"Before Mistress was Arjuni's mistress."

"Would you like it if Lilith got you off?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Would you like it if I got you off?"

She ducks her head. "Yes, Sir."

"Lilith."

"Yes, Master?"

"In a moment, I want you to undress Arjuni with care and tenderness. Caress her. Show her you appreciate her and everything she does for you. Don't fuck her, make love to her."

"Yes, Master."

"Arjuni."

"Yes, Sir?"

"After Lilith finishes you, I want you to tie her to that bed, face down and spread-eagled, and then I want you to stand next to us and watch as I give your mistress the fucking she deserves."

"Yes, Sir."

----

Nomi and Bill have divested themselves of their clothing and adjourned to his bed. She'd tried to finish him with her mouth, as a special treat, but the commander had other ideas about how he wanted to spend himself, and he'd lifted her up and carried her bodily into the bedroom, flinging her on the bed. She'd slipped her dress the remainder of the way off and reclined, nude, as she watched him strip and hang his uniform over the back of a chair. Now naked as well, he turned to face her and strode towards the bed. She gave a little giggle as his erection waggled in the air with his movements, then lay back and spread herself as he crawled up on the bed to hold himself above her. Her hands move to guide his cock and her hips lift up to meet him, and now he's inside of her.

She moves her hands around him and hugs him close, luxuriating in the weighty press of his body. He smells like leather and spice, uniquely Bill. Her legs curl around him, urging him, and soon they find their rhythm, moving with the easy grace of long relation and with the urgency of long separation. Nomi wishes she could crystallize this memory for the deep dark, his weight, his scent, the feeling of his cock moving inside of her, the hard muscles of his back shifting beneath her hands, the sound of his breathing in her ear.

"Give me everything," she murmurs in a throaty whisper, "I want it all."

His pace increases and his breathing develops the little catch she knows means he is close. She closes her eyes and holds him tightly as he works himself to orgasm. She hears his breath stop altogether, and whispers "Yes, let me have it!" in his ears as his hips buck through the last few strokes. Suddenly he's all the way inside her, vocalizing as he releases his seed. He pulls back then pushes all the way in again, instinctively pressing himself as close as he can to her womb, giving himself the best chance of starting new life, just as his caveman ancestors might have.

He collapses, his weight still forcing her down into the mattress, and they both just lie there and breathe for a little while.

"I love you, you know."

"I know. I love you too."

Which is as much as two people married to their ships can give each other, and for both of them, it's enough.

----

"Gods be good, woman, I thought you'd killed me."

Star laughs from her spot curled up next to Grubs on the bed. "Stella must reaaaaally like you. She hardly ever uses any of that stuff, and she never has the bar cover me. Usually one of the other girls gets called in if she wants to hand out a free sample, I charge more than they do."

"Huh. I don't think I ever got an evening for free before. Should I tip you or something, kid?"
