 Phil shook his head in frustration. That was the third set of miu-signal market data that Yomi had sent for him to check in the last hour. Each time the deadline given to re-analyse, verify and return the figures had been shortened. First it was an hour, then forty minutes. Now Yomi wanted this "final, final" dataset to be assessed and returned to Head Office in Shanghai in twenty minutes.

It couldn't be done. Even if it could be done, Phil knew the data was bullshit because he'd generated most of it in the first place. At the time he'd decided to guess some of it and use a random number generator to make up the rest. This had freed up his Thursday afternoon for some well-earned v-sphere role play. The trouble was he was now being told to produce a credible business case for a major investment based on this nonsense data. 

He really hadn't thought through his foolish actions last week. It is said that when a penis is engorged, the necessary blood flow is diverted straight from the brain. They got that right!

Just then Jenny came on-line in the v-sphere. 

"Oh shit! We haven't chatted since last Thursday and I left her a bit abruptly then." thought Phil. "Now she's going to think I'm ignoring her. But I've got to try to get this business case done".

"Hi Phil J" was fired onto Phil's retina from his v-specs. 

"At least she's not mad at me" thought Phil. "Hi babes" he responded, flicking his eyes across the visi-keyboard. "Sorry for leaving you in the middle of something good last week". 

"np. Do you fancy a fuck now?" Came the immediate response.

"Love to. But I'm working." 

"Oh. I just thought you'd like to see this" she immediately fired back. The character Jenny had chosen to reveal herself as in Phil's v-specs was that of a young blonde woman, standing in cornfield in a light blue summer dress, white ankle socks and shiny black, thin strap heels. Jenny's character tripped over clumsily and, as she fell backwards, her dress rose high on her thighs briefly providing Phil with a glimpse of frilly white panty before she struggled, giggling to her feet.

The reaction in Phil's pants was as predictable as it was immediate.

The girl smiled and from behind her back she drew out a long purple dildo. "Look what someone naughty left in the grass" She said with a mischievous smile, biting her bottom lip. "I wonder what it's for?"

"OK Jen. You win" Phil's eyes flicked back.

Phil leaned back in his chair and stretched his over to grab his jacket. Pushing three fingers into the inside pocket, he picked out the v-sheath. It was fully powered up, having been charging off his body's static all day yesterday. "Always ready for action" he smiled to himself.

"Where are you?" Phil's eyes flicked the typescript into their shared vision field. 

"On a tube link" the girl replied with a cheeky smile. "I've just pushed one of my thickest v-dildos deep inside my cunt in the rest room. I'm so fucking horny today". The incongruous vision of the pretty young woman in a cute summer dress uttering such filth whist retaining a winsome demeanour was extraordinarily erotic. But Phil was past the point of actually caring who the fuck was behind the image in his v-specs.

"Have you got your v-sheath on? I'm not getting any response." She said. A mock-surly look had now claimed the girl's pretty features.

Phil had withdrawn the v-sheath and had begun unrolling it over the thickened head of his penis. As he drew it down over his taut shaft, Phil made sure the coils of artificial muscle were sufficiently well spaced to give the desired rippling effect when the magic moment came.

Jenny squeezed her dildo with her well-developed cunt muscles and Phil's sheath immediately contracted in response long the bulbous head of his penis.

"Whoa!" Phil's eyes flicked his surprise into their shared field of vision.

"Just testing. You know I like to know when I have full control over you Phil." said Jenny, smiling over her shoulder as she'd begun walking towards a thatched cottage nearby.

Phil tightened his balls, fractionally withdrawing his foreskin and pushing his penis forward with a flick, simultaneously creating a jerking contraction and swelling of the v-dildo. "Ooh naughty!" she said whilst continuing to walk towards the cottage. Turning briefly to Phil she said "Follow me" and with that Jenny hopped up the steps to the cottage, entered and abruptly closed the door in Phil's face.

Phil did nothing. He stood looking at the door, admiring the paintwork and noticing the pattern of knots just below the surface. Recalling this memory would come in handy later when he was trying to delay the release of his ejaculate.

He smiled ruefully as another tight squeeze of his cock came from the v-sheath. "This girl was impatient!" Phil thought with a smile as he knocked on the door.

A short while back Phil had decided to always use an image of himself that was fairly close to his real self when he played with women in the v-sphere. A slightly more muscular, taller and younger version of himself it had to be said, but a Phil his mother would recognise - with his clothes on. If he was honest he couldn't be bothered to adjust his image each time he role played. The women that he played with didn't seem to mind. Phil however, was always on the look-out for women who loved to play with new characterisations. In that, Phil was no different in his tastes to the other men he knew in the v-sphere. It had almost become an unspoken convention amongst both men and women players. Men, by common consent, fucked with their eyes.

Entering the gloom of the cottage Phil glanced briefly to his left and right. The image quality was usually substandard outside the host's field of play. If anything he'd be concerned if Jenny had focussed her imaginative design skills on something as peripheral as the entrance décor. Instead he saw the lighting in the stairway ahead of him was crisp and clear as it sought to lead the bee to the honey pot.

Turning at the halfway point on the stairs Phil once more caught sight of the young woman. Her blonde tresses were cascading over her now bare shoulders. "There you are. Naughty boy!" she said "I'm having such terrible trouble with this dress. Won't you help me?"

Jenny turned her back to Phil on the bed to show the half open clasps of her light blue bodice. "I really need your thick cock deep inside me now Phil." she said and then glanced over her shoulder with an arched eyebrow. 

Phil's fingers undid the clasps in seconds. The bodice fell forward and onto the bed. Phil caught a glimpse of her swollen breasts fall forward momentarily before responding with a youthful bounce. Phil groaned as Jenny once more tightened her cunt muscles, rippling the v-sheath and drawing his penis out into a stretched pole. She reached back with her left hand, stroking Phil's balls while Phil's big hands cupped her tits and using his thumbs to tug slowly on her thick, long nipples.

"Mmmm. You've got a wonderful way with titties Phil." Jenny giggled as she squeezed his scrotum firmly in her left hand. 

Phil released her right breast and with his right hand pushed her down onto all fours on the broad bed. She stroked the tip of his penis over her lacy white panties, pushing the tip along her inner thigh and then slipping it up under the elastic. Phil felt a sensation of warmth and moisture, simulated her wet vulva perfectly within his v-sheath. 

He grabbed her panties and dragged them roughly down her smooth thighs, just as Jenny liked it. Phil bent his neck and licked her plump pussy lips whilst his fingers prized her ass cheeks open, rubbing his thumb down between the crack of her ass to tease her further.

Jenny's response was instinctive. Her hips bucked upwards squashing Phil's broad flat tongue against her clitoris whilst pulling on Phil's cock through the tightening of his v-sheath, drawing his cock up towards her cunt. "Put it in me baby!" she pleaded "I need it so much".

Phil raised himself above the pretty young woman and thrust himself into her, creating a swelling in her v-dildo that swept along its length in a swift stabbing action.

Jenny's eyes practically shot out of their sockets. Her mouth formed an involuntary 'O', which might have revealed her sexy activities to her fellow tube link passengers if they hadn't all been engrossed in alternative v-sphere activities.

Phil and Jen were perfectly attuned and well practiced in the sequence that followed. In response to each subsequent thrust Jenny tightened her muscles around the v-dido, providing the sweetest, tightest resistance to Phil's cock. The two partners were immediately synchronised and Phil took the lead in building up the pace.

"Oh fuck yeah!" Jenny character repeated the words with each thrust. It gradually became an ecstatic "Yeah, yeah, yeah" as Phil's hips worked frantically against the waves of constriction flowing down the shaft of his penis. 

"Fuck, fuck! Come now baby. The next stop is my fucking station!" screamed the pretty young girl.

Phil successfully fought to control the momentary temptation - a devilment in all men - to withdraw his penis and make Jenny beg for it. Instead he squeezed her titties and bit down on her shoulder before ejaculating over and over into this sweet young woman's cunt. 

"Yessssss" she hissed like the cat that got the cream.

Phil closed his eyes to savour the brief moment before Jenny disappeared and he felt the pace of his heartbeats begin to slow.

"What the fuck!" An angry shout broke into Phil's sweet reverie.

Phil's eyes flicked open in shock to see Yomi's angry eyes staring back at him.

"You are fired you useless bastard! You can wank yourself stupid on somebody else's fucking payroll!"

The pretty young woman in the short blue summer dress had long since disappeared.