 So there I am like any other Rogue in a pub drowning my sorrows pawning the goods that I steal from the already poor families. Then in walks this high elf with long braided hair down to her ass; an ass by the way, that was hanging out of her short shorts. She seemed to give zero fucks about that though. She was followed by about five scrappy looking men probably all houndin for that ass in the first place. She was out of all of their leagues; she was definitely out of mine. They sat at the corner of the room at the darkest table and lit a single candle to huddle around in conversation. I think her eyes were blue no make that purple definitely purple. She was the hottest thing I've seen in a long time and I think she's the hottest thing I've ever seen. 

Speaking of hot, was that purple smoke coming from her palm? I musta drank too much. Well pretty lady I thought to myself thanks for the diversion back to my drink. But then I heard words like gold treasure and spells. I don't really care for the magic and spells but I am a rogue and when you say treasure or gold my wood elf ears pay attention. I didn't see any other rogues in her group but I did see a couple barbarians and I fucking hate barbarians. She could've been a whore or a slave. No, check that, she's not a slave. One of the barbarians tried to make a pass at her by sliding his grotesque scarred man mitts up her perfectly toned thigh, and she smacked him so hard I think he's bleeding from his ear. This is a bad bitch. She got up from the table and walked over to the bar. A voice in my head heard her say.

(Don't be a little bitch in the shadows. Ya want me come talk to me. I'm right here.) 

I shook my head and thought nope... Outta my league. Then I heard 

(Fine be that way)

While my mind was talking to itself, my ferret came back to me to give me a heads up. I had sent him out from my bag when I heard gold and treasure to find out what the plan was so I could... Like a thief in the night take my take so to speak. I am the best thief out there thought to myself as I smile at my reflection in my dagger.

"Oi!"

Damn she's so fucking hot...

"Oi down here Breal!"

I'd eat that pussy until it ate me...

"Rogues are pansies!!"

"What the fuck ferret I was day dreaming?" I scorn glaring at the fuzzy lil beast.

"Well that chick is in trouble"

"That ass would be in trouble haha"

"Will you listen to me? There is no spells"

"Ok and?" I say giving zero fucks about spells.

"There is no treasure... and" he spoke softer.

"Wait don't say it, don't you freaking dare ferret!"

My ferret took a deep breath and looked me in the eyes. "There is no go-"

"Oh come on!! Damn it man" I spoke with gritted teeth hoping for an easy score.

"Breal I don't think ya get it."

"Yea, I do my furry little fucker there is no gold."

"Yes, that and that prostitute is in trouble."

"She's not a prostitute not with those shoes," I said wondering why I was so shoe savvy.

"Those guys she came in with are gonna kill her and take her ring," he said.

"That is a nice ring... Wait kill her?"

"That's what they said."

"Damn it ferret, why did you tell me that?"

"Because sir... You're not an ass."

"Back in the bag ya fuzzy cock holster...do I look like the kinda guy that saves women?" I lean over to him and whisper, "The answer is hell no."

In a mumbled whisper the ferret mumbles, "Fuck you, ya rogue piece of shit."

"What was that?"

"Nothing sir... Gnight"

Well it was looking to be a good night full of riches and bitches, but tis not to be. Tick tock... Hmmm what to do? And why does she keep looking over here? Her eyes are different it's as if like she's pleading and worried. She keeps playin with her ring and they keep eyeing it...hungry eyes. I know that hungry look. It's why I do what I do. That furry little rat was right. They'll probably rape her too. 

Did she just nod yes?

Couldn't have been to me-fuck it I'd want to fuck that ass too. That perfect juicy limber ass. She probably deserves what she gets. Who am I to help her? I'm just a wood elf archer that steals shit.

Is that a tear she just wiped away?

After a while they get up. She isn't leading anymore. She's in the middle of them now. Why is the guy behind her got his hand on his sword? Well she's a goner. Peace out hottie it was nice seeing ya- that ass anyway. She turns around looked into my soul it felt like.

(I can't take them all alone. Help and I'm yours)

There goes my mind talking to me again. I look at my glass finish it and when I look up she's gone.

Something purple is written on the table in a smoky haze.

-It's not in your mind-

It vanishes. 

Holy shit! She's a witch or something. Crap that was real?

-I'm yours-

Am I drunk? I stand up flip, because I can, climb the wall to the rafters and I'm out the vent. Nope, I'm not drunk and I'm not paying either. I got a damsel and that ass to save.

I follow the trail because I'm a--

Where the fuck is his head? I think to myself as I come across one of her escorts on the trail leading to the woods.

Ok... She's a fighter good buys me time

I see a purple explosion and I'm thrown to the ground by the shock. I shake it off, and get to a clearing. Trees are blown over and two bodies are scattered all over the place dead. How did I know they're dead? Because when your torso arms and legs are separated by multiple yard lengths you figure it out. It looked as if they blew apart from the inside. Well that leaves the barbarians. I look up to see...her. A purple aura surrounds her. Her eyes glow purple and purple flames surround her hands. 

The two barbarians are behind a rock. One blows a horn while he takes cover.

In my head I hear

(Took you long enough)

I think...Don't think ya needed my help after all seeing the gents spewed in pieces back there. Why did you act like that? Like you were helpless? Giving me the impression you needed me to save you?

(I thought you were cute)

I blush a bit. "Watch this." I notch my arrow and it let it fly nailing the barbarian in the knee. He used to be a barbarian. Then he took an arrow to the knee. She laughs so loud it echoes through the glen. She's in my head again

(We are not outta the woods yet)

The horn was a reinforcement call

"Damn it. We are so fucked." I say counting my arrows.

(We'll be fine don't be such a pussy)

"I am what I eat. How are you in my mind?"

(Tell ya later)

And just like that a horde of barbarians storm the clearing. Arrows and axes bounce off of her like nothing. Barbarians don't see me yet. I gotta call to make myself. I blow one of my many whistles. At first it sounds like thunder, and the barbarians look up as if it were if fact thunder. They're so dumb. Just then 20 giant deer with antlers sharp as daggers run through the horde and gore about 7 of them spraying the field like a fertilizer.

"Neat trick" she says.

"Thanks" I say smiling like I just did something impressive in front the popular girl.

"My turn." She does some weird hand shit. And my deer grow about ten sizes and that purple aura cover their antlers. They go at the horde again and kick, thrash, stab and gore 20 barbarians.

Fuck me, I think to myself.

(Soon) She says in my mind

Then this black smokey fog comes outta nowhere, and covers the dead followed by a skeleton in a long dank black torn up robe. My deer flee from the darkness, and I wonder why until...FUCK! He raised all the dead.

"I want the ring" it says.

"Fuck off" she yells as if raising dead barbarians is child's play.

I think as I turn to the trees in retreat ... Ummm, honey dearest, this guy seems like a bad ass

In my head again (Fuck that. Watch.)

The fog goes purple and the dead turn on the ugly skeleton dooche. His counter magic was no match for her power and control. The undead barbarians swallow up the skeleton like a rack of ribs.

Now what? I think to myself. 

She flexes a finger and they all drop to the earth again dead.

"What about these two idiots?" I say, now that I don't have to hide my position anymore. Referring to the two initial barbarians behind the rock.

She says "They can watch."

"Watch?"

"Yep" She says with a teasing smirk, looking at me with anticipation.

Purple flash. 

The barbarians are now tied to the tree and there is a bed in the middle of a clearing of the dead.

"If you can catch me, I'm yours." She says.

"Umm, excuse me dearie how do you know I'm interested?" I gulp, knowing full well that my man dagger is about to rip a whole in my trousers.

"Well, by that." She points to my package so to speak. And the knot of leather starts to undo itself loosening my bottoms. I catch it before I end up pant less in the woods.

"Oh you're a freak." I say amused and intimidated at the same time.

"You have no idea" She says with a smile circling me in a slow cat like grace.

"What's your name witch?"

"Catch me and I'll think about telling you and I'm an Enchantress not a bitch witch. They're ugly."

"Fine." I say

There is no one I know faster than me. I'm close to her within seconds.

Poof gone.

She is now 20 yards further. Hmmm, she teleported or something. This is going to be hard I think to myself.

(Your dick is hard)

"I hate you." I say.

"No." she says with a grin. "Ya don't." 

Ok, new plan. I run like the wind, I know she is gonna vanish again and when she does so will I. 

Poof of purple and I go to the shadows. She reappears by a tree and doesn't seem to notice me. She knows what I am. She has an idea of my skills. She smiles at this cat and mouse. Who's the cat? I got to keep a clear head she can read it.

"Little rogue where did you go? You don't want me?"

...

"You don't want to take advantage of this?" She says as she traces her hands from her neck, across her perfect breasts, in towards her navel, and outward to her hips and ass.

... 

She changes outfits to a silk robe with a snap of a finger.

Cute...but not my thing

(Oh?... I'm not your thing)

Damn it. Keep to the shadows and close your mind. Which seems impossible because I don't know how.

"How about this?" And just like that she is in fishnet stockings hair down and straight and she has a collar with a leash with her giant tits out and heeled boots that make me wanna climb her like a tree. All purple everything.

Oh my god...I think to myself

She smiles.

She knows I like it. She slowly traces the perimeter of the bed. The barbarians are more turned on than terrified now. I don't know what to think. She climbs onto the bed like a lioness. Ass up and out, her huge breasts teasing the sheets with her mouth biting the blanket, back arched like a half pipe.

I'm gonna fuck this chick.

(...well?...) I hear in my head

I notch my arrow and let it fly. It pierces the leash and anchors to the head board. By the time she turns back around from my shot I'm on her. Standing on the bed, dick out level with her mouth as she kneels on the blankets surprised and excited by what just happened I leer down at her like a predator. A smile widens across her face and she says,

"Nice. I coulda stopped the shot ya know?" 

She is so cocky. It couldn't hurt to add a bit more of my own to fill her ego. No more words. I pull her hair back and throw my cock in her throat. Let's see if she has a gag refle-nope. She flicks her wrist and all my clothes are gone, arrows gone, and daggers gone. She is a clever girl, just me and her naked as the day we arrived. I punch the back of her throat with my raging pulsating flesh. I don't hold back. She gets sloppy with it too just like I want it. Her hands move like a velvet machine, and her mouth would've swallowed my balls if they weren't attached. I pull her off to compose myself.

"Ya gonna cum already Rogue." she says.

"Not quite yet." I say pulling her hair back.

"Awww am I to much for you?"

Shut up...

She smiles a come and get me smirk. I flip her over and slap that big ass.

In my head again... (harder)

I slap harder

(Harder...)

Ok... I slap harder

(Come on ya bitch HARDER)

Ok cunt... Fuck you!

I pull back grab that anchored leash from the frame rip it out and whip her ass so hard followed by my palm in rapid succession. Right when she purrs and smiles I throw my cock into her perfect ass. She grasps the head board with a whelp ready for anything. I push here flat on the bed and continue to slap with tremendous force as I succeed to rip her ass open with my cock. She wants it. She loves it. Her body pleads for more. I lay her down on her side. I'm still behind her. I prop her leg up and hold her head down as I repeat my utter pounding of that backside. She is so smooth, and perfect. And I'm a grizzled, battle scarred tattooed man that is gonna take this moment and make her remember it. She drips with pleasure as I forcefully put her on her back. I slap her tits with her own leash and focus on stimulating every fiber of her being. Her eyes glow purple and her aura surrounds us. She is close. That is when I notice the bed is in the sky and we are lost in the moment. 

Neat trick I think

(Shut up and fuck me Rogue)

...I'm in charge here...

I stop doing everything. Straddle her and put my hand around her throat.

I lean in and say "Who's in charge here?"

"I Am." she says.

I squeeze her throat a bit harder and pinch her nipple hard with a bit of a twist. Her body spasms and she moans intensifying the aura.

"I'm sorry who?"

"We are." She says.

I release her throat reach around her head and pull her hair her mouth widens with a grin, back arches, and I spit in her mouth with me being nose to nose, and eye to eye. With my free arm I prop her leg up and smack her ass palming it and leaving it there with more than a handful. My cock pulsating with my every racing heartbeat on top of her clit waiting to enter her as her body goes limp from my control.

"I'm sorry what was that?" I whisper as I bite her ear. 

"You are." she moans.

I put my cock in just a bit. Her pussy stretches. The aura builds even more. Her nipples are hard as diamonds pushing against my chest.

I look her in the eyes. I have her pinned.

"Louder, I want you to scream it. Who's in charge?"

"YOU ARE!!" She screams her body itching for me to continue.

I go all in with a hard and steady thrust. Her body quakes from me filling every inch of her. The world around us goes purple and she moans with such intensity that I can't control her any more. I ravage that pussy with a mouth full of her perfect tits. Permanent hand prints on both ass cheeks. No two people have ever been so twisted and folded into each other in history. Eyes still locked in as I push every inch into her stretched out swollen lips.

"Whose cunt is this?"

"Yours."

"Good girl. You gonna cum for me whore?"

"Yes." She pleads for me to end it.

I take my dick out and throw it in her mouth to lube it up for the finale. She smiles and grins as I slap her face with my cock and I bite her lower lip and let her suck my tongue. I multiply everything I can offer. I push harder and pound those throbbing pussy lips with my pulsating veiny cock. Our bodies slide into one another becoming one entity.

"Cum for me." I whisper biting her ear and neck.

Her body becomes mine. Our bodies sync and become one fluid motion. She screams and her nails anchor into my back. Her legs begin to shake and her eyes widen pleading for more and I give it to her. She begins screaming with such passion that her release leaves the clouds blown away leaving us and a night sky.

"Neat trick." I say falling on top of her with a smile.

She smirks and blows on her fingers as if to clear smoke.

We lay there for a bit and catch our breath. No conversation, no cuddling, just the night time and silence. I couldn't tell you how long we just laid there in the moment, but out of nowhere she rolls over. Kisses me on the cheek and says,

"Thanks. We should do this again."

She plays with her ring finger and 

POOF... Purple flash

This freaking chick...

I wake up naked with my gear next to me. I get dressed kind of depressed she's gone so quickly. The two barbarians linger on the tree laughing.

"Awwww, did she leave ya little guy." One says.

I blow my whistle.

"She woulda stayed with a real man." Says the other. 

Where the hell did I leave that sauce at?

(My pussy)

"Haha nice. Ya just left how am I supposed to find you?"

(You won't)

"Oh... Ok well by-"

(Don't be such a pussy)

...

(Who's in charge now?)

"You." 

(Good boy, sauce is in your right boot)

"Thanks"

(Oh and Rogue...I'll find you Iliana is the name)

"My name is Br--"

(I like Rogue)

"But there is a lot of Rogu—"

(Yes, but you're mine)

I smile and head to my boot and reach in. Wrapped around the bottle was a leash that smelt like honey...hers obviously.

"Ya talking to yourself you little bitch?" The barbarian jeered.

"Nope." I say opening the bottle.

"What's with the bottle little man fuck?" The other says curiously.

I open the bottle and cover them both with its contents.

"What the fuck is that for ya little asshole?" One says disgusted.

"Him." I say as I point behind me without looking and walk away.

Just then a 5000 pound brown bear clears the brush. He heard the whistle and will smell the sauce.

I exit to screams of being eaten alive in the back ground twirling around my favorite leash.

(Nice Trick)