 Chapter 1

I am Jason Black and I am witnessing a spectacular cosmic event. A wandering planet is entering the solar system of the planet Bella. Bella is a garden world set to terra-form 500 years ago and only recently (50 years) populated by settlers from Earth. 

The colony here is 60,000 souls and I am part of the defense force assigned by Galactic Patrol to guard against asteroids, comets and other such phenomenon as might be required to protect the planet. 

The wanderer is quite an oddity; it is 1.68 Earth in dimension but masses only 0.89 Earth. There is no atmosphere but it is covered by a thick layer of frozen gases that includes Nitrogen, Carbon Dioxide, Methane and other trace gases and a sizable quantity of Oxygen. Almost Earth normal percentages for a gaseous atmosphere 73.5%, 2.0%, 0.5%, 0.5% and 23.5%. 

Surface temperature -246°C; speed through space 0.45C; trajectory - IMPACT Bella in approximately 28 days. I have no time to play, Bella must be evacuated but we don't have enough ships or stations to hold 60,000 people. 

My only chance appears to be to try and force it off its present trajectory so that it will miss Bella and go on off into space or possibly settle into orbit around the star. I had my computer run some calculations and: given the mass of the rogue and the distance from Bella and the number of asteroid tractor tugs in the system it could be done but just barely. We had to get started so I made the call and ordered every tug and tractor equipped ship in the system to immediately rendezvous at my location. 

I got setup and programmed my computer to intercept the rogue at the best possible distance from Bella and fired the engines.

The closer I get to the rogue the more intriguing it is. This massive planet has been wandering through space for who knows how long and now is about to create a catastrophic calamity. I can't help but think that this is part of some greater design and not just a random act.

I have all but thirty of the tractors in place and we have started to push and pull the rogue out of its present trajectory. Computer reports reveal that after 24hrs. we are succeeding as the path has been altered by 0.11 arc-seconds and increasing with each minute that we keep it up. The problem is that we need to alter the trajectory by 2.51 degrees in order for the rogue to miss Bella and at present the amount of change is to slow. 

I call in all the tractors and lock their controls to mine and set power levels to maximum safe and start giving it all we have. Everything is on automatic and controlled by my computer as I try to get a couple of hours of shut-eye.

Chapter 2

I am startled awake by alarms going off and my computer telling me that we have a fault in the sensors. As I get to the control console I find that the sensors are telling me that the rogue is actually slowing down, speed has decreased to 0.43C. I setup some quick calculations and it is not because of what we are doing; but the rogue is slowing down as the computer tells me it is now down to 0.428C. 

I start checking for energy signatures and find a strong reading low in the gravity wave spectrum, and the power level is increasing. I set my computer to keep an eye on the power level and started tracking the changes in speed and trajectory in relation to impact with Bella.

After about two hours I find that if the slow down keeps up at the present pace the rogue will fall into orbit at the L5 position with reference to Bella, WOW!

How can this be happening? Who or What is controlling this thing? Time to try and find some answers, I hope. I release the tractors and set my course to orbit the rogue and start taking in-depth readings to try and find out what was going on with it. 

I set orbit at 25,000km, put all my sensors on maximum and started the computer crunching the numbers. Three hours in and the comp is telling me speed is down to 0.41C and dropping fast, power level up 19% and continuing to climb. Suddenly all my sensor alarms went off as this thing came ALIVE!

Power jumped 50% and energy readings across the board went off the dial. Then it dawned on me what was going on, this planet was a space craft, a deepfreeze transport to this star from where? With what or who aboard? 

The rogue is slowing even more and the new calculations show that if the slowdown continues at the present rate them the rogue will fall directly opposite Bella in solar orbit. I sent word to the GP office on the station about my findings and recommended that the path of the rogue be cleared of traffic until such time as the orbital status could be confirmed.

I warped my ship into a tighter orbit of 5000km and prepared to send every piece of data I could get to the station as the planet continued on its way into orbit around the local star.

Chapter 3 

24hrs ago we got conformation that the rogue has a stable orbit around the local star. It is slightly inside Bella's orbit but is in sync at 180° from Bella and will have the same orbital period of 402 days. The planet is under quarantine and no ship is allowed within 250,000 kilometers except mine which is being used as a data relay providing sensor readings to the station and all the scientists tapped in there.

It has been a week and one of the ships at the quarantine line remarks that there appears to be an anomaly developing near a rock outcropping on what will be the equator. I adjust my orbit and geo-sync over the anomaly so that I can maintain a watch on it. Sensors were showing that the anomaly is metallic but of an unknown metal alloyed with an unknown type of plastic like material. Sensors were also telling me that the frozen surface is outgassing and an atmosphere is forming.

<><><><><>

It has been a year since the rogue settled into orbit and most of the frozen surface has thawed and the atmosphere although stormy has fully formed. To date:

Orbital period:402 days (standard)

Rotational period:31 hours (standard)

Circumference:67250.4 kilometers

Diameter:21406.56 kilometers

Gravitational Mass:0.887 Earth

Atmosphere:Nitrogen:73.5%

Oxygen:23.5%

CO2:2.0%

Methane:0.5%

Other Trace:0.5%

Six months has gone by and the storms are easing and the features of the planet surface can be seen in the periods of calm. My computer has notified me of what appears to be a designed landing area near the anomaly; it is raised above the surrounding area and cut off from the rest of the planet by shear drops on three sides.

With the discovery of the apparent landing zone the patrol is sending a 'First Contact' ship but it won't be here for two weeks and the scientists from Bella want to land now. So I am ordered to fire on any ship that violates the quarantine line regardless of who is onboard. The Bellaians want answers so I agree to set down on the planet to provide direct readings and to check-out the landing area.

Chapter 4

I set down on the surface 24hrs ago and instantly lost all communications as an energy barrier sprang up completely encapsulating the planet. Computer tells me that there is no change in the atmosphere and that even though it might have a distinct odor (methane gas) it would have no ill effect on me. Time to find out if I've been invited or if I'm a lamb to the slaughter.

I place the breathing mask on my face and step out of my ship, I can feel the difference in the gravity and there is a very slight odor in the 'air' but nothing unpleasant. I start walking the approx. 1 kilometer to the anomaly all the while sending readings back to my ship's computer for recording and detailed analysis. There appears to be plant life developing as I can plainly see areas where the 'rock' and 'soil' are covered; apparently who or what is running things is getting the planet ready for some form of life to exist here.

As I approach the anomaly I can see that it is artificial and not part of the surrounding plain. It measures approx. 10m wide x 10m deep x 10m high and has an opening in it on the side facing the landing area. The opening is 1.5 meters wide and 2.5 meters high and lets onto a tunnel entering the 'building'. Computer reports a slight energy surge localized to the building and I see a humanoid form standing within the tunnel; waiting for me?

Upon entering the tunnel I feel a wave of nausea that soon passes and the form approaches me and speaks in plain English, "Welcome to Delot; Jason. You are the first life I have sensed in over 12,500 of your years. If you will come this way an explanation is awaiting. I sense you are curious as to the language; the scanner as you entered read your brain waves and extracted your language and other necessary information so that I could more readily communicate with you." "Thank you," I answered and followed 'her' (mental impression) to another opening inside the tunnel. 'We' stepped into a controlled gravity well and slowly descended below the surface to; What?

After descending about 5 kilometers we entered a large room with display screens all the way around its perimeter and more on stands scattered around the room. There was a platform to one side and as I stepped up the screens came to life, depicting as I was about to find out, the life cycle of Delot. I sat on the seat that arose and the console in front of me gave forth the story of the planet.

Chapter 5 

Delot circled a G3 star in another galaxy and was itself torn away from its parent star by a rogue star. The 'people' saw this coming and spent over 1,000 years preparing for the inevitable tragedy before them. They hollowed out portions of their planet and reduced their population to only what was required to complete the task at hand. The rest were reduced to embryos and stored in vast caverns built within the hollowed out planet. There are nearly 6 billion persons stored this way. 

They built a massive computer complex to oversee everything. Built engines based on their knowledge of gravity wells (as an engineer I wanted to see those) and with the computer in control proceeded to plot a course to a new star. Their calculations told them that they would be torn not only from their parent star but completely out of their galaxy, so they built sensors that would allow the computer to search for and navigate to stars of the same spectral type as their own.

400 years ago the computer sensed the changes that were being imposed on Bella and knowing that these kind of workings required a reasonable level of intelligence adjusted the course to enter this system and place itself in orbit around this star. Sensors that can read from over 400 years away, WOW!

I sat there for over an hour listening to all the information being put forth and noticed that the 'greeter' was gone. As I pondered getting up to look around I was presented with a startling sight, before me stood a woman; absotively posolutly a WOMAN!

She was about 175cm tall, 57kilos, teal colored skin, violet eyes and no body hair, as I could see every centimeter of her glorious body. In place of hair on her head she had two distinct 'tentacles' is the only way to describe them. She had four breasts, 91C if I miss my guess, 75cm waist and 86cm hips and built like a goddess.

She stepped forward and spoke in perfect English; "My name is Vivianna and I am yours Jason. I am a construct; a sophisticated clone you would say, and the computer has made me for you based on information gathered from your mind when it was scanned. I am representative of what the people of this planet look like; you were not allowed to see any people in the presentation until I could be brought forward to make it less of a shock. My voice and personality were adapted from your personal requirements and applied to one of the embryos removed from storage and grown to full size."

"I was created for you and to be a liaison between your people and mine. We must share this system and with our technology it would be a great thing for both our races," she says.

"I'm not in any position to make that kind of arrangement as I am only the local law enforcement official not a direct part of the government on Earth. There is a ship on its way here with officials from our Galactic Council and they will be able to make the decisions as to what your status here will be; but know that I will do my best to see to it that you and your people can call this system home," I tell her.

We discussed all that could be done for her people but the one thing I needed to do was contact the ships in orbit at the quarantine line to let them know that everything was OK and let them have access to the files in the computer on my ship. Vivianna contacted the control computer and had the shield altered so that communications were possible via my ship to the 'Q' ring and from there to Bella itself. 

Chapter 6

Bella is mainly an agricultural world but it has huge quantities of natural resources, mineral wealth as yet untapped but with Delot in the system and their gravity well technology Bella could be the center for a new scientific revolution.

"Jason," Vivianna called "it is time for you to rest and eat so that you can do your best for those that will need you." 

"You are right. Is your control computer still sorting through the data downloaded from my ship?" I asked. 

"Yes it is, and it will be at least another 6hrs before it will be finished." 

"Then I think that I will get some sleep," I replied

She looked at me and asked, "Are you sure sleep is what you want?"

"What else did you have in mind?" I asked. 

"Well, I was made just for you and I am a fully functional... living... breathing... female of my species," she replied

"And?" I asked 

"Unless the scans got it all wrong, that large bulge coming and going in your trousers all day tells me that you have had other ideas on your mind for most of the last 5hrs. She was right. And as I find you most appealing I find myself quite aroused and ready for intercourse," she stated quite matter of factly.

As I reached for and took her hand I felt an almost electric shock go through me and I was instantly at full mast, ready, willing and able to do what men and women have been doing for eons.

"That is not supposed to happen," she said startled, "there should not have been any shock from our contact. It is not possible as you are not Delotian."

"What are you talking about?" I ask.

"When two Delotian that are psychologically, physically and genetically 'soul bonded' meet for the first time there is an electrical discharge between them that syncs there life forces in such a manner that they cannot be parted for long without serious detrimental effects to their health. But you are not Delotian."

"Well you did say that the computer made you for me, maybe it went all the way and setup the bond you speak of as if I was Delotian. All I know is I want you right here right now." And I grabbed her up into my arms and kissed her. We sparked again and she moaned into the kiss as I felt a sudden rush of heat where our pelvises were in contact.

I picked her up and carried her as directed to a small room used as a bunk area by the staff as this building was being built. I placed her on one of the beds and nearly ripped my uniform from my body in my urgency. I layed down beside her and kissed her again and as I touched her breast she moaned and placed her hand on my cock stroking it with a gentle caress. I moved my mouth to her breast and was surprised to find her erect nipples sticking out almost 15mm and as stiff as my cock. 

I moved my hand to her mound and found it to be perfectly smooth, greatly enlarged and prominent and very, very HOT! She started moaning, squirming around and humping up to my hand as I caressed her neither lips. Suddenly I felt a rush of hot liquid as she came on my fingers crying out; "Oh great maker I am cumming; more Jason, I want more." I moved to another tit as I crawled over her to get between her legs and saw that her pussy lips were inflamed and working of their own accord sucking at the air to guide my cock to her sopping love tunnel. She was so hot that as I made contact with her lips I thought my cock was going to melt but I slowly pressed my tool into her tight hole. 

She cried out; "It's so big; please don't stop; I'm cumming again." Now I'm no great shakes in the cock department only about 18cm long and 5.5cm in dia. but she was as tight as a pussy could be and still get a cock in it. It helped that she was incredibly wet and her orgasmic fluids were very slippery. As I bottomed out I felt her pussy start milking me with a ripple motion as she tried to pull my meat deeper and deeper into her. I pulled back with her pussy clinging to me like a milking machine cup on an udder teat. 

I drove my cock back into her as she lifted her hips to take me even deeper and my cock head caressed her cervix. With each in and out stroke she milked me and tried to pull me deeper into her; suddenly as I felt my balls erupt and I drove into her I felt her cervix open and engulf me as her pussy clamped down around me and locked my cock deep within her. I couldn't move she held me so tight; all I could do was continue to pump cum deep into her eagerly sucking cunt. I'm sure I came half a liter as she milked every last drop from my drooling cock. As I went flaccid she cuddled up next to me and whispered, "Never could I have dreamed of such a love making as I just received. It must be as you said that the computer went to every detail to make me just for you in every way."

As looked at her I noticed that her eyes were changing color and asked; "Why are your eyes no longer violet, they are more of a burgundy red color?" 

She jumped from the bed and went the washroom staring into the mirror. As she turned to me she had tears in her eyes and she was holding her abdomen. "Bye the great maker," she said, "I am more complete than I thought. You have just inseminated me."

"Say what?" I said incredulously.

"I am with child. Delotian women's eyes change from violet to deep red when they become pregnant. The change takes place as soon as the egg implants. The computer, it seems, as you said, went to the extremes in every detail to make me just for you."

I sat down hard with a lump in my throat wondering, 'NOW WHAT.' I took her in my arms and kissed her and caressed her and laid her down and made passionate love to her for at least another hour before succumbing to the need for sleep.

Chapter 7

I awoke with my arms wrapped tightly around Vivianna and marveled at the turn of events. I was going to be a father. After 20 years in the patrol a woman I could not be without had come into my life and I was going to be a father. 

The next two weeks were hectic as her control computer started bringing the people into being and setting them to the job at hand of thawing out all the necessities of life buried deep within the planet. The Council delegates finally showed up and after a few tense moments agreed with Vivianna and I that Delot would be a welcome addition to the Bella system and to the Council as well. The Council saw the writing on the wall, the technology available from Delot would aid the entire group of worlds in general and the Bella system in particular.

Vivianna gave birth to a son and a daughter, Tom and Hope, 11 months after our first time together and then I retired from the patrol. 

<><><><><>

We live on Bella and I am the representative to Bella from Delot. 

It has been 5yrs and we have 6 more children as there have been three more sets of twins and I noticed that Vivianna's eyes were once again red this morning. Oh, I'm not the only one with a Delotian mate; that is one sneaky control computer.

The End?