 This is my first submission ever. Tell me what you think! 

All characters within the story are over 18.

*****

"Wake up, Roland! They're going to leave soon!"

Mother's call woke me from a deep sleep. It was easy to get lost in boredom in the small town of Nochez, in the middle of the great woods. The tavern was the only thing around, and when you were tired of getting drunk there wasn't much else to do than sleep, or fuck. Many men and woman formed desires for each other in this small town of Nochez, where nothing quite really happened. Until today. Standing up, I glanced through my window on the second story to the streets. King's men paraded through on their horses, ironclad in the finest armor the smithies of the Kingdom could offer. I opened the door and glanced down the hall. Sister was still asleep, most likely tired from another one of her late night "dinners" with Caitlyn, the town whore. Everyone loved to talk to her, but the only thing they could think about was burying their face in her fat tits.

Mother called again. Rushing downstairs, I was greeted with the sight of a large plate of eggs. The aroma matched with the cedar smell our wooden house gave off. My mother, Karyn, stood there proudly.

"You ought to eat well n' full before the army takes you off, my little boy."

I smiled towards her while my eyes drifted across the room, searching. "Where is Father?" I said.

Her gaze darkened immediately, eyes shooting down. "He's with the army, preparing. He left early."

I gingerly sat down and began to eat my eggs. Father was a highborn, a Noble of the land, while my mother was simply a lowborn. I, born a bastard, was given a good situation. Instead of being cast out, my father ensured I had a good upbringing in the town of Nochez. It was now, at the end of Winter, that I would be sent off in a random chapter of the military to serve my years. I was not to do that without a little ale. After I finished my eggs, I waved goodbye to mother and headed out the door. Crossing the militia infested street, I made my way up to the quaint tavern of ours. It was made of Ancient Oak, a rare wood that came from thousands of years ago. The walls were brazen and hardy, and the wood smelled of blackberry jam. It was a favorite past time to visit the tavern and drink yourself to death. Others came for the girls.

I quickly grabbed a mug of Aubern Black while I made my way to the 2nd floor, where Erin worked. Erin was a simple tavernkeep girl, but was the fantasy of every boy in Nochez. She was given bountiful hips by the Gods, with large heaving breasts that stuck of defiantly under the weight of her clothing. Her legs were long and toned, with plump thighs that ran down to petite calves. Her ass stuck out gracefully, rounded and sculpted to a lusty ethereal delight. Golden hair fell down to her shoulders, accompanied with brown eyes that always seemed to be filled with lust. Her gown was split in two at the legs, and every stride she took the boys and men alike got a glimpse at her graceful thighs. She sauntered down the isles to where I sat, sitting down next to me. 

I glanced over at her voluptuous figure, downing half of the ale. A sly, horny smile traced across her lips. "You want me, don't you?" she whispered, a scent of rosemary blossom carried by her breath drifting across my nose.

I grunted in response. "You like to tease, don't you?"

"If you ever come back, war boy, I'm going to give you a proper fucking." Her hands glided down to my now throbbing cock. She licked her lips as her grip squeezed by cock. A soft groan escaped by lips, which she immediately picked up on. "You're a horny little boy, aren't you?" Her lips found mine, and an unfamiliar tongue slipped into my mouth. Her tongue danced and writhed with my mine. Our saliva slipped together, and her tongue ran through as she explored my mouth. This happened in less than a second before she pulled away. Standing up, she made way back to her job, bending down extra to emphasize her bust. I grumbled angrily to myself, slamming the mug back down onto the counter and taking my leave.

The Kings Men packed up outside, preparing for the long journey ahead. Finding the nearest corporal I could, I asked of the whereabouts of my father, Lord Tritus. He shook his head, hoarsely speaking out. "He rode with a group of light cavalry out this morning. He is gone, my boy. You'll see him in a few months, when we regroup outside Faidra."

My mind was distracted from my father. "Faidra?"

"Aye, boy. Didn't you know? We're at war with the Elven Nation."

The news struck me harder than I'd imagine. The Elven Nation was one of mystery and intrigue, and they rarely interacted with the realms of man or the orcish hordes. His following statement explained why.

"They've kidnapped the beloved Imperial Princess, and the Elf Prince rapes her in his sex dungeons. We must retrieve her. We'll get you fitted in armor soon enough, you'll be with the cavalry divison. Be careful... they're a little rowdy. Good luck, Roland."

The corporal sent me off to a series of white and red tents that stunk of sex and drunkenness. Flipping through the main tent, I was greeted with the sight of a large man with a fat whore on his lap. The only thing I could think of when I saw her was: big. Her globes seemed to ignore gravity, hanging in the air. They must have been the biggest breasts I've had ever seen. Her legs were chunky, but smooth with impossible curves. Her face was chubby yet held an insatiable look, hungering for cum and cock wherever she would go. Her eyes drifted down to his now growing, sizable package. She groaned out to the built man underneath her, "Barbo, have you brought another one of your dogs to lap at my cunt? Its getting hungry."

Barbo, the head cavalry corporal, heaves out his statement in a thundering tone that even quivered his finely combed moustache. "There's a dog in my tent, but not for you. Get up, you pretty little fuck. I'll come to you later." She gets up, squealing lightly as he slaps her ass. She drifted out of the tent, running a hand along my shoulder as she went by. Barbo squinted at me, grunting once more. "Who are you?"

I stammered. "Roland, of Nochez. I've been sent here to serve." Barbo immediately lightened the mood, grinning with mustache and all. He stood up, walking up and patting me on the head.

"Good, good! We'll teach you all about cavalry." he said in a cheery tone.

"Ah, the saddles, the taming! How to turn left, right, and speed up? Or to lead an archer assault?"

Barbo turned around, grinning. "Sure, that. But there is the infamy with the cavalry chapter, the things that make us tough son of a bitches."

I raised an eyebrow. "What is that?"

"We fuck, we whore, we pillage, we kill, boy! When we take a city, we take it good."

I glanced around the tent, now seeing the fallen relics of conquered cities. "We will take Faidra?"

He nods. "If we win the battles. Tough shit, those Elves. They have all the sorcerers and wizards as we do cavalry! It will be a tough war."

"I don't think you'd allow yourself to lose."

He grinned, grabbing a cup of wine and drinking it in a single fell. "You're damned right! You've ever taken an Elf girl, before?? I shook my head. "They are the tallest ones, with the roundest asses, and their bosoms.. gods... they're bigger than the fat whore who ran out not some time ago. They're thousands of years old, and they know how to fuck Elves, Men, Orcs, anyone!"

My cock surged back to life at the thought of immortal goddesses with the gifts of many. "And we're.. we're going there?"

He walks up to me, towering over with gargantuan mass. "After we're done pillaging the city and killing the men, we're going to rape and fuck every single elf girl there. And you're going to take part."