 "Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou, oh Romeo?" Julia Mason loudly burst out laughing as she did whenever she chanted those words. She knew very well where Romeo was - hanging in her bedroom closet where she always kept him stored when he wasn't fucking her brains out. 

Romeo Robot was the perfect lover for Julia - with a long, supple tongue and a big cock that was always hard. He never watched football games on television or ogled other girls on the street or complained about the money she spent on clothing or shoes. In fact, he never made any demands on his mistress at all except she had to periodically charge his batteries and add fresh water to his oral reservoir for those times when she had him eat her pussy. She also had to wash her leftover fluids off him, especially his big, hard shaft, but that was strictly a matter of her own fastidiousness. If she had chosen, she could have left it alone but she liked to suck his cock now and then and had no desire to taste her own stale pussy juices or refuse from other parts of her body. 

It wasn't that Julia had any urgent need for her robot lover. She was 25 years old but intelligent and worldly enough to hold up her side of a conversation and her face was attractive, with her curly brown hair, brown eyes and clear complexion. She did carry a few extra pounds but she carried them in the right places. Her breasts were big and soft with large pink nipples and not a drop of silicone, while her ass and thighs were big and curvy and no man had ever expressed any complaint about them. Her reasons for pleasuring herself with a battery-operated lover were for her own convenience and peace of mind, rather than anything lacking in her. 

On this day, she had been watching a pornographic videotape on her computer and needed someone - or something - to alleviate her resulting sexual arousal. This was the only reason she had bought Romeo - to take care of her needs when she didn't want to take the time to call or email a man and sweet talk him into coming over to her apartment. Of course, the robot didn't actually have a name, except for a serial number, when he had been ordered online. She had decided to call him "Romeo" because she enjoyed the Shakespearean work and because her name is so similar to that of the other main character. In addition, she liked the alliteration. 

"Your Juliet awaits you," she continued as she wheeled the automaton out of the closet and into her bedroom. The bed had been prepared before her going to the closet and was covered only with a bottom sheet and her pillows. 

Julia had removed all her clothing while watching the videotape and playing with her clit and she never bothered to buy clothing for Romeo, considering such a thing to be a pointless additional expense and a nuisance to remove so she left him naked in the closet. While he stood with the fronts of his legs pressing against the edge of the mattress, she turned on his power, climbed onto the bed and lay on her back with a pillow under her head. 

Romeo had been programmed at the factory to climb onto a bed when he was in the position he was then and he did so, with Julia helping him by steering his lifelike plastic body into a kneeling position between her spread thighs. Seeing his erect, eight inch white cock with the pale pink head, she decided to start by sucking on it for a while. Being a mechanical device under his tanned silicone skin, he would not derive any pleasure from it, nor would he ejaculate but his erection looked exactly like the real thing. From past experience, Julia knew it felt just as real so she would enjoy the sensation almost as much as sucking on a real cock, which was something she always liked to do. 

Her mechanical lover was still kneeling near the foot of the bed so Julia pushed her pillow out of the way and turned her body so she was lying face down in front of him. Out of habit, she smiled up at his face Romeo's his stoic features would not change to smile back unless she used his controls to tell him to do so. With her right hand, she gently held the hard artificial cock while she bent forward and started to lick the shaft. Whoever had developed the skin that covered him there had done a perfect job; the artificial covering felt exactly like the real thing, even to the point of having blood vessels and irregularities as if Romeo had been circumcised. 

Probably the best and most realistic feature was the head. It was pink and had the correct mushroom shape and the covering skin felt like soft velvet under Julia's tongue. There was even a small slit in the end but she knew it was not functional. No semen would ever gush from there. That didn't bother her and she probed the tip of her tongue into the small opening as if it were the cock of a real, live boyfriend. 

Until that time, Romeo had been stationary, except for having climbed onto the bed because there was no reason for him to be moving. That changed after his owner stroked his cock a few times between her lips. Julia reached her arm around his hip, found the dials that controlled his thrusting speed and depth, and turned them to the slowest speed and most shallow penetration. Romeo started stroking into her open mouth and she quickly matched his slow pace, sucking his cock at the same tempo and caressing the shaft with her tongue as she liked doing with live men. Once again, strictly out of habit, she glanced up at his impassive face but that was the last time she did. 

Julia was lying face down so she adjusted her position slightly so she could reach under her naked body and start fondling her clit, also at the same pace as Romeo's big cock filling her mouth. She was already swollen and aroused from the videotape she had been watching but hadn't started lubricating yet. That changed in a few minutes and she continued sucking Romeo's cock until she was wet enough to take it into her pussy. Giving him head was a pleasant and erotic sensation but fucking was a lot more fun, and was the main reason she had bought him in the first place. 

Once again, Julia reached around Romeo's hip to the dial that governed his thrusting speed and this time she turned it off so she could remove her mouth from the lifelike silicone cock. After getting onto her back again with her pillow in place for her head, she repositioned Romeo's arms to reaching straight forward so they would be supporting his weight when he lay atop her. She pulled him forward and slid under his form as she had learned to do, until her pussy made the initial contact with his cock. Julia had no need for a condom because she was the only woman using his services and he could not possibly impregnate her. 

Holding her pussy lips spread with the thumb and fingers of one hand, she held his cock to guide it into position. When she felt the head was in the proper position, she turned his thrusting on again, with the same shallow and slow settings as she had used before. Julia felt the tip ease its way between her thumb and fingers and drew her breath in sharply between her teeth when the head wedged into the slick pink place where it was intended to go. She let the first few strokes continue to be slow and shallow until she reached down and increased them both. Her body started to writhe in pleasure as she reveled in the greater speed and deeper penetration. 

"Give it to me, Romeo," she murmured into his ear, even though she knew the organ was completely non-functional. 

But his other parts were working perfectly. Romeo's cock surged into Julia's pussy at the speed and to the depth she had ordered and she fucked back to meet it. Again, after a few more strokes and more lubrication flowing from her pussy, she turned up the speed and depth again so most of the length of the robot's shaft was plunging in and out of her needy pink hole. She would never use the maximum settings because one would have been too fast for her and the other would have driven into her too deeply. Julia she liked to meet the surge of Romeo's cock part way, as she would have done with a real man. 

"Yeah! Yeah!" she trilled. "Stick that big cock in me! Fuck me like a bitch in heat. Make me your slut!" 

As she gave him orders Julia thrashed about on the bed, her hips swiveling and her pussy slamming back to meet his thrusts because Romeo's cock was so big it was hitting all her sweetest spots, especially the base of her clit. While her body moved, her hands did too, caressing the robot's sides and back as she liked to do with all her lovers. When ordering Romeo, Julia had been offered a choice of body hair and had chosen to have a hairless robot because she liked to stroke her sex partners as she was doing then with Romeo and hair would have been just a distraction. He did have pubic hair so she could tickle her face with it when giving him a blow job but his body was otherwise bare. 

The fucking continued for a long time and Julia's climax slowly mounted, which was also the way she liked to do. Besides his staying power, the main advantage of a robot lover such as Romeo was that he would never be in a hurry. He would plunge his cock in and out of whatever orifice the user wanted serviced and never be in any hurry to come, thereby giving his partner as much time as she wanted to build up to a monumental orgasm. That last feature was what Julia liked the most about Romeo and she was making full use of it that day in her bed. 

When she reached her peak of excitement, with her body in constant motion and her head rolling from side to side on the pillow, Julia reached down and turned Romeo's speed up to the highest level she dared use. His big cock started surging into her at the fastest speed yet that day and she continued to match it. 

"Give it to me! Fuck me harder! Make me come!" 

Seconds later, that is what the automaton did. Like a giant eruption of joy, her climax crashed through her body. Julia's whole form shook and a second, even stronger, explosion of ecstasy inundated her as she finished coming. After her orgasm, she relaxed completely on the bed but, of course, Romeo continued driving his cock in and out of her pussy until she reached down to his control and turned the settings to "Off." He withdrew and stopped and Julia lay on her back for a few minutes, resting and catching her breath. She wasn't through using her mechanical lover, however, because there was something else she wanted Romeo to do for her. 

She loved having her pussy eaten and, for Julia, the best time was right after fucking because her lips and clit were still swollen and would be especially sensitive. She pushed Romeo down toward the foot of the bed and slid herself slightly closer to the head. When she was satisfied with the new location, Julia readjusted Romeo's arms, pulling him down until his face was just above her avid pussy. With another small adjustment, his mouth was exactly where she wanted it. 

The robot had a second set of controls, similar to the ones on his hip, which were located on the side of his head. For this particular sex thrill, Julia would have to hold on to Romeo's head and steer his face and tongue to whatever part of her pussy was most in need. She turned the head controls on, minimum speed at first, and the robot's tongue snaked out of his mouth to begin licking one of her pussy lips with an up and down motion. 

"Ooooo, yeah, I love it when you do that."

Romeo's tongue was designed to give pleasure to women, flipping up and down to caress her where she wanted it. The organ was made of plastic, similar to his cock but much softer and more flexible. The upper surface and all around the tip and edges were covered with a myriad of tiny suction cups, intended to have a slightly abrasive effect on any part of her pussy where the tongue was being applied. Romeo's cleverly designed upper giver of joy was working perfectly and Julia could feel pleasure rippling through her body from wherever she used it. 

"Yeah! Yeah! Just like that," she murmured as she eased Romeo's face upward on the first lip, all the way to her Mount of Venus. 

Replicating what she likes real men to do, Julia switched the robot's head to the other side of her pussy and sighed happily when his lingual caresses felt just as good to her there. Once again, she moved the slowly oscillating tongue upward along a sensitive pussy lip until she reached her mons. By that time, her whole body was rocking from side to side and she was fucking up against Romeo's face. She knew she was at the highest level of sexual excitement she was going to reach and that it was time for her to come. 

When a real man is eating her out, Julia always wants him to finish by sucking on her clit while his tongue fondles the engorged sweet spot but Romeo did not have that capability. This was his only shortcoming but she did not regard it as being a serious one. She turned the control on the side of his head to one of the fastest and held his face against her clit. The plastic tongue vibrating pn the sweetest of her sweet spots sent massive waves of delight washing through her body as she pitched and tossed all over the bed. 

"Yes! Oh, god! Make me come," she ordered her mechanical lover. 

As if he understood, the greatest wave of all crashed over her, inundating her with joy. Julia cried out ecstatically as she came and all her muscles clenched at the same time. After her orgasm, she relaxed completely, having just enough presence of mind to turn off the robot's tongue. 

Julia lay in bed for the next half hour, with a great feeling of warmth and joy saturating her body until she finally got up to tend to the cleanup. She went to the bathroom and washed all her juices from her pussy and everywhere they had splattered before going back to do the same for her mechanical lover's face and body. After cleaning off his mouth area and permanently erect cock, she wheeled him back to the closet and hung him in his usual place. That evening, she had enjoyed two great orgasms and would experience many more over the next few years. Romeo had a five year warranty and she hoped he would last much longer than that. 

All-in-all, Julia considered the purchase of her sex robot to be the smartest and best investment she had ever made.