 This story is purely fiction. I hope you enjoy it and my other stories that I have written. I appreciate comments and an occasional suggestion. Stay tuned for the fourth and final chapter in this story.

The past few days had been some of the most exhausting of my life, including all my years of slavery. Since I took Rebecca and Trance, I’ve been sleeping with them both at least once a day and to make matters worse, Romie’s avatar keeps cranking on me with combat drills and practices, each more intense than the other. But what takes the most out of me are the threesomes that Trance, Rebecca, and myself have during our off time.

Anyway. I was on my way to the “Combat Training Room” as I called it, when out of nowhere Romie appeared.

“I need you to come with me to the Brig Nick.” She said.

“What for?” I asked.

“Because I need to ask you a few questions and the Brig is the most secluded and private area on the ship.” She replied.

“Why can’t we just go to the observation deck?” I asked. “No one is usually there during this time.”

“Because I need to talk with you in private, and I don’t want anybody to interrupt our conversation, now come along.” She said and grabbed me by the hand and practically drug me all the way to the Brig, along the way she gave a “gentle” squeeze on my wrist, making bones pop, just to let me know I wasn’t going anywhere. On the way there we passed Harper who just gave me a questioning look. I just shrugged my shoulders and shook my head and we continued to make our way to the Brig. Once inside Romie locked the door.

“You know, you should have been in here days ago, don’t you?” She asked.

“What do you mean Romie?”

“I know you raped Rebecca. I also know you raped Trance a couple of days later.”

“So everyone knows by now?” I asked.

“No. Only the four of us know.” She replied. “How come you didn’t come after me?” She asked.

“Well, because you’re an android and if I tried, you could probably kill me about ten times before I hit the floor.” I replied.

“Both are valid points, but I wouldn’t harm you, and as for being an android, well you’re only half right. I mean, I am an android but thanks to Harper I have all things that a human female has, and as far as I can tell they all work. Maybe he thought he’d have a chance with me or something.” I just shook my head. “I know that you don’t believe me, so I’m gonna prove it.” And before I knew it, Romie had me tied to a pole. “I’ve seen the security videos and I know all of your tricks.” Romie slowly slid her High Guard uniform off. To say her body was beautiful was a severe understatement, you could’ve taken the best looking women in this universe and put them together, and still not get anything as beautiful as Romie was. Her breasts were quite large, probably in the upper C range, and they stood straight and firm with no hint of sagging, thanks to Harper’s engineering. The rest of her upper body was nice and slender, her hips gave a little flare, and the rest of the way down, was smooth, silky looking skin. She slowly sauntered over to me, took notice of my cock pressing against my pants. Romie gave me an evil smile. “I think that we’ll both enjoy this.”

As Romie slowly drew nearer and nearer to me, I started to panic. Who wouldn’t be? I mean, here’s this “living robot” that wants to fuck me, fucking I have no problem with, but when it comes to sleeping with something that can crush a man’s bones with one hand, that’s where I draw the line. I was in too much of a panicked state to even move. Suddenly, Romie ran her smooth hand over my chest and in one jerk ripped off my shirt and in another, my pants soon joined the remains of my shirt on the floor. “I really am going to enjoy this Nick, and I can guarantee you that you will also.” My legs were closed tightly but my hard eight-incher stood straight up between them, waiting for Romie. She leaned in and started to kiss me, then she suddenly forced her tongue past my tight lips and into my mouth. After she French kissed me for a few minutes, something suddenly squirted into my mouth. Romie held my nose until I swallowed all of the liquid, and as she let go of my nose, I had a sweet aftertaste in my mouth.

“What the hell did you just dump into my mouth?” I asked.

Romie just smiled and said, “I gave you a more potent form of an old human medicine called Viagra. Men who couldn’t get an erection took this medicine and it gave them an erection from one to two hours at a time, but mine is a lot better. My version, my weaker version gives the taker an erection for two to three hours and also permanently increases the users penis size by a full inch. But the size only changes once, no matter how many times the drug is taken.” My eyes bugged at the news of this added bonus.

“I think I have an interesting idea,” she said. She stood on my chair and as she was attaching some cables to an overhead beam, her completely bald mound stared me right in the face. Instinctively, I stuck my tongue out and swiped it across her pussy lips. Immediately she froze in place. “Do that again,” she commanded. Again I gave a quick swipe with my tongue and Romie actually moaned out. “Do that some more please?” she asked. Well how could I reject a plea from a deadly android, a sexy one at that? Quickly, I stuck my tongue out and ran it slowly up her delicate “petals”. Surprisingly, Romie moaned out.

“Nick? If I release you, will you continue to do that to me?” She asked.

“Well, I…I guess I could, if that’s what you really want,” I replied.

“I do. I really love the feeling that your tongue gives me.” She quickly undid my hand restraints. Then she lay down on the cot near the adjacent wall and spread her legs as far as they would go.

“Romie, you don’t need to spread them so far.”

She smiled and said, “Sorry.” Then she brought her legs back together so they were almost closed. I climbed onto the bed, gently spread her legs, and lowered my face down to her ‘sex’. She even smelled like a real woman.

“Wow Romie,” I said.

“What?” She asked. I conveyed the thought to her.

She smiled, “It’s all in an effort to make the experience as real as possible.”

“Well, so far it seems pretty real.”

Romie just smiled and said, “Please continue. Your tongue feels so good on me.”

I smiled now, “Whatever you want.” I lowered my head down to her moist sex and started to gently lick around her soft lips. Romie gave a little moan every now and then. I figured since she saw the videos of my exploits, I figured that I’d do things just a little bit differently. Instead of giving Romie a long, drawn out orgasm, I figured that I’d give her a quick one.

Suddenly the Andromeda’s holographic image appeared in the cell.

“What do you think you’re doing?” The hologram asked the avatar.

“It feels so good,” replied the avatar, “you really need to connect with me and experience the pleasure Nick’s giving me.” All the while I just kept on gently licking Romie’s soft, pussy flesh. A few moments later, I saw the hologram’s eyes roll slightly back into her head and then they returned to normal. Almost instantly, the stern look on her face changed into an expression of joy. The hologram started to bite her lip. The avatar also bit her lip, but she was now beginning to caress her bare breasts, while the hologram seemed to rub her covered breasts. I moved up to where her clit would be and started to slowly lick.

Romie’s eyes closed and rolled back into her head and I had only just barely begun to lick her. I gently slid a finger in between her lips and slowly run it up and down the length of them. Her body seemed to vibrate lightly as I rubbed her. Next, I took another finger from my other hand and gently spread her lips apart. She had to have had one of the best and cutest cunnies I had seen in my entire life. It had a nice, deep, blood red color in some spots, and a cute pink in others. Slowly and gently, I licked from the bottom of her all the way up to her clit, eliciting a few moans out of her and one sharp one once I reached her clit.

Then I caught her off guard because I gently bit down on her clit, getting a small scream in response as her body began to vibrate even faster than before, now it was time to get this little sex bot a treat. I leaned back a bit and exhaled the last bit of breath that I had. I put my mouth back up to her sex and suddenly inhaled a lot of her moist muffin including her sweet little clittie. Romie almost threw me off of her, she sat up so fast. I was still suckling on her flesh, I grabbed a hold of one of her breasts and pushed her backwards, she immediately lay back down. I ran my tongue all over the sweet pussy flesh, rubbing on her clit in the process, this caused Romie to give a quick buck.

Now, it was time to finish her off. I released the flesh from my mouth and moved up a little to her clit. I sucked the sensitive bud into my mouth and gently bit on it while rapidly flicking my tongue against it, immediately she began to shake more. Her legs locked tight around my head, squeezing my skull against my brain as her juices erupted from her and flowed down my chin. After a few minutes she loosened her legs and immediately, the blood began to flow back into my brain, as more blood pumped into my head, the darker my vision came, once her legs were resting on the bed again I started to swoon from side to side. I lay my head down on her soft mound, trying to catch my breath.

I guess Romie heard me panting because she sat up and looked down at me. She smiled at me and said, “Sorry about that. Sometimes I forget my own strength.” I just nodded in reply. “Here, let me do something for you.” Most of my breath returned when she pulled me up to her and set me against the wall with my legs spread. I didn’t know what she planned on doing, but I did know that I was harder than I ever was before and really needed something to be done about it. I guess the hologram disconnected from the avatar because she said in her calm, serious voice, “You might want to hurry up, you’ve been in here almost half an hour. Everyone is starting to wonder what’s happened to Nick. Right now they believe that you two are training but I don’t know how much longer they’ll buy it.”

Romie rolled her eyes, “Well, so much for that idea, but we’ll save that for another time.” I was pretty sure I knew what she was thinking but I put it out of my mind. “But for now, I think we should hurry up and finish before they come and find us.”

“I don’t have a clue what you’re thinking but if you don’t do something, my cock is going to explode and I’ll be completely useless.”

Romie just replied with a smile, “Well, I’m going to take care of you and if your cock does explode I can always make you a new one.” After she said this she gave me a wink. “Now it’s time to see what Rebecca and Trance keep raving about.”

“What do you mean?” I asked. “Did they tell you or something?”

For like the millionth time during this encounter, she smiled at me, “No. But I am everywhere on the ship at all times. I know what happens at all hours of the day. But I have heard nothing bad about how good you are, but I think I’ll take control of this because once you come, you’ll probably pass out because it’ll be the most intense sensation that you’ve ever felt in your life.”

I nodded and I’m not ashamed to admit that I was scared out of my wits. I swallowed hard. The fear of what she was about to do kept on rising and rising throughout my entire body until I could do nothing except tremble. I flinched at the extremely cold sensation coming from the wall. The hologram of Romie noticed this, suddenly, the wall felt kinda warm. I smiled and nodded at Romie. 

Immediately she had a kind of concerned look and said, “I’m being summoned elsewhere on the ship. Hurry up and finish.” Avatar Romie nodded and the hologram disappeared. 

She crawled over to me and spread my legs. “Ready?” She asked. I could only nod. She smiled and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll be gentle on you.” Romie raised herself up, grabbed a hold of my eight-inch…er…now nine-inch cock and impaled herself with it, all the way to the hilt. Actually, I was kind of surprised because she felt extremely loose. I guess that Romie could tell what was wrong with me because she just smiled and said, “Wait, it gets a lot better.” She no more than said that when I felt her vaginal muscles tighten around me until the point where I thought she’d cut if off. Thankfully she stopped.

Romie saw the look on my face, “Feel good?” she asked. My eyes were kind of rolled back and all I could do was nod. Then things got really intense. Romie started to ride me and I thought that that sensation was intense, boy how wrong was I. After only a couple of minutes, I was on the verge of cumming, but Romie, somehow sensing this would tighten her muscles so I wouldn’t cum too quickly. This torture went on for almost ten minutes or so but then I had a very strange feeling. It was almost as if someone had taken a vibrator and was running it up and down my penis. Then it quickly dawned on me that it was Romie who was vibrating, her vaginal muscles were doing the vibrating and each time that she ran up and down the length of my shaft, it felt as if my penis were a large, female clit. The sensation was just so intense that my toes kept on curling tight into each other and my eyes repeatedly rolled back into my head.

She put her face into the crook of my neck, breathed heavily and asked, “Are you ready to cum my darling?”

I don’t know how I was able to manage it, but I was able to stutter out a ‘Yes’

“Okay my love, get ready because I’m going to let you.” Romie replied. I just nodded rapidly in reply. Romie started to ride my harder and harder, I felt her vaginal muscles loosen just enough so I could cum. Just as I began to, Romie bit down hard on my neck, a very sensitive spot that not only set off my orgasm but intensified it as well. Romie thrust herself down all the way onto me, my orgasm hit me like a car smashing into a concrete building. I knew that my mouth was open, my eyes were rolled back into my head, and my toes curled up so tight that it hurt. My sperm rushed up and out of my penis in what felt like buckets and into the soft bed of Romie’s sex. I came for almost thirty seconds but the final after shocks of my orgasm didn’t fully go away until almost three hours after we left each other. I was completely and utterly spent. The only thing that I could do was lie back and breath hard while Romie dressed me expertly. She quickly got back into her clothes leaned down and gave me another kiss, while doing that I felt a sharp and quick prick in my arm and as quickly as it came, it was gone.

“What the hell was that?” I whispered to her.

“That was just a quick shot of adrenaline, it should be more than enough to get you back to your quarters, I’d advise you to get lots and lots of rest because I’ll be visiting you fairly soon and quite often.”

I have no clue how I was able to make it back to my quarters without just flat out passing out. I no more than walked in and laid down when there was a signal at my door. “Romie,” I said.

“Yes, Nick,” came the hologram’s reply.

“Tell whoever is out there that I’m busy and to go away. Afterwards, lock the door so I can get some sleep.”

“Yes Nick, I will do so immediately.”

I could almost hear the smirk in her voice. As I lay down onto my soft pillow, and began to fall asleep, I had no idea that Romie would kept her promise and would in fact be visiting me much sooner than I had expected, much much sooner…

To be continued…