 Note: Our narrators name is Tae. It is a Japanese name that should be pronounced "Tah-eh" to rhyme with tie. It is related to the root verb taeru (to endure or resist) and to an identically pronounced word that means (to die out or become extinct). It can be written several different ways to reflect it's meaning. And now, our story.

*

One hundred forty-seven stories up an me without a drop harness. I'm trying to keep my eyes on the subject but there's just so many distractions up here, what with the sheer side of the building and the activity in all the surrounding structures above and below. I can remember those days of training too, gliding down the null-g in a controlled accident that wasn't quite flying, but wasn't exactly falling either.

Overhead it's the bland dark sky that never changes day or evening, except to reflect the nebulous glow of the city lights yellow and red and blue. Looking over the edge is like looking into a dark but crystal clear sky where all the activity is kilometers above you. The depths rush upwards into your eyes causing a tickle in your tummy of something approaching fear. Normal and and accustom to sitting around in these high places I shouldn't even notice those feelings, but I do.

That tickle, that little itch down deep inside me. That's a feeling that's almost more trouble than it's worth. Adrenaline surges like that are something that a combat agent shouldn't let effect them, but once in a while someone like me comes along with a tolerance for such things. Becky... she's my partner, has been ignoring that tickle for so long I don't think she even feels it. 

Me, I'm different. I love it. I suppose that's why I stay with this job even though the odds of making it to thirty with my body still biological is unlikely. Becky knows all about that. You'd never know it, but she's just under the seventy-five percentile. Another couple of injuries and she'll have to retire what's left of her biologicals. 

Leaning over the railing I stare down at the nearly 500 meters of vertical glass and steel. The tickle causes my nipples to make tents of the spandex tank top I'm wearing and I feel constrained by the weapons harness. Still, the warm air rising up the side of the building gives the impression of a pair of hands caressing my face. It's a gentle contrast to the fear but no relief for what I'm feeling.

Over the exposed skin of my hands and neck I can feel the static ripple of the Projectile Trap. I've set it as low as safety allows but it's still turning me on. Combined with the fear tickle it's almost like foreplay. I've talked to some agents who have the same reaction, but curiously they seem disturbed by it. Not me.

Becky lowers the ocular from her eyes and glances over at me. "Tae, don't you think you should pull up your pants?"

Startled, I glance down. 'Crap! I did it again.' 

Truthfully I'm not wearing pants. Just like my arms and shoulders my legs and parts of my torso are encased in the slick rubbery material of the Projectile Trap. Over the top of that are the two thigh holsters and a pair of shorts, cut meagerly to just cover the area between my legs. Various parts of us can't be covered when we spray on the PT but too much clothing over the top of it makes it less effective.

It's these that Becky is glaring at. Without knowing it I've pulled them down around my thighs above the holsters, revealing the little bit of sexy skin the PT exposes. Hastily I pull them back up over my freshly moistened pussy.

"Really, you're hopeless." Becky isn't particularly upset with me, but it is embarrassing when this happens. "Can't you do anything without going all horny on me?"

"I'm sorry Becky. It's this damn PT. It tingles in all the right places. Fuck I'm wet."

"I swear you're the only girl in the section that gets turned on by that thing. I've been wearing one for more missions than you and I've never had that reaction." She almost sounded upset about that, as if I wanted this to happen.

Placing my hands on my hips I gave them a seductive thrust, and putting on my patented pout I stuck out my tongue. "It's not like I wear the thing for that. I really don't need any help to get turned on!"

"No," Becky replied evilly, and her face lost some of it's disinterested composure. "You don't need much of anything to get turned on." Suddenly she frightened me. We've been partners for two years, and known each other for several more. I have some idea of the things she's capable of.

"Sssss... Stop it Becky!" I cried and tried to put some space between us. "You're frightening me!" The rooftop was small and I was only partially successful.

"So you're wet and turned on are you?" As Becky moved closer to me she reached up and removed her helmet, allowing her blond hair to fall down around her shoulders. It was artificial, but still was nicer than my natural short brown/black hair. "You know, just thinking about Tae's sweet little box getting all wet is giving me a little tingle. What do you think of that?"

"Just stop it! We're on duty here!"

Abruptly I backed into the composite safety rail that skirted the rooftop and could retreat no farther. Still my partner advanced, her wicked expression turning knowing as she activated the sub-vocal mic implanted behind her ear. "Control? This is point three." I heard her voice both in front of me and deep inside my head as she contacted headquarters.

"Point three, go ahead." This time a silent voice on the rooftop that spoke just to us. As it dissipated Becky put a hand on my shivering shoulder, drawing me closer and touching her cheek to mine.

"There's no activity with the subject. We need about a twenty minute comfort break up here. Can you get points two and one to cover?" Her voice was a breeze that echoed over my ear, but sounded clear inside my brain. 

"Stand by point three.... Affirmative. Report when you are back on station."

"Acknowledged," Becky replied to the far off voice, and I felt her hands slip down over my ass where it was barely covered by a thin layer of spandex. "You want these off, don't you?" she continued only to me.

"Fuck, Becky! I'm so horny right now!" I was shaking under her touches, but unable either to defend myself or help her with what she was doing. "We really shouldn't be doing this here..."

Backing away slightly and standing over me like a guardian, she gently tripped the clasp on my weapons harness. Along with it's two smaller pistols and the combat knife it fell off my shoulders and clattered down to the ground. My tits were suddenly far more apparent, only barely contained by my tank top. In spite of my small size I'm built pretty good. I really should wear a bra.

"Mmmm. I've always admired your boobs, Tae. They're more round and firm than mine were, even though they're bigger." Slowly but without warning she reached out and gently cupped my left breast through it's slight covering. "And those big nipples just perfectly shaped for kissing."

The weird of my partner's will overtaking mine was keeping me motionless, though I practically itched to be fucked in every part of my body that could be fucked. Those nipples that Becky was raving about ached to be touched or kissed, and the moisture of my leaking pussy dampened my thighs right through the panties I was barely wearing. 

"I'm such a slut, Becky," I whispered to her as she slightly touched me. "I need to be fucked. I need to be fucked now!"

"What's that?" she asked unsurprised, but with that mocking tone to her voice. "My little cunt of a partner needs a woman to fuck her and get her off? Can't you find a man?"

Somewhere she struck a nerve, but still I whispered my agitation. "I can get any man I want, but there aren't any here. I need to be fucked right now! I need to be filled with something, anything! Please Becky, fuck me... Fuck me anywhere!"

"Humph. You're such a slut. You think you'll get your cunt filled just by asking? I may be wet just thinking about you, but you're going to have to earn it." To my dismay she released my tit and stood away from me, waiting with her knuckles on her slender waist. "So get on with it."

Tentatively, without really knowing what I was doing, I reached for her. "...but... Becky... My pussy..." It was all I could think of, the feel of my insides being filled, rubbed, fucked. A shaft rubbing the slippery folds of flesh was the only relief for what I was feeling. I nearly dripped.

"No! Not yet..."

Finally I reached the clasp of her weapons harness. She was dressed almost exactly as I was, except for the helmet that she had already discarded and some loose shorts that she wore instead of my bikini style panties. I popped the clasp and her harness fell away exactly as mine had moments before.

Her tank top was identical to mine with it's little platoon insignia, and just as mine did it showed off her tits better than if she were bare. It's strange, because her boobs aren't real. Due to wounds she's had them replaced, but they look more natural than mine do. They're roundish, and sag somewhat when they aren't constrained in some way. They're small too. The tight spandex of her tank top was enough support that she didn't need a bra at all. Her nipples are tiny, but show through that material as if it were her natural skin.

"Don't stop there!" Becky exclaimed as I became more tentative. "Or don't you want to be fucked?"

"My... My pussy really needs to be filled..." was all I could say. With a sudden burst of energy I pulled her tank top up and over her head. Still covered from wrist to shoulder with the PT material she looked almost armless now, with her body bare to the air. I knew better than to remove that black material because it was sprayed on in the ready room, but she still looked naked from the waist up. 

"You... You have pretty tit's Becky..." I managed to say through quivering lips.

"I bet you want to kiss them, don't you?" She thrust them towards me lavishly. "And maybe I'll let you before I fuck you, but you're not done yet."

Tingling hard between my legs and aching to be filled, I wanted to touch my pussy. Anything to relieve the desperate longing. Getting down on my spread knees before Becky I touched it's sensitive lips through the fabric of my panties. "It's... hard. My pussy..."

"You don't get to feel good before me, slut. Take my shorts off before you touch yourself!" She snapped at me, almost angrily. "Your cunt isn't going anywhere. 

Reluctantly I stopped. The short burst of relief was good, but almost painful in it's brevity. As instructed I took hold of Becky's shorts and drew them down over the PT material and the two thigh holstered side arms she wore. At the last moment she stepped out kicked them off across the roof.

She was bare beneath. I mean, she was really bare. In the ready room we don't usually see each other naked like the other sections. We have individual cubicles with shower and equipment for spraying on our gear before an operation. I'd never seen her completely, and I wouldn't have thought her the type to go bare. Of course, with her cybernetic components it was simple to maintain. No silly shaving or waxing like I had to go through!

"What do you think? Have you ever had a cybernetic lover?" Staring at it my pussy throbbed. While I watched she stroked it fondly with a finger, spreading the wetness it produced as if it were completely biological. From my close proximity I could even smell her fresh excited state like an electrical signal right to my pussy. I was dying to touch myself!

"It's.... Pretty. It's a pretty pussy." I was shaking even more in my frustration, as I watched a drop of her juice roll down her perfectly sculpted thigh. "I want... I want to taste it. Taste you."

"Really? Then you don't want to be fucked....?" Leering at me evilly she dropped down to my level. "Don't you want to feel your pussy filled, every centimeter, with a hard shaft? If you want me to finger fuck you, I will."

"Oh yes! I want you to fuck me!" I said falling away from her presence into the corner where two guard rails came together. She followed me getting ever closer.

"Spread you legs," she required of me, while pulling my tank-top up over the top of my tits exposing them. "If you want to play with your tits I won't stop you."

Gratefully I took them in my hands, squeezing aching masses and rolling my nipples between my fingers. Becky was busy between my legs but she was watching my hands as I played with my boobs. I felt her pull my panties off to one side exposing the drenched lips of my pussy and the tangle of hair that I kept trimmed for convenience. "You've also got a pretty pussy Tae, all tight and hot" she said and slowly, every so slowly, pushed a finger deep up my trembling cunt.

"OH!" I shouted happily in the privacy of our rooftop. "Deeper, Becky. Fuck me with your finger!" It wasn't enough. I wanted more than her little fingers, elegant as they were. I could feel every roll and curve of them pulling at my lips and causing a lovely friction with the sensitive tissue inside. It felt good and it relieved some of my need, but her finger fucking was as frustrating in it's own way as the teasing that led up to it. "Fuck me more!"

"So, my little slut want's more?" I couldn't see her face anymore. I had closed my eyes in my delight. "Maybe this?" Her finger was removed, and suddenly it was twice as big. She had twined two of her fingers together for a thicker, nicer shape. 

"Mmmm... That feels good. Keep fucking me with your fingers." My partner did as I asked, fucking me gently but occasionally removing her fingers. When she did this I looked down and caught her sucking off the sweet juices I was coating them with. "That feels really good, but I want to taste you too!"

Becky gave me a lingering smile and a long slow stroke before stopping. As I watched she inserted those same fingers that were giving me such pleasure right up into her own pussy, finger-fucking herself with great satisfaction. "I'll give you a quick taste now, but you have to wait for more."

Those fingers, sloppy with her pussy juice, were offered to my lips. I took them happily inside my mouth, rolling my tongue around and removing all the sweet mess from them that I could. It was both salty and sweet, with a delightful flavor that I can't describe. 

"I want more!" I whispered loudly, wanting both to taste her and to be fucked even harder.

"You have to cum first, slut," she said to me with a curious sound to her voice. Suddenly I felt something different touching the lips of my still aching cunt. It as larger than Becky's fingers, round, and somewhat cold. 

'What could it be?' I thought to myself before opening my eyes. 'It feels... Big... And... Really good!' 

Almost afraid to discover what the source of my pleasure was I looked down where Becky was playing. She had remove the combat knife from my weapons harness! She held it securely by the scabbard and was teasing the outer lips of my pussy with the metal pommel. Every few strokes she would insert the handle a little bit into my swollen cunt, which sent waves of pleasure up into my body. I loved it!

"Does my little slut like that?" she asked to the rhythm of my pleasured sighs. "I bet that's even better than a cock, isn't it?"

"It's... Good! Becky... it feels... Oh, don't stop fucking me!" The metal pommel and the ridged plastic handle of the knife tickled my pussy like nothing I'd ever felt. Each electric stroke brought me closer, and I almost forgot to play with my tits. "It feels so... so... good... I think... I'm going to cum... I'm going to..."

It was too much. I exploded under the motions of the knife hilt rubbing up down into my saturated pussy while I played happily with my nipples. My hips shook, my insides quivered, and waves of pleasure caused my toes to twist up inside my boots. I came hard.

And then I came again...

And again.

Four times, and each left me trembling on the concrete of the rooftop with Becky gently fucking me with my combat knife. Finally she slowed to a stop and only rubbed my outer lips and clit with the round metal pommel. I dropped my arms to my side where I lay, exhausted on the ground. "Oh GOD I love to be fucked like that!"

"Yeah?" her voiced floated up to my still tingling ears. Briefly I felt her lips brush against my cunt and she sucked out some of the residue before continuing. "Well now you're going to show me how it feels to be fucked. I'm sure you know what to do..."

I rolled over and saw her laying next to me, slowly rubbing her pale skinned lips with the hilt of my knife. It glistened with my juices, but her pussy was making small squishing sounds of it's own. Becky's eyes were wide open and challenging me with her expression. 

At least partly satiated I moved up close to where she was playing with herself and watched. There's something unbelievably sexy about watching a beautiful woman rub herself in just the way she want's to. Slowly she moved the round nob up and down her pretty slit, drawing even more of her lubricant out onto the surface. You'd never know it was artificial. It looked tasty enough to eat.

"Come on Tae," she challenged me in a horse voice. "Take it and do me."

Tentatively I took the sheathed blade in my hand, and for the brief second our fingers touched I felt a welcome thrill. I've been with plenty of women before, but none of them had taken charge of me like she had. My fingertips gravitated to her, hoping to be directed and controlled again, but she released the knife to my imagination.

Following her lead I tried unsuccessfully to ignore the continued tingling in my own pussy. On a sudden thought, I reached up slightly to the interface strip sprayed into the PT at her waist. Drawing my finger down it's control surface I increased the static field to it's maximum. Her reaction was immediate.

Surface tingles moved over all of her exposed skin like waves, and even the areas covered by the PT material quivered in reaction. "Oh fuck yeah, Tae! I guess I am kind of turned on by that thing." 

"You're shivering Becky," I replied to her outburst. "I can even feel it myself when I touch you."

"And I can feel you touching me. It's a good feeling. Touch me more!"

How could I refuse her? The knife hilt was low on her pussy, so I moved it down to tease her ass while moving closer. Very lightly and gently I kissed her sweet pussy and tickled her clit with my nose. This drew out a long exaggerated breath and I felt her pulling her knees up higher around my ears.

"Sweet little Tae, slut of the ready room." Becky's mocking voice came down to me, revealing slight cracks in her mettle. "Who would guess she was a pussy addict?"

In some small way this challenged me further, and I buried my face in the sweet pussy before me. At the same time I slowly pressed the knife hilt deep into her ass, lubricated generously with our combined juices that rolled down my knuckles. 

"Squee!" poured a long happy screech from Becky's mouth. "Not just a pussy addict..." Her voice was almost breathless as I fucked her ass and licked her bare lips. The pumping motions of the knife hilt practically caused her to squirt juices into my mouth, which I excitedly liked up. The smell, the taste, even the texture was a lightning bolt to my own pussy. In response I reached down and turned up my own Projectile Trap to maximum.

It's static tingle immediately caused me to jump and plunge the knife hilt deeper into Becky's ass. The combination of experiences caused me to cum right there and then! With my body tight in the spasm of pleasure I thrust my tongue deep inside her, clasping her lower body closely to me with my spare hand.

Her reaction to orgasm was quite different to what I expected. Almost as if she could feel my own pleasure she reacted violently, shivering and shaking from her hips to her shoulders. She grabbed my hair and held me to her pussy and the vibrations of her orgasm moved my head against her now swamped crotch. Around my ears her thighs contracted so that I could feel each muscle as it quivered it's joy. 
