 "What makes a good girl?" Rose's mother asked as they stood by the front door of her childhood house for the last time. 

"Obedience, enthusiasm, friendliness, appearance," Rose recited as she and every other girl had recited every day of their life.

It was seconds until Rose turned 18 and when she did, as was the custom in her world, her mother would close the door of her childhood home forever and Rose would make her way in the world alone. 

What made it truly terrifying was that Rose had barely left the house in her entire life. Like most girls she had been exclusively home schooled in basic reading and given intensive studies in cooking and other domestic duties. She had only gone out into the world maybe once a month and never more than a few houses away to visit a neighbour. 

Her mother only ever took her outside when the streets were near empty so she had seen very few people in her 18 years. 

Still Rose knew it wasn't as bad for her as it was for others. Rose had a good body, C cup natural breasts and a pretty face that was sure to be popular. Her curly dark hair gave her a sweet and innocent look. She was a natural beauty and it was only a matter of time until she found a husband who would take her into his protection. 

Her beauty alone gave her entitlements not afforded to others. She was given a good job as a shop girl at Macy's department store, a free travel card for the subway and a room at a reasonable apartment complex on the upper west side. 

All of these places and ideas were like a dream to Rose. She had been shown some of them on television but experienced none of them. She had been given exact directions on how to get to Macy's and which train to catch but the concept of being on a train under the ground remained overwhelming as was the idea of crowds and people. But it was men that scared her the most. She knew she had to please them, that it was reason to be but she doubted she would be of any use to them. 

"Love you," her mother said and embraced her daughter one last time. A moment later an alarm on Rose's phone went off and her mother hurriedly closed the door literally and figuratively on Rose's childhood. 

She was 18 now. She would never see her parents again. 

Rose turned and walked down the steps of her parents apartment and headed for the subway. A little further down the street she could see her friend Sasha sitting on her front steps. 

"Hi," Rose said smiling at her friend. Sasha would turn 18 next week but her future was much less certain than Rose. She had always been a frumpy girl and had unfortunate features like a slightly crooked nose and narrow eyes. She was far from attractive but had always been a good friend. 

"Happy birthday," Sasha said. But there was no joy in the greeting. Rose could sense the dread that Sasha faced with her own upcoming birthday. She had no job offers, no travel card and no accommodation. For everything that Rose had been offered and the near certainty that she would be married soon enough there was nothing but dark clouds in Sasha's future. 

Rose didn't like to think what would happen to her. She couldn't live with her parents but was unlikely to have anywhere else to stay. It was almost certain she would be homeless, seeking shelter wherever she could and becoming more haggard and hopeless with each day. For a moment Rose thanked her lucky stars she wasn't her. 

But she couldn't let it bother her, she realised. 

"Men like to see smiles," she heard her mother's voice in her head. "That's how I married your father. Bright smile, happy thoughts and a pleasing personality."

Rose smiled at her friend but couldn't think of any happy thoughts looking at Sasha's despair so decided she best move on and forget about her. 

She was unlikely to be back in this neighbourhood again so it would doubtless be the last time they saw each other. 

Sasha looked down at the ground and Rose moved on quickly. As she stepped down the road she looked herself up and down. 

Her top buttons were undone revealing her cleavage enough that the bounce of her breasts could be seen clearly. It was important she knew to reveal enough of her breasts so that men could be sure that they were real by the natural bounce. Her black skirt was just long enough to cover her otherwise naked pussy and even she admired her long slender legs stepping lightly along the street on black high heels. 

Rose wondered what her first sexual experience would be like. She knew most men valued women most highly for their ability to please them sexually but she had never seen the act herself, her father always discreet when it came to be serviced by his five wives and her mother had been careful to avoid going outside when people were in the street. 

All she knew was that her father had chosen her mother because of her ability at oral sex which seemed to be also called "blowjob" and "deepthroat" but as she had never seen it or been exposed to it she didn't know what it involved. 

Like all men her father had different wives for different tasks. Her mother was a sex wife only but others also did cooking and cleaning. Men could have up to five wives, "a ring on each finger" as the saying went and Rose's mother had been his last finger. 

Rose knew that it was important to be obedient to any man but her mother had always impressed on her the need to go further for any man who didn't have five rings on his left hand. 

"You never know," she said. "He might just be the one."

Rose reached the subway stairs and swiped her card through the reader. She sighed with relief when it let her through the turnstile - her first task as an adult (using a travel pass) was successful. 

"Perhaps I'll be OK," she let herself hope. 

She walked down to the platform and found there was a dozen or so people waiting for the train, all men except for an older woman who seemed to be with her husband. 

"Excuse me," said a voice behind her. 

She turned and saw a middle aged man of about forty standing behind her. 

He reached up and unbuttoned her shirt and as he did so she was disappointed to see he had five rings on his hand. He opened her shirt and pulled her bra down and fondled her breasts roughly. 

Rose smiled at him and wondered what she was meant to do next.

"Can I grab a quick blowjob?" he asked. "I just missed my train and the next one is ten minutes away."

"Of course," smiled Rose but her stomach churned as she realised she had no idea what she was supposed to do. 

"Blowjob is like oral and deepthroat," she thought. "It must be something to do with the mouth. But mine or his?"

The man kept squeezing her breasts together then leant forward and sucked her nipples hard. She gasped at the ticklish feeling as he sucked her tits and squeezed them in his hands. 

"I guess it's his mouth on my breasts," she thought. 

He let go of her breasts while continuing to suck at them. She saw him reaching around in his pants and suddenly caught sight of his long hard cock as he took it out of his pants. 

His hand reached up pulled her head down, forcing her to her knees and her mouth inches from the first hard cock she had ever seen. 

Rose looked up at the man who seemed to be impatiently waiting for her to do something. She smiled nervously at him and shifted slightly on her knees, the hard tiles digging into her skin uncomfortably. 

"Suck it," the man said gripping her hair tighter and drawing her mouth to his cock. 

Understanding at last Rose smiled at the man and put head of the man's cock into her mouth, feeling saliva drain into her mouth as the large cock pushed deeper and deeper into her mouth. 

"Enthusiasm," Rose thought, remembering her mother's advice. "It's not enough to just obey. You must show them how much you enjoy obeying."

Rose had thought this would mean telling the man how much she loved to please and serve him but saw now that was impossible with his cock pushing in and out of her mouth. 

So she groaned in delight around his cock like it was the tastiest thing she had ever had in her mouth. In reality it smelt a bit and had a sweaty unpleasant taste but as she looked up at him, drool dripping out the side of her mouth as the man forced her head up and down she did her best to smile at him with her eyes and squeal in delight. 

The man reached down as he fucked her mouth and in one motion ripped off her shirt and bra and threw them off the platform and on to the tracks. He gripped her head tightly and slammed it back and forth as he thrust his cock in and out of her tightly sucking lips. The force of his thrusts caused her tits to bounce and quiver. 

To steady herself she gripped the man's thighs through his pants and tried to keep looking up at him as she felt his cock penetrate her throat. She gagged but managed to keep looking up at him as he pushed deeper into her throat then held her head still, his dick completely blocking her airway. 

"That's it bitch," he said. "Keep those pretty eyes looking up at me."

She gagged more violently and felt sick rising up her throat but managed to swallow it back down causing her throat to grip around the head of his cock. 

He gasped in pleasure and started fucking her mouth again. He was pulling harder on her hair and tears welled in her eyes so she could barely see him anymore. 

She swallowed again, her throat like a vice around his cock and he began to roar like an elephant as he held her head in place and violently fucked her mouth. 

Her eyes opened wide as she felt his cock grow even harder and suddenly a thick creamy liquid burst into her mouth and drained down her throat like a fire hose causing her to gag again but she managed to keep from throwing up and swallowed the thick cream while still sucking the cock in her mouth. 

The man pulled out, did up his pants and stepped away from her without a word or even a thank you. 

The sound of metal screeching as the train roared into the station alerted Rose to the world about her once again and she realised in horror that the train was running over her shirt and bra that the man had torn from her body. 

"Don't worry dear," said the woman nearby standing by her husband. "That was a Macy's uniform wasn't it? They'll give you a new one down at the store. This your first day?"

"Yes, said Rose. The train came to a stop and Rose followed the woman onto the carriage. 

The woman's husband took the last remaining seat and without a word the woman knelt between her husbands legs, undid his pants and took out his cock. 

"You'll have to excuse me," the woman said. "I always blow my husband on the train."

Rose watched as the woman began to bob her head up and down in her husbands lap. She looked around and saw all of the seats were taken by men and there was a woman kneeling in front of most of them either performing oral sex or clearly having recently done so. 

Rose moved to stand by a pole near the door of the carriage, aware many of them men seated nearby were staring at her breasts. 

Eventually one man who seemed to be alone beckoned to her and Rose remembered to smile at him as she crossed to his side. Again she was disappointed to see he had five wedding rings. 

She had been expecting him to ask her something but instead he simply leant forward and started sucking on her tits, suckling one and then the other and gnawing with his hands at whichever one was not in his mouth.

On either side of Rose young women were kneeling between middle aged men sucking on their dicks vigorously and moaning in delight. Rose wondered if the men were even enjoying the experience as they sat expressionless as they guided the women's heads up and down with their hands. 

The train reached the next station and a few people including a topless young woman boarded the train. Her breasts were very large and natural and the man sucking on Rose's tits suddenly released her and grabbed the woman by the arm as she tried to pass.  

He started sucking on the new woman's tits but with one hand pushed Rose down by the top of her head until she was kneeling between his legs. 

Guessing what was being asked of her Rose undid the man's pants and pulled out his cock as he continued to drool over the other woman's breasts. 

Rose leant forward and took the penis in her mouth. She could taste dried sperm on his dick and guessed that this wasn't the first blowjob he had been given this morning. His cock was softer than the first man's but still firm enough to suck. 

This cock was also much smaller than the first one she encountered and she was able to easily take the entire length in her mouth without it going into her throat and making her gag. 

"Just to let you know honey," the woman with the large breasts said to the man. "I've got to get off at 72nd street."

"No worries," said the man taking her breasts out of his mouth for an instant. 

Rose was shocked. She had no idea it was OK to tell a man that she had to be somewhere while he was using her. The woman must have seen the surprise in her eyes. 

"What about you honey?" the woman asked Rose. "Where you getting off?"

"I've got to get to Macy's by 9," Rose managed to mumble without taking the dick out of her mouth. 

"You want 34th then," she said. 

Rose looked down and started sucking the cock in her mouth harder as if to make up for an indiscretion. She couldn't help feeling she was being rude focusing on her own needs while trying to give pleasure to the man. 

She sensed the woman suddenly kneel down beside her. 

"Your first day?" the woman whispered in Rose's ear as the man began thrusting his hips hard. She could feel the man's cock getting harder and wondered if that was a sign the cream was coming soon.

Rose mumbled yes to the woman's question just as the man forced her head down so his cock was fully in her mouth and let out a roar as cum spurt into Rose's mouth in three short and small bursts. Rose swallowed the small amount of cum and tried to smile up at the man as he let go of her head and pulled his pants back on. 

"You're a natural," said the woman. "I threw up for the first couple of weeks when I was new."

Rose smiled at the woman. It was nice to hear that she was doing OK. Rose still felt completely overwhelmed and unsure of herself. 

"How often do you get asked to do this?" Rose asked. 

"Me, probably a few times a day. Mostly men want to fuck my tits though. With you it'll be blowjobs mostly I think. You've got a cute face and you look really really cute with a cock in your mouth. Plus you're young. I think you should expect to be in strong demand."

The woman looked up as the train pulled into 72nd street station. 

"Don't forget," she said getting up. "It's not rude for you to turn down a guy if you are either busy, need to get off a train or are already with another man."

"Thanks," said Rose. She meant it too. She had learnt more from this woman in a couple of minutes than she had in 18 years. 

The man in front of her was texting someone on his phone so Rose assumed he was finished with her now. She got to her feet and held on to a pole to steady herself as the train pulled out of the station. 

Most of the women had finished blowing the men now and had returned to standing as the men dismissed them. Rose heard someone screaming behind her and turned to see a woman on all fours completely naked. A man was kneeling behind her and Rose realised he must have been thrusting his dick into her pussy from behind. 

The sight made Rose feel extremely aroused and she felt extremely jealous of the woman whose eyes were rolling up inside her head as she cried in ecstasy. The man reached forward and groped the woman's swaying breasts and Rose felt her own pussy moisten and grow wet. She gripped the metal pole in her hands and bit her lip as she watched the man driving his shaft into the woman. 

Rose felt hands on her tits and looked around to see the man sitting in front of her was idly fondling them. He was still texting and apart from holding her breasts was otherwise paying no attention to her at all. 

She imagined him standing up, turning her around and bending her over before putting his cock inside her. She imagined what it must feel like to be fucked like that and desperately fought a temptation to rub herself with her hands. 

The man fucking the woman groaned and ran in front of her suddenly. Cum sprayed out of his cock over the woman's face who was still panting excitedly as her face was covered. 

The man put his clothes back on and went back to his seat as the woman collapsed onto her back and scraped the cream from her face with her fingers before licking them clean. 

She was about to get up when another man suddenly lay down on top of her, spread her legs and began thrusting his cock into her as he lay on her. 

The woman started screaming in ecstasy again as she was fucked hard by the young man. Rose watched as the woman dug her fingers into the man's back and scraped her fingernails across his skin as pleasure seemed to consume her. 

Rose had never considered that there might be pleasure for a woman in pleasuring a man but clearly this woman was in some kind of heaven as her body was pumped by the virile young man.

"Next stop 34th street Penn Station," a voice announced on a loud speaker. 

"Oh dear," thought Rose. "That's me. Excuse me, my stop." She apologised to the man still groping her and ran out of the train as the doors opened. 

She quickly headed out of the subway and into the world above. The sight of the big city, buildings reaching up into the sky almost took her breath. She ran as quickly as she could on the route to Macy's she had memorised. There was a number of women on their knees blowing men in the street but despite almost every man watching the bounce of her naked breasts as she ran she didn't receive any requests. 

At the front door of Macy's was a security guard who was being blown by two women in what Rose recognised as Macy's uniforms. 

"Excuse me," Rose said to the man who was watching her breasts and paying no attention to the women kneeling in front of him. "I start here today. How do I get inside and get a new uniform? A man took my shirt off on the way here."

"Not surprised," said the security guard reaching out and massaging her tits. "A word of advice. Take your shirt off yourself when you're giving head. That way you won't lose it. Most girls put it under their knees as padding."

"What a good idea," smiled Rose. "Thanks for the tip."

"No problem, said the guard pressing her breasts together in his hands. He swiped a card and the door opened. If it's your first day go to Mr Sweet's office on the third floor. He'll tell you what to do."

"I was told to see Miss Temple," said Rose. 

"Temple is his secretary," said the guard. He sucked her nipple and caused her to shiver at the sucking sensation. "Miss Temple will probably be under his desk at this time of day. Just knock on his office door on level 3 near the elevator. You'll see his name on the door. What time was he expecting you?"

"9," said Rose. 

"Damn," said the guard. "That's just a few minutes. You better get going. Would you mind getting in a bit earlier tomorrow and giving me head? I'm getting a bit tired of these two and I just know you would like just fine with my cock in your mouth."

Rose looked and saw he had five rings on his fingers. She couldn't help but feel disappointed as he seemed so nice. But she managed a smile and said "Sure thing, it'll be my pleasure."

With one last suck on her tits the guard let her in to the building. 

The store seemed to be already fairly busy with young shop girls getting ready for the days trading. She couldn't see any men and was struck by just how pretty all the other girls were. She knew she was pretty as well but the competition was certainly a lot stronger than she had expected. 
