 This is the third part of my story about Rose the cowgirl. Obviously I would prefer that you read the first two parts before you read this part.




After the seven hour orgy the harem girls started to settle down. Rose was still completely soaked in a mix of pussy slime, sweat and breast milk from the orgy. Rose was lying on her back in the midst of all the harem girls with her huge and surprisingly firm tits standing up like mountains. The harem girls started to cuddle up to Rose in a snug and cozy manner. The girls talked to each other for a while about Rose and how sexy she is and what great sex they had with her. They talked over Rose, like adults talk over children. They giggled when she tried to approve of their comments with soft cute "mooos". They all knew that she was just a cow girl and could not join in the conversation. Rose was physically much larger than the other girls but mentally smaller. It was obvious that the harem girls had all fallen madly in love with Rose because of her divine beauty and sex appeal. They all stared at her; they looked into her big eyes or stared at her amazing curves. After a short break the orgy continued. Without saying anything one girl just leaned forward and took Rose´s left nipple into her mouth and began to suck. That action inspired another girl to do the same to her right nipple. So the two beautiful busty girls began to nurse from Rose´s huge tits. Rose gave milk easy; the nursing girls just had to apply gentle suction. Rose felt the tug on her nipples in their mouths and felt her milk spray into them. 

While the two girls kept nursing, another girl gently sat down on Rose´s face, pushing her cunt against Rose´s mouth. All that Rose could now smell and see was this woman's vagina. Realizing that this woman wanted oral sex, Rose started to lick pussy. Rose soon pushed her long, soft and smooth cowgirl tongue into the pussy of the girl who began to buck her hips in response. The girl came after only a minute of riding Rose´s tongue like a dildo. As this went on more and more girls joined in. Rose felt hands caressing every part of her body. Rose felt an anonymous stiff tongue enter her vagina. Someone's fingers also invaded Roses asshole. This orgy or gang rape didn't last as long as the first but was equally intense. The harem girls would have kept this up forever if they had the energy. After many kisses and loving hugs the girls finally fell asleep together. Rose drifted off into sleep slightly frustrated because even though she made many girls reach orgasm, she did not cum herself. 

Rose woke up a few hours later because she was thirsty, horny and hungry. It was kind of dark in the room, but Rose could still see. The air still smelled of sweet sex and it was hot and sweaty in that pile of sleeping bodies. Rose managed to stand up without waking up any off the girls. Rose carefully stepped over sleeping girls as she walked towards a table in the corner of the room. She walked in her natural way, the way she had been designed to walk. She always walked with her shoulders back and her pelvis rolled forward. She took long steps, putting down her foot directly in front of her other foot as if she was walking on a tightrope. Her booty and her gigantic tits swayed in an alluring manner with each step from her long legs. She could hardly see in the gloom but it looked like there was food and water on the table. She was right; a great feast was laid out on the table. Rose started to eat and drink and it was all delicious, she didn't know what she was eating but it was real people food! Much better than the cowgirl feed that she was used to eating. As she gorged herself in a manner that was not very lady like she decided that this harem was her new favorite place. She placed her gigantic tits on the table as she bent over the table to get closer to the food. The table then helped her carry the massive weight of her giant boobs. Rose was always a bit nervous at night because she was afraid of the dark.

As Rose was bent over the table, stuffing her face with both hands like the animal she was, she felt someone gently hugging her from behind. Rose was surprised and froze up. The voice of a young woman named Sophia whispered gently "guess who". Sophia started to plant kisses along Roses back, down towards her big butt; this had a relaxing effect on the cowgirl. Rose could then feel Sophia's breath on her naked ass cheeks. When Sophia got down to roses ass and vagina, the scent of Rose hit her like a sledgehammer. Sophia could smell that Rose had a strong scent coming from her vagina and ass, the scent was genetically engineered to be very powerful and alluring. The scent of Roses anus was particularly enthralling and irresistible to Sophia. It smelled of ripe fruit, honey, raw sex and something else that it impossible to describe. Rose arched her back and raised her tail up. Rose heard Sophia whisper to her. She turned her cow ears backward to hear the girl better. "Your asshole is so pretty and it smells sooo nice" said the girl and Rose now recognized her voice. It was the pretty young dominant girl who had given her the bath and dressed her earlier. Sophia had not felt her scent the day before, because when Rose came to her she was so dirty from living on the milk-plant mega farm. "Just relax, it's just me" said Sophia as she started to lick ass. Sophia just had to taste that ass to see if it tasted as good as it smelled. Rose felt the girl's soft tongue gently lick her anus and Rose did start to relax. Rose spread her legs apart slightly. The gentle licks started to soften up Rose and made her anus looser. Sophia then pushed her tongue inside Roses ass and started to "make out" with her ass. The taste was now all over the young girls tongue ant it tasted even better then it smelled. 

Rose responded to this by reaching back and with one arm to press Sophia's pretty face gently into her bottom. Rose also started to finger herself with her other hand. That tongue in her ass felt extremely good so Rose just had to masturbate to amplify the sensation. This was possible because the table supported her giant tits. Her massive tits spilled out over the table like soft dough. If it were not for the table, Rose would fall forward. After about a minute of ass licking Rose became so excited that she started to lactate from her beach-ball sized tits. Growing puddles of milk formed under her breasts. And so the girl drilled Roses's lovely pink asshole with her tongue as Rose fingered herself. At the same time Sophia was also masturbating. As it happened they both came at the same time.

"Moooo!" Rose finally bellowed as she felt the sensations of orgasm run through her, the tongue in her ass adding immeasurably to the masturbation. Rose just loved having that beautiful ass of hers licked and eaten. To have a woman's tongue deep in her asshole at the moment of orgasm was a wonderful new experience for Rose. 

Sophia reluctantly pulled her tongue out of Roses asshole and gave it one last gentle lick and a kiss. Sophia could not believe what she had just done, jet her mouth was full of the taste that proved it. Normally she was sexually dominant; she would never do something so submissive as to lick ass. That big ass just looked so good and smelled so nice that Sophia just couldn't resist it. Ever since her passionate meeting with Rose the day before, she could not stop thinking about the cowgirl. Maybe it was love she was feeling towards Rose. In that moment Sophia felt that if she could spend the rest of her life licking Roses pussy and ass, then that would be her personal paradise.

After that Sophia explained that she had to leave before morning. Sophia was not allowed in the harem and could get in trouble if she got caught. She told Rose that she would try to meet with her as much as she could in secrete. After telling Rose all that Sophia snuck out of the harem like a thief in the night. Rose stood up strait and yawned; she was still a bit tired. She found a free spot on the floor and slept there.

Rose woke up the next morning because she felt hands all over her. The harem girls had awoken before her and they could not resist the urge to touch Rose. One of the harem girls who seemed to be some sort of leader spoke to Rose. "Get up and get ready, you have been given the honor of waking up our master".

The Master was General Blossom, the commander of the imperial armed forces and one of the richest men on the planet. The general was the right hand man of Emperor Peter himself. Much like the emperor General Blossom had turned himself into a superman to improve himself in every conceivable way. He was fast, strong and smart. His body was bio enhanced to be superior and impervious to harm. He looked more like a Greek god, with the body of a young muscular man, despite the fact that he was actually really old. The general had also bio-improved his massive penis, he had always been well hung and he had also enhanced his genitalia with drugs. He spent all his free time in his harem so he needed his penis to be a superior specimen. He only slept for one night every week and he liked to get a blowjob in the morning after that night to wake him up. Every week a new girl was given the honor to do this. It was an honor because it meant that the selected girl was the general's favorite. And so now it was Roses turn.

Rose was led by the harem girls to a great luxurious bedroom with a massive bed. The general was sleeping naked on his back with his legs quite far apart. He was not covered by any comforter or blanket. The girls giggled as they gently shoved Rose onward towards the large bed. The girls whispered to Rose "Go on, suck his dick." Rose had no problem obeying that order because she was a huge slut and loved cock sucking and cum eating, her brain was engineered to love it. To call Rose a slut is really unfair in a way, because it implies that Rose had fallen from grace to become a debauched woman. Rose never became a sex crazy slut, she was born that way.

As she moved in between his legs she saw his huge penis and gasped. It was as large as a big cucumber even then, in its flaccid state. His balls were the size of grapefruits. Rose felt a lustful, animal like need to touch it. She took the soft, smooth cock in her hand and gently pulled back the foreskin to reveal the large mushroom shaped head. Her touch dragged the general out of his dreams and he opened his eyes. The penis soon started to react to her touch by becoming semi-erect. The general remembered that today he was going to get his dick sucked by a cowgirl who just might be the sexiest creature in the galaxy. Rose felt like she had to smell the head of the huge penis and as she sniffed it the scent of sex filled her nose. After smelling it she had to taste it. As she started to lick the head, the penis got harder as it became fully erect and doubled in size. Rose had to shift position so that she was now on her keens between the generals legs. She did this so that she could keep sucking the huge cock without bending it down. In this position the cock had to slide in between her massive tits. Rose had not intended to titty-fuck him, her tits was just so big that the blowjob turned into a titty-fuck/blowjob. 

Rose used her hands to press her tits tightly together as she moved her body up and down. In this way she could stroke his cock with her soft tits as she also kept the head of the giant penis going in and out of her mouth. At that point the general was completely awake. He spread his legs a bit more and muttered "Suck my dick bitch". Rose was amazed that the General lasted as long as he did. Normally guys would cum really fast during sex with Rose. Rose now had eye contact with the general as his dick was between her tits and in her mouth. The general stared into her big anime-like eyes as Rose slobbered all over the head of his dick.

As he got closer and closer to orgasm, the general started to caress her breasts. Her soft smooth tit flesh felt like dough in his hands. He shifted his gaze from her dreamy eyes to her amazing tits. He kept his hands on her boobs as he gently bucked his hips. He gave her nipples a tweak and a pinch that made her spray some milk, before finally bringing his hands together on her head to grab her horns at their base.

The general now had two hands stabilizing her head by her cow horns, and he knew he was seconds away from shooting his wad into her sucking mouth. He pushed down on her head, forcing his dick to stay inside her mouth. He bucked his hips while trying to hold her head in place. He fucked her tits and her mouth at the same time while he started to pant heavily.

"Oh yes, I'm cumming, drink it you cow!" exclaimed the General

The general started to cum like a stallion, but Rose was ready for it. She closed her moth over his dick. Rose felt her whole mouth fill up with cum instantly so she quickly swallowed. Right after her huge gulp of seed his penis gave her another mouthful of sperm. Rose swallowed again only to feel another blast of thick cum hit the back of her throat. The general pumped cum into Rose and she swallowed it all without spilling. It was a massive load. After his orgasm was over, Rose kept the last mouthful of cum in her mouth to properly taste it before she swallowed. Rose moaned as she tasted and swallowed the last salty mouthful of warm cum. 

"That takes care of your breakfast, now I shall have my breakfast!" Said the general as he took Rose by her arms and dragged her forward over his body so that she was on top of him. He instructed her to stand on all fours so that her huge tits would hang down over his face. Even though she had her arms strait and her back ached, her giant tits could not hang free. They were just too big for that. Being the size of large beach balls, her boobs spilled out over the bed and covered the general's face. The general found a nipple and began to suck. At the same time he grabbed her ass and guided his rock hard cock into her vagina. 

"Moooh, Moooh!" The excitement had rose bellowing. Being milked was Roses favorite thing, getting fucked was her second most favorite thing. Putting the two together was pure bliss. Rose moved her hips up and down. She was now a cowgirl riding dick cowgirl style! The general had just had an orgasm so he would last longer this time. He kept drinking milk directly from Roses nipple and kept thrusting his hips up and down as he fucked her. He sucked on her nipple until his mouth was full, then he swallowed. The General moaned loudly, but the sound was muffled by Roses tit flesh. The thick warm milk he was drinking tasted wonderful, and his dick was in the best place it had ever been in. Rose´s vagina was special; it was like a bioengineered cock sleeve designed to maximize pleasure for men. It had the ability to suck, squeeze and massage the invading penis in a way that normal women can't do. 

The general kept sliding his giant rigid dick up and down within her snug pussy. Rose was riding him with her eyes rolled back and her mouth open. Rose could not contain her pleasure so she panted and let her cow bellowing escape her lips. "Moooh, Moooh!" Rose was really enjoying herself, with every thrust she felt the head of his dick pound her womb. His penis reached amazingly deep into her. The general's huge cock was sliding roughly in and out of Rose´s, slippery, slurping and sucking love-tunnel. Rose came again and again. Each time she came Rose would bellow "mooh!" and her pussy would flutter and quiver. Soon the general was full and could not drink anymore of her milk. After all Roses breast milk was thick like pancake batter. He pushed her up into a leaned back sitting position so that he could watch and caress her tits while he kept fucking her. His eyes and hands explored her huge breasts, feeling them, grabbing them and pulling her nipples. With every thrust Rose´s tits would giggle and bounce. Rose loved to have her boobs manhandled. When he squeezed her puffy nipples she gave him a lovely shower of milk. For about an hour he did this to Rose. Her giant tits sprayed thick milk all over the general, and painted him white as well as most of the bed. Rose came five times before the general needed to spew cum again. 

This time his thick cum got shot straight up her pussy, filling up her womb. Blast after blast of cum spewed into her welcoming vagina. The general shrived in trance as he pumped cum into Rose. It was the best orgasm he had ever had. Rose loved the feeling of getting filled up with cum, and she was also happy that she had made him cum again. She looked down on him with a pleased smile on her face as her pussy greedily accepted all his sperm.