 In a large stone cloister room, Megan Bean hung by her wrists from metal chains, she had a device strapped to her head which forced her eyes open. Megan tried to look around, hearing voices in the distance. She heard Rosie, one of her greatest foes talking. Rosie spoke to two of her followers, one of which was infected to her, and the other was a girl she had manipulated into helping her capture Megan. Rosie noticed Megan thrashing at her restraints, trying to force her hands free of the cuffs binding them.

"Aw, my sweet Bean is finally awake.... Jade, check her restraints, I don't want her getting loose. Abi, open the eye" she said, smiling at her servants. Rosie looked weak and tired, her lifeforce wouldn't last much longer without a Component, so she intended to claim a new one, Megan's Jellyfoam.

Rosie wore her usual attire, a white t-shirt; tight enough to show off her plump cleavage. Also wearing snug fitting blue jeans, which once she had Megan's Jellyfoam, would look nice and tight, showing off her perfectly shaped arse and wonderful shapely legs. Her long blonde hair floated over her slender shoulders like a river of dulled gold, and her eyes a dull dark blue.

Jade strolled up a flight of stairs and made her way over to Megan. As she approached, Megan tried to plead with her "Please, don't. She's insane, let me go before it's too late.... You can't let her do this!" she said, trying to keep her voice down. As Jade checked the restraints she scowled at Megan, then striking her across the face with her hand.

Rosie heard the slap, she glanced over and smiled at Jade "It's no use M, Jade has been loyal to me for many years, and hopefully many more to come" a panic began to grow within Megan, she still couldn't use her powers as the sedative she had been given hadn't yet worn off, she could sense that it may already be too late for her, and that she was finally about to meet her end, at the hands of her most hated enemy.

Megan tried to pull at the restraints, struggling to break free as they were far too tight to fight against with just her physical strength alone. Jade glanced at Rosie, as she walked back towards her. Rosie took a deep breath, a rush of excitement flooded through her.

Rosie headed up the flight of stairs near where she would need to stand, walking out onto a platform that hung over the floor, quite a way below. She gave Abi a nod once she was on the platform.

Abi approached the eye of harmony, standing before one of the open ports on its edge, a bright beam of blueish-purple light was emitted from that port. Abi leaned over, gazing into the light with her eyes wide open.

The entire room shook violently as the eye began to open, the stone shutters covering it slid open, gradually revealing more of the bright blue light from the growing opening. Megan thrashed furiously at her restraints, trying to scramble a plan in her head, but there was literally nothing she could do.

As the eye was almost fully open, two reflectors each aimed at Rosie and Megan lit up, directing the bright blue light towards them.

Megan became ensnared by the light, now completely unable to move, the light seemed to reach into her mind, body and soul.

Rosie stood where she needed to be, closing her eyes as the blinding light hit her, also causing her to remain still as well.

The light formed a stream of energy above their heads, this formed the link which would transfer all of Megan's lifeforce and Jellyfoam over to Rosie. Megan gasped as the link was created, already feeling her Component being drained from her and her lifeforce being sucked away. Down below, Jade approached Abi, who was recovering from the light blinding her severely.

Still mostly unable to see, Abi saw an outline of a person approach. Jade grabbed her, helping her over to the bottom of the staircase where she grabbed Abi's neck and twisted it sharply. As her neck broke, Megan cried out, knowing there was now no hope of stopping this. Jade turned and watched her Mistress as she started to become all powerful.

Rosie let out an orgasmic moan as she started to receive Megan's lifeforce, this would allow her to live long enough to survive the procedure. Megan's legs gave way as her Component was drained. Rosie gasped again as Megan's Jellyfoam began to fill her knickers rapidly, she let her arms hang by her sides as she let the pleasure take her completely.

The Jellyfoam rapidly filled Rosie's knickers, spilling out into her jeans, filling up her crotch and her arse, also spilling down her legs. She moaned louder as the sensation of the Jellyfoam on her skin sent massive satisfying tingles through her body, her jeans now started to fill out more as her legs and arse began to expand, making them look and feel tighter on her. Rosie could feel herself starting to bond to the Jellyfoam, starting to take control of it, she moaned louder still as she began to feel a rush of power and energy, nothing like she had ever felt before.

Megan gasped and cried out in agony, feeling her Component being stripped from her by force. All her power began to fade and her connection to her Jellyfoam wither away, she couldn't focus on anything as the pain was so strong. It felt like her whole lower body was on fire, and her head felt as if it was being cracked open with blunt knifes, striking her over and over again.

As Rosie moaned her body began to shimmer and morph, for brief moments she began to look similar to Megan, unintentionally adopting some of her physical aspects as she drained Megan's life force and Jellyfoam. Rosie had to focus intently on retaining her physical form, as she preferred to keep her own body rather than take Megan's.

Rosie's jeans continued to fill, her legs started to become full, gradually backing up into her crotch and arse area. As they too started to become full, the material of her jeans was slowly pulled tort, stretching the seams as they quickly ran out of room to hold anymore. But the Jellyfoam was still being forced into her jeans at a phenomenal rate. Every inch of her skin was covered in Jellyfoam, she began to squirm as her orgasms massively increased in intensity, she could feel the Jellyfoam against her warm, wetting slit. The muscles in her legs and slit started to become tense as she fast approached climax.

"Oh yes Megan! I feel so alive! It feels so good to be powerful again...." Rosie screamed orgasimicly, her face and body still continuing to shift and shimmer with purplish- pink shades, she began to gasp and choke as she appeared to morph physically, hints of Megan's face and body replaced her own momentarily. Rosie continued to cry out in ecstasy "Yes! Ooh Yes!"

Megan cried out in pain, her body was turning old and weak rapidly as Rosie drained everything from her. With her powers almost gone, she could barely fight back, but she managed to fortify her mind, trying to withhold any further transfer of her life. Sensing the sudden build of resistance, Rosie gasped sharply, opening her eyes and staring directly into the bright light of the spire ahead.

Jade watched the transfer eagerly, looking over at Megan to see that she was glowing faintly, and a shimmering ghost of Megan's soul appeared to be being pulled from her body, but the spirit was holding on, trying to fight it as the last of her Jellyfoam vanished from her jeans and was swiftly transferred to Rosie.

Rosie's head shook violently, becoming nothing but a blur of skin colour and hair as her body quickly absorbed Megan's remaining life force, Rosie still had to fight to maintain her original form, not wanting to let go of her stunning young body, tall, blonde and slim, as she hated the idea of taking Megan's appearance.

Megan screamed in agony, struggling to hold on as Rosie even began consuming her soul, stealing her thoughts, memories and knowledge. Megan's sight and hearing started to fade as it felt like she was being torn out of her own body, being swallowed by darkness. She could feel herself slipping away into nothing, as if starting to free fall, everything was swept out from under her feet as the world faded away. She became old and powerless. Megan's once beautiful soft brown hair was now grey and stringy, and her goddess-like features sagged and wrinkled severely, she quickly became weak and frail.

Rosie was on the verge of climax, the last of Megan's Jellyfoam squeezed its way into her tightly packed jeans, the seams of her trousers stretched to accommodate it all. Her legs looked superbly shaped, and her arse appeared big, plump and nicely curved now that her jeans were fully formed to her figure with Jellyfoam.

The eye of harmony began to pulse brighter and brighter as the transfer completed, about to form Rosie a fully restored body in her original appearance.

She screamed with pleasure as she climaxed, her face and body morphed almost entirely into Megan for a second as she then returned to normal, letting out a massive orgasmic gasp of relief. The beam of light ceased before her legs gave way due to the powerful release as she came. Cum erupted from her slit like a volcano, it felt so satisfying and relieving that she nearly passed out.

Rosie lay on the floor gasping and moaning as she recovered from her intense climax, Jade ran up the stairs to her, rushing over to see if she was alright. As she gazed upon Rosie's heavenly figure she noticed that she no longer looked weak and tired, she appeared strong and healthy once more. Her hair looked like shining gold silk, now with dark brown undertones and her eyes sparkled with an energetic blue glow.

Jade dropped to the floor next to her mistress, pulling her close and cradling her gently. Rosie couldn't yet for words as she was still recovering from her climax, she lay in Jade's arms gasping and panting heavily, unable to keep her eyes open as the pleasure was still so strong flowing through her body.

"You've done it Mistress.... Megan has fully restored you" cried Jade with relief, as she did she couldn't take her eyes off Rosie's succulent plump arse, hips and legs. Jade ran her hands over Rosie's legs, gently squeezing them, causing Rosie to gasp and moan a little more. Rosie's senses were so alive and active, she could feel the slightest movement of her Jellyfoam, causing her pleasure to continue.

"It feels.... So good, so full.... So much power" Rosie managed to slur out in amongst her slowly calming orgasms and hypersensitive body. The Jellyfoam was now fully bonded to her, she could feel its presence and all the power and energy it gave her freely, it was now totally devoted to her, as it had once been to Megan.

After several minutes, Jade helped Rosie sit up, using her own powers to help her calm down. Eventually Rosie was recovered enough to come to her feet again, once up she fondled and groped her tight arse and legs, becoming so excited to have actually succeeded in stealing Megan Bean's Jellyfoam, plus without any problems.

Now to savour her incredible and orgasmic victory she walked over to where Megan was held and stood in front of her, gazing at Megan's old, frail and lifeless corpse.

"Take her down.... Throw her into the eye" said Rosie turning to leave as Jade took Megan's body down from the restraints and carried her down the stairs behind Rosie.

They walked over to the eye of harmony together, it's light had dulled so it wasn't blinding, and it remained calm and quiet. Jade placed Megan's body on the edge of the eye and stepped back so she was behind Rosie again. Rosie lifted Megan's body with her mind, moving her directly above the centre of the eye and lowering her in. The moment her body touched the light, she disintegrated into particles and mist, being absorbed by the eye's energy and fading into nothing.

Rosie closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. She took Jade's hand and pulled her close, wrapping her arms around her. She looked Jade in the eyes and kissed her. Jade held Rosie tightly, cupping her arse and holding her back as they kissed, soon they started to kiss passionately, moaning as they probed their mouths and groped one another lustfully. The eye of harmony suddenly began to close of its own will, slowly hiding the light within it once more, Jade and Rosie stopped making out briefly as they watched it close, neither of them could really believe what just happened, not quite realizing that Rosie had actually won.

"I think it's time you tried out your new Foam.... And you've got one very willing slave to use as you please...." Said Jade seductively, placing a hand on Rosie's cheek, guiding her in for another passionate kiss. Rosie smiled, kissing Jade again before giggling as they both turned to leave the room, walking hand in hand as Rosie whisked Jade off to re-infect her, and burn off more of her horny energy with several long and sweaty hours of exhausting sex.