 My name is Queen Eliana, and I used to be a spoiled brat. Growing up being both a pampered princess, the heir to the elven throne, and a futanari, I knew I was different and decided that I would and could use my body however I wished.

As a result, I became the worst sort of princess, the kind who used her title for her wanton gain without a second thought given for the wants of others. I was overly critical, mean, and sharp-tongued to the point that it bordered on cruelty...

Then Sindrick came into my life. At first, I used him to sate my desires like everyone who came before him. But then something changed one night... A warm summer night in my 19th year of life.

 ______________________

I was seven seasons her senior, and she was the kind of princess you read about in old literature, more spoiled than an apple at the bottom of an old oaken barrel. At times she was monstrous! She thought nothing for others. I found her abrasive; her arrogance and contempt were infuriating! Yet I found myself strangely drawn to her, a deep attraction that I could make heads or tails of. I wanted to hate her but instead found myself giving in to her nightly requests...

I grew up orphaned by war and disease, my father having died in battle and an unknown affliction took my mother. The King paid particular attention to my upbringing, encouraged me to study and to train my body, to keep myself in good physical condition... and to join the palace guard at a tender, young age. I had no idea why other than perhaps he felt responsible for my situation. I was well taken care of, well fed and wanted for little. 

My name is King Sindrick, and this is our story...

 _________________________________

Many years earlier... 

DESIRES OF THE ELVEN PRINCESS, CHAPTER ONE: THE CHANGE

Eilana goes through a life-altering change.

I was Captain of Princess Eilana's personal guard. The Princess was a striking young girl. More beautiful than I can describe in mere words, her hair was dark, long and luxurious and smelled of wild spring flowers year round.

Her cusped ears flared out from under the forest of hair, the ends pointing up to the sky. She had big round innocent eyes as brown as the wood from a walnut tree. Those same eyes darted hell flame when she was angered. (something that was not a difficult task to accomplish)

Her ample bosom accented by perfect little cone-shaped nipples that stuck straight out and flattened on the end when erect. And her voice was soft and pleasing to the ear - turning to a sharp, ugly tone when riled by even the simplest of meaningless events.

As I stood at my post outside her door, having taken the night shift once more, the infernal girl was ringing the bell - again - signaling her nightly request for me to enter and service her cravings. My loins stirred as I unlocked the door and entered, careful to lock the heavy wooden door behind me and determined to have no more of her childish ways.

As I moved the curtains leading into her bedchambers aside, I was greeted by the sight of her on her bed. Her purple nightgown pulled up over her engorged flesh as it stood at attention. "You rang Mah'lady?"

"Good evening, Captain. I find myself in need of your... talents." She smiles, but the smile doesn't reach her eyes, which remain impassive and cold. She took him in. Long dark hair that always smelled of leather and stayed sun warmed regardless of the hour, the pointed ears all her people had peeking out through his hair. His eyes were like her favorite amber earrings, a warm golden brown. Taller and older than her, his shaft was long and thick, bigger than hers in every respect with swollen, heavy balls and a thick tip.

"My talents? And I suppose you expect me to give them freely with you giving no thought of reciprocation yet again?" Having had enough of her coldness and her distance for someone she had shared such intimate moments with.

"You know me. Do you expect any less?"

"No!" he bit back, "All I know of you is that you act as if you are better than everyone else! You mope about all day, leering at everyone who crosses your path. You treat your servants and MY men, including MYSELF as if we are slaves, ordering us about as if we should carry out your orders mindlessly without thought of our own! I have seen more than one of your handmaidens run from these chambers with tears streaming down their cheeks."

"I'm the princess, and you're supposed to follow my orders. Are you telling me I'm doing something wrong?"

"I am telling you that one day you shall be a Queen and that the time has come for you to stop acting as if you are a spoiled, miserable, child! And even - perhaps - maybe be... nice to someone once in a while!"

"And if I don't?"

"And if you don't, then our encounters shall cease...." With that I grasped at her hardened shaft, stroking it gently, feeling it's firmness and the softness of the skin.

Her girl cock was shorter than mine by an inch or so and not as thick. Her meaty testicles hung below - mostly hairless except for a slight peach fuzz coating. The head was big, purple, and mushroom shaped. Despite this, it was quite feminine. Underneath all of that was the prize I so desperately wanted to win, neatly trimmed pubic hair with tight lips that reminded me of the shell of a nut that needed to be cracked open.

I took my hand away to demonstrate the seriousness of my intent. She winces, her shaft twitching needily. She had not considered that Sindrick would ever refuse her, but the thought of their trists ending was not a thought she found to be pleasant and, after fuming over it for a moment she finally relents. "I... How do I begin?"

With a smirk, he replies "Would it be too much to ask to have your lips touch mine in appreciation?" My hand was returning to her rigid member, squeezing it, then caressing her swollen testicles gently.

She moans and pants a little, her hips twitching against his hand as if she hadn't heard him.

"Kiss me as lovers do..." His hand was sliding down and tickling her labia, finding them warm and slick. "Press your lips to mine, treat me as an equal, not as your slave..."

"I... Why should I?" She moans and twitches, her shaft throbbing.

"Why Mah'lady? Well, you certainly don't have to do anything..." Returns my hand to her throbbing rod, wrapping my hand around the loose skin that surrounds the shaft and jerking her off vigorously for a few moments before stopping and taking my hand away again.

She twitches and whimpers at the loss of contact, precum leaking out over the head. "I was so close..."

"Kiss me!" I demanded in a stern voice, leaning closer, awaiting her choice as I gaze at her pouty, painted lips.

"How dare you issue orders to me!" She blurts out angrily.

"A kiss...."

"I... alright, but just this once..." She leans in to kiss him.

Our lips glide together softly, a slow, gentle, lingering kiss that when is finally broken only leaves her wanting for more.

She stares up at him, lips forming a perfect little 'o' shape. "One more."

I smirk and step away from her, leaving her wanting, removing my sword from my sheath, placing it upon a table - then removing my belt. I turn to face her, my hardened cock now propping up my loin cloth as I return to her bed and crawl in with her - quite uninvited. "Then one more you shall have." As I press my lips to hers once again, my tongue slipping between them.

She lets out a soft moan, clearly sensitive to the new stimulation.

As my hand interlaces into her hair, our tongues find each other amid our liplock. My hand slides down over her breast, releasing the clasp that holds her nightgown together allowing it to fall open and reveal her breasts, then brushes my fingers over her erect nipples. My hand continues down over her smooth belly, grazing over her hardness, caressing her big meaty girl balls as my fingers graze the nether regions between her legs. Then I slip two fingers into her wetness up to the second knuckle.

Her eyes widen, and a soft moan slips out into his mouth. Based on the tightness, her womanhood is unused.

As we share slow, wet, open-mouthed french kisses, I begin to pump my fingers in and out of her. I chuckle into her mouth at the sounds she makes as I finger-fuck her tight virgin hole.

Her slight frame trembles and bucks against him, surrendering to the pleasure he's providing then she breaks the kiss and mumbles "Wh - what are you doing to me?" She asks in a breathy, shaky voice.

"It's about time someone instructed you in the ways of love..." and with that lowers my head, wrapping my lips around the spongy head of her hard girl cock. The precum coats my tongue as it circles, the taste tangy and sweet, then I apply the gentle suction I know she aches for.

She squirms and moans, reacting to the warm, wet heat that enveloped the sensitive tip of her shaft. It throbbed and ached, precum leaking out. "Love... feels good..."

My lips begin to slide back and forth over the velvety head as I suckle, the sucking noises filling her ears as my fingers pump in and out of her wet pussy. My long hair was tickling her belly as my head bobs. Giving her what she so desperately wanted to begin with as I attempt to suck the royal seed from her tightening balls.

She lets out a soft mewl of pleasure. "Gonna cum..."

"Mmmmhmmmm..." I moan around her as I increase the pace, bobbing faster, sucking harder. I feel her throbbing wildly with my lips as she approaches orgasm.

She pants and moans, soon climaxing into his mouth with a cry of pleasure, her whole body trembling from the intensity of the sensation of climax.

I catch her warm, sticky girl cum in my mouth, holding my head still for her as she finishes, then sliding my lips back up over the head, sucking it clean as it slips free with a pop. Looking up at her and opening my mouth I show her the load she has just deposited into it before gulping it down.

She smiles at him, cheeks flushed and hair all a mess. "I... that...what are you doing to me?" She asks as I continue to stimulate her - my fingers still moving inside her, smiling at her as I gaze into her big brown eyes.

"I am about to show you..." Grinning as I move in between her legs, spreading them wider with mine and pulling my achingly hard cock out of the cloth that barely covers it. I grasp her left leg, just behind the knee, lifting it and rubbing the head against her wet lips before gently pushing inside her steamy wetness for the first time with a moan of delight.

She moans and pants, still recovering from her orgasm when he penetrates her. "Oh, Gods..."

I quickly slip inside her, fully penetrating, the steamy wetness causing me to groan out loud, my balls mashed against her butt. After a moment I begin moving - sliding out to the tip then pushing back in all the way, quickly working into a rhythm as I fuck her in her big, soft bed.

"Do I... feel good inside?" The cocky, arrogant princess has seemingly melted away, replaced with a shy maiden being deflowered.

The sensation of being filled like this was exquisite, he was stretching her virgin walls further than any finger could, pressing against all the places that made her head start to feel fuzzy.

I only manage a nod as the feeling of being inside her has taken my breath, leaning over I clamp my lips onto hers, kissing her passionately as I hump - giving her a taste of her cum, my balls bouncing off her ass with each thrust.

She moans, her hips rocking against his as she surrenders to the pleasure he was giving her. Small horns begin to grow, protruding from her forehead just above each temple. She feels the strange sensation, thinking to herself that her head feels funny as her mind twists like a feather in the wind.

"My... my head feels weird..."

I glance up, seeing the protrusions, gazing at them wide-eyed as I begin to ram my cock into her hard, skin slapping and echoing off the walls of her bedchambers like claps of thunder.

"I... I think I'm gonna cum again..." She moans out as I ravage her. I become aware of my strange feelings as, unbeknownst to me, horns grow from my forehead. I grunt and snort as I stare at the contorted look on her face as she climaxes around me and a thick stream of cum shoots across her belly, a broad grin on my lips, I plunge into her one last time.

My cock throbs and the head swells, locking us together momentarily as my sticky warmness squirts deep into her womb with a loud moan.

I finally collapse on top of her, almost motionless but for heavy breath that escapes my lungs. I peck at her lips gently as my orgasm subsides, my breath returning.

She gently bumps her forehead against his, her insides twitching and spasming around him in the final moments of orgasm.

As her forehead bumps against mine, I feel and hear the unmistakable click of horns tapping together. My eyes narrow, my cock grows limp and slips out of her slowly, then I sit back and feel the things sticking out of my skull with a look of shock.

She reaches up, touching them gently, then the ones on her head. "Is that... supposed to happen?"

"Only royals grow horns in such a manner..." As his voice trails off.

"So... you're royalty?" She whispers.

"I - I can't be, that is impossible..." He explains as a flood of memories fills his mind. " It all makes sense now.... The way the King paid such particular attention to my upbringing, the interest he took in my training, appointing me as Captain of your personal guard...." My head in my hands.

"What? What is it?"

"You - you are my sister?!" I exclaim in a crackling voice.

"You are my brother? I feel sick!" She shouts out, clearly shocked and upset.

"Relax... it's not that big of a deal - royals copulate in this manner all the time to preserve the bloodline." He explains rather nonchalantly.

"How are you so calm right now?"

"Somehow I guess I have always known, although I never suspected you were my sister!"

"Wait, you suspected we were related and still let me..."

"I wasn't sure, and I had no proof, only vague suspicions, and visions of unknown people in a time unknown. Besides - if we hadn't coupled, we never may have known..."

"Oh..." She thinks for a moment then hugs him. "Okay, now that the shock's worn off... I don't regret any of this."

"It's almost as if this was supposed to happen as if destiny had a hand - yet still..." Feels your arms wrap around me warmly, your soft breasts pressing against me, the nipples still erect with excitement. "I don't think I would have done anything different had I known for sure."

A gentle, sleepy smile appears on her face, this one a genuine, real smile that reached her eyes and made them sparkle.

I stroke her hair softly, laying her back into the silky sheets, kissing her lips now smeared with lipstick as our bodies intertwine.

She giggles a little. "Your mouth's all covered in lipstick..."

"As are yours... it's kind of - sexy..." Grins and kisses you again. "I should return to my post before the Sergeant of the Watch discovers me missing. He may decide to come looking for me."

I slip out of your bed and adjust my loincloth, then retrieving my belt and sword. I return to Eliana in her bed to kiss her lips once more before re-taking my post and locking her inside once again.

Unknown to him, Eliana lay in her bed, drifting off to sleep. Maybe... I could stand to be a bit nicer to people... 