 "Come in," said Mr Sweet in answer to a knock on his office door. 

His secretary Miss Temple came in and approached his desk. 

"Would you like your afternoon blowjob, sir?"

In anticipation of him saying yes Miss Temple was already removing her shirt. 

"No thanks Miss Temple. No more today."

"Oh," said Miss Temple in surprise. It was the first time he had turned her down in several months. She stood awkwardly, her breasts already exposed. 

"That will be all, Miss Temple," said Mr Sweet. 

"Yes, sir," said Miss Temple. She turned and left the office, doing up her shirt again. 

Mr Sweet returned his attention to the cctv monitors by his desk. He had spent most of the day watching the new girl Rose which in part was the reason why he turned down Miss Temple. She had actually been giving him his morning head when Rose first stepped into his office. 

Rose had been topless from an earlier encounter on the subway and she had the most perfect tits he had ever seen. He had cum in Miss Temple's mouth just looking at them. 

Mr Sweet had one of the best jobs in New York City. Macy's had a track record of only employing the very best looking shop girls and he was their boss so not only did he have direct access to them during the day but he also managed their apartment building on west 94th street. He lived on the top floor in a five bedroom penthouse and the girls in one bedroom flats below him. 

Mr Sweet had four wives living with him at present and was still looking for a fifth. Like most men he had one who looked after the cooking, one for cleaning, one for breeding who would be the mother of his children, one for anal. It was the blowjob wife he was looking for. 

For a long time he had thought about it being Miss Temple. She blew him twice a day at any rate and he suspected she was waiting for the proposal but a few weeks ago he had vowed to never ask her. It was only one indiscretion when she had spat out his cum instead of swallowing but the look of distaste on her face was one he would never forgive or forget. 

So he had been watching Rose all day with growing interest. 

She had been very very busy all day and had swallowed over twenty loads already and not once had he seen the smile slip from her face. He had even received five emails from happy customers about the quality of her work and every guy she blew had spent big afterwards. 

Two guys had cum just from Titjobs with her and three had fucked her. She seemed to genuinely love all types of sex and was probably the cutest girl ever to work there.

Right now Rose was assisting a man whose cum was still on her face buy a new pair of Levi's. She was on her knees in the change rooms (all of which were fitted with cctv) helping take off his shoes. She was still topless and Mr Sweet grew hard just looking at her tits jiggle as she struggled to take off the man's boots. 

"I've got to get a piece of her," thought Mr Sweet. "Before someone tries to marry her."

Mr Sweet knew she wouldn't last long. Some guy would come in and take her as a wife and then he'd never see her again. Once a woman married it was illegal for them to work or have sex with any other man outside of her husbands family. 

Mr Sweet switched cameras and saw there was already a line forming outside the changing rooms. News of the new girl must have been spreading. 

"Fuck," he thought. "I'm going to have to marry this one."

He switched the camera back to Rose's changing room and incredibly she was already sucking the guy off again. He was leaning back against the wall clearly overwhelmed by the blowjob she was giving him. Mr Sweet had never seen a girl so enthusiastic or talented on her very first day as an adult. 

"She's a fucking natural," he thought.

He watched the guy spasm and grip her head, clearly cumming in her mouth. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he thought. "Got to ask her to marry me now. She'll be snatched up by someone else otherwise."

The guy with her now had five rings already so couldn't marry again but the very next guy in line had only three. 

Mr Sweet picked up the phone to his secretary. It rang once before she answered. Mr Sweet could hear a sucking sound and heard Miss Temple trying to talk and realised she must have been blowing someone, probably one of the security guards. 

"Sorry for the interruption Miss Temple," he said. "I need you to page the new girl Rose immediately. Tell her as soon as she finishes with her current customer to come to my office."

/---------------

Rose gasped for breath but kept smiling. She could feel the dozens of loads of cum swimming in her stomach as the new load drained down her throat to join them. 

"Would you like to buy the jeans then?" she asked the customer before bending lower and licking a small drop of cum from his balls. Incredibly he let out a slight moan of pleasure and dragged her head into his balls so she had to take them in her mouth. She couldn't believe it but his cock was getting hard again and he took her hair in his hands and pushed her head back against the wall. She opened her mouth with a smile up at him as he pushed his hardening and wet cock back in her mouth.

He pinned her to the wall and started fucking her mouth, his seven inch cock entering her throat with each thrust but she had already learnt how to keep from gagging. 

"When...mm mph...Miss Rose...mmmphhh...ugk...ugk...ugk...has finished with her...ugh...ugk...customer please report to...ugk...Mr Sweet...ugk...ugk...office," came an announcement over the PA. Rose realised Miss Temple must have been being facefucked as well as she was making the same noises as her. 

"Jesus, bitch," said the man and groaned as he pushed deep into her mouth and three short bursts of cum shot directly into her throat. 

The man withdrew and Rose quickly licked at his balls as he wiped his cock dry in her hair. 

"If I weren't married five times already," he said. "Should never have married Stacy. She's not one tenth the cocksucker you are."

"Thank you, sir?" smiled Rose. "Will that be all? That last page was for me so if you don't need anything else I need to see my boss. One of the girls at the counter will help you pay for the jeans."

"No trouble," said the man giving her breasts one last squeeze as she dressed. 

As she left the change rooms Rose was surrounded by men claiming to be next in line. 

"I'm very sorry," she said wiping the cum from her face with her fingers. "I've been called to my bosses office. If you are prepared to wait I'll be back in a few minutes or one of the other girls could assist."

"Will you marry me," a fat man with an ugly combover blurted out.

"Pardon," said Rose taken aback. 

"I need an oral sex wife. Will you marry me?"

"No," said another man, even more obese. "Marry me. I've got a three bedroom townhouse on Madison. I need an oral wife too."

"Umm," said Rose. "Can you wait here for me. I need to talk to my boss first."

The men looked disappointed but not angry. Women had every right to choose if they would accept a proposal and Rose could see they weren't surprised at her turning them down. 

"Six weeks leave and a holiday of your choice," said the obese man. "And only one blowjob a day at the time of your choosing."

"I've got to go," said Rose. 

"Wow," she thought. "I never expected to be this popular. I should probably wait for the right guy as there seems to be no end of interest."

Rose had to turn down three more requests on the way to Mr Sweet's office, including from a security guard who was already being blown by Miss Temple. 

Rose was alarmed by the evil look Miss Temple gave her when the security guard asked her to take over from Miss Temple. Her mother had warned her some girls might be jealous of her and there was no doubt that's what Miss Temple 

was. 

"Can't blame her," thought Rose. "She's getting older and is still unmarried. She must see me as a threat."

Rose knocked on Mr Sweet's door and entered when he told her to come in.

"You wanted to see me sir?" she asked. 

Before he could speak the phone rang and Mr Sweet answered it. 

"Hello?" he said. "No, no word on the missing girls yet."

He motioned for Rose to take off her shirt. She smiled and unbuttoned it and was about to hang it over a nearby chair when she saw Mr Sweet motion for her to come over to him. 

She stood beside him and as he listened to whoever was on the other end of the phone he massaged her tits. 

"Yes, the new girl is working out fine," he said. "I'm about to fuck her mouth actually. We've had a lot of good feedback about her already."

Mr Sweet pushed Rose down so that she had to lie down across his desk on her back. He then dragged her by the hair until her head was hanging upside down off the desk inches from his cock. 

Resting the phone between his neck and shoulder he took hold of both her tits and pushed his dick into her open mouth until it slid all the way down into her throat. His balls came to rest on her eyes completely filling her vision. She braced for him to start fucking her mouth but instead he just kept his cock in her throat and began swinging it from side to side as if trying to make her gag. 

"Fuck," he said to the person on the phone. "Her throat is tight but she has no gag reflex at all."

Finally he pulled back and then thrust forward. His balls slammed back into her eyes with each thrust as tears welled up in her eyes as she fought back against the need to gag, determined to earn the praise he had just given her. 

"What do you mean marriage ban?" he asked the person on the phone. "Is that even legal?"

"Really," he said and stopped thrusting with his cock buried deep in her throat. 

"Really?" he said again. 

His cock was completely blocking her airways but Rose held back and fought the instinct to kick and struggle. 

"Really," he said again. 

It was almost like he had forgotten she was there and needed to breathe. 

Her eyes were still covered by his balls and she felt her head start to spin as she grew faint from lack of oxygen. All she could think to do was to try and make him cum so she began to flick her tongue around his shaft and tried to contract her throat muscles around the head of his cock. 

"Holy fuck!!" she heard him scream and his fingers dug deeply into her nipples. Suddenly cum erupted from his cock in a thick stream and his whole body shook as he started thrusting his cock wildly in her mouth. 

Finally he collapsed on top of her then slowly withdrew himself from her mouth and she tried to keep from gasping as she swallowed his cum and breathed again at last. 

"I'll call you back," said Mr Sweet and hung up the phone. 

He helped Rose off the desk and made her kneel beside his chair as he sat back down. 

"Lick my balls," he said to her. "I want to do that again in a few minutes after we've had a little chat."

Rose leant forward and licked at his sweaty balls as he sat in his chair. 

"That was my boss on the phone," he said. "It seems a lot of the executive level on the top floor have been watching you work today. Word got out pretty past about you."

Rose didn't know if that was good or bad so kept at her task licking his balls as his cock started to harden again. 

"They're worried that you might get some marriage proposals and leave us too quickly."

He lifted Rose's head in his hands and made her put his cock back in her mouth, gasping slightly at the feel of her warm wet mouth around his still sensitive cock 

"They've directed me to tell you that you're offered a sub penthouse apartment the level below mine to yourself if you remain unmarried. Further more if you remain unmarried and continue to work here for a period of five years you will be given the apartment and a salary equivelant to mine if you then become the overseer and trainer to new recruits."

Rose had no understanding of what any of this meant. It sounded good and she felt sure she was meant to be honoured but as she let him start to force her head up and down on his cock harder and harder she worried that she was being asked to turn her back on married life. 

"What if Mr Right comes along and I have to turn him down," she thought. 

"Oooh," cried Mr Sweet as she flicked her tongue around the head of his cock. She was quickly learning this was something no man could resist. He shuddered and again her mouth filled with streams of his cum. 

He pushed her off him and she felt back on her knees even as she swallowed his load. 

"What do you say?" he asked. 

Rose didn't know what to say or think. 

"Uuum," she said. "Can I have time to think about it?"

"Seriously?" said Mr Sweet. "What's their to think about. I've never heard of a woman being offered anything like this before. You're being offered the chance to almost live like a man. Sure you're still obliged to obey men at all times but you get your own sub penthouse, a man's salary and an almost management job!"

"But I can't marry," said Rose. "What if I fall in love. I almost have already today."

"My God," said Mr Sweet. "Most girls would kill for this opportunity. Do you know how many homeless girls would kill to be in your place?"

And then Rose remembered her friend Sasha. She turned 18 next week and would be homeless and jobless and with no future. 

"Could I share my apartment?" Rose asked. 

"What?"

"If I accept, could a friend of mine stay with me, perhaps as my servant?"

"Of course," said Mr Sweet. "You could employ any girl you want, as long as she isn't married of course."

"I'll take it," said Rose without another thought. She could see at once this was her chance to save her best friend. The potential of what was on offer was hitting her at last. She would almost be a man with her own place and real money. She could do whatever she wanted. She wouldn't need to marry. 

She was suddenly over the moon with happiness and went to embrace Mr Sweet but he grabbed her tits before she could get her arms around him and instead of hugging she found herself being roughly groped again. 

"A pity in some ways," said Mr Sweet talking to her tits. "I was going to ask you to marry me instead. But I guess you'll be downstairs at home and in my work place so if I ever need to unload your mouth won't be too far away."

He sucked her tits for a moment then pushed her aside. 

"It's almost closing time," he said. 

Rose suddenly remembered the old man she met at the start of the day. She remembered he was going to ask her to marry him tonight. She realised she better let him know in advance it wasn't possible any more.

Rose quickly buttoned up her shirt and left the office. Miss Temple was seated at her desk and glared at Rose as she past by. 

"You think you're pretty hot don't you, bitch," whispered Miss Temple. 

Rose stopped in her tracks and turned to face the secretary. At first she was scared at the sound of her voice then a rage ran through her at being spoken to like that when she had done nothing wrong. 

But then a kind of sympathy lodged in her. She saw it from Miss Temple's point of view. Loyally serving her boss day in and day out with probably the increasingly forlorn hope that she might marry him one day. 

It must have been terrifying for her. 

"How long have worked for Mr Sweet, Miss Temple?"

Miss Temple sneered at Rose but managed an answer. 

"Five years," she said. 

"Do you love him?"

Miss Temple caught her breath and Rose saw she must have loved him very deeply. She must have loathed Rose to her core out of fear that she would lose Mr Sweet to her. 

Rose turned back and walked into Mr Sweet's office without knocking. Mr Sweet was doing paperwork and looked up astonished at Rose. 

"Why haven't you asked Miss Temple to marry you?" she said. 

Mr Sweet's jaw dropped. He was entirely speechless at the question. 

"That is none of your business," said Mr Sweet. "You're lucky I don't fire you on the spot. How dare you talk to me like that!"

"I've one more condition," said Rose. "Don't worry it's the last one. You marry Miss Temple."

Mr Sweet hesitated. 

"And you won't marry ever?" he said. "You'll always work here and live in the sub penthouse? I can have you any time I want?"

"Yes," said Rose. "But you have to marry Miss Temple. She's desperate for you and you owe it to her."

Mr Sweet thought for a moment. 

"OK," he said. "As long as you sign an agreement that you won't marry I'll do it."

"Miss Temple," called Mr Sweet. Miss Temple appeared in the doorway. 

"I've been meaning to ask you this for some time and it's conditional on you continuing to act as my secretary during the day but will you be my fifth wife with a specialisation in oral sex?"

"Of course, I will," said Miss Temple and ran across the room to him. She went to embrace him but instead he pushed her head down so that she fell to her knees. He took out his soft cock and told her to kiss it which she eagerly did. It grew hard again under her kisses and she began sucking it like a woman possessed. 

Rose smiled and walked out of the room. She took the card given to her by the old man from her pocket and used Miss Temple's phone to call him. 

One of his wives answered the phone. She sounded very put out when Rose explained she couldn't make it after all. 

"That's the rudest thing I have ever heard," the wife hissed. "Turning down a dinner invitation and marriage proposal. Dinner was already cooked and my husband has abstained from sex all day in anticipation. We even cleaned out your cage already."

"Cage?" said Rose. 

"Of course," said the wife. "All his wives sleep in cages in the yard. What you expect a freakin bed?"

Rose hung up the phone. She couldn't believe that nice old man had planned on keeping her locked in a cage had she accepted. 

Rose realised just how unique the offer she had been made by Macy's now was if it was standard in some homes to sleep outside in a cage. 

She hurried back to her department to find the store mostly empty. Sue and Melissa were giving a double blowjob to a night security guard but otherwise the place had already emptied out. 

Rose headed out towards the subway. She planned on heading back to the street where she had been raised and telling her friend Sasha the good news. Perhaps she could even take her to her new place now. Rose imagined it would take a while before the sub penthouse was ready and she would have to sign a bunch of documents but her small apartment was in the same building so she hoped Sasha would be able to move in and be her servant the moment she turned 18.

What had started out as the scariest day in her life was 

suddenly filled with so much promise. 

At the subway station Rose found her train was already pulling in as she jumped on board. She was slightly relieved to find that there were more women than men on board the train and that every cock was already being serviced. Not that she minded pleasuring men, it was her duty after all, but she done so much of it today that her jaw ached and she was glad of the rest. 

Rose stood near the centre of the carriage beside a young nurse who was on her knees being facefucked by a younger man. The nurse seemed to having trouble with the size of the man's cock, which was unusually wide. She was gagging heavily as the man tried to force his cock into her mouth. 

Rose decided she should help the poor girl out and unbuttoned her shirt and guided one of the man's hands to her breast to let him feel them and hopefully get him off faster. It seemed to work as well as the man's gazed was fixed on the bounce of Rose's breasts and he suddenly pulled out and came on the nurses face. 

"Lick her clean," he said to Rose and made Rose kneel down and lick the cum from the nurses face. The train pulled into the station and the man got off allowing Rose and the nurse the unusual privilege of getting a seat on the unusually empty train. 
