 Princess Lucia Elsworth had been spending the last hours of her nineteenth birthday with two high noble heirs and some maids. The three were sitting in comfy chairs while the maids served their every need. It all went smoothly and without incidents until one very special necklace was picked out of the mountain of gifts that were given to Lucia by the nobles of the realm.

"Princess Lucia, out of all the gifts from low nobles you have gotten that necklace is by far the most refined looking," Sir Rubert said while sipping on his nectar drink, he was referring to the piece of master craft made of gold and one large ruby Princess Lucia was holding in an open box.

"It works well with your green eyes," Lady Abigail added, she too was holding a nectar class but she had not even touched it with her lips. She was more focused on playing with her long blond hair.

"Maids put this on," Lucia commanded, her hand offered the necklace box to the woman wearing black and white who was standing behind her.

"Yes mistress Lucia," the maid said with a nod, her hands moved to gently pull aside Lucia's long red hair that was in a single braid using many decorative pins. Another maid held it while the first one placed the necklace on Lucia's smooth skin.

"Ooh, this tickles weird," Lucia said, her hands moved to feel the necklace that was perfectly her size and the ruby hanged in her neck's nape like it was shaped to it.

The next time Lucia blinked the world changed around her. She was in a pool of thick and white sweet smelling liquid and several other forms were rising from it around her. Red light shined around them but at the Princess's next blink she was back where she had been before. 

"Mistress, did I do something wrong?" the maid hurriedly asked as she bowed. Lucia moved her head to look at the woman next to her.

"No, I think I dozed off for a moment," Lucia said as soft smile visited her regal face. There was no way she could say what she had seen in her short dream. It was not proper to talk about such things to servants nor nobles. 

"All gifts were checked by the royal mage and the pharmacist, there should be nothing odd in then," Sir Rubert muttered, he was stroking his barely growing blond moustache.

"No nothing like that, I simply feel a bit tired," Lucia explained, her hand had ventured to her lips. The sweet scent from her dream still lingered.

"Lucia, what did I tell you about touching your lips, they will get all ruined if you do that," Abigail said with a mild smile, almost like she was hoping it to happen. 

"I think I feel thirsty," Lucia voiced, her green eyes were wandering around the room like trying to find something.

"Did Princess notice my new leather pants, they are made from a rare animal our language don't even have a word yet. I'm trying to get my father name it after... the river," Rubert said, he had noticed Lucia's eyes had ventured down his clothes.

"They sure seem nice, I think I need a drink," Lucia muttered and one of the maids offered her a nectar glass, she gulped it down in one go.

Lucia's face was slowly turning redder and her eyes kept wandering even more. Rubert's leather pants had a visible padded bulge in his crotch like which many nobles used in their fashion lately, Lucia had trouble to stop looking at it.

"Isn't this nice Lucia, just the tree of us spending your birthday. Nothing like the big after party last year. No point letting just any low noble to come. Just the dance gala in the morning your father had arranged was full of all kinds of weird nobles from the far ends of the kingdom," Robert said with a grin, he had more than noticed where Lucia was looking at. His eyes were aiming back at the fine red dress Lucia was wearing that did little to hide her upper bosom.

"Yes but I really need to get that drink," Lucia almost stuttered, her hands were moving like she was fanning herself and her skin was faintly blushing.

"Mistress would you like water instead?" the maid asked.

"Yes water, I will go get water immediately," Lucia said as she stood up, the two nobles who were her age also stood up. They were only children of dukes after all.

"Mistress, we can fetch it for you," the maid said.

"No need to escort me," Lucia replied with an adamant tone despite her almost shaking hands but the maids walked behind her to the door.

"I said no need to escort me, the well is just at the end of the corridor," Lucia said and after a pause, she blurted out, "Wait here or I will... have you flogged."

"Yes, mistress," both of the maids said at the same time. They moved back to their serving positions.

Lucia walked out of the small dining room that was in the left wing of the royal castle and headed to the well at the end of the corridor. She looked around before knocking the door of the servant who did the lifting of the water with a bucket and a rope mechanism.

Even before the servant had managed to express his surprise for the Princess knocking the door the royal pushed into the room and closed the door behind her while the man backed away slightly shocked.

Lucia looked at the man in his mid-twenties before she said, "The smelly thing in your pants, I must see it."

"Princess?" the man uttered, his pants were plain and grey like any worker in the castle doing manual labour out of sight of the owners of the place.

"Nobody has ever said no to me and I won't let a mere servant be the first. I must see the thing that smells good in your pants," Lucia stuttered but her voice was gaining odd confidence despite the frantic look on her face.

"The red morning is coming," the man said, his brown eyes examined Lucia for any signs.

"What are you mumbling about, drop your low-quality pants already. I don't want to look at them the whole day," Lucia commanded, she was biting her lip and her breathing was increasingly ragged.

"The necklace? It's the one, you are the one who was chosen?" the man exclaimed.

"Are you going to obey me or not?" Lucia insisted, her trailing eyes were showing that her focus was only on one thing. The sweet scent that was attracting her like a fly to a candle was constantly burning stronger in her nose and mind.

"My name is Christof and I'm humbled to serve you," the man said with rising zeal as he dropped his pants. His cock was growing with speed and reached full erection before his pants hit the ground.

For a moment Lucia just stared at the oddly tasty looking cock with a slight mouth gape but then she said, "It looks so good. I wonder if it feels that too."

"Princess, I most gracefully accept your compliment," Christof announced. He pushed his hips forward to present himself better.

"Don't move," Lucia commanded as she stepped forward. She took a grip from the cock with her bare hand and her entire body was hit by a trembling wave. 

"The taste, I must taste it, taste it," Lucia stuttered, she knelt down on the floor and faced the cock. Her eyes tilted to look at the rod that was now in front of her, her royal pale skin was more than blushing.

Christof looked at Lucia's tongue reaching towards his cock and suddenly his tip was quickly licked. In the next moment, Lucia gulped down the cock in its entirety up to the servant's pubes. He felt his cock bend into her throat and the Princess was only trying to get it deeper.

"Praised be the chosen one has claimed me, may the whole world know this bliss," Christof announced, he was bending his knees to slowly rotate his hips.

Lucia's royal face was twisting but she was not giving away any part of the sizeable meat-brick even though her breathing was almost impossible. Her desperate attempts to suck the cock deeper were nothing but impossible.

"Princess, can you breath like that?" Christof asked with concern but then he added, "Let me help you."

Christof took a grip from Lucia's head and pulled her out, the Princess lifted her hands to resist but then he pushed his cock back in and her hands dropped down. A weird smile filled her face as her glazed eyes tilted to look upwards.

The cock kept sliding in and out of Lucia's royal throat with increasing speed. Her lips sucked it almost hard enough to clean it from her saliva but soon enough the rod was coated by a thick layer of it. Lucia's tongue was cupping against the cock and licked it like she wanted to taste it more.

"Princess Lucia... no. Holy and Lustful Lucia may my offering bless you," Christof announced loud enough that anybody outside the door would have been able to hear it. He was increasing his speed and using Lucia's face like a commoner's pleasure hole. 

Lucia's hairpins were well placed but Christof's fingers were digging into her red hair and making them loose and soon the first one dropped to the floor, it was a pin of silver.

At first, Lucia had tried to lift her trembling arms but then another sensation attracted them towards her loins. Her hip region was burning but her dress was blocking her path. No matter how hard she tried Princess Lucia could not reach the place that burned the hardest in her body.

"Lustful Lucia, I'm going to feed you your holy supper. May your lustful body be blessed," Christof announced and he rammed his cock all the way in, a blast of seed was directly shot down Lucia's throat. He only gyrated enough to make his cock pump more.  

Lucia desperately tried to get a lick to her tongue but all the seed was directly filling her belly. Strong pulses still went through her body as her clit twitched. Despite not even been touched Lucia's virgin body climaxed from the first forceful blowjob she had ever given. Plenty of juice covered her undergarments.

Nothing even in Lucia's royal life compared to the sensations she was feeling. The seed in her was not just burning but radiating with deep happiness beyond words. Even few tears appeared to the Princess's eyes from the sensations.

Christof started to pull out his cock but Lucia clamped on it hard enough to almost prevent it but the male gyrated with his hips and managed to take it out. The moment he let go of Lucia's head she collapsed to the floor and several more hairpins dropped down.

"Do you taste the supper? Does it taste good?" Christof asked with an odd smile.

"It tastes so sweet. I could not stop myself. I just had to have it," Lucia stuttered, she was massaging her lips with her fingers.

"I must report this, I must," Christof said in a hurry and ran out.

Sometime later Lucia's still blurred eyes saw her head maid Rastle run into the room, she stopped for a moment but soon kneeled next to the Princess. The maid looked like she had run and her black ponytail was tied in a rush. 

"I'm fine, I just feel a bit dizzy," Lucia stuttered before Rastle even asked anything.

"Let me clean you up my mistress," the maid said in a calm tone and systematically tidied up Lucia and her fallen pins.

** * **

"Mistress Lucia, do you feel alright?" Rastle asked as she was tucking Lucia to sleep for the night in her large royal bed.

"I'm fine, just leave," Lucia commanded with a stuttering voice.

The moment Rastle left the room Lucia's hands sank under her red sleeping dress, to feel her soft skin that was swollen. It was not the first time but never this much, constant stream of blood was filling her nethers.

"I guess this is what my brothers were talking about that day, how royals have needs," Lucia muttered, she pulled up her knees and put her hands between her thighs.

Lucia took a tight grip from her clit with both hands and started to rub it in an increasingly frantic pace. Her juice coated finger could barely hold a grip so she dug her nails into her flesh, some of her fingers even ventured to brush against her purity.

"Damn it, the priest was right, just doing it alone won't bring any satisfaction," Lucia screamed, she took a grip from her leg and pushed her heel against her clit with force. It only made her heat go worse and an urge to fill her hole grew bigger.

"Maybe I could... no, my purity... I can't break it. Maybe if I just taste it more, like with exotic drinks. I just just need to drink more to lose interest," Lucia mumbled in a feverish manner as her tender royal body burned with lust.

It took some hours but at some point, Lucia passed out from the heat alone.

** * **

The next day as soon as she could Lucia charged into the servant room where Christof was stationed. The Princess was wearing a more modest red dress this time with her usual decorated ponytail.

"My princess, you have come again," Christof said as he stood up, the princess had come in and locked the door with speed.

"Quit the talk servant. I only have minutes until my maids start to look for me. I need to taste it more. I need to feel it on my tongue," Lucia announced with odd confidence.

Lucia fell to her knees and opened her mouth. Christof did not need more encouragement to take his cock out. He aimed it at the Princess's open mouth and started to jerk it.

"Faster," Lucia commanded, she moved forth and back like hesitating on if she wanted to suck it or not.

"Give me that," Lucia commanded as things were not happening as instantly as she wanted. She grabbed at Christof's cock and he took his hands away more than willingly. With hard squeezing grip, Lucia jerked the cock without mercy, her lust glazed eyes only wanted one thing, to taste the man-nectar inside. Her tongue kept hanging below it to wait the moment something would come out.

The Princess kept sniffing the cock and her eyes stared at it almost angrily. It still burned her hand with pleasure but something was different. Lucia was governed by impatient curiosity to the moment she got what she wanted.

"I live to serve the embodiment of lust," Christof declared as his cock exploded into Lucia's mouth. Some of it spilt on the Princess while she leaned forward to take the seed that dripped out.

Lucia took the tip into her mouth and sucked it with a lustful grin. Her tongue pressured the small cock milk-hole with desperate speed, the seed she could get burned pleasurably in her mouth.

"Honoured lustful Lucia, my body screams of joy to serve you," Christof declared, his legs were almost shaking from the forceful sucking his climaxed cock was receiving even though it was just the tip.

Suddenly Lucia stopped and pulled back before she said, "You taste odd, watery like it was... unfinished. Also, you smell bad. You should go wash yourself." 

Lucia licking her lips and used her fingers to take the seed that had spilt on her royal jaw. Oddly enough her clit had not reacted as strongly as the last time.

"I'm sorry my lustful mistress, I was not ready this soon," Christof said, he kneeled down and bowed.

The bad smell made Lucia look down and she knew some of the seed had dropped to her dress, she lifted it up enough so that she could lick it clean. Part of her wished she had worn the dance dress with an exposed upper bosom, images of seed covering her naked body filled Lucia's mind.

"I need to taste more. The fragrant ones. I smelled so many good ones on my way here," Lucia said in a calm voice, she stood up and walked out of the chamber.

"I live to serve," Christof yelled after the Princess.

** * **

That evening Lucia was pacing in her room and her hands were trying to make her clit and a burning hunger for seed calm down with little to no success.

"What do I do? I could barely eat and I'm still hungry," Lucia said to herself, she had stopped to rub herself to the smooth end of her royal bed.

"I need more but just... the nice scented water servant," Lucia suddenly stuttered with twisted clarity.

"The water servant sleeps in this floor, I was shown how to get there along the secret tunnel," Lucia muttered, she headed to a large wall painting of a forest and used a hidden lever to open a pathway.

** * **

Lucia had no idea how late castle servants went to sleep, she had been waiting for the water servant to come to his sleeping chamber for hours now. Though lucky for the Princess just the anticipation of gaining his seed was enough to keep her focused on her goal. Lucia had also been rubbing her clit into the lever of the secret passage door through her sleeping gown, it was so lubricated by now it felt pleasurable but the Princess wanted more. 

The moment the waited for male servant stepped into the small storage room with one bed Lucia leapt from her hiding spot in the secret tunnel and locked the chamber's main door with a beam. It was more to keep anybody else coming in since Lucia had let the secret passage wall panel stay open. 

Before the male was even able to move Lucia announced, "You are the nice scented servant who carries things for my maids."

"Yes Princess," the servant stuttered, he was a few years older than the Princess and had a brown hair with same eye colour.

"I noticed you sleep alone here. This place has a nice aroma to it too," Lucia added, her red dress was visibly wet around her loins in the scant moonlight coming from the window.

"Yes princess," the servant replied, he was calming down and his eyes were looking at the Princess with a weird puzzled grin mixed with desire.

"Out of all the male servants you look and smell the tastiest," Lucia blurted out not knowing what else to say as that was the reason she was here, there was no room for games in the seed starved princess's mind. 

Lucia dropped to her knees and said, "You may place your sweet-part into my mouth, I will suck it for you."

As the male did not immediately react Lucia added, "Come on, I'm not going to wait the whole day and just find another servant do it for me."

"Yes Princess..." the servant finally muttered, he stepped next to the Princess and dropped his pants, his cock was already erect. It was also notably sized.

"Don't move," Lucia instructed before taking the tip in. Her lips started to tremble almost immediately as her desire to take it all in filled her but this time Lucia was ready for the urge and used her royal discipline training to say no to the urge.

"Only I can say no to myself," Lucia muttered through the cock's tip, she was only letting her tongue move to lick the tip.

"Princess, I'm cumming soon," the servant uttered.

"Already?" Lucia muttered, she sucked the tip in full as she felt the incoming seed. It was a weird mix of smell and intuition.

"You feel so good," the servant announced as his cock unloaded plenty pent-up seed into the princess's hungry mouth. Her tongue rolled around it until the desire to swallow it down became too great.

"Princess, you feel so good," the servant kept repeating, even when no more seed would leave him the Princess kept sucking him. When his cock deflated enough Lucia took it fully into her mouth as it bent. Her tongue was doing circles around it and it soon started to gain length again. Feeling this Lucia backed away and let the saliva dripping cock go.

"Princess, is something wrong?" the servant asked, Lucia was looking down and touched her lips.

With a stutter, Lucia replied, "Your... seed... your meat, tasted so good. It's the best I have tasted. You still tasted good even when you started to smell bad."

Helped by the Princess's lustful confession the servant's cock grew almost fully erect again. Lucia's saliva was still glimmering on it and dripped to his balls.

Lucia continued stuttering, "What is your name, I need to know the name of the person who tastes this good."

"Oliver, my name is Oliver," the servant replied. He straightened up like he was some honour guard.

Lucia leaned in and gave a quick lick to Oliver's cock. Her hands took a grip from it and played with his foreskin while she moved it around like a toy.

"It's not the same any more," Lucia muttered as she stood up. She stepped forward and moved her grip to Oliver's balls, her fingers went between them and gave a short squeeze.
