 Chapter One

At the young age of twenty two, Suzanna had already had a pretty crap life, experiencing much of the world's crudity but few of its pleasures. The ever present threat of starvation and the eternal loneliness of roaming the world alone were all that she had known for the last decade and she had had little cause for celebration. Even so, she had a bit of optimism. Yea, life was crap; but it couldn't stay that way forever.

She had been wandering aimlessly through a forest when her life took yet another bad turn. It was just the latest in a line of many that had started when her parents died in a tragic accident. She was only three at the time and had ended up in an orphanage, which she later ran away from. The latest stroke of bad luck had landed her in the middle of an ambush that had been laid for some bandit clan. She'd been arrested alongside the survivors. Regardless of how much she had pleaded, the guards would not let her go. Their only response was to beat her when they grew too tired of her begging. Even three days after the incident, the bruises still hurt.

Still, at least they hadn't raped her. She could tell from the lustful looks some of them guards had given her that they quite happily would have. With her bound before them, it would have been pretty damn easy for them to do so as well. It seemed they wouldn't stoop quite that low.

Suzanna hadn't been surprised to see their lustful looks though. She'd had to deal with them enough times to realise that her beauty was just about the only thing she had going for her. She had long, chestnut hair that flowed down past her smooth, innocent face until it ceased at the small of her back. She was a bit on the thin side due to being underfed for much of the last decade but had still blossomed into a fine figure with curves in the right places and a generous set of breasts. 

Her beauty had often allowed her to get what she needed to survive. Giving someone a sexy smile or showing a little bit of flesh had allowed her to steal bread or some other essential on many an occasion. A few times she had actually gone all the way; selling herself of as a prostitute. As much as she enjoyed the sex, she didn't do this often because she always felt bad afterwards. She'd actually contemplated giving head to one of the guards as a bribe but decided against it; they probably wouldn't let her go anyway.

Now, three days after her capture, she found herself in a group trial before the king. She was with the bandits, biting her lip to prevent herself groaning in mixed annoyance and pain as a rough pair of hands squeezed her butt cheeks mercilessly. As she glanced at the bandit behind her she saw that he had a big, stupid grin on his face that perfectly mirrored his intelligence level.

She grimaced as he touched her again, ignoring, or perhaps not even noticing, the fiery look of warning in her eyes. She performed a back kick that she had learned specifically to deal with this sort of unwanted attention and struck him hard in the groin. His face turned to one of surprise as he fell to the ground crutching at his groin. Naturally, the guards didn't care for an injured bandit and some of those that saw actually smirked.

She turned back to face the front, feeling proud of herself. She was lost within the rabble formed by the bandits and thus could not see the king. More importantly, he could not see her. If he could have then she might have had a chance. It was almost as if the guards had deliberately placed her out of sight. The king's voice drifted over from the front, interrupting her thoughts.

"For the crime of banditry there is but one punishment I can impose upon you. By the laws of the land, you are all sentenced to death. May the gods have mercy on your souls."

Even though she'd expected it, she broke into a panic and started to barge an improvised escape route through the bandits. She knew it was futile but she had to get away, even if it was impossible. She almost made it to the door before she was stopped by the powerful arms of a sturdy guard and brought crashing against the cold metal of his chainmail as he growled a warning into her ear. She began bucking wildly and hitting him anywhere and everywhere she could, striking his face hard with the back of her head, drawing blood from his lips. He held tightly though and more guards ran over to assist.

The panic left her to be replaced by dread as she once again found herself to be bound and helpless because of the guards. What would they do with her? Perhaps they'd rape her now, justifying it as punishment for her escape attempt. They'd rape her and then throw her in the dungeon with the bandits and they would surely rape her as well. Then, as if that wasn't bad enough, she'd be executed. It seemed natural that the end of her crap life would be so bad.

The guards began marching her towards the exit as she resigned herself to her fate; there was nothing she could do about it.

"Wait! Bring her here."

Terror filled her once again as she heard the voice of the king and the guards pivoted smartly. She trembled as she was dragged over to him and thrown at his feet. He studied her for a moment as she stared down at the ground, not daring to move a muscle. The king had a natural ability to read people and he knew for certain that the young woman before him was no bandit. There had to have been some kind of mistake.

"What is your name?" he asked.

Suzanna could not think straight. She was terrified by the thought of what he could do to her. Rape simply did not compare to the pain and humiliation he could cause with a single order. It took quite some time for her to realise just how softly he had spoken. His voice was conversational, inviting and perhaps even friendly. She looked up at him in disbelief.

As her eyes settled upon him, she decided that he was quite handsome; not overtly so, but enough that he would stand out from the crowd even if he were not the king. It was also enough that she began to feel some arousal from looking at him. She scorned herself; it wasn't like her to get aroused so easily. He must have only been a couple of years older than she was and a small, pleasant smile was written on his face. He had signs of athleticism with strong arms that could easily provide comfort and security. His lips were kissable; or they would have been, if he had not been so far out of her league.

When their eyes briefly connected a few seconds later her knees grow weak, her pulse accelerated and her heart leapt. She saw the king loose his dignified posture slightly and knew that he'd felt something to. No, of course he hadn't. Clearly, she was being silly. Nothing had happened between them; nothing could ever happen. It was better to ignore it and thus avoid the inevitable heartache. She closed her eyes as she took some deep breaths that cleared her mind of its stupidity. Finally, she told him her name.

"Hello Suzanna," he said softly. "I am king Tyson of Asgarath. Now tell me, why were you with the bandits?"

Suzanna told him of how she had been caught up in the ambush by chance and arrested. It was a simple mistake, but one that very nearly cost her life. Tyson looked her over for a little while under the pretence that he was considering whether she was telling the truth. In fact, he had already decided upon it and was taking the opportunity to admire her body. Even beneath the bruises and the dirt, he could tell that she was quite beautiful. He wanted their eyes to meet again. He had to be sure that he'd felt what he thought he had, but she was making an effort to avoid his gaze. He sighed as his efforts proved fruitless. He should probably just give his verdict now.

"Well, you do not look like a bandit to me and I believe you are telling the truth. I hereby pardon you of the crimes of which you have been accused and the punishments befitting them crimes."

Suzanna felt relief flooding her body. She'd known in heart that he wouldn't let harm come to her, even if her mind still rejected the idea.

"Did the guards cause that bruising?" he asked her.

"Yes."

Tyson's face fell as his suspicions were confirmed. It meant that he was indirectly responsible for them and the thought saddened him. After a few seconds, he spoke to her, his voice carrying a little of his sadness to her ears.

"You have been wronged in my name and there is nothing I can do to make it up to you but I shall try none the less. What would you ask me for?"

She thought about it for a moment. The moistness dripping down her leg told her that the only thing she wanted right then was him. It was an undeniable hunger, but she would rather starve than have it sated. She couldn't face the emotional backlash that would follow. 

"A good night's sleep and some food. It is all that I need."

"Ah, of course."

Tyson was disappointed that she hadn't asked for more. Still, he could not fault her for it and he brightened up as he realised that there was no reason he couldn't make "a good night's sleep and some food" special for her. After all, he was the king.

Chapter Two

Suzanna's jaw dropped when she entered the chamber Tyson had given to her for the night. She had expected a small, unremarkable room; perhaps near the servants' quarters. What she found was something very different. The room was expansive, richly furbished and downright impressive. The centre of the room was dominated by a large bed that looked comfortable enough that you could sleep for an eternity in it. There was the normal assortment of bedroom furniture, although all of it was far grander than one might normally see. There was also a balcony to the right of her that looked out across the city.

Clearly the room was meant for a princess and Suzanna couldn't help but think the king was being a bit excessive in his attempts to make it up to her. A part of her, the part she had been trying to ignore, suggested that he was trying to impress her. It was certainly working.

A door to her left opened and a young woman entered. She bowed her head in greeting and it was then that Suzanna noticed something unusual about the newcomer. She was in fact an elf, with the characteristic pointed ears and unquestionable grace shared by all of her race. She was quite beautiful with long, golden hair that hung down behind a darkly tanned face that was evidence of years spent outside in the sun.

"Good evening my lady. I am Ólwen. I will be you handmaiden whilst you are here."

Suzanna frowned at being called 'my lady'. It made her feel like she was impersonating someone. It just didn't seem right, even if she was being treated like a princess.

"Please, call me Suzanna."

Ólwen shifted nervously.

"I was told to treat you as the king's esteemed guest. I could get in trouble if I did not call you 'my lady'."

"Well, how about you call me my lady when there are other people about, but Suzanna when it is just us? They would never need to know."

"That would work."

Ólwen smiled at her before beckoning towards the door.

"I have prepared a bath for you with a special herbal remedy to help with the aches. Just through here."

The door closed behind Suzanna as she was granted the privacy to strip alone. She carefully began to remove her T-shirt from her body, wincing as the bruises reminded her of their places. The king had done more than she expected in an attempt to make up for what was done for her and she had a strong suspicion that it was more than just an apology. She knew he lusted after her as she had lusted after him but it was absurd that anything more would come of it. Even if she did give into her desires, she'd feel bad afterwards. 

Her hands rubbed lightly against her breasts as she removed her bra and her nipples began to harden. She was still very aroused and it was all because of Tyson. Never before had she been aroused so easily. Once again she wondered whether there was some special connection between them. She'd never believed in love at first sight, but what if it did exist? Surely it wouldn't just be sex then?

She was now dressed in only her panties and her hand subconsciously slid beneath the fabric, not to remove them, but to gently touch herself. A moan left her mouth as her eyes closed and her finger slowly slid along her pussy lips.

No, she was being silly again. He wasn't going to be interested in her for anything other than sex. It wouldn't be the first time either. Her body was always wanted but she never was. It was just a fact of her life and she'd long accepted it, but it didn't stop her longing for him. She couldn't give in to it though; she couldn't risk the pain.

With some surprise, she looked down at her hand which was still involuntarily stroking her pussy. She sighed as she withdrew her hand but knew it was for the best. Ólwen was just the other side of the door and she would surely hear her moans. Maybe tonight, as she lay in her bed, she would give into her needs but now was not the time.

She tried hard not to touch herself as she removed her panties but it was like trying to hold back the tide and a small gasp left her mouth as her finger trailed along her pussy lips once more. She knew she shouldn't but she also knew that she couldn't deny it. Still she wasn't comfortable standing up. She looked around and a smile came to her lips as she noticed the table near the bathtub and made her way over to it.

She sat down upon it, spreading her legs as her feet rested on the sides of the tub. She looked anxiously at the door and sighed. There was nothing else for it. Her finger trailed through her neatly trimmed pubic hair and around the outer edge of her pussy lips, not quite touching them. She lightly teased herself, just for a moment before her desire overwhelmed her.

She forced herself to remain silent as her finger passed between her pussy lips again. She began to circle her hood, trying to entice her clit out of it and a moan escaped her tightly shut mouth. She looked straight at the door in alarm, her finger frozen in place. Thankfully, it did not open.

Her attention returned to her pussy and her now exposed clit. She began to play with it slowly, gently sliding her finger across it. Her other hand began to play with her nipple, gently rolling it between her fingers. She bit her lip to prevent another moan leaving her mouth as she increased the pressure on her clit.

Her hand posture changed so that her thumb alone remained clamped over her clit, applying pressure whilst her index finger pushed into her pussy. She whimpered quietly, not quite able to restrain the moan as her finger found her G spot.

Slowly at first, but at a rapidly increasing pace, she bought herself closer to orgasm. Her eyes closed as the first wave of pleasure passed through her and a loud moan left her mouth. Some small part of her screamed that Ólwen must have heard it but the scream was drowned in the ocean of pleasure that was spreading from her pussy.

Her body began to shake as the orgasm grew in intensity and her eyes closed. Every nerve in her body was on fire and she had lost touch with reality as the orgasm consumed her. Then, as suddenly as it came, the orgasm passed, leaving her smiling with the happy afterglow.

She felt better now. A lot of the sexual tension had left her and she felt much more relaxed. The smile remained on her face as she remembered that she was supposed to be taking a bath. She slid into the water with a contented sigh as the comforting heat soothed her body. It had been so long since she last bathed in hot water; most of the time there was only a river or lake available and the water was always cold. Her mind cleared as her muscles relaxed into the heat, causing the aftermath of her orgasm to wash away with the dirt.

****

A little while later, and without warning, Ólwen came into the room. Suzanna quickly covered her breasts with her arms and glared over at the elf with some embarrassment. Ólwen bowed her head politely.

"Sorry, I did not mean to intrude Suzanna but I have a matter of the utmost importance. What do you think of this dress?"

Suzanna would have complained then because it sure didn't seem at all important. But when Ólwen displayed an exotic blue dress, her mouth stopped working. She instantly fell in love with it. Finally, she managed to find words.

"It's spectacular. Why was that so important?" she asked.

"The king has asked that you dine with him this evening and as such we must make sure you look amazing."

"The king what?" Suzanna exclaimed, jotting up out of the water, giving Ólwen a clear view of her breasts and the top of her pubic hair. She immediately sank back down again in embarrassment and looked straight ahead of her. 

"The king would like you to dine with him," Ólwen repeated simply after a pause. It was the only give away that she had seen Suzanna's naked body.

"Yea, that's what I thought you said."

She wasn't sure what was worse, being told that she was to dine with the king or displaying her naked body to Ólwen. It didn't take her long to decide. Dinner with Tyson was much worse because there was far more than embarrassment at stake. She knew she'd asked for food, but she didn't expect to be dining with the king himself. 

She didn't need to ask to know that it would just be the two of them and she didn't trust her body, even after dealing with much of her sexual frustration. Dinner with the king - surely such a thing wouldn't end well. 

"I'm sure you'll be fine," Ólwen said as she sensed the frustration passing though Suzanna.

"Of course I won't be fine. I can't dine with the king."

"Why ever not?"

"Because he's the king," she said. It wasn't a lie, but it wasn't the whole truth either. There were more reasons why she couldn't dine with him and all ended in sex, rejection or embarrassment.

Ólwen let out a little chuckle at the weak argument Suzanna had given.

"So you think that because he is the king you cannot dine together?"

"Yes," said Suzanna simply. She couldn't admit to Ólwen that there was more to it than that so she'd just have to play out the lie.

"Are you prepared to deny his wishes?"

"Of course not, he's the bloody king."

Ólwen smiled.

"So, you can't dine with him because he's the king, but you also can't refuse to dine with him because he's the king."

"Yep. I'm fucked right?" she replied. 

Ólwen let out a sigh of disbelief.

"I'm not a complete expert on the king, but he seems like an okay guy. Forget that he's the king and just enjoy yourself."

"And how am I supposed to do that?"

"Honestly, I haven't a clue. I'm sure you'll think of something."

Suzanna let out a "humph" of resignation and despair. That advice was not helpful. Even worse, she couldn't tell Ólwen that the problem wasn't that she couldn't pretend Tyson wasn't the king; it was that she didn't want to. If he wasn't the king, she had a chance with him. She placed her head into her wet hands and took a series of deep breaths.

She would be dining with the king and there was nothing she could do about it. A part of her wanted to run through the castle, screaming in happiness and the rest wanted to find a dark corner to hide in. She had to relax. She could and would handle this in a dignified way. She could last one dinner without surrendering herself to him. Then she'd get the hell away from Tyson before something really bad happened.

An hour later and Ólwen was had just finished making some finishing touches to Suzanna's hair and stepped back to look at the figure of beauty before her. Suzanna looked stunning and certainly did not look out of place in a palace full of beautiful artworks.

"Good luck, my lady." Ólwen said as Suzanna made her way towards the exit. She did not bother to complain about being called 'my lady'. She felt like a princess; a princess that was heading towards a date. No, she had to remind herself. She was going to dinner with the king. By the gods, she was nervous.
