 It was dawn by the time Ruby had finished unpacking into her new studio. She celebrated with a shower and a cup of instant coffee, throwing open the huge warehouse doors and watching the sunrise light the cluster of fine old brick buildings around the courtyard. She could not believe her luck finding this place.

Her head buzzed with tiredness and her body ached. All she wanted now was some sleep. Maybe a good, deep shag from New Boyfriend Bill too. She could sneak into his flat - now he had given her a key - and ravish him while he was still in bed. He was so gorgeous asleep, and his huge member seemed permanently hard. She could sit on it and surprise him. Or even better, sit on his face, then...

She sighed and stopped herself. What was it with exhaustion and horn?

Opposite, on one of the upper floors, a doll-faced young woman watered the plants on a lush balcony. She looked like the star of an arty fashion shoot, so whimsical and beautiful with her flowery dress and great long legs and sleek gold hair. The woman noticed Ruby and waved. God her eyes were huge, and jet black. Ruby flushed, as if her earlier imaginings were still muckily visible all over her face. She didn't wave back.

Her phone, shoved in her front jeans pocket, vibrated and Ruby squealed in surprise. She fiddled it out and smirked at the screen. A message from Bill.

>Gotta talk.

Ruby thumbed back:

>Yes! I need a good tongue-lashing.

There was enough delay for Ruby to re-read her text and feel foolish. In fact she was washing up her cup before his reply came.

>Sorry Babe. Som 1 else. Old gf. Gonna need key back.

Ruby slumped. Bastard. "Fucker. Asshole. Dickhead!" She palmed a tear from her cheek.

"Um. You ok?" The young woman peered down from her balcony.

The last thing Ruby needed was the perfect sympathy of little miss perfect knickers. "Yep. Sorry. Shitty boyfriend," she said, waving it away.

The young woman crossed her arms. "Hmm I know," she said, frowning, "I can help with that."

Ruby blinked. What a loon. "How, exactly?"

"How do I know, or how can I help?"

"Either?"

The woman grinned. "I'm Fay," she said, "Come on up. Top floor."

And she meant it. Fay's apartment occupied the entire top floor of the old warehouse, double height and divided by a single, huge, white curtain. An achingly stylish jumble of brick, driftwood and polished concrete. She greeted Ruby like an old friend, hugging her and pressing a kiss to Ruby's cheek with a "mwah!" Her body looked willowy but was shockingly firm. When Fay stepped out of their embrace her shape remained impressed on Ruby's front, the kiss chilling on her cheek. 

Fay beamed, bare feet crossed and rocking her hips to some inner music, her cheeks - for some reason - flushed pink. She toyed with a large black remote. "You're eyes are so blue," she all but whispered, "and I love your red hair."

"I don't mean to be rude." Ruby crossed her arms, "But-"

Fay held up her hand, and pressed a button on the remote. A projector fired up and filled the curtain with an Imax-scale picture. The elevated view of a kitchen. A woman reclined on the kitchen table with her skirt round her waist and knees drawn up and apart. A shirtless, muscular man leaned into the frame, yanked the gusset of the woman's underwear to the side and shoved his face between her spread thighs. The woman whimpered.

"Ok." Ruby started to turn, poised to run from this evident nutcase.

Fay gripped her hand. "Don't you recognise anything?"

Ruby frowned. Cursed her stupidity for getting into this. Then she heard him, muffled, but undeniable, "Oh baby. Baby. Mmm."

Bill?

She looked again, trying to avoid the writhing woman as she clawed at the nuzzling head. It was Bill's kitchen. That was his table. So that was... Ruby's jaw dropped.

Fay laughed, and fiddled with the remote. The picture moved, floated down over the couple, rested on the woman's heaving stomach. The man's face filled the wall, forehead sheened in sweat, tongue lapping and wriggling between the woman's legs. Definitely Bill.

"How did... What?"

"It's live," Fay said, "call him."

Ruby pulled out her phone, but her brain jammed. "No. This is a windup."

Fay grabbed it off her and dialled. On screen, huge Bill frowned. Without stopping his licking he pulled his phone out. Fay swung the viewpoint round, looking over his shoulder as he pulled his face off the woman and slid a finger into her. She gasped and he surreptitiously checked his screen. Ruby's number.

Ruby's eyes welled as Bill shook his head, tossed the phone and launched his mouth back to work. Tears popped and rolled down her cheeks. "I don't understand," she said, unable to tear her eyes from the tormenting view.

"Do you want me to turn it off?" Fay said.

"Yes. No. What are you? Some kind of spy or detective or..."

Bill sucked the woman's bits, his fingers moving inside her. "I watch," Fay said but Ruby didn't quite hear as the woman cried out.

"A Witch?"

"No. I watch." Fay slid the view over the couple, over the woman's blissed-out face. "It's what I do, watch. Everything."

"Everything?"

"Well, the interesting bits. "

"Sex."

"Sex." Fay chuckled. "Well, orgasms. It's difficult to describe. They sustain me. I think. Women's climaxes are best. Men's are ok but like... little snacks. This woman is not as pretty as you." Fay flung herself into a huge leather cloud of a sofa.

Ruby was not vain but had to agree, the woman was quite plain. "That doesn't help." Ruby perched beside Fay. "I don't want to see her face."

"Me neither. Have you seen this?" The viewpoint moved down to the woman's fingers, explicitly spreading herself as Bill teased and pulled away for a moment, wiping his hand across his mouth.

"Seen what? How wet she is?" Ruby swallowed at a lump in her throat, adding quietly, "Is that why he's with her do you think?"

"No, and she's not wetter than you. Check out their ring-fingers."

"Married! Son of a bitch." Ruby crossed her arms, and her legs. A resurgence of her horn was complicating the pain. "Hang on. What do you mean; she's not wetter than me?"

"Um. Did I not tell just you? I watch."

"Even me?"

"Especially you. Is that wrong?"

Ruby glared at the odd waif, spread on the sofa carelessly. As if she'd been tossed there. "When?"

Fay shrugged. "All the time." She pointed the remote at the curtains. The picture dissolved into an overpowering blur, flying and rewinding, then settling over a sleeping figure, lying on her side with a stripe of sunlight across her white sheet. Red hair, cream skin. Ruby. Last summer maybe and no, she wasn't sleeping. Her hips rocked at something invisible beneath the sheet.

Fay sighed. "You are so beautiful when you orgasm." Projected Ruby turned onto her back, the sheet tented over spread knees, a vigorous movement between.

The watching Ruby hid her face. "Why me?"

Fay slid a foot along the seat until it wedged under Ruby's leg. Ruby jumped, but didn't move. The contact was re-assuring. "Once, I was watching these student girls do each other on a plane, under a blanket. You were in the background, in the third seat, pretending to be asleep."

"I watched them," Ruby said, covering her eyes now. "You saw."

Fay wriggled her toes under Ruby's thigh. "One of the most delightful things I've ever seen. All that secret... pleasure. I was hooked after that. On you." Projected Ruby had pulled her legs up and back, one foot sticking out from under the sheet, the rest of her body jiggling underneath it. "Is that what you were imagining here? Those girls with their slippery fingers and squeaking climaxes?" Fay leant forward, resting her cheek on her knee. Her skirt slid down her thigh, leaving her leg bare. A scent of warm sea breezes rolled off her.

Ruby nodded. "Probably. It is a favourite of mine." Her image arched and cried out, shivering, eyes screwed shut. Then she writhed, sighed and - with a rush of shame - Ruby watched herself lick her glossy fingers.

Fay swore and squirmed in her seat. Ruby swore and felt feint. "What the fuck? How is this possible? You're some kind of alien or visitor from the future, you must be."

Fay made a question-mark of her eyebrows. "You think so?"

"You don't know?"

"How is one supposed to know?" She leant back and swung her raised knee, letting slip, in the briefest of cheeky glimpses, her lack of underwear. She smirked as Ruby's eyes snagged there.

Ruby sighed. Her flushed-pink doppelganger on the screen happily fluffed up her pillow to go back to sleep. "You're a fairy then, or some kind of... vampire."

"Maybe they're all me, I think I've been doing this a long time." Fay waved her remote again. She rewound further and found a soldier stoically pumping "yesses" out of a girl in an alleyway. Flappers presenting naked rears, a lifted skirt in a horse-drawn carriage, lithe naked figures rolling in thick wheat. Spreading and thrusting and licking and screaming from all ages and all over the world.

Ruby shook her head, she felt... insane. And very, very horny.

"Show me Bill. And me. Yesterday."

"Ruby."

"Please. It will help."

Fay called up Bill's bathroom. Ruby under the hot spray, one foot wedged on a shelf, face pressed to the tiles and pushing back at Bill, thrusting hard from behind.

Ruby opened the front of her jeans and slid her hand inside, relishing Fay's "Oh!" then gasping herself as she found her sex crazily wet. Not a minute too soon. Ruby needed to scratch this itch. Let the woman watch again if she liked.

Fay did like, and made no secret of it, dropping to her knees in between Ruby's, eyes swollen to big black saucers. The slap-slap-slap of Bill's hips on Ruby's buttocks filled the room. Recorded Ruby and the real one gasped in syncopation as her fingers slid inside and matched Bill's pace, thumb rubbing at her spot. And Fay watched, hands clasped between wide knees, delight radiating off her.

"He fucks for ages," Ruby muttered, her fingers digging at her arousal, a tense tingle building up.

"I know," Fay said, frowning, then grabbing Ruby's jeans and underwear and yanking them over her bottom. "Very dull." Ruby was lost in lust. She let Fay toss the clothing.

"Actually. It really is isn't it?" Ruby propped her feet on the cushions and spread the full gory details, then realised watching this beautiful woman watch her was actually more exciting than Bill's sports fucking.

"Oh my," Fay said, and curled her hands underneath herself. "This is very exciting."

Suddenly Bill growled, "You done babe? I need to cum."

On-screen Ruby nodded enthusiastically. "I wasn't really," said the real one. "But I knew I wouldn't cum. Not like that." Bill pulled out and Ruby dropped to her knees, grabbing his member and rubbing it. The real Ruby pressed her lips as Bill roared. Fay turned to watch. Bill came, howling, "Suck it! Suck it!"

"Well he certainly enjoyed himself," Fay said as he twitched and spasmed all over Ruby's cheek and hand. With a stiff smile, she offered both to the cleansing hot water. "He didn't deserve you. Glad you didn't suck him off."

"Only way he ever wanted to cum," Ruby said. "This was as far as I'd go. With him anyway." She wanted Fay's attention back. She stroked the woman's cheek. Fay smiled and touched the tip of her tongue to Ruby's finger.

"You taste salty," Fay said.

"I know," Ruby said. "Now, where were we?"

On screen Bill muttered, "Don't stop, don't stop." He had kept Ruby there for ages, kissing his cock until he was limp. Ruby hoped Fay might kiss her now, all over her flushed folds. Kiss her till she came.

"Hey." Inspiration came to Ruby as a flash. "Can you, like, send these as attachments?"

Fay nodded at Ruby's bits, eyes narrowed. Then it hit her and she lit up. "Oh yes. I can. Devious Cow. All this?" Fay leapt to her feet and grabbed the entire orgasm finale from the curtain. "You want me to send it now?"

Fay flicked the picture back to Bill and his wife. She was still on her back on the kitchen table, her legs over Bills shoulders and yelping as he thrust his hips in a wild frenzy.

"Oh my," Fay said, zooming around them, "He doesn't look like he's going to last as long as he did with you. Quite charming, though, don't you think?" Her voice trailed off as she filled the screen with the couple's glistening, slamming bits.

Ruby felt another slump of humiliation, he even came quicker with this woman. What was it about her?

"Baby I'm cumming I'm cumming," Bill blurted

"Oh quick, send it to them, send it." Ruby leapt up.

"I can do better than that," Fay said pulling back the camera as Bill's wife dropped to her knees and quickly pulled his rigid, glossy penis into her mouth, humming and rubbing briskly.

"Ah ha! So that's her secret!" Ruby said as Fay made a bowling motion and a TV in the corner of Bill's kitchen popped into life, and there for all to see: Ruby and Bill in the shower.

Bill's wife raised an eyebrow, and pulled him out of her mouth. "Oh darling did you miss me that much?" she said. 

The watchers dropped their jaws. Seriously? His wife didn't mind?

She smiled and rolled her eyes. "Well you won't need to watch porn now I'm back." She gobbled him back in and quickened her hand.

"Suck it! Suck it!" said Bill's TV.

The wife stopped. She peered at the screen again. She grimaced.

"No! don't stop!" Bill grabbed her head and thrust his cock at her. She batted it away, wandering to the TV, watching her husband climax. Over Ruby.

"Motherfucker!" She screamed and Fay and Ruby cheered, clapping and high-fiving then jumping for joy as the woman slapped the crap out of Bill.

And as the argument roared and screeched and smashed behind them, Ruby grabbed Fay's face and kissed her hard. Fay squealed, then plunged her tongue into Ruby's mouth and it was more satisfying and more arousing than an hour of her Ex New Boyfriend's dick.

Fay grabbed Ruby's bare buttocks and pushed her hips in a winding grind. Ruby shoved her hands up Fay's skirt to squeeze her writhing bottom and they both got a fit of giggles. Ruby took Fay's hand and pressed it between her legs where it cupped her puffy folds and stirred. Ruby shivered and gripped Fay's shoulders for support, opening her mouth for another kiss. "Do me," she muttered.

"Wait," Fay said, "I need to show you something first."

She turned off the images of hysterics and lead Ruby behind the curtain. Then through more curtains to a huge bed set in a softly glowing white waterfall of fabric. She sat her down. Ruby scowled. What now? She just wanted to eat. And be eaten, she wanted to lose herself in hot wet flesh. She wanted to hear Fay shout her name.

Fay stood at her feet chewing her lip, and then turned round. "Unzip me," she said, pulling up her hair.

"What?" Ruby tugged at the zip. "You got wings under there?" With one hand she undid the zip, while her other slid up the woman's skirt to play.

Fay giggled and her slowly revealed back made Ruby's mouth water. No wings. But Ruby couldn't keep her lips from kissing the dip of Fay's sinuous spine, dabbing her tongue to it and tasting her skin, while curling bold fingers beneath her buttocks into moist, yielding flesh. Fay gasped and twisted her feet, opening her legs a little. Encouraged Ruby took as long as she could. The sensation of having Fay's most intimate, secret place in her fingers made Ruby tingle as if touching herself.

"Wait," Fay said half-heartedly "Please, I need..." she shivered and wriggled her bottom out of the dress and Ruby wanted to bite the bobbing flesh but let her tongue continue its cheeky way down the deepening valley between. Then Fay seemed to quite forget what she wanted to say. She bent over to remove the clothing from her feet - apparently - and offered Ruby an irresistible invitation.

Ruby probed her tongue deep, wriggling it over Fay's pink knot and below, sighing as she finally slipped into slick heat.

Fay tremmored and bent deeper, bracing her hands on her knees and curling her bottom up to Ruby's mouth. Ruby nuzzled and daubed Fay's ample bud with the juices gathered on her tongue. Fay whispered, "Oh. Yes..." then cried out, "Wait!" and stood bolt upright. She spun round, still clutching her dress and hanging it in front of her stomach.

Intoxicated by Fay's taste, still thick on her tongue, Ruby was in no mood to stop now. "No," she said, and pulled the dress out of the way. Fay offered no resistance. Ruby stopped. Blinked.

"Wow." Her head flip-flopped. "Fay, you've got no belly button."

"I'm not like you," Fay said, sheepishly.

Ruby kissed the smooth skin where Fay's stomach should dip and knot. "Well, duh," she said and hugged the woman's waist. 

Fay's whole body seemed to unclench. She sighed, tipped Ruby's chin up and stroked her cheeks. "I don't know what I am, or what will happen if we orgasm together."

"Let's find out!" Ruby burrowed her head and planted kisses in the dips of Fay's thighs. "You've got the most darling little tuft-"

Fay pulled her face back up, serious. "Ruby, I haven't cum in over a hundred years. I can only climax with one of my own kind, never alone. It's my curse, to live forever, feeding on other's release but never be able to release myself."

Ruby shrugged and dipped her head to Fay's bald folds. "I can't believe someone like you would have much trouble attracting someone," she said.

"Problem is finding someone I want... Oh... I've never felt like this about... a normal person. Oh don't stop."

Each kiss to Fay's fat bud made Ruby's throb louder. "I'm honoured," she said and leant back on the bed, taking in the bizarre, naked beauty in front of her, flushed from cheeks to pert little breasts.

She pulled her feet up and butterflied her knees tendon-poppingly wide. Fay dipped her head without hesitation, planting a humming kiss to Ruby's sex and lapping her tongue along the groove, sending electricity wriggling out all over her body. She looked up at Ruby, sucking a shocking string of moisture from her lip. "You absolutely sure?" She said.

Ruby was no more than a few good licks from orgasm and suddenly didn't want it over so quickly. She took Fay's face from between her legs and kissed her deeply, tasting herself on the woman's eager tongue and getting drunk on it all over again. She laughed and pulled her onto the bed beside her, tongues squirming, hands grasping, hips grinding. Fay burst off her kiss. "So that's a yes, then?"

Ruby growled. "Tell you something," she said, bouncing up onto her knees and pulling the last of her clothes off over her head. "For a watcher, you don't read body language that well do you?"

With that, she swung her knee over Fay's head and dropped her hips onto the creature's surprised, delighted face. "That means eat me," she said and shoved her own face between Fay's rocking thighs.

Immortality was the work of seconds. Ruby was so close she was puffing as soon as Fay's hot mouth smothered her over-sensitised sex and her tongue swirled at her bud. Then as she sucked Fay's hood into her mouth the woman bucked beneath her and groaned. They wrapped hair and arms around each other's hips like life preservers, wedged their mouths to bursting clits and screamed, tongues rigid and twitching. Whirling the orgasm between them.

But the peak kept growing. They thrashed together on the bed, melded, sucked and sucking, Exploding. Ruby's scream choked and tears streamed from her eyes. Too much. Too much. Then out the other side into a primal pulsing ecstasy, more like a storm than an orgasm. Fay flipped her over like a toy, smothering Ruby with her hips, the creature's sex chewing at her mouth like a desperate lover's kiss, her clitoris throbbing fast and large as a heart in Ruby's mouth. Fay made insane animal gulping noises and her tongue grew monstrously huge, wrongly, deliciously plugging Ruby's hole. Ramming her even higher. Something tore inside. She turned to light. Fizzed and juddered. Then darkness.
