 Mirella sat at her table, waiting for dinner to be cleared. She wiped delicately at her mouth, the way a lady aught after a meal. Mirella looked haughtily at her servers, busy removing dishes and cleaning the table. It was a hard job being lady and heir to a castle and lordship. She had tired of it long ago, wishing to play at war with her friends in the village. Mirella was ten when her parents forbade her from seeing them. She was twelve the first time she was caught sneaking out. Not that it stopped Mirella, not for longer than a month anyhow. Mirella idly regretted finishing the book she'd recently acquired so quickly. 

She was thinking about what book she should read next when she heard a crash. Her gaze snapped to a server, a man, who'd dropped one of the crystal cups she drank from. 

"Milady, I am so sorry-" Mirella sneered at the man derisively.

"Can't manage to carry a glass? Really? Is everyone this incompetent, or just you?" 

He flinched under her tirade, his blue eyes looking stoically at his feet. The other servers were hastily going on, steadily ignoring their poor compatriot. Mirella stood up and stalked over to her sitting area, throwing herself down in a chair. 

"Well, you stupid idiot, don't just stand there. Clean it up." 

She snarled at him. He fell to his hands and knees immediately, spreading a cloth over the spill while being careful not to cut his hands. Mirella watched him with scornful eyes, noticing the black hair that was so long it could cover his eyes, and the strong muscles in his shoulders and back, evident while he cleared the mess. She felt a hint of smile creeping across her face, but disciplined it quickly. The other servers, completing their duties, scurried out of the room to safety. The only one left was the clumsy servant cleaning the floor. She kept watching him as he picked up broken pieces of glass. 

"I think you did that on purpose, servant." 

Mirella said slowly, a trace of anger in her voice. His head shot up in surprise, his eyes focused on hers.

"Milady?" He asked, confused and clearly nervous. Mirella smiled lazily and stood. As she stalked toward him she murmured,

"I think. You spilled that. On purpose." 

His eyes stayed on hers and he swallowed hard, frozen on the ground. Mirella stopped in front of him, then leaned down and pulled him up by his shirt. He faced her, eyes intense and very blue. She began to move forward, and he began to back up in response, her hand on his chest.

"M-Milady?" He asked, his voice gone slightly deeper and his breath coming faster. She looked at him from under her eye lashes, a deep, sultry look. His back found the wall and he expelled a sharp breath in surprise. And then Mirella was right against him, her breasts pressed against the front of his body, her hand now up on his shoulder. He looked up at the ceiling, almost panting now, and Mirella watched him with a smile as he swallowed. She leaned forward again and her lips found his throat. He gasped, eyes widening, and his arms quickly went around her waist as reacted to her touch. She gave a throaty chuckle, feeling his hands tightening convulsively on her hips. 

"Did you...spill that...on purpose?" 

She murmured softly, slowly, her lips moving on the hot skin of his throat. He groaned deeply, low in his throat, and didn't answer. Mirella's hands slid slowly down, mouth still on his throat, and gently slid her hands under his shirt. She moved her hands up, caressing the planes in his chest, thumbs stopping momentarily to rub his nipples. She felt the shudder run through him as he panted against her, his own hands moving up her back. His body was so tense, every muscle hard against her body. Every muscle, and other things too. She slid her hands from under his shirt and down again. She began to undo the strings on his pants. 

"God," He gasped out, "You really know how to interrogate a guy." 

Mirella laughed and slid one hand into his pants, touching gently as she went. 

Suddenly, using his arms, he turned Mirella around and pressed her against the wall. She expelled an excited breath as his mouth found hers while she rubbed his cock. She pulled her mouth from his for a moment.

"Did you?" She asked breathlessly, a smile in her voice, and he laughed in response. It tempered into a moan as her other hand found his manhood. 

"You...oh, god," He breathed, his head falling back as she sped up her hands, "You know I did." He managed, his voice coming out roughly. She grinned up at him, then pushed him forward gently and to the ground. She straddled him, hands on the floor to either side of his head. He pulled her dress over her head gently, and she shook out her hair as he threw it to the ground. Her long hair brushed his shoulders as she pushed her mouth against his again. Mirella moved her hips against his rhythmically, gleefully feeling him panting for breath in response. His hands were flat on the floor, bracing himself against her overwhelming attack. Mirella watched his eyes rolling back, could tell he was being driven almost past the point of thinking. Even in that state he wouldn't grab her, wouldn't initiate or try to force himself inside of her. She was royalty.

Mirella loved the feeling of him writhing below her, needing her, wanting her so desperately. With a wicked smile she shimmied out of her undergarments and tugged down his pants. He watched her as she moved, eyes half-closed with lust. She straddled him again, feeling his manhood rub against her wet opening. 

"Touch me," She said to him softly, and it was all he had to hear. His hands wrapped around her waist, then moved up, his hands gliding over her ribs to her breasts. Mirella moaned as his fingers massaged her nipples, driving her breath faster. His blue eyes found hers and they were fiery with need.

"Please, Mir," He whispered, "Please." She leaned over him and put her mouth on his. His hands stayed on her breasts, supporting her as she reached between them, lifted herself up and slid his length inside her. She felt his back arch against her in his excitement and it made her even hotter. She moaned into his mouth as they began to move together. With a gentle hand he pushed her to her side, then beneath him. He lay on top of Mirella and thrust inside her rhythmically, one hand continually rubbing a nipple while the other supported his weight. His shirt had come off sometime in the melee, leaving his bare chest against hers. They were both moaning with pleasure as they moved faster together, her hands feeling the sharp lines of his shoulder blades. He moved faster, groaning with each thrust, until his body tensed, the muscles of his abdomen rippling as he came with a quiet cry. 

He looked down at her, the tips of his hair damp with sweat. "Have you...?" He asked her softly. 

"No." Mirella whispered back to him. He gave her a naughty smile, then, on his hands and knees, moved down between her legs. He went down on her, his tongue finding her sweet spot and licking soft, then roughly, then soft again. Mirella moaned lustily and put her hands in his hair, moving him up and down as he moved to her sensitive lips. He slipped his tongue inside her for a moment and she gasped, her face flushing. He moved back to her clit, his tongue expertly manipulating her. She could hear herself giving quiet, needy cries as he licked her, though she wasn't consciously aware of making them. He moved faster, rubbing her hard, even as she pressed his head roughly towards her. 

Suddenly his teeth gently took her clit between them, and Mirella felt heat burning through her body. She saw white stars as she came, her back arching of the ground while she screamed in pleasure. She released him then, and Mirella's hands moved weakly to her face to brush the hair from her eyes. After a dazed second, she saw him pull himself up next to her and tug her close against him. He laid his arm out and she rested her head on it, her cheekbone touching his shoulder. She loved feeling his body next to hers, the sound of his heartbeat, the way his chest moved with each breath. The were both still on the heavy side of breathing. He glanced down at her, his raven hair in his eyes, and she reached up to push it back. He smiled then, and she smiled sadly back. 

"Oh, Danen," Mirella said, "We really shouldn't be doing this." Danen's smile disappeared. He leaned over and kissed her forehead. 

"There is nothing wrong with this," He told her, his voice low, "Your lord cannot tell us who we can or can't love." She stared at him wide eyed, and he blushed suddenly, looking away from her. Mirella bit her lip.

"Do you mean that?" She asked him almost shyly, watching his gaze focus anywhere but her face, but he didn't respond. Mirella waited a moment, then pushed her fingers against his side at a spot she knew he was ticklish. With a noise that might have faintly resembled 'eep', he leaned his torso sharply from her, but without removing her head from his arm.

"Hey!" He cried, mock indignant, his eyes finally on hers.

"Did you mean that?" She asked again, insistently. He stared into her eyes for one long moment. 

"Mirella. The first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. When I heard you speak, I heard how intelligent, how clever you were. I lived for the days when you would so much as look at me. Your laugh, your smile, the way you concentrate so hard when you're reading a book, it all fascinates me. That day I kissed you, forced myself on you...I thought you'd have my head. I was terrified." 

He sighed, and rubbed his thumb across her cheek. "I couldn't believe I'd done something like that, so stupid, so insane. But I didn't regret it. I thought it would be a shame if you executed me, but I'd only kissed you. No one should die for a kiss." Danen laughed a little, then looked at her lovingly. "And then you kissed me back. I was shocked. And then you gave me that little smile, that one you do when you feel proud of yourself, and you turned around and slowly walked away. I've been in love with you since that moment, Mirella." She looked at him, mouth slightly open, shocked. 

Danen pulled himself away from her, to lean back against the wall, his head on his knees, looking determinedly away from her. Mirella could see how vulnerable he was, how defenseless he had just made himself to her. She pulled herself up, to sit on her knees. 

He glanced at her, for a second, then quickly away. 

"I- I understand, Mirella, of course I do. I'm just this lowborn servant, I know how much more you should have, will have, making arrangements with a lord's son or-"

"I love you." Danen looked at her so fast Mirella thought he might get a crick in his neck. 

"You -- you-" 

"I love you." She told him again, her serious green eyes boring into his. He swallowed hard, blue eyes hopeful but still cautious. Mirella got up on her hands and knees, then crawled over to him until their faces were inches apart. 

"But you...you shouldn't..." He whispered, his blue eyes obscured by his black hair again.

"I don't care who you are. I see how kind you are, how witty and charming." She smiled when he looked down, self-conscious. Mirella put her hand out, her fingers just below his chin, and pulled his eyes back to hers. 

"I love you, Danen." As she said it once more, the nervous tension left him and he sighed. But not sadly. He was relieved, grateful. Happy. 

"Oh, thank god." He said, the words barely out of his mouth when Danen put his hands to the sides of her face and kissed her again, desperately. She kissed him for a minute, than said, a little breathlessly,

"They'd kill you for this. You know that." She scarcely got those words out before his mouth was on hers again. 

"I know. I don't care." Danen said after a second, only millimeters from her mouth.

"Ok," She replied, her green eyes on his, "Ok."