 Author's Note: I'm new to writing, so any feedback is much appreciated!

***

Ruby paused as she moved the moist cloth over her breast. She sighed lightly, thinking how long it had been since a man had caressed her curves. She licked her lips and pinched her nipple lightly, feeling it harden in response to her touch.

Behind her, a rustle of leaves interrupted the silent forest and caused a flock of sparrows to take flight from a nearby tree. Ruby's train of thought quickly changed from her intimate needs back to bathing herself in the lake. She continued rinsing herself off, then dipped her body farther under the water. She closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and let the mild current of the lake spread her long, strawberry-hued hair behind her. She felt the sun through the trees, pouring down on her chest and cheekbones, filling her with warmth and satisfaction. She spread her legs and kicked gently, causing her to drift softly towards the middle of the lake, enjoying the sensation of the cool water caressing her nude body as she floated peacefully. 

When she felt fully relaxed, she opened her eyes and stood up in the lake. On her tippy-toes she could barely touch the rock bed at the bottom of the lake. She swam to the shallow edge, where a small waterfall trickled down. Using her toned arms to pull her petite body up, she hoisted herself onto a smooth, round rock and sat down, combing her hair with the wooden comb she had left at the water's edge along with her clothes and basket of berries.

Two years had passed since she decided to call this forest her home. A simple life away from the stresses of the city was her goal. She finally felt complete, if a tad bit lonely. These woods were magical with healing energy and beautiful creatures, but nothing she had found could replace the touch of a man. 

As she combed her hair, she imagined a muscular arm grabbing her waist from behind. Her imaginary lover brushed her hair aside and kissed her neck behind the ear, then suckled lower at her nape. He pressed his pelvis into her backside and she felt his erection forming between her supple cheeks.

Another slight rustle broke the peace and quiet of the forest, causing her to jump slightly and drop her comb. It bounced off a couple rocks before plummeting into the lake, then returning to float on the surface a few feet away.

"Fuck." She muttered lightly in surprise. She edged towards the water to scoop the comb back, kneeling on all fours with her knees at the edge of the rock. As she stretched her torso to grasp the comb, her breasts lightly touched the cool water once more, nipples first. She gasped softly at the sensation and closed her eyes while she felt her nipples harden once again.

When she opened her eyes a moment later, in the reflective surface of the lake she saw a figure, dark and ominous.

"Eeeeeeee!" She shrieked, losing her balance and plummeting into the lake with a splash.

When she reemerged and regained her composure, at least somewhat, she could see that the figure was a man. Tall, muscular, and, well, very hot. 

"Shit. Sorry. I didn't mean to intrude. Fuck. Are you ok?" The man exclaimed in a deep voice with a slight southern drawl. 

Ruby tried to rationalize the situation. She made eye contact and sized up the man as calmly as she could. He was not trying to harm her, and was genuinely concerned about startling her. She could also see the obvious form of a sizable erection through the fabric of his jeans. She realized that, though submerged, her body was still very visible underwater. Perhaps he had been a peeping tom.

"Yeah. I'm ok. What are you doing here?"

"I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to startle you. I come out here sometimes to look for firewood. I wasn't trying to...I was just walking along the stream and then I saw you at the bottom of the falls and...got, umm, distracted. Sorry."

He looked down, apparently noticing his erection for the first time. He clasped his hands together in front of his crotch to hide it. Ruby realized he must have been greeted by quite a sight of her on all fours from behind, her curvaceous hips and ass wiggling in the air as she searched for her comb.

They looked at each other for a moment. There weren't any towns nearby, so he must have driven a car or ridden up the mountain on horseback. He was in a gray sleeveless shirt, worn-in jeans, and workers' boots. He had an all-around rugged appearance. His hair was cut short, and his face was clean but with a few days' worth of dark scruff. Muscular, tattooed arms, and a broad jaw. Deep eyes. Trustworthy eyes. Before she even really thought about it, she heard herself speak. 

"Join me." She beckoned with her hand.

He stood still for a moment. As if he was going to ask what she meant, but then he decided to just go with it. Ruby watched as he climbed down the rocks to the water's edge. He was surprisingly graceful for his size, and had obviously spent a lot of time in the woods. She bet he was good with his hands. He unlaced his boots and tossed them near the top of the stream with his socks. He climbed down to the rock she had been sitting on. Standing, he took his shirt off, revealing a toned, hairy, chest. She bit her lip as she felt herself blush, and moisture form between her legs. She came towards him slowly, standing up by the rock so that her body was exposed down to her waist. He was directly above her.

He seemed a bit shy and nervous, but excited about the situation. She reached up and touched him for the first time. She grabbed his waist, feeling his warm, tan skin. His erection has stiffened noticeably and she wanted to touch it. She moved her hands to his belt and slowly undid it; making eye contact as her fingers nimbly loosened the latch. 

She rubbed his hard-on through his jeans. He moaned and frantically reached to unzip. She pulled away. He paused. She backed up so he could get a better view of her body. Her pert breasts glistening in the sun with droplets of water running down her cleavage to her small waist and rounded, feminine tummy. She kept one hand on his waist, but she was too short to reach his crotch with her mouth.

"I want you in my mouth." She demanded.

He unzipped his jeans, pulled them off and threw them over by her clothes. He was wearing navy boxer briefs and she could see pre-cum moistening the front of them. Ruby and he worked together to get his briefs off as quickly as possible. He kneeled down, then sat on the rock and put his legs in the water. Ruby put her hands on his knees and pushed them apart. She came closer. He grabbed her waist and pulled her to him. He was probably about a foot taller than her, and the way they were positioned she came right to his chest. She kissed his chest, then nibbled, then moved up to kiss his neck. He smelled softly of sweat—and she loved it. He had a tough appearance, but she felt in control of the situation. He was turned on enough that she knew she could have whatever she wanted.

He reached down to kiss her lips, but she lowered herself and kissed his torso instead. She licked and suckled her way down to his stomach, before examining his erection up close. It was bigger than most she had seen, and uncircumcised, which she liked. She grabbed it. Her small hands made it look even bigger. He moaned.

"Oh god. Please." He gasped as he stroked her hair.

She smiled and began moving her hand up and down the shaft. 

"Oh fuck yes."

Ruby loved the reaction she was getting. She moved her head down further past his shaft and kissed where it met his balls. She began licking his balls. then put one, then both in her mouth. She sucked on them until she felt more pre-cum drizzle down his shaft. She took the tip of his cock in her mouth while massaging his balls with her free hand, continuing to move her other hand up and down his shaft at a steady pace.

"Oh fuck. Fuck. God. Yesss."

She tightened her grip and sped up, guiding his cock deeper into her throat. She heard him cry out and felt his load pour into her mouth. He held her head in place and she worked to swallow all his cum. He let go and she examined his shaft, licking any cum that had poured out of her mouth.

She smiled up at him giddily, proud of her accomplishment. He seemed dazed for a moment, but then smiled back and laughed.

"I'm so fucking glad I met you. What's your name by the way?"

"Ruby." She smiled. "And yours?"

"Ramzi."

"Nice to meet you, Ramzi, That was just what I had been wanting."

"I hope it wasn't all you wanted."

Ruby looked confused for a moment. Then smiled.

"What did you have in mind?"

Ramzi climbed into the water next to her, making a splash. He was taller than she had thought. Probably about 6'4". He towered over her 5'2" figure in a way she found irresistible. She realized that her pussy was throbbing.

Ramzi grabbed her waist and hoisted her up onto the rock. He kissed her forehead, then her mouth. She pulled away, trying to tease him. He held her head in place. She realized he could physically overpower her with little to no effort. She grabbed him and used his body to pull herself to the rock's edge, wrapping her legs around him. He bent down and kissed her neck. He caressed her breasts then lightly tongued her left nipple. He grabbed her right breast harder and she moaned. 

"Oh fuck. Please fuck me. I really need you."

He laughed and lowered his head down further till he was between her legs. She closed them playfully and he grabbed inside her thighs, spreading her legs with the ease of spreading butter. As he spread her legs, he felt slippery wetness on both her thighs. She had a womanly little bush. Soft and moist. He pulled apart the lips to see moisture dripping down from her opening to her crack and onto the rock beneath her. Her clit was small and perky. He tilted his neck to get closer and licked it, hearing her moan loudly. Her sounds were feminine, yet primal. Clearly demonstrating how much she wanted him. 

He sucked her clit using his tongue to flick it while providing suction with his lips. Her moans were getting louder and more strained. He looked up to watch her face, which was flushed; her lips pouty and swollen, her eyes pleading for him to go on. He continued using one hand to spread her lips and moved his free hand up her thigh to her opening. He pressed a finger inside and felt her tight muscles constrict around it. Her opening was moist and warm. He could feel blood rushing to his groin; his cock was getting hard again. Her pussy was tight. Very tight and very wet.

As soon as he put a finger inside her, she was overcome by desire. She didn't want to hold off anymore. She grabbed his body to hers with her legs wrapped tightly around him.

"Fuck me." She commanded.

Ramzi's cock was at full attention, and Ruby was eyeing it like a ravenous beast.

He rubbed his dick against her slit, back and forth, making sure to hit her clit. 

"Oooooh!" Ruby screamed and watched as she gushed all over Ramzi's cock and stomach.

Ramzi had never seen a woman squirt before, and he found it inexplicably arousing. Before he could think about it, he grabbed his cock to guide it and began pushing it inside Ruby. Her pussy was tighter than he had realized, so as she moaned he pushed in slowly.

"Is that ok? Too fast?" He asked.

"It's perfect."

He continued pushing steadily until his member was completely engulfed by her tight, warm, gushing, pussy. He buried his face in her small, round breasts as he began thrusting in and out slowly, hearing her moan each time. Her moans soon intensified.

She looked up at the warm sun overhead as she felt her climax approaching. She grabbed him close and clawed at his biceps while she bit his neck to muffle her scream. 

He felt her pussy tighten around his cock as he thrusted in deep. Her pussy tightened rhythmically as her orgasm rippled through her body. Her small hands shook and sweat rolled down her cleavage, as she gasped, then breathed in deeply, panting. Feeling her tighten around him brought him over the edge. He felt the pressure building in his member, then thrusted deeply and grabbed at her fleshy hips as his cum squirted inside her. 

Ruby felt him fill her with warm cum as she recovered from her own intense orgasm. After a few moments in each others' grasp, Ramzi pulled out and climbed up on the rock next to her, putting his arm around her and pulling her close.

They gazed down into the water together, admiring each others' reflections in the water, which was still rippling from their heated encounter.