 Consider this the first in a series. Feel free to comment, critique, and complain if necessary.

Ruby awoke in the same surroundings she woken up in thousands of times before. She slowly sat up and assessed her situation again, just like she had each of those thousand times. 

She was chained and bound in a cold stone room, her chains attached to the center of the floor with a giant cold iron block holding it in place. Her body was naked, which with a succubus was a fairly common occurrence, but this time it wasn't by her choice. She seethed as she thought of her situation.

Ruby the succubus, had been summoned to the Material plane by an older male magician of the human race. The original purpose of her summoning had been as an example of his summoning skills to his apprentices, as well as his ability to bind and bend a demon to his control. He'd accomplished the binding, but the bending had fallen apart in front of his apprentices and caused a scandal when all the apprentices and their master had fallen under her lustful presence. 

All except for one, who quickly ended the effect and brought her fellow apprentices out of their eager lechery. Their master had also been brought out of it, but been the toughest to do so and had embarrassed himself thoroughly in front of his pupils. His desires had been rather perverse, given what Ruby had seen of them through his mind.

He decided he would trap her and exact payback by keeping her powerless in his tower basement. He'd originally tried to learn her True Name, but when his attempts at divination for it caused painful backlash to his body in the form of shocks, sores, and sickness, he'd given that up. Then he attempted to use her body for as spell components to empower his spells, but his first touch against her skin had caused him to explode in unsatisfiable sexual frustration and relief seeking for a month. He no longer dared touch her. 

He instead just left her down in the dungeon to wither away. He layered spell after spell all over the dungeon, preventing her from using her innate magical powers to free herself and escape back to the Abyss. As a demon, she had no need to eat or sleep, but her hellish desire for sex, debauchery, and a good fuck was building with each passing moment. 

She took stock of her body again, as she did every time she could in this dank dungeon. Her skin was silky smooth and just the right bronze color she found attractive in others. Her hair was a blood crimson, smooth and straight, reaching the midpoint of her back, just above her perfectly sculpted heart-shaped ass. 

She frowned as she thought of the word. Ass seemed such a crude word for something so beautiful it could make mortals cry and demons beg. Her tits however fit the word. Beautiful, large but not immense, they were perfect for cupping, squeezing, and sucking, all at the same time ideally and hopefully by multiple partners.

Her tits always brought her pleasure. Thinking of them now, she raised her hands and cupped them gently. She'd always enjoyed the feel of them and the sensations they produced in her, sometimes as powerful as her clitoris. 

She renewed her frown, unhappily looking down at herself. A minor spell she'd always used that kept her mound bare and smooth hadn't been cast since she'd been locked in the prison. Her pubic hair had grown beyond what she would have enjoyed and she was upset that she couldn't do anything about it. 

When she got out of here, the first thing she planned to do was to renew her spell or take a razor to it. That was if she got out of here. 

As disgusting as the man was, the time he had touched her had been somewhat enjoyable and satiated her momentarily. Since then, she guessed it had been sixty cycles of the sun, not that she could see it. The Material Plane's system of time made good sense to her, but it wasn't effective if you couldn't see the sky, unlike in the Abyss. There the time was whatever the most powerful demon or deity on that particular layer desired it to be. 

Thinking of the Abyss, she was reminded of home. And of her acquaintances there. She didn't dare call them friends. Demons don't have friends. They have pawns, slaves, rulers, and acquaintances covered anything that wasn't one of those initial three categories. Blood spilled easily, sex was abundant, and pain and torture surrounded it all. 

She had been a rising succubus in the circles of the Abyss. She wasn't a slave to anyone else, but she didn't have any slaves or minions either, and she hadn't yet devoured any souls of mortals sent to the Abyss by deities or the mortal's own folly. She was pursued by mid ranking demons, but none had enjoyed her yet. She'd dallied with a few low ranking demons, multiple at a time even, and even pleasured one of the balors without getting anything in return, but she found them lacking in imagination. They had raw needs, but not the creativity to do much about them other than take what they wanted and leave the rest. 

She'd enjoyed many more mortals, all of them men. She hadn't yet experienced a woman, but she was curious. Some of her sisters seemed to prefer them, even to the point of exclusivity, but Ruby couldn't see herself going that far. She hadn't even pleasured or been pleasured by one of her sister succubi

Elves she liked the best, their features very pleasing her to eyes and their tongues seemingly more nimble than humans or orcs. She'd taken their souls, but had not been able to devour them. Her sister succubi in the Abyss had overpowered her upon her return and stolen them from her, but she'd been rewarded with treasure and magical artifacts of her own in recompense from her mother succubus. 

On the one hand, she missed the excitement and intensity of the Abyss. On the other, something about this plane was just simply more...peaceful. Even trapped in a cell. 

But that peace was shattered as she realized she wasn't alone anymore. 

The woman, for that's what she was, was dressed in a heavy, dark cloak that covered her completely. But Ruby's demonic senses detected magic all about her, and oddly the faint scent of well oiled leather. She was a spell-caster of some kind, clearly, but the leather was out of place.

"A succubus. A demon of lust, pleasure, and debauchery," the woman said softly, analytically, and somewhat coldly. 

Ruby released her breasts to drop her arms to her side. She wasn't afraid of this woman, even without her magic. 

"The very essence of a slut," the woman said harshly and Ruby hissed at her in anger. "Owned by stronger demons like a whore, or a plaything for a powerful spell-caster." 

"I'm no one's whore!" Ruby shouted at the woman angrily as she leaped towards the bars and tried to rattle them. 

The woman was unfazed and merely lowered her hood. Ruby sucked in her breath in surprise.

Soft, beautiful elven features, greeted her and she was taken about momentarily. Emerald green eyes with golden-amber flecks of light in the left eye, and a dark purple amethyst in the right surrounded by long dark lashes and cream white skin. 

Heterochromia? In an elf? It was nearly unheard of, given what Ruby knew of elves in her relatively short time on the Material Plane before her latest summoning. 

This elf also had shoulder length black hair with dark red dye at the tips of her bangs and tresses. From what Ruby could see of her, she was breathtakingly beautiful and Ruby wanted her instantly. 

Ruby also realized that it was this woman's fault she was locked up.

"You're the female apprentice," Ruby said in surprise, realizing she had been locked up far longer than she ever realized. The female apprentice had been just a young thing when she'd been summoned. This before her was a woman grown.

"And you're a succubus," the woman said coolly. "The one my former master summoned." 

"Former master?"

"He proved himself less than adequate for my learning needs," the woman said calmly as she began looking the succubus up and down with a disapproving eye. "I left his teaching and found a better source of magical knowledge. But I find myself returning for a reason. And that's why I'm here."

Something about the woman's disapproval wounded Ruby. She was the embodiment of sexuality and lust, and yet this woman clearly found her lacking. Her pride wouldn't let her allow this to continue. So she decided to do something stupid.

She was going to seduce this woman and show her who was really lacking.

Reaching up, she cupped her tits gently and ran her tongue along her lip, a soft moan escaping her throat. She found her nipples already hard and her moan had more emphasis than she intended. 

"And so you've come to me for magical training? Oh, I do believe I might take you up on your offer, but I have some conditions..." Ruby whispered, lustful hunger making her voice heavy with desire. 

She was stunned when the woman narrowed her eyes at her and sneered. How dare she!

"Silence slut, I have no need of your 'magical talents,' " the woman replied coldly. 

"You fucking bitch!" Ruby hissed and tried to reach through the bars to claw at the woman's face. Rage, white hot and long overdue seared through her body as she saw only the woman's sneer and disapproval.

So it was with great surprise that she found herself slammed against the bars and dazed from the pain behind her eyes as her face bounced off the cold iron. She fell to the ground on her stomach and gasped for breath as the rage instantly retreated and became despair. 

The woman looked down upon the succubus. Physically, not just metaphorically this time. She shook her head.

"Very well slut, it seems you need a lesson in dominance and how to deal with your betters," the woman said softly, almost sweetly. She stepped up to the bars and slowly parted her cloak. 

Ruby gasped in surprise when she saw the black leather armor over the soft red robes. Arcane symbols were inscribed all over the leather, and it seemed to gently pulse with magic. But the biggest surprise was the strange leather belt the woman wore. A large phallic shaped device was attached to the front of it, made of some kind of strange material that Ruby had never seen before. It was a polished purple that seemed to glimmer in the dim light, and Ruby found herself staring at it. 

If the armor was pulsing with magic, this phallic shaped object was throbbing with it. 

"On your knees succubus," the woman commanded gently. Ruby found herself obeying, her pain forgotten as her eyes stayed locked onto the device. The woman slowly pressed herself against the bars, the base of the phallic device nearly even with the bars. 

Ruby found herself instinctively reaching up, but her hand was slapped by the woman. 

"Did I say you could touch it, slut?" the woman hissed angrily and Ruby found herself apologizing for her audacity. The woman reach down and touched the phallus, and the object began to hum softly with vibration. She released the object and smiled down at the succubus, but Ruby never noticed. Her eyes were still on the phallus. 

"This is called a strap-on, a common toy used by woman, typically upon other woman but sometimes upon men. Made of a new material called silicone, I've magically enchanted it to provide great pleasure to the woman who is touching it. Do you want this, you slut? Want to touch it? To suck, lick, and tongue this? To fuck yourself upon it like the dirty whore you are?" 

Ruby couldn't believe herself as she nodded softly, a whimper escaping her throat as she pictured herself impaled upon this woman's strap-on. She'd never realized mortals had such devices, having not spent much time with women in her excursions to the Material Plane. But she wanted this, more than she'd wanted anything before. 

"Then I am your mistress, and you are my pet. Give me your True Name, succubus, and I will bind you to me and give you what you seek and do with you what I will."

Ruby reared back in surprise and attempted to pull herself away, but the woman's hand shot out like lightning and grabbed Ruby's hair. She pulled Ruby towards the device and stared down at her. Ruby whimpered again, this time in fear.

Her True Name, the very essence of all outsiders, demon or not. Anyone knowing an outsider's True Name had power over the outsider and could summon and dismiss them at will. They would be forever bound to that individual and forced to serve them whenever they desired. Whoever owned an outsider's True Name was immune to the outsider's magical abilities and the outsider could never go against the owner. To do so meant oblivion.

"Give me your True Name," the woman repeated, this time softly as she loosened her grip on Ruby's hair. The woman's other hand reached down and gently touched Ruby's hand. Ruby felt a warmth despite the woman's cold tone, something she realized she'd been missing more than sex. She found herself turning her hand over and interlacing fingers with the woman and felt a reassuring squeeze. 

"I will not harm you, Ruby," the woman said softly, her voice kinder and gentler than Ruby had heard from her yet. Ruby looked up and found kindness in the woman's eyes. And so she gave in, and told the woman her True Name. The woman repeated the name once softly, and Ruby felt her heart skip a beat as the magical energies of the universe transferred ownership of her True Name over to this woman. This Mistress.

"You are now mine, and I will provide you with the relief you seek, in the manner you most desire," the woman said, her voice regaining its ice. She released Ruby's hand and stood up straight.

"Open your mouth, slut," she demanded.

"Yes, Mistress," Ruby replied meekly as she slowly parted her lips. The woman smiled down at her and whispered "good girl," then slowly moved her hips forward. 

Ruby moaned as the phallus touched her lips and the vibrations shook through her body. Her long tongue reached up in her mouth to touch the tip and she felt a shock surge down her body. Her pussy was instantly wet, and she moved one hand to touch it. Her mistress kicked her hand aside and tsk-tsked Ruby.

"No touching yourself, slut. At least, not yet..." 

Ruby groaned as her mouth wrapped fully around the device and she forced her hands down to her sides. She felt the phallus fill her mouth and the woman commanded her to suck it. Ruby eagerly complied, the magic and the sexuality of the phallus feeding her long deprived hunger for both needs. 

She slurped, she sucked, and she tried to swallow, her mouth never leaving the phallus. She moaned around it in a surprisingly pleasurable sensation when the woman gripped the back of Ruby's head and urged her on.

Ruby glanced up and found the same cold eyes looking down on her and came to a stunning realization. This woman wasn't getting pleasure out her eager blowjob. The device itself did nothing to her, no magic provided the woman pleasure or enjoyment. She was doing this as a sign of dominance over her slut, and Ruby loved it. 

Ruby loved it so much that her body exploded with sensations of desire towards her mistress that her mouth popped off the phallus as she screamed in orgasm, her pussy squirting molten hot liquid onto the cold stone floor. She found herself falling backwards in post-coital exhaustion, but her mistress's hand shot forward and grabbed her by the hair again. Her mistress wasn't done with her yet.

She pulled Ruby to her feet, Ruby little more than a rag doll despite her being an embodiment of lust, and pressed her lips to her slut softly. Ruby whimpered as she felt the phallus press against her stomach and her Mistress's tongue slipping into her lips. She closed her eyes and threw herself into the kiss, grinding herself against the strap-on's head. 

"What a whore you are. Coming during a blowjob? Such an eager slut, my dear Ruby," the woman said when she broke the kiss, Ruby's saliva dripping off her lower lip. 

"Yes Mistress," Ruby giggled as she reached past the bars and wrapped her arms around her Mistress. 

"I'm such a bad succubus, I need to be punished," Ruby said in her most innocent sounding voice as she lifted her leg slightly to trap the strap-on head between her legs and proceeded to rub her clit against it. She moaned and looked directly into her Mistress's eyes. 

She found a strange emotion in her Mistress's eyes. Something between desire and ownership, and Ruby liked it. She kissed her Mistress, and then again, and again, and again. She felt her Mistress reach up and grope her breasts and Ruby shivered in delight. 

Her Mistress gently squeezed, massaged, and then gripped her tits. Ruby's head fell back in delight as her Mistress pinched her nipples and rolled them between her fingertips. She then squealed in delight when her Mistress pulled her against the bars and bit her neck hard enough to break the skin. 

She cooed as her Mistress's lips worked their way up her neck, past her jawline, and to her earlobes. Her Mistress bit down on her earlobe and Ruby gasped as she felt the phallus adjust its angle to flick her click hard, and then penetrated her. 

"Mistress!" Ruby moaned as her Mistress began thrusting into her, gently at first, and then harder. Her Mistress reached up and gripped Ruby's hair roughly, and jerked her tersely. Ruby found herself with her upper back and ass against the bars, her Mistress still pulling her hair as she leaned in and began whispering things into Ruby's ear.

"I'm going to fuck like this whenever I desire," she whispered as Ruby moaned with each thrust of the phallus and every dirty sentence whispered. "I will make you come buckets of come whenever I want, and make you drink them in front of me. I will fuck your ass, your cunt, your tits, your mouth, even your very essence if I want it. I will bring you to your knees and make you fuck yourself in front of me. I will hang you upside down and make you squirt on yourself. I will have you begging to come but unable to do so unless I desire it." 

Ruby gasped as the phallus magically widened itself to become thicker inside her pussy. She felt it slide in roughly and fill her completely, even with the bars still between her and its base. She grunted as her Mistress began rough slams into her, her hands releasing Ruby's hair so she could grab her hips. She squeezed tightly and Ruby reach back to grab the bars for support. 

She paced herself with her Mistress. With each thrust into her pussy, Ruby thrust back to impale herself harder. She felt her pussy leak down her long legs, but she didn't care. All she cared about was each thrust, each fucking thrust of her Mistress's strap-on. 

"Oh Mistress, I'm cumming!" Ruby shouted. She leaned down, her head nearly touching the floor as she tried to press herself harder against the bars. Her ass and legs would be covered in bruises tomorrow, but gods she wanted so badly to pressed against her Mistress and feeling each slap of the back of her thighs against her Mistress's legs. 

Her Mistress released one of her hands to reach down. 

Stars burst behind Ruby's eyes. Her throat screamed out as her Mistress squeezed her clit tightly. She howled, her pussy contracting and squeezing wondrously around the phallus as her body erupted in multiple orgasms, her pussy juices squirting on and around the strap-on. 

She didn't stop herself slamming against the bars, screaming "Fuck me, Mistress!" until her voice was hoarse and her body exhausted. Her legs gave out, and she felt a pop as the phallus pulled out of her. She collapsed to the floor and gasped for breath, her eyes unable to focus and her heart pounding out a billion staccato rhythmic beats. Her hair splayed around her in stray tangles where it wasn't in puddles of her rapidly cooling love juices. 

She gave a soft, contented moan when her eyes finally allowed her to see. She felt...gloriously whole again. For the first time in her entire existence, she felt satisfied sexually and emotionally. She looked up to find her Mistress looking down on her, and Ruby smiled. 
