 Ruby laid in bed. She gazed at the adobe walls of clay and straw that surrounded her. She had built this cottage on her own. Using what knowledge she had learned when she was still in the city, and learning the things she didn't know by sheer creativity. Her bed was sculpted as part of the wall, jutting out in a gentle curve of sand and clay. The mattress was made from found linen stuffed with bird down, collected from a variety of nests at the end of nesting season. 

Little building projects helped to occupy her time here in the forest. What wasn't spent hunting, gathering, cooking, and building, that was. She had given up many amenities to live this lifestyle—but she had never been happier. She felt fulfilled. 

She rose out of bed, pushing open the carved wooden door as she stepped outside to do her sun salutation. Meditation was important to her. It kept her serene and connected to the magic of the ecosystem surrounding her. 

Her thin nightgown rippled in the breeze as she walked to her favorite meadow. Her long curls swirled around her, and the cool air caressed her skin in a most pleasant way. Leaves from nearby trees flicked at her as she walked, kissing her skin with droplets of morning dew. 

As she felt a cool droplet of water fall between her breasts and drip down to her stomach, she fondly thought of her encounter with Ramzi earlier in the moon cycle. They had spoken of seeing each other again, but not for another two days. Her body shivered excitedly as she remembered his touch. His soft lips, his hard— 

Swish. Something rustled behind her, cutting her thoughts short. 

"Hello?" She ventured, pausing. No response. She pressed onwards towards the meadow, nearly there now. 

The sun was rising in a brilliant display of color and light. As she stepped through the last of the trees into the clearing, she gazed upon the brilliant purple and gold sky, streaked with bright orange at the bottom where the sun was just beginning to emerge. 

The meadow was dewey and it glistened in the morning light. The ground was a mixture of soft grass and silky mounds of moss. Her favorite place to sit was near the middle to the north in the middle of a fairy circle. 

The fairy circle did not, to Ruby's knowledge, have anything to do with fairies; It was a perfectly circular ring of bright blue iridescent mushrooms, about ten feet in diameter. When she was a child she thought fairies had planted the mushrooms, but later learned that fungi are connected, and the roots start underground in the middle, causing sprouts to form in a perfect circle as they grow outwards. She imagined the mushroom veins underneath her growing deep within the earth as she sat down in the middle of the circle. 

She crossed her legs in a half lotus, resting her hands on her knees and straightening her back, looking up towards the sky. She was seated on velvety moss, cool and damp, that tickled her thighs. 

She breathed in fully, counting to five, then exhaling to the count of five. She did this a few times, closing her eyes and enjoying the peace of the forest around her. 

She stood up, exhaling and placing her hands in front of her chest as if to pray. She raised her arms and stretched them backwards, pressing her chest forward and feeling the cool air harden her nipples under her soft gown. 

She folded her body forward, stretching her neck towards the ground, and letting her fingers graze the soft moss beneath her. 

Usually when she performed her sun salutation, she cleared her mind of all thoughts except those of gratitude towards the universe. Today however, the movements brought back primal thoughts. 

As she stood, her body folded over, she imagined Ramzi behind her, pushing his erection between haunches, taking her forcefully. 

She exhaled, sliding her left leg back and her right knee forward, putting her weight on her right leg and her arms. She lifted her neck towards the sky, breathing deeply and trying to clear her mind. She stretched both legs behind her, then pressed her torso upwards, moving into sphynx position. 

She felt hot between her legs. She wanted to touch herself. She wanted to release the desire she felt building within her body. Her spine tingled as her legs rested in the cool, moist grass, causing goosebumps to form up and down her thighs. 

Fuck this salutation, she thought, hot and bothered. I need to cum. 

Ruby stopped. Turning over and lying on her back, she closed her eyes. She lifted a hand to caress her breast. Her breasts fit perfectly in her small hands, and she squeezed hard, leaving rosy marks from her nails. She licked her finger, then pinched her nipple, feeling the cool saliva coat her sensitive tit. 

With her other hand, she explored lower. She slid her hand down across her stomach, stopping where her legs met. She rubbed her mound through the fabric of her gown. She felt her wetness seep through the gown to her fingers. She reached lower, grabbing the hem of her gown to pull it up. 

Swish. Ruby felt something grab her hand. She opened her eyes. A vine had sprouted from the earth, circling around her wrist. 

Ruby knew there was magic in these woods, it was one of the reasons she had come to live out here; to learn about the unexplainable. She was in awe, but not completely surprised. Whatever magic was here, she knew it was kind and good. Perhaps the plants had picked up on her arousal; no living things were completely immune to primal needs. 

Another vine pressed out of the ground, grabbing her other hand away from her breast. The vines pulled her hands to her sides, binding them there. She tried to move, but they held her taut. 

Next, two more vines wrapped around her ankles, tickling her softly, but holding her legs firmly in place. 

Ruby closed her eyes again, unafraid, and honestly very excited. Whoosh. She heard more sprouts emerge from the moss beneath her. She felt one slowly slide across her shoulder, it was smooth and warm. It pressed down and twirled itself around her nipple, squeezing hard, as she desired. 

Then Ruby felt it suckling. She opened her eyes to see what was happening. At the tip, it had a hole, and it had opened the hole to envelop her nipple, creating a vacuum. It was wet and sucked just like a mouth, making her body shiver, she moaned softly, letting it know she was pleased. 

She felt another vine caress her thigh. It explored her legs, seeking out the warm, moist spot between them. Reaching higher, it tickled her soft little bush, pressing into the top of her slit. She moaned again, breathing more heavily now. 

It wrapped around her clit. Squeezing and releasing. Squeezing and releasing. Rhythmically tightening and releasing in time with her breath. 

As she gasped in pleasure, it placed its mouth around her clit, sucking it like a man would. 

"Oh god," she gasped. "Thank you." 

Ruby wasn't sure what had caused this chain of events, but she figured gratitude and thanks were in order. 

The vines continued pleasuring her. Both of her nipples and her clit were being attended to. She was nearing orgasm, but she wanted to hold off as long as possible to keep the sensations going. She didn't want this to end. 

The vines around her ankles tightened, grasping her legs and pulling them apart, exposing her cunt to the cool morning air. The vines tore down her gown, ripping the chest first, then tearing down the whole front and pulling it off of her, revealing her soft, feminine figure. 

She looked down, admiring her curves in the light of sunrise. 

The vines increased their suction and she laid her head back down on the grass, gasping and closing her eyes once more. 

I want to be filled. She thought. 

As she pleaded in her mind, she felt a vine between her legs. This one was thicker, firmer. It pressed into her slit, searching up and down and coating itself with her juices. She relaxed her muscles, excitedly waiting for it to enter her. 

It found her opening. Pressing slowly at first, it entered her tight cunt. Just an inch or so, exploring her, finding out what felt good to her. It pressed in, then pulled out. She let out a moan, asking it for more. 

It pressed in again. It wasn't too big, it stretched her opening, but didn't fill her completely inside. It explored the crevices of her insides, feeling the soft, moist flesh within, pressing on all the sensitive little ridges. 

It went deeper, a few inches now, then all the way, filling the entire length of her pussy. It thrusted in and out slowly, as the other vines continued to service her other sensitive areas. 

Then she felt something press at her little hole, a smaller, but virile, vine pressing in and fucking her gently, while the larger vine continued to thrust in and out of her pussy, causing juices to drip down and coat her asshole, too. 

Then she felt the larger vine stop. As it stopped thrusting, it began to grow thicker. It began to fill her completely, increasing its size to fit her pussy perfectly. Once it had filled her completely, it resumed thrusting, pressing in and out, caressing the ridges of her pussy. She screamed in ecstasy. 

She was unable to hold back any longer. Her body began to convulse as the orgasm overtook her. Her pussy and ass tightened around the vines, squeezing them as she came. Her legs buckled on the grass and she pressed her chest up, away from the ground. 

She lay there panting as her orgasm subsided. The vines stopped suckling her, then pulled out of her completely, falling back into the earth as if they had never even been there. She closed her eyes and fell into a deep peaceful sleep. 

When she awoke, the sun had risen and the daylight shown down on her naked body. She sat up and looked around, staring at the ground in the fairy circle, looking for some sign of what had happened. 

Her gown was on the ground, laying tattered next to her. She picked it up, shaking her head in bewilderment. Then, to her surprise, she let out a laugh. 

What an unexpected morning, she thought, picking up her gown and beginning the walk through the woods back to her cottage. She strolled happily with her naked body jiggling healthily, not a care in the world.