 Prince Calinius, Second of his Name, Heir to the Mezorine Empire and Chosen of the Gods, couldn't untie his wrists. The year he'd spent apprenticed in the admiralty seemed a waste, now that he was confronted with a knot in-situ. All those hours with his fencing master hadn't done him much good, either, given that a bunch of common horse thieves had murdered his bodyguards and taken him hostage. He would make them pay for they'd done! Just...not yet, since he currently lay tied in a wagon with the rest of their plunder.

He was laboriously trying to turn over when he heard a distinct whizz followed by a wet thud. An arrow had suddenly sprouted from the eye-socket of one of the thugs on guard duty. Just as suddenly, a whirlwind of steel, fur, and copper hair spun from bandit to bandit, cutting them down. Rescue! A demon? No - a woman.

This time, Cal would not be so passive. His arms were bound, but his mouth was free. He began chanting, entreating Sulencia, goddess of justice, to give his new ally strength. His rescuer, pinned at that moment under the thieves' captain, suddenly grabbed the fiend, lifted him with a single hand, and threw him like mere driftwood into a nearby tree, breaking both it and him. Apparently, his spell had worked.

Cal was already chanting a new spell, this time for healing. He'd seen her take several nasty wounds in the skirmish. They'd need to be cleaned and sewn up properly, but for now a little magic could stem the bleeding and prevent infection. He approached the stranger with a broad grin. Strange indeed, clad in the leather and heavy furs of the wild men of the north. He'd never seen one in person. He wouldn't have expected her to be quite so beautiful. 

"Well fought, fair knight! And justly dispatched! We must make haste at once to the capital. My mother the Queen will reward you handsomely for this noble deed."

Brynn brought her fist down directly onto the boy-shaman's head, knocking him unconscious. She wasn't sure if his noisy, incomprehensible chattering was another spell, but it was best not to take chances with foreign spirits. Besides, it was annoying. As she straddled his body to ensure the ties on his arms and legs were secure, she indulged in stroking the smooth skin of his face. It certainly wouldn't tickle and chafe the way a man's beard would. Perhaps the women of this country were on to something. As an afterthought, she pulled the strip of cloth holding back her hair from her head and knotted it firmly across his mouth.

The shieldmaiden took her time picking over the camp for supplies and lightweight valuables. She'd hunted them down to take back the horse they'd stolen from her, but there was no sense in leaving good plunder behind. She whistled at the haul in the cart. These were good raiders -- it was surprising they'd been so easy to kill. The boy-shaman had awoken by the time she'd finished packing her saddlebags. She stood over him, entertained by his struggles and muffled angry shouts, as she considered what to do with him. 

He had dark hair -- unusually dark, for one of the river people -- and porcelain skin that had not seen nearly enough sunlight. His eyes were the blue-green of the sea. He was lean, and his age was difficult to guess, and while he was not the boy she had initially taken him for, he wasn't terribly far into manhood either.

Was it worth taking a thrall? It would be difficult keeping him docile on her own this far from familiar territory, but he didn't strike her as being terribly hard to break. He'd be valuable plunder too. That chanting of his had been damned useful in the fight, and it would be a pleasant change having something to warm her bedroll at night... oh, why not. She picked his still struggling form up and threw him over the back of her steed. She gave her new prize's haunches a squeeze and was pleasantly surprised by their firmness. If his tongue proved disappointing, he'd surely fetch a good price with the slavers. The sun was just rising as she mounted and rode off towards it. It had been a truly enriching night, and the future was bright.

~

Cal awoke with a start, feeling a sick sense of deja-vu. He was tied wrist and ankle again, but this time, he was completely naked. He looked around the tent he seemed to have been unceremoniously thrown to the floor of, shivering. That insufferable warrior woman had ignored him the whole way here, and now she'd literally stripped him of his dignity.

His ready shout of anger dissipated into air the minute she entered, replaced by a ready blush that seemed to suffuse his entire body. He'd never faced an enemy while naked and bound - it was quite disconcerting.

"Do you know who I am?" he asked for the umpteenth time, still unsure whether she spoke his language or simply didn't care to respond. She was looking at him...oddly. Did she just lick her lips? Was she going to...eat him? New horrors sprang to mind.

The woman said something in a guttural language that practically sounded like a purr. She thought for a moment, then added in Common, "You pleasure. Now."

Cal didn't have time to process this before she shed the furs from her hips and curled a muscular leg around the back of his head. Any further protests were now drowned in her sex, warm and wet and covering his mouth and nose. Her scent was sharp and pleasant, and somehow different than any he'd known before. A hand caressed the back of his head and he felt her fingers wind through his hair. 

Cal couldn't think. He was trying to hold onto his indignation, and continued struggling against his ropes fruitlessly, but the scent and taste surrounding his senses was awakening a much stronger instinct. It was almost literally intoxicating. The fingers tightened in his hair, and he heard a word of clear warning. He'd seen this woman fight, and had no doubt she would inflict severe bodily harm without a moment's hesitation. With only one real choice in front of him, Cal hesitantly flicked his tongue forward.

"Ja, gott kjaledyr." Sharp words of warning had suddenly given way to purring words of honey. She tasted even better than she smelled. No woman of breeding he'd ever lain with had ever had a scent that affected him this way. His lips quested for a moment until he felt his way to her clit, and he began in earnest. To his own amazement (and no small amount of embarrassment) he groaned into her.

~

Brynn closed her eyes in pleasure. Was there anything better than taking a slave after a good battle? She was right about this one not having much fight in him. Most took a few blows before they would obey. And more importantly, this one had some skill with his tongue. The eagerness with which he lapped at her made her think it had been some time since he'd last been inside a woman. Or perhaps the southern women were as meek and lifeless in bed as people said.

She started to feel her orgasm build. "More, right there," she instructed, pulling his head roughly against her to reinforce her words. (She wasn't sure she'd said anything intelligible in Common, anyway.) He tried to jerk away - she'd cut off his air - but her grip was firm. 

Brynn stared at the captive's bound hands quivering as she came. She shuddered, she cried out the names of several gods, and crushed the slave's head between her thighs as she rode it out.

The slave came away from her gasping as soon as she let go of his hair, her juices shining on his lips. He fell hard on his side, pulling in great lungfuls of air, but seemed hardly to notice. He looked up at her incredulously - was he surprised with her, or with himself? Brynn chuckled.

He asked something in his language. She only knew a few words, but from his thrusting hips and erect, twitching cock, she could guess his desire. The audacity! Did he not understand he was property now? She merely smiled at him and leaned down to wipe her juice from his chin with a finger and slide it into his mouth. He growled and bit down. Brynn laughed in delight and slapped him. 

And here she'd thought this one had no fight in him - he might be worth keeping, at least long enough to break in fully.

"Good slave," she said in Common. Brynn pulled her top over her head, slipped into her bedroll at the other end of the tent, and fell quickly to sleep.