 Talia was an independent young woman who enjoyed traveling. At the age of 25 she had already done two tours with Green Peace helping people of 3rd world countries. She had also spent time in the Jungles of South America and the wilds of Africa. Now she was on an archaeological trip to a remote island somewhere in the South pacific. There were ancient ruins there that had been recently discovered. 

Once the small water plane landed everyone stepped onto the sandy shore and looked up at all the tall and beautiful trees. This was jungle seemingly full of like and pristine. They hiked to the camp site near the ruins. The next morning after everyone had slept through the night in tents and ate a quick breakfast consisting of pop tarts and bottled water, they headed out.

They gingerly began exploring the ruins and imagining what it must have looked like before it became ruins. Digging soon began and odd artifacts were discovered. There were tablets with strange writing on it. None of the experts had ever seen it before. Then one of them joked, "Maybe it is from aliens."

Talia wandered off by herself out if sight from the others. Then, the ground gave way and she fell and hit the ground below hard with a thud. She called for the others but no one heard her. There was no way to climb back out so she decided to find another way out. She turned on her flash light and began adventuring. Along the way she saw more unusual artifacts and things with the odd writing on them. She finally came to a heavy wooden door. She slowly pulled it open.

She gasped at what she saw. She seemed to have found an underground meeting hall of some sort. The floor was polished stone and there were tall stone pillars. At the other end there seemed to be a throne atop a raised floor with steps leading to it. And along the sides of the room were statues. Upon inspection these statues looked like nothing in the history books. They looked like large obscene creatures with tentacles and tails. Their faces resembled humans, however, just larger with evil facial expressions. Talia suddenly felt afraid that perhaps this was indeed alien ruins.

She walked to the throne and up the steps. She felt tired and sat in the chair. When she did, the chair snapped a metal band around her waist tightly to hold her in place. She screamed and struggled to free herself. Then, odd twisted lights began to light on their own along the walls. 

An alien that looked like the statues beamed in front of her. The tall dark green creature eyed her a few moments. His glowing red eyes squinted slightly. His leathery body seemed nude and he tensed as he walked to her. She screamed and he smiled wickedly showing very pointy teeth. 

He had a thick monster cock that was bout 13 inches long and 4 inches around. And then there were the tentacles.... There was one from the tip of each shoulder blade and one from each hip. The tentacles were long, rounded at the ends and about 2 inches thick. And who could forget his long tail...

He stepped forward and said, "I am Ruler Keznuroch. This place belongs to me. Why are you here, Human?!" She stammered, "I-I f-fell. Fell from above and wandered in here. I-I am sorry. I'll l-leave." He chuckled, "Well, I think I will enjoy you for awhile before you leave. Humans are so much fun to play with." 

He leaned in close to her as she tried to move her face away as much as possible. He smiled to her with pointed fangs and exhaled hard on her. When he did, a mist came from his mouth. It covered her face and she gently drifted to unconsciousness. He released her from the seat and quickly got to work.

When Talia awoke, she was in what appeared to be a dungeon. It had stone walls, stone flooring and a stone ceiling. There were more of the strange lights from above lining these walls too. She slowly opened her now heavy eye lids. Her sight was blurry but slowly clearing. She looked around and saw all sort of odd yet obviously alien equipment. Most of it looked very menacing and frankly, scary.

Talia felt a tingling in her wrists and ankles. She looked to them and realized that there was some sort of glowing green energy around her wrists and ankles. She tried to move but the odd energy held her firmly as if she was set in stone. These strips of energy seemed to reach out from the circular metal frame that was a few feet above her and circled down a few feet below her.

She began to cry and struggle in vain. And then she heard his voice behind her, "Yes, my Human toy. Struggle if you must. It excites me tremendously." She froze in terror.

Talia then cried out, "Please, please! Free me! Please don't hurt me!" Her body trembled as the tears flowed from her eyes.

He walked around in front of her and stuck his long green tongue out. His tongue licked her tears away and he exhaled. He brought his tongue back into his mouth and smiled evily to her, "My people do not shed tears. I love the taste of the tears you Humans leak. I hope to taste much more of your tears before I am finished satisfying myself with you." She just continued to sob.

The alien walked over to a cart and lifted a metal piece from it. It looked much like what Dentists use to keep a mouth open during surgery. He held it up in front of her face, "This will keep your mouth open. Bite down too hard and you may chip your teeth. Now open your mouth so I may place this in your mouth."

Talia turned her head to the side and shut her mouth tightly. She was obviously refusing to oblige his request.

He simply laughed finding her amusing. He brought a hand up to pinch her nose tightly. She soon had to open her mouth to breathe. When she did he shoved it into her mouth. She screamed out in fear and hopelessness. 

The Alien sighed, "Much better." The tentacles from his shoulders came forth and squeezed her large breasts. The tips were wet and seemed to lick at her nipples. A tentacle from a hip slid up her thigh and poked at her pussy. The tip was wet like the other two tentacles and slowly slid into her. As she screamed out from the shock of it all, the tentacle kept pushing. It found her cervix and pushed through it. The tentacle went all the way into her womb and only stopped when it reached the top of her womb.

The Alien seemed to be enjoying himself, obviously feeling everything his tentacles touched. His fourth tentacle came up and rubbed her clit. He looked down into her shocked and terrified eyes, "You will cum soon. I know human females like this thing called a clitoris stroked."

She screamed out, "Never!". She then began to thrash and tried to pull away from the tentacles. 

He chuckled, "Yes, keep struggling." The tentacle inside of her began to slowly move in and out leaving only the tip inside when it pulled out. The end of the tentacles squeezing her breasts opened up. They had small mouths that we like suction cups. The suction cups opened up over her nipples and began to suck hard. They were pulling on her nipples while they sucked as if trying to stretch her nipples out.

As much as Talia didn't want to admit it, she was becoming sexually aroused. Her now soaking and dripping wet pussy told on her. The alien moaned and the tentacle rubbing her clit opened up like the ones on her nipples. It began to suck and pull like the tentacles on her nipples as well. She closed her eyes as her body tightened. Tears fell from her eyes as she came hard. 

The alien chuckled and pulled completely away from her. She was left hanging there with her own cum dripping to the floor below. He stepped close again pulled her head up by her hair. He licked her tears away, "A mere Human can not resist me or my race. On my planet I have Human slaves that beg for me to make them cum. You will be no different." She just hung her head when he let go of her and remained silent. 

He then walked to a panel attached to the frame. It was just a plain looking square. But, Talia watched from the corner of her eye. He put a long taloned finger to the panel and his finger seemed to slip into some silvery liquid. He slowly twirled his finger in it. As he did, the frame slowly turned her upside down. The alien then lifted his finger upward slowly. She was raised upside down until her feet almost touched the frame.

The alien walked over to her and aligned his cock with her still forced open mouth. A tentacle from his hip wrapped firmly around her neck to prevent her from moving her head. He pushed his monster sized cock into her mouth. Her cheeks bulged like a chipmunk and she gagged when he reached the back of her throat. He began to slowly push his cock in and out.

He then brought his tongue to her wet pussy and began to lap up her juices. He moaned into her pussy and then slipped his thick leathery tongue inside. She moaned from the pleasure of it.

A tentacle was then brought up to her asshole from his shoulder. The end opened up and sucked on her perfect rosebud. At this point she was filled with fear again. She was terrified he would enter her ass in some way.

The alien pulled his tongue from her wet pussy and said, "Relax. It is going to happen. Be a good girl and it won't hurt too badly." He slipped his tongue back into her. He began to furiously lick her slick walls and the tentacle began to slip into her ass. She tensed and her eyes rolled back into her head.

He began to furiously face fuck her and hungrily ate her out. The tentacle pushed into her ass burying its' head in her hot dark canal. The moisture the tentacles made helped to lubricate its' way in. But, it still hurt. She released muffled cries from the pain. He seemed unaffected by her cries of pain as he continued. 

She continued to scream and cry as the tentacle pushed deep into her bowels. Once it reached a safe depth it began to wiggle around inside of her like a worm. The tentacle was trying to loosen her up. All of this continued until her screams subsided. 

The alien then pulled his throbbing cock from her mouth. He continued to eat her out though. And now the tentacle in her ass began to move in and out. She moaned out in pleasure and her body tensed. She had her second orgasm. The alien pulled the tentacle out and greedily drank up her juices. He licked her pussy until it was almost dry again.

She was now in a daze. Her body was weak and her mind felt fatigued.

The Alien walked over to the panel and made it twirl her right side up. He then pushed the two bottom corners of the panel and her ankles were released. He walked in front of her and tweaked her nipples with his fingers. He then lifted her hips up with his hands and wrapped them around his waist. He aligned his monster cock up to her pussy and slowly slid into her.

Talia cried out from the pain of his thickness and he licked her tears. A tentacle from his hip came up to her anus and shoved its' self roughly inside of her. The second tentacle from his hip came up and wormed its' way into her ass too. The pain was too immense and she screamed out from the pain. Then, she was unconscious.

When Talia awoke, she was strapped to a device hanging from the ceiling and there was what looked like a bed below her. Her legs were spread wide like she was doing a split. Her arms were restrained by a leather strap above her head. She tried to move her legs but leather straps kept her legs fasted tightly to some sort of metal frame.

She began to thrash about and scream out. The Alien came up behind her. He said to her in a mocking tone, "I have been waiting for you to awake my precious slave. Have you dreamed of your Master?" 

She hissed at him, "Fuck you!"

The Alien laughed, "Oh, I can oblige. You will fuck me." He then scooted onto the bed below her. He held some sort of device in his hand. He slid a slider up with one finger and she was raised into the air a bit. He pushed the tip of his cock in and then used the slider to bring her down slowly. Slowly, her push was stretched and forced to accommodate him.

Talia of course screamed out from the pain, "No! Oh God it hurts! Please stop! Please!"

The Alien chuckled, "Such a troublesome Human." The device continued to lower her until she took all 13 inches deep within her. He moaned well pleased with the sensations.

Talia continued to sob as her pussy felt on fire and torn. She looked down to him with pleading eyes, "Please, take it out. You are too big."

The Alien exhaled and smiled, "If it was, it would not have fit. The Human pussy is very flexible. It was made for sex. I love Human pussy." He then began to make the device slide her slowly up and down his long shaft. She continued to cry from the pain. He said, "Call me Lord. I want your answers to be Yes My Lord and No My Lord from now on. Let me her you. Say Yes My Lord." 

Talia shook her head no refusing to say it. He sighed and brought the tentacles up from his shoulders. The leathery tentacles began to slap her breasts hard. She screamed out and instantly knew this was to make her say what he wanted to hear. To make the pain stop she shouted, "YES, MY LORD!" The tentacles moved away.

The Alien said, "Very good, slave. Very good. You will learn it is best to just say and do as I wish you to. Anything else results in punishment. Do you understand?"

Through her sobbing she answered, "Yes, My Lord."

Just when her pussy was finally stretched and accepting him, he decided to make things a bit more challenging for her. He made her lift almost completely off of his cock. The two tentacles from his hips pushed quickly into the opening of her ass together simultaneously. She looked down to him, "No, Oh. God. No!"

He smiled wickedly, "Oh yes. Yes!" Within an instant she was lowered and both holes were filled to the max. He kept her like that for a few moments as she screamed from the pain wishing she could pass out again. Both holes were filled with 13 inches long (the tentacles were much longer but the whole length would kill her) and 4 inches thick of dark green flesh.

He made the machine go up and down slowly yet in a steady rhythm. Even though she screamed, cried and pleaded he continued his assault. When he felt himself near his point of cumming, he made the machine lift her up. He slid the tentacles out of her ass and pushed the tip of his cock into it. The machine was then made to go up and down faster. 

Her body was forced into another orgasm. As her body flinched and she came, leaking down onto him, he groaned and grunted loudly. His cock throbbed and expanded another half an inch. His now 4 ½ inch thick cock exploded deep into her bowls. As she panted and her body continued to convulse he looked up to her with a satisfied grin, "Do not worry. The more we do this, the more your body will get used to it. Now, as much as you fought what your body really wanted, did you cum?"

She exhaled, "Y-yes, My Lord."

He slid his slowly deflating cock out of her and asked, "Did you cum multiple times?" 

She exhaled again, "Yes, My Lord."

He chuckled and slapped her bottom, "Have you ever been so well fucked in all your life?"

She looked to him with fatigue, "No, My Lord."

He grinned to her, "Do you want me to fuck you again some time?"

She exhaled and thought for a moment. She was tempted to say no. But her body told her the truth. So her response came out as, "N-n... Yes, My Lord."

The Alien laughed at her, "You Humans are so fuckable. Yet, you try to deny what your body was really made for. Rest for now. Soon you will be taken to my planet to live out your life as my slave."

Talia sighed but knew there was no fighting him. Though it hurt like hell, she did cum multiple times. She could not deny the fact that her body now needed what he had to offer.