 Kiesha Pullman was at the bar drinking her apple green martini. After a long days hard work at Kroger's and Wal-Mart (to popular belief), she needed a break. And lucky for her Saturday was the day that she was both off. She should have spent her time staying home and resting but since it was one day only, she decided to go out and do something fun before she came back home, rested, and go back to work again. 

She just wanted to sit at a bar, listen to some loud but soothing music, while she sipped on her apple martini. Damn that hit the spot. 

Everything was going swell until someone in dirty hair braids, blue dress shirt, and khaki pants sat right next her giving her that hungry stare.

"Um, can I help you?" Kiesha asked feeling annoyed just looking at the brotha. 

"Nah baby, that's not the question," He spoke in a suave manner.

"Oh really, so what is the question?"

"The question is can I help you?"

Kiesha rolled her eyes and took a sip of her apple martini. This was going to get really frustrating. 

"My name is Big Daddy Mac," Mac reached out his hand to shake hers, "and you are?"

"Drinking," Kiesha retorted.

Mac just chuckled. "That's a good one baby; I'm gonna let Mac give you a slide on that one."

Did this mothafucka use himself in third person? Kiesha continued on sipping her drink. But knew it would be impossible to ignore the fake ass pimp. She wanted to get drunk so she could drown him out, but knew she couldn't. If she had too much to drink, the fake ass pimp may take an advantage of her. Kiesha could imagine that now, waking up to this buffoon in her bed or his. Talk about a waking nightmare. 

"Looky here baby, I just want to get to know you. As friends that's all. Nothing more."

"That's nice but I'm not looking for anyone at this moment," Kiesha explained calmly, "I'm just here taking a break that's all."

"Well if you needed a break, hell Big Daddy Mac is right here to give you one."

"Well, you are not the break I was talking about but if you say so."

"Why don't you let Big Daddy take care of the rest of that stress for ya. I'll make sure that Big Mac relieves you of all your worries." 

Kiesha started to imagine what he meant from that. She took one look at Mac. Unimpressive. Then she turned back to her drink. "Sorry, not the kind of stress relief I'm looking for."

Mac was starting to get annoyed. He has never had a woman disrespect him in this manner. "Look, you making it hard for Big Daddy Mac to help you out here."

Kiesha turned to Mac with her serious face. "I don't think I ever asked."

Mac licked his bottom lip in a way that moistened them fully. Kiesha thought that looked a little disgusting. "Well, Big Daddy Mac tried."

"Yes you did," Kiesha said in a smirk.

"I guess Mac gonna have to find some other woman welcoming his company."

"I guess you do."

Big Daddy Mac gave Kiesha this thug, hatred, look and left the bar. Kiesha on the other hand was unphased by the threat. She just picked up her glass and finished her drink. 

Kiesha walked out of the club a little tipsy but not drunk enough she couldn't drive. She had a very stressful week and after talking to that fake ass pimp who tried and failed to run a game on her, her day was even more stressful. Hell, if it was going to be this difficult she would have went to a gay bar. 

Kiesha headed to her car. She reached into her purse to take out her keys and they slipped from her fingers and plopped right on the ground. "Damnit!" She reached down to pick them up and when she stood up, something hard and strong bumped into her and forced her up against her car face first.

"Don't move bitch!" The man ordered putting a switchblade to Kiesha's throat. "Turn the fuck around!" Even though he ordered, he forced the frightened Kiesha around to face him. Kiesha saw a man wearing a black ski mask (Which was weird since she never thought they sell those anymore). She could tell he was black from the dark skin in the eyeholes and mouth. "Thought you were better than me huh you stuck up black bitch!" Kiesha had no idea what the hell the man was talking about. Though the voice did sound awfully familiar. "Do you want to live?" Kiesha stood silent and afraid. Saying nothing out of fear. "Bitch didn't you hear me? Do you want to live?!" 

"YES!" Kiesha screamed. 

"Good, now take your mothafuckin clothes off!" The man in the ski mask ordered.

"What?!"

"Bitch I didn't stutter, I said take your mothafuckin clothes off, NOW!"

"Here?!"

The man in the mask was about to get impatient. "Yes here you dumb bitch what'll think? Take off those clothes start'in with your panties."

Kiesha didn't have time to think about the embarrassment or how she was going to comply with his orders. With the blade still close to her skin, Kiesha had no choice but to bend over, lift up her dress, and pull down her panties.

The man in the ski mask was breathing hard looking side to side seeing if there were any witnesses and facing her breathing erratically like he was nervous. "Lift up your dress."

"What?" Kiesha asked confused.

"Lift up your dress damnit, I don't have all night."

Kiesha hesitantly reached down and lifted up her dress slowly to show her vagina with minimal pubic hair. The man in the ski mask stared at her pubic region with wide eyes as if he has never seen such a sight in his life. Kiesha could only imagine what the pervert was thinking of doing after he snapped out of his trance. 

"Yeah baby," He said, "that pussy is pretty cute. I bet you never had a man to play with it before have you?"

Kiesha closed her eyes beginning to cry. She knew where all this was going and prayed to God he would come down and save her. Make her see something she could use as a weapon or help her see a way to escape. 

The man in the ski mask was fondling with his pants while still holding onto the blade close to Kiesha's face. 

Knowing what was going to happen, tears starting streaming down Kiesha's cheeks. She shook her head knowing her worst fears was about to come true. "No, please mister don't do this."

"Bitch I won't do anything if you just stand still," He promised, "or turn around. Hell it doesn't matter to me. I'm gonna fuck you any way I can."

"Please Mister," Kiesha begged, "don't do this to me. I'm three weeks late."

A big creepy smile spread across his face like he just heard he won the lottery. "You stupid bitches always making up bullshit to get out of the shit you put yourselves into, like now. Besides," The man with the ski mask pressed the sharp point of the blade up against Kiesha's soft cheek, "blood didn't hurt nobody."

Kiesha just closed her eyes and prayed that it was not going to hurt or take too long. 

The man in the mask continued fondling with the opening in his pants and finally freed his member already hard and ready for penetration. 

"I hope you ready for this bitch," The man in the ski mask warned, "this may hurt a little or not, it depends on you."

Kiesha knew he was right. If she moved, fought, or screamed, that blade was going to slice right through her cheek. She didn't know what was more important, her physical appearance or her virtue. In order to escape, she had to give up one or the other. 

As the man in the mask moved his body up closer Kiesha became squeamish feeling the head of his penis nearly rub up against the pubic mound between her thighs. 

Kiesha closed her eyes and took a deep breath ready to lose what she valued the most. Her dignity. 

Just when Kiesha was about to be violated in the worst way, she wondered what was taking the man so long. Then she heard a loud, "Oof", followed by sounds of struggling. Kiesha opened her eyes and was shocked to see the man in the ski mask being held back. His eyes were opened wide in shock as much as hers was. A big, bulky, and muscular arm was wrapped around the mask man's neck so tight he couldn't break free, no matter how hard he struggled. Kiesha turned to his hand with the switchblade and saw that the big bulky, brown, hand gripped his wrist so hard the rapist couldn't move the blade.

"Drop it," Kiesha heard the deep, demanding, voice ordered the rapist, "I said DROP IT!" The rapist did what his captor ordered and let the blade slip out of his fingers and plop right down on the ground. 

Kiesha wanted to bend over and snatch the blade up to teach the rapist a very valuable lesson, but after watching how helpless he was it was enough to keep her still and watch the rest of the show. 

Whoever Kiesha's savior was, he used his big hand to grab the rapist's mask and pulled it off his head. Kiesha's eyes flew open to what she just saw. It was Big Daddy Mac! The fake ass pimp wannabe who tried to pick her up from the bar. She should have known. 

"So you like raping pretty girls do you?" The deep heavy voice asked, but Kiesha thought he was being rhetorical. "Maybe I should pull those itty bitty pants down and we can show her how men really get down?"

Kiesha hoped he was just playing when he said that even though the pervert deserve a little taste of his own medicine. 

"L...look...God damnit," Mac spoke struggling to speak, "I...was just play'in with the bitch, you know, fuck'in around!"

Kiesha looked up at her savior as he did to her. Suddenly Kiesha fell under a spell of the man's short gaze. He was balled but his head was nicely shaped. Even though they were brown, his dark eyes were like voids she could have gotten lost in them forever. And he had a nice shapely gold tee, nicely trimmed. Either Kiesha was saved by a metro sexual or this brotha really took good care of himself. 

"That's funny," Kiesha's hero said with a baleful smile. Kiesha didn't know if he was enjoying hurting the poor fake ass pimp/rapist or that he was enjoying saving her, "she doesn't look like she was playing along."

"Look brotha," Mac said trying to convince Kiesha's savior otherwise, "I know this may look what you think it is. I didn't mean to hurt anybody, like I said we were just play'in that's all. Come on homie give a brotha a break."

After hearing that, Kiesha was hoping the man would carry out on the pun. But looking at the mischievous smile on his face, he had other things in mind. "Okay, I'll let you go." He said with his deep voice. Kiesha knew it wasn't the time, but he sounded really sexy. The man released his wrist and neck but held onto his shirt to face him. "But not before I give you something so when you wake up tomorrow morning you will never forget." And with that, the giant wound up his arm and gave Big Daddy Mac a quick, loud, and hard punch across the face. It was so quick and hard that Mac's body twirled 360 degrees and fell flat on the ground face first. Big Daddy Mac was hit so hard that Kiesha thought her hero broke his neck with one punch. The man turned to Kiesha who watched stunned by what happened and how it ended. It was like living in a real movie. "Are you alright?"

Kiesha stood looking up at the man still stunned. The man looked down at her questionably. "You know you can move now, the man is out. He won't be able to hurt you anymore. Or any other woman for that matter. Hopefully when he wakes up he won't remember any of this. I hit him pretty hard."

"Thank you!" Kiesha finally spoke. "Thank you very much." And she went up and hugged him tightly. He was wearing a brown heavy coat, but Kiesha could tell that he was very muscular and probably bulked underneath. 

"Well you welcome." The man said not surprised Kiesha would thank him with such a gesture. 

Kiesha let go and tried to fix her hair. After the horror show was over she had to look more professional. Especially in front of a handsome savior like him. "I'm sorry. I'm just a little shak'in up that's all."

"I see," The man said with a welcoming smile, "well, I hope you have a good and safe night." And just like that, the man turned and began to walk away. 

Kiesha was surprised. After a very adrenaline pumping moment, she was surprised to see that he would go through all this and then walk away as if it was another day. 

"Wait!" Kiesha called nearly jogging right after him in her high heels after she stopped him they faced each other again, "you have to forgive me, I didn't get a chance to ask you your name."

The man smiled. Something about that smile lightened up Kiesha like a lamp. "Sabbath."

Kiesha looked up at him quizzically. "Come again?"

"Sabbath," He answered with a smile as if he foresaw her reaction before he said his name, "I know it sounds a little biblical but it is a name that I am proud of." 

"Sweety, after what you just did, you might as well been an angel."

Sabbath chuckled. "I guess you can say that."

"So where do you live?" Kiesha asked.

"Everywhere."

Kiesha gave him that quizzical look again. "Can you be more specific?"

Sabbath gave her a big smile. "You heard right, everywhere. This whole city is my home."

Kiesha didn't want to be naïve or anything but something told her that, "The Whole City is His Home", answer only meant one thing. He was homeless.

"Look why don't you come home with me?" Kiesha suggested. "It's pretty cold out here and you look like a man that needs a place to stay."

Now it was Sabbath's turn to stare at her quizzically. "After what just happened you are going to invite a man into your home?"

"Of course. You think that fake ass pimp you knocked out back there is the only man in the world?"

"I guess evil in men comes in all shapes and forms," Sabbath said. 

"After what I just saw, so are good men." Kiesha shot back with a smile. In truth she was trying to give him her seductive, "I really want to take your fine ass home", smile.

Sabbath looked over at the darkened streets and back at Kiesha who still held that kitten like smile. Then he nodded. "Okay. Lead the way."

Kiesha felt her heart beating really fast as if it she just heard the best news in her entire life. "Follow me." Kiesha walked back to the direction of the car looking back to see if her handsome savior was following from behind. When she came back to her car she saw, Big Daddy (She didn't see how that name fit him anymore) Mac was still sprawled out face first on the ground. Kiesha almost thought he was dead until she saw his back heaved up and slowly down. He was still alive and sleeping hard. She thought she heard the freak snoring. Not that Kiesha was frightened that Sabbath took his life or anything. But scum like that did not deserve to walk this planet. 

Kiesha pressed the remote connected to the key chain and her car made this beeping sound followed by another sound letting both Kiesha and Sabbath know the doors were unlock. Kiesha opened the door to the driver's side and jumped in and Sabbath on the other. Kiesha was really in a hurry to get her man...savior to her house but did not want to rush too much to get into an accident. Or unconsciously run over Mac somehow. She carefully pulled out of the driveway, onto the street, and drove off into the night heading for her home and hopefully his. 

After Kiesha unlocked the door and let Sabbath in, she switch on the light and the whole room lit up. "Here we are," She announced, "it's not the Hiltons but..."

"Its home," Sabbath finished. 

A smile spread across Kiesha's face. "Yeah, home." Kiesha walked further down and into her kitchen. "Do you need anything to drink, water or something?" 

Sabbath smiled and rubbed the top of his bald head. "I need water alright. Probably best if I take a shower."

Poor guy, Kiesha thought, he probably hasn't taken a shower in like forever. "Are you hungry at least?" 

"No thank you," Sabbath answered, "just need to get out of these clothes and take a nice warm shower."

Though Kiesha thought he was just trying to be courteous, she really felt like he needed some fluids and energy in his system. Maybe tomorrow morning he'll get his mind right. She went into the back room while Sabbath sat on a couch waiting. She came back with towels and soap. "Well, I don't have any clothes that fit, not for men anyway." 

Sabbath stood up to greet Kiesha. "That's alright."

"No it isn't. After everything you have done tonight, you deserve better."

Sabbath smiled again and did something Kiesha did not anticipate. He put his hand to Kiesha's cheek and rubbed it softly as if petting a cat. The touch of his strong fingers rubbing up against her skin sent waves of ease throughout her mind. As if she knew letting him in her home was the best decision she has ever made in her life. 

"I should go and get ready," Sabbath said. Without getting any directions from Kiesha, Sabbath walked with the towels and soap to the bathroom. 

Kiesha was just done rearranging the pillows and placed them to the side neatly. She unfolded the couch and it turned into a bed. She prepared the pillows, the sheets, and the covers. When she turned around she jumped at the sight of Sabbath standing in front of her half naked wearing her blue towel around his waist. He had broad shoulders, thick muscular arms, visible squared pecs, and rock hard rectangular abs that appeared when he flexed. Matter of fact Kiesha thought he wasn't even flexing. He was shining off of the light reflecting from his moistening body revealing all the clear cut muscles as if his skin shrunk revealing his true form underneath. 

Kiesha just stood there staring hard at the God's beautiful creation. How can God allow this man to live on the streets looking as fine as that? It had to be a major sin. 

"I see my bed is made?" Sabbath said.

Kiesha snapped out of her trance and paid attention to his face which had a smirky smile. She didn't know if he was happy he could sleep in a nice bed for a change or that he knew she was impressed with his body. How embarrassing. 

"Well, everything is all set," Kiesha said giving him a shy smile, "I guess this is good night?"

"I guess it is." Sabbath said coming to the side of the bed. "I'll see you in the morning then?"

Kiesha smiled back at him. "I'll see you in the morning."

Kiesha headed into the hall to her bedroom, but before she entered she took one last glimpse of Sabbath taking off his towel and seeing the rest of him. Kiesha nearly caught her breath as she saw the fine man with the fine, stiff, ass. The towel covered it a little but Kiesha swore that he was well endowed. Sabbath was a very appropriate name because God really gifted this man. 

Kiesha quickly went into her room before the naughty thoughts appeared in her head. But by the time she took a quick shower and jumped into bed it was already too late. 

Kiesha was asleep in her bed. Everything was peaceful but something was disturbing her. A light disturbance that tickled as well interrupted her nerves. Plus it felt pretty damn good. Was this a dream within a dream or was she really experiencing this. With her eyes closed and her mind wide open, Kiesha realized that her legs were open and someone was between them! 

Kiesha hoped it wasn't the beaten up pimp, Mac. It took the act of God to bring a savior to save her from that nightmare. But it felt so soft, so wet, so good that she couldn't say no. Not now. Suddenly the feeling stopped and she was feeling moist, warm, kisses on her bare stomach leading up to her naked chest. Lips, warm and moist gripped hold of one breast while a strong hand gripped the other so tight Kiesha jumped from all the nerves reacting from the mysterious touch. The lips, wet and strong, made its way to the side of her neck where it kissed and licked on her ear. 

Kiesha could feel the mysterious man's body on top of hers building up heat against her body. She should have pushed him off, screamed no, or something. But for some reason the closeness felt so good, she couldn't say no. 

Kiesha began to struggle, but for some reason it was not to get her enforcer off her, but it was her turn to take full control. 
