 Chapter 1

"Hey, what's up Paul? You look like shit."

"Yeah, uh, hi." He unfolded the seat beside his friend, whom he'd only met the previous morning during a similar lecture. He slid himself into it slowly and winced at his soreness once his bottom hit the hard surface. "It was a rough night." He scrunched his eyes shut and tried to remember his friend's name. Was it Dave?

They sat in a sprawling lecture hall, in rows upon rows of seats for students to sit and listen to their professor. Paul's senses were starting to reel as his hangover further blossomed. Had he gotten any actual sleep that night, or had he simply passed out from exhaustion? He would have normally skipped that lecture, considering the state he was in, but his unease about whom he'd taken home with him that night had had him scampering out of bed for the chance to escape.

"You went drinking?" Dave asked.

"Yeah. Had too much. Things got a bit... a bit weird." Paul's phone buzzed. He pulled it out of his pants pocket and looked at the screen. As he registered what he saw a flash of hot embarrassment hit him. He quickly lowered the phone, not wanting Dave to see.

"Hey! Hey, I saw that. Show me."

It was too late. "No. No way, uh-uh."

"Come on man. I saw something... a blonde girl? She looked hot." Dave desperately reached for the phone. Paul was beginning to think he wouldn't continue sitting with him during lectures. "Come on."

"Shit," he groaned. "Fine." Paul held his phone afar with his opposite arm, beyond Dave's reach, making sure nothing he didn't want to be seen was there. He covered the bottom right corner of the image with his thumb and turned the phone towards Dave's view, still too far for him to grab. 

There was a play icon in the center - she'd sent him a video clip, which began with her standing with her rear towards his bathroom mirror, turning towards it to aim her phone. Over her slim little body she wore nothing but one of his black tank tops, and the sides of her amazing tits - easily a triple D of luscious young lady - were spilling out of the oversized armholes. She'd fixed up her hair and redone her makeup, giving lush weight to her eyelashes and her lips a bubblegum pink sheen.

"Wooo, fuck! She's hot. That chick is banging! Play the clip."

"No."

"Don't be a pussy man, play it."

"Nope. That's all you get to see." He locked his phone and slipped it back into his pocket.

"Shit. I didn't think you could pick up girls like that." Dave turned back to the front of the auditorium, where the professor was taking her place behind her podium.

Neither did I, thought Paul. I didn't even know girls like her exist.

He remembered meeting her at the pub. She was absolutely magnetic, with her bouncy golden locks and gorgeous face. And that fucking body! Unbelievable. Somehow she was there alone, so he had swallowed his nervousness and seized the chance to talk to her and buy her a drink.

She liked that he was a couple years older than the other first year students, and was glad to talk about the time he'd spent just working odd jobs after high school. She drank like a fish, and as his wallet had grown lighter his recollections became fuzzier.

They'd eventually stumbled back to his dorm room. What happened there was a bit of a blur, but what he did remember chilled him to the bone. And his bones were so very sore. 

Sabrina was definitely a unique case. He felt a maddening mix of emotions at the thought of her - lust, embarrassment, confusion, fear. In that lecture hall he'd managed to escape the reality of what they'd done that night, with only his soreness and hangover to tie him to it, but now that movie clip was waiting for him in his phone. It was there, reminding him of the things she'd convinced him to do and him to let her do to him... It was there and it was waiting for him to push 'play'.

"I think I'm going to head back to my room, to rest. This hangover just keeps getting worse."

"Alright, later man."

Paul rose from his seat, and his senses swirled harder. The outer borders of his vision were turning fuzzy in his dizzy, nauseous state, and he has was starting to flush with fever-heat. As he strode up the stairs between the rows of seats and out of the lecture hall he was, to his dismay, getting hard in his jeans. "Goddamnit..."

He stumbled down the busy university hallway with a singular purpose, though his path tottered and veered. His heart was beating in his ears, and he could feel himself growing hotter still. Fuck, where are the bathrooms here. I need to see the clip... need to see her!

He finally saw the familiar sign of the men's room and nearly broke into a run. He dove in and locked himself inside a toilet stall.

His breath was heavy as he took out his phone and reopened Sabrina's text. Again, he blocked the bottom right corner with his thumb, afraid of what he'd see. Ashamed. He was salivating over what amount of her he could bear to look upon, yet the thought of what he was hiding seemed mortifying. He pulled his trembling thumb away.

Extending far out from Sabrina's lower body was her massive hard cock. 

It easily exceeded twice the size of Paul's. She had her back turned toward the camera, as if she'd only meant to show off her sweet little bottom and copious sideboob in the reflection of that bathroom mirror, but in her aroused state there was so much length to see. From the pink and fattened tip a globule of precum was hanging, slowly dripping down. 

"God!" Paul whispered. "Fuck!" His breath came out in shudders, for his entire body was shaking. After a fearful moment he pressed 'play'.

Hi Paulie, it's me. As you can see I woke up with a little morning wood... She reached out and took her cock in her hand and gave it a long stroke towards her body, wiggling her scrumptious behind as she went, picking up that bit of pre and smearing it across her taut skin. She tilted her bottom further up toward the camera, letting him see the fingers of her other hand briefly play across the neat little lips of her slit. 

You left so sudden, while I'm still raring for more fun! She gave a sweet, girlish little giggle, which set her chest into tantalizing motion. So how about this. Now that you're back to your senses, if you still want me, come back here and get me. If you don't, say so, and I'll gather my things and leave. You'll never see me again. 

She blew a kiss to the mirror, and then the video ended.

Paul was uncomfortably hard in his jeans. With her petite and slim body, her beautiful face, those amazing big breasts, she was every young man's fantasy. And yet she had that massive cock, and all the equipment that accompanied that as well. He didn't know how to feel about it. He knew how he was supposed to feel, how he would have expected himself to, but somehow, no matter how hard he fought it, Sabrina's giant cock turned him on as much of the rest of her. It may have even been her hottest feature. Thank god she had a vagina too.

He could have replayed the clip and started playing with himself right then and there, but what would have been the point in that? He dreaded what waited for him in his room, yet he already knew that at that point, there was nowhere else he could go. Shaking his head at his shame, he left the bathroom and headed toward his residence.

Chapter 2

As soon as he stepped inside the apartment the smell of sex filled his nose. The place still stunk of what they'd done that night. He could already feel her near.

He heard a faint giggle and some movement. "Uhm, Sabrina, you're still here right? I'm back."

"I am, and I see that," she said, stepping around a corner into view. In her wavy blonde hair she wore a little black bow, an adorable accent. She was still dressed in only his black tank top. To his relief her 'morning wood' had worn off, though still the sight of her swaying low between her lissome legs made him freeze in place. 

She approached, pressed herself close and hung her arms around his neck. She was almost a full head shorter than him. "I guess this seals the deal then." 

His heart was beating hard in anxious excitement at the sensation of her breasts pressing against him."It... it what?"

She got on her tippy-toes to place a little peck on his lips. "You like me."

He wrapped his arms around her petite torso. "Uh, I'm not sure."

She giggled. "I cleaned up a bit while you were gone. We made a big mess."

"Th-thanks, Sabrina."

"But from now on you'll do clean up, okay?"

"Uh?"

She tenderly slid her fingers through his hair. He simmered in agitation at her touch. With a devious smile she began to pull downward, lowering his head towards her rounded, luscious cleavage. He very willingly assented, even groaning with pained joy as he felt her cool, smooth and dry skin meet his cheeks. She giggled softly and continued to brush her finger tips along his scalp as he lifted and tossed her fantastic assets against his face.

"See? You like me. I know I'm the prettiest girl you've ever met."

"Mmmh..."

"I make you horny. Don't I?"

His conflicted feelings had him holding his tongue, but she was of course, correct. In her presence, the lust he felt was maddeningly intense, even with the faint memories of the emasculating things she'd done to him that previous night. He only groaned his reply, feeling humiliation at the thought of what awaited.

She giggled softly. "Of course I do." She stepped back, and her tender touch become a firm push away. "Now get on your knees, pretty boy."

Paul blinked. He remembered that teasingly authoritative tone; Sabrina had been very bossy when they were drunk. He twitched with panic as her slender arm whipped out, her perfectly manicured fingers wringing the collar of his shirt into her little fist. With a deceptive strength he'd hoped he'd imagined that previous night she yanked him down to his knees.

"If you're going to be my boyfriend you'll have to be more agreeable with me." She took her cock in her hand and lifted it toward his face. In awe and trepidation he noted again how even when completely flaccid it was already much bigger than him. "I'm not used to not getting what I want."

"Oh god, Sabrina, I... No, I don't..."

"Yes you do, Paul. You tried to fight it last night but you didn't last long. I know you like this. Why, I can see already, you're getting even harder in your jeans. You don't have to be ashamed. It's just you and me in here."

"Just... us..."

She nodded, smiling sweetly. "Now go ahead. Don't you want to? You do."

He reached to her with shaking arms. "I... No, I..." He cupped his hands together and lifted the warm, soft tube of pale flesh. Unlike the previous night he had all his mental faculties with him, making the situation feel even more absurd, more shameful than before. But as she'd said... it was just the two of them, and she wanted him to. He was tempted to. There wasn't any point in holding on to his biases.

He began to stroke it, knowing exactly what it needed, though his motions had to be scaled up a good deal more than he was used to. She cooed a soft, sweet tone, which was a total mismatch for what was coming to life in his hands. As she grew the pink head began to emerge, and he shuddered in amazement. She must have already been reaching a foot in length!

As she stiffened she stepped back, gaining the distance she needed as she extended and swelled into full form. The sheer size of her throbbing tool was mind boggling, and Paul was equal parts amazed, aroused and frightened by what the diminutive blonde was sporting.

One of her little hands joined his for a moment, working the base few inches. "Almost there."

Paul realized he was licking his lips as he watched the skin of the head tighten and firm. There was so much turgid heat in their hands, and the act of wringing his up and down her length was insanely sexy. He had never felt such desire before. Sabrina was youth, lust and fertility, exaggerated and crafted into human form. "Oh my god," he whispered. "How big does it get?"

She giggled. "Sixteen inches, the last time I measured. I hope this recent growth spurt of mine is finished, because it's getting hard to hide."

At that moment at least she couldn't grow any further, and her massive straight column of flesh was hardened and throbbing with power. The skin that enclosed it was pulled tight, revealing the vascular details of the thick veins that fed her engorgement. Sabrina gazed down at Paul, smiling with a playful excitement. She knew what he wanted to do, the tormented dilemma that was plaguing his mind.

Gently fixing his lips around it, he felt like he could cry. He'd always fancied himself to be a real man, a guy's guy, yet there he was pumping well over a foot of hard girldick into his mouth. The feeling of her heat, her jaw straining magnitude, was incomparable. "Mmm! I'm so glad you like my huge cock. Keep going, it feels so good."

He groaned his reply, shutting out her teasing words to focus on the sensuality of what he was doing. Beyond his surface feelings of degradation, on a more base level, he loved it. He trailed his lips down the side of her shaft, making the long journey down to her abdomen, only stopping when he felt her tiny patch of golden pubic hair tickle his nose. From there he turned his gaze to stare down her length and watch his hand as it continued to reach back and work her. He could smell her bodily scent, which to his relief was sweet and feminine. 

It's a girlcock, he thought. It's pretty and sexy, like the rest of her. This changes nothing about me!

"You nasty cock sucker. You thought you'd get to fuck a sweet little girl, but I'm so much more."

This can't last. Every second thing she says degrades me. But god, she turns me on. On his knees he shuffled backward until he could tuck the tip back into his mouth. He moaned deeply as he took her by the hips and began to vigorously mouthfuck her.

She squirmed and sighed, and her throbs intensified. A hint of salted sweetness and moisture met his taste buds, and he quivered with excitement. As mindless as the frenzy she'd put him in was, the nectar of her immense flower was driving him even deeper into madness.

She reached down and with her forefinger tilted his chin up. The tip of her member left his grasp, sending the rest of it into heavy vertical sways. Seeing how bothered he was to have been cut off she giggled and gave a wink, then turned away from him to stride deeper into the apartment, towards his bed.

He watched wide-eyed as she went, spellbound by her slim yet curved little body. The sides of her breasts could be seen bouncing high and firm against her chest as she moved, and the rigid sway of her gigantic cock was hypnotic. He licked the taste of her spunk off his lips and swallowed it down, then got to his feet and followed.

She sat herself on the edge of his bed and tilted her hips up, and her cock swung such that the end of it tapped a few times against her sternum. It left wet dripping kisses on the top edge of the borrowed tank top, marking it as hers as the mixture of spit and precum rolled down the curve of her breasts. She then reached down and lifted her heavily filled sac, revealing her pretty little slit, which she parted with her fore and middle finger. 

"Oh thank god," Paul muttered. He hurriedly undid his belt, and his jeans fell to his ankles. It was such a relief to free himself from the prison of his clothes - she'd gotten him so terribly hard. With a victorious moan he plunged into her moist warmth. 

She gasped, and then began to giggle. "Paul! I was going to ask you to use that mouth some more! Am I really getting you that horny?"

"Fuck yes you are, Sabrina. You're driving me insane." He took hold of her thighs and began to earnestly buck. "Ohh god you feel good!"

"Ooh! But you also need to jerk off my cock."

Without a word he wrapped his hands tight around it and began to make long, powerful strokes.

"Annh...! That's more like it! Stroke my dick! Make me cum!"

The impacts of his hips against her had her chest jostling and jumping, and in her state her pretty face took up a sweet and helpless look... yet the unyeildingly hardened tool Paul clenched in his hands was the exact opposite. His clumsy coordination had him trying to work her length at the same rate as his comparatively short and frantic thrusts, and his biceps were beginning to burn from the effort. 

His arms seemed to turn to rubber as his climax hit him, much sooner than he would have liked, but there was no stopping him from continuing to thrust. His hips slammed to a stop against her and he cried out in joyful frustrated bliss.

"Ooh, babe!" She giggled. "It'll take more than that for me, silly boy."

"Unnnh...!" 

She wrapped her legs around his torso and pulled him in close, and as he continued to throbbingly release himself into her she smothered him with a seething kiss. He groaned in fitful ecstasy as his hands dropped down to sit on the mattress. He'd never felt such an all consuming, full body climax in all his brief life.

With a chuckle of detached amusement she broke the kiss and tilted his head downward, and with a squeeze of her internal muscles she set her rod swaying up and down, inches from his chin. No longer holding on to his old prejudices he unhesitatingly bent forward and engulfed the beating fleshy tip while worshipfully running his hands up and down her perfect, superior shaft.

"Oooh yes! Good boy! I love that."

He did too. To embrace the hyper-endowed body of Sabrina was like a revelation - nothing could be hotter to him. Still buried to the hilt in her, he realized he'd sustained his hardness. He gave an experimentative shake of his hips and yes, even after that immense orgasm it felt right. With a muffled moan of joy he resumed his thrusts while sustaining his oral and manual attentions.

"Ooh babe! You're doing much better now," Sabrina said. Indeed, after blowing his first load Paul seemed level headed enough to keep a good rhythm, and as he indulgently bucked into her his hands maintained long, pleasing strokes. "I won't have to turn you around to finish this time."

Paul's cheeks flared. So that memory he'd fought so hard to bury, that loose and sore feeling that had made it so hard for himself to be seated for his lecture, meant all that he'd hoped it couldn't. There was no point in fighting it though, for to always be able to feel what he felt at that moment, and to keep a creature like Sabrina in his life, was reason enough for him to swallow his pride and be the one who is conquered. She was just that good.

If anything, a job done as well as it was at that moment would have saved him from another sodomization at the hands of the golden haired beauty. He pressed on, embracing the scenario and loving every moment of it. She felt absolutely divine around his cock, and to lavish his attention upon her burning phallus was like praying at Venus' altar.

"Unh Paul baby, I'm gonna... gonna...!"

He stepped his strokes up a notch, returning to that frantic movement that burned up his arms as he gagged and clucked at her turgid head. His thrusts reached a fever pitch - he felt the beginnings of another climax, and if he timed it right, they could finish as one.

"Yes! Yes, here it comes, I'm... I'm... AHHHH!"

Torrents of pearlescent spunk shot from her massive cock and filled his throat. Nearly choking, he tore his lips away and beheld the fantastic shots as he released the same again into her. As the sweet and salted richness settled against his tongue he was hypnotized by the might of her spasmic bursts, a blown up representation of the blissful feeling of himself emptying into her perfect little snatch. She was raining down on herself and his bed, her head tilted back to spill her blonde locks across the sheets in a pose of utter ecstasy.
