 Chapter 6

As Paul and Sabrina spent time together the time flew by, and seemingly in the blink of an eye a semester had passed. Though the demands and distraction of his incredible girlfriend had done considerable damage to his grades Paul had never been happier. Nevertheless, he worried what he'd tell his parents when they'd ask and learn how badly he'd been performing at college. He would probably have to lie.

With the holiday season in full swing he was taking a long overnight bus ride home to see them, and Sabrina had decided she would tag along. At first the thought of bringing her to his hometown was unthinkable, but after a little of her convincing he'd come around. The situation would do his reputation at home well, if he could keep her true nature secret. All his friends and family would be impressed at the girlfriend he'd made, who was apparently a league or three beyond where he'd scored in the past, and she in turn would still have him near to sate her unique needs.

He'd just awoken from an uncomfortable half-sleep, sore from the pain of his neck draping his head onto his shoulder. For him, sleeping in the cramped and crowded bus was difficult. From his window seat he saw the snow beating down onto the rural highway. He rubbed his eyes.

For Sabrina sleep seemed to come more easily. He turned to look at her. She looked angelic as she placidly breathed, her tempting chest rising and falling, her pink lips parted ever so sweetly. Her golden locks looked light and soft yet full as they sat around her shoulders, while her skin was so milky and fair. Her cock looked incredible as always as it filled out and crawled along her thigh, having emerged well out from within her mid-thigh length skirt. Wait, what!? Oh shit!

Paul quickly pulled off his coat and tossed it over his girlfriend's lap, hiding her quickening nocturnal reaction. Oh, god! That was a close call! He was pretty sure no one had seen her yet. Most were asleep or fighting to remain in that state. Nonetheless if Sabrina had been allowed to reach full size in the open, someone would have eventually caught an eyeful.

Knowing what to look for, he could still make out the long shape of her beneath the folds of his coat. She was getting harder. The thought of what her body was doing made him shudder with desire, and soon there was something equally as hard forming in his own lap, though much less conspicuously so. 

It had been a while since they'd last done anything. He wasn't used to going so long, but the demands of their long journey had kept them chaste. At that moment, he wanted her badly.

"Attention all passengers, we're going to be making our scheduled rest-stop in New Baltimore. The time is six am. Please feel free to leave the bus to stretch, use the rest room and purchase refreshments, but you must return to the vehicle by six-thirty. I repeat, we're making a scheduled rest-stop at..."

The bus pulled onto a rough off-ramp and headed toward a gas bar and indoor plaza. As soon as it had come to a rest the bus driver switched on the full lighting, to the groans and surprised twitches of Sabrina and her fellow passengers.

"Ngh, mmm..." She covered her eyes. "What's going on?"

"Rest stop. We have half an hour."

She nodded slowly and adjusted her posture in her seat. After a moment she became more aware of her situation, and with a look of wariness she lifted the closest edge of Paul's jacket off her lap to look inside. "Oh, darn... I can't go in there like this."

"Yes you can. Come on!" He grabbed her hand and surged out of his seat. Sabrina squeaked with surprise and, hunching forward with his jacket against her lap, sleepily tromped out of the bus with him. They were the first ones out.

As the winter air and fat falling flakes of snow hit her Sabrina grew more awake, and by the time they were entering the indoor plaza she was giggling with excitement. They headed straight for the washrooms, where for a confused moment they stood trying to decide which to enter. Other bus riders were starting to make their way into the building, so in a split second decision Paul pulled her into the men's room.

To their luck, the bathroom was empty. They raced into the largest, handicap-accessible bathroom stall and locked the door. Paul's eyes were wantonly glued to Sabrina as she reached up to hang his coat on a hook, revealing herself to be swaying soft but heavy at almost full length, within the vicinity of her knees. She'd lost some of her hardness. Paul dropped to the ground, feeling ready and eager to bring it back. She lifted her skirt, revealing the rest of her extensive endowment to him, and he lifted her to his mouth and got to work.

"Ooooh," she cooed, melting against the bathroom stall. "This is different..."

Paul held his index finger by his lips, urging her to be silent. As he returned the pink, swelling tip to his mouth and ran his hands up and down her hardening length they heard the clink of belt buckles being undone. Their fellow passengers had entered the bathroom and were relieving themselves, only feet away from them.

Soon Paul had her fully excited. She let her back drag further down against the cold wall until her bottom came to rest on the handicap grab bar. Fighting to stay silent, she shudderingly kneaded her large, perfect breasts through her little hands.

By that stage in their relationship Paul showed no hesitation whatsoever when it came to his feelings about Sabrina's body. Multiple times a day he would openly worship her, treating her as the paragon of youthful beauty and fertility that she surely was. He would bless her with his hands, his mouth and his behind whenever the urge struck them. That sleepy morning in the rest stop, it seemed his desire had elevated to the point where risks were allowed.

As the moments of him lavishing boyish love upon her enormous cock dragged on the bathroom emptied out, and once more they were alone. "Paul, I don't think we have enough time, like this."

"Mmm..."

"Paul. Take your clothes off."

He stopped and looked up at her, taking a moment to decide if he would obey. She was right - he could carry on like that hours, but she wasn't going to finish in time without a more thorough stimulation. Without a word spoken he got up and began to undo his jeans.

Sabrina got off the support bar and stood before the toilet. Paul quickly sat himself upon it and took off his shirt. As he watched his girlfriend reach out to stroke her hot, translucent precum onto her spit-slicked shaft he leaned back and sluttily laid himself out for her, spread eagled and erect.

Months of work had turned him into the perfect buttslut for Sabrina. Pain was barely a factor. She pressed herself against him, and with little resistance his little hole allowed her to enter, with him giving only the slightest wince. She quickly took up a steady rhythm.

"Oohhh, ffff-"

Sabrina covered his mouth with her own, silencing him. Breathing heavily, she continued to work her immense tool within him, relishing the way his tight sphincter strangled her girth. The rubbing pressure against his prostate was hard and constant as she went.

"Ngghh... unnnnh!" Paul was ventilating deeply, and his cock began to seize. He produced some ribbons of cum which splashed out and painted streaks down his belly. Sabrina continued, feeling herself nearing the sweet and necessary finish.

Finally she pulled herself free and gave herself some final strokes, just beneath the stone-hardened head of her cock. She blasted a thick rope of cum onto Paul, burying his load and dragging it away with it as it slowly rolled down his lean body to slop into the toilet water below. He surged forward, and was quick enough to catch the second shot of her sweet seed.

With a frat-boy like fervor he, for lack of a more elegant term, chugged the repeated eruptions of girlcum. Sabrina fell forward, and no longer able to hold her voice she gasped in ecstasy as she supported herself on the wall behind him. Her release had been augmented by the time spent idle on the long bus ride - it was positively massive. The excess overflow was slopping down Paul's chin and running like a pearly avalanche into the toilet water below.

When finally the madness of climax had ceased Sabrina stepped back. Still stiff and dripping she pulled at the toilet paper roll, grabbing a long stream of the thin paper which she wadded up and dabbed at the end of her cock, cleaning it off. Paul followed suit, gathering nearly an armful which he used to mop off his thickly coated torso, balls and ass.

"Oh my god, I didn't realize how badly I needed that," Sabrina said. With her dress draping along her still turgid length she passed the soaking wad of paper between Paul's legs into the toilet. "But now I'm starving. Can you get us something to eat while I wait for my body to calm down?"

"Sure," Paul croaked. Still feeling slightly sticky, he redressed himself and left the bathroom.

Chapter 7

Amazingly, none were the wiser to the shocking scene that had played out in the men's room. It seemed their long bus ride and abruptly interrupted sleeps had dulled their fellow passengers' senses enough for them to do their deed unawares. To their eyes, nothing was amiss as Sabrina took her seat across from Paul.

Things would have looked a little stranger if they were to watch more closely though, for while Paul was content to merely pick at a cup of french fries Sabrina was enthusiastically working her way through three huge hamburgers. Her incredible appetite certainly didn't affect her figure! Only Paul knew where all those calories went.

He rested his chin in his hand, patiently watching as his girlfriend took her finishing bites of her last burger. She swallowed and washed it down with a sip of soda, then smiled primly. "Okay. That was tasty. Thanks for breakfast, babe."

"No problem Sabie. Look at us... Acting so normal after what we did."

She nodded. "Is that strange to you?"

"No, actually I'm used to it, even if this time was risky. This is the new normal."

Sabrina blinked at her boyfriend a few times before balling up the packaging for her lunch and tossing it back into its paper bag. "Uh-huh."

"Who could tell that my girlfriend isn't what she seems? That she isn't technically even human?"

"No one, if we can help it," she said, beginning to show amusement. "So thanks for covering me up this morning. Though after what we did, I'm starting to think part of you wouldn't mind people finding out..."

Paul shrugged. "I don't know. Sometimes I feel really lucky, that you picked me. So I guess I'd be excited for people to know how different you really are. But no, I don't want anyone to find out."

"You're pretty open about your feelings for a boy."

"Yeah. I wasn't always like this..."

Sabrina gave a little giggle. "Oh? So have I made a girl out of you? Got you in touch with your inner emotions?"

"That's not funny."

She sat back in her seat, still smiling at her funny little boyfriend, who was quick to admire her in that more plainly presented posture. Seeing where his eyes were going she smoothed her hands down the sides of her breasts, so tightly packed into her dress, highlighting how slender in comparison the rest of her was. He was turning red in the cheeks. Sabrina so loved to do that to him!

"Ooooh," she cooed. "Someone's still hungry... for something other than fries!"

Blushing, Paul sat further back in his seat and clamped his legs together. Their quickie in the bathroom had been far too short. Again, she giggled at him. "So uh, anyway," he began with a shaky voice, "I've been meaning to ask you a couple things."

"Okay? Go ahead."

"Why are you here, in the normal world? Why are you dating a normal guy like me?"

She started to pout, though mostly playfully. "You aren't happy that I'm here with you?"

"Of-of course I am! But I just don't understand. What could make you leave the goddesses, to be here?"

She sighed, becoming more serious as she turned her gaze down to the her lunch tray. "It's complicated. It's a very weird story."

Paul leaned closer, looking at her intently.

"Oh, fine. So I'd been living with the goddesses at Astro-X for about half a year. By then I'd learned how to speak and get around on my own..."

***

Sabrina rounded the corner, finishing the final stretch of hallway before she could be at home in her and Lucia's room. She hoped she would let her in - Sibyl had been visiting, and when they were together she was locked out.

She tested the doorknob and was relieved to find the room was unlocked. Smiling gladly, she opened the door and stepped inside.

"Mmm, Lucy. I'm so glad I stayed in Arizona... You've made it so worthwhile."

At the sound of their voices Sabrina headed towards them, to the bedroom, curious to see what Lucia and Sibyl were doing.

Lucia giggled softly, beaming up at Sibyl, whose extensive cock she was stroking as it lay hard against her lips. She was kneeling in a bathrobe, while the blonde sat naked on their bed. "Anything for you."

Sabrina gasped. The two goddesses turned to the doorway where she stood, her mouth agape as she stared in shock.

"Sabrina! Oh, no," Lucia sighed. She got to her feet. 

"Lucia," she whimpered.

"You shouldn't be here."

Blushing, Sibyl got off the bed and began to pick her clothes up off of the floor. Sabrina ran out of the room, back out into the hallway.

"Dammit, Sabrina," Lucia grumbled. She tightened her robe around herself and made her way outside to explain. "Sabrina, it's alright."

"This is why you've been locking me out!"

"Yes, it is," Lucia replied matter of factly. She stepped to the side as Sibyl slipped past her and out into the hall.

"You don't want me anymore."

"Of course I do sweetie." She tisked as she saw a tear begin to fall down Sabrina's cheek, and lifted it away with a curled finger. "But it's not as simple as that. Sibyl and I have had a relationship for a very long time, and now that we've finished our project we have time to spend together."

"What about me?"

"You... You'll be alright. There's plenty for you to do here while Sibyl and I are together."

"What do you mean?"

Lucia chuckled softly, "oh, well, if you want companionship or another bed to sleep in, the entire compound is open to you."

Sabrina's expression relaxed. She was genuinely surprised. "Really?"

"Yes," Lucia said, again chuckling as she saw a smile begin to form on her innocent face. "Until Sibyl and I are assigned new work you might as well just do as you please with other goddesses, if that's necessary, because we'll be together. So are you still upset?"

"Um... no, I guess."

"Good. Now you go find yourself something fun to do. And go tell Sibyl it's okay to come back."

***

With high hopes in her heart Sabrina again took to wandering the halls of the Astro-X compound. She wasn't sure how she would go about approaching another goddess, and the thought of doing so was making her quite nervous, but what else was there for her to do? The door to Lucia's room was locked. It was time to try something new.

She saw a taller, blonde haired goddess walking in the distance. She looked very similar to herself, but was in fact completely identical to Lucia's Sibyl. It was Diana, the eldest daughter of the compound's owner, whom Sibyl had been cloned from. Wouldn't it be fitting for her to approach a goddess identical to the one who was laying in bed with her Lucia?

Sabrina swallowed her fear, straightened out her little pink dress, and headed toward her.

"Hello Diana, I'm glad to meet you. My name is Sabrina."

The goddess turned to her. "Hmm? Oh, hello. I've heard about you."

Sabrina nodded and smiled sweetly as Diana sized up her hopeful miniature. 

"Umm... can I help you?"

"Yes!" Sabrina squeaked. "I was hoping... we could be friends."

"Ah, sure. We could be that. Everyone here is friends."

Sabrina was stepping closer to her, and her gaze had fallen away from her face and was roving hungrily over her perfected body. It was hard to blame her for doing so, when it was so easy to admire in her shamelessly tight jeans and chest hugging t-shirt. A wiser young lady would have shown some restraint, but Sabrina had only months of experience living within the tiny world of the Astro-X compound, and all she knew was the life of a pleasure being. As her eyes settled on the elongated form pressed tight against one of her legs she wondered what pleasures she could share with a seed-bearer goddess like she. "Let's go to your room then, and be friends."

"Whoa, wait," Diana said. She stepped back, raising her hands defensively. "Not so fast! I'm not looking for... not with a... No."

"No?"

"No. Don't make me try to explain. Just no."

Sabrina pouted, crestfallen.

"Shouldn't you be with Lucia, anyhow?"

"Um, maybe," Sabrina said. "But she and Sibyl have been celebrating their job well done. And so I've been looking for a new playmate, until Lucia needs me again."

"Oh. I see. Well, you won't find one in me, sorry." Her arm seemed to twitch as she considered reaching out to offer Sabrina a reassuring touch - she decided not to. "But keep looking."

"Okay..."

Diana glanced away, already mentally ready to leave her behind. "Well, it was nice meeting you Sabrina. Bye!" The goddess did a quick turn and left. 

Sabrina was left standing in place, still pouting in disappointment. With a sigh she turned to check her surroundings. 

A girl caught her attention, walking away from her down the hall with a licentious amble. Sabrina's keen eyes discerned that she was as of short of stature as herself, appearing less like the various elegant willowy women that populated the compound. Despite that one difference the tight hourglass of her perfectly slim yet stacked figure was the telltale sign of a goddess. She was dressed for attention in black booty shorts and a sleeveless white top that clung taut to the biggest set of breasts she had yet seen, which bounced outrageously with her every step, very visible despite her turned back. In lust, Sabrina immediately set off toward her.

"Hi," Sabrina said. "I haven't seen you before."

The girl turned to her, her brown pigtails swinging against her cheeks from the motion. Up close, the bouncing reaction of her incredible basketball sized breasts immediately owned Sabrina's attention, though as an afterthought she noted how unladen her little jean shorts were - the girl was a breeder. "Yeah. I'm just a visitor."

Despite the girl's similar size Sabrina still had to look up to meet her gaze, for she stood perched on knee-high platform boots. As it was with most goddesses, her initial appearance belied her age and intelligence. Up close the presence in her eyes spoke of many more years of experience. "Welcome to the compound then. My name is Sabrina."

"Sabrina? Mine is Stacy. Say, what's your last name?"

"I haven't got a last name."

"Really?"

Sabrina nodded. "Though my master sometimes calls me 'Sabie'."

"Okay. Well you look like a Dennis, so I was just wondering. I mean you look like you have a lot in common with Diana, as well as Angela and Melissa, and... and..." She trailed off as she noticed how little attention Sabrina was paying to her words. Having not yet learned any sort of manners or decorum the little blonde was unguardedly admiring her spectacularly ballooned chest. The next thing Stacy noticed was the growing presence within the lower regions of her little dress, which was descending lower and gaining form. "Oh..."

"I've been looking for a new playmate. I think I'd really like you to be mine."

Stacy nodded, becoming tongue-tied as she watched Sabrina's member begin to rise against her dress, pulling it taut as it emerged into the open at a size that belied her slight stature. "Uh huh. Listen, um, that sounds great! Let's get out of here though. Come with me." She grabbed her hand and took off down the hallway.
