 Another installment for you guys. I'm guessing my previous author notes were deleted or something because they haven't shown up. This story might be about slavery but I don't intend to include rape or force.

This is a fantasy story, it's my own work. Please enjoy. Feel free to vote and comment.

T

Dumb founded Snake's mouth dropped open in a full on gawk. "You are a strange girl." 

"No I just don't have any way to compete with these other girls, and I won't be misrepresented by a man who doesn't know how to accentuate a woman's body."

The rest of that night had been full of lasering away unwanted hair, shaping her eyebrows, her hair was thoroughly washed then braided down her back. After Snake felt like he had indeed done all he could for the night Katia was given an outfit to sleep in, it had soft silk over her most private areas and lace everywhere else. The shorts were much too small, the curve of her butt cheeks could just be seen as she walked. The thin spaghetti straps of her top had trouble staying atop her shoulders. 

Snake kept her in his tent, she slept on a large cushion in the far back corner while Snake slept near the door on a cot of some sort. Katia was ordered to go to sleep, shutting her eyes she waited a few beats before slitting them open. Through her long lashes she watched as Snake touched his temple, at once his body shook violently then froze. His breath came out like he was hyperventilating. 

"Snake?" Katia whispered.

"Snake are you okay?" 

Tiptoeing over to his bed Katia reached out to touch him, stopping when she caught sight of his lips moving. Bending at the waist she held back her braid as her ear inched ever closer to Snake's mouth.

"...not necessary. Tomorrow we'll be in Dostania, have Sherone notified."

His whispers tickled the cusp of her ear. Leaning closer she tried to catch more of his sleep talking.

"...yes absolutely gorgeous, only the best for you."

Giggling Katia assumed he was dreaming of a lover. It would take one hell of a woman to tame a man like snake. Smiling and shaking her head Katia grabbed the blanket Snake had let fall to the floor, covering him back up Katia took a long look at her guardian. She couldn't bring herself to get past her prejudice of him, her whole idea of him had changed earlier.

Once she had snuggled back into her cushion Katia slept fitfully. Dreaming of a tall monster with bright turquoise eyes who hoarded shiny trinkets, his deep laugh echoed around his thick cave. He made Katia dance for him naked, spinning the balls of her feet. Spinning, spinning, until she fell on the floor panting. The monster roared at her, throwing huge stones towards her body. A stone collided with her face, it felt oddly soft... Not a stone but soft luxurious silk. Running itself around her belly grazing her upper thighs. A warm hand rubbed her back, sliding up her spine. The silk slid between her legs, creating an ache she'd never experienced.

Snake could hear Katia tossing on her cushion, picking up a grape from their morning platter he threw it at her hoping to rouse her. It bounced of her forehead succeeding in making her toss harder. Once he made his way to her Katia had pulled her top up exposing her tight stomach. Using this moment to tease his employer he touched Katia's temple linking her with her master.

Nikolai Grand Sulzar of the Western tribes felt a tickle at his temple. Groaning in frustration he touched the same spot, he saw a blond standing in his mental chamber, her eyes were closed and she was moaning. He saw her silk nightgown ride up her stomach her then it fell low again brushing her thighs, feeling the pale skin at her back he lead his hand up towards her neck while his eyes traveled down her loose braid of gold. Her moan of appreciation spurred him on, grabbing her shorts he pulled the material slightly making it rub against her sex. Her throaty gasp was followed by her leaving.

Moving back to reality Nikolai sent a small drone to the caravan's camp site, through a feedback screen he saw Snake and his "surprise" lying in bed glaring up at his employee. Settling back into a large chair at his breakfast table he watched the two interact.

"What the actual fuck! Where you watching me sleep?!" Katia felt even more violated than she had last night. Waking up horny, wet, and gasping in pleasure then looking up to see a tattooed perv standing over you wasn't the ideal way to start a day.

"No, I was trying to wake you up." 

A soft humming came in through the flaps of the tent, a silvery snowflake flying horizontally stopped just behind Snake, righting itself it showed what appeared to be one large eye blinking at Katia.

"What is that?" Having hugged her covers to herself on the drone's entry she flicked her chin in its general direction.

"A gift from your master."

"A gift? What kind of gift?" 

"I don't know everything, figure it out for yourself"

Snake marched over to the platter of food, he engrossed himself while Katia eyed the silvery thing suspiciously.

"It won't hurt me will it?" Her question had been directed at Snake, but a tinkling feminine voice came from the flake.

"Absolutely not!" The voice held a robotic like quality to it, the eye even opened a bit wider conveying some sort of poorly imitated emotion. Shock or maybe a hint of offense.

Deciding the flake was harmless Katia rose and made her way to the platter to eat alongside Snake. Before she could eat a piece of melon she was holding up Snake spoke.

"Your clothes for today are on in that chest, don't wear the white one it's for tomorrow." 

Popping the melon in her mouth and ignoring Snake, Katia became suddenly interested in the flake sitting in front of her on the table.

"What's your name?" 

"No name was issued."

"Everyone needs a name."

"Then give me one." The flake watched Katia, it's eye blinking and then narrowing almost daring her to try to think up a name.

"How about flakey?"

"How about Niki?" Snake finally spoke up, mumbling around a mouth full of meat.

"Oh that's adorable!" Katia squealed.

Niki's eye flashed red at Snake before focusing again on Katia.

"I don't see why I need to dress up for today, I'm not even meeting my master today. So why should it matter what I wear?"

"You'll be representing your master, you need to look your best at all times from now on." Barely giving her notice Snake continued. "Let Niki help you puck something out."

"Ugh!" Dragging her feet over to the chest Katia flung it open disdainfully. "These are atrocious! He wants me walking around half naked?! What kind of man is your employer anyway?"

Niki spoke up again,"He has a flare for the dramatic, he likes to show off his treasures..." 

A spark of interest flared up in Katia,"What's he like?" Toying with a pair of sheer pants she waited in earnest for an answer.

"What would you like to know?" Niki's robotic voice came from inside the chest, a thin claw extended from the silver body it pulled and sorted clothes.

"Is he nice?" The drone paused for a moment, swiveling to fix Katia with a stare.

"Why would it matter?"

"It doesn't, it would be easier to obey a nice master."

"He's very handsome..."

"I don't care about that!" Katia interrupted. "I would much rather an ugly or plain master who was kind than a handsome or gorgeous master who beats his slaves." A knot of fabric now sat in her lap. Her hands were shaking and her eyes were misting over.

"What are you afraid of?" The drone pulled a black outfit adorned with gold coins up with it. Holding them out to her it took the knotted up pants, unraveled them, then put them back in the chest.

"Everything. I'm scared he'll be mean, or that he won't like me and send me home, I'm scared of him going after my family." Grabbing up the clothes Katia moved behind a changing screen and proceeded to switch clothes.

Niki made a sound similar to a sigh,"Your master is one of the most respected men on Pagora. He got to be that way by leading his tribes by being strict but fair. He's been known to fund scholarship programs and leads an extensive trade company. He's a history buff, and an adventurous soul. Anything else you want to know?"

"I guess not..." Stepping out Katia's hips naturally swung from side to side, her chest defying gravity with little help. "How do I look?" She moved her hands around her stomach in a subconscious move to shield the view of her toned tummy.

"Lovely." Niki hummed in approval.

"Ugh! You look like a little girl playing dress up!" Snake strode forward from the table, gripping her wrist he pulled her to a pouf then pushed food into her lap. "Your hair will be dressed by your eunuch as we'll as your makeup, eat up while I break camp." 

She watched his back vanish out the dangling beads in the doorway. "He's not a very gentle man." 

"No but that's why he's been hired to fetch treasures." Niki hovered in front of Katia, stabbing a chunk of melon the drone brought it to her mouth to be eaten. Katia turned her head away opting instead to pluck it with the tips of her fingers before popping it in her mouth. "I'm quite capable of feeding myself thank you."

If a drone could look sheepish and perturbed at the same time Niki did in that moment. Rolling it's eye the silver mass watched diligently as Katia finished her food then helped to pack up camp. Only once did it try to interfere by asking,"Don't you think you should leave that to the men? You could get hurt?" An angry Katia forcefully swatted the pest away. Before raising her voice in answer,"Women are just as capable! I'm not fragile and I won't be a delicate woman who sits on her ass watching men work."

Nike watched from a distance the only utterance from the machine after that came whenever Katia cursed, a faint,"Such language!" Could be heard by most close to the drone.

Deciding to spite Snake, Katia once again chose to ride outside of the wagon. Her white skin was soon a screaming red, the burns from the day before almost going purple. A spastic humming could be heard from Niki who constantly shifted angles watching her skin burn. Snake could feel a tickle at his temple with each change of position from the drone. Eventually he could take no more. 

Signaling the wagon driver Snake took a moment to switch Katia to inside the wagon. She was followed in by Niki who toted a small cylinder of purple goo. 

"What is that?" Shaking the container she eyed the contents, small shimmers of light could be seen shining back at her, and a hint of green outlines the mass no matter where it went.

"It will heal your burns." Niki tried to open the container, failing with the small claw appendage.

"Here let me." Katia twisted then popped the top off, collecting a bit of purple on three fingers she smeared it on her forearm. The skin smoked as the purple turned black then fell away like ash, the skin beneath that had been covered before now had a soft sun kissed glow to it. Katia wasted no time in covering the other spots she could. 

Niki noticed a strip of skin that Katia had missed letting her know the drone watched as she tried and failed at covering it. 

"If I was there I'd get it for you."

Katia froze,"Niki are you a human?"

"No, I'm a drone."

"Is there a human controlling the drone?"

"Yes."

"Oh this is wonderful! I won't be so alone now! Do you live in Dostania?" Missed strip forgotten Katia bounced with excitement.

"No, but I do live on Pergora."

"Are you a slave?" 

"No."

"An employee like Snake?" 

"No."

"Member of military?"

"No."

Becoming exasperated Katia glared at the little machine,"Well then what are you?!"

"A friend." 

Katia softened up immensely towards Niki after that, treating the drone as a little pet. They passed the time by speaking of Pergora, Katia asked Niki to describe her new home and her imagination was over run by tales of spectacular parties, parades in the streets of Dostania, the dinners at her master's home that usually ended in a drunken blur, and lastly Niki described the stars that shown over the ocean.

"I like to go out late at night and watch the waves, they look like they're rocking the stars and planets to sleep. The round bodies of close planets shine bright with shades of blue and green one has a ring of deep yellow wrapped around it. One of my favorite things to do is to watch for falling stars. When they slam into the ocean you can see a cloud of pink and orange as it's inner fire is extinguished."

"It sounds beautiful, someday will you show me?"

"Yes, of course."

"How do I know you will?" Katia looked heartbroken at the prospect of not seeing the beauties Niki spoke of.

"I promise, when I promise nothing can make me break that oath, and I can not lie when I promise." 

A soft silence fell in the wagon, the two occupants accompanied by tents, cushions, extra blankets, and shiny wooden boxes. Watching out the window Katia could see a faint blue haze on the horizon, after an hour it turned into a large chunk, it continued to grow until it covered her vision from one peripheral to the other. She had to turn her head to not see blue.

The shore line came into view and with it the glimmering of the port city. Salt from the ocean had coated all the buildings in a layer of salt giving the city the illusion of being carved out of crystals. 

"Isn't it beautiful?" Katia crammed her head pout the wagon window to look more fully at the city going by.

"Come inside and draw the curtains!" Niki pulled the cord holding the heavy curtains back. "Stay inside, if you have to leave don't leave Snake's side. I don't want you near their filth." 

"Not a fan of things shinier than you?" Katia joked.

"I'm not a fan of people who pretend to be pure and highly ranked when really they cheat, steal, and tarnish all they touch." 

"What is this city's name?" 

"Oh they were very creative in picking the name, it's called Salt." Katia laughed at the drones sarcasm, Niki however was not amused moving in between the wagon door and Katia, Niki took up a stance like a guard dog. 

"Oh my hero! I'm sure anyone would be terrified at seeing a silver snowflake! The horror!" Katia pretended to faint, throwing herself on to the seat at her side.

"How old are you?" Niki's off the wall question led Katia to pause in her hysterics. Before she could answer the wagon lurched forward the thunder of horse hooves the only other audible sound. Fear over came Katia, she clutched the seat holding on with every fiber of her being silently wishing that this wasn't how she died.

"We're heading for the transit bay, just breath we'll be through in a wink." Niki wasn't kidding a flash of white shown under the thick curtains, if Katia had blinked she would've missed it. She was greeted by a whole new landscape when Niki threw back the curtains.

Sturdy cobbled roads made the wagons travel smoothly, three story buildings lined the walk way, merchants shouted out at passerby haggling prices to make a sale. The second sun blazed down on the beach city lightening the colors of the caravan and giving the atmosphere a cheerful characteristic.

"Why couldn't my master live her?"

"Pfft! Your master has the second most lavish home on Pergora their is. Excepting the Royal family's summer home."

The caravan entered an open area through high stone gates. One in the open space the movement came to a sudden halt. Snake came to the wagon and collected Katia, the two big men from the previous night, one lifted out the chest from the tent, and the other began unloading the rest of the cargo.

Snake led Katia towards a building lining the open space. Tiny blue flowers shaped like stars were in a pot by the door, their blossomed heads following them like eyes as they passed. The gaping front entrance was carved right into the wall, gliding inside Katia was greeted by the smell of perfumes and the sight was of a woman's home, thin drapes hung all about the room, plush cushions spotted the floor, and a tall woman was humming in the back corner as she pruned an herb bush. Once Katia had made it inside Niki had tucked away in Snake's pocket, proceeded to close it's eye and sleep soundlessly.

"Hello gorgeous!" Snake walked up to the woman and kissed her gently on the cheek. It was the first soft side of Snake that Katia had seen.

"Katia this is Sherone."

"Sharon?" Katia was slightly confused, Sherone sounded like a mans name.

"No dear, my name is Sherone." The woman walked forward grasping her hand in a large brown one, Katia had to angle her head back just to see Sherone's face. Sharp cheeks bones and thick dark makeup greeted her stare.

"Is Sherone a man's name?" Snake looked like he wanted to strangle Katia, his face clouded over with rage.

"Oh honey! It can be for which ever gender." Sherone's wide shoulders shook with her mirth.

"I'm sorry I've never heard a name like that before." 

"My mentor wanted me to have a name that was as unique as I am." Snake patted Sherone lightly on her forearm. 

"Dear where are your things? I'll get them put away for you, then in the morning when you two are finished you can set off right away." 

"Just down the hall, I'm having the rest sent over later."

"Can o help you with supper?" Katia didn't want to sit any more.

"Oh yes thank you." Sherone led Katia over to a kitchen and handed her a knife and vegetables to cut.

"You aren't afraid I'll kill you and make a run for it?" Katia waved the knife as she talked.

"Oh love I wouldn't be worth much of an untrained slave could over power me with a kitchen knife." Sherone set about dicing up a dark red meat with a practiced skill.

Niki's soft humming came from the door way. "Hello Sherone."

"Hello to you too."

"Oh you know Niki?!" Katia asked.

"Niki?" Sherone arched one manicured eyebrow.

"It was Snake's idea." Answered the drone.

"Ha! How clever!" Sherone giggled. "Make yourself useful and help Katia cut up some vegetables." 

Niki hovered over Katia's shoulder watching her closely, she slipped and nicked her finger. Niki freaked. "Sherone! Sherone! Help her!"

"Niki it's just a scratch." Katia washed her finger after refusing Sherone's help, after bandaging it she went back to work.

Later that night after the four had sat down to a delicious dinner dull of laughter and teasing Katia fell asleep on the couch. She woke up to raised voices in the hall. She could hear Sherone cussing someone out for being over protective. After a few minutes silence fell, Niki hummed back into view and Katia motioned for the drone to snuggle up with her. With Niki tucked into her arms she fell back asleep.

The next morning was a flurry of movement Niki had told Katia that it would be sleeping in her purse for the duration of that day. Katia was feeling the tiny drone's absence.

After Snake had Katia dress in her white outfit her mood turned sour. She had on a pale white wrap, it was literally a white piece of cloth that was wrapped around her body to create a dress. Held in place by strategically placing gold clasps. The dress crapped over one shoulder then barely covered her from mid breast to just under her rear. She complained and even tried begging to switch clothes. sherone and Snake both agreed her master would love the choice in clothes.

"Fine. Can we do the rest and be done with it?"

Softly grabbing Katia by the hand Sherone's pulled her down the hall after Snake and into an airy bedroom. They side stepped Snake and made their way to an impressive vanity. Sherone dressed Katia's hair; undoing her braid into soft waves, then pinning back the sides with gold clasps, a few strands of gold chain were tucked into her hair. Next came her make up. Sherone worked tirelessly on Katia's face, focusing on a "less is more" basis.
