 Maida grit her teeth as she lugged the heavily laden basket of potatoes back to her parent's house. The sun had not yet burned off the early morning fog and the young woman relished the cool mist. Summer had fully set in and the sun spared no mercy for those that worked the fields. Maida grunted and lifted the basket higher, lean muscles tensing under the load. Five strands of blond hair escaped the simple ribbon holding her hair back and she sighed as they lay against the front of her face. When blowing air at her hair failed to move them away from her eyes, Maida sighed again and lay her basket down.

The great keep with its towering wooden walls stood less than half a day's walk in the distance. The young woman watched the silent workers on the wall as she fixed her hair. As much as she hated pulling rocks and weeds, she would never join the men tending to the outside of the keep. Simple wooden platforms hung high above the ground with thick rope. Maida shivered and then knuckled her back before pressing her palm to her chest to pray to the Traveler for luck for the foolhardy men. Before she bent to her basket, she watched a group of horseback soldiers stream from the keep's open gate and then split off in multiple directions.

The farms, Maida thought. They're going for the farms. Two-by-two the men on horse rode hard for the outlying farms. She frowned, wondering if they were looking for someone - an escaped prisoner perhaps. Or, more likely, delivering news of raised taxes. Again. Maida frowned as she lifted her basket. Her silent curse for the local lord was said as no prayer. Lord Forun held the land in an iron grip and the high born inside the walls grew fat off of the back of the workers. As a child, she had dreams of living within the walls as a proper Lady. Now... now she wondered whether she'd even find a husband before her back was bowed and her skin was wrinkled.

The rest of her trip was uneventful as always and she began walking faster when a dull ache settled into her shoulders and back. The sun's harsh glare finally cut through the mist as she neared her small house. Two horses were tied to a small post by their front door and Maida could hear raised voices. Her father and mother and another man. She wondered if she should wait until they were done but she worried her father would think she was being lazy. She still bore the bruise on her back from the last time that happened. The young girl set her basket by the door and then entered.

The heated conversation inside the small house stopped as soon as the door opened. Maida's mother sat in the corner, silently shaking with tears. Her father stared stone-faced at the two men from the fort. The two soldiers turned to look at Maida. Both wore chainmail with the hawk crest for Lord Forun. The one closest to her was gray haired and he spoke but not to her.

"Is this the one?" He asked.

"Yes," her father answered. "My oldest girl."

Maida's mother hiccuped with a sob. "Please," she begged. "Please, no."

"Be quiet, woman!" Her father hissed. "She's old enough to marry and no man will offer! She's another damn mouth to feed when I have three others already!"

The older soldier looked Maida up and down and she wished her gray dress wasn't sloppy with mud. She felt herself unconsciously smoothing the wrinkles down the front. Her mind speculated wildly at what had gone on. Perhaps, she thought. Perhaps he is looking for a bride? He's older but handsome enough. And he has pips on his shoulder. Oh, why couldn't he have come earlier before I'd gone out?

"Fine," the old soldier said. Her mother wailed and then cried out as her father struck her hard across her face. The soldier strode forward and grabbed Maida by her upper arm. He was not ungentle with his grip. The younger soldier followed in the wake of his superior as they exited.

"Wait," Maida said, her voice trembling with fear of the unknown. "I... I have clothes and a few things. I-"

The soldier gripping her arm led her to the fine chestnut colored horse tied closest to the front door. "You won't need them. Have you rode before? No? I thought not. Hold tight to me and don't talk or you'll bite-"

"Wait!" Maida's father followed the men out of his house. He was larger than both but he shrunk back as the two men glared at him. "You said. You said there was coins."

The soldier holding her turned back to his horse. "Pay the man and then mount up. We need to be back."

The younger soldier grabbed a small bag from his belt. He sneered at Maida's father and tossed the bag on the ground. It burst open, spilling copper coins flew everywhere. The young soldier made for his horse while Maida's father dove for the coins, digging madly through the light mud. The old soldier mounted smoothly and then offered his hand to Maida. She gingerly reached for him and he pulled her up, his grip hard and sure. It took a moment for her to arrange her dress to cover herself and she was sure it ripped as her legs spread. Her mother would be furious.

"You said there was silver!" Her father looked up at the two men on their horseback.

The younger man spat down on the ground and half-drew his sword, stopping only when his commander held out his hand. Sheathing his sword, the soldier spat again. "Be thankful I don't take your fool head for calling us liars. One. One silver piece. Dig for it in the mud. That's what you dirty pigs do out here, isn't it?"

-----

The three rode hard for the fort and Maida clutched her man hard. As they approached the walled town, Maida began to hear the noise and talk of people working and going about their business. Roosters crowed, pigs oinked and a few rare ducks quacked from small cages atop loaded carts. All being led into the city. Four more riders joined them and each had a young girl or woman behind them. All of the women shared a look of confusion as they were led into the fort.

Maida had only been to the market near the gates so as soon as they left that area, she stared in wonder. Even the muddy streets were lined with straw while most of the pathways were clean. Fancy dressed men and women strolled about or were carried in carriages. A small, child-like part of her wondered yet whether she was being brought to wed but now she grew scared. It made no sense for the soldiers to round up so many young girls all at once.

The horse slowed to a walk so Maida chanced a question. "Please, sir, what is happening?"

"It's not my right to say. We're there soon." The old man grimaced and then yelled at a small child playing too close to his horse.

Round and round the small group continued to go as more and more riders joined them. Soon, the lord's keep lay straight ahead. People, high born and not, scrambled out of the way of the twelve soldiers as they formed into three lines. They all stopped short of the keep's tall doors and then dismounted. Each woman was helped down from the horse - some gently, some not. Maida eyed the lot of them, crowing quietly in delight that none appeared as pretty as she was. Although, a few were dressed better, perhaps. Here and there. But, none so slender of neck or high of cheekbone. Maida's soldier stepped to the front and the rest of the men slammed their closed fist to their chest in salute.

"Form lines and follow my lead. Quickly now!" And, with that, they entered the keep. Maida marveled at the paintings on the walls and how cool it felt. Young ladies tittered at the group behind lace fans and painted faces. Maida's momentary pride in her features fell quickly and she felt shame rise to her cheeks. No. I am quite plain after all, she told herself.

Everyone paused in front of large bronze doors. Her soldier (captain, the other men said) slammed on the doors with the hilt of his sword. After a moment, the doors swung open, revealing the keep's great hall. At the very end of the hall she could make out Lord Forun. At least, she assumed that's who it was. It was his keep, after all. All of the soldiers marched their women to the center of the room and then stopped. The man on the ornate stone seat stood and the soldiers went to their knees. One by one the women also bowed to bent knee. Maida's soldier, the older one, walked to stand by the lord's seat.

With a surprisingly melodious voice, the lord spoke. "Make them sit." The more intelligent women sat quickly. The slower ones were forced to sit by tugs and pulls. Maida looked shyly at the much hated lord. He was perhaps middle aged, graying with a widow's peak and very, very well fed. His clothes looked to be made of velvet and Maida felt jealousy rise like bile from deep within. Every time she'd been allowed to go to market, she visited the old woman that sold fabrics. And every time, she marveled over the feel of them all. Silk, velvet and more. But, she particularly loved the feel of velvet. She'd rub the fabric against her face with her eyes closed until the shopkeep began to glare at her.

Now the lord strolled among them, nose hidden behind a scented kerchief. Two soldiers stayed with the group while the rest fell back to line the walls. Maida bowed her head when the lord stopped to look at her. Was it just her fancy or did he appear to stay near her the longest? Finally, the man retired to his throne.

"Some of you may wonder while you're here. Most, no doubt, worry about your livelihood. Or your parents or brother or sisters. Worry no longer." The lord paused to sniff at his kerchief. "There is a dragon nearby."

The women gasped, hands to throat. The woman seated in front of Maida fainted and Maida caught her, gently laying her back down.

"I'll not cut hairs. You're to be sacrifices. All of you. One at a time until the beast is sated and leaves. You-"

An older woman shrieked and stood. Her eyes were wild and she pulled at her hair. With no other words, she made a run for the doors at the entrance to the hall.

Maida's soldier's voice rang loudly in the hall. "Men! Restrain that-"

The lord spoke and the captain fell silent. "Kill her. We've plenty more." Maida caught a brief glimpse of anger in her soldier's eyes.

The younger soldier that rode with Maida hefted a nearby spear and then, with a grunt, threw it full force at the wild women. It took her square in the stomach and the woman howled and tumbled awkwardly. Maida had a memory of her little brother spinning his wooden top and remembering it wobble and clatter made her think of the dying women.

The lord tsk'ed. "Someone shut her up, please. I've no time to listen to the wailing of women. If I wanted that, I'd bed my lady wife." Maida heard the sick crunch of bone and then a wet gurgling noise. "Now, again, it is your duty to your lord to give life and land when told and now you shall. I'll waste no time. You there. You." The lord pointed directly at Maida. "You shall be first as the prettiest of the lot. Perhaps that will appease the monster. You and you," the lord pointed at two soldiers on the wall. "Shall escort the woman. Now-"

The captain stepped forward and spoke. "My lord. I would take their place."

The lord cocked his head at the captain. He stroked a non-existent mustache while he thought. "Are you sure, captain?"

The old man went to his knee. "Yes, lord."

The fat man shrugged. "So be it. Pick one of the carts of food and take the girl. Leave now. The rest are to be taken to the cells below until as such time as they're needed."

Maida felt in a daze. She heard women crying around her as they were led off and she felt a hand on her arm but everything seemed a blur. Sounds, smells, voices - all a blur. Until, suddenly she was outside the keep. Maida now wore a simple white dress. Rather than horseback, she rode in a cart filled with small animals and crates of food. The captain rode next to her.

For the longest time, nothing was said. The captain stared straight ahead but finally spoke. "I'm sorry. I think this is a fool idea and it wasn't right to take you. Or any of the women. It's a mad plan doomed to failure."

When Maida tried to speak, she found her throat seized by fear. Now, suddenly away from the fort and in the countryside, on her way to a dragon, now her tears came. She felt the captain's hand squeeze her leg and she wished he would hold her and tell her it would be okay. Or to let her go.

Time passed and Maida's dread built. She tried to look at the sun and the trees and the earth in an attempt to have one last look before she was killed but her head ached from her tears and she just wanted to sleep. She opened her eyes when the cart jerked to a stop. The captain whistled quietly. "Oh, Father, look at the size of that thing."

And, she did. In the valley below them, a massive red dragon lay in the sun. Maida shielded her eyes from the sun shining off of the thing's scales. She couldn't even guess at how large it was. The fort was the biggest thing she knew and the dragon would easily fit within but... if it stood, it would easily stand taller than the massive walls encircling the fort. Thick black wings lay against the beast's side and even from here she could see it breathing. It had an array of short horns around the crest of it's head and it's long mouth was bigger than a man. Bigger than two men standing astride each other. Maida couldn't see its legs but the thing's tail was curled against its side. The tip of the tail flared into a thick triangle of scales. Large spikes lined the thing's back and they moved in a wave as it breathed.

"Father," the captain whispered. "Father above, give me strength." He glanced at Maida. "Give us both strength."

The horse whinnied nervously but moved when the captain struck it with a rod. Closer and closer they crept until the horse drawing their large cart simply stopped moving. No strike or word of cajoling would move it again so the captain dismounted and then offered his hand to Maida. She stepped down and then fell against the captain and her face was hot with shame and tears and fear.

"Please. Please, sir," she begged. "Please let me leave. Tell the lord the dragon swallowed me whole but let me leave." Finally she felt the old man wrap his arms around her. He kissed the top of her head gently.

"I cannot. I am bound by my oaths as we all are. Come with me, girl." She came and the fear left her. Everything left her.

The air in front of the dragon's head wavered and Maida could feel the heat of it. It's belly was lined by black scales in rows that disappeared under its body. She could now see the muscular legs tucked underneath. Its eyes were closed and the jutting bone above each eye was lined with scales and horns. The creature's lips were segmented, scaled and black. Faint smoke occasionally puffed from the huge nostrils and Maida wondered if she could fit within one. She looked for ears and found holes at the crest of its head, hidden behind more horns. It looked like its skull extended out in a flat, wide bony protuberance that overlapped its neck.

The captain stopped short. "Now what the hell do I-"

The dragon's eyes faintly clicked open. Huge vertical pupils dilated in the afternoon sun. Maida felt her heart tremble and her legs falter but the captain's hand gripped her tight.

"Lord Beast," the captain shouted. "I am-"

The dragon's mouth opened and a blast of heat roared over them. Dagger-like teeth, each as large as a small man and strikingly white, gaped through the maw. A large, black, split tongue worked behind the teeth and the creature sat up, pushing itself up with its front claws until it looked down upon them.

I am no beast. It rumbled. Maida knew there was no way it had made the words. The thing's mouth stayed open and the tongue lay quiet. Why are you here? Maida felt her skull vibrate and she wondered if she'd boil where she stood.

"We," the captain faltered. "We bring you tribute. To save our lands."

The dragon blinked with a click and its pupils shrank. To save them from what?

"From," the captain looked at Maida, as if she could answer for him. "From your royal self."

The earth rumbled around them in waves. The dragon's head pulled back and Maida could see its belly shaking. Laughing. It was laughing at them.

Of course. From myself. And why have you brought the female?

"She is to be a sacrifice. Our lord had heard that a sacrificed woman might appease-"

Would you die for your fellow men?

"I-"

Would you? Man of metal? Would you die for them if it kept me from killing everyone you know and love?

The captain bowed his head. "Yes." Maida looked at him. The man's eyes were tired. "Everyone I knew... for everyone I have loved are already dead."

And you, woman? Would you die for them?

Yes, her mind told her. You say yes now. Like he did. Now is when you do it. "I..." Maida swallowed. "I don't want to die." She whispered.

No. Of course you don't. You did not choose this, did you?

"No," Maida said with bowed head.

Sir knight. Tell your people that I will accept your sacrifice. Leave us now and never return. For your sake and hers, they are spared.

The captain bowed and then leaned into Maida. "I am truly sorry." He hugged her quickly and then turned and left.

Maida fell to her knees. Her head ached badly from her tears and her heart hurt. The dragon watched her while the captain left. She heard the horse stomp and whinny and then break into a gallop. Her last shred of hope fled her as he did.

What shall I do with you?

Maida looked up. "What... what do you mean?"

They suppose I shall eat you. I shan't. You are not wild. You are not free. You're the same as the small animals on that cart. Caged and made for sacrifice. If not me then in servitude to the lord. Or to your mate. Long have I lived and much have I learned of your people. Of you humans. Man and woman. Better for you if I ended your life here than for a man to take you.

An anger arose within her. "It's not like that!" She shouted.

No?

"No-" Maida thought of her mother. She thought of all the times her father struck her poor mother for daring to speak different. For trying to keep her children safe. "No," she finished, defeated.

You all make cages for yourselves. Your unions. Your forts. Your treaties and homes. Is that what you wish? A pretty cage for you?

"No."

And what is for you, woman? What is your want?

"When," Maida paused. "When I was a child, I wanted to live in the fort. I got to see it today. The pretty ladies all made up. The lord on his seat. I... There was no place for me. They looked at me with disgust and pity and like I wasn't a person at all. My father beat me and favored his sons, my brothers. I work from before sunlight to after sundown to eat half of what my brothers and father eat. I slave and I work and I... I... I get sold for a bag of coins! Sold away like a pig at a market! And my proud father on his knees looking for the silver promised to him. That... that is my worth. A thing. Meat to be sold so they can live another day. I'm tired."

The dragon's wings flared out to his sides, blocking the sun. The dragon roared and Maida covered her ears from the pain of it.

Your anger fills me, woman. We dragons, we few that are left are free! We are no one's meat! We hunt. Male and female. If a male mistreats a female, she punishes him greatly and he learns or dies. We are proud and free and the world is ours. To fly. To meld the world around us with the ancient words. To soar above everything and look down upon everything. We. Are. Free!
