 Content Advisory: This story contains elements of incest and transgender sex. All characters are over 18 years old and all events are fictional... 

*

Oh god! That hard cock in my ass is incredible! My tits bounce up and down as my dad holds me up by my thighs. My back slides against his sweaty chest as he lifts me up and down. My ass is so completely filled when he drops me down, impaling me on his massive cock. Then then as he draws me back up the emptiness leaves me so eager for the next thrust. Then he drops me and I'm filled again. This is so incredible! more! More! MORE! "More daddy! Give me More!!!"

I could feel my pussy clenching, grasping at air as I came again and again to my daddy's throbbing cock in my ass.

Oh, oh ya... I was... I was telling a story, wasn't I?

*****

So I needed a gift for my girlfriends birthday. I had found a weird little antique shop, in a back alley surrounded by abandoned shops. The cute middle eastern girl who worked told me she had the perfect thing for my girlfriends birthday and went to get it from the back.

Mira, her name was, came walking back a few minutes later, with something cradled in her hands. She set it down on the counter and I got my first look at... at... " OK, I don't know what the hell that is." I said. Mira Just gave me a smile and explained.

"This is a Sumerian puzzle box." She explained. " You just move these metal panels on the sides, and press in when you think you have it right. Hold down one point on each side, and it opens."

I just looked at her blankly for a full minute before responding. " Uhh... Isn't Sumeria thousands of years old?"

"Yes."

"And wouldn't an artifact from there be worth a fortune?"

"Oh, of course!"

" Well then, and follow me on this... Why should I believe a word your saying?"

"Oh, you shouldn't. It's complete bullshit. My uncle makes these, but he insists that I tell people that and, honestly, it's kinda sad how many people actually fall for it. But it makes a nice jewelry box, and it's only 15 bucks." She smiled as she said it, and I couldn't help smiling back. But it wasn't really what I was looking for.

"Um, I don't think that is going to cut it, see I really wanna impress my girlfriend with this gift." So maybe she'll finally fuck me, I thought.

Mira just stared at me for the longest time. She had a weird look on her face and the awkward silence was starting to make me fidget. Though she still had a little half smile, her eyes were starring intently into mine. Finally, as I was about to say I would try looking somewhere else, she spoke.

" I do have a few Special Items, but I'm not allowed to sell those to just anyone. They can be tricky in the wrong hands, and there way more expensive then the junk out here. But I like you Chris. If you'll promise to pay close attention to any warnings we give you, and provided my grandfather approves, I think I may have something that could really... Impress... your girlfriend. Though there is a Price to pay, but we can come back to that later. So, if your interested, you can follow me into the back."

Mira turned around and headed down the narrow little hallway. I was seriously hesitant to follow because not only was everything she said a little weird, but her voice had gotten a little intense by the end. I glanced at the door to the outside, with the strangest feeling that I would only get this one opportunity to leave. When I looked back I could see Mira down the hall. 

Just as she turned to enter the side room I saw her slip her panties slowly down her legs, and kick them into the corner. My feet just sorta started following her all on their on their own at that point.

*****

"Oooh Daddy! Cum inside my ass! Please!" My dad continued to pound my ass with his cock as I hung in the air. My breast were so out of control they actually slapped me in the face a couple times. Slap, slap, slap, slap, as his cock slammed into my round ass again and again.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you! Oh god Fuck me, fuck me fuck me daddy!" I screamed. He let my legs slide down, so his elbows were in the backs of my knees, and reached up to cup my breasts with his hands. Then he slammed me against the wall hard enough to make me cry out, and started to ruthlessly savage my ass. It was fantastic.

Pressed up against the wall my dad fucked me in the ass like a madman. He nibbled on my neck and squeezed by breasts well pounding into me over and over. I was moaning, and crying, and cumming all at once. It hurt, and it felt so good at the same time. He was ramming into me with all the force he could, going in and out so fast it was like he thought he'd die if he slowed down. You know, we never really spent so much father son time together when I was a boy.

You might not think it to look at us right now, but I'm actually kinda upset with my dad at the moment. Not about the ass fucking, I'm actually grateful for that, it's just that... well, I'll get back to the story and you'll find out in a little while.

*****

I followed Mira into the back of the shop and step into a room that smelled heavily of incense. I was surprised, cause this room was as big as the front, though that still wasn't very big. It was made up like an apartment, with a little kitchenette in one corner, and a narrow stairway that led up to a second floor. 

Mira was leaning over, whispering to someone sitting in a recliner. It looked like it was an old man but I couldn't see him very well with her standing there. And in all honesty I wasn't trying very hard. With Mira bent over like that, I could see every inch of her smooth brown legs, and where her dress started, I could see the beginning of the curve of her ass and just a hint of her pussy lips peeking out. I was so focused on that beautiful sight that when Mira stood up and turned back around I actually jumped, turning bright red with embarrassment.

"Chris, this is my grandfather, Mr. Han. Grandfather, this is Chris."

She introduced us, and I got my first good look at the old man and.. and he was freaking Chinese. "What the hell?" oh shit, I said that part out loud.

Mr. Han was looking irritated, and Mira started talking to fill the growing awkward silence. "Grandfather has agreed to sell you one of our rare Items for a reasonable price, provided you perform a few small tasks and..." "Rent, actually!" Mr. Han interrupted. " I said you could rent one, if you perform the required tasks." Mira just looked nervous well her grandfather was speaking.

"Um... I'm not sure renting my girlfriends birthday present is a good idea." I muttered noncommittally.

"If you are... Unsatisfied with any aspect of the gift, we'll give you double your money back." Mr. Han responded, with a hint of contempt in his voice.

I was confused by pretty much everything that was going on at this point, so I started to back up to the doorway, mumbling something noncommittal and trying to think of some way to get out of this. Seeing my hesitation, Mira gave her grandfather a pleading look and, at a reluctant nod from him, launch herself at me, wrapping her arms around me. I could feel her breath on me as she looked into my face. I could feel her breasts pressed against my chest, and I could feel the heat radiating from between her legs.

"Listen" she said. "I promise this will make everything in your life better. And if it doesn't" she leaned in and whispered into my ear. "I Will make it up to you... Any... Way... You... Wont." And she stuck her tongue in my ear then quickly nibbled on my earlobe. Good sales pitch.

In retrospect, I probably should have been more weirded out that she would act like this in front of her own grandfather, or that she was that eager to sell me something, but at the time all of my cognitive processes were being handled by my cock.

" Uh... I..I...Uh, I... Sure. Uh, ya I guess." I stuttered, while my breathing bordered on hyperventilation.

*****

I felt my dad start to tense up. He gave me four, five, six more thrust and I could tell he was close. I put all my concentration into squeezing my ass around his cock. I could feel every vein and ridge as it slid in and out of me. The thrusts slowed down, but I could feel my dad gaining intensity. I bit my lip, clenching for all I was worth, trying to will the cum out of my dad's huge cock.

He squeezed my breasts savagely, bit into my shoulder, and bottomed out as deep into my ass as he could go. Which I think was somewhere in the vicinity of my lungs. Then he started to fill my ass with his copious Semen. It seemed to go on for hours, his hot cum filling up my bowels, though I knew it could only be seconds. He drew back a little and I felt the hot cum spurting into my ass, over and over.

When it was finally over, my dad let me down. My legs would have given out, but he held me up by my shoulders. He was a little taller then me, and a lot more muscular then my male form was, so it was no problem for him to hold me up by my shoulders, his cock still buried a mile deep in my ass. He kissed my neck, and gently massaged my breasts, slowly running his hands down my sides until he could cradle my hips. He carefully pulled me back onto his cock then pushed my off a few times, gently milking the last of his seed into my willing ass. With the last of it drained, he pulled me off of his cock, and I felt his jism start to slide out of me and down my leg.

He turn me to face him. He gave me a gentle kiss on the forehead and told me he loved me. He never said that when I was a boy, but that's just cause my dads old fashioned. He doesn't think a man should say that to another man.

When he let me go, I slid down his body, resting my head against his thigh, turned toward his hanging cock and gave the side of it a gentle kiss and said " I love you to daddy."

*****

"Alright, enough foolishness from you kids." Mr. Han said. " It'll be 75 dollars up front, and my daughter will extract the rest of the price. Ilyana! Get down here!." 

I looked to the stairs as I heard someone coming down. Mira was still tangled up around me, and I noticed that at some point my left hand had started cupping her ass. I quickly let go, and Mira just as quickly grabbed my hand and put it back. I would have let go again, but I was distracted by the vision that came down the stairs.

She looked a lot like Mira, but obviously more mature. Her skin was just a touch lighter then Mira's, and her eyes were just a little slanted. Her hips were more rounded and her ass was much bigger. And her tits were huge, and standing out proud. She wore a pair of loose sweat pants, and absolutely nothing else. 

Her breasts were amazing, with almost no hint of a sag. Without realizing it, my other hand grabbed Mira's other ass cheek and pulled her into me, grinding against her.

Noticing the direction of my gaze, Mira smiled up at me, pulled back a little... and then kneed me in the crotch. While I hunched over moaning I saw her turn around and say 

"Hi mom."

To Be Continued...