 Caroline woke up around mid afternoon. The good thing about being an X-tress was that the hours were flexible; you could do as many was you wanted, or as little as you liked. As long as the agency got a cut they didn't care. Yawning, she stretched out and decided to take a shower.

She closed the shower door. "On, normal," She said out loud, and water washed over her from various directions. Thanks to the income from x-ting she had managed to get a customised shower that could spray water from almost any conceivable direction. You could also set voice commands for anything that you wanted. Caroline closed her eyes and let the shower do it's work, the water massaging her tired muscles and refreshing her. Inevitably her thoughts turned towards work again. 

How long could she keep doing porn for? Viewers didn't discriminate against porn x-tresses and neither did studios, in fact, some porn x-tresses who had made the transition found that they became more popular because it became easier for the viewer to fantasise about them. Funny how the mind works sometimes. All Caroline could do was pay the bill, and do whatever she had to do until she could get that elusive big break. After all, it wasn't that bad a job. Sometimes she would interact with someone she actually liked, and she didn't have to play a part as much as just let her impulses carry her along.

"Fun." A soft jet of water splashed up from the floor, and she positioned herself over it. A moment later another jet aimed towards her breasts. This was her favourite function of the shower, a setting to satisfy her natural needs. She massaged her breasts as the water ran over them, and played with her nipples with her fingers. The water between her legs gently massaged her pussy, almost as soft as a tickle, and she felt her body start to tingle. Eventually she gave in, and let the water play over her as she remembered past experiences,

Her favourite had occurred a few months ago. A last minute job had came in just as she was about to leave for the day, so she had decided to take it. A moment later she was standing in a field, wearing a light blue dress. A gentle hilly landscape lay in front of her. She was standing on a grassy knoll surrounded by golden corn fields. In the distance she could hear the sounds of workers laughing and joking, and a gentle breeze rippled the fields as she looked on. The evening sun looked down on her, and she heard a voice from behind her, "Caroline I presume?" She turned and looked at her client. He was a handsome man, perhaps around 30, standing at six feet tall with tanned skin, bright blue eyes and light brown hair. He was dressed casually, a blue denim shirt tucked into a pair of jeans.

"My name is Joe," He stepped forward and lifted her hand up to his mouth to give a soft kiss. "Pleasure to meet you," I hope you like the scene I've chosen for this"

"It's beautiful!" Caroline looked around again, feeling her dress move with the breeze. "I've never been in a scene as nice as this."

"Well then there's a first time for everything. Come and sit with me." 

Joe stood aside to reveal a large picnic blanket laid out on the floor. "Unfortunately food cannot be simulated, so we'll have to make do with the pleasure of each other's company. if you can stand to talk to me for a while."

"How can I begrudge such a charming man?" Caroline replied, and allowed herself to be led to the makeshift cover. She couldn't quiet believe what was going on in front of her. Experiences like these were somewhat of a legend among porn x-tresses, that one day they would meet a wonderful man who would treat them like real people and romance them instead of the usual mechanics that took place. Determined to enjoy it while it lasted she sat down with Joe and smiled at him.

The time passed quickly as they found themselves engrossed in conversation. Joe was a charming man, well educated, humourous and handsome, and Caroline found herself enchanted by him. She couldn't believe that such a wonderful man would have to resort to finding an x-tress to satisfy him. "Why are you doing this?" She asked the next time there was a lapse in the conversation. "You're a wonderful man. Why do you need to find an x-tress like me to do something like this?" He sighed, "My dear, despite my qualities I have yet to find a woman who appreciates them as much as you do. My wife displayed the ignomy of leaving me for another man about a year ago, and since then I have been alone and miserable." She smiled at the joke. "And now I find myself here, initially expecting a woman who would merely satisfy my needs, and instead I find a lovely lady who is willing to put up with my conversation as well!" 

Caroline giggled with the joke, but then she felt something else. "I guess I'd better give you what you're here for then." With that she leaned forward, pulled her face towards his and kissed him. Their tongues entwined with their shared passion, and she felt his hands roaming over her body as they kissed. He eased her back so that was lying on her back, and then pulled his lips from hers. "I want to enjoy this moment," he said, and with that he descended down her body. Easing the straps of her dress off, he softly nibbled at her neck, using his lips to suckle while his tongue trailed lightly over her skin. Presently her dress was at her waist, and his hands were gently massaging her breasts while his tongue flicked over her nipples, teasing them with almost invisible touches before surrounding them with his lips and sucking gently.

After what seemed like an eternity he decided to move further down her body. She kicked the dress off with her legs as his tongue left a trail over her stomach and down towards her crotch. He paused with his mouth over her, and she felt his warm breath tickle her already flushed velvet lips. When his tongue pressed onto her Caroline couldn't control herself any longer, and let her sexual tension dissolve while he pushed his tongue into the cleft of her labia and play with her protruding clitoris. 

Joe eased a finger into her pussy, and felt her muscles contract as her orgasms over-lapped and overcame her. She gasped and moaned as his combined ministrations prolounged her pleasure, hundreds of pent up orgasms from unsatisfying virtual experiences merging in that one moment. Eventually she couldn't take it anymore and pushed his head away. "I need a break," She panted. "Please, stop for a moment."

Joe looked surprised. "I thought I hardly touched you?"

"Trust me, it was enough." She looked at his eyes and saw his disappointment. "Thank you so much!" He sat up. "I'm always ready to please a lady," he said, smiling. Caroline looked at the source of her pleasure decided it was time for a bit of payback.

"Lie back." She sat up, "Now it's my turn to please you." Joe lay back, and Caroline planned her attack. She leaned forward to kiss him, almost tasting herself on his lips as she unbuttoned his shirt to reveal a well toned chest. Sitting up, she rubbed her fingers over his chest, admiring his body, extending lower and lower until she was almost at his waist. Unzipping his jeans, she revealed a fully erect cock. Looking at it she thought she'd seen bigger, but it was more than enough for her to play with. She put her hand on it, and heard him let out a small gasp.

"Is this what you like?" She leaned forward and flicked her tongue over the head of his cock. "Oh yes," Joe looked up at her with a strained expression. "Good." She ran her tongue along his shaft, bathing his cock in her saliva until it was almost fully covered. Then she looked up at him again. "Do you like that?" Her hand stroked his cock as he looked up again. "Oh God yes! Please don't stop." Joe eyes pleaded with hers as she used her other hand to grip his balls, gently running her fingers over them, feeling the shape of them as his body shuddered in response. "What about this?" She asked teasingly. "Do you like me to play with your balls like this?" Joe could only nod in response. She grinned, "Well how about this?" She leaned down and replaced her hands with her mouth, licking his balls and then taking them into her mouth and sucking gently. All the while she kept stroking his cock, using her thumb to rub the tip, feeling his precum trickle out.

Looking up again she could see Joe had his eyes closed and was breathing heavily. She stopped stroking his cock and could see him look up with a pained expression. "Just kidding...." She smiled and moved her head down to take his cock into her mouth. Caroline heard his groan as she sucked on his cock, swirling her tongue around it, letting her saliva lubricate the movements as she bobbed her head up and down. On every movement she took more and more of his cock into his mouth, until she had fully engulfed it and it was pressing into her throat. Pulling her mouth off she quickly straddled him and held his cock in her hands as she lowered until it was at her pussy lips.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" Joe looked at her again and nodded. "Do you want this?" She moved her hips, letting her pussy lips tickle the head of his cock. "I thought so..." Lowering herself, she let the head of his cock enter her, and began to move up and down on it. Keeping her eyes open, she could see Joe groan as she teased him with the potential of full entry. Then she stopped suddenly, and engulfed him in one sharp movement. She rested for a moment, tensing and relaxing her muscles to squeeze his cock, and then she started to slowly ease up and down his length. He reached up to play with her breasts as she slid up and down, and Caroline started to feel the beginnings of an orgasm growing inside her. 

He moved his hands down to her hips, and started to thrust to meet her downward movements. She could hear him moan, and his thrusts became more urgent, and she felt her own climax approaching. All she could feel was his erect cock pounding into her, and all she could hear was the sounds of it pushing in and out, coated with her juices. Suddenly he groaned loudly and she felt his cock contract, and she had a screaming orgasm to match his as he pumped his load into her.

Caroline almost collapsed in the shower.

To Be Continued....