 Sacrifices were never part of my village's rituals. In fact, I can't think of a single time in our history teachings that the word sacrifice was ever used beyond self-sacrifice of perhaps a martyr or something. In either case, I suppose I really couldn't consider myself a sacrifice either. Perhaps hostage or spoils of war would be a better term. In either case, the story I'm about to tell you is going to seem fanciful and unreal, but believe me, for as fictional as everything sounds, it's very real.

My name is Mary; I am the first daughter of the seventh leader in our clan. I have two younger sisters and a brother, a good five years spanning our ages apart. I was considered a blessing in many ways when at first my mother had miscarried three times. I was eagerly spoiled and the beauty I gained from both my parents added to my position within our town. I was home one afternoon, cleaning out what my family's home when the screaming started. The world we lived in had long ago been ravaged by war and what remains of that time and world are merely considered scenery. The great pyramids that had shadowed over the land my father had moved the clan to had merely been thought unimportant. And, perhaps, that was our mistake.

The screams escalated in sound as I watched shadows passed by the curtained window, running fast and away from west side of the village, where the pyramids were standing. I heard hungry growls and the scuffle of fighting but didn't understand any of it. Tribes around here were practically nonexistent. Many didn't want to live in such dry conditions. So, the thought that an enemy had come upon us seemed absurd. Setting down the broom I had been using, I marched to the door, hesitant in my reaching to open it but I had to know what was going on.

When the door opened, my shock was great. Creatures gray of flesh were racing back and forth through the streets. They had the head of a jackal and their legs were shaped in the form of the hind legs of a dog. Their torso was that of an overly muscled man, with wide shoulders and powerfully built arms. They carried swords and were adorned in gold plated collars and manacles, plus fine quality linen that covered the more private area of a person's body. I had little idea what to do, these creatures seeming to be something unnatural. Something that should be unreal but I watched as a young warrior of my clan was slain not ten feet from my home, I knew they were very real.

Slamming the door shut, I hurried to push the bar in place before pulling the shutters closed and locked over the windows. There were no weapons in the house and I could only think to take the broom before running upstairs. Since my family had been leaders of the clan for some time, our wealth showed. Mirrors lined the walls and mimicked my motions as I hurried to barricade myself in what seemed like the most appropriate spot, the master bedroom.

The bed was on a raised platform, thus easy to crawl beneath. I tried not to sneeze as the dust swirled around me, staining the white sarong I wore, which was common wear for any female of the village. I kept the broom before me to help hide my position beneath the bed, but as I peeked out through the rounded bristles I could see myself in a large mirror parallel to my position. I could see my luminous blue eyes, wide with fear, my nearly white blonde curls falling in front of my face and over my shoulders, disguising the delicate features of the heart shape face, and the slender form. I wasn't hidden well, that much I could see but just as I thought to move, the crash of the door downstairs stilled my movements.

It was the longest period of time in my life. My breath kept hitching and I waited as I listened to the pristine house become ransacked. I thought, perhaps, they might not check upstairs but just as it seemed my hopes would come true, the soft treed of footsteps could be heard entering the room. I tried to swallow down my whimper, tried to regulate my breathing so it would not be noticed, but my body didn't want to cooperate. 

I watched with morbid fascination as a creature similar to the one I had seen outside my home searched around the room, nose pointed in the air as if taking in the scents. It blew out a breath of air and gave a shake of its head after a minute and moved further around the bed, searching. I tried to determine what it was looking for, thinking it was going my mother's jewelry box, which rested atop the bed's headboard, when the creature suddenly crouched down before me, filling my vision with the image of a snarling face of a dog.

A scream ripped through my throat and I tried to back up, even as a powerful hand thrust into the small space and grabbed my arm, pulling me out and up to my feet. The creature stood a towering seven foot over my five foot three inches and I could only sob as it looked me over. The hand held powerfully tight to my upper arm, bruising the soft golden skin. Its other hand reached out, absently touching at my curls then brushing over my face before yanking the knot of the sarong free.

The fabric fluttered down around my feet as I gave a startled cry, trying to protect myself from the beast's gaze. I was given a good shake for that, while the teeth snapped close to my ear, a vicious growl finally stilling my motions. I couldn't stop as I softly sobbed, feeling the hand of the creature slide over my soft, slightly curved belly, moving up to cup the lush mounds of my breasts, seeing how easily they filled his palm.

My body reacted in a way I never expected and I felt the rush of pleasure, the tingling thrill that centered in my pussy, commanding the sweet moisture to gather there. I knew this feeling well for many nights I had created such a feeling in my body, preferring to keep myself a maiden until the right man came along and provide my own pleasure for the time. Yet, this feeling was stronger, more potent than any I had created in myself.

I felt the humiliated flush enter my cheeks, my eyes focused down on the strong fingers as they manipulated my flesh. I distantly noted that what I assumed was gray flesh was gray fur and that only the palm and fingertips were bare of this fur, calloused instead. It created a plethora of feelings inside of me, bringing forth a soft moan as soft fur tickled the sensitive skin of my breasts and rough fingertip circled and plucked at my nipple, drawing the rosy bud to a hard point.

My back arched into the hand, my eyes finally closing against the scene, just wanting the pleasure to continue. I was barely aware of the soft rumble of the creature in return for my acceptance before backing me up against the wall. There, I stood trembling as the creature nuzzled my neck, the cold nose a vivid contrast to the hot puffs of breath that showered my skin, making me squirm as my juices gathered more between my legs. The hands continued to skillfully torment my breasts, tugging and rubbing the rough calloused parts against my nipples until they ached and begged to be soothed.

Perhaps I whimpered my need for it, or the creature instinctively knew, but I felt the muzzle descend down my body. Opening my eyes, I watched in pleasure and need as the creature pumped one of my breasts up, capturing it in a solid hold, forcing the hardened nipple up towards the waiting mouth. I cried softly as I felt my pulse beat in the tortured flesh, the natural rosy hue now brighter, begging for more than the soft blow of air I could feel as the creature breathed.

When the beast's tongue finally slid against the aching flesh, I arched my body up towards his and moved my hands to capture hold of the jackal shaped head. My breath came fast and quick, feeling how the creature deemed to lap at my nipple, wrapping the thin, flexible tongue around my flesh then pull away, drawing the bud to a tighter point. I was sobbing by the end of the torment, the hot breaths chilling the saturated flesh of my nipple, allowing me the moment to think he was through... but he wasn't.

With deliberate slowness, the creature positioned my second breast in the same fashion, offering the tease of his breath before his tongue once more connected with my skin. The strokes couldn't have been more arousing if the beast had been teasing my clit, his fingers pinching and slowly tugging on the nipple he had already tasted even while he whipped his tongue slowly against the one standing before him now.

I was a trembling mass when he finally drew back, absently milking my breasts, his fingers pinching and tugging at my nipples, his palms pumping my breasts, while he stood before me, watching as my hips flexed in the air, my fingers clawing at his forearms, where they had landed when he drew back, seeming to smirk as I mewled my need for him. After a time, he collected my hands and began to bind them with a gold cord that at one point held back the curtains over a nearby window. With my hands secured before me, he lifted them up, resting them just above my head and holding them there with one hand as the other traveled over the flesh of my stomach once more.

I have always found such delicate strokes to my belly arousing in some fashion, and I pushed my body into his hand as the tips of his fingers dipped further down to my hips before moving to pet the side of my thigh. I couldn't help my reaction when I parted my legs, silently begging that he touched me where I throbbed the most. It seemed all the invitation he needed as his hand dipped between my thighs and cupped my mound, squeezing softly.

The groan that left my lips was soul deep, and I began to grind myself into the shifting palm, panting hard as he petted my swollen flesh. I could feel my pleasure mounting, feel how slick I was making his hand when he drew it away. At that moment I was too shocked for words and I could only watch in dumb fascination as he sniffed his hand then licked some of my juices from his palm. My gaze took in each stroke of his tongue while he cleaned his hand, watching the action making me all the more desperate, knowing he was sampling an intimate part of me. 

He seemed to notice my acute fascination and slowly pulled me away from the wall. I watched as he set a pillow against the edge of the bed then pushed me to sit on it, forcing me down further before tying my bound wrists to a bedpost on the opposite side of the bed. My body was stretched to the limit, unable to shift in any way as his hands kept my hips upon the pillow. Lifting my head, I watched as he knelt and parted my legs, setting the heels of my feet on the frame of the bed, opening me wide to his view.

I suddenly felt embarrassed and shy, the cool air on the overheated parts of my body making me twist. Laying my head back, I stared at the ceiling, trembling as I felt his hands rest on my knees and slowly move in against my inner thighs, stroking in a circular fashion, moving slowly up to where my legs joined my hips. I could feel the stroke of his maw following in the wake of his hand against my left thigh before his tongue snaked out and licked against his nose and lips, flicking against the swollen folds of my pussy.

With force, his hands moved to cup my bottom, the hold parting the cheeks of my ass as he lifted my lower half from the bed. With delicate strokes of his tongue, he lightly cleaned away the juices that had leaked onto the top of my thighs and along the outer lips, using subtle points of pressure to part them before his tongue dipped into the opening of my pussy.

I could only moan and flex my hips in his hold as his tongue repeatedly grazed over my tender flesh, my legs dangling uselessly on either side of his head. I was breathing hard, groaning and grunting as I tried to work the direction of his tongue in the position I wanted it. Magically, he seemed to avoid the place of my clit or the passage into my body, but teased the lower portion of my rear and against the back of my thighs, giving a playful nip that made me scream and beg for mercy.

It seemed he realized only now how great my need was and moved to push the cold, wet point of his nose directly to my clit, grinding it there as I sobbed and continued to beg. I felt his tongue, dip into my opening, teasing the nerve filled flesh that was there, making me want to beat him before forcing him to my will. I sucked in a breath when his tongue finally plunged deep inside me, reaching further than I ever expected, lapping at the barrier of my innocence before pulling out.

I felt his head lift, heard the licking as he cleaned his muzzle, knowing he was watching me, but I couldn't open my eyes, my body feeling like a tightly coiled spring that needed to relieve some tension or die. With a small woof of breath he began to lick and circle my clit with his tongue, the slender muscle dexterous enough to tease it and stroke it in ways I couldn't have imagined before.

In a few seconds I came with gusty sobs, feeling my juices pour out of me and down against my ass, his tongue quickly moving to catch the mess and lick it up before moving to my now too sensitive clit. My screams quickly filled the air as he began to lick me once more, the pleasure so close to pain, so intense, my toes curled even as I tried to trash against the bed. Being held still made the moment all the more potent and I came a second time when he pushed a thick finger inside me and began to twist it about while slowly pumping it in and out of me.

I was shaking uncontrollably as he licked me clean once more then rose. He untied the rope from the bedpost and lifted me from the bed. Holding me in a standing position, he managed to wrap his lips around my nipples one at a time and suck them into hard, throbbing points once more, his tongue licking at either of them before he seemed satisfied with how I looked. I felt dazed and knew I had the flush of sexual satisfaction to my body as I was lead downstairs and out into my village, the creature leading me by a length of the rope left over from that which bound my hands.

I never noticed the bodies that littered the ground as the ruined village was left, only that as we moved others of his kind seemed to join him, girls of my age or older from the village lead behind them as I was, nude and dazed, some with their thighs liberally covered in their juices as we were brought towards the great pyramids, each of us virgins and soon to be sacrificed to the gods in ways we had yet to fathom.