 After dropping himself to the balcony he quickly tried the door which opened almost without sound when pulled. With a sigh of relief he moved through to the dark empty room on the other side and turned to peer at the night sky. First he couldn't see anything but soon the dark figure he had previously seen appeared once again. It clearly hadn't yet seen him and it continued it's flight out of the city. When the figure was far enough he was just about to go out again when a soft voice made him jump.

"And who might you be, my unusual visitor?"

He twirled around and noticed that the moonlit room wasn't really as empty as he had thought. Laying under the bed covers was a young woman. She brushed aside one dark curl with her fingers while studying him curiously. She didn't really appear scared, but she was clearly uncertain why he was here.

"I'm truly sorry for interrupting your sleep. I mean you no harm and I was just about to leave."

"So you say. Are you sure you're not here to do unmentionable things to me?"

As she talked her slight movement caused the covers to fall a bit and reveal one silky leg. He suppressed a chuckle. Her voice sounded a little too coy and certainly not at all scared.

"Oh, I'd never do anything to a lady with such pretty legs against her wishes. Especially unmentionable things."

"Oh."

"Well I really should leave and let you resume your beauty sleep. Not that you really need any, but still."

"But what if get another visitor after you leave who is more dangerous? The lock is clearly broken since you got in."

"Well maybe i should then stand here at guard until morning. I wouldn't want anything bad to happen to you."

"That would be wonderful" she said smiling. Her smile made his heart beat faster.

A moment passed as they looked at each other. Then she sat up in her bed. She still held the bed covers up with one hand but a momentary slip showed that underneath she was wearing a dark gown that didn't really conceal that much. And she didn't really hold the covers that high.

"It must be tiring to just stand there. Come sit here. I'm sure you can guard me just as well sitting down."

She tapped the bed beside her with a coy smile on her face.

"Very well" he said and walked to the bed and sat down. 

She moved a bit closer and her scent filled him. She smelled like flowers. "I'm sure I could guard you even laying down if I had to."

"Great. I feel so safe now."

Now he was close enough to get a better look at her. There was something unusual and exotic about her that he couldn't quite place - or maybe it was just the shadows. Nevertheless, it made her look even more tantalizing.

When she had moved closer the covers had again moved as well and now he could see most of her thigh. She was also sitting very close to him making it hard to think rationally anymore.

"Well I really wouldn't want anything happen to you or your silky legs. Or those soft thighs. Or those brown eyes. Or those tasty lips."

"How do you know they're tasty?"

"Well i guess there's only one way to find out" he said kissing her softly. After a moment that seemed to last forever he pulled back. "Yes, they're definitely tasty."

"Are you sure? Maybe you should try once more", she purred moving her arms around him and pulling him to another passionate kiss.

As their kiss went on he could feel her hands pushing his shirt upwards. Breaking off from the kiss he pulled it over his head and casting it aside pulled her back against him. As she had let go of the covers there was suddenly practically nothing between them and he could feel her soft breasts against his muscular chest. He slowly pushed her on her back and gently capturing her wrists pinned her under him. He was now totally in control but it seemed to only excite her further. 

His lips soon moved to her delicate neck leaving her to shiver with pleasure. A bit surprised at the sensitivity of her neck he kissed it again. And again. She was wearing silver earrings shaped like stars and with a blueish gemstone, which seemed to pulse with a heightening rate as he caressed her ears with his tongue. Her body felt warm and alluring as she squirmed a little under him.

Smiling he rolled on her side and holding her wrists with his left hand his other hand moved to her body. He slowly traced his fingers along her silky gown. Her back arced, wanting more. For a moment longer his eyes feasted on her amazing little body, then his lips found their next target, kissing her right breast through the thin fabric. Then again. He kept teasing her by circling her easily visible nipple with his lips, never quite touching it despite her squirms.

His right hand had disappeared below the covers making her jolt as his fingers slid between her thighs. He continued his caresses, enthralled. It was as if he was controlled by her pleasure; the more she moaned, the more he wanted to do, and did.

Suddenly she jerked free of his hold and before he had time to react he was on his back staring at her lust-filled eyes as she sat astride him. She looked almost dangerous as her eyes gleamed in the shadow-filled room. Part of him wanted to flee, but it was soon silenced as her hands moved below his waist. He was very excited as her hands could easily confirm.

Removing the rest of his clothes her hands soon reached what they were looking for and she leaned down smiling. His breathing quickened as her lips engulfed him. 

It was now his turn to moan and gasp for breath. He had never experienced anything like this and this certainly wasn't the first bed he'd been in. Her lips felt like on fire and what she did with her tongue... unbelievable. And all the time her eyes were drilling holes in him like he was prey. Finally her lips left him and he could regain a little of his breath. He only got a few moments, though, as she then got up and slowly lowered herself back down guiding him inside. 

It felt like a dream, seeing her exquisite form, the moonlight illuminating parts of her as she slowly pulled the gown over head, and the undescribable feeling as her whole body undulated on top of him. Soon her slow, slight movements were giving way to longer, more deliberate thrusts. Her sensuous riding was already bringing him pleasure he'd never forget and it was clear she was just getting started. And she loved every moment of it. Her left hand was on his chest for support, it's fingernails digging into his skin, and her right hand was moving about her body, moving from one breast to another, then to her hair, then again down. Then to his chest, as her thrusts intensified further. Her moans were already surpassing his, filling the room, and probably the alleys outside as well. She was riding him like a woman possessed, bouncing on him with a feverish tempo. He felt like inside a volcano. He felt like the volcano. He was incoherent with pleasure. 

Finally he lost the final ounce of control and the flood of pure bliss filled him. It also brought her over the edge as well, and as his senses began to slowly return, he could feel her body trembling on top of him. He probably trembled as well. 

"That was... magical" he managed to whisper before drifting off again. 

When the heavenly night was finally giving room for a new day, he was finally dressed and preparing to leave.

"Thank you for your protection. I've never felt safer" she said trying once again to look like a shy, defenseless girl.

"No, thank you. But now i really must leave. Farewell."

"Perhaps we'll meet again. I guess i really should think about getting that lock fixed, though."

As he slipped through the balcony door to the welcoming morning air he smiled to her words. Oh, there was no lock on the door and there had never been one. There was no need. He had finally recognized some of the books and items in her room in the morning. Had she considered him a danger, he'd probably be squeaking in a cage by now. Still, he kept thinking about her as he walked on.