 Looking around one last time you tie the blindfold over your eyes and start waiting. Waiting for your mysterious admirer. Waiting for me.

Every week for several months you had found a letter addressed to you, sometimes left on your doorstep, sometimes hidden nearby. A letter filled with flowery praises for your alluring eyes, for your lovely bosom, for your silky skin and more. Words that made you blush. Words that made you lay awake at night, aroused. But nothing that would even so much as hint at who I am. Finally you had received a letter that asked you to come to the rose garden at noon, asking you to wait there blindfolded. Promising a wonderful surprise.

For a moment longer I let you wait, let your imagination run wild. From my hiding place I can almost feel your excitement. You are wearing a beautiful blue dress, with a pearl-embroided top that leaves your shoulders free and offers a generous view of your bosom. Your wearing a sapphire necklace, complementing your blue eyes nicely. You look wonderful.

Suddenly you can hear soft steps behind you, coming closer. Silently I stop just behind you and you can feel my breath on your skin. I place my hands on your shoulders and slowly begin moving them downwards, touching you gently. "Who..." you begin to ask, but become silent as I gently place my finger on your lips.

My hands wander around your lovely form caressing, feeling you through your clothes. You lean against me as my hands move about - feeling your legs through your dress, touching your tummy, slipping inside the top of your sexy bodice to almost touch your nipple. You softly sigh with pleasure as I kiss the sides and the back of your neck again and again. You can feel one of my hands pulling the hem of your dress upwards, slipping to caress the inside of your thigh, then moving upwards. You tremble a bit as my hand fleetingly touches your womanhood, retreating again before you can do anything. I smile. I have no longer any doubt on what you wish to happen - you're wearing nothing under the dress.

I gently turn you around and my lips meet yours as we melt into a kiss. You draw me closer as we kiss and our lips feel like on fire.

I carefully lower you down on the soft grass without breaking our kiss and you pull me on top of you. My searching hands move to the strings holding your top together, yanking them open with quick movements, one at a time. I can feel your breathing become more intense as I again leave your hungry lips to kiss the soft skin of your neck. As the final knot becomes undone you can feel my lips resume their journey down. The top pulled downwards out of the way, my tongue soon starts to tease your nipples as my hands go on caressing your body. You're already squirming with pleasure under me. 

"Wonderful" you whisper silently. 

I can sense how your body yearns for my touch as my kisses move lower, and lower. You can feel my tongue touching first one thigh, and then the other. You squirm with anticipation as I slowly move closer - too slowly. Your curiosity is starting to become too much for you and you're halfway to removing the blindfold when I stop you with my hand.

"If you do it, i will leave" I warn you solemnly. 

"Ok, i won't. But PLEASE, go on", you breathe your reply and try to force my head under your skirt hem again. A moment later I do just that and you moan with pleasure as you feel my tongue against your soft folds. 

"Finally" I think to myself as I move to savour your sweet nectar. 

It's starting to get very hard for you to hold still as my tongue finds its target and starts encircling it. 

"Oh, go on" you manage to say between your quick breaths.

After a moment that seems to last forever you feel my tongue departing. Before you have to time to recover, or even say anything, I've already pressed my lips against yours and your whole body becomes tense as I slowly begin to enter you. Our lips remain locked in a passionate kiss as I slide deeper and deeper into your wonderful moistness. You have never felt yourself so full. So complete. You can feel as I begin moving my body. Slowly. Then a little faster. You encircle me with your arms and beg me to pick up the tempo. As I fulfill your wish I can feel your fingernails digging into the back of my shirt. I have a feeling that our lovemaking could be heard by anyone walking by the stonewalled garden, but you clearly don't care. Nothing else matters right now.

I tease you by stopping every now and then without any hints - and continue only after a painfully long moment. Finally you can stand no more and you push me to the side and leap on top of me, the hem of the dress still raised to your hips. Guiding me again inside you begin a wild ride. Soon you are bouncing up and down so forcefully that it's a minor miracle that i'm still inside you. This kind of passion and pleasure is a whole new experience for me as well and i'm soon moaning out loud too. As you finally hit the peak your legs fail and you collapse on my chest quivering.

Despite all this i'm still as hard as ever and after allowing you a few moments to breathe I again slide inside you - this time from behind. I start slowly, caressing your sides and your neck at the same time. You moan with delight as I slide in - and then out. Soon the pleasure you're bringing takes over my senses and I increase the speed again. Your fingers are digging into the soft ground and your breathing is once again becoming more erratic. Then you can no longer feel anything but pleasure that seems to go on and on. Finally we both collapse on the ground.

As you breathing finally begins to come back to normal, you roll on your back. 

"That was ... amazing. Now can I remove the blindfold?"

When there's no answer, you remove the blindfold and look around but it's already too late. Your mysterious lover is nowhere to be seen. Instead there's a single white rose on the ground beside you.