 His shoes gave out only a small 'thud' as he dropped down to the peculiar carpet. He had never seen material quite like it. Could it be the hide of some exotic animal? Well, he had more important things to think about than a damn carpet. It might be valuable or it might not be but it was certainly too big to easily carry out. Jewels. There was bound to be jewels in a house like this.

Quietly he moved on. Rings. Bracelets. Only the truly wealthy would decorate their place like this. If an average merchant would use ornaments like the ones in this room, he'd be the laughing stock of the whole town.

Carefully he checked the cupboard for traps and then opened it. Just clothes. Women's clothes. Quite revealing clothes too. Bah. Where was all the gold?

The owner of the house certainly seemed to love red. And clearly cats. Quietly he replaced the figurine of a leaping panther on the shelf. Not valuable enough. He needed to find something really valuable, something that would show those - those amateurs that he was ten times the thief they were. They wouldn't recognize a treasure if they tripped on it.

What? He spinned around dropping to a crouch. He had seen movement. Eyes. But there was nobody else in the room. Only him and his reflection in the large mirror. With the frame full of engraved cats. Bah. The only sound he could hear was the rapid beating of his heart. Move on, dummy.

Silently he entered the next room. Books. Lots of them. Well, he was no scholar and had no idea if any of the books would be worth stealing. And most of the titles were in a strange language and many only had one odd symbol on the cover. Damn. Strange coins would be much better. Besides, this place was getting on his nerves. Twice now he had had the feeling someone was standing right behind him and the second time his back had been against a wall!

Okay, where next. Maybe there. For some reason the next room was lit even though nobody was in and the room after that was again totally dark and clearly empty. There was an ornate pool in the middle of the room, or maybe bath tub would be a better description. It was still full of water and the room smelled like flowers and herbs. 

He rolled his eyes as he noticed the candleholders. They were shaped like the heads of some cat-like creatures and the candlelight entered the room from each of them through two small gems that looked like eyes. Again not valuable enough. And they seemed quite hard to get loose. 

As he was about to move on, something made him start again. Eyes. Feline eyes. But there was again nothing there when he turned to look better. Only the candlelight dancing on the surface of the water. And he could almost swear he had also heard soft, feminine laughter. Had that book been there next to the pool all the time? 'Garden of Desir' or something. Ok, calm down.

In the next hallway his eyes stopped on a section of the wall that seemed somehow different. As if there was a tiny seam. In a different light it probably wouldn't even have been visible. Ah, finally. With a quick search he found the switch that opened the secret door - the switch was just as well hidden as the door. As the wall moved aside to reveal a downward sloping passageway the barely audible laughter again made him shiver. This time the laughter seemed a little different - as if satisfied.

A secret passage had to mean there was a real treasure waiting for him there. 

The passage ended with a door and he carefully opened it a little in order to peek inside. The chamber inside was dark and once again unoccupied. The floor was covered with some kind of glimmering dust and it gave just enough light for him to realize that the chamber walls seemed full of mirrors! In the middle of the chamber there was a large bed and close to it something that looked like a pedestal. Taking a deep breath he entered.

He almost made it to the pedestal when suddenly something made all the candles in the room light up. As light filled the room he could see almost endless reflections of himself standing amidst thousands of candles - perhaps there were truly only a score or so but it was hard to tell in the sea of little candleflames. Even the ceiling was covered with a mirrorlike surface. The floor, however, was not reflective - it was of stone and carved with hundreds of little curves. The curves didn't seem to have any real meaning or purpose and at any case he could only see the carvings that were closest to him. 

Still, there was nobody else in the room and although a small voice in him told him to flee it remained unheard - he had noticed something more important. In the middle of the room, laying on the pedestal was a gemstone the size of his fist. Of his two fists. Bigger. It looked a lot like the the little 'eyes' in the pool room but... Maybe it was just the endlessly reflecting candlelight but the gem looked almost alive. It would be worth a fortune. Two.

With painstaking care he checked the pedestal for traps. Nothing he could see. Quietly he pulled a little figurine from inside his clothes and held it close to the pedestal. Nothing. No magical traps either. This was almost too good to be true. He was just about to lift the gem from the pedestal as he noticed in the mirrors a strange wavering. He spinned around and saw a woman.

Damn! He was SUCH an idiot. Exotic decorations. Books with strange symbols. Almost too easy to get in. Cats. Red. This room. Only he could be stupid enough to break into the house of the Red Enchantress and not even realize it until now.

There is a saying that the Red Enchantress can never be described and can never be forgotten. He could easily believe it. She was nearly his height, every bit a woman, and clearly fully aware of her sexuality. Her exotic, red and glimmering robe didn't really show anything but promised more than a stack of treasure maps. Her perfectly curvaceous body whispered of all the forbidden pleasures that his mind could dream of. Her long, auburn hair looked simply fascinating in the candlelight as it flowed down her shoulders. Her face looked... well, ageless. It was impossible to tell her age, she could have just as easily been twenty or forty or even a hundred years old, especially considering the stories he had heard of her. Her full, red lips were curved in a mysterious smile and they were covered with something that made them glitter in the flickering light. But still everything else seemed secondary when compared to her eyes. Her green eyes looked like those of a cat. He couldn't look away.

The Enchantress walked closer, hips swaying and her shoes clicking on the stone floor. Her eyes never left his as she closed the distance between them. Without saying a word she lifted her hand and pressed her fingernails against his tunic. Her fingernails were painted red. 

He jumped a little when he noticed that the fabric of his tunic was starting to disintegrate - starting from the spot where she had touched it.

He hadn't realized he had been backing away from her until he bumped into the bed behind him and losing his balance dropped to a sitting position. The enchantress had not yet followed further and was just standing there looking at him with the same mysterious smile on her lips. She snapped her fingers and his breath caught as she was suddenly completely naked, with only the flickers of the candlelight caressing her smooth skin.

As he was still just sitting there mesmerized she had walked up to him and gently touched his cheek. Then her fingers began tracing his skin down to his chest and then down again. Her mysterious smile gained more warmth when her fingers confirmed just how aroused he already was. Again for a second he felt the pressure of her fingernails and a moment later his manhood sprang into freedom as her magical touch destroyed the rest of his clothes. He sighed as she wrapped her hand around his hard rod and again as she smoothly squatted down and he could feel her lips encircle the tip of his member.

The feeling was simply amazing as her mouth slowly caressed him. There'd be no way anyone would ever believe him if he told about this. Hell, he himself had a hard time believing this was actually happening. He was sure she could have easily turned him into a worm or something even worse. But this - all he could do was to offer silent praises to all the deities he could remember. Then he just moaned. Slowly and blissfully her lips and tongue continued doing their magic.

Far too soon he felt her lips leave his manhood. Calmly she got up and climbed on his lap pushing her body against his. Her ample breasts were pressed against his upper chest and his hard rod trapped between their bodies. Holding his head gently with her hands their lips connected in a long, delicious kiss. She smelt of flowers. Some kind of a rose, perhaps. Then, without breaking the kiss, she lifted herself a little and lowered herself on his waiting cock. He moaned again and was pleased to feel her shiver. Slowly, enjoying every moment she forced him deeper inside her. She felt so wet. So wonderful.

When he was finally in all the way she broke the kiss and began sensuously gyrating her body on his lap, enjoying every little sensation that this caused. The candelight danced in her eyes, making them even more hypnotic. Her arms were resting on his shoulders an he gave each of them a gentle kiss. It felt like time had stopped as her body moved against his. 

Finally she stopped. For a moment she just looked at him as if weighing him and then she seemed to come to a decision. Looking determined she got up again and turned. Lifting an arm towards the pedestal she uttered a couple of words that sounded like a some kind of spell. The large gem on the pedestal began to glow, pulsing with light almost like a heartbeat. An eerie hum began echoing throughout the room. It sounded like an enormous choir humming a quiet tune.

Automatically he pulled away from her. What did it mean? Was he in danger after all? His retreat was cut short as she turned again and made a quick gesture with her hand. Immediately something yanked him on his back and suddenly he was unable to move his hands. Then the same happened to his legs. It was as if invisible chains connected his wrists and ankles to the bedposts. 

Calmly the Enchantress stepped up on the bed. Looking amused by his helpless state she moved to stand right on top of him, one leg on either side. Again he could again only admire her curvaceous figure. 

The humming was slowly becoming more rhytmic and more melodic. The Enchantress began moving with the rhythm, teasing him. It was like a dream, her erotic little dance shown from every direction by the mirrors. He groaned with anticipation as she lowered herself inches above his erect member. Then she seemed to decide otherwise and getting up took a couple of steps forward. A moment later she was sitting on his face, running her hands in her hair and enjoying the caresses from his tongue.

Finally he had a chance of really making her squirm with pleasure and he took full advantage of it. Using every little trick he knew he licked, sucked, nibbled and teased her - generally doing whatever seemed to have the desired effect. The more she moaned and squirmed, the more he wanted to do and did. The music filling the room seemed to mirror her excitement - picking up pace and volume and becoming more - well, lusty, if that can be said of music.

The Enchantress' composure seemed to be melting away with his enthusiastic administrations. Her eyes were closed and her left hand was clenched in his hair while her right hand roamed along her body. Her breathing was getting erratic and she was grinding her drenched pussy against his face. He had a vague feeling that at this point it would have been downright dangerous for him to stop - atleast if he wanted to remain in human form - so he continued his oral assault despite the pain in his jaw. Luckily she seemed to be getting really close if the wild rhythm of the music was any indication.

Suddenly her whole body jolted and she literally squealed. Then another jolt followed the first as he kept on licking her love bud. Then another. The sounds from the invisible choir were almost deafening but his ears were full of only one voice. Finally he could no longer reach her with his mouth and had to settle with watching her ride out the last waves of pleasure.

As the music calmed down she opened her eyes once again and turned to stare at him. The sound coming from her throat sounded almost like a purr and her eyes and her smile told him clearer than words what she would do next.

Raising herself to a crouch the Enchantress moved back a little and again positioned herself right above his still rock-hard rod. Balancing herself with one hand on his stomach she used the other to guide him inside her. Her eyes were were locked in his and she looked - fierce.

She felt even hotter and wetter than earlier and as her riding immediately began picking up its pace the last remnants of his coherent thought evaporated. He had never in his life experienced anything like this and probably never would again. The feeling of her around his cock, the endless reflections of her amazing body bouncing on top of him illuminated by all the magical and candlelight, her smell, the beat of the music and her alluring cat-like eyes still staring at him. He wanted this moment to last forever.

Unfortunately, it felt too good. It was as if her pussy was milking him and her wild ride was drawing him closer and closer to the edge. Several times he begged her to slow down, but his pleas just made her smile and go faster, until she was bouncing on him with a feverish tempo. Oh, she clearly enjoyed their passionate sex immensely as well, but this time she seemed to have only one goal - making him come. Her nails were digging into his skin. She was unbelievable.

It was too much. He came, fountaining inside her, straining against the invisible bonds, gasping for breath as the immense pleasure wrecked his body. She had stopped bouncing and was just sitting there, riding out the jolts of his body as if he was a bucking stallion and enjoying his pleasure. 

For what seemed like an eternity he just drifted, in a permanent state of bliss, barely aware of his surroundings. As his mind finally began to focus again the Enchantress was still on top of him, beautiful but now a little thoughtful. The music had subsided to a quiet hum in the background.

As he was still trying to regain his ability to speak or even to move she got up and walked to the large gem on the pedestal. Placing her hand on it she uttered something in a strange language. Suddenly the humming stopped and as the large gem went dark the smaller gems on the bedposts lit up with an even fiercer glow. To his horror he noticed that the curves that had been barely visible on the floor and had looked completely chaotic were no longer either. Most of the lines were now beginning to glow with a silvery light and the light revealed a clear order. 

As the magical diagrams around the bed activated he again tried to escape only to find that even without the invisible chains he was still too weak for that. He could only watch as the still naked enchantress lifted the large gem and held it in the air above his chest, creating an endless display of light in the mirrors around them. He wanted to scream but before he had time for that there was a sudden sensation like he had fallen from the bed. The gems and the curves on the floor were no longer glowing and instead of the large gem the enchantress now held in her palms a much smaller gem that looked like an eye.

When he finally found his voice he managed to ask:

"What... what did you do?"

The enchantress smiled her alluring smile and sat down right next to him. The insides of her thighs were glistening. Idly she traced his bare chest with one red-painted nail.

"It is fascinating how things work out sometimes. Only yesterday I had realized I'd need to pay for the services of a professional thief for a dangerous mission and before I had time to even make my preparations... I get a volunteer."

His throat felt too dry to speak.

"What if... I ..."

"...don't want to do it" she said filling in the rest of the question.

Smiling she kissed him, sending shivers through his body.

"Oh, you will do it..." she whispered looking first at the small gem in her palm and then at him with that mysterious smile on her lips. "But don't worry. You will be... rewarded."

Looking deep in her green eyes that sparkled in the candlelight he felt a frightening certainty she was right. This time there would be no escape. He felt oddly... relieved.

"Very well... mistress. How can I help?"