 Taking one small sip from his waterflask Rasan tried to ignore the conversation of the two women sitting at his table. Once again his eyes scanned the surroundings. The common room was nearly empty, only a couple of travellers debating about their next destination and a group of men shooting dice and telling dirty jokes. Still, appearances could be deceiving. He himself looked nothing like a bodyguard; his short-cropped hair, average looks and simple dark tunic made him look more like a son of a merchant or some such. Likewise, the other woman sitting at their table might look like just a cute tavern maid but there was always a chance she could be a clever assassin, sent to kill Amaryan. Rasan couldn't understand why Amaryan had insisted on the other woman's company, even going so far as paying the innkeeper extra so the girl wouldn't need to work tonight. 

Then again there was very little in Amaryan that Rasan could understand. All women were mysterious, but the Veiled Ones were atleast twice so. Everyone knew they were always female and all had magical skills, but no-one knew what they were after or what kind of magic they could do. And of course there were all the rumours about their training. Well, it was no wonder as no male had ever been allowed to enter one of their House of Veils and no Veiled One would ever mention any details, atleast to a man.

Again Rasan focused his attention on the young tavern maid sitting next to him on their corner table. She was a little taller than average and had short, red hair framing a cute face. You couldn't really call her plump, but she clearly had a little more meat to her bones than Amaryan - and certainly a lot more than the half-starved maids at the previous inn. The girl seemed friendly, relaxed, and a little mischievous based on her smiles and overall a lovely person - or maybe it was just an act.

Almost as if sensing Rasan's thoughts Amaryan turned to look at Rasan with an almost calculating look on her veiled face. As was common for the Veiled Ones, she was wearing pretty much only veils and gauzes of varying sizes, colors, materials and levels of transparency. In her case, most of them were light green. They didn't really show that much when worn together, but the effect was enought to turn heads where ever they went. And her clothing wasn't the only reason either - her body and her face would have been quite enough. She was slender and perhaps a bit short but still had curves where it counted. She had short, dark brown hair and a skin tone clearly above well-tanned. And her face... Well, her delicate features were beautiful and there was something in those dark eyes and her smiles that promised mystery and passion. 

So far no-one had really tried anything thanks to Rasan's constant presence and the reputation of the Veiled Ones, but the situation hardly put Rasan on his ease. Well, he had been hired to protect Amaryan and by gods he would not fail.

Apparently coming to a decision Amaryan turned back towards the maid.

"Nel, would you like to come with me to my room? I could use your ... help with something", the Veiled One said.

The girl, Nel, looked surprised for a moment but then smiled.

"Why, I'd love to."

Rasan didn't try to hide his displeasure at Amaryan's decision but chose not to say anything. He was there only to guard her, even when she made it difficult for him. Again fully alert he escorted the two women upstairs, eyes open for any sign of danger. The rest of their group was still out buying more supplies but Rasan had no reason to trust any of them either.

For once Amaryan didn't seem to mind when Rasan entered her room first to make sure it was empty and even more surprisingly didn't try to force him back outside afterwards. 

He could remember very well the first night at an inn after he had been hired. When Amaryan had realized that Rasan insisted on sharing the room with her, she had conjured a snake around her arm and threatened him with it! She had simply refused to listen to reason. As her room had a window, anyone could have come in through it and killed her without him being there to protect her. Well, the mage of their group had soon arrived and talked her into switching rooms, as his room didn't have a window. Of course Rasan checked that room very carefully before leaving Amaryan to sleep alone. He himself had slept right outside the door as after his training in the monastery he didn't need a soft bed to sleep in anyway. Besides, he had never been a heavy sleeper and especially after the... 

No. Don't think about it. 

Nowadays he would wake up from the smallest of sounds.

Now there were only the three of them in the room and Rasan's full attention was on Nel, watching her every move, trying to find any hints of danger to Amaryan.

Amaryan let out an annoyed breath.

"You're too paranoid, my guardian", Amaryan chided. "Not everyone is a danger to me."

"But you can't know who is and who is not. Even she might be here just to kill you" Rasan replied.

The girl's eyes widened at Rasan's words. Amaryan just shook her head softly.

"Really? She doesn't know who I am. She's here only because I asked her. Does she look dangerous to you?"

"No, but the best assassins never do."

The girl looked at him, clearly shocked at his words. Oh, she looked quite harmless - and beautiful, he had to add - but still...

"And how would she kill me? She doesn't carry a weapon."

"Daggers are easy to conceal"

"Maybe I should search her then" Amaryan said, stepping behind the girl.

Slowly, gently, Amaryan's hands travelled around, feeling Nel's body through her clothes. Nel had closed her eyes and her initial surprise was giving way to excitement as Amaryan's touch made her shiver.

"No weapons. Satisfied now" Amaryan finally asked, lifting her hands to gently caress the sides of Nel's neck.

"She could grab someone else's weapon..."

"I don't have a weapon. Your weapon is your body. There are no dangerous items in the room."

"...or she might have hidden a small poison pin somewhere in her clothes."

Rasan's jaw dropped as Nel's clothes fell to the floor, revealing soft skin, luscious breasts and wide hips. Nel seemed quite aroused by this strange situation and Amaryan's little caresses weren't calming her down either.

"It's easy to conceal something inside the mouth or in one's hair...", Rasan continued his list, but with very little force left behind his words.

Amaryan turned Nel around and pulled her closer to a passionate kiss, that seemed to have a lot of tongue involved, and her hands were inside Nel's short hair. The tavern maid's naked body writhed slowly against Amaryan's with movements that seemed designed to tease Rasan.

"...or someplace more intimate", Rasan whispered.

Amaryan's right hand darted downwards, between her thighs and slowly parting her wet folds pushed it's way inside the more curvaceous woman.

Still, conviction forced Rasan to end his list.

"Or she could use magic or try to strangle you."

Pulling back from their long kiss, Amaryan replied with a sultry little laugh.

"I have my own magic. And besides, you're here to protect me, right?"

Defeated, Rasan backed away and plopped down onto a chair. Ok, Nel was maybe not a threat and he would be close enough to stop her if she was.

Satisfied over her little victory, Amaryan smiled and then pushed the other woman back and onto the bed. Rasan's eyes widened as Amaryan began to undulate her body to some unheard tune and began removing her veils one at a time. Nel had settled in the middle of the bed and watched Amaryan's performance licking her lips. Nel's right hand had moved between her thighs and was doing it's own little magic there.

Rasan had heard most of the rumours concerning the Veiled Ones and right now many of them felt much easier to believe. It was said that all Veiled Ones received comprehensive training in sexual arts and that they were more often interested in the fairer sex.

Well, Amaryan's slow dance was clearly affecting both members of her little audience. Nel had spread her thighs wide, offering Amaryan a better view as she continued rubbing her little lovebud with one hand and her lovely breasts with the other. Rasan was also hard as a rock and was trying his best to keep his mind in protecting Amaryan and his hand away from his breeches. He was failing.

It was also 'common knowledge' and maybe even true that the veils they wore also altered the personality of the Veiled Ones. Rasan hadn't yet had time to form his own opinion, but Amaryan's dance did seem to change a little every time another veil joined the others on the floor. What had begun as a sensual, slow dance was now fast approaching a performance of a sayah-dancer. And they could make a stone blush.

Amaryan was certainly making Nel blush. Her cheeks were flushed with red as Amaryan's exciting movements and her own enthusiastic caresses were rapidly driving her towards her peak. Atleast if her squirms and moans were any indication.

Suddenly Amaryan stopped. Licking her lips she crawled on the bed and dove between the other's woman's thighs. As soon as her lips touched their target the buxom redhead's body arced eliciting a loud moan from her. The whole bed creaked as she thrashed around in the throes of her pleasure.

As her movements finally calmed down a little Amaryan lifted her head from Nel's mound and moved to kiss the woman.

The Veiled One still hadn't removed all of her veils. She still had two around her ankles, one very transparent one hanging from her hair and two more tied around her like an exotic sash. Perhaps she had left them to hide her true personality. Or perhaps not. 

One thing the veils no longer hid was the tattoo on Amaryan's skin, depicting some kind of a feathered snake Rasan had never seen. The snake began from her right ankle, rising upwards around her thigh, across her stomach and then her back, with its head laying on her left breast, her nipple forming the eye of the creature. The tattoo looked strangely faint and crude, almost like a sketch. And it was obviously magical as well. 

The odd tattoo was nearly the last thing on Rasan's mind however. Amaryan had used two of the veils she had removed earlier and had tied Nel's wrists to the bedposts. After that she had taken full advantage of the tavern maid's helpless state and seemed to be seeking out every little spot on her body that would bring her pleasure. Rasan had a feeling he should be taking notes. He had a much stronger feeling he should join in. No. He was there to guard Amaryan and everything else was secondary. He groaned as Amaryan's skillful caresses soon made Nel's body arc as she hit another peak.

Finally Nel's squirming subsided and she found her voice again.

"Please, no more... Please. I... I want to taste you now" she pleaded, still out of breath.

Smiling, Amaryan moved towards one of the knots holding the redhead's wrists in place. Then, apparently deciding otherwise she stopped, got up and lowered herself right on the other woman's face. Nel needed no encouragement and her tongue quickly darted to explore Amaryan's intimate area.

Amaryan's eyes were closed and her body slowly swayed as she enjoyed every little shiver the other woman's hungry lips and tongue were causing her. Amaryan's hands were now travelling around her own body, caressing. Every now and then her fingers traced the outlines of the tattoo, apparently without any conscious thought.

It was truly fascinating to watch Amaryan's passion increase, slowly but with the certainty of an impending landslide. Her breathing was getting quicker and she had began muttering something Rasan couldn't quite make out. Her body squirmed with pleasure and desire and it almost looked like she was having trouble deciding whether to pull back from the other woman's relentless tongue or to beg for more. Her head was tilted back and she had begun repeating some words in her own language amidst her vocal moans. Her inner thighs glistened with moisture and Rasan could only imagine just how wet she really was. Nel had managed to free her hands and was now using them to hold the wildly squirming Veiled One in place.

Finally the pleasure proved too much for Amaryan. Her moans stopped abruptly as her whole body thrashed in the throes of her orgasm. It was also enought to break Nel's hold on her, letting Amaryan collapse on the bed panting. 

Nel moved to kiss her once more.

The Veiled One seemed to finally remember Rasan's presence and breaking the kiss turned to look at him appraisingly. Rasan gave a start and guiltily pulled his hand out of his breeches. Amaryan just smiled and turned to whisper something to the other woman. Nel listened for a while, then nodded and a mischievous smile rose on her lips. Then she fixed her eyes on Rasan and climbed off the bed. Amaryan just turned a little, laying on her side and watched the show as the sexy redhead headed towards her bodyguard with swaying hips.

Nel stopped right in front of Rasan, still looking deep in his eyes. She had one of the greatest bodies he had seen. Well, technically it was only the second naked body he had seen so far and Nel certainly looked a lot better than the carpenter's daughter he had once fooled around with when younger. Nel's breasts almost begged for him to touch and caress. Her wide and lovely hips gave promises of great pleasures and would have surely drawn Rasan's gaze downwards if her dark green eyes hadn't held it. Nel's lips were glistening.

"Do you still think I'm a threat," Nel asked softly, leaning closer to the nervous and very aroused bodyguard.

"Well... I..." Rasan muttered but was cut short as the redhead's lips made contact with his. 

The kiss was full of lust and the fact that he could still taste Amaryan in it just made it even more exhilarating. Her hands moved along his tunic, feeling his training-hardened muscles inside. Then a shiver went through his body as Nel's fingers moved lover and pressed against the bulge on his breeches. In moments she had yanked open the cord holding them up and breaking the kiss concentrated on pulling them out of the way. A moment later Rasan's manhood sprang into full view of both women.

"Now I see what she meant by your body being your weapon" Nel smiled, wrapping her fingers around his hard staff.

Her words left Rasan a little confused, but the confusion melted away almost instantly as his rigid member was engulfed by the beautiful tavern maid's glistening lips.

Now this was something he had never experienced before. His only earlier sexual experience had been very unfulfilling: The carpenter's daughter had been too flighty to remain interested on anyone or anything for long enough and that had included sex. After she had had her first orgasm from his tongue she had simply left - and the next day she had been with another.

But this - this was even better than he had hoped for. He just sat there mesmerized as the redhead's mouth slid lower, then slowly back up. Her eyes remained fixed on his, enjoying every little moan he made. It felt - amazing.

All of this had already nearly been too much for Rasan and Nel could have easily pushed him over the edge, had she wanted to. She was however having far too much fun to do that just yet, and so Rasan had no choice but to sit there and experience this blissful torture. Oh so slowly and gently her mouth teased and caressed his throbbing pole. And Amaryan's presence didn't help at all. In fact a quick look in her direction almost made Rasan burst - the Veiled One was still laying on her side looking at them but now she was sucking one of her fingers in the same rhytm as Nel's head bobbed on his staff.

Nel seemed to sense his predicament and pulled her lips away, grabbing the base of his rod with a forceful grip, allowing him time to recover a little. It just made him moan softly. He wanted to move, wanted to push Nel on her back, wanted to cause her just as much pleasure she had given him, wanted to take her right there on the floor - but something made him just sit there, staring at Nel's hungry eyes. It was as if he was afraid the situation was only an illusion, a spell he could break by leaving the chair, or just a dream. 

Finally the tavern maid seemed to decide Rasan had recovered enough and with one fluid movement she got up. Turning around she then leaned forward, thrusting her shapely behind right above Rasan's waiting rod. Then, smiling at Rasan above her shoulder she used her right hand to guide it to the correct spot and with a sudden move impaled herself all the way on his big staff. The sudden pleasure made both of them gasp.

If Nel's earlier caresses had felt good, this made them feel almost dull in comparison. After the initial shock had subsided, she had begun a slow rhytmic ride, driving his rigid member again and again inside her. She felt so unbelievably hot and wet. She seemed determined to push him back to the edge and this time she was not going to hold back. And there was no doubt that her increasingly wild ride was bringing her just as much pleasure as it did to him. Their joint moans were filling up the room and still she increased her pace, bouncing on his throbbing cock like there was no tomorrow. And on the bed was Amaryan, pumping her fingers inside her own hot cunt, while furiously rubbing her bud with the other hand.

Rasan went over the edge so fast it was like hitting a wall. A deep, primeval moan escaped escaped his lips and his hands convulsively grabbed Nel's hips shoving her down against him. He fountained inside her, filling her with his seed, and then everything went black. The last thing he sensed was Nel's voice, once again moaning in the throes of an orgasm. 

Once Rasan came back to his senses, he was lying on the floor. There was something hard wedged under his back. Beside him were the remains of the chair he had been sitting on. One of it's legs had proved too weak.

Amaryan and Nel were near the door, again fully dressed and talking about the road to the east.

"I should really be going now," Nel then said.

"I understand. But thanks... for your help."

Nel smiled and gave Amaryan a long, sensuous kiss. Then she looked at Rasan, blew him a kiss and with an impish smile scooted out the door.

Well, atleast it hadn't been just a dream, he thought as he pulled the chair leg from underneath him. But...

"You weren't much of a protection when you were out cold," Amaryan said, her face blank. "But I didn't really need it that much, did I?"

For a moment she just looked at him. Then she spoke once more:

"Let this be a lesson for you and I'm sure will get along... My bodyguard."

Amaryan smiled softly to him and then turned away, her mind already on other things.

Rasan plopped down on his back and just stared at the ceiling. This was going to be one journey he'd never forget.