 Part 01: The Long, Dark Road

He could not remember how old he was, or the last time he had felt truly clean. This was how he woke every morning, with these same thoughts. The dry, gritty dirt got everywhere. Into his hair, in the folds of his closing, even into his nose while he slept. As he shook himself awake, he wiped the sleep and the grime from his eyes. The dirt that settled on him nightly, the white grit that blanketed this part of the earth, was his least favorite plague. He could not remember the last time he woke completely free from its contamination, but then again he couldn't even remember how old he was.

He had been twelve when the Earth was scorched, that much he remembered. He recalled his twelfth birthday, and the sugary blue cake that his mother had presented him. His mother. He couldn't remember her face now, and barely recalled the sound of her voice. The long, hard, empty years between then and now had stolen that from his memories. But he remembered her laugh, light and sweet, and the smell of her perfume when she picked him up from school. For his twelfth birthday, his father had given him the sharp hunting knife he carried with him still. His mother had disapproved of the lessons in hunting and shooting, of cleaning fish and skinning rabbits, for a boy so young. But his father, whose hard and gruff face he had never forgotten, knew that twelve was old enough. And it was those lessons that had kept him alive through the twenty or twenty five years since the sky had burned.

He touched the knife affectionately, running his finger along the cold, clean steel. He always took good care of his tools, as his father had taught him. Those lessons from his father and the smell of his mother's perfume were all that remained of his parents since the day the Earth was scorched and his family had been stolen from him. He slapped the dust from his well worn backpack, it's once dark green fabric long ago faded to a dull grey. Some still called that day of fire "The War," though it had basically begun and ended with that one spectacular calamity as far as he could tell. The lean years since that day had muddled together, and he could no longer remember how many there had been. He had survived, by some miracle, and that was all that mattered.

He had spent the night in the relative shelter of a skeletal old shack. It had been a modest home once, but the front facade had crumbled into a pile of debris some years before. Crumbled much like the rest of the world. He put his gloves on before patting one of the corner beams of the shack in parting. The gloves completed his head to toe covering, even in the warmth of the late spring day. He would sweat, for sure, but sweating was safer than exposure. His feet took the first steps of the day, heading eastward. The coasts had been obliterated into blackened worlds of glass and ash, and he had learned two things since he had first joined the road so long ago. Keep to the middle of the country, and keep moving. Staying still welcomed death. He could feel the soles of his boots were wearing thin, but he had already scrounged a new pair. He was doing well so far on this day, and in this world every good moment had to be enjoyed.

---------------

It was mid morning when he could smell the water. The land around him had been dry and brown, but even from a distance the stream smelled clean. It had to at least be a stream, and where good water met the road, it meant danger. Before he got too close, he left the road and proceeded into the brush far off the path. When he was almost out of sight of the road, he turned and began to parallel its course once again. In the still air, he could hear the babble of flowing water before he could see it. He worried he might suddenly come upon the water in the brush, he spotted a small stand of low trees where the water met the road. Once he had sighted it, he did as he had been taught, and hunkered down low in the dry brush.

There was something shiny in one of the trees, reflecting glints of sunlight. He sat for over an hour and saw no apparent movement. The reflecting light made him nervous. He saw a thin cloud of dust approaching from the horizon on the opposite side of the river and believed the safety of this crossing was about to be tested. He took a warm swig of water from his larger canteen and waited.

The dust trail soon resolved itself into a man on horseback, wearing white fabrics and two women carrying large jugs walking along behind the horse. A horse likely meant an established town. An established town would explain why there were so many people on the road, but not why they would risk venturing out for water. The women hung back as the man approached the stream. The man appeared to actually be carrying a pistol, which was extremely rare to see these days. The horse splashed through the shallow stream, the man's head swinging left and right as he scanned the trees and the land beyond the stream bed. After a minute of careful observation, the man gestured to the two women, and they began to approach the water with their jugs.

Observing from the brush, Evan spotted the movement in the tree closest to the water. Something large was hidden in its branches, and whatever was reflecting the sunlight began to move. The man on horseback must have seen it too, for he turned in its direction, just in time to see the object streak from the tree. The arrow caught him squarely through the neck. Evan thought it was either a remarkably aimed shot, or the shooter had been aiming for the man's head and missed. Either way, the rider toppled backwards off his horse, his legs somersaulting over his body before he hit the ground in a heap, never moving again.

One of the women screamed, and turned and ran. The other remained frozen at the edge of the river. The horse the man had been riding was startled by the loss of his rider and the woman screaming. The horse charged off into the brush at top speed, stopping briefly only to kick its powerful hind legs out behind it. The fleeing woman did not get far before a cleverly concealed hatch beneath a scrub bush lifted up and a man sprang out. As the man lept out onto the road, the running woman ran straight into the waiting man's arms. They were highway men then for sure. Two men swiftly swung down from two trees near the river. One was the arrow shooter, the other a shorter and skinnier man who Evan had not spotted. The men surrounded the second woman, who remained motionless.

Evan slowly dropped onto his stomach and began to creep closer. One man in a tree he could have taken, probably even two. But going up against three men was a gamble, and he had learned never to gamble in this dangerous world. So instead, he crawled through the dry and gritty dirt towards the men and the screaming women.

---------------

It was Evelynn's worst nightmare come true. The two dirty men were circling her now, and she could smell the sweat and the stink on them. They were smiling leering smiles, and it disgusted her. It was a wonder Bernard hadn't been able to smell them from the river. Poor Bernard. If Evelynn looked over at his crumpled body, she knew she would burst into tears. And tears would not help her now. She was already trembling with terror. As she warily warded off the circling men, she could see the third brute was wasting no time. He was already on top of Megan, pinning her to the ground and tearing roughly at her clothes. Evelynn heard her daughter scream, and it drove an icy dagger through her heart. The tears came, despite her best effort.

Badger, conversely was delighted. His trap had worked perfectly, better than he could have ever hoped, and his heart was on the verge of bursting with excitement. He and his two men had waited in the trees on and off for three days. Not a soul had wandered along the road in that time, and his men were on the verge of giving up when this little group arrived. Now not only did they have a man with nice things to steal, they had women. And two women! Women sold to the right people fetched an enormous price, and old Badger knew the right people. 

"Please," was all Evelynn could muster beneath her tears. "Please, don't hurt us." Badger and Tom both laughed heartily in response. Evelynn could see the hard edge in Badger's eyes, and beneath that something even worse. She saw burning, naked desire.

"Please, don't hurt us. Don't hurt that one," She said, pointing to her daughter. "Just tell us what you want."

"We want you, dearie," Badge replied with another laugh. "We want you and you are going to give us everything."

"Please, I'll do anything if you don't hurt the other girl and you let us go." That made Badger stop and think. This one in front of him was not a bad piece. She was a little older, not quite 40 he guessed, but she had a pretty face and nice body. The other one, the one who was screaming, was a real prize. She was obviously younger and had a nice, full set of breasts on her. She would be worth a big pay day if he could sell her unmangled. 

The girl screamed again, and Badger turned to look at her. "STOP!" He bellowed to Finn, who had managed to get the girl's legs spread and was now positioned between her naked thighs. 

"What?!" Finn replied in clear annoyance.

"Stop, I said. Can you tell if that one's a virgin?" Badger called over.

Finn unceremoniously licked his index finger, and then with the girls legs pinned beneath him, shoved his fat digit into her little hole. "My God, she's tight," he said and he probed into her. She screamed long and deep at his penetration, feeling the dirty finger prying her lips apart. Finn was about to slap her face hard to shut her up when his digit brushed against the membrane of her maidenhead. 

"Oh man," He yelled out with yet another laugh, "She sure feels like a virgin."

Badger turned back to confront the woman in front of him. "I'll make you a deal, dearie," Badger growled. "Finn over there won't mind taking a piece of your ass, but Tom and I like our ass to cooperate. That's what we gets for spending too much time buying whores. Deal is, you do everything we tell and you cooperate real nice and we won't harm a single hair on that young one over there. You gives us the ride of our lives, and we won't hurt that other one."

Evelynn bit her lip in indecision. She knew she couldn't trust these men, and the truth was they had already harmed several hairs on poor Megan. But Evelynn also knew these men would take what they wanted whether or not she complied. At least by cooperating she could hope that her daughter would be spared. Megan screamed again, and made up her mother's mind.

"Alright, alright," she blurted out, "I'll do what you want if you get that brute off of her."

"FINN!" Badger yelled. "Bind that girls arms and legs and then leave her be!"

"WHAT?!" Finn roared back in anger, one of Megan's full and firm breasts already exposed and in the palm of his hand.

"YOU HEARD ME!" Badger returned with a murderous glare. "Now do what I say and get over here." Finn reluctantly did as he was told. Badger turned back to face Evelyn once again. "Now I'm doing what I promised, you do what you promised. I want you to come over here, get on your knees, and suck my cock."

Evelynn was still shaking, but when she saw Finn finish tying her daughter and leave her on the road, she knew she had to deliver what she promised. There was a chance she and Megan might still escape this terrible calamity alive. And the truth, deep down in Evelynn's heart was that the world had been getting worse and worse, and every dark day that past had led her to believe that she would likely meet an end just like the one currently before her. She had managed to protect her daughter for over eighteen years, which was a miracle in this world, and maybe she could protect her for a little while longer.

She walked over until her face was inches from Badgers, and knew this was going to be terrible. The stink of his breath was overpowering, and smelled clearly like rotting teeth. She dropped to her knees and fumbled for the front opening of his dirt encrusted pants. This drew a laugh from Tom and Badger, but Evelynn continued her fumbling. There was no escaping this, she might as well get it over as quickly as possible. She was not surprised to find another layer beneath badger's outer pants, but was surprised to feel how filthy it felt in his pants. There was dirt and leaves and shredded pieces of cloth coming loose in her fingers. As she dug deeper, her hand finally brushed against the heat of Badger's semi-erect member.

She pulled his cock free and nearly gagged in response. It was absolutely filthy, covered in old sweat and dirt, and smelled like a well worn sock that had not been washed in months. Evelynn was horrified that someone could be so unclean. Badger saw Evelynn's disgust and laughed in response. This stupid woman had lived her life in comfort and relative luxury while he had shivered through a cold life on the road. He was going to make this woman pay dearly for daring to leave her sheltered life to wander into his world.

Evelynn spit hard into her hand then tried to pull some of the dirt and old sweat off of Badger's cock. The dick was rather large and thick, maybe seven inches long. As she grasped it between her wet fingers and pulled on the filth around it, her mind briefly marvelled at how heavy it had felt in her hands. Badger mistook her ministrations as an attempt at a hand job, and slapped Evelynn's hand away.

"I didn't say jack my cock, slut, I said SUCK my cock," He instructed. By now, Finn had joined the other two and all three laughed down at Evelynn's kneeling form.

Evelynn had at least managed to get some of the sweat off of Badger's cock, and was a touch grateful for that. She dutifully grasped the base of his member and leaned forward to suck the semi rigid head into her mouth. Badger sighed with pleasure as he felt the warm wetness of her mouth close around his fat cock head. She may not have had the talent of an experienced whore, but somehow her gentle touch felt better. Evelynn sucked down on his fat pole and ran her mouth as close to the base and his crusty pants as she dared before sliding back up to the tip of his shaft. She felt him expand in her mouth and actually felt pleased. It had been a long time since she last sucked cock, and had only done this for her husband. But there was a time, before the terrible war that tore apart her world that she had actually been good at this. She remembered that time now as her tongue danced along the underside of Badger's shaft. She sucked hard as she drew him into her hot mouth. She smiled inside at the thought of being a good cock sucker. What a world it had been, she thought, as her wet mouth slid up and down his now fully rigid pole. A world where life had been full of so many luxuries that a young woman could actually spend time working at giving good blowjobs.

Badger stifled a gasp. This woman was good. At first, Badger wanted to ridicule the slut for being so good at cock sucking, but changed his mind. He wanted to keep this secret for himself. The way she sucked firmly on his member as it slid into her mouth was driving him crazy. He realized it had been almost a year since he had enough money to pay a whore to blow him. As the woman's wet mouth accepted his thick pole and her tongue rubbed against the underside of his cock head, Badger fully felt how long it had been since he had had a woman. This whore was a real treat. Hookers were skilled, but fast and insistent. This woman was gentle as her mouth slid up and down his pole, and she knew how to please with her constant sucking. She wasn't too bad looking either. Nice, blue eyes, long light brown hair, and a nice set of tits. He was going to blow his load quickly if he wasn't careful.

Badger's mood changed to pure irritation when Finn interrupted. The overly eager younger man dropped to his knees behind Evelynn, and bumped his crotch against her taut backside. "Two of us can get a piece of her at the same time," Finn said as he grasped the woman's hips.

Evelynn cringed but did not stop bobbing up and down on Badger's now throbbing cock. She had feared but expected something like this. At least the leader appeared to be enjoying her blowjob, she thought. That might count for something with this scraggly lot, even if the bastard behind her seemed ready to shove his prick into her without even touching her first. She attempted to gird her body against the possibility that the fucking would hurt.

Badger, however, was supremely irritated at Finn's insolence. Badger actually leaned down and pushed the younger man away. "Get off, you lout," Badger growled. Then he had an idea, maybe a great idea. If the cock sucker felt good, maybe she'd do an even better job on Badger's pole.

"Tom," Badger called to the third man, who was standing to the side absently rubbing his crotch. "You ever eaten a nice, clean pussy before?"

"No boss," Tom replied.

"Then get over here and try out this piece of snatch," Badger ordered, with another gruff laugh.

Evelynn felt a cold chill. First she had been terrified that these men would savagely rape her, but now she feared the possible embarrassment as well. As her wet mouth slicked Badger's pole with her saliva, and her hand joined her mouth in sliding up and down his thick pole, she deeply feared the thought that she might enjoy their attention to her pussy.

Badger's legs were tensing, and Evelynn could tell that he was getting close to cumming. She knew that cumming in her mouth was better than him plowing his pole into her pussy, or worse trying to use her ass. Out of the corner of her eye, she glanced over at Megan. Her daughter was now sitting up in the dirt road, her lip swelling from a blow, and her hands and feet bound with leather straps. Evelynn flushed with shame as her daughter watched her bobbing her head up and down on the strange man's cock.

Then Evelynn felt the hem of her loose dress lifting, and a rough hand caressing her smooth bottom. The hand spread her legs apart, and soon after there was a wet tongue flicking at her thighs. It had been a long time since a man licked her down there, and still terrified, Evelynn concentrated on swirling her tongue around the fat prick sucked between her lips. Then the tongue between her thighs licked slowly up and down her sensitive pussy lips. The contact caused a warm heat to begin to spread down through her womanly parts. As the tongue lapped at her feminine opening, Evelynn could feel her pussy begin to moisten. The fear of shame built within her.

Badger could feel the difference as soon as Tom's tongue made contact with the whore's pussy lips. Her mouth sucked down harder on his throbbing cock, and her hand began to turn as she slid up and down his wet pole. His plan had worked perfectly, the whore was excited. Sparks began to shoot up from his crotch and through his body as the slut's grip tightened on his member. Her wet, sucking mouth was turning him on as her lips slid over the fat head of his cock. 

The one called Tom knew what he was doing, and Evelynn stifled a moan. The younger man had lapped his way up her pussy lips and was beginning to flick at the edges of her clit. Evelynn felt tiny sparks of her own flowing out of her crotch. The wet tongue in her pussy was lighting a fire by brushing against her sensitive bud, and she was terrified the flames of passion would overtake her. Without realizing it, she responded by rubbing her tongue furiously against the sensitive spot on the underside of Badger's shaft, just below the crown of his cock.

That was too much for Bagder. The whore's mouth was sliding up and down his pole, her hand rubbing against the sensitive skin of his shaft, and now her tongue was slithering against his sensitive crown head. The pleasure built to a rapid crescendo, and Badger felt the tingling orgasm shoot up through his crotch and out of his cock. He groaned loudly as the first, thick spurt of cum erupted out of his pole and shot into Evelynn's hot mouth. Surprised by the initial blast, Evelynn instinctively swallowed. Badger was lost in the white heat of his orgasm, and the second spurt blasted again into Evelynn's mouth, quickly followed by a third. The cum began to leak around Evelynn's lips, and she spat the white spunk out onto the dry grey dirt between Badger's legs. As his orgasm tickled his toes and his spine, Badger gave one last weak splash of cum from his cock, which caught Evelynn's chin and then dribbled into the dry ground. Badger fell backwards, satiated, and rested on his naked rear end in the dirt. 
