 The last demoness vanished through a portal back to the netherworld, vowing to defile Elyn until she had birthed a thousand of her young. The paladin wiped the semen off of her shield on a nearby tablecloth, gazing upon the feast with contempt. With these creatures, their seed and milk likely tainted each and every dish, tainting those who consumed them with sin.

She offered a prayer to her goddess, not for those they turned to demons but for herself. When Elyn had knocked open the door, several demons were partaking of a many-breasted succubus's milk. It was hard to wipe such perverse images from one's mind, even when one was devoted to banishing creatures that preyed on the sexual desires of mortals.

Just as Elyn returned her sword to her sheath, a door behind her burst open. A woman ran into the dining room, falling onto her knees, her loose brown hair being the only thing that concealed her massive breasts from sight. Nothing covered the erect seven-inch cock that she bore above her vagina. She was human, no more than twenty years, and her eyes bore not lust but terror.

"Are you...my savior?" she cried out, trembling.

Elyn looked at the woman, not letting her gaze linger on the woman's non-feminine endowment. "Were you a slave of these demons?"

Nodding, the woman said, "Yes. They took me and my friend. My friend...they turned her into a demon, one that sucked their cocks without a second thought. She even fed from me, after they cursed me..." The woman's eyes lowered to her own penis. "I kept strong, I didn't want to become one of them, like her. They...they used me so much, cast spells upon me..."

Elyn knew all too well the pain of having a friend corrupted by demons. "You're safe now," she said, holding out a hand. "I'll take you to my order's chapel. Our healers should be able to purge the demons' curses from your body."

The woman pushed herself up, not taking Elyn's hand. "Thank you!" she shouted, almost about to embrace the armored paladin but stopping at the last second. "Please, let's leave this place...I want to be anywhere but here."

Elyn turned and headed into the entrance hall of the ancient manor. It had once been the residence of an ancient demon-worshipping cult of women who were possessed and made to impregnate each other with demonspawn. That demons had made it a lair once more was no surprise.

She reached for the closed door, but heard a noise behind her. The woman was whimpering, and when Elyn turned back, the woman had her cock in her hands, panting with need as she pleasured herself.

"You must resist!" Elyn shouted, hoping to snap the woman out of her lust. "Do not let yourself succumb to sin!"

"I...I...can't help it..." uttered the woman, as beads of precum leaked down her length. "...so...so horny..."

The paladin looked away. It was thankful that she arrived now, or else this woman might have soon been corrupted in full. Elyn winced at the cries that came from the woman, screams of perverse ecstasy and indulgence in sin. It would take many prayers for this one to cleanse her soul from the demonic taint.

Elyn didn't look back once as she opened the door, the woman following her out.

* * *

As night fell upon the land, Elyn set up a tent for the woman and a bedroll for herself. In the few hours since departing the demons' lair, the woman had masturbated several times. Each time she looked guiltier and guiltier. Elyn thanked the goddess that she had arrived to prevent the demons from finishing this woman's corruption.

Elyn finished preparing the camp as the woman returned from the nearby bushes, her cock still erect and her thighs moist. "I have a spare set of clothes," Elyn said, holding them out to the woman. "You should wear them. Nudity is frowned upon in civilization."

The woman nodded, and crawled into the tent with the bundle of clothing in hand. Elyn doused the fire, removed her armor, and laid upon her bedroll. It was a warm night, one too humid for laying within her bedroll. The blonde-haired woman rested her ponytail over her sleeping-robe and stared towards the tent, asking the goddess to forgive the poor woman in there for what the demons had made her do. With her prayers finished, Elyn closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

* * *

A strange warmth flooding her crotch roused Elyn from her slumber. She sat up, feeling something warm trickle down her chest. She...she had been clothed before she went to sleep...

The woman knelt before her, smiling wide, one hand still stroking her cock while the other rubbed her dripping pussy. Elyn's eyes lowered to the white splatter upon her now-naked torso and crotch. Had this woman...?

"So many knights in shining armor fantasize about rescuing damsels in distress," the woman said, her voice taking on a soft tone. "Don't feel ashamed. You're not the only hero who's fallen for a pretty face."

"Wh...?" Elyn's groin flared with unpleasant flashes of warmth. This one was too far gone. She reached to where she left her sword—

"Did you truly think I'd leave your weapon within reach?" said the woman, giggling. "If you would like to touch a sword, mine is right here."

Turning back to the woman, Elyn began to whisper a prayer.

Before she could finish, the woman leapt upon her, driving her cock into Elyn's pussy like a trained hunter's spear striking a beast's heart.

A scream escaped Elyn. She was being...defiled! She felt the semen that the woman had splattered onto her lubricating her passage, spreading inside of her with each thrust. The farther it went, the deeper that terrible burning lust spread through her. Such terrible pleasure...!

Elyn tried to force the woman off of her, but her arms felt too feeble and weary. She'd heard of demons using enchanted seed to incapacitate their prey...she couldn't let this one win...

She closed her eyes, trying to keep her body steady as the woman fucked her. The woman's moans began faster and louder, and Elyn's own whimpers rose in volume and pitch. There was nothing she could do...this woman was raping her, and she was too weak of will to resist...

A high scream escaped the woman's throat. The moment between that and her ejaculation felt far longer than it was. Warm seed flooded deep into Elyn, sending every inch of her vagina into ecstasy. Elyn's hands clenched the bedroll beneath her, her eyes refused to look anywhere but before her—

—and she came.

Her cry came out without a thought of her own, her pussy squeezing the woman's cock as if it craved every drop of her semen even if Elyn didn't. Her juices leaked over her thighs, running down towards her underside.

Her breaths were slow, heavy; her mind raced with prayers for forgiveness and salvation. She hadn't been strong enough, she had succumbed, she had let this woman use her...

Leaning forward, the woman said, "Now how foolish were you to deprive yourself of such pleasure?"

Her face had changed. Her brown hair had become silver, seemingly shimmering in the moonlight. A pair of horns pierced through her hair. Her skin was a pale lavender, her eyes black with pink irises. Just glancing into those orbs felt like Elyn was looking into lust itself. The woman atop her still hungered for pleasure.

No...she hadn't been an innocent woman.

"Your goddess made that demand of you, didn't she?" asked the succubus, leaning in close, kissing the stunned Elyn upon her lips after each sentence. "Sacred might to smite those who might tempt mortals into 'sin'...and all you needed to do was restrain yourself. Deny your desire. Live...a hollow life." Her next kiss was longer, and her hands groped Elyn's breasts. "And now you've turned your back upon her. Tell me...was it worth it for the pleasure?"

Elyn hadn't turned her back...she hadn't wanted this...she had just been too weak...

Leaning back, keeping her cock in Elyn's pussy, the succubus said, "She won't forgive you. Your only choice now is to live as a normal mortal. A weak, pathetic mortal who couldn't resist a succubus."

"I..."

"Or you can embrace what you have just been awakened to. Your paladin powers will never return to you. You'll never atone for your sin. So why not surrender yourself to sin?"

Elyn breathed heavily, staring at the succubus. Her eyes lingered on her bountiful bosom, her beautiful face. Did she want to see...it?

Almost as if the succubus could read her mind — or at least her newfound curiosities — she drew out of Elyn's vagina, sliding the tip of her moist, semen-covered penis up Elyn's stomach. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" she said, giggling. "Being fucked is so much pleasure, but being the one fucking is just as wonderful. I don't have to settle for one or the other, either. I can ride a beautiful demoness's cock while some seduced mortal hungrily sucks my cock."

Her shaft now trailed between Elyn's breasts, leaving a white line up her body. Elyn's groin flared with warmth once more. "I told you about my friend, my cumslut friend. I didn't tell you that I turned her into a seed-loving glutton, longing to taste any cock she saw. I befriended her in a human guise as well, and when we first made love...she was mine."

The succubus rubbed the tip of her cock around Elyn's breasts, leaving trails of cum around each one. That warmth also started to rise in her chest, and Elyn's hands rose up without a thought. She stopped herself. "Why resist, Elyn?" the succubus asked, smiling. "Let me give you another taste of lust, and then you can decide for yourself whether you wish to fight sin...or accept sin."

Before Elyn could make a noise or a movement, the succubus took hold of her cock, jerking off rapidly. Elyn tried to look away, but she couldn't, she couldn't stop watching. Her pussy dripped, almost as warm as when she orgasmed. Her eyes were wide, her lips parted...

With a scream, the succubus pointed her cock down towards Elyn just as she came. Seed splattered over Elyn's face and chest, splashing into her mouth. Though the taste was strange at first, it made Elyn want more — or perhaps the flood of warmth in her groin that accompanied it was what she wanted.

The succubus's semen had also splashed onto Elyn's breasts, and intense heat began to fill them as well. Her hands reached up, her moans echoing in the night as she rubbed her tits, squeezed her nipples, caressed her body. It didn't even cross her mind that her once-modest breasts were growing larger with each second, becoming more sensitive and more pleasurable...

Elyn's moans peaked into a scream, intense warmth flooding throughout her body from her breasts and vagina. Her fluids splashed onto her bedroll, her second orgasm leaving her even wetter.

Laughing softly, the succubus said, "Now, wasn't that a delight, Elyn? How have you lived your life without knowing such pleasure?"

Elyn couldn't answer. She just stared at the succubus — at her face, her breasts, her penis — with eager eyes and a lick of her lips.

"But you are just a paladin," the succubus said, rising up off of Elyn. A strange feeling of disappointment spread through Elyn's mind. "It is your duty to defend mortals from sin, from those who would awaken the desire to sin in them. To protect mortals from pleasure."

The succubus stepped away from Elyn, then sat down on the dirt. Her grin spread wide as Elyn sat up, too. The paladin still felt the succubus's seed inside of her as she rose, dripping out of her sex. Even that felt so strange and so wonderful...

"If that is the calling you have chosen," the succubus said, "then follow it, paladin. Run back to your goddess, begging forgiveness for discovering what she forbids you to know. Perhaps in time, she'll allow you your divine powers once more. You might have even forgotten our encounter." Laying down upon her back, the succubus said, "Go on your way. I shall rest. A good fucking makes me a bit sleepy, anyway."

Elyn rose to her feet.

She didn't think about leaving.

Her eyes remained fixed on the succubus's erect cock.

As she approached, she saw the wicked smile spread over the succubus's face.

This was sinful.

This was wicked.

Elyn stood over the succubus, then slowly lowered herself to her knees. Holding herself steady with her hands, she descended upon the succubus's penis.

A scream left her throat as the length slid deep into her pussy.

This was wonderful.

Their cries echoed through the wilderness, rising and rising until high-pitched screams sounded. Only a few moments passed before they began once more. More and more semen trickled out of Elyn's pussy, leaking all over the succubus's crotch, but neither of them paid any attention to anything but their desire.

Elyn didn't know just how many times she orgasmed before one sent such an intense pleasure through her entire body that she almost blacked out. Her hands fondled her breasts, longing for another climax to erupt through her chest. A strange feeling spread through the top of her head, but the ripples of bliss from each of the succubus's thrusts quickly drew her attention away from that. So soon after the last one, she was cumming, her screams drowning out her thoughts.

For some reason...the succubus beneath her stopped. Elyn looked to her, with a look in her eyes that pleaded for more. The succubus laughed, and as she sat up, Elyn pulled herself slowly off of the succubus's cum-covered cock.

The succubus reached towards Elyn's head, running her fingers through her hair...stroking around the base of Elyn's newly-grown horns. "And to think you thought you were rescuing me..." Giggling, the succubus said, "Now, my lovely pet, I think it's time you repaid your new goddess for all of her blessings..."

Elyn smiled, and as she inched back, she licked her lips as she looked over the succubus's shaft. Without a thought of hesitation, of how she'd never done this before, her mouth closed around the end of the succubus's cock, her tongue lapping the head and gently sucking. The taste of her goddess's cum filled her mouth, flooded her senses, sparked warmth in her crotch.

She went on for a minute, taking in a little more at a time, sliding her tongue a bit further along. When she heard her goddess began to moan, Elyn's tongue worked faster, licking at the tip for every drop of precum that came out.

When the succubus's scream came, Elyn let out a muffled moan before her goddess's seed filled her mouth. She swallowed it down just as fast as it spurted out of the succubus's penis, warm seed that tasted and felt more nourishing than the finest of mortal delicacies. Elyn's eyes closed, fantasizing of a blissful world where her goddess never stopped cumming, where she could feast upon her fountain of semen whenever she desired...

The succubus chuckled, leaning back and letting Elyn bring her quickly towards her second orgasm. Soon, she'd tire out, but that was fine.

The more one let a new succubus enjoy herself, the more devoted to sin she became.

* * *

With a loud click, the dungeon door slid open. The shivering woman inside, clad in tattered garments, looked up to the figure clad in paladin armor that stood in the doorway. "Th-thank the goddess!" she uttered, trying her best to stand. "Those bandits demanded more than my family could pay...they would have killed me for certain!"

The woman became still as she looked upon her "savior". "Wh...what are you doing?" she whimpered, her eyes moving up from the paladin's exposed crotch and erect penis...to the horns atop the woman's head.

Smiling, Elyn said, "Saving you from a life without sin."