  Recollection

Kyle Petersen awoke with a start. In his dream he had been attacked by bees and they had somehow found their way inside his body. In some strange way it had been a pleasant feeling and then the pleasant feeling became extreme and he woke up feeling his body shivering with an orgasmic feeling that was filled his entire body but seemed to be most intense just inside his testicles.

He realized his body wasn't shaking, it just felt like it was. Sally's body, next to him in bed, was doing the shaking. She held a vibrator to her crotch and had her eyes closed in the throes of a masturbatory orgasm. An orgasm he felt as intensely as if he had a vagina and clitoris and had just finished masturbating to climax.

"I thought that would wake you, " Sally opened her eyes, smiled and laughed. She lay down next to him and began running her fingers through his chest hair, enjoying the feeling of her fingers pulling at hairs on her chest.

Kyle pushed his body next to hers and massaged her almost non-existent breast, feeling the sexual excitement rising in the huge nipples at his chest.

Sally reflected on the previous evening. The "neurotron" interconnect had really kicked in last night. She had been keenly aware of all of Kyle's sexual sensations and he had been aware of hers. The "neurotron" was mostly Sally's invention, a combination of electronic neural net technology and controlled nanotube growth technology that enhanced human mental capabilities. She and Kyle had been initial volunteers for testing the technology which was nearing approval for general use.

This holiday she had brought along a new invention that allowed the "neurotrons" to communicate and last night it had shown an ability to communicate sensations between the two of them. She had been taken aback by the intensity of Kyle's sexual sensations. Much more intense and localized than her own. She had been shocked by Kyle's totally unbearable orgasm, concentrated mostly in the tip of her phantom penis and she had screamed so loudly that she brought the entire house awake.

Kyle's 20 year old daughter, Holly, had been so concerned that she had barged in on the copulating couple after only a brief warning knock. Holly was unshockable and calmly observed Sally screaming while enthusiastically riding her father, his cock embedded inside her and calmly stated, "Having an enjoyable time I see."

Sally had been totally unaware of her presence and continued riding Kyle's seven and a half inch shaft while Holly approached the bed. Kyle had his eyes closed and was moaning in pleasure. He had been aware of the knock on the door and Holly's voice but had been startled by her presence when she tapped on Sally's shoulder, a tap he had thought was being applied to his own shoulder by someone who could only be hidden inside the mattress. He had jerked in surprise as Sally stopped her movement, coming to rest with his cock embedded fully inside her.

"What?" Sally had asked, her reaction to her first male orgasm only somewhat under control. "Holly?"

Since the door was open, Holly's younger 18 year old sister, Charlette, had come in. Less unflappable than her older sister, she had squealed an "oh!," giggled and turned her face.

Sally had felt embarrassed and her face reddened. Kyle felt the flushing as if it were his own face. Sally had been uncertain. Should she stay here with the girls' father's cock embedded inside her or should she dismount and expose the shaft. The feeling of the hard rod filling her along with the wonderful warm feeling of her own vagina pressing gently against her phantom penis had decided the question. She stayed where she was, wiggling her hips and enjoying the shock of pleasure it sent through the sensitive penis. She gasped.

"My God, Sally. I mean, sometimes you've been loud but I thought you'd badly injured yourself," Holly had told her with her eyes mostly on her father's balls peeking out from under Sally's butt.

Charlette had mumbled in agreement, her eyes still averted.

Sally had turned to face the young woman and her movement sent another shock through the penis and she gasped again and emitted a short squeak. She had barely been able to talk. Every movement sent a shocking stimulus of pleasure shooting through the phantom penis buried in her own vagina.

Kyle had spoken up. She had wondered how he did it since he was experiencing the same shocks of pleasure she was. She decided it was just that he was used to it and she wasn't. "Tonight is different," he had told his daughter in a slightly strained voice.

"Sex like it's never been experienced before," Sally had managed to gasp out.

"What do you mean?" Holly had wondered aloud.

Her father then tapped the skull cap he was wearing that contained the neurotron interconnect.

"Huh?" Holly had asked and when her father tapped the skull cap again she realized, "ohh! You mean? You actually mean?"

Sally had nodded and squeaked as her vagina brought another shock of pleasure to the penis embedded inside her.

"What do they mean?" Charlette had asked her sister.

Sally had been Holly's confident in sexual matters for much of her life and Holly had been Charlette's. Sally was a nymphomaniac and correspondingly had been very open with Holly. But Holly was not able to open up to Charlette the way Sally had been able to with Holly. Holly was unsure of how to proceed. Sally spoke up for her, twisting her body slightly to look at the younger woman. 'Charli' still seemed like a girl though she was a couple months older than Sally had been when she met their father. Kyle smiled and moved his hips causing Sally to squeal in pleasure before answering, "I experienced a male orgasm, your father's orgasm and I'm still feeling the after effects. It's really intense."

"My father's orgasm?" Charlette had remained confused.

"TheNeurolink" Holly said using her favorite term for the device.

"The neurolink? OOOOhhhh!" Charlette had exclaimed in realization. "they really work? They let you feel ..." she wasn't sure how to proceed.

"They let me feel your father's sensation, like I have his penis and he feels mine like he has my vagina." Sally had gasped out in response.

"And you still feel your own?"

"I absolutly still feel my own too," Sally had said in a high pitch that suppressed a squeal. The sensitivity of Kyle's penis was reducing and she was getting used to the feeling.

"oooooo!" was Charli's response. "What's it like, dad?"

They had discussed the feelings with both girls openly and directly. Sally had to roll off the limp cock at one point and Holly couldn't resist rubbing at it to watch Sally's response which was more intense that her father's due to her unfamiliarity with the feeling. She dismissed her father's objections with, "just experimenting. Hey, Sally, can I finger fuck you to see what it does to Dad?"

"No!" had been the dual response.

 Morning Sex

Thinking about the events of the previous night brought a smile to Sally's face and she laughed as she moved her hand from Kyle's chest down to his cock and felt it stiffen at his touch. She felt it enlarging in her hand and felt the sensation of her touch and the movement of her phantom penis. "An amazing feeling," she thought, giving in to an urge to tighten her crotch muscles.

"What's so funny." Kyle responded to her actions by moving a hand to her crotch, enjoying both the feel of her delicate labia and the feel of his touch on some unknown sensitive part of his own body inside his testicles.

"I was just thinking about last night and how Holly came in on us."

"That was kind of funny. She sure isn't inhibited. I don't know if that's good or bad."

"It wasn't only that. Remember how she did the same thing when we first met."

"She was only four then."

"But still she came in on us. I got up and helped her into bed because I was nervous about you getting out of bed with your rock hard cock in front of her."

Kyle reflected on the dimly remembered experience. "I remember she had been worried that it was 'swollen'."

"And that was was only partly erect from you thinking about me at the water park. She'd have been really worried if she had seen it fully engorged."

Kyle laughed at the thought. Things had sure changed, Holly hadn't been the least disturbed by his erect penis last night. "Like it is now?"

Sally's hand was wrapped around it, "Exactly like it is now. Except, this time I can feel the pressure built up like it's my own."

"It is your own."

She moved her head to engulf the shared organ with her mouth. More prepared for the sensations this time, she realized she could easily distinguish between his sensations and her own. She presented her genitals to his face and let her concentration wander from the feeling of his cock in her mouth, to the sour/salty taste of his tongue licking her, to the excitement building in her genitals, to the unbelievably pleasurable tickle in the shared penis.

Kyle was aware of the pleasure his actions were bringing to "their" vulva and concentrated his tongue on the clitoris. he inserted a finger and began massaging at the G-spot. He had the urge to have another finger inside and so inserted two and then three. In a sudden urge to fill himself he managed to push all his fingers an thumb fully inside, managing to wiggle them against the hard mound of their cervix.

She was surprised at how quickly he had responded to her unspoken desire to fill up her vagina and slowed her actions on their cock in response to the feeling that she was going too quickly and likely to cause them to come. And she wanted the cock inside her so much!

Kyle took over. He pulled his hand out of the warm, wet cavity and moved his cock away from her face. He quickly positioned himself for entry and lubricated the staff with the dampness on his hand. In anxious anticipation she grabbed a pillow and shoved it under her hips, presenting herself to him.

In the slow, loving way he had always done he pushed the hard cock inside. In the pleasure of the entry, Sally totally lost track of which of them had the penis and which had the vagina. No longer did she or Kyle pay attention to whose body parts where whose. Looking back on it she realized that she could decide what to do with her arms and had no actual control over how Kyle drove his cock in and out. But in the extreme pleasure of the moment there was an unspoken, unconscious agreement of what should be done to enhance the experience.

They each had four arms and four hands which were used to massage and pleasure their two backs, their breasts, their clit and their testicles. They each had two mouths and two tongues kissing in unison. And they each had a shared penis and vagina moving against each other in an unspoken but mutually agreed upon erotic dance of pleasure.

Their voices joined in a wordless song of moans and squeals and laughs which echoed through the house in time with the squeaks and groans from the bed.

Downstairs Holly was making coffee and quickly realized the source of the musical tones. "Damn! I have to get me one of those neurolinks," she thought, wondered which of her four fuck buddies at school she would most like to share it with.

Charlette had been only half asleep and woke at the sound. She almost got out of bed to see what was causing it but then caught herself as she recognized the tones of her father's and Sally's voices in the musical moans. She wondered if her sleep for the remainder of the holidays was going to be disturbed by new and different noises of the two of them having sex. She hoped not. As the noises continued the realization of what was going on in the adjoining bedroom caused her to move her hands to her dampening crotch to relieve the sexual pressure. She might have to give Justin a call.

The "mind-melded" Sally/Kyle organism was totally absorbed in its erotic self pleasuring. Hands and fingers moved to wherever an itch needed a scratch or a cold spot needed to be warmed. As the beast's penis came close to orgasm, the beast slowed its movement. As the beast's vulva lagged behind the beast's male organs a finger was applied to its clitoris or the penis moved to put more pressure on its G-spot. Pleasure waxed and waned as the beast prolonged its pleasure and delayed orgasm. Then it reached a point where the pleasure in its cock could not be denied.

With rapid finger movements and slowed thrusts it brought its female organs to climax and its vagina massaged its penis to another orgasm. spasms of pleasure course through the bodies of the beast. Its penis pumped itself dry to unbearable feelings while its vagina sucked it dry. The joined voices created a crescendo of joy and pleasure that rattled through the house.

Charlette brought herself off and added her weak moan to the sound. Holly started cooking the bacon wondering which of her local male friends to approach to relieve her desires.

The two humans that made up the beast lay silently, enfolded firmly in each others arms.

Minutes passed and the beast rose in response to a desire for a warm shower. The two humans entered the shower without a word and the beast washed itself. It didn't matter whose hands washed whose body parts. The beast spend extra time on its genitals. It brought its female organs to another orgasm and managed to massage a few more drops from its male parts.

It dried itself off and as the reverie of its sexual arousal diminished the two humans once again became aware of their individuality. They stared at each other in amazement. Their prolonged hug and kiss didn't bring the beast completely back.

 A Proposal

Kyle could think of only one thing to say, "Will you marry me?"

Sally was not surprised by the question, it seemed perfectly natural and expected. She consciously told her self to decline him once again but her voice said, "Yes. Yes I will."

They kissed passionately and when they separated Kyle reached up to his head. He removed the "neurolink" cap to look at it. As he did he felt the warmth of her body slide away. He was fully a single body.

The unexpected loss of his body, caused Sally to lose her balance. Suddenly she had only two legs and two arms. Kyle reacted quickly to keep her head from hitting the edge of the toilet.

"Whoa!" Sally exclaimed, unsure of what had happened. Then she noticed Kyle's cap lying on the floor where he had dropped it to catch her. "You took it off! Why?"

"I thought I needed to be sure my proposal and your acceptance were uncoerced, not caused by some kind of ..." he searched for the words. "Some kind of influence from the others mind. I mean I don't want you agreeing just because my mind told yours to agree. Nor do I want my proposal to be because your mind told mine to do it."

"Oh," she had to agree it made sense. They had no idea how much their minds were influencing each other. "But next time, give me some warning." She looked around at the hard surfaces and edges in the bathroom, "and let's be sure we're sitting down."

She picked up the cap, "so do you still want to marry me?"

"I've always wanted to, you know that."

She did. This was the fourth time he had proposed. She'd always turned him down in the past, mostly because she had things she wanted to do that she felt precluded marriage. She had also been a nymphomaniac and unable to restrict herself to one man. But Kyle had been the only man she actually loved. The only one that she made love with. It was sex for pleasure with the others. And lately, when she was away from Kyle, it was more like just scratching a vaginal itch and always left her unsatisfied and thinking about sex with Kyle. Now, after this morning, she was sure she'd never be satisfied with anything less. She was also convinced that the "neurolink" would only provide the sort of unified nirvana they'd just experienced when there was a true mutual caring and love.

There was another reason too. something she'd been thinking about before she left New York. "Kyle, I love you and always have." she began. "You know I've only turned you down in the past because I didn't think it was the right time and I wasn't ready." She left unstated the fact that, much as she loved his kids, she wasn't ready to be the mother or stepmother of young children preteens or teenagers. That problem was resolved by the fact that the youngest was now 18.

"Now is the right time, and I'm ready. I think I've known that for some time now. There's one other thing. I want you to know I was going to ask you this whether we got married or not."

"I'm all ears."

"Nano Carbon Neurologic needs a good CEO. We founders are fine at coming up with the device and have been okay with getting a few produced and the VC's have been excellent at helping us through the approval process. but now they're insisting we get someone with good business sense to take the product into the market and manage the company."

Kyle knew where she was going, "And..."

"And I was hoping I could get you to sell the Sporting Goods company, or at least turn it over to someone else and come to New York to manage Nano Carbon Neurologic. I don't trust the VC's to come up with anyone who won't take the company in a direction I don't want. You know, I've thought it could be a billion dollar company, but now ..." she held up the cap, "I'm convinced it'll be a trillion dollar company. This cap, this device, just the sexual experience alone will bring in ... The sky's the limit. There will be imitators, patent challenges, a need for us to keep our product out front and to make sure the founders don't loose control to the Venture Capitalists. You're the only person I trust to do that."

"That's why you agreed to marry me?" Kyle felt disappointed.

"No, I'll marry you because I love you and want to be with you. I was going to ask you to come to Nano Carbon Neurologic anyway. But, I wasn't sure how to sell you to the founders and VC's. I know you're famous as the man who created a successful nation wide chain of sporting goods stores with the help of the "Neurotron," but I don't think that's enough. If we're married, the founders would go along with the idea and the VC's won't have a say in the matter. It's not a reason to get married, just a kind of side benefit."

"I'll have to think about it. I mean CEO, not getting married. One thing though."

"What's that?"

"The company name has to change, maybe "Neurotron International," or just "Neurotron."

"Whatever you decide, the marriage is on."

After a prolonged and quite enjoyable, non-neurolinked kiss, Sally reached up to take off her neurolink cap. "Maybe it is time to do without these for a while, I'd like to see if I'm better at Monopoly without the cap."

"No, not yet," Kyle said, reaching for his cap."

"We can always put them back on tonight," Sally smiled at him.

"No not that. Haven't you always wondered if food tastes the same to other people. I want to wear them for breakfast now that we seem to be experiencing each others sensations. Let's find out if bacon tastes the same to you as it does to me."

Kyle put on his cap and they both felt themselves slip into the others body.

Their unified bodies went downstairs for breakfast. In their reverie and preoccupation they had forgotten to dress.

Unfazed Holly greeted them, "Dad, Sally I hope you had a good morning!" She offered coffee without a second glance at their state of dress. Well, maybe a second glance, but not a third.

"A bit chilly this morning, don't you think?" Holly commented with a smile.

The naked united bodies agreed and reached for the bacon together.