 Sandy ran the rest of the way to her apartment; she had just climbed off the Northern train line. Being as fit as she was, the run only took a few minutes. She threw open the door and dropped her briefcase on route to her study. She powered up her state of the art desktop and plugged in the new virtual-tour2050 her team had been working on for the past 5 years. She quickly thought about masturbating quickly as she hadn't done so in a few days and was super horny, but decided to do so after working for a bit.

Sandy had joined FutureVision as a junior Engineer in 2045 after completing her masters in computer engineering. As a programmer specializing in artificial reality she was working her dream job. She slipped on the headset and felt a pin prick as the device injected her with a specially formulated serum. It was this serum that was going to put FutureVision years ahead of their competition, maybe even eliminate them all together. The serum was designed to trick the brain into really believing the virtual reality shown through the headset was in fact reality. It put the wearer into a hypnotic dream state while ensuring they felt everything the virtual reality device was showing them, all emotions and sensations were in effect real. 

The other advantage of the serum was that the virtual reality the user was in was open ended, all the device did was provide a starting point, after that the users own subconscious takes over and they decide the future of their session, limited only by the imagination.

Sandy saw the start menu pop up in her vision, it was truly something she couldn't get used to; it looked as if it was really in front of her, and when she reached forward to select her favorite scenario, puzzle maze, she actually felt the button move as she pressed it.

Sandy found herself lying on a small patch of grass surrounded by tall grass walls on 3 sides. She was completely naked. Looking down she saw her flat chest first. As an A cup she was always shy about her breasts. Thinking about how she wished they were bigger, she watched them grow to a C cup before her eyes. This was the magic of the virtual reality, anything she wanted was hers. Looking further down she saw her pussy, feeling it she marveled at how smooth it felt. It was porn star standard. She could never manage to keep it that smooth in real life. She was surprised that she was naked, she realized it must be because she was a little horny when she put the device on. When she looked again she was in a tight crop top and a pair of shorts that deserved the name. She loved to show off her body in a way that she just couldn't in real life. 

The scenario that she was in, "puzzle maze", was a special project of hers, the world consisted of a maze that the user has to get out, along the way the user is faced with puzzles that they must solve to keep moving, once they complete the maze they are rewarded by the device. The device sends a signal to the brain to release serotonin. She knew users would love the game and that equaled more money for her.

She started walking and within a few meters came to a cross road, she could either go left, right, or carry on straight, she went left and continued walking, eventually she came to a brick wall, on the wall was a bunch of numbers, she knew she had to find the odd one out, she stopped, looked and chose 27, it was the only prime number. The puzzles were specifically chosen by the brain for each users specific interests. Being a nerd hers were mostly riddles and math problems. In development, gym bunnies were often posed with exercise challenges and once a teenage boy was faced with a virtual girl that he has to please before he could move on, that one had proved awkward in the follow up Q and A.

Sandy felt herself getting a little wet thinking about the student licking the virtual reality bots pussy. She could see her new nipples poking through her crop top. As she was walking she found her path blocked by a tall muscular man with broad shoulders and big arms. She waited to see what would happen. The man spoke: "What is your biggest sexual fantasy?" Sandy was shocked the maze would ask her such a personal question. This didn't seem like a riddle. She supposed it had to do with her horniness.

"I don't have any fantasies" she replied shyly, the man asked her again, "What is your biggest sexual fantasy?" She turned to walk away, thinking this was a dead end, but was blocked by a wall of sharp metal spikes. The man asked again "What is your biggest sexual fantasy?". She tried to push past him but he was too strong, the spiked wall started moving towards her. She started getting nervous. The spikes looked like they would kill her. "What is your biggest sexual fantasy?" the man asked. She was pressed up against him facing the oncoming wall . The spikes were now 3 inches from her. "I really don't have one she replied." The spikes were now touching her; the points felt sharp on her skin and were beginning to hurt. She cried out "To be tied up and fucked". The wall disappeared along with the man. "You answered truthfully, you may continue".

Sandy was surprised that she had said that. The truth was that she was a virgin. She had never had time to date and she felt like masturbation was enough. Now that she thought about it, being tied up was such a turn on. She was frightened and horny at the same time. She loved it.

Her mind went to her favorite vibrator in her side drawer. It was modeled after some porn star she didn't knows penis, and at 8 inches she had never had it all the way in before. Something caught her eye on the ground. She looked down and saw her vibrator lying there. She laughed and kicked it aside. The device seemed to read her mind too well. Sandy thought about the last puzzle, she didn't remember the game ever doing something like that before; She was worried about what would have happened if the spikes had continued to crush her, the pain felt so real. 

Sandy knew she had to get out of the game and do some debugging on the software, the only way out was to imagine that the game was over. She saw the finish line in her mind's eye, yet nothing changed. She carried on walking to the next intersection. She took a left again. She walked about 5 meters before turning a corner and almost walking into a wall with four holes in it, 2 at eye level and 2 near the floor about a meter apart. The 2 at eye level had a picture of her hands surrounding them and the 2 at her feet had a picture of her feet surrounding them. She didn't know how she knew that they were her feet, she just did. 

She edged closer to the wall and looked through the holes. She could see the exit on the other side. She placed her hands through the holes. Instantly the holes tightened around her hands. She pulled her arms back but she could not free her hands. She was stuck. Sandy knew the only way out. She put one foot at a time through the holes by her feet. As her second foot went through those holes they also tightened. She was a completely stuck. She heard footsteps behind her but couldn't turn her head far enough to see who was making them. The wall she was stuck in crumbled down, but her hands and feet were still stuck on rope where the holes had been. The rope tightened until she was stretched out. Her arms and her legs pulled further apart. The rope continued to tighten until she lifted off the ground.

A voice came from behind her "To get through this puzzle is very simple, you only have to cum. I can help you with that". The man from before walked out in front of her and looked into her eyes. He winked and her clothes disappeared. Sandy felt so embarrassed tied up naked in front of him, she wanted to cover herself but couldn't. The man went down on his knees and started kissing the inside of her thighs. Sandy let out a soft moan; she could feel herself getting wet again. The man moved his kisses closer and closer to her wetness. Her shyness forgotten. He gave her pussy a kiss before sucking on it. Sandy let out another moan, louder this time. The man started sucking on her clit. She couldn't believe how good it felt. She could feel her clit swelling in his mouth. The man moved down and stuck his tongue inside of her. He was tickling her insides with his tongue. Sandy felt her legs getting weaker and she knew what was about to happen. With a loud moan she felt herself cumming on the man's face. The man kept moving his tongue around inside of her faster than she thought was physically possible.

The man stopped and stood up. Sandy was sure the ropes would release her now and she could exit. But they didn't. The man said "you can't leave yet, your fantasy hasn't been fulfilled. You said you wanted to be fucked". The mans' clothes disappeared and Sandy looked down at his fully erect penis. It was the same as her dildo at home. The full 8 inches. The man wrapped his arms around her and started sucking her nipple. She felt it getting harder in his mouth. While he was still sucking she felt the tip of his penis touch her pussy. He thrust gently and she felt her lips spreading for him. He kept pushing and she felt herself filling up. Her pussy was still wet from him licking her and his penis just kept on going in. She was just about to complain that she was too tight for his full 8 inches when he stopped and looked into her eyes. He pulled back and thrust. She let out a whimper. He thrust again. And again. And again. And again. Getting faster and faster. Thrusting harder and harder. She was lost in the feeling of her inside of him and the look of his eyes. Sandy felt herself building up to cum. She pulled hard against the ropes restraining her and screamed as she came harder than she had ever cum before. She felt him cumming inside of her as she came. He kept thrusting as she was coming down from her high. Her breathing was so ragged she thought she might die. She was so exhausted as he pulled out of her that she passed out. 

Sandy woke up on the floor of her apartment. She could feel her wet panties sticking to her as she sat up. She looked at the device lying next to her on the floor. 'I should go in there horny more often' she thought to herself as she lay on her bed and fell asleep.