 Monika finished up her bath, ready for bed, but not to sleep. It was Christmas Eve, Monika eagerly awaiting a special Christmas orgasm, her mound freshly shaven and she was extremely horny. It was though Santa was going to bring her this tremendous orgasm that would cascade through her body in an ultimate explosion like nothing she ever felt before. She lay back the blankets and the satin sheet carefully, clean, the bed freshly made as if was going to hold a virgin to be deflowered. She turned off the bright lights until only the small lamp lit the room, looking one last time at the corner of the room that displayed the Christmas tree, the lights still burning, her stocking hung neatly from the fireplace for St. Nick to fill. She even went so far as to leave out a snack for Santa, not milk and cookies but a shot and a beer. He must get tired of milk and cookies and Monika was sure he would appreciate something a little bit stronger.

She lay on the bed, a short button down top made of silk, a pair of dainty pink panties with ribbons tied at the side as if to entice her unseen lover tonight. She lay back on the cool satin sheets, spreading her legs slightly, teasing herself as her fingers slid up over the smooth, silk top until she felt her hardened nipples. Silk always did that to her, sliding so sensuously across her nipples that they seemed to explode without touching them. And tonight was no exception. Her fingers moved over the twin tips, teasing and tugging on them as they grew, Monika sliding the silk back and forth over them, moaning in lust as the excitement began to build between her legs. She could already feel the wetness, excited at the thought of what her fingers would soon find when they slid her panties off. First her silk top was unbuttoned, slowly and sensuously as her unseen lover exposed her firm breasts to his eyes, her brown tipped peaks standing up and demanding to be touched. Her legs opened and closed as her fingers found her naked breasts, squeezing them gently, her fingers finding the tips, the slight pressure making them explode. She played with her breasts for five minutes, lying back in the bed, her legs spread slightly, her eyes closed as she enjoyed the way her unseen lover played with her breasts so tenderly. 

While one hand continued to keep her nipples erect, her other hand slid down over her stomach, finding the edge of her panties, slipping her hand inside, almost hearing her unseen lovers words. "Spread your legs for me, my love."

She spread her legs without hesitation, her hand sliding inside her panties and running over her smooth, shorn pussy, already wet with desire. "MMMMM," she moaned in pleasure. She pinched her pussy lips together gently, her moans louder as one finger parted her lips and slid inside to feel her hot, wet inner lips. Her finger rode up and down her slit, her pussy lips curling around it affectionately. Her other hand neglected her breasts, slowly slipping open the bows on the side of her panties until they fell to the side. Her hand became more insistent, pushing aside her panties, her ass rising up from the bed until they slipped to the foot of the bed, no longer needed. With one hand pulling back one slick pussy lip, the cool air of the room blowing on her superheated flesh, her finger began to work her pussy up into a frenzied state. Her hips began to move, first up and down gently as if she were trying to hide her arousal from her unseen lover. That changed as soon as two fingers found her pussy, sliding easily into the slick passage, Monika clamping down on them, her lips purring to her unseen lover, "can you feel me?"

Monika fingered her tight, hot pussy for almost a half hour, always wet, but never even getting close to cum. And the longer she went, the worse it got, her mind now just trying to reconcile with her inability to cum instead of trying to cum. She was so horny, but she felt desperate and impatient. She finally stopped, putting her panties back on, buttoning up her top. She flipped off the light, leaving the Christmas tree lights on. She slipped her hand into her panties, closing her eyes to fall into a fitful sleep. She began to dream, more like nightmares as her unfulfilled arousal overcame all else in her mind. 

She woke up with a start, the loud noise on her roof scaring her. It hadn't snowed for a while so there shouldn't be any snow up there that might had slid down. What the hell was going on! Her attention turned to the fireplace, sounding like a flock of birds were flying down it. Or maybe bats. Monika was sure she was dreaming, closing her eyes and then opening them. There he was standing in front of the fireplace, not a hair out of place as though he just seemed to vaporize onto that spot.

"Who are you? And what are you doing here?" Even though she knew the first answer, she still asked it because it was as though her mind had already conjured him up.

His voice was loud and demanding when he spoke. "I thought the red suit and white beard was a dead giveaway," he said sarcastically. Damn girls were sometime more stupid then he remembered. Hot, tight pussies are what attracted him. And they would do anything for Santa. He took advantage of that and them.

"If you're Santa Clause, I'm the Queen of England!" She looked at him. Yes, he was wearing a red suit, the collar lined with white fur, a thick leather belt around his middle and black boots. And his beard was white. He wasn't fat and jolly, his body muscular, his waist trim, his arms thick with muscles. His beard was white, as was his hair, but it was neatly trimmed as though her had just trimmed it minutes ago. And it wasn't long, not more then an inch. And the black belt looked more like a belt you would spank and errant child with, not hold up his pants. She looked down at his red suit, blushing shamefully when her eyes stopped at his crotch, the thick bulge in his red trousers unmistakably a hard cock. 

"The old man was right," as he caught her looking at his cock. "Your Highness," bowing to the Queen of England.

She tried to make believe she wasn't looking at his cock, but she felt the redness spread over her face and neck. "You're Santa Clause? Jolly, jolly Santa Clause?"

"There's a couple of Santa Clauses. Are you that stupid that you think one Santa Clause could visit every boy and girl in one night? Don't they teach you anything at that school you go to?" I hope she's better in the sack then her head, he thought.

"You don't look like the type that would be good with little boys and girls," she shot back sarcastically. This must be a dream, maybe a nightmare. She'd wake up any minute now and it would be morning.

"Wrong Santa. That type visits the boys and girls that were good." He looked at her as she sat up, her breasts pushing out the front, the buttons pulled back just enough to show a little naked cleavage, no bra and firm tits. That he liked. 

"So who do you visit?" As soon as the words came out of her mouth she caught the obvious.

He chuckled loudly. Then he saw it in her eyes, the realization finally coming over her. "The naughty ones. Naughty girls to be exact."

"You mean Santa thinks I'm a naughty girl?"

"Hey, I'm not the one with my hand in my panties," his chuckle getting louder as she pulled her hand out of her panties, her face beat red in shame.

She didn't even realize it until he said it. It was though it was the most natural thing for her to have her hand in her panties. "Lots of girls masturbate." 

"Yes, but they cum when they do." It was time to get down to business. And pleasure. The others would be here soon enough. 

"That's not fair. I don't cum and now I find out Santa's not bringing me anything for Christmas." Here she was, still horny and sitting up in bed in front of a really different Santa.

"I didn't say you weren't going to get anything. I just said you were naughty. And if you obey, we wouldn't have to go through this again next year. The other Santa will visit you and leave you nice presents. A girl like you should get diamonds for Christmas." He saw her eyes light up. What girl's eyes didn't at the mention of diamonds? Yes, Santa would give her diamonds, but first she have to ride that jolly belly and cock before he turned them over to her.

She pinched her leg. "Eh," pinching too hard. She wasn't asleep and there was a handsome, young Santa in her room. Then she remembered his words. His exact words. Obey. "What do you mean obey?"

"You just do everything I say Monika and maybe they'll be a nice set of diamonds on those lovely ears next year." His cock was rearing to get lose, but he wanted to see her naked body first.

What was he going to ask her to do? Her eyes still couldn't tear away from the thick cock that pushed out those red trousers. She wasn't a virgin, but she wasn't sure that he was real. He magically appeared, would he magically disappear just as fast? "I don't want Santa to think I am naughty," Monika surrendering. "What should I call you?"

"Nick will do." He walked over to the bed, admiring the lovely girl that was sitting up in the bed, her silk top doing little to conceal two naked breasts beneath it. "Put your fingers in your mouth." He voice was loud and demanding, not wanting Monika to mistake what he said as a request.

She knew what he meant, her right hand going up to her lips, the sweet fragrance of her arousal wafting up her nose. He wanted her to lick the fingers that played with her pussy. She licked them eagerly, not only because they tasted good, but she had this strange desire to please him. She didn't really believe he was Santa Clause, or that she was even awake. Maybe that is why she wanted to please him. He was only a very vivid figment of her imagination.

"Very good Monika." Nick opened up his bag of tricks, not toys like Santa carried. Nick's tricks were for naughty girls only. The first thing he pulled out was his Christmas rope. Bright red rope, braided thickly saw that there were many ridges running up and down the rope. "Lie back on the bed and put your hands over your head." He stared at her, his lips curled, his look demanding her acceptance.

She did it without thinking, putting her hands over her head in spite of feeling the fear when she felt the red rough wrapped around her wrists. Nick tied it tight, until she felt the tingling in her fingertips. He pulled her arm roughly to the center, holding them there until he tied it tight, the fear rising up in Monika when he stopped and moved away, staring down at her. She tugged with her arms, stopped before she could move them, the rope tightening more on her slim wrists. She looked up over her head, her arms pulled tight and bound to the center of the bed. "What are you going to do?" She shivered in fear, but she also felt something else. Her pussy was getting wet again.

Nick moved over to her, sitting on the bed. His hand reached out and pushed her brunette hair from her face, his fingertip trailing a path along her face, over the soft skin of her cheek until he reached her mouth. A sexy, full lipped mouth that would soon provide Nick with some delightful pleasure. 

His touch was soft, not what she expected. His finger touched her lips, running around them as if inspecting them, moving over her bottom lip, the tip of his finger sliding deeper. She didn't stop him, even if she could, two fingers entering her mouth, making her open her mouth wide, running from her lower lip to her upper lip until her mouth was open in a big 'O. His fingers pushed into her mouth, running over her tongue while she submissively kept her mouth opened wide as if expecting something much bigger inside then his fingers. Would Nick do that? Would he make her suck the thick cock that bulged out his trousers? His fingers pushed in deeper, rubbing over her tongue until they went to the back of her mouth, Monika unable to do anything but accept them, her head pushed into the bed. "GGGUUUGGHH." She gagged as his fingers pushed into her throat, tickling her tonsils until she gagged and her throat opened up, Monika suddenly finding herself forced to swallow two fingers. His whole hand was almost jammed into her mouth, her jaws aching as her mouth was opened too wide, all the while she choked and gagged on his fingers. 

Nick finally pulled his fingers from her throat, taking them out of her mouth, wiping the spit from her chin as she drooled uncontrollably. "Good gag reflexes Monika. I'll enjoy that." He didn't let it set in, his hand reaching down to grip one of her tits, feeling the naked flesh beneath the silk blouse, squeezing it hard.

"Not so hard," she cried out when he grabbed her breast, his powerful hand squeezing the flesh. It felt like her nipple was going to explode, the blood pushed to the tip. Nick didn't stop, in fact his other hand manhandled her other breast with the same harshness, her lovely breast flesh feeling like they were caught in a powerful vise. He would squeeze them, released them for only a second before they would be pinched tight in his powerful fingers again. They hurt, but there was also a strange feeling in her nipples. They felt like they were going to burst, but they sprung up hard, the blood pounding in them. She wished she could touch them.

"Nice tits Monika, but you shouldn't cover them up." He took the two halves of her silk top and yanked them, the buttons flying across the room, the material almost tearing in her hands. He pushed the top aside, baring her tits for his eyes. The firm flesh was already laced with red marks where his fingers dug into the tender skin. Nice bronzed tits with dark areolas, capped with hard brown nipples that begged to be bit and sucked. His hands returned to the task of pinching and squeezing the firm flesh.

One minute he was feeling her up, the next her breasts were bared, his hands returning to molest her naked flesh while she struggled on the bed. His hands were too harsh, looking down to watch as his powerful fingers dug into her lovely breasts until they were squeezed out of shape. "No," she cried out in protest when his head dipped down, the scratchy white beard rubbing up and down her cleavage. She felt his wet tongue lapping her bare flesh crying out when his lips clasped over one her nipples and sucked it deep into his mouth. "AAAAGGHH," she cried when her nipple was stretched by the powerful suction until his teeth bit down on the areola, trapping it in his mouth. "MMMM," she cried when his rough tongue went to work on it, rubbing it, the erect flesh feeling like it would explode. She felt his scratchy beard work on her bare flesh, feeling like he was sandpaper her flesh. He bit harder on her areola, Monika arching her back to relieve some of the stretching of her nipple.

Nick released her nipple, feeling her arching her back. "You like that," misunderstanding her intentions, not really caring as he began to suck on her other tit, his hands and fingers pinching the wet tit his mouth had abandoned. She moaned and arched her back again, pushing her tit into his mouth, his teeth grinding back and forth over her nipple.

If felt like he was chewing her breasts and nipples, the other breast not doing much better, his fingers pinching the nipple so hard that she cried out. Nick looked like he was crazed, his mouth and hands molesting her breasts. He didn't treat them softly like other boys did, but crushed them in his powerful hands and mouth. He finally stopped, sitting back up, a smirk on his face.

He looked at her breasts, his hand prints almost visible. But her nipples were swollen up, dark brown and Nick could almost see the blood pounding in the tips. He snapped each nipple with his fingernail, a cry from Monika, a hurt look in her eyes. "That's what happens to naughty girls Monika. Now let's see what you liked so much in them panties." Nick threw the blanket and sheet to the side, her legs together as if she could stop him from whatever he wanted to do. "Nice pink panties Monika. And pink ribbons on the side to make it easy to take them off. Santa had you right Monika. A real bad girl."

She kept her thighs tightly clenched, feeling the feathery touch of Nick's hands on her upper leg. His touched turned soft, caressing her inner thighs until Monika felt her taut muscles begin to relax, lulled into a false sense of security. Her legs began to part on their own, the pressure of his hands on her inner thighs and the false sense of security by his gentle touch. His hands moved from her knees up to the vee of her legs, teasing close to her pussy without touching it. She couldn't help the wetness that began to flow from her pussy.

Nick could smell her arousal, wanting to not only smell it but taste it. Her legs were spreading nicely, his hands urging them out, Monika not fighting him. Yet. One hand went to the dainty ribbon on the sides, opening it with ease, the flimsy panty falling down. "Do you want to show me your pussy Monika?" As if she had any chance, her arms bound high over her head to the center of the bed. 

She wanted to be touched, hoping that his touch would do what hers couldn't accomplish, needing to cum so bad. "Yeees," her voice trembling in desire, feeling the panties pulled off with ease, sliding from between her legs, Monika looking into his eyes as he started at her shorn mound.

"Just as I expected from you Monika. Shaved clean as a newborn." Nick's hand reached for her mound, gripping both sides of her puffy lips to pinch them together. Her ass rose up from the bed, her legs spreading wider as he yanked her pussy lips hard.

She thought she would cum when his powerful fingers pinched her pussy lips, yanking them until she had no choice but to lift her ass up. He twisted and turned her lips hard. He finally released them, her ass falling back onto the bed, her legs spread wide. "AAAAAGGHHH," she cried out unexpectedly.

Nick took the opportunity to slap her pussy, her spread legs leaving her open and vulnerable. The wet slap of his powerful palm hitting her mound rang out in the room, her legs pulling up, trying to close, only succeeding in trapping his hand between them.

She couldn't believe what he did. He hit her between the legs. She never even conceived of a man doing that to a woman, hitting her in the most vulnerable spot imaginable. She clamped her legs closed, but too late, only trapping his large hand between them, his fingers curling around to grasp her pussy mound with his large hand, one finger snaking beneath and rubbing over her perineum. His hand clenched tight on her pussy mound, finally a finger forced between her pussy lips, his other fingers crushing her lips. "Don't hit me there," she begged, but her hips began to hump back and forth on the hand that possessed her mound.

"Open your legs for me Monika. Real wide this time." He goosed her pussy with his hand.

She was afraid of what he was going to do, but her legs began to spread open submissively, not sure why, her body tense. "Pleeasee," her voice quivering. "Don't hit me there." Her legs were spread wide, feeling Nick making her bend her knees, his hand pushing out her thighs until her legs almost hit the bed. The flat plane of her bald sex was open and exposed.

"Naughty girls don't have choices." Nick looked into her eyes as his hand swung back, seeing the look of terror in her eyes as he swung forward, this time the palm of his hand hitting her fully on her mound. The loud, wet smack rang out in the room, following quickly by her cry.

She saw it coming but nothing could have prepared her for it. Her legs were spread too wide, bent far to the side, her pussy lips pulled back from the wide expanse. His hand swung in the air, Monika following it. She heard it before she felt it. She cried out, but it wasn't so much in pain as it was surprise. Her pussy was drenched, the hard slap hitting her inner lips with a sickening wet thud. Her body jerked in pain, but she kept her legs spread submissively. His hand returned, this time gently rubbing her mound, his fingers pushing between her lips to find her pussy drenched in her juices, Monika ashamed at what he was doing to her.
