 "So what do you have for me, Rob?" Sammy Lightyear asked. She was currently ensconced in a comfortable overstuffed chair in front of her shipping agent's desk. She was dressed like a typical spacer chick; black leather jacket over a black tee-shirt that sported a white skull and cross bones, in her case a well worn jacket stitched with the insignia of the Imperial Fleet on both arms and over the left breast pocket and black denim shorts over tight black hose which disappeared into a pair of black leather boots which were polished until they were gleaming.

Her agent smiled at Sammy from across the desk. Sammy was one of his favorite Spacers to work with. She was competent and cool headed and rarely gave him grief. She was also attractive and friendly which was rare for Spacer types who tended to be leathery and cranky in his experience.

"Well, let me see," Robert said as he checked new freight listings on his computer. "Several possibilities. I'll read them off to you and you can tell me what suits you." He cleared throat and then started through the listings "At the top of list we have a cargo run to Merco. The job is for Universal Standard and pays two thousand Imperials plus fuel costs and docking fees."

"Not bad," was Sammy's verdict. "It'd be a profitable run even if I had to pay fuel and docking costs out of that two grand. Definitely bookmark that one, if nothing else better shows up I'll take it."

"Right-o, considered it marked," he said as he scanned the next listing. "Next up, a run to Esphodia. However this job is listed by our 'friends' over at Galaxywide-"

"Fuck no!" Sammy spat out, cutting Robert off. "No way will I ever do another job for those assholes again. Bunch of cheap motherfuckers over there and on top of it they're fucking pricks as well. Where the fuck is this Esphodia planet anyway?"

"Not surprised you never heard of it," Robert said. "It's a frontier world, in the Outer Rim in fact. Hadn't heard of it myself until recently when a previous cargo run to that planet came through this office."

"Just out of curiosity what does the run pay?" she asked.

"About what you'd expect from our pals at Galaxywide," Robert replied. "Five hundred Imperials. And that's for everything, fuel, docking fees and even my fifteen percent."

"For a run out to the ass end of nowhere," Sammy grunted. "Typical of those bastards. Probably would have to dead head the return trip to a civilized system just to find a paying cargo run. I'm pretty sure I'd end up losing money on that run. No thanks. Next?"

"I agree, you'd have be pretty stupid to take the job and stupid you're not," Robert said. "Next we have another cargo job. This time for Galactic Starways going to Selena. Pays fifteen hundred Imperials but you have to pay fuel and docking costs out of that."

"That Merco run is sounding better all the time," Sammy observed. "Anything else?"

"Yeah, something else all right, something that sounds too good to be true," Robert said.

Sammy idly wrapped her dark curly hair around a finger. "So out with it already."

"Well, a run to Palisadae. Pays ten thousand Imperials."

If Sammy had been drinking anything she would have done a spit take. "Ten thousand! That's got to be wrong!"

"That's what I thought at first too," Robert said, "but no, it's a confirmed ten thousand. Job is posted by an outfit called Specialty Cargo Limited. As their name suggests they mostly deal in specialty items, vintage wine, valuable art pieces, all sorts of antiquities really. It doesn't specify what the cargo is but you can be sure it's extremely delicate and valuable."

"Sounds easy enough," she said. "Of course it's stuff like that which attracts pirates."

"Are you going to be scared off from this job by pirates?" Robert asked.

Sammy snorted at the ridiculous idea. "Hell no. I want that fucking ten grand and any pirate who gets in my way is gonna find themselves with bloody stumps for arms and legs."

"So I take it you want this job then?"

"Yup, sign me up, Rob," Sammy told him.

"Will do," Robert replied. "I'll submit a job request and send your resume. You're more than qualified and your safety rating is superb. You've handled fragile specialty items before, right?"

"You know I have, Rob. More than once through this office."

"Right, well there you go, I'll give you my personal recommendation," he said as he leaned back in his chair. "There, it's sent. Now all we can do is wait for confirmation. Could take awhile depending on how busy they are right now. There's no point in you hanging out here in the meantime. Go out and have a few drinks, take the edge off. I'll call you when I get a reply."

"Sounds good," Sammy said as she stood up from the overstuffed chair. "If it falls through sign me up for the Merco run. Thanks."

"Will do, Sammy."

***

Sammy found herself the type of bar she usually patronized. Quiet and nearly empty but for a few scattered customers who mostly sat at the bar and nursed the beer of their choice. With most of the patrons seated at the bar drinking beer Sammy naturally ordered a whiskey on the rocks and sat at an empty booth.

Ideally she would have liked to have gone to a nightclub for the chance to pick up a partner for the night but previous such experiences rarely worked out well. Trying to pick up girls for a night of steamy sex was usually a losing proposition for her. On top of that she didn't really like crowds of noisy kids mixed with an abundance of alcohol. So it was that she found herself in 'Sammy's Sadsack Saloon' as she mentally dubbed it. A place where she could drink alone with all the other sadsacks in the neighborhood.

She took a sip of the whiskey and then fished a packet of cigarettes from her breast pocket. She put the cigarette between her lips and lit it, sucking deeply and filling her lungs with smoke. The cigarette was old and stale but she closed her eyes and savoured her cigarette regardless.

A very young sounding voice broke her peaceful silence. "Those things will kill you, you know."

Sammy opened her eyes. Sitting on the opposite side of the table in her booth was a very young girl. She looked to be around twelve or so, although Sammy realized she wasn't the best judge of age. The girl in question though was very young and very thin. She also had pink hair and big dark brown eyes. However, the biggest surprise besides her obvious young age was the tumbler of whiskey she herself had.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Sammy demanded, glaring at the girl.

"At the moment? Trying to save you from cancer," the girl replied. "Beyond that? Same as you; enjoying the whiskey and the silence."

"Yeah, well I was enjoying the whiskey and the silence until now," Sammy quipped. "I was even enjoying my cigarette. Now of all people I really think you're the last one who should be lecturing about healthy lifestyles."

"Huh? Why is that?"

Sammy took another deep drag off of the cigarette, held her breath for a few moments before blowing the smoke back out. "Drinking whiskey at your age? Worse than smoking cigarettes if you ask me."

"My age, what's that supposed to mean?" Sammy's visitor retorted.

"What are you? Twelve years old?" Sammy asked.

"Twelve years-," a look of anger flashed across the girl's pretty face. "No, I'm not twelve years old! What, you think I'm some Earther girl?"

"You're not?" Sammy said, her curiosity pricked.

"No, I'm one hundred per cent Pengoran!" the pink haired girl said heatedly. "You fucking Earthers, always assuming everyone is an Earther like you! Fuck, now I'm sorry I came here. This shit seriously is putting me in a bad mood." She slid out of the booth and stood up. "Sorry for bothering you. I gotta go."

"Sorry about your mood," Sammy said. "I had no idea you were a Pixie. Anyway, you know what they say about assuming something. You make an ass out of you and me. You know, ass/u/me?"

"That's nice," the Pengoran said turning away from Sammy and heading towards the exit. "Seeya."

"Sure, seeya," Sammy said. "But before you leave I just want to set the record straight. I'm not an Earther girl either."

The little Pixie girl stopped in her tracks. "You're not? What are you then?"

"One hundred percent Futanari."

The pink haired Pixie was instantly sitting across the table from Sammy again. "You should have said so in the first place!" She rubbed her hands together with glee. "And I was just planning on picking up a cute Earther girl tonight but to think I found myself a real Futanari. My luck is so awesome!"

"So, you were trying to pick me up?" Sammy asked, somewhat surprised.

"Still am, actually," the girl said. "What are my chances?"

"They'd probably be a lot better if I knew your name," Sammy said drily.

At this the girl's face colored a bright red. "You must think I'm really rude. I'm sorry! My name is Aerie. It's nice to meet you, Miss Lightyear."

Sammy shrugged. "You can call me Sammy. And your chances just got better."

"First name basis already," Aerie said. "That sounds promising. So how much better are my chances now?"

Sammy chuckled, her eyes glittered with amusement as she considered the girl sitting across the table from her. "Better. I'm still a little torqued about you mistaking me for an Earther girl."

"Hey, you did the same thing!" Aerie protested.

"Yeah, but I didn't get all huffy and make a scene when you did it to me," Sammy pointed out.

"Oh," was Aerie's simple response. She considered the information and finally came up with an answer. "Sorry about that. I over-reacted. And then I turned around and did the same thing to you that pissed me off when you did it. I'm a thoughtless bitch. I apologize."

Sammy waved her hand in dismissal. "Think no more about it. Apology accepted. I was thoughtless as well. Guess it goes both ways."

"Good," Aerie said. "Glad that's finally settled. So, about my chances?"

"You sure have a one track mind!" Sammy said with some amusement.

"Yeah, well I really want to get laid tonight," Aerie said. "So how about it?"

Sammy spread her hands in a gesture of acquiescence. "Sure, I was hoping for the same thing after all. Let's find a hotel and we can fuck like bunnies."

"Good, I didn't want to spend any more time in a depressing place like this," Aerie said. "Just let me hit the little girl's room and then we can leave."

Sammy watched the pink haired Pixie slip out of the booth and head towards the restrooms. Sizing her potential partner up she had to admit that Aerie made the Pixie look work for her. Her style wasn't too unlike Sammy's. Although she seemed to prefer white to Sammy's preference for black with a fluffy white coat and shiny white boots. But she also had denim shorts like Sammy; in her case blue, and tight leggings around her very slender legs but pink and white stripes rather than Sammy's black.

Aerie disappeared into the bathroom and Sammy took a last drag from her cigarette before crushing it in the ashtray. She took a long swig of her whiskey and let a very mellow feeling soak into her bones. She could feel the tension draining out of her. She was in a comfortable booth in a quiet bar and she had the company of an attractive girl who seemed really into her. On top of that there was the prospect of a very profitable run and also getting laid tonight with a cute girl. Life was good.

Too good. Suddenly all the tension returned to her body in a single massive wave. What if the run fell through? What if she performed badly in bed? Or even worse, prematurely ejaculated from too much excitement? Or even worse than that, what if she was so nervous she couldn't perform at all? Sammy finished the last of her whiskey and began crunching the ice cubes between her teeth as her mind reeled from one horrifying scenario to the next even more horrifying scenario.

What if...what if...what if Aerie used going to the restroom as a way to slip out of the bar and ditch Sammy? She looked at the time and realized that Aerie had been gone for at least fifteen minutes. The possibility that Aerie had ditched her was looking more real every passing moment. By the time another ten minutes had passed she was all but certain of it.

She eyed the clock and debated waiting longer or just leaving. She finally that she would wait another ten minutes and then she would check the women's restroom if Aerie didn't show. She lit up another cigarette and watched the clock on the wall tick out every agonizing second. She tried to calm her nerves but every second that passed without Aerie's return seemed like an eternity in hell.

After another ten minutes had passed Sammy was crushing out her cigarette in the ashtray and about to get up to check the women's restroom when her phone buzzed. She pulled the phone from her hip pocket and flipped it open. "Sammy Lightyear here."

The caller turned out to be her agent. "Hey, it's me, Rob. Good news, you got the job!"

An hour earlier Sammy would have greeted this call with real joy and enthusiasm. She tried to fake it, badly. "Yeah, that's great, Rob. Glad to hear it."

"Sheesh, you sound really excited alright," Rob said. "Did you decide you didn't want the job after all?"

"No, no! I want the run still," Sammy assured him. "Just some...personal stuff going on is all."

"Okay, I don't want to pry," Rob replied. "As long as you're still planning on making the run. Pick up time is two in the afternoon tomorrow so you need to be at their offices by then."

"I'll be there," Sammy promised. "Thanks for getting me the run."

"Don't mention it," Rob said. "You're one of the best owner/operators I deal with so I'm happy to get you good jobs. Well, have a good night."

"You too, Rob." Sammy closed her her phone and put it back in her pocket and headed to the women's restroom.

The women's restroom was relatively clean with a few scattered cigarette butts on the floor along with a long string of toiletpaper which had obviously been trampled by a number of patrons. The restroom smelled like someone had tried to cover the smell of cigarettes and old tampons with cheap perfume. In short, it reeked.

"Aerie?" Sammy called out. "Aerie?" There was no answer to her calls and the restroom was as quiet as a chuchmouse. A quick check revealed that all the stalls were open and empty. "She really did ditch me."

Once back in the bar proper she gave the bar a quick once-over. No Aerie in sight. Before the bar had merely seemed quiet and peaceful with the dim lighting and the few customers sitting at the bar. Now place seemed depressing indeed. Under closer inspection the bad lighting failed to hide a multitude of sins; peeling wallpaper, torn posters, worn floorboards, table tops that were stained and cracked with age.

Sammy decided she wanted to be quit of the place, the sooner the better. She made a beeline for the front exit and pushed the door open and stepped out into the cool night air. She decided she'd get a cheap hotel room for the night and spend a few hours dreaming of Aerie's naked body and of fucking that tight little Pixie cunt while she stroked her Futa cock to orgasm. Maybe she'd do it several times and make a big mess for someone to clean the next day.

She was just about to set out looking for a cheap hotel when she heard a familiar voice from behind her. "I was wondering when you'd finally show up."

Stunned, Sammy spun around. "Aerie! What are you doing here?"

"Waiting for you," Aerie said. "Took you long enough."

"I thought you were going to come back to the booth," Sammy said, nonplussed.

"Changed my mind," Aerie said. "I decided to get some fresh air. Someone was filling up the bar with cigarette smoke. You thought I decided to bail out on you?"

"The thought had crossed my mind," Sammy admitted.

The Pixie poked Sammy in the stomach with an index finger. "So, tell me, were you sad?"

"No, I wasn't sad," Sammy said with the slightest bit of indignation as she knocked Aerie's hand away.

"What? Not even the slightest bit disappointed? Aerie asked.

"Okay, maybe a little bit disappointed," Sammy admitted. "I was looking forward to getting laid after all."

"Oh, me too," Aerie said with conviction. "I'd have been really bummed out if you had decided to leave me high and dry." She slipped a small hand into Sammy's left hand. "So let's go find a hotel for the night."

Sammy nodded agreeably. "Sounds good. I have to warn you though, this is a one night thing only. Tomorrow I'm going offplanet."

"Don't worry, I have my own thing I have to do tomorrow," Aerie said. "I'm just looking for a one night fling myself."

***

"Nice hotel room," Aerie said as she looked around. It wasn't a room so much as a small suite with a very small foyer which opened into a small sitting room which had it's own kitchenette. Off from the sitting room were the bedroom and a large tiled bathroom which had both a shower and bath as well as a large hot tub sunk into the tiled floor.

Sammy collapsed onto the couch in the sitting room. "For thirty five Imperials it better be damn nice."

"Is money a problem?" Aerie called out from the bedroom where she was still busy inspecting the small suite. "I can pay half."

"No way," Sammy said, refusing Aerie's offer. "You're the first girl I've had in...well a very long time. No way was I gonna take you to some cheap motel."

"You don't have to try to impress me you know," came the reply from the bedroom. "I was pretty impressed the moment I saw your motorbike."

"Seriously, don't worry about it," Sammy said. "Tomorrow I have a job that will really plump up my bank account."

Aerie poked her head out of the bedroom doorway. "Are you sure? I really don't mind splitting the cost."

"Do all your dates insist on going Dutch?" Sammy asked. "I said no and I mean no. The fact that you're here at all is payment enough."

"The old fashioned type, eh?" Aerie said. "The cock pays for the pussy. In that case the pussy better please the cock."

Sammy laughed. "Something like that. I wouldn't worry too much about pleasing the cock. I have a feeling that it's easily pleased."

"Even so the pussy promises to do her best," Aerie said as she stepped out from the bedroom.

Sammy let out a small gasp of both surprise and lust. Aerie was still wearing her fluffy white coat and tight pink spaghetti strap top but from the waist down she was completely naked. Sammy's were drawn down the Pixie's slender girlish legs to a pair of perfectly cute tiny feet. Her eyes wandered back up Aerie's smooth legs to the revealed treasure between them.

Aerie had the cutest little pussy that Sammy had ever seen. A pair of puffy silky smooth outer lips nestled between the pink haired Pixie's thin legs, not a hair to be seen on the girl's completely bald pussy. Sammy could only think of a succulent peach as she stared at the slit that was nothing more than a very tight cleft in the girl's mound of Venus.

"Like what you see?" Aerie asked, slinking across the room towards Sammy with an exaggerated sway to her narrow hips.

"Skinny little girls are the best," Sammy said.

"Do you really think so or are you just saying that?"

Sammy lifted her hands in mock surrender. "Hey, c'mon now, I think you're plenty sexy. You have a pretty little pussy. Isn't that good enough? Now turn around, let me see that little ass of yours. I love a nice female ass."

Aerie complied and turned around. "So, do you like?" she asked over her shoulder. "Kinda too skinny to be sexy, right?"

"Not at all," Sammy replied as she eyed the Pixie's round bottom. Aerie had a small ass to be sure but for all it's smallness it was very round and compact. A miniaturized version of the perfect ass. "You do have a tiny butt, however, it's far from being flat. It's small and cute, just like the rest of you. I don't just like it, I love it."
