 Mine is the same ol' story -- an unsuspecting male, a cheating fem, and the male's revenge. Times and places may change, but affairs of the heart remain the same.

I had gotten back from a milk run to the Scorpio system -- some backwater planet around a backwater sol, nothing special. We had dropped off a load of frozen sea krill into the designated ocean site (you've probably seen the commercials on the stereovid, "grown fresh on Terra Remota -- favorite of all Cesto races!"), and picked up the 'gris for the return voyage. Big bucks, lemme tell you, but having to put up with the smell of that shit for weeks in the cargo hold takes a special type. Like someone without a sense of smell. I called the 'gris shit, but someone once told me that was actually cesto barf. That I can believe. Kinda weird a planet that barfs up its major export, but it takes all kinds. And it brings the big credits because it is used in all of the best goodsmells products and for making Cestowiski, the most potent, smoothest, firejuice that has ever run the back of a spacer's throat. Believe me, I can't afford the stuff myself, but we once did a run to one of the really remote mining stations (I don't care how many credits or Cestowiski you paid me, that place was WAY too far from civilization!) Needless to say, there was some "breakage" on that run. Hey... they expect a certain percentage of loss on cargos like that.

Oh yeah, let me introduce myself. My name is Herc (for Hercules) Manly. Why Hercules: my mom was an AgathaChris fan, especially of the classic Hercules Poi histories -- you know the detective with massive strength who lived on planet Olympus. I grew up on stories of his exploits, like when he died on the Nile (some sort of ocean,) or the time on the Orient Express starship, and when he cleaned out the Augean Horse (a kind of quadped sentient creature,) abode. And as for Manly, if I do say so myself, I'm a rather manly man. I stand about 1.72 meters, and weigh 59 kg., which is, lemme see, about 7 feets 5 inchos (or maybe 5 feets and 7 inchos, I can't remember those ancient conversions.) and about 130 lb.s (I haven't got a clue where "lubs" came as a measure of weight.) That is about as large as you can be and still be on a spacer crew -- as the SpacNav motto says, "every gram, every incho costs." As you may have gathered from my job description, I am the Captain of a space transporter. Yes, I know, not as exciting as the little defender craft, but the SpacNav, where I learned my trade, needed skilled drivers for the big stuff too. Troop transports, logistic suppliers, I've driven all of the big stuff. But the big money is in the long-haul bulk transporters. So that's what I took up after finishing my hitch at SpacNav.

I guess that being flush with credits is no guarantee that your contract femcreature will stay loyal to you while you're off for a couple months at a time earning her daily caloric intake.

As I started to tell you, I had just finished a quick round trip, and we had a very lucky trip -- didn't have to detour for scheduled space debris, no stops for sol radiation flares, shoot, we only had to fight off some local "salvagers" once, and after we shot a 50 gig megaburst over their bow (just to let them know that we were feeling feisty,) they fired their reverse thrusters hard and fast, all the time apologizing for "mistaking" us for an abandoned derelict. So I got back about 7 solStandard days early. 

Anyway, I was back on terrafirma early, looking forward to a home cooked meal, and sleeping in my own bed, a huge AeroliftsU mattress ("lifts U on a cushion of air," and worth every credit,) in my own comfy abode. So I hopped in an autoGetThere cab (when you're gone as long as I am, its still cheaper than the long-term park-it lot), spoke my address into the navsys, ran my payitnow chip on the reader, and off I went. I sat back as the cab made its way thru traffic from the S'port, until it reached the landing porch of the citypod where my abodeunit was located about 30 meters above the valley floor.

Of course my abodeunit was the top quality that credits could buy, spacious, well quieted, with actually windows (double UV stoppers,) split with two levels, the everyone rooms on the first floor -- where we cooked, ate, and met with friends, and usonly rooms on the second level. 

I stepped from the landing porch into the entry, and didn't hear anything. "Hello?" I queried. There wasn't any answer. So I stepped in, wondering where my beloved femcreature was, although in the middle of the day she could be anywhere -- shopping, being beautified, visiting, who knew. I put my small space bag on the floor (light, only one coverall suit -- we go bare most of the time during flight - a tooth/beard/hair trim kit,) and walked over to the instocool and pulled out a brueski. Screwing around with the stereovid to check the local Whasgoinon, I accidentally hit the home monitor code instead, and suddenly I got the shock of my life. My heart was in my mouth, and then it broke, because in front of me on the stereovid was my femcreature, bent over our completely adjustable, six-way SexHerHere chair, being pronged by my former XO. I knew at that moment that our contract was null, and my heart broke - right before I told the VidSys to "keep it on mem". I knew that I would need that after my legalmouth filed the eforms on her.

Ah....my femcreature, her name is Pussy, at least in GalaxStan lingua. Her birth name sounded similar to "pussy" so she adopted it when she left her home planet, XoXoDack, for the "big city." It seemed right to me as well, because Pussy is so cat-like in many ways. First are her large almond shaped eyes, and she moves with what can only be called a cat-like grace. Pussy is close to the same height as I am, but is far thinner, although with "breasts" that are slightly larger than would be normal on such a slight frame. Her skin is a very light purple, a shade of lavender, and she is humanoid in her overall shape, although it is very deceptive. She is not from a humanoid race, and because of the different genome (I have, I forget, 24 or 26 genes; Pussy has 84,) we can't interbreed. Not that we can't enjoy sex, just no children will come of it. And the XoXoDacks also differ in some other critical ways; she has two vaginas (according to Pussy, they call them "bratbreedingholes" in XoXoDackese,) and "breasts" that look humanoid, although with a BIG difference. Pussy can control the shape of her breasts, and in their relaxed state they look humanoid. She can also puff up the nipples a bit, if she wants to be aroused. But Pussy can also extend her cones about five inchos until they look like a couple of small penises, which is a clue to how things work on XoXoDack -- all XoXoDackians are fems, but they can also use their "breasts" in each others "vaginas" to impregnate each other. The "male" and "fem" roles (if you can use humo terms like that to describe it,) are voluntary. Pussy and I have used her breasts in all modes, everything to my sucking, playing and cumming with them like breasts, and sometimes she has extended them into the "penis" state for me to suck until she "cums" spraying her juice into my mouth, and a couple of times, when I have over imbibed she has flipped me over on my stomach, come up behind me and, well you can guess. As a manly man, I wasn't too happy the next AM with my ass feeling rather stretched, but when Pussy is in a "male" mood, I sometimes have to make concessions. I've gotten used to it. Pussy is the living proof of the ol' saying, "Once you've had XoXoDack, you'll never go back!"

When I first met Pussy, she was working for one of the big trading zaibatsus -- MitsuMitsubSumi -- placing cargos for shipping. They had their own transports for the major runs, but used indyshippers like me for the more out of the way, and one-timer trips. Not to mention the trips that were either too dangerous or illegal for their own wimpy captains. I didn't fall into the "wimpy" category (remember the "manly" man routine,) so I started taking on some of the higher risk (meaning highly paid,) trips. My rig is fast, I'm a good driver, and I don't hesitate to shoot first and ask the big Q's later. SpacNav training will do it every time. 

After a couple of trips I noticed that Pussy seemed to kind of, the only way to describe it was purr, when I came into the office for my CreditsPaid confimation. I guess that my good looks plus a certain recklessness lent me a kind of panache that attracted Pussy. We dated for a time (in between my frequent jobs) and over time I sampled Pussy's various charms. When after one of these bacchanalian sessions, as I lay exhausted from our recent mutual pleasures, Pussy let me know that she wouldn't mind making our arrangement exclusive and permanent. So Pussy and I went down to the Contract Office and filed our agreement. We made it exclusive, but we set it for seven years, with an auto-renewal for seven more years, without objection. We had just passed the autorenew date of seven years a couple of months ago, and neither of us had made any objection to it for another seven.

So getting our initial contract officialized (thumb prints, DNA samples, e-record sent to the database on GalaxPrime,) we returned to my place and had a wonderful Contract party, with some of Pussy's friends from work, and my entire regular crew -- at the time three of us. 

My purser was an older fem named Marta, and she took care of all of the accounter and businesser functions. Making sure we get paid for our payloads is high on Marta's list. Marta is a humo like me, originally from some aggie planet that produces ugly women who spend a lot of time watching the animals rut, wondering why their husbands aren't as well endowed as the bullcows and boarpigs. As for Marta, who was short but thick, I started to wonder if watching had permanently damaged her. Before Pussy and I made our contract, every trip Marta would try to convince me that it would relax me and help my piloting skills to have sex, and that she was available for the experiment. Ugh. The only time anything happened was that trip when the container of Cestowiski firejuice fell out of its shipping package and we salvaged it and made sure it wasn't wasted. That night, as I got plowed with Marta, the last thing I remember was her on her knees sucking Mister Big, until I shot off in her mouth. She swallowed with a drunken grin, and I fell over on my mattress, out cold. She was somewhat pissed about that the next day, but she figured that she still had a chance. When I told her that I hadn't been drunk that I would never have let her even get her mouth on my tool -- the rest of that trip she was REALLY pissed at me. She threatened me that if I wasn't willing to give her some, she was going to try out the XO. I told her she was welcome to it, and I guess after that she did. She said that someday she would pay me back for my indifference to her needs.

My XO (and loader, and troubleshooter, and guy who can crawl into all of the ship's vents to fix things,) was from the planet Heffalent, and his name is Thsam. Thsam is nothing like his real name, but I couldn't say his Heffalent name if I tried. Thsam is about 1.5 meters tall (something like 60 inchos,) with biggish flaps for ears, a LONG (as in .5 meters) roundish mobile nose, a thin but round body, and a kind of grayish skin, with sparse, course hairs. His arms and legs were also round, like his body only smaller, but his hands and feet were pretty strange. Normally his hands looked like a single round, padded, kind of squared off at the top, cylinder. But when he was using his hands, all of sudden the pad would split into six fingers that could open up and be used pretty much the way we humos use ours. But Thsams feet were just about identical to his hands, and when he used his hands, his feet and his nose, which he could use like a hand with two fingers, it was as if he had 5 hands -- or at least 4 and one-half hands. Really helped when making repairs in the tight quarters of a spacer.

Thsam's real curiosity was normally hidden. It was only after Marta stopped pestering me to sample her sexual favors that I understood just how different Thsam was. Not having seen nor heard from either Marta or Thsam for a while (unusual in the close quarters of a spacer,) I went searching the internal security/repair vids, until I found them in a poorly lit, empty cargo bay. There they were, with Marta bent over a box, sans clothes, with Thsam behind her giving her the old heave-ho. Focusing the camera in (just to make sure that Thsam wasn't damaging a fellow crew member, you understand,) I could see that Thsam's penis, or perhaps I should say peni, were like his nose: long, flexible, highly controlled, and there were two of them! I turned up the volume (to make sure this was an act of mutual consent,) and Marta was moaning and groaning as one of Thsam's peni was in her vagina, and the other ensconced in her anus, going in and out, wiggling like snakes. In addition, Thsam's nose was reaching around her, alternating between sucking her tits, and reaching down to tickle her clit! While Marta was going out of her mind with pleasure, I could hear Thsam behind her, say "Is this the right way, Marta? Is this how you like it?" In a breathless voice, Marta told him, "Yes, Thsam, just keep doing it, just like you are doing it now!" I was actually pleased for Marta, and I was pleased for Thsam (whose IQ was, let's be generous and say, not impressive), and Marta was a much happier crewmember after discovering Thsam's talents. I saw him doing it with Marta a couple more times (to tell you the truth, after awhile it got boring,) until the time I came home and found him doing exactly the same thing, even to the "Is this the right way, Pussy? Is this how you like it?" to my fem. OK, he was in both of Pussy's orifices, and not her anus, but otherwise the same.

Thsam and Marta and I parted company about two solStandard years ago when they went (as a pair) with another spacer who specialized on shorter trips. Too bad, from my viewpoint, but after time all crews like to change and mix it up. We had been together long enough.

So, back to the present, there I am watching and hearing (and recording) my fem and Thsam on my abodevid. If I had arrived in time to stop this from occurring, I would have. I am not one of those men who wants to see his contractfem used by another being. Our contract, in fact, was an exclusive, with no option for third parties, and penalties for making outside arrangements. Now to say that was one thing, but to enforce all of the contract's clauses was something else. I've seen too many times when contract disputes would take years to settle, and the contract judge would end up splitting the differences. This outrage was not going to end that way. Of course the abode was mine because it was already mine before we made our contract, but Pussy had stopped working shortly after we had entered the contract, so by breaking the contract she might have put herself into default on living credits, and any claims to new additions to the abode. I first thought about that kind of thing for about 30 seconds, and then I felt the tears welling inside. No, no, I was not going to let my emotions rule here. I was going to have my REVENGE!!! No one makes a wimp of Herc Manly!

So first, I kept the vid rolling to mem, although I turned off the playmode in the kitchen. I went back out on the porch and summoned another cab. I directed it to the local brewpub where I found a booth that would let me see my abode, and the landing porch. Then I made the cellcontact.

She answered the signal.

"Pussy, is that you?"

"Yes Herc. Where are you signaling from?"

"I'm at the S'Port, waiting for my cab to come home, to my loving fem! Got home almost 7 solStandards early."

"Oh Herc," she said rather flustered sounding, "that's great. Let me go now, then, I need to clean up and get things ready for you."

"I'm sure you do," I replied, in a low voice.

"What was that?" asked Pussy.

"I said I'm looking forward to seeing you," came my reply.

"Oh. OK, talk to you soon then. Love, kisses." I hung up without saying my normal L&K.

Soon I saw Pussy pushing Thsam out the door, about half dressed, trying to get those damn peni both into his pants. They were still wiggling like snakes, and he couldn't seem to grab them and get them under control. I must have interrupted something exciting - what a shame. Finally he captured them and stuffed them in, just as an autoGetTherecab flew up. He got in and disappeared. I summoned the next one passing by, and within about two minutes, was walking into my abode for the second time that day.

I had figured by this time that I needed to play this right, and that might take some time. I wasn't going to kick my double-cunted femSlut out tonight. I would collect the proof of her contract fraud and kick her out tomorrow instead! I thought to myself, "perk up, Herc," and then laughed an evil laugh.

After I thought about it, I realized there might actually be more evidence available, since everything, voice, audio, and vid from the cells and security vids in the abode autorecorded to mem, and there was enough mem in my system to keep about two months worth. Hey, I make a lot of credits; I buy the best. All I really had to do was tell the system not to autodestroy and I could look it over and save any good parts.

Pussy was in the shower trying to wash the evidence down the drain, not knowing about my vid recording. I stripped off and joined her in the shower. I will confess, seeing her naked body still gave me a hard on. A contract is a contract, but I might as well get the most I can before I shut it down. She was surprised when I joined her.

"Oh Herci, you got here soooo fast." She said in her little girl voice.

"Baby, I have been missing you for two months. I have some loving in mind," I told her.

She was clearly nervous, not wanting me to suspect that she had just had Thsam's dual tool up her orifices.

"I don't know, Hun," she said trying to delay, "I've had a slight infection that the Medico told me to avoid any pokey-probey until tomorrow!" What a feeble excuse.

Not responding to her, I pick up the Lubrisoap, guaranteed to lubricate for personal pleasure while cleaning in the shower. We used it often in the shower, but not for what I was about to do. I got the cylinder shaped bar ready, and first applied it to my raging hard-on. When I had plenty on me, I put it between her ass cheeks, and started rotating it into her anus, stretching and lubing her back passage at the same time. This was one surprised fem!

"Herc, what are you doing? We've never done it that way before..." she got out of her mouth, just before I pushed the Lubrisoap in deeply enough that it took her breath away.

"Well," I grinned as I said it, " there's no time like the present, is there. I want to use something new and unused today. And the contract allows me access to ALL of your holes, doesn't it. And you wouldn't want to break our contract, would you?" Pussy didn't notice the sarcasm about the "unused today," or the implication of a broken contract, I guess. Too horny to see straight.

"Yes, yes," came her whispered response, "its in the contract, Herc, its yours if you want it. Ohhhh.." she was starting to get really enthused about this new thing, "I wouldn't want to break the contract. Put it in now!" she practically panted. 

And I obliged her, slowly pushing my cock up her ass, until all eight inches were inside that tight, wonderful, virgin (I hoped,) ass. As she loosened I began to stroke with longer strokes. Then I asked her,

"Would you like it if I moved it around inside, kinda like a snake?"

She took in a quick breath, a worried look on her face, before replying,
