 Note: A silly bit of fantasy. I hope you enjoy it.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"Jingle bell... jingle bell... jingle bell Rock..."

God I hate that song, Lucy thought as she trudged, camel like, through the shopping mall, laden with last minute presents for nieces and nephews who never really gave a shit what she got them. She rested next to the fountain and watched the dwindling swarm of mommies and kiddies in line to get their pictures taken with Santa. Tonight was Christmas Eve and it was their last chance to give Santa their wish list.

"Ladies and Gentlemen: The Generic Mall will be closing in ten minutes. We will reopen the day after Christmas, December 26th at eight A.M. for your shopping convenience."

I used to love Santa...she thought wistfully. I haven't stood on line to climb up onto his lap and snuggle under that snowy white beard since I was six years old. The thought warmed her and made her feel secure and happy. She could see the Jolly ol' Elf sitting on his gothic throne inside his cardboard castle. He's a good one, she mused. The beard looks real... the belly seems solid... hmm. She smiled to herself and thought about going and standing in line. Silly really. Lucy was over thirty years old, but she suddenly had the strong urge to lay her head on his shoulder and tell him all her secrets. 

She watched Santa ease the last child down from his ample lap and suddenly made up her mind. Jumping up, she entered the red and white "North Pole Castle" just as a pimply green elf helper was packing up the camera equipment. 

"We're closed now, lady."

"This will only take a minute."

Inside was a child's idea of winter wonderland. The walls sparkled with glitter and metallic trees shimmered in the light. Huge mystery boxes with big red bows sat ready to tantalize the eyes of any child seeking Santa's ear. In the center of all this glitz sat Santa Claus in his oversized chair, as real as a wishing star. He sat patiently, as if waiting just for her. 

"Hello Lucy."

"Hello Santa."

It didn't occur to her to question how he knew her name. The magic was working already.

"Come here, my child," he said opening his arms to welcome her.

Lucy climbed right up onto his lap. He did indeed have merry blue eyes and a jolly smile. She curled one arm around his neck and nuzzled her face into his beard. Santa stroked the back of her head sweetly. Lucy stretched her hand over the velvety curve of his belly and gave him a hug. 

"What would you like for Christmas, my dear?" his voice was calming.

"Santa, I'm very lonely," she whispered.

He placed one gloved hand on Lucy's leg and the other around her waist and pulled her closer in a big Santa bear hug. 

"Have you been a good girl this year?"

"Yes Santa," Lucy looked deeply into his eyes.

"Then I have a gift just for you!"

"Promise?" she asked.

"Promise," he said, with a wink of his twinkling eye.

Lucy gave Santa one last hug and a kiss on the cheek and climbed down off his lap. She left the Castle and even smiled at the pimply green elf who was looking at her funny. Lucy didn't care. She felt wonderful. Suddenly she was excited about Christmas. More excited than she had been since she was a child. She could almost see those sugar plumbs dancing in her head. She hurriedly scooped up her bags and went home. 

That magic Christmas feeling stayed with her the rest of the evening. She hummed a carol while she fixed a plate of sugar cookies and milk to sit out on a little table next to her fireplace. Silly, really. She thought about putting the glass of milk away. Why waste it. It'll spoil by morning. But, she decided to let it stay. Tradition, you know.

She stripped off her jeans and pulled her bra out from under her cotton tee without removing the shirt, then slid under her covers. Warm and snuggly under her blankets, she absentmindedly stroked her nipple and lazily reached over to pull out her nightstand drawer. Reaching inside, her fingers wrapped around the pink toy she kept there. No, she thought, I want to be good for Santa... at least tonight. And she quickly closed the drawer. 

Lucy thought about sitting on Santa's lap and a flush rushed through her body. He was so big and soft and smelled like cinnamon. She remembered his arms surrounding her and his big belt buckle poking into her ribs. She warmed her hands between her thighs and felt a heat emanating from her mound. Slipping a finger under her panties, she was surprised by how moist she was. She pushed her finger deeper inside and moved them in and out, rotating her hips, warming to the task. She heard tiny slurping noises as her fingers dipped into her wetness. They felt small and inadequate inside her. Spreading her legs, she decided she couldn't resist the temptation to use her hot pink dildo. She laughed at herself, who was she kidding, it's not like Santa Claus was real. 

She reached into the drawer, pulled out her favorite toy, warming it with her mouth and hands before she plunged the full, thick, eight inches into her vagina. This was better, she thought. She pushed her hips up to meet her hand with the magic wand. Her right hand whirled in tiny circles around her clit while her left was busy pumping it harder and faster than any man could have pumped his cock into her. It felt like magic and it didn't take her long to come in waves with thoughts of Santa's hand on her thigh. She floated on the after effects of her orgasm, eyes half closed, savoring the heat in the pit of her belly. She sighed and quietly drifted in the warmth of her big bed.

"HoHoHo!"

Lucy gasped and looked between the V formed by her spread legs, to the door and the enormous shadow filling the frame. He was backlit by the twinkling lights of her Christmas tree in the living room, so she could only see his outline. But, there was no mistaking that form.

"Santa?"

"You have been a naughty girl, Lucy."

"I can be better Santa. Really, I can."

Lucy rolled over and crawled to the foot of her bed, trying to see into the darkness. Santa filled the room with the smell of chimney smoke and cinnamon and she reached out to put her thin arms around his belly, feeling the velvet frock coat and wide leather belt. She felt for his large belt buckle and unhooked it. It fell to the floor with a clunk. Lucy tugged at his pants under his big belly that really shook like a bowl full of jelly. She reached inside his britches and found an enormous hard rock candy erection. She put her mouth on Santa's cock and tasted... peppermint. Her favorite. She sucked and licked it like a big fat candy cane, pulling it into her mouth, wrapping her tongue around it, savoring every bit of it.

She looked up into Santa's big happy face. 

"Santa," she said. "I want to sit on your lap." 

Lucy moved to the side of the bed to make room for the Jolly Elf. The bed creaked as his bulk moved up and he leaned against the headboard, looking every bit like Santa on his throne. Lucy stood on the bed and straddled his girth, moving her coochie in front of his face, feeling his beard brush against her pubis, tickling her. 

"Lick me, Santa," she said as she spread herself open for him to taste. 

She felt his tongue dart into her slit as he ate her like she was Christmas pudding. Her clit was throbbing and his mouth was hungrily swirling around it, making her cream. It was all too delicious. She really wanted to sit on his lap and tell him all her secrets. 

Lucy pulled away from his mouth and slid her cunt along the fur lining his coat, the big black buttons rubbing her clit all the way down his round belly, till she finally found the red velvet head of his rock hard erection. She eased it to the opening of her jelly filled hole then sat firmly down on it forcing it deeply into her, surrounding his pole with her warm, wet and ready hole. 

"Santa... This is want I wanted for Christmas," she whispered into his ear as she ground her hips into him, moving his thick cock around in her pussy. 

"I always try to give the very good girls what they want for Christmas, Lucy. And you are a very good girl." Santa said as he grabbed her behind and thrust into her sending waves of pleasure through out her body. 

Lucy's legs were spread wide around his big belly and she reached down to rub her wet folds. 

"Oh Santa... I'm gonna come for Christmas!" Lucy moaned as her hand franticly worked her clit and her hips humped his prick. "Fuck me Santa," she whispered as her cunt went into orgasmic spasms gripping the hot cock buried deep inside her.

"Ho Ho Ho!" Santa laughed and his balls jingled as he spewed his butter cream come into her hole. 

Lucy curled up against Santa, safe in his arms, warmed from the inside, floating on Christmas magic, and drifted into sleep. Santa laid her gently against the pillow and covered her with a warm blanket. 

He eased out of her bed and dressed quietly. A quiet that only Santa can do. Back out in the living room, he found the cookies and milk that Lucy had left for him by the fireplace. He gobbled them up and drank the milk. Then, Santa gathered up his bright green bag, slung it over his back and laying a finger aside his nose, he ducked under the mantle and up the chimney he rose. 

Merry Christmas everybody.