 This story is a spin-off deriving from Xenowars and tells the adventures of Ellen in search of her kidnapped mother.

***

Anais was walking aimlessly. The white veil that covered her eyes was mirroring the fogginess that clouded her mind. Only her subconscious was awake, looking for a target.

She detected a scent and followed it. It was close...

Her legs stopped moving and she stood still for a moment, thoughtless. She had found a target and was ready to execute her imprinted instructions. A sudden heat ignited between her legs.

The giant slug posing at her feet was in an offensive stance; his front fangs ready to strike with the speed of a viper. It was a Slogarus. They were common in this region and it was well known that their venom was deadly. Although, they moved forward so slowly that it was very easy to stay away from their sharp fangs.

Anais knelt on the dirt and stared at the beast in front of her. The entranced woman hesitated for a moment when something in the back of her mind warned her about the danger. Then, a soft breeze caressing her moistened pussy reminded her mission and she carried on...

She laid completely flat on the ground and spread her legs. Her pussy was on fire now and she began to breathe deeply from the spontaneous excitement.

The giant slug detected a particular aroma that emanated from the woman and this changed its temper from offensive to something much more soothing. It started to move forward.

Anais felt the weight of the giant slug pressing down on her belly and she moaned sensually. The rugged yet slippery skin of the creature felt wonderful on her erected clitoris while the heavy bulk slid on top of her crotch.

Under different circumstances, Anais would be trembling in fear from seeing those dangerous fangs so close to her chest. But her mind was deeply lost in a hypnotic web of pleasure and she was only able to focus on her luscious bidding.

When the slug was in the right position, he extruded the tip of his lubricated phallus and forced it between Anais' drenched pussy lips. The woman's mouth parted with an intake of air and let out a subtle blissful groan.

The thick rod reached the bottom of Anais's vaginal cavity but it didn't stop there. It pushed deeper, penetrating her uterus. The sudden extreme sensation made Anais flinch as she lifted her head from the ground, but the rest of her body stayed motionless and welcoming.

The fullness of her body was so arousing than the pain was disregarded almost immediately.

Less than a minute later, a small white egg was being expelled from the tip of the slug's appendage. It was the first of many...

The slug had a large quantity of eggs stored in its body and it took a long time to squeeze them out, one by one. Anais received each of them with a proud moan and her belly expanded accordingly. Every time she got closer to orgasm.

When all the eggs where lodged within Anais enlarged belly, the slug proceeded to fertilize them. With a forceful squeeze of his sperm sac, it ejaculated a large amount of white, sticky semen into Anais already packed body. Upon the new, overwhelming sensation, the entranced woman could only react in one way... she exploded in a powerful climax.

Anais' entire body twitched and jerked under the weight of the giant slug while the creature sprayed load after load of semen into the tight female's cavity.

At certain moment, Anais conscious mind filtered for a few seconds through the enthrallment barrier, only to enjoy the blissful feelings that overpowered every cell of her being.

When the slug considered it was enough, it began to move backwards while retrieving his appendage from the woman's pussy. The sensation of the fat cock sliding out of her tender cavity ignited a new set of feelings that prolonged Anais' orgasm. She grunted loudly while her pussy twitched and constricted the slug's phallus, trying to keep it inside of her for the longest time possible.

The slug finally got off the girl's body and inspected his work. The large mound on her belly and the outflow of sperm gushing from her pussy indicated that he had done well. Now he could leave and let nature do its work.

***

A while later, another woman approached the inert body of Anais. This woman's name was Ellen and she had been searching for her mother since she was abducted by a slave dealer called Gorogn a long time ago. Judging by the appearance of Anais' eyes, Ellen believed she was not alive.

"She was pretty. Too bad she is dead, her belly is already starting to bloat. I wonder what happened to her," Ellen thought.

Ellen crouched and touched Anais neck, just to make sure she didn't have a heartbeat. Surprisingly, Anais's skin was warm and she had a perfect, strong pulse.

"What the hell! She is alive! What is going on with her eyes?!" Ellen said out loud. Then she thought, "She looks like she is in some sort of deep trance. Maybe I can pull her out of it."

Looking closely, she noted that the woman was completely awake but non-reacting.

Ellen's eyes began to glow with an intense bluish halo and focused intently on the woman's eyes. She used all her power to untangle the captivating energy that enclosed the victim's consciousness.

"I know you are in there somewhere. Try to focus on my eyes," Ellen said to the woman.

Ellen had been using her hypnotic powers for a while and she was now an expert in getting people into trance or freeing them from it. Her eyes were now bright blue, as if there was a lantern behind them.

"I know you can see me. Reach out to me."

Very deep within Anais mind, her conscious self heard Ellen's words and tried hard to see her savior through the veil that covered her eyes. She succeeded and Ellen's power did the rest.

Slowly, the enthrallment started to fade away. Anais' eyes cleared along with her mind. Fully recovered, she looked around scared and confused.

"Where am I? Who are you? Please don't hurt me!" Anais said in panic.

"Relax. I am helping you. You were in some sort of trance. Do you remember what happened to you?" Ellen responded calmly.

"I... I was walking to town and... People are saying that is not safe out here... then... I saw it. I saw the monster and ... I don't know... I can't remember..." Anais mumbled.

"You saw the monster? Do you remember what he looks like? Is he a large humanoid?!" Ellen asked excitedly, eager to confirm that it was Gorogn who did this.

"I don't remember anything... Who are you?" Anais asked more resolved.

"My name is Ellen. I am looking for my mother who was captured by a monster. Maybe the same one that attacked you. I just pulled you out of a profound hypnotic trance."

"You cured me! People say that once your mind is taken by the monster, there is no going back. The monster changes you forever. How did you do it?" Anais asked, genuinely amazed.

"I am... special. I can do things like that," Ellen answered briefly.

"Wait a minute... you are her. You are -Sapphire Eyes-!" Anais said even more amused.

"What?" Asked Ellen, lifting an eyebrow.

And Anais responded, "Everyone knows about you. You are the one who defeated the Master slaver. The monster that couldn't be beaten! You are Sapphire Eyes."

"Actually... it wasn't me. I was there but..." Ellen responded, trying the explain the real events, but she was interrupted by the excited woman...

"You have great powers! You can destroy the creature that is attacking my people. And help the ones that have been captured!" 

"Do you know where is this monster?" Ellen asked the woman.

"I am sorry. I don't know how long I've been walking spell-bounded. But my house is located to the East of here. Will you kill it?" Anais said with a pleading tone.

"I'll try," was Ellen short response, certain that Anais couldn't give her more relevant information.

Ellen started to walk away convinced that she was very close to finding Gorogn and her captive mother. The search was over!

"Sapphire! Thank you for saving me!" Anais yelled, using Ellen's new nickname.

"Umm.. I kind of like the sound of this nickname. If I am going to be a hero, maybe I need a hero's name... haha," Ellen thought smiling and then she answered... 

"Any time! Don't forget to take care of that belly of yours."

"My belly?" Anais asked in a low voice. She looked down and at that moment a couple of eggs slipped out of her pussy...

"What?! Holy crap! I am laying eggs!"

***

Sapphire followed Anais's foot prints, hoping that they would lead her to the creature. Soon, she heard noises ahead and approached carefully, hiding behind an old tree trunk. She saw another naked woman and she was not alone.

"Shit! That woman is letting that monster fuck her. Her eyes looked the same as Anais' did; she must be hypnotized too."

The woman was indeed under a strong spell. She was in a horizontal position but only her hands and feet touched the ground. She did her best to maintain her hips above the floor and readily available for the creature, which shoved his large phallus into her pussy without mercy.

The monster looked like an oversized scorpion except for the head, which was more like a dinosaur's, with sharp teeth and all, situated at the end of a long neck. The creature's cock was also enormous and it penetrated so deep inside the woman's body that she wouldn't be able to take it if she were fully conscious. 

But like Anais, this woman was not worried about the danger either. The only idea roaming in her enthralled mind was to copulate.

The whole scene was very bizarre and Sapphire was so distracted by it that she didn't notice when another identical creature approached from behind. Luckily for her, when the monster charged forward, it bit off only her gun and not her hand.

"Fuck!" Sapphire exclaimed with surprise, "Where did he come from?!"

Sapphire tried to get away but the creature immediately blocked her escape. He was way faster than her and he seemed ready to kill.

"Shit! He is too fast!"

But the monster had other plans rather than kill. The air around them was full with sexual pheromones that emanated from the mating couple and he wanted a piece of the action. Sapphire looked down at the creature's lower body and saw his huge phallus dangling around. 

His cock is fully erect! I don't think he wants to kill me. He wants to fuck me! I better let him if I want to live.

This was a clear opportunity to save her life or at least, buy some time. Sapphire slowly removed her shorts, trying not to make any sudden moves. Then she turned around and leaned over one of the large roots of the tree, hoping for the best.

Hope this works. Better get fucked than killed.

The creature observed her carefully, displaying his big teeth right behind Sapphire's head. But the female's willing disposition was well taken. He quickly stepped forward, aimed his cock at her pussy and shoved it in. 

The forceful penetration brought back memories of other recent encounters. Since her transformation, Ellen's life had been turned upside down and she had experience so much in so little time. Oddly enough, most of her previous sexual encounters with monstrous creatures had not been unpleasant at all. 

Uhmmf... he is huge! The last time something this big fucked me, I was under a strong spell myself.

And apparently, this one will be no exception. The creature started pumping Sapphire's slender body, rocking her back and forth and pinning her against the tree trunk. Before she knew it, Sapphire was enjoying the savage ravishing.

Meanwhile, the enthralled woman was already on the brink of orgasm. Her body had never been so full and her pussy so stretched. She held on to the creature's rugged skin, pulling him closer. Her imminent orgasm was a command to be fulfilled. She had been instructed to mate, to cum, to mate again, until told otherwise.

And her climax arrived with overwhelming force, trashing her body and wrecking her already broken mind. Her entire body shuddered violently, but she kept her hips up in the air nonetheless, close to the monster's crotch, clasping his cock with unceasing need. She was a monster's whore and it was her duty to please him for as long as he wanted.

The creature was oblivious to the wild spasms of the woman beneath him. All he needed was to have her pussy available and receptive so he could pound at her with savage eagerness until reaching his goal... impregnation.

The other monster was fucking Sapphire so hard that she was almost breaking the tree trunk that supported her weight. And she was loving it...

He is so strong and so fast... this is incredible...

Sapphire could feel the fat dick stirring her insides in the most delightful way. The cold, rugged skin of the creature's belly touched her ass-cheeks with every stroke, which was an indication of how deep his phallus was. She remembered the size of his cock when she saw it a moment ago and shuddered in amazement.

"God! I hope this never ends!"

The creatures fucked their improvised partners for a long time. The soft bodies of the human females were very different from the rugged, tight holes of the females from their own species, so it took them longer to reach their peak. This was well taken by the girls which never stopped begging for more.

But the monsters had to climax sooner or later and this moment arrived. The entranced blonde felt his phallus enlarge within her pussy right before a huge load of sperm was forcefully ejected into her insides, making her belly swell broadly.

The sperm that escaped her overflowing body dribbled from her stretched pussy and spread across the ground beneath. Then it filtering into the dry earth.

Sapphire saw the sloppy scene developing in front of her and she was astounded by the amount of cum that the creatures were able to pump into their mates.

"He is cumming inside of her! Holy crap! That is a lot of cum!"

A moment after that, she felt her partner's phallus swelling inside of her and prepared herself to get stuffed the same way.

As expected, the first load of the creature's sperm filled Sapphire's vaginal cavity completely. The sticky white fluid squirted out of her like a fountain, spraying her thighs and the ground below. This fantastic sensation ignited Sapphire's own orgasm, which made her jerk and squeal out of control for more than a minute.

The other woman was already limp on the ground while the monster retrieved his cock from her pussy.

After pulling herself together from her blissful climax, Sapphire waited a while to see if it was safe to move. The creature that fucked the other woman was gone, but the one that had ravished her was still nearby, apparently resting.

Uff... that was surreal... Damned! The freaking creature is still here.

Very slowly, Sapphire started to crawl forward, away from the tree and from the monster. He was still watching her but did nothing. This was her chance to escape.

I can't see my gun anywhere. This stupid monster must have swallowed it. And I am not going back there for my clothes. I only need to reach this woman and drag her out of...

Unexpectedly, when Sapphire was very close to the enthralled woman, the creature jumped swiftly landing on top of her and, with the same eagerness as before, he plugged his cock back inside of her.

"What? Again?!"

Since Sapphire was crawling on her stomach, her anal entrance was more readily accessible than her pussy and the creature pierced through it without any consideration.

Ahgg! I thought he was done with me! Now he is fucking my ass!

Sapphire was still very sensitive from before and in a matter of minutes she was moaning loudly and enjoying this new, brutal ravishing. The creature smashed Sapphire's body against the ground with every forceful stroke while wiggling his cock within his mate's cavity.

But this bliss couldn't last forever. The monster reached his peak a second time and ejaculated another huge load inside Sapphire's ass, filling her body to the limit just like before... But here was a slight difference, the huge amount of semen didn't spray through the edges of her stretched anus. It filtered across her entrails until total saturation and escaped using the easiest way out, Sapphire's wide-open mouth.

The astounded woman felt the warm, thick fluid gurgling up her esophagus and then she saw it erupting between her lips right before her eyesight got blurry under the throes a new, mind-blowing orgasm.

After emptying his sperm sac, the monster was done for good. He retrieved his phallus from Sapphire's ass and started to walk away while the twitching woman was still expelling gobs of sperm that remained in her belly.

After a short while, and with a thin streamer of sticky semen still hanging from her lower lip, Sapphire pulled herself onto her knees and crawled towards the woman. 

"Wow! That was rough. I didn't see that coming. And I can't believe I climaxed from that, twice. I am shameless."

When Sapphire was right above the woman's face, she used her powers to liberate her from the spell.

"Come on girl. Snap out of it. Look at me."

The woman stirred and moaned when the soft, penetrating blue light emitted from Sapphire's eyes reached her brain. A moment later, she was coming back to her senses and as expected, she was scared and confused...

"Wha... where am I? What happened?"

The woman's name was Lyria. Sapphire explained to her the recent events and the woman listened with amazement. She had no recollection of anything.

"I was walking to the river to get some water. I heard someone coming from behind and when I turned, these horrible eyes were looking back at me... and... that's all I remember."

"Where were you? Do you remember that?" Sapphire asked.

"Yes. I was in Kaar's valley. I think it's East of here."

"Don't worry. I'll find the creature that did this to you."

***

After walking for a few miles, the surrounding forest changed into a jungle. Sapphire heard a woman's moan in the distance and followed the sound until she entered a clearing with a few sliced trees. There she saw another young woman being pounded from behind by a large, green Orc.

"There is another woman. She is clearly spell-bounded too. That Orc is fucking her really hard!"

The woman was in fact deeply hypnotized. Her her eyes were white and her brain void of conscious thought. She was bending over, willingly allowing the large humanoid to fuck her, hoping to extinguish the unending fire in her pussy.

The Orc couldn't believe his luck while he slammed his large, thick cock into the woman's cunt. He was a local merchant and he knew about places where he could pay money to fuck a human female like this one. But they were very expensive. This woman had offered herself for free! It was a very rare opportunity and he was not wasting a second of it.

Human females are so tight and warm. And this one is very pretty, even with her weird white eyes.

Another Orc entered the clearing and approached the mating couple. Sapphire was still hiding, observing the whole scene, trying to decide what to do.

"Hey Urdut, bring her over here. I want to fuck her too," the arriving Orc said.

"You wait. She is mine now," was the harsh answer.

They can speak! Sapphire thought, This means that they must do commercial trading with humans. Maybe I should just ask them about the monster.

Sapphire got out of hiding and walked towards the Orc that just arrived. She hoped that she could talk to him in a civilized manner but she was ready to fight in case it was needed.

"Look Urdut, another one! But this one doesn't have white eyes," The Orc said to his friend who was not listening. The mating couple paid no attention to Sapphire's presence or anything else. The Orc commanded the enthralled woman to lay down and he jumped on top of her, resuming his wild pounding.
