 Author's note: this chapter contains scenes of reluctant/non-consensual sex and characters with unusual anatomy.

Chapter 2Damage Control

FUCK! This was bad. Leticia Rodriguez was the daughter of 'Doña Estella'... which made Felicia Alto... Oh shit, ALTO! Of course, that was Estella Rodriguez' maiden name, it now came back to him! The woman standing before him was none else than a niece of the Santa Luisa dictatress... and she was his only way off this goddamn island too. And he just managed to piss her off! Bravo, asshole! Ok, she had a big clit, so what? It was still only a clit... it looked nothing like a man's cock so sucking it wouldn't make him gay, would it? And fuck, big clit or not, she was still the hottest woman on Earth! All right, Mark Sanders, time for damage control...

"Please forgive me, Miss Alto," he started apologetically. "I do not know why I freaked out, this was kinda unexpected... but I'll do anything to make it up to you, I swear!"

"Ah, you are not half as dumb as you were trying to pretend after all," Felicia grinned and pressed the sole of her shoe against his throat. "Anything, mmmmm?"

"You will take me to New York if I do what you want, won't you?" he looked up at her pleadingly.

"You do realize that you've just given me a perfect excuse to turn you over to the cops and keep your money without burning any fuel, don't you?" she grinned slightly increasing the pressure on his throat. "But, luckily for you, I'm an honest businesswoman! And since you've came back to your senses and decided to behave like a good boy again... yes, I'll respect my part of our contract as long as you respect yours. Now, I'd like to hear that you love my big clit and want to suck it! Have you got any idea how much you've hurt me? You've made me feel as if I was a freak of some sort!"

But that's exactly what you are! Mark thought to himself, yet he now knew better than to show it. All he had to do was give this monster whatever sexual satisfaction she was craving for and this nightmare would be over in less than five hours. Easy-peasy, considering the alternatives! "Please, Miss Alto, please let me suck your gorgeous clit," he begged.

"Not too bad, but I liked it much better when you called me 'captain'!" she gave him a predatory grin. "Beg me again! Lick the sole of my shoe!" she positioned her foot over his mouth. "Suck my heel as if it was my clit! Show me how much you want it!"

"Please, Captain, please let me suck your big clit, please let me make you feel good," he begged as started licking the rubber sole of her pump. Ewww, disgusting! But still much better than the prospect of being locked up in some banana republic jail and getting raped by a freak daughter of a feminazi dictatress, he supposed. As he started reaching with his lips for Felicia's stiletto heel, she moved it away a few times while laughing teasingly. "Such an eager clit-sucker, who would've thought!"

Then she pressed her heel into his mouth and started pumping it as if fucking his face. "Oh yes, bitch," she laughed. "Show me how much you appreciate your captain! Show me how eager you are to be my little clit-whore!"

Mark has put up the best performance he could to demonstrate Felicia his eagerness of sucking her shoe heel. It's not like she could feel anything anyway...

"Ohhh, since you are asking me so nicely..." she looked down at him grinning. Suddenly, she grabbed the end of his tie and abruptly pulled his head close to her crotch. "See, this is why I think neckties are so fucking sexy... they can double as leashes," she chuckled. "Allright, bitch, you've earned the privilege of sucking your captain's clit! Don't fuck it up, sweetheart, cuz your life pretty much depends on it."

He wrapped his lips around her organ. The skin was smooth and silky; it was covered by some mucous substance which felt and tasted pretty much like what was produced by a woman's vagina in the state of arousal. Thick but unmistakingly feminine odor of her sex was feeling his nostrils. The sensation was not actually unpleasant at all and Mark felt his own manhood hardening again. He started bobbing his head back and forth trying to pleasure Felicia the best he could, yet he seemed unable to swallow more than a third of her length.

"You are calling this a blowjob?" she frowned.

Mark couldn't reply as his mouth was pretty much occupied, but he tried to give her the best apologetic look he could manage.

"No worries, sweetie, I realize you've never done this before, so I'm not mad at you," she smiled at him reassuringly. "But this totally won't do, so I guess I'll just need to take the matters into my own hands!" With that she firmly secured his head between her hands. "I'm sorry, hun, this is gonna hurt..." her smile widened into another predatory grin. "But since you seemed to be so eager to make it up to me, I'm sure you won't mind."

Suddenly, with one powerful thrust of her hips, she forced the tip of her oversized clitoris past Mark's gag reflex and jammed it all the way down his throat. The inside of his mouth and esophagus exploded in pain, but he couldn't do anything about it: his head was firmly locked into the iron grip of her strong hands and his nose was buried into the blond trimmed bush of her pubic hair.

"Ohhhh, I just love this part!" Felicia moaned. "Hurts you so much and makes me feel so good at the same time! And the knowledge that I'm hurting you makes it so much more pleasurable for me! Oh yes!"

Mark didn't know how long Felicia kept him locked in this position. He was completely at her mercy; his airways were jammed and his lungs started to burn from the lack of oxygen. But just when he thought he would faint, she loosened her grip, letting him pull back a little and draw a breath... only to jam her giant organ down his throat once again the next instant. "Oh yes! That's a fitting punishment for naughty boys who disobey their captain!" she was moaning with pleasure repeating the act over and over. "Oh Goddess, it feels sooooo good!"

Just as her moans grew more and more intense and Mark thought she was approaching her climax, Felicia suddenly pulled out. "Ahhhh, such a delicious entrée," she moaned, pulling him up. Her full red lips covered his and her tongue started to explore the insides of his mouth forcefully and unceremoniously. "I know it wasn't much fun for you, sweetie," she grinned as she broke off her rapey kiss, "but I did enjoy every bit of it... raping a virgin boy's throat is always so much fun. But you do realize you deserved it, right?"

"Yes, Captain, I deserved every bit of it," despite the sharp pain in his throat, Mark tried to make his voice sound playful and sultry. Fuck, was she done with him yet? It didn't seem as if she came, even though he had no idea how a monstrosity like this would experience an orgasm.

"You are learning, good boy!" Felicia patted him on the cheek approvingly. "Would you like to make me feel good again?"

Fuck! The rape session obviously wasn't over yet. "I would do anything to please my captain," he managed.

"Good boy!" she smiled approvingly. "Have you ever been fucked in the ass, sweetie?"

"God, no!" Mark exclaimed. "You do not mean..." he stared at Felicia in horror as the realization came to him.

A broad predatory grin on Felicia's beautiful face. "Oh yes, hun, I mean exactly what you are thinking, I'm afraid. Do you seriously think a girl like me could possibly resist an opportunity to deflower a cute virgin boy like you? No, sweetie, I'm taking your anal virginity, that's final and non-negotiable! Ohhhh, this is gonna be so much fun!"

"Please, Miss Alto, I'll give you as many blowjobs as you want," he pleaded. "But your clit is too big, you gonna rip me apart!"

"Nonsense, hun! My big clit and your tight little asshole are just made for each other, you'll see," she chuckled. "Ohhhh yes, I gonna make you whimper and scream like the good little whore you are while I plow you mercilessly! Aren't you excited to become my little fuckwhore?"

Oh fuck! Mark remained silent; tears appeared in his eyes.

"I've asked you a fucking question, bitch!" Felicia slapped him hard across his face -- it hurt like hell; she had the strength of a heavy-weight boxer. Then she grabbed his chin with her hand, forcing him to look directly into her cruel grey eyes. "Answer me!"

"Yes, Captain, please make me your little fuckwhore," he managed. There was no way of avoiding what this perverted bitch had in mind and angering her further would only make things worse.

"See, that wasn't so hard, was it?" the sadistic blonde grinned. "Now, slut, I want you to pull down your pants and get on all fours in the aisle! Don't make me wait!"

Obediently, Mark unbuckled his belt, pulled down his pants and briefs and positioned himself on the floor as he was ordered.

"Ah, that's a good whore," Felicia cooed approvingly kicking off her pumps. Then, slowly, she unbuttoned and took off her uniform blouse, tossing it on one of the seats; her sexy black lace bra soon followed. Now she was standing in front of Mark completely naked and he couldn't help admiring her perfectly proportioned athletic body. If not for the monstrous appendage protruding from her pelvis, she would have been the incarnation of feminine beauty... but even that not-so-little detail only seemed to add to her allure.

"Enjoying the view, hun?" she grinned. "I know you're scared of what I'm about to do to you... but it doesn't have to be all bad. Think of it this way: you are getting laid by the most gorgeous woman you've ever known. Isn't that exciting? Well, perhaps not quite the way you would've liked..." she chuckled. "But then again, this is the only kind of sex any guy could possibly hope to have with a girl like me and only few will ever get even that chance. So, you should actually consider yourself very, very lucky."

"But you are going to hurt me," he looked at her with tears in his eyes.

"Of course, I will, silly," she shrugged. "And I gonna enjoy every bit of it! But you shouldn't think of the pain, hun. Let it go... think of my beautiful body, concentrate on my voice, think of the pleasure you are giving me. This will make it much easier for you."

"I'll try," Mark nodded. The whole situation was extremely humiliating, of course... but maybe Felicia's advice wasn't actually so bad? If he had no way of preventing this from happening, perhaps he should try to make his best out of it? And somehow, the thought of being brutally dominated by this incredibly hot woman became strangely arousing.

"That's a good boy!" she smiled at him approvingly. "Now, let's see if I can help you with that a little..." She picked her panties from the floor and coached in front of Mark's face. "Mmmm... you did enjoy eating my pussy earlier, didn't you? Here, doesn't this smell delicious?" she rubbed the lacy fabric over his face and the musky feminine odor of her sex filled his nostrils.

"Yes, ma'am!" he agreed.

"See, I'm not that mean, I'm doing nice things to you too," she grinned. "Now, sweetie, I want you to open your mouth."

Mark complied and Felicia pushed her smelly thong into his mouth. "Ah, such a good boy!" she patted him on the cheek. "This way you'll be tasting my pussy while I'm pounding your ass. Should give you some extra motivation to be a good little whore for me, yes?"

He nodded.

"Good, now buckle your seatbelt, hun, and prepare for a very, very turbulent flight," Felicia chuckled as she positioned herself behind him.

Soon enough, Mark felt the firm grip of her strong hands on his butt cheeks and something warm and slippery probing his sphincter. As she applied a little pressure, the pointed tip of her naturally lubricated organ slid in quite easily. "See, I'm in. That wasn't so bad, was it?" she cooed.

No, it didn't really feel too unpleasant, so Mark relaxed a little bit. Maybe he was worrying for nothing and it won't be half as bad as he imagined... after all, the sleek shape of her organ and abundant secretion of natural lubricant would minimize the friction.

Suddenly, he felt her grip on his butt tighten and her sharp claw-like fingernails dug deep into his flesh drawing blood; the next instant, his anus exploded in pain as she forced the entire length of her monster inside him with one powerful thrust of her hips hitting his buttocks with her pelvis. He emitted a muffed scream.

"Ohhhhhh yesssssss!" she moaned with intense pleasure. "I love this soooooooo much. Your ass is sooooooo tight."

Do not think of the pain! Concentrate on her voice! Think of how beautiful she is! Think of the pleasure you are giving her!

Felicia pulled her love rod out of Mark's anus about half-way, paused for a fraction of second, then rammed it in with full force again. Another explosion of pain accompanied by her intense moans of pleasure. But it was actually working, the pain seemed more distant now. The tall blonde goddess appeared to be enjoying abusing his body so much; only her pleasure mattered. The thought gave him a strange sense of pride and even aroused him.

"Ohhhh yessss! Take it, slut! Scream for me!" she was moaning on top of him, as she started to pick up her pace.

As she settled into a steady rhythm, he decided to try something that he thought could make it more pleasurable for her; he started squeezing her clit with the muscles of his sphincter. She responded immediately.

"Ahhhhhhhh! This feels soooooo gooooood!" her moans of pleasure were now more intense than ever. She grabbed his necktie pulling his head up. "Ohhhh yessss! Such a good little whore!" With his peripheral vision, he saw her face moving closer to his. One of her hands grabbed his neck roughly as her wet tongue licked his cheek. Then her lips moved to his ear. "Yes, baby, you are making me so very happy," she whispered before biting hard his ear lobe. It hurt, but the pain only increased his arousal.

Mark was not sure for how long Felicia was fucking him; he'd completely lost track of time. Only her pleasure mattered, he was trying to make it as enjoyable for her as he could. And she was rewarding him with more intense moans and more pain. At some point, she'd put her whole weight on him, forcing him to lie flat on his belly. Her strong legs hugged his hips compelling him to move his own legs together; this caused his buttocks and sphincter muscles to tighten the passage and increased the friction.

Then, she stretched her legs resting the entire weight of her upper body on his back and started to plow him slowly and deeply. The pain was still there, but Mark was hardly noticing it now. Her lips moved close to his ear and she licked the inside of his shell with her hot wet tongue. "Ohhhhh, I'm enjoying this soooooo much," she whispered in sultry voice. "Do you like it?"

He tried to respond but her panties were still stuffed into his mouth and no coherent sound came out.

"Oh, you haven't even spit it out," Felicia laughed softly. "Such an obedient little fuckslut, I like that." She forced two of her fingers into his mouth and pulled the piece of fabric, now completely soaked in Mark's saliva, out. "So, tell me, slut: would you like me to cum into your ass?" She whispered softly again.

"Yes, ma'am, I would like that very much," Mark answered. Obviously, the sooner she came -- the sooner this would be over... but the idea of her climaxing with her giant clitoris deep inside his rectum also seemed very arousing somehow.

"Aahhh, just the answer I wanted to hear," she whispered approvingly. "Such a good little whore. Squeeze my clit, slut, make me come."

Felicia picked up her tempo again. Her fingers parted his lips demanding an entry and he yielded without resistance. Forcefully, several of her fingers (Mark couldn't tell how many) invaded his mouth and started pumping furiously; her sharply filed nails were scratching his tongue and his palate as her love rod was plowing his rear entrance mercilessly. "Ahhhhh...." she moaned. "I'm fucking both your fuckholes at the same time, slut, isn't that exciting? Yes, hug my clit with your ass, make me cum!"

Mark complied. Her breathing was becoming more and more irregular as her moans intensified. "Yessssss! Yessssss! Ohhhhhh yesssssss! Take it, whooooore! Make me cuuuuuum into your ass!" And then, he suddenly felt the full weight of her body collapse of on him. "OHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS!" she emitted a loud moan. Her hips, now completely resting on his buttocks, were moving in a slow gyration but otherwise her body was perfectly still. He felt something warm filling his guts. So, she could actually ejaculate with her clitoris???

"Oh, yes, such a good little whore, made me cum sooooo hard," she whispered softly into his ears as gyratory movement of her hips stopped and she regained her breath.

Somehow, Mark was feeling strangely intoxicated. Pleasant warmth was spreading across his body as his thoughts were blurred, as if he had one glass of whisky too many. The sensation was actually rather agreeable; his violated anus and the parts of his body where Felicia's sharp fingernails left their marks were still hurting, but the pain seemed dull and distant.

"Mmmmmm... maybe you deserve a reward for being such a good little fuckslut?" she cooed. "Get on the sofa and lie on your back."

Mark was eager to comply as soon as she lifted the weight of her body from him. Yet, he felt strangely disoriented for some reason and didn't seem to be able to get up... luckily, the sofa was only a short distance away so he crawled toward it on all fours, then managed to lift himself up a little and finally assumed the position he was ordered. Felicia waited patiently while he was struggling with his journey, but she was on top of him as soon he managed to lie on the sofa. She leaned forward and her lips covered his. It was another of her long rapey kisses; her tongue seemed to be feeling itself completely at home inside his mouth without any respect to the host's wishes. But her forceful dominant nature was only turning him on now.

"Ohhhhh, you've made me feel so good, sweetie," she said softly as she broke her kiss. "Would you like me to give you a reward?" She readjusted herself and started to caress his semi-erect manhood with her nether lips; almost immediately it sprang to full attention. "Would you like me to fuck your puny little cock with my hot pussy?"

"Oh yes, please," he moaned.

Suddenly, she moved her crotch forward and slapped him across his face hard several times. "Haven't I told you that was never going to happen, bitch!?" she exclaimed angrily. "Haven't I told you that the only kind of sex a guy can expect with a girl like me is getting fucked in the ass by my big clit!?" Again, she slapped him across his face a few times. "So, would you like me to fuck you in the ass again, bitch!?"

Mark seemed to be unable to think straight anymore. The only thing he could focus on was her perfect beautiful face and her divine voice. She was his Goddess, the center of his world; pleasing her was his only purpose of existence.

"Yes, please," he moaned.

"From now on, you shall call me 'Mistress'!" her voice commanded.

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Would you like me to fuck you in the ass, slut?" it demanded.

"Yes, Mistress!"

She quickly repositioned herself, sitting herself on her knees on the sofa between his legs. Her enormous clitoris was fully erect again and it seemed to him to be the most glorious and desirable thing in the entire Universe now. "Well, since you are asking me so nicely..." she unceremoniously grabbed his hips and impaled his ass on her gorgeous rod with one quick fluid motion. There was pain, but it seemed to be a welcome sensation. She liked hurting him, only her pleasure mattered.
