 Sara was horny. She wanted, no needed, a good strong dick up her. She had spent almost two weeks alone in the probeship, and she knew she was missing out on the nightly orgies of her shipmates. 

Ever since the nano-vaccines had been fully implemented several decades ago, along with the perfection of both male and female contraceptive implants, the entire human race had become exceedingly promiscuous. 

On Sara's ship, each of the two hundred or so crew normally spent several hours out of each 'day' engaged in some form of copulation, aided by other miracles of modern medicine that allowed significantly reduced sleep hours and virility and libido that on Old Earth would have been considered superhuman. 

Sara's ship was a working one, engaged in planetary surveys and pre- colonisation work, so the crew did have other things to do, but in their off time, sex was by far the favoured form of recreation. 

Leaning back in her pilot's couch, Sara closed her eyes and thought back to the 'farewell party' she had been treated to before embarking on this trip to a distant moon of the current planet they were orbiting. Coming off shift, Sara had entered her quarters ready for a quick nap before heading down to the zero g pod for some action, when she had been grabbed by at least ten different hands. The hands tied her limbs and covered her eyes, and she was carried to another room and laid on a table. 

Magnetic clamps held her wrists and ankles. She felt a woman's mouth cover hers, it's tongue probing deeply. She met the kiss with her own rising passion. Her flimsy overalls were torn from her shapely body, and hands and mouths went to work on her skin, teasing and caressing her. A throbbing penis head was gently pushed between her mouth and the one kissing her, and both girls went to work on it, encouraging the owner to slide it further in, and rewarding him with their hot wet tongues when he did. 

The clamps on Sara's limbs were released, only to be replaced by various hands, to enable her 'captors' to position her better for their enjoyment. A pair of tongues simultaneously went to work on her pussy and arse, causing her to moan and writhe. Another man straddled her chest and slid his penis between her ample breasts. 

The woman kissing her left her mouth and moved to suck her nipple, while squeezing her breasts together around the dick between them. The man in Sara's mouth took advantage of this opportunity and moved around to slide his dick down her throat, a feat made easier by Sara's considerable skill, and the fact that her head hung off the table. The mouths on her genitals were replaced by a nice thick penis, which slid easily into her sopping wet pussy, filling her completely in one long stroke, causing her to moan past the penis in her throat, as her first small orgasm rolled through her.  The vibrations of her throat drove the owner of the dick into a spasm of pleasure, and he withdrew from her throat so she could suck him more actively, which she did with great vigour, in time with the thrusting of the cock in her pussy. 

The man in her mouth held out for as long as he could, then with a grunt unloaded several spurts of tasty cum in her mouth. The woman's mouth left her nipple and returned to taste the jism, which Sara generously shared with her. The cock between her breasts began thrusting faster, and both women moved their faces towards it in anticipation. 

The owner of the cock shoved forward further, so that the head of his cock poked out between Sara's melons, and both girls began licking the head of it. A few strokes of this and he gave a cry of pleasure, squirting his gooey load over both their faces and into their waiting mouths. They joined their mouths again over the head of his cock and sucked on his head some more, causing him to shake all over with the intense pleasure, until he could take no more and climbed off. 

By now the cock in Sara's pussy was building her to really good orgasm, much more powerful than her earlier "preview". The man driving it into her began thrusting at her with full force, everyone knew Sara liked it hard, and this guy knew how to give it to her. 

The hands on her held her firm while the man pounded into her, and she thrust back at him as they fucked like wild animals. Neither of them could sustain that intensity for long and after a minute or two they both erupted in orgasm, the man letting go first, with spurt after spurt of hot come flooding Sara's already wet pussy, his frenzied thrusting as he did so pushed Sara over the edge, and she let out a howl of pleasure and began to shake all over with a huge orgasm. 

The others in the room applauded, then leaned forward to hug and caress her. Someone removed her blindfold, and she recognised her favourite sex partners, all around her, while on the ship's monitor's she could see that her going away bonk had been broadcast all over the ship. 

Taking a few moments to recover she then breathed "don't stop, I'm just getting going. A cheer went round the room (especially from those still waiting with fresh erections. There were seven men in the room and one other woman, Lucy, a nurse from 'C' deck who almost never stopped fucking, as her line of work allowed her to participate much of the day as well. One of the men climbed onto his back on table, his shapely and very hard cock waving invitingly at Sara. 

She climbed astride him, and lowered her sloppy pussy onto his dick. He groaned as her wetness enveloped him, clearly enjoying the feel of a well fucked pussy. Few of the men on the ship would turn their nose up at sloppy seconds, (or fourths or fifths for that matter) and many preferred it, saying it felt better. 

Sara's latest cock slid freely in and out of her with the copious lubrication oozing from her pussy, and she rode the man with a fast bouncy rhythm, gyrating her hips to rub her clit against his pubic area, which was all but hairless, as most of the crew were, another medical breakthrough had made that little personal hygiene task a formality, and most, but not all, preferred the feeling of bare genitals. 

Some kept a patch for decoration, but Sara had removed all of hers, and the effect was spectacular, especially with a coating of creamy sperm. Sara felt a tongue brush her anus, and bent forward to allow easier access. 

As she did so she looked to her left, where Lucy was bending over the table, getting her pussy rammed from behind by a tall blond guy named Jimmy, and clearly enjoying it. As Sara watched, Jimmy pulled out, his cock glistening with her juices, and another guy took his place. The pair of them alternated every minute or so, their different shapes cocks and varied actions giving Lucy an excellent shafting, evident from her foul mouthed urgings and squeals of pleasure. 

Sara's 'horsie' reached down to her hips and lifted her off of his cock, holding her in the air. At first she thought he was teasing her, but the guy who had been licking her anus shoved his fully erect dick into her pussy, causing her to gasp in pleasure and surprise. He fucked her for a few strokes, then the guy beneath impaled her again for a few strokes, then the guy from behind. 

Just as Sara was getting used to the rhythm, and enjoying it immensely, the guy beneath her pulled her down on his cock and held her there. The guy behind her placed his cock, now coated with jism and plenty of Sara's pussy juices, which had been flowing freely since her pussy was first filled with cock, against her anus and gently but steadily drove it into her arse. 

Sara groaned with the sensation of being completely filled with cock, and began gyrating her hips to increase the sensations. The two guys set up a rhythm and began fucking her just how she liked it, their cocks buried balls deep in both her holes. Another orgasm swept over her, this time causing her to clamp down on both the cocks inside her. Her extremely well toned pubic muscles squeezed the men so hard they had to hold her hips and push into her just keep inside her. As she finished spasming, both men went wild and slammed into her furiously, dumping huge loads of hot come inside her almost simultaneously. 

Meanwhile Jimmy had gotten on the table, and Lucy had lain on top of him, her back against his chest, and his cock filling her pussy. The other guy was now trying to get his cock in there as well, and with a bit of wiggling and coaxing Lucy soon had two hard cocks stuffed inside her pussy. Both men began thrusting into her, and soon her juices began to flow out past their cocks. Sara, temporarily unoccupied, crawled underneath and began licking Lucy's tasty juices from the men's balls and shafts. She then moved up top and began sucking on Lucy's clit. 

She moved around to a 69 position, and Lucy began sucking the latest batch of cum from her cunt. Another man moved up and slid his cock effortlessly into Sara's gaping asshole. The five horny crew members stayed in this position for several minutes, fucking each other senseless. The men began to unload their sticky jism, first the guy in Sara's arse, then the two in Lucy's pussy. The girls clamped their mouths on each other's clits and came together simultaneously seconds later, the whole five-some thrashing around with wild abandon. Sara licked the cocks of the two men as they pulled out of Lucy's sopping wet pussy, then rolled onto her back to take another hard cock into her own pussy. 

Lucy stood up and straddled Sara's face, her pussy about two feet above her. With a grin she spread her pussy lips, and squeezed her cunt muscles, squirting the two men's jism onto Sara's face and tits, her famous party trick. She stepped off the table and began rubbing the goo over Sara's skin, then bent forward and began licking it off. 

The other three men in the room gathered around, rubbing their again-hard cocks, preparing for the "finale". The four men took turns shoving their dicks into Sara and Lucy's pussys and mouths, the two sluts revelling in the abundance of cock flesh, until the men were all about to come. 

Sara got down on her hands and knees, and Lucy lay on her back and slid between her legs, her head facing Sara's feet, and her tongue resting on Sara's clit. The first of the men stepped forward, shoving his cock full length into Sara's pussy. He rammed her for a few strokes, the pulled out and pushed the head of his cock against her throbbing clit and Lucy's tongue. Unleashing his load, he gave Sara another powerful orgasm, as the hot liquid was forced against her clit, and the head of dick throbbed in contact with it. His jism dripped into Lucy's waiting mouth and she swirled it across Sara's clit again. The man was replaced by another and another and another, who all did the same, driving Sara wild with almost continuous orgasms, and coating both women with hot white sticky sperm.