 Second chapter of former porn star Sarah as a time traveler.

Sarah Young tumbled over and over in a slow motion free fall in some sort of half dream state. Although she was aware of a stream of lurid colours and streaks of light that flashed in her eyes. 

She had entered the time tunnel at great personal risk in an attempt to prove to the authorities that Project Tic Toc was a valid and important contribution to science and still needed to be funded. 

General Kirk and Doctor Ann McGregor were now aware Sarah was in the time vortex and tried their best to monitor her vital signs and attempt to return her to 1993. 

Having tracked her to ancient Egypt they had lost her in the infinite corridors of time.

"Its a simple question of waiting till she emerges from the vortex and reappears."

Kirk looked at Ann with a concerned frown. Success meant everything, failure meant their jobs. He put a hand on the shoulder of her white coat . 

"Where will she turn up next, I wonder?"

The attractive brunette finally emerged from the vortex and was dropped onto a plush leather armchair seat with a hard landing. First thing she did was exhale loudly and count to five, then she slowly opened her dark brown eyes. 

She seemed to be in a narrow room with rows of similar chairs, with windows either side that were had little curtains half drawn. A loud kind of clacking sound could be heard.

Then it dawned on her that she was aboard a railway train that rocked noisily along steel tracks. Low light electric lamps with shades threw some light on the surroundings and Sarah was aware of gentlemen in dark suits and tuxedos walking the aisles. A short haired blonde in a beret and cocktail dress looked at her as she passed then continued to the rear of the coach. 

Sarah felt the heat of the train, the air seemed stuffy and she waved her hand in front of her face. Her arms were bare and she looked down at herself to discover she was in a slinky evening dress with a jagged hem near her feet which were in three inch heeled strap shoes in metallic silver. The dress was tight at the waist and together with the cascading centre neckline, her mammoth 42DD breasts were thrust out. 

Sarah Young stood up slightly dizzy from her experience in the tunnel and smoothed out the dress. She clung to the high backed chair and felt a strong hand hold her up.

"Careful Miss, it takes a while to get used to being aboard the Orient Express, we're going at nearly 60 miles an hour!"

The scarlet uniformed aide smiled and walked away happily. He carried a silver tray with three wine glasses in his white gloved hand.

Sarah peered after him as he headed to the next coach where she could hear loud chatter and laughter. She got to her feet and walked along the narrow aisle, the train rolled and rocked and she used the chair backs as hand rails to steady herself. 

Again she was surprised and fascinated to discover her attire had changed to align her with whatever time she had arrived at. 

With a nervous gulp she opened the car door to see what was obviously a sumptuous wood panelled restaurant coach filled with dozens of men and women.

The people all seemed European, the men were dark haired mostly and the women were in long cocktail dresses and hats. 

On the tables Sarah saw plates of oysters, soup, beef, turkey and steamed vegetables. All the drinks seemed to be either wine or sherry. These passengers are pretty wealthy she thought and this train was a luxury ride.

As she was lost in the wonder of it all a tall square jawed man brushed her bare arm and made her jump. She locked eyes with his brooding dark brown eyes as he ran a hand through thick black hair. He said nothing and Sarah felt her heart leap in her chest as she watched the mystery man turn and walk away. He filled out his white tuxedo with broad shoulders and strong biceps.

"Raise your glasses everyone! Merry Christmas!"

Everyone cheered and drank and laughed. A jolly obese man kissed her cheek and reeled away, a woman with a full glass of champagne spilled it out by her shoes and Sarah retreated to an empty table and watched the scene. She looked up at another man with a grey beard and eyeglasses who loomed over her. 

"Best party ever! Better than Christmas 1930!" I love the Orient Express!!"

Was it true? She again studied her dress, could well be 30's style. She touched her long mane of curls. They were piled up on her head, with a tail down the back of her neck. Out the window she saw snow covered hills as the train clattered on.

Sarah Young wandered out of the coach, and walked down a narrow corridor past passenger berths, occasionally she stopped as the train turned a corner. She came into what appeared the last coach before the baggage car. It was empty and she sat on one of the comfortable armchair seats and closed her eyes. 

When she opened them again a shadow darkened her figure and the tall dark stranger she had bumped earlier stood over her.

The brunette licked her red lips and her beautiful doe like brown eyes stared into his as she raised her head. 

Mystery man put his left hand to her pale cheek and caressed her gently, Sarah melted and put her slim hand on his and felt the rough skin. She shut her eyes as he wandered over her bare neck with his finger tips and softly trailed down to her collarbone. 

She sighed and shifted her legs, her right hand went to her thigh and touched a garter that held up white stockings. 

No words passed between the two as the man held her mammoth right breast through her dress and squeezed the big globe. She turned to him and he leaned in to kiss her full on the lips. She returned the open mouthed embrace and ran her left hand through his thick hair.

Sarah loved to kiss and this man was good. He nibbled her lower lip tenderly then kissed her open mouth as he brushed her bangs from her pretty face. She felt his tongue lick her cheek then return to her parted lips and poked his tongue inside her sweet mouth. They engaged in a lingering French kiss that lasted several minutes during which he slipped beside her and pulled her body to his. 

Sarah surrendered herself to him willingly consumed with lust for the handsome hunk and spread her legs to let him stroke her stockinged legs. The stranger lifted her lace and purple dress up to her waist followed by the silk salmon teddy underneath. 

He bent to her exposed mound and ran his fingers up and down her soft inner thighs he kissed her stomach. She moaned with delight at his attention and pressed his head closer to her shaven pussy eager for him to lick her there. 

The brooding stranger felt her tuft of pubic hair under his fingers then found her hooded clitoris and flicked at it with quick stabs of his hot tongue.

The aroused English girl writhed and squirmed on her cute ass as he sent shivers of pleasure through her body. With her right hand she lowered the thin strap of her dress from her right shoulder released her large rounded boob and thumbed the erect nipple.

The silent man shed his tuxedo from his arms and loosened the bow tie from his bull neck and wrapped his arms around the aroused girl and shifted her body around in front of him. 

Sarah helped and lifted her long dress up over her perfect ass and raised up on her knees as he unbuttoned his fly and reached inside his trousers for his erect cock.

Her head bent down and she bit her lower lip as she felt his thick tip swipe at her wet pussy lips. The mans left hand fished out her left boob and cupped the immense flesh and fed his thick organ into Sarah's hungry cunt. 

She let out a loud cry as he thrust up with powerful hips and stuffed her hot hole with his entire length. He muffled her moans with his right hand as he continued to paw her tit.

Sarah had not caught sight of his prick and had no idea how big he was, but she felt completely filled as the quiet stranger fucked her from behind. 

With little whimpers she humped back at him with sheer lust for his meat. It was a delicious feeling too have her pussy walls stretched by this hunk and her left hand found its way to her stiff clit and rubbed furiously. 

The motion of the train meant now and again Sarah grabbed hold of the arms of the chair, and twice she felt the hot cock slip out of her and she wiggled her butt till he inserted his big prick inside her once more. 

Mystery man speeded up his thrusts and he rammed into her with short shallow stabs of his tool. His left hand let her big boob go and he pulled on her pony tail and brought her head back. His face came to her soft neck and he nibbled on her skin and ear.  

The whole of her body tingled like mad as the man expertly pleasured her. They were both upright on their knees and pressed together tightly, coupled at the groin. 

Then he pushed up her with one single hard lunge and the grateful brunette sighed as she felt him gush his seed up inside her pussy. He gripped her in his strong arms as he slipped out spent. Sarah's cunt dripped freely down her left thigh and stained her stocking. 

She adjusted her silk teddy and dress and turned around to discover he was gone. On her feet she adjusted her mess of hair and stood slightly wobbly and fingered her wet pussy. Quite a lot of cum, and she didn't even see his cock once. 

She heard a loud horn as the train entered a tunnel, and the coach went dark. When the light came back there was another tall man in the frame of the door. He looked similar to the other and this time spoke.

"Hello, do you speak English?"

The man ignored her and came to her and without warning lifted her up in his powerful arms and carried her down the corridor to the first sleeping coach. Sarah put her head on his shoulders and her arms around his neck as he carried her over the threshold and placed her on the single bed.

He shed his white tuxedo and ruffled shirt to reveal a well developed torso with dark hair on his upper chest. As he unbuttoned his black slacks she eyed his six pack and prominent abs admiringly. Without words Sarah lowered the thin straps of her dress and let it fall away to her shoes. Then she grabbed the hem of the teddy and dragged it over her head so her magnificent breasts were bared. 

Naked in her stockings and garters Sarah Young laid back on the single bed and parted her thighs. Semen still stained her skin from the quickie she just had and she licked her fingers and wetted her skin.

Now her new mystery man stood before her totally nude and idly stroked an impressive pole in his right hand. His quads and calves were muscled and taut as he settled between Sarah's thighs and fed his cock to her waiting hot cunt. 

With a shift of his hips he was all in and wasted no time and pounded her hard and fast . She reached up her arms to pull his face to hers and their mouths met, both their tongues searched for the other. 

The silent stranger placed his forearms under her thighs and raised her legs up alongside her shoulders. His big balls slapped at her upturned ass as he slammed in deep, the shallow angle meant his thick meat scraped the walls of her tunnel in an exquisite and intense sensation.

Sarah shrieked and shook her head side to side on the solitary pillow as her pussy was plowed into. The dark haired man fucked with steady and even strokes, his feet dug into the mattress. The horn of the train sounded loudly again which muffled Sarah's scream as she came with a violent shudder. She bit the mans shoulder and left a red welt on his flesh. Her shoes were beside her face now as she was smashed into the bed with power thrusts that buried his rigid cock deep up her slick pussy. Sweat poured from them both.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"WAIT, I HAVE VISUAL." Ann cheered and sat up in her chair excited and looked around for General Kirk. He turned from his consultation with two of the project specialists and came over to the entrance to the time tunnel. 

"Can you see Sarah? Where, WHEN is she?" 

The Tic Toc HQ had been a hive of activity since Sarah Young had entered the cylindrical hallway and activated the time machine. This had been the first time ever the time and space continuum had been used by a human and nobody had any idea what to expect. The base was in a secluded area in Arizona, deep underground and had been funded by the US government until recent concerns had been expressed about the premise of time travel.

"The picture seems a bit fuzzy, let me increase the fluctuation of the spectral reach."

Kirk watched her as she worked wonders with her computer and gazed up at the tunnel screen as a shimmer of light cleared to real images of the living past.

"There, looks like a steam engine from the mid thirties."

Ann squinted at the hazy pictures. Then she realised what they were.

"It looks like the Orient Express, the Paris to Constantinople journey. Many wealthy diplomats and royalty rode that train." 

Ann read Sarah Young's vital signs. Heart rate was up, temperature up too. 

The General yelled out as he saw a small room appear clearly. 

"There! I See her." 

They both looked up to see Sarah on her knees in a small sleeping compartment, naked and engaged in intent concentration as she sucked on a thick erection. The naked man she pleasured held her by the hair as he bucked his hips in time with her. She had a firm grip on the base of his rigid prick as her head moved back and forth along the long stalk. Saliva drooled over her pursed red lips and had her eyes raised up in rapt attention at the handsome hunk. 

"Great, she seems adjusted to the present situation!" He said sarcastically. 

General Kirk shook his head at the sight on the screen. Most of the engineers and crew all leered at Sarah on the giant visual aide as she wanked her hand on the stiff cock and aimed it at her large mammaries as the man erupted and soaked her tits with his cum.

With both hands she smeared the white cream into her silky skin and threw her head back contented. 

Next thing she knew she was bundled up and her things handed to her, then she was shown the door to the compartment and shoved into the corridor still naked and sticky.

An elegant lady in an expensive evening dress passed her and looked at Sarah with a disgusted sneer. 

"Common whore!" She exclaimed. 

Sarah quickly hid her curves with her garments and fluffed her mass of curls that had lost the pony tail and spilled out over her creamy shoulders and big tits. 

"You DO know that Prince Leopold of Belgium and his brother Albert are aboard this train young lady, don't you?"

The angry lady stormed off to her berth. Was that the brothers who had fucked her? 

They seemed aloof and confident, and dressed in style. Were they famous? 

"Bring her back Ann, we need her back NOW!" 

Doctor Ann McGregor did her best and then with a flash Sarah Young disappeared from the Orient Express and tumbled again into an endless abyss.

Next chapter, Sarah meets Robin Hood.