 The 'ship', an amorphous blob, glowing a pale pink colour, had appeared on Sara's scanners only hours before. Now, with a deep breath, she squeezed her ample breasts into the skin tight pressure suit and zipped it up. Fitting the oxygen supply into her nostrils, she stepped into the airlock joining the two vessels. The ships scans indicated a breathable atmosphere, but it seemed safer to use full gear. 

As she entered the alien ship's interior, Sara was taken aback by the subtle beauty of its décor, while a gentle yet compelling music wafted into her ears. Completing direct atmosphere observations and finding nothing to worry about, Sara removed her oxygen gear, although she kept her pressure suit on for modesty reasons, as she wore nothing underneath it. 

Sara moved forward down a wide passageway, and as she rounded a corner she saw the craft's occupant, a seven foot tall smooth purple cylinder. Initially apprehensive, Sara found herself relaxing as the pleasant surroundings and enticing music soothed her nerves. 

She felt a touch on her mind, a presence. The creature seemed to be introducing itself, and at the same time gauging her feelings toward it. Not used to psychic communication, Sara was defensive at first, but her curiosity soon overcame this, and the two beings began to learn about each other. 

Sara learned that the creature was male, and had lost contact with its race after his ship fell into a wormhole. Sara could feel his loneliness, and though he tried to conceal it, his raging desire. While Sara was nothing like the females of his own race, he had been alone for a long time, and Sara's burning sexuality pervaded her entire consciousness. Sara felt herself drawn to the creature, and though she went willingly, she was unsure if she could have resisted had she wanted to. The presence in her mind told her his 'name' was Farg.

She reached out to touch him, and was surprised to feel the texture of his skin, it felt just like that of freshly washed human skin. Sara surmised that the creature could alter itself to suit her, based on what it found in her consciousness. 

Sara wrapped her arms around him, resting her cheek against the soft surface. She felt the creature's gratitude, for contact with another being, along with its passion beginning to rise. Her own juices had begun to flow, the novelty of the situation holding a raw eroticism. 

She felt a bulge pressing against her crotch, and looked down to see that Farg had sprouted a phallus, roughly the shape and size of an average human cock. It was hard and throbbed where it nestled, poking against her crotch. 

Sara slid her arms down his body, taking the penis into her mouth, working her tongue around the head of it. She was surprised to find it felt just like a human one, although it tasted of strawberries, her favourite flavour. Clearly he could read her every thought, and would do everything he could to please her. Sara's pussy spasmed as she thought of some of pleasures she might be experiencing soon with this horny morphing alien. 

Apparently in response to one such thought, the creature' s cock erupted in Sara's mouth, squirting a huge load of hot sticky strawberry cum down her throat. Sara gulped it down and sucked greedily on the creature's dick, as it transmitted psychic waves of its pleasure into her mind. Clearly this was going to fun for both of them. 

Sara took a step back and began to peel off her pressure suit, exposing her hot body. Farg curved away, until he was laying flat on the floor. Sara stepped forward and lay on top of him, laying her body along the length of his, her legs either side of his thick body. She rubbed her pussy against him, feeling the light friction of his skin against her hairless cunt lips. 

Apparently on a whim, Farg altered the texture of his skin to that of well oiled flesh, and Sara moaned as she slid her body along his, coating her own body with his oil, slipping and sliding as she did so. 

Farg's cock, which had vanished earlier had reappeared, and Sara raised her hips and impaled herself on it with a sigh of contentment. It filled her well, and she sat up so she could ride him cowgirl style. After a minute or so of this, she stopped, yet the pumping in her pussy did not, as Farg's penis expanded and contracted inside of her. Sara leaned back down to relax and enjoy the ride, but as she did so she noticed several more penises sprouting from Farg's body. 

A tiny one seemed perfectly positioned to fuck her belly button, and it began to do so as she lay down, shrinking and growing just enough to fill this most unusual of sex organs. Another poked up between her breasts, and began to fuck the valley between them with gusto, as she pressed her tits against his body. A third extra penis hovered in front of Sara's face, and she hungrily swallowed it down her throat, where it began to vibrate, giving her another new thrill. 

Another couple of cocks sprang out where Farg's nipples would have been, and Sara gripped hold of them like handles, allowing her to work her body against this feast of cocks. She felt Farg's body flex up under her crotch, and a seventh phallus nudged against her anus, then gently worked its way up her back passage. 

By now Sara was cumming in wave after wave, her pleasure at having so many cocks matched only by the thrill of fucking a member of a whole other species. Her juices flooded out from her pussy and ran down the insides of her legs, and the cock in her cunt began to squelch loudly as she thrust against its ever changing presence. 

As her orgasms built to a shattering crescendo, she felt Farg begin to cum, first in her mind, as his mind once again began to transmit wave after wave of brilliant pleasure, then from his seven cocks as they swelled and throbbed before erupting spurt after spurt of hot sticky jism over and into Sara's quivering body. 

Cum flooded her already sopping cunt, overflowing and squeezing out past the cock that had released it, to form a puddle, sooned to be joined by sticky love juice from the cock in her belly button, while the cock between her tits sprayed rope after rope of hot creamy semen over her tits and neck, as she gulped down another load of tasty alien cum, at the same time pointed the two cocks in her hands towards her face, where they shot their hot loads onto her cheeks and into her hair. 

The cock in her ass was the last to go, and it did so just as Sara reached the pinnacle of her climax, pumping what felt like litres of thick hot cum up her arse, before Farg relaxed and his trunk slid back to the floor, his still squirting cock sliding out of her arse, spraying more cum over her anus and butt cheeks. 

The two of them lay exhausted, completed coated in love juices, basking in the afterglow of incredible sex. 

Eventually Farg began to stir, and Sara could feel that he was still horny, and the cumslut in her soon hatched an idea that Farg would be able to complete perfectly. She focused her mind on creating a picture for him, and a quiver of excitement told her he understood and was keen to try it out. 

The gravity in the room reduced to a tiny fraction of normal human gravity, and a soft rounded platform rose out of the floor. Sara stood up, rivers of alien cum running down her body, and lay on her back on the platform, spreading her legs wide and running her fingers through her cum soaked pussy, licking the tasty juices from them with obvious pleasure. 

Farg floated over in the micro-gravity, and hovered above her, leaning forward. He lower himself toward her, sprouting a large cock as he approached her crotch, and sliding it into her pussy, began to fuck her with it. 

It squelched in and out as cum was forced out of her pussy around it and ran down between her arse cheeks. Farg fucked her like this for a few minutes, then changed cocks, sprouting a new one just below the first and thrusting it into her, while the first rubbed against her clit as he thrust in and out of her. 

Farg repeated this five times, until there was a closely spaced row of six erect cocks bouncing and bobbing in front of him. By this time Sara was again climaxing, as each cock had a different shape and texture, it was like being fucked by six different guys one after the other. Farg then began to alternate through his various penises, fucking Sara with each of them for a few strokes before going on to the next. 

As she began to moan and writhe in a state of perpetual orgasm, Farg begn to cum in her, shooting huge wads of his thick jism into her. As his first cock finished squirting, he withdrew it, and inserted the second, which dumped its load immediately followed by the others, one after another. Again and again Sara sqealed in pleasure as yet another cock slid into her pussy and sprayed her insides with love nectar. 

Her pussy was packed to overflowing with Farg's juices, her entire crotch area coated in a thick layer of alien cum, but Farg was not yet finished. His alien physiology would allow him to cum almost continually, and he moved his body up so that his cocks were pointing at Sara's head and chest. He began to shoot cum from all of them at once, spraying Sara's face and tits with load after load of his creamy white goo. Sara opened her mouth and was rewarded with a stream of hot jism straight down her throat. 


Not content with having soaked both her pussy and her upper body with jism, Farg moved down her body again, spraying her legs and feet with his seed. Sara raised her legs to her chest, and Farg moved in, spraying her arse and pussy with more cum, before sliding a still squirting cock into her arse and filling her bowels with his juices. 

Sara was now plastered with literally litres of Farg's cum, and as his cocks stopped spraying her, he gently increased the gravity in the ship, at the same time reshaping the platform that Sara lay on into a bathtub shape. 

Sara sighed and drifted in a pleasure soaked haze as the warm sticky fluid began to slight off her and pool around her quivering body. "Now that's what I call a cum-bath" she thought, as Farg danced around her, singing his pleasure and thanking her for easing his suffering. "Anytime" though Sara as she drifted off to sleep.

Later, Sara let Farg access her ship's databanks, and he seemed very pleased at the new information, as he might find his own people. Sara wished him luck, but made him promise to bring some friends and visit the ship if he had a chance in the future. 

Sara pussy began to twitch again as an image of Farg and others of his kind formed in her mind, entwined as they were in a huge group orgy. Before he returned to his ship, Sara begged Farg to fuck her once more, which he agreed to happily. She stood, bent over a control panel, as he stood behind her, sliding a thick fat cock into her cum stuffed arse, then crammed two long skinny dicks into her well used and still flooded pussy. 

As he pumped steadily in and out of her arse, the two cocks in her pussy twisted and probed inside her, sliding over one another like mud wrestlers as they writhed and thrust into her. 

The novel sensations brought Sara quickly to a climax, and Farg shot yet more of his juice into her holes. As he pulled out, Sara spun around and took the two cocks from her pussy into her mouth, where she greedily swallowed several more spurts of Farg's delicious cum, this time tasting of pineapple. 

Sara sat back smiling, her skin still caked with Farg's cum, which was also oozing from her pussy, and arse, and dribbling down her chin. She waved him goodbye, wishing him good luck for the rest of his journey. 

He replied mentally with a wave of pleasure, sweeping through Sara's brain and triggering another exquisite orgasm. Then, with a whirring noise, his ship powered up and sped away, vanishing from view in just a few seconds.