 Sapphire was having an interview with, Kara, the brothel's manager. Her quest to find her mother, after she was taken by the vicious slave trader Gorogn, was proving to be more difficult than expected. She had almost no money left and the jumps through some space portals to reach faraway planetary systems were expensive. Sapphire figured that since she loved having sex, working temporarily in a brothel was a logical solution.

Incidentally, Sapphire heard rumors that the slavers were operating near this cluster of planets so this was the perfect set up. She could work here for a while, save some money and at the same time she could investigate the area.

"Have you been with aliens before?" Kara asked. 

"I have plenty of experience with aliens," Sapphire responded confidently, "I am sure that your clients will be very satisfied after mating with me."

"Very well. You look right for the job. Another one of your species arrived a month ago and she has adjusted just fine to work with our clients."

"Great! Thank you. When can I start?" Sapphire asked excitedly.

"I'll start booking clients for you right away. Come with me, I'll take you to the humanoid's section."

Since the discovery of the space portal and after the brutal first contact with aliens, humans started traveling everywhere around the galaxy, but even so, Sapphire found it a little odd that another woman from Earth had ventured this far away.

***

After Sapphire settled in, she looked at the brothel's wardrobe and her heart filled with melancholy. It reminded her of simpler times, not too long ago, when she was just a college student back on Earth and how she loved trying new lingerie with her friends. That world was so far behind now. 

By the end of the first day, Sapphire had made a new friend, Amira. She was a lively alien from one of the neighboring planets.

Amira had a velvety blue skin and a small bumped crest right at the middle of her skull but other than that, she looked remarkably similar to a human female. Sapphire always wondered why the humanoid pattern repeated itself over and over around the galaxy.

"So you think that this slaver organization is working close to this planet?" Amira asked, truly interested in Sapphire's story. Then she added "I've heard about this radical group, the Menglers alliance, but I thought it was just a myth."

"Noup, they are very real," Sapphire responded, "But enough of this sad talk... how does this look?" Sapphire was displaying a sexy pose while wearing a translucent baby-doll.

"You look super hot! I am not just saying that. Come closer so I can prove it to you."

"Wow! I can see that you are as excited as I am," Sapphire said with a seductive voice.

"Another woman from your planet arrived about three weeks ago. I had a little taste of her and she was delicious, although, she is not as friendly as you are." The spirited humanoid laid back on the bed and spread her legs. "Get over here, honey." 

Sapphire immediately took notice that Amira's pussy was dripping wet. She approached the bed, leaned forward and delicately licked the alien's clitoris. A luscious flavor quickly invaded her tongue. 

God! She tastes so sweet. I could do this all night. Sapphire thought. She licked it again but did not linger on it, teasing her new lover.

Amira was looking down at Sapphire's blue eyes thinking how lucky she was, This human is so nice and so pretty. I think I just found my new best friend.

Every time Sapphire's tongue touched her, Amira jerked from a spark of pleasure that ignited in her sensitive knob.

The taste was extremely good and Sapphire couldn't tease Amira much longer. She eagerly attached her wide open mouth to the inviting pussy and started sucking and shoving her tongue as deep as possible. 

"Yes!! Like that! Don't stop! Please don't stop!" Amira cried throwing her head back. The moment she felt Sapphire's tongue inside of her, she knew that an untimely orgasm was inevitable.

Barely five minutes later, Amira's body started trembling and contorting under violent orgasmic spasms. She screamed in pleasure while a gush of sweet, sticky fluid was ejected from her pussy into Sapphire's hungry mouth. 

Sapphire swallowed all of it, never taking her lips away from her lover's shuddering crotch. The last few months, she had become an expert on pleasing women and she loved to do it.

Amira rested on the bed for a moment, feeling dizzy yet extremely satisfied. She stared at the ceiling, enjoying the fading aftermath of such a fantastic climax.

"I have never cum this hard before with another woman. You are awesome!" Amira said.

"And I have never tasted such a delicious pussy. All women of your species taste like this?"

"I guess so. But you won't need any other woman from my home planet. You can have me any time you want."

Sapphire admired the curvy body of her new friend and was determined to take advantage of Amira's gracious offer.

When Amira recovered, she knelt on the bed and untied the front of Sapphire's nightie. She looked at the girl's deep blue eyes with gratitude and desire. It was time to return the favor and by the look of Sapphire's dripping pussy, she was begging for it. 

"My turn. I am going to make you see the stars my dear." Amira whispered in Sapphire's ear.

"Can hardly wait..." Sapphire moaned softly.

Amira had as much experience as Sapphire on sexual matters and she decided to start with some teasing as well. Pulling the unfastened clothing, Amira exposed Sapphire's left breast. Then she leaned forward and licked the nipple. Just the tip at first and then all around her aureola. Sapphire's pussy started to twitch from this simple action and she knew that this was going to be a night to remember.

"Oh my God!"

After playing with both of Sapphire's breasts for a while, Amira told her lover to lie on the bed. Then she pulled Sapphire's hips up and began licking her pussy lips and clitoris in the most delicate way. Sapphire's thighs were trembling while she tried to push her crotch against Amira's face, pleading her lover to stab her with her tongue.

"Don't finish yet my dear. The best is coming."

This continued for several minutes and when Sapphire was about to cum, Amira pulled back. 

The particular form of Amira's fingers, with a bloated tip, were perfect to prepare Sapphire for the next step. The blue female inserted her fat index finger in Sapphire's pussy, making her moan. She pushed back and forth, then wiggled it around, stretching the tight cavity and inducing more lubrication. Sapphire almost reached an orgasm again but Amira pulled her finger away just in time to prevent it. 

"Please, let me cum. I beg you. Let me cum!" Sapphire cried, almost going insane.

"Now the fun part begins."

Amira changed Sapphire's posture in a way that her lover's hips rested on her thighs. Then she aligned her hand at Sapphire's pussy and, without any warning whatsoever, shoved her entire fist and part of her forearm into the woman's body. Sapphire arched her back and screamed from unrestrained bliss. 

Some females across the hall heard Sapphire's shrieking but they were used to this kind of noises and paid no attention to it.

By the fifth stoke, Sapphire's body twitched with a forceful spasm and her entire body started shuddering without control. She was cumming like crazy! 

Amira didn't stop then. On the contrary, she started pumping even faster, bringing two more climaxes upon Sapphire's tormented body in less than ten minutes.

"You like this, don't you. Just two more and I'll let you catch your breath."

The whole time Sapphire couldn't think, couldn't speak, she could barely breath. She just rode orgasm after orgasm until her body went numb from the blissful overdose.

When it was all over, Sapphire stared up with dreamy eyes, trying to remember when was the last time she had felt this good. She hadn't cum so hard even when having sex with huge monsters with huge dicks. Amira was definitely her new best friend.

"Oh my God! My body is still trembling. How do you do this..?"

"I just know which buttons to push at the right time. Stick with me and I'll teach you."

***

A few hours later, Sapphire entered the room that had been assigned for her first meeting. Her client, a Jellinar, was already waiting for her. She couldn't believe her eyes when she saw him. It was something like a giant mushroom, or better yet, a jellyfish. It had four thick legs that supported its umbrella-like, translucent body and nothing more. Sapphire was very confused.

What the hell? How is this suppose to work?

"Hello human female," the alien spoke. Sapphire could hear his voice echoing around the room, or maybe it was inside of her head, but she could definitely hear him.

"H..Hi. I am Sapphire."

Sapphire was about to ask what he wanted her to do when she heard a squishy noise coming from the center of her client's body and immediate after, a long, thick, tentacle emerged. She looked at it and smile. No more explanation was needed. The appendage seemed to be made of pure muscle. It was just the right size and extremely flexible. Apparently the creature was able to manipulated it in anyway he wanted.

Ohh... now I get it. This is going to be interesting.

Sapphire wasn't even sure if this creature had eyes so her sexy lingerie was irrelevant. She quickly removed it and sat on the bed with her legs spread wide open. Her client moved a little closer to her and waved its appendage between her thighs.

Inside the creature's translucent body, there was another inner bulk that seemed to be more solid, made of the same fleshy muscle of the tentacles. 

"Let me know when you are ready and I will begin the draining process," the Jellinar said.

"I am rea... the what?"

Before getting an explanation, Sapphire felt the tentacle penetrating her pussy. She was indeed ready but that didn't make it any less staggering. The large appendage felt thick and strong.

Sapphire opened her eyes wide while she moaned loudly, not worrying too much about the "draining" comment anymore.

"Excuse me, I forget that your are new..." The creature started explaining. "During my travels away from home, I need to drain my body of reproductive fluid..."

He spoke slowly but clearly. The serene voice was completely discordant with the frantic pumping motion of its tentacle, pushing in and out while squirming chaotically inside Sapphire's cavity. The excite woman was listening but most of her attention was focused on the delightful feeling within her crotch. She moved her hand and touched her belly, distinctly feeling the appendage through her skin as it pushed deeper.

"Ughh.. you are... too... deep..."

Sapphire lay back on the bed as her body adjusted to the big size of the tentacle. She kept one hand on her belly, fascinated by the sensation of the large phallus moving within her entrails. 

This night is going to be so much fun.

Meanwhile, the Jellinar continued talking, "Otherwise my internal organs may get damaged..."

The besieged woman didn't notice the second tentacle emerging from her clients main bulk and slithering between her thighs.

The tentacle curve down, then up, before forcefully penetrating Sapphire's ass. She screamed louder from this unexpected surprise. She could hear that the creature was still talking but now she wasn't listening to a word he said.

"Your body is soft, like Amira's. I like it."

Sapphire was more than willing to help her client "drain" his fluids and she shifted her position, supporting her body on the edge of the bed and allowing both cocks to move freely beneath and inside of her. 

"This feels so fucking good!"

Sapphire imagined the tentacles churning within her, reaching so far inside that they almost reached her chest. It was insane and it was wonderful!

At one moment, the tentacles pushed simultaneously so hard that they actually lifted her off the ground. Sapphire was suspended in the air for an instant, only supported by the cocks embedded within her body. She believed she could cum right then and there.

Sapphire landed face forward on the floor but managed to keep her ass up in the air. A simple fall wasn't going to lessen her excitement. More so that the tentacles remained plugged into her body the whole time and now they resumed their pumping as if nothing had happened.

A couple of minutes later, another tentacle emerged from the creature's bulk and roamed around Sapphire's head.

"I see that you are enjoying this greatly. I have more for you..." the alien said.

Sapphire lifted her head from the floor and watched the new appendage dangling inches from her face. Her pussy twitched hard at the thought of having one more tentacle entering her body.

"Do you want me to penetrate your mouth?"

"Yes, fuck my mouth too. Fill my entire body with your cocks." She didn't think twice before answering the question.

This tentacle was just as big as the other two and it seemed almost impossible to fit in Sapphire's petite mouth, but nothing that a little pressure couldn't resolve. A moment later, Sapphire had her mouth completely stuffed with alien meat while she felt it pushing down her throat.

Sapphire wondered how far the tentacle could go and the answer came almost immediately. It slipped past her throat, her esophagus and beyond. Now there was not a single space in her body that wasn't occupied by this wonderful, muscular appendages.

Sapphire's world was reduced to those three tentacles and her orgasm was imminent. 

At that precise moment, Sapphire felt the tentacles shuddering inside of her. A squirting sound preceded a hot, filling sensation that could be no other than the client's sperm gushing from his cocks. Sapphire came instantly after that.

She pictured his semen reaching everywhere inside of her and this only increased her bliss. Sperm began to spill from her pussy and anus, filtering along the tiny crevices between her stretched skin and the hard, trembling tentacles.

The same thing happened in her mouth while Sapphire kept shivering from her forceful climax.

Finally, the creature realized that Sapphire was full and pulled his tentacles out. Sperm was ejected from every hole liberating some of the pressure, and this new sensation only enhanced her arousal. 

She could feel her belly gurgling from the excess of semen still inside, trying to push it all out. As expected, the thick, white cum erupted from her mouth as well. Even this felt pleasurable and Sapphire's eyes rolled back again, during her last orgasmic spasms.

So... much... cum.

A few minutes later, after catching her breath, Sapphire turned around and looked at the creature with dreamy eyes. This has been a great fuck and she thanked him for it.

"Did you enjoy the first session? Can we proceed with the next?"

"Another session? Ok. You are the boss and we have all night."

Sapphire lifted her legs, exposing her holes and watched as the creature aligned his tentacles at the right place. Even as she still felt a little raw from the last ravishing, her pussy was tingling with need. She wanted to get fucked again. Then she heard the creature comment and her heart jolted with excitement.

"Yes. I'll use your body all night. Does that pleases you?"

"I am so happy that you are my first client."

The tentacles penetrated easily into her stretched cavities. Both at the same time and just as deep. Sapphire's belly bulged visibly right at the spot where the tip of the tentacle was still pushing, trying to go further in.

After a while, Sapphire was waving her hips up and down, following his rhythm and enjoying every inch of those huge appendages that filled her body so utterly.

Sapphire's nipples were bloated and erect as the creature caressed and squeezed her breast with the third tentacle. He didn't fuck her mouth this time because he enjoyed hearing her sexy moaning.

"Yes!! Give me your cum! Fill me to the brim one more time!"

This session lasted longer than the first one and Sapphire was doing her best not to cum before he did. She wanted to climax at the same time. But this was proving to be difficult. He was fucking her so delightfully. She was incapable of holding it for much longer.

Then she felt his tentacles quivering...

The discharge of sperm was as brutal as before. Sapphire felt the hot fluid more clearly this time, first filling her womb and her ass, then searching for a way out along her tight cavities. It was a trilling sensation that Sapphire barely noticed because her new orgasm was blanking out her mind.

But the cum was pouring in faster than it was spilling out. Sapphire's belly bloated inevitably and an instant later, it ejected from her mouth like a geyser.

Sapphire kept twitching uncontrollably, trying not to fall unconscious and miss all this elation. 

After the creature pulled the tentacles out and her orgasm faded away, Sapphire sat on the floor and watched the sperm slowly gushing from her pussy. Even the soft caress of the thick fluid sliding along her inner vaginal walls felt nice and it was getting her excited again.

I am freaking horny bitch.

But her client had fuck her two times already and he had pumped so much sperm inside of her that he should be completely spent already... or so she thought.

"I have drained about 20 percent of my fluids already. This is going very well."

Holy crap! 20 percent?! So he will fuck me again at least eight more times! I am going to die from orgasmic overdose!

"O..Ok. I guess we should move over to the bed," Sapphire answered with an anxious tone of voice.

If this night was a representation of the nights to come, arriving to this place was her best idea ever. And she was getting paid for it!

***

The following morning, Amira found Sapphire resting on the bedroom couch. The client was gone but he had left his mark. The floor, the bed, everywhere was drenched with cum.

"Wow! I can see you had a fun night. What do you think about the Jellinar, or the 'Sperm-hose', as I call them?"

"Hey! You should have warned me. I almost drowned in cum!"

"Ha ha... And ruin the surprise? No way."

Amira sat on the bed in front of Sapphire and informed her that she was organizing and orgy with some of her regular clients.

"I want you to come. I am also inviting Rianna, the other human girl. This is a good chance for you to meet her."

"Sounds good," Sapphire said, "I want to meet her."

"She is rather quiet but she must be really good at her job because her clients are always coming back to her."

"Count me in," Sapphire confirmed, "just tell me when and where.".

***

Later that day, before heading to the orgy, Amira entered one of the bedrooms looking for Rianna. The human was standing in front of a mirror, motionless. Amira was able to see the reflection of the woman's face; slack and inexpressive, with a thin line of drool hanging from her lower lip. It was weird.

"Hi Rianna, are you ready? I'm heading to... Rianna? Are you ok?"

Only when Amira spoke louder, Rianna snapped out of her trance and turned around smiling.

"Hello Amira. I am more than ready. I've been thinking about the orgy all day and I can't wait for it to start."

She acted completely normal, as if nothing strange had happened. But even then, her eyes looked out of focus. She started walking towards the door, ready for a night of wild sex.

Amira thought it was a human thing so she said nothing about it.

"O..Ok. Let's go then. My clients are waiting and I think Sapphire is already there."

***

Sapphire was in the room, chatting with the clients. They belonged to a race called Gigarians, which didn't have a home planet, instead, their race was scattered all over the galaxy.

