 Sarah Young rolled over on the soft green grass and ended up on her butt with her legs spread out. 

She had just reappeared from the time vortex and had been unceremoniously dumped back on solid earth once more. 

It looked like she was in a forest of oak trees with a tiny meadow of lush grass by a slow moving stream. In her ears was the sound of bird call and the rustling of the trees. 

The sun was high in the sky and the light broke through the leaves and made a pattern of shadows that constantly changed. 

Sarah studied herself as she rose from the ground and shook her mane of dark brown curls. She had successfully traveled in time twice since stepping into the time tunnel and each time her attire had changed to align her appearance to the current period she arrived at. This was something Project Tic Toc could never had known would occur if she hadn't taken it on herself to be a test model and trigger the tunnel.

With both hands she smoothed out the long sleeved white and cream chemise dress she found herself in. Around her small waist was a green suede corset bodice with ribbon lacing. The tight corset raised her mammoth 42DD breasts high up on her chest.

Apart from the scent of the forest Sarah could not detect any motor oil in the air which suggested to her this was not the modern era. Together with the mediaeval appearance of her outfit she guessed this may be hundreds of years in the past.

She saw something move in the corner of her eye and to her left a grey coloured hare studied the brunette with big eyes, twitched his nose then ran off. 

Her thoughts turned to her recent adventures, everything seemed a dream now in this serene setting and she closed her eyes and raised her face to the sun.

The dress felt heavy and hot so Sarah decided to cleanse her body in the enticing stream.

She carefully walked to the water's edge, splashes of colour sparkled off the surface.

There was a carpet of leaves in front of an enormous tree trunk near the bank and she sat and removed the sandals she wore and rubbed her feet. 

She ruffled her mass of dark brown hair then pulled the long dress up over her head followed by the under garment and stood up naked.

After having been fucked by a gorgeous hunk in ancient Egypt and twice more on the Orient Express in 1931 Sarah Young caressed her curvy body from top to bottom. Her soft skin showed no marks and she felt perfectly well. 

She wasn't quite sure who had ravished her aboard the famed steam engine but she licked her lips and recalled the erotic sex with the two broody strangers.

Likewise the tall muscled Briton named Garth had given her great pleasure in the chamber of Cleopatra and had brought her to a glorious orgasm.

As Sarah dipped a toe in the water to test the temperature she was unaware of a figure hidden by the banks opposite the small stream. The tall fair haired man with a tuft of hair on his chin had eyes out on stalks as he watched the big breasted beauty wade into the water up to her delectable thighs. 

He noted her absolutely stunning boobs which were the biggest he had ever seen on a wench. The nipples were stiff in the fresh air and Sarah cupped the large mounds of flesh and bathed them with the delicious water. 

The aroused man believed her to be the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, plump breasts stacked on a slim body, masses of hair which settled on her creamy shoulders and down her narrow back. He smoothed out his beard as he looked at her shaven labia with the little patch of dark brown at the top. 

A smooth cunt! Gadzooks, how marvellous!

Sarah emerged from the cool cleansing stream and fine droplets of water covered her sensuous body. As she stood on the bank she threw her head back and shook from side to side which made her thick tresses fly around in the warm air. 

On the bank opposite the man rubbed his erection through his suede trousers at the sight and squinted his blue eyes in an attempt to focus even more. He gasped as Sarah's hand went to her parted legs and look down at her puffy mound. 

After accommodating several large cocks she spread her pussy with one hand and examined herself. Her finger gently dipped into her hole and moved it in and out. 

She shivered at the touch, she still felt sensitive and a tingle coursed through her lower region.

Remembering how she had been licked and sucked down there Sarah shut her eyes and bent her left leg at the knee. With the tip of a finger she made slow circular motions on her clitoris which brought a moan to her pursed lips. 

She gulped as she quickened her strokes and held her left big boob in her hand and squeezed.

The man in the deep green tunic had lowered his trousers down to his knees and wanked his rigid pole fast. The large foreskin was pulled back and the fat crown was swollen, the shaft felt warm in his clenched fist.

Close to her climax the naked lovely made little sobs as her breath quickened and the prominent boobs bounced lightly above her ribcage. 

A warm and welcome rush between her thighs made her cry out and she felt a sublime orgasm and her pussy squirted her fluids over her hand. 

Across the stream the man pumped and pumped then let out a groan as he came and let his seed splash on the grass. 

He drew in his breath and wished it had been the face of the astounding maiden and not the ground he had come on.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 

The general consensus is that time is a non spatial continuum in which events occur in irreversible succession from past to future. 

The principal of Project Tic Toc was that if a large cylindrical tunnel spun fast enough on its long axis it would allow a person in it travel back through time and actually live the past. This elaborate machine had been built and was now being monitored by the specialists and engineers back at the base in Arizona.

"We lost her again when she disappeared from the Orient Express."

Doctor Ann McGregor looked at General Kirk and shrugged. 

"Any opinion Doctor Swain?" Kirk turned to a bald short man in a white coat.

"Its a question of power General, the more boost we can generate in the time tunnel, the more chance we have of pulling Sarah back to 1993. Time is a static continuum and if we can just keep a short lock for only about five minutes on Sarah we can bring her in." 

"Ann, get on it right away, I want that woman back here as soon as possible." 

The General walked away as the two specialists got to work.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah Young had dressed herself and set out to see where she was. She felt refreshed and clean after her dip in the stream and had found some berries to eat. She saw no homes or people around and could not figure out her location or time period.

"Stand quite still maiden!"

A loud command from behind her made her turn and find three uniformed men on horseback. 

"Hither woman, prey tell me your name?" 

The tallest of the men dismounted and drew his sword and crooked a finger at her. 

Sarah had never seen a real blade before and felt a cold shiver up her spine. She approached the men in silence and looked at all three in turn.

"I said, by what name are you called wench?" 

"S...S...Sarah" she whispered and trembled.

She saw they all had swords, wore chain mail head wear and had long robes over their tunics. Dirty boots rode up to their trousers. 

The lead man gripped her roughly by the chin and squeezed her face together and ran the flat of the blade over her cheek. 

Sarah gasped as he lowered it to her cleavage and ripped the material down to her belly. Her outstanding breasts now exposed caused the shorter yeoman to whistle at the sight of the boobs. Her nipples were erect with the arousal and fear of what may come next. 

Behind her another man held her arms to her side and she heaved up which made her chest thrust out. Her dress dropped lower down so her upper body was bared. 

Tall man laughed and held both her remarkable orbs in his hands and felt the ample flesh. 

"Look at these titties lads, ever seen bigger?"

He pulled the comely girl to him and grabbed her ass hard through the dress and kissed her on the mouth. She tasted his rancid breath and gagged but could not get free. 

"What say we have some fun boys, its not every day we find some cunt in the Sherwood forest." 

Now Sarah's dress was rent from her and fell to her feet in a heap which left her fabulous body naked in the afternoon sun. She squirmed in the arms of shorty as his mate moved his hand over her mound and felt her pussy liquid which drooled out. 

He stroked her, his fingers brushed her brown haired muff then found the shaven lips and cried out.

"The wench has no cunt hair!" 

Sarah sobbed and wriggled her ass as fingers were inserted inside her soft labia and up her crack between her thighs. 

Now tall man dropped his lower uniform half and pulled out his erection which he jerked in his fist. 

"Turn her around."

The helpless brunette was spun and bent at the waist so her naked rump was raised up.

The man sighed at the sight of the toned buttocks that faced him and he gave her a slap. She yelped and looked over her shoulder with big eyes. 

"Please, spare me this dishonour, I have done nothing wrong."

"Hold still girl and shut up." 

With eyes shut tight Sarah waited for the inevitable when she heard a rush of air and a sharp cry. When she felt her arms freed she opened her eyes and saw the three yeomen prostrate on the ground, all of them with a arrow in their hearts. 

With a gasp she gathered her tattered dress and stood back, then a vision of deep green came to her side.

He was over six feet tall, fair and lean in a hooded tunic and knee high leather boots. Suede trousers and suede gauntlets and a wide belt with an arrow holder down his right thigh. A drawn bow was in his fists as he looked down at the fallen men.

"Are you well maiden?" His voice was clear and his blue eyes locked with hers and Sarah felt her heart thump.

"I think," the ravishing beauty stopped short and collapsed in the man's strong arms and her vision faded as she fainted away.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

When Sarah Young opened her eyes she was laid out on her back in a shaded section of the forest with various tools and animal hides strewn around. The sun had set and the light was dim.

By her feet at the edge of a crude cot was her saviour and a black haired woman in a long sleeved crimson velvet dress that had a high neckline. 

As her eyes focused Sarah saw her torn dress had been replaced by a similar outfit to her hero.

A forest green top with a plunging neck and a suede corset that held her boobs up and finished at her waist which was laced at the back. Long leather boots that laced up the front covered her shapely legs up to her knees.

"Our beauty awakes, ha! Let me introduce you to my true love maid Marian. She helped you with new attire. I am Robin of Lockersley, some call me Hood."

Sarah shook her head to try to clear it. Robin Hood! Sherwood forest! Amazing!

"Who, who were those men?" 

"Why my lovely those were the yeomen of the Sheriff, bastard he is. Who are you and where do you hence?"

Sarah got up on her elbows, the tight fitting outfit enhanced her every curve. It did not escape her notice the scowl on Marian's face as she stared at her. 

"My name is Sarah, I'm not sure, that is," 

Robin held his hand up. 

"No matter you are safe with us here at Major Oak, we're close by to the village of Edwinstowe, in the morrow we will escort you there. Have you some wild boar to eat, then rest."

The two left her and retreated some distance to where some candles were lit and she was alone. She racked her mind to remember her history lessons at school. Was Robin Hood a real person or legend? She couldn't remember, but here was a man who called himself such.

She laid on her side and tried to relax from her ordeal before and had drifted off quickly until she was disturbed by moans and urgent voices. 

On her feet Sarah crept to where Robin and Marian had retired to and saw in the low light the two lovers naked and embraced in their love making.

Marian laid on her back with her legs wide while Robin had his face in her snatch, his body stretched out flat on his belly.

"you bad boy, you want to rub your nose in my hole and smell my cunt don't you? You like that? You want to lick my hot hole? Do it, do I make you feel good? I bet you want to see what is right here inside, hmm?"

Maid Marian liked the dirty talk! Sarah watched in silence as the fair man lapped at her big bush of a pussy eagerly.

"Here we go, look at me all spread out, just for you my love, is my dirty cunt all wet and juicy?" 

Robin moaned and continued to use his tongue on the woman, her legs up and over his broad shoulders. Sarah was excited and massaged her big boobs as she watched intently.

"I like your tongue, I wish it were your cock, your big fat cock up me though, and my ass, you want that too don't you, I know. How about these nipples of mine, you want to suck those?"

Robin moved up encouraged by his dirty talking whore of a lover and pawed and sucked her perky tits. Not as big as Sarah but natural and firm. 

"Bite those boobies, BITE! There you go, are you hard now my dearest, is your cock big?"

Indeed Robin Hood was proud and erect, he rose up to his knees and held it to Marian's face. Sarah was surprised and impressed as his stiff organ looked to be near nine inches long and with a thick girth. The mushroom head flared out large and a big blue vein throbbed down the whole shaft.

"Oh that looks grand, I want to taste you, I want your big cock all over my lips. I want to drool all over you while you pound the back of my throat. I'm your hungry whore Robin."

Marian gulped his long tool down past her lips and smothered his hot meat with her mouth and made loud gurgles as she pleasured him. He threw back his head and groaned in delight as he buried his prick down her throat.

Sarah marvelled at how flexible she must be to accommodate his enormous pole.

She reached behind her back and hurriedly unlaced the corset and then removed the top and let her breath taking tits free. 

With a feeling of relief Sarah caressed herself and bit her lip as she saw Robin Hood line up his remarkable cock with Marian's wet slit.

"You want your cock inside of me don't you, inside my little hole? Go on, do it!"

Robin shoved forward into the crazed sex crazed woman and entered her in a single thrust that filled her totally.

"Oh you bastard, sard that cunt, oh my that's one huge cock. Oh, you're stretching me out, its too big, its too big for my filthy little hole."

Robin was in full pelt now as he pounded the woman hard and fast, his thighs and calves taut with the effort of his power thrusts. Marian brought her legs around his back and drew him in further. 

"YES, YES, STUFF IT IN!"

Sarah had laid on her back and had pulled down the bottom half of her outfit and furiously rubbed her wet pussy with her right hand. Her left massaged her boobs as she listened to the two lovers rut.

A low moan escaped her lips which made Robin turn his head and he saw her in the gloom as she frigged herself. 

He carried on regardless, his lover writhed under him but his eyes were on Sarah and her phenomenal body. 

"You make me feel so good Robin, do I please you? I saw you look at that whore before, does she make you hard like I do? Don't you just love my sloppy cunt?"

Robin ignored her words now and leered at Sarah who rubbed her clit hard, her sobs of delight muffled by her pursed lips. How he wished he was between her thighs instead, her shapely legs around his waist, his cock deep in her juicy hole. 

Sarah felt the same and wanted desperately to have his big nine inch prick up her balls deep. She rose up and boldly approached the two sweaty lovers. Robin Hood leaned back as she loomed over him, her spectacular body in the low light was simply astonishing. 

Marian shook her head side to side in ecstasy.

"Don't stop, don't stop, I'm so close." 

Sarah touched his shoulder and gazed into his eyes and he was overcome with lust for this strange woman. He pulled out of the furious Marian who saw her rival and took Sarah in his arms and kissed her on the mouth. 

His rigid cock felt big and pushy against her thigh. She put her arms around his neck and pressed her hot body to his. She wanted this man more than anything.

"You witch! Let him go!" 

The two were oblivious to the angry maid and kept on kissing.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"I have it! I'm locked on Sarah, I think I can bring her back!"

Doctor Swain grinned at Ann. 

"Told you, more power, yes, more power." He clapped his hands as Ann busied herself with the controls of the computer.

"Do it." He said and she pushed a vital button and next thing they knew the time tunnel began to spark and flash. 

"Quick, hit reverse!" 

"Too late," said Ann and bent her head down. An explosion was quickly extinguished the aides.

The chance to return Sarah was lost.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Back in the year 1200 Robin Hood clutched air as the mystery woman had vanished. He looked at maid Marian who lay naked on her back, legs wide and they both were speechless. Some wizard trick mayhap, who knew. 

In the time vortex Sarah Young felt all her senses assaulted by a maze of colour and light as she tumbled through the infinite corridors of time.

Next time, Sarah joins Casanova's Saturday night orgy.