 In chapter 01, Sara vividly recalls the cum-soaked farewell party given to her by her crewmates, as she embarked on her probe ship mission.

Slipping back to the reality of the tiny probe-ship, Sara found a damp patch on her skin-tight flightsuit, where she had been rubbing herself through the material. Burning with desire, her previous horny state only aggravated by the memories of her last orgy, Sara stripped out of her suit, and lay back naked on the pilot's couch. Her fingers found her clit, and a sigh escaped her lips as the direct pleasure of her own skin hit her. 

Sara's eyes closed, her head fell back and her mouth hung open, as her fingers began to move in small rapid circles over her clit, feverishly working her towards the release she so desperately craved. It came upon her in under a minute, her pussy clamping down on a non-existent cock, the waves of pleasure rolling over her, her juices flowing liberally out of her pussy, where they ran down between her legs and onto the warm soft fabric of the couch. Sara's fingers slowed their assault on her pleasure button, but kept up enough pressure that the aftershocks continued for as long as she could stand it. 

Sitting up a few minutes later, Sara found she still ached for sexual gratification, her pussy craved a hot rod of man-meat, and a good dousing of jism. Opening the personal storage compartment under her seat, she pulled out the purchase she had made just before embarking. Breaking the seal on the packaging she extracted her new 'RealDick5000' the latest in dildo technology. 

Sara had read about this in a netzine, and had decided it would go some way to mitigating her enforced celibacy. Packed with technology, the fake phallus she held in her hand could be programmed to almost any shape or size, along with a huge range of motion. The feature that had most attracted Sara however, was the incredibly lifelike feel, along with the large hanging balls, that on command could pump out a sizable quantity of fake manjuice. 

Holding her semi-erect substitute dick at the base, Sara couldn't resist popping the head of it into her mouth, just like she would with a real man. To her surprise, it felt and tasted exactly as it should, and as she began to lick and suck on it, the computer wizardry caused it to stiffen and enlarge, until she had a fully erect, throbbing 6-inch male organ in her grasp. Sara knew she could program the RealDick5000 to be almost any size she wanted, but hadn't read the manual yet, and was far too horny to stop now. As far as she was concerned, right now this was the most beautiful cock she had ever seen. 

Laying back on her couch, Sara rubbed the head of the dildo over her pussy, still wet from her earlier activity, and now growing wetter by the second. The already warm cock in her hand grew perceptibly hotter, and pre-cum began to ooze from the end. A tiny part of Sara's brain told her she had gotten her credit's worth with this one. 

Taking a firm grasp at the base of the shaft, Sara positioned the knob at her entrance, and shoved it in with one smooth movement, gasping as the thick cock stretched her pussy walls around it, filling her aching emptiness with almost exactly what it desired. 

Of it's own accord, the phallus began to twitch and oscillate, teasing her insides just like a real cock would. Her sexual excitement rising, Sara began to pump the cock in and out of herself, sometimes using two hands, sometimes just one, so she could diddle her clit with the other. 

Her head swam with pleasure, and with her eyes closed she could imagine a hot-bodied stud thrusting into her. The tide of orgasm began to build within her, and as she felt it overcome her, Sara reached to the hanging ballsack and gave it a solid squeeze. The cock inside her expanded, just as her pussy began to contract against it, and then her artificial lover began to spurt it's seed deep inside her, doubling the force of the cumslut's orgasm. 

She continued to pump the cock in and out of herself, giving the ballsack an occasional squeeze to trigger another spurt, until her extended orgasm had subsided. Her pussy was flooded with cum and it oozed out past the cock in her hand, forming gooey puddles on the seat. 

Sara was far from finished, her oversexed lifestyle inducing an insatiable sex drive that once unleashed was hard to stop. Rolling over on the couch, her pussy grinding into the puddle of cum as she did so, she reached the dildo behind her, dipped it's head liberally into the cum puddle and began to work it into her ass. Adding more come to the shaft as lubrication, she gradually slid the whole dick inside her back passage, and as it again began to twitch and vibrate of its own accord, she settled into a slow rhythm, sliding the cock in and out past her sphincter, as yet another orgasm began to lazily build inside her. 

It took her much longer this time, and she so enjoyed the feeling of the fake cock in her ass that that she found herself prolonging the inevitable. When it finally arrived, she came hard, the remainder of the cum in her pussy flooding out with her contracting muscles, as her substitute cock dumped another huge load in her ass, the exquisite sensations prolonging her orgasms for what seemed an eternity. 

In the monitoring room aboard Sara's starcruiser, the delayed pictures caused something of a stir. The pictures and audio of the hot-bodied young pilot caused the dick of Dave, the young officer assigned to her probeship to spring instantly to life. He called over the other two crewmembers on his watch, a female corporal named Julie, and a male warrant officer named Blake. Dave put the feed up onto the main screen, a wall sized monitor in front of them. 

As the three of them watched Sara pleasure herself, they gradually shed their clothes and began feasting on each others bodies, Julie taking turns to suck on the boys dicks, while they played with her ample breasts, and licked her rapidly moistening pussy, and tiny puckered asshole. 

By the time Sara's substitute cock had found its way into her pussy, Julie was riding Dave's cock as she sucked greedily on Blake's. As the RealDick5000 entered Sara's ass, so did Blake dick slide it's way into Julie's, as the two men double fucked her, to her obvious pleasure. Both men emptied their loads as Sara received hers, her vocal orgasm over the speakers enhancing the threesome's pleasure. 

Later, as Sara viewed the footage they had sent her, she put her dildo to further good use, as she watched the three nubile crewmembers enjoying themselves with her own cum soaked ass and pussy plastered over an entire wall behind them, her now refilled substitute penis dumping load after load of lifelike jism into her once-again flooded pussy. As she watched Julie climb off Dave's cock and clean it with her mouth, Sara did the same with her dildo, savouring the taste of her own juices mixed with a most delightfully tasting fake semen. 

Perhaps this trip wouldn't be so bad after all, she thought, sending a discrete request for more shows to her friends on the star cruiser.