 Stuart and Sara were enjoying a leisurely doggy style fuck on the pilot's couch when the distress call came in. The pair slowed their rhythm as the holo-display flickered into life, than snapped into focus, showing the top half of a gorgeous busty blond woman, her full round tits jutting proudly from her naked chest. 

"Please help me," she begged, "my escape pod crashed on this planet two weeks ago, and I have been all alone ever since. I really need some sex or I will lose my mind."

The message ended, kept short by the limited bandwidth of the emergency channel. The ships nav system automatically displayed the co-ordinates of the distress beacon. 

Probeship pilots were automatically expected to respond to distress calls, as their fast ships were able to reach those in need most quickly, but there would have been no trouble convincing Sara to assist a hot nympho babe to a much needed orgasm.

Sara issued the simple voice command, "Proceed", and both the nav system and her sex partner obeyed, the ship slewing around and accelerating smoothly while Stuart resumed his measured thrusting of his swollen cock into Sara's juicy pussy. The increasing gravity drove them both into the pilot's couch, forcing them to pause again for a moment.

"She looks hot, I can't wait to eat her juicy pussy," breathed Sara. " I was thinking the exact same thing," grinned Stuart, " we'll have to take turns." "Randy bastard" "Slut" "Yeah, you know I am, now get back to fucking me, man-whore".

The gravity had eased as the ship had reached its assigned speed. The pair resumed their former position and resumed their passion with renewed vigour, both of them looking forward to screwing the blond girl. 

One thousand parsecs (about ten minutes in a probeship at full speed) later, their target planet hove into view, a shining blue dot on the vidscreen, just as Stuart cock sprayed his hot come liberally over Sara's quivering pussy walls, their orgasmic cries echoing around the small ship's cockpit. 

They collapsed together on the couch, their breathing ragged, and their expressions blissful. Having recovered her breath, Sara disentangled herself from Stuart, rolling him onto his back and taking his semi-hard cock into her mouth, enjoying the combined taste of their love juices as she carefully cleaned his entire length. Finishing with a grin, she smiled back at him playfully. 

"Your turn" she said, pointing to her cum soaked crotch, "It's creampie time". 

Stuart was happy to oblige, not that he had a lot of choice, as Sara climbed up his body and planted her juicy pussy directly on his face. Stuart slurped at her sopping snatch, his cock hardening again as he pleasured his filthy slut, driving his tongue into her and nibbling at her clit. 

Sara was tempted to take his cock up her arse, and would have if the autopilot handed demanded her attention, with a polite but urgent "Landing imminent". With a sudden air of professionalism, Sara took the controls, smoothly adjusting the computer's clumsy approach angle to the planet's atmosphere, executing an inch perfect aerobraking manoeuvre and deploying the ship's stubby wings for airborne flight. 

Five minutes later, she touched the ship down on one of the numerous small sandy islands that appeared to be the watery planet's only geographical feature. 

The pair dressed, although neither really knew why, but it somehow seemed inappropriate to rescue people naked. Five hundred metres away down the beach was a medium sized orange tent-like structure, presumably the escape pod's survival shelter. The pair of them walked briskly to it, enjoying the feel of solid (well semi-solid) ground and the warm sand under the bare feet. 

As they approached the tent a moaning sound reached their ears. At first they started forward in response to an apparent emergency, but after a second they recognised the moaning as that of a woman's sexual pleasure. 

"Sounds like she really did need fucking" smirked Sara. 

They approached the tent, and finding the door wide open, looked inside. They both gaped at what they saw. There naked before them was the woman they had seen on the distress call, her fingers stuffed deep into her pussy. But this was not what made them gape. Above her pussy, with her other hand wrapped around it, was a hard throbbing vein cock. Their castaway was a fully functional hermaphrodite!

As they watched, the girl's orgasm hit her, pussy juices flowing past her fingers as her cock spurted jet after jet of thick white cum across her belly. 

As her orgasm subsided, her eyes open and she started to see the two humans staring at her. A wide grin spread across her face, and she leapt up excitedly. "You have come to rescue me?" "Yes, we got your distress call a half hour ago". "I am Kelly, and I am Hermari" she ventured. "We are humans, Stuart and Sara," replied Sara "I have travelled widely in this sector but I have not heard of the Hermari".

"We are virtually unknown to others" Kelly replied. "We were originally human, an all-female cargo of a prison ship, until our ship hit a wormhole, leaving us in deep space. The guards let us go when it was clear we would not get home. We used the ship's nano gear to modify our bodies to allow us to procreate, with the unexpected side effect of making us all extremely horny all the time. 

Since then we have screwed our way across the sector, stopping only to reprovision our replicators and fuel cells".

"Was there a problem with your ship?" asked Sara. Kelly looked confused. "Oh, the escape pod, um, yes."

Sara looked questioningly at Stuart, detecting the obvious lie. Stuart shrugged, there was clearly more to her story, but the bulge in his suit said it could wait. Sara felt pretty much the same, this hot girl needed screwing, whatever her story. She couldn't wait to have Kelly's cock inside her. 

Sara dropped to her knees in front of Kelly and slurped her come off her tummy, before sucking her semi-hard cock into her mouth. Kelly groaned at the pleasure of another's touch, for her it had felt like an eternity. 

Stuart stepped forward and kissed her deeply, then moved behind her, cupping her tits in his hands and nuzzling her neck, while pressing his bulging groin against her ass. 

Kelly's cock was fully hard in no time, and Sara stepped away, unzipping her suit and peeling it off urgently, before lying on her back on the shelter's floor. 

"Come fuck me with that cock," she demanded. 

Kelly dropped to her knees between Sara's legs and placed her cock against Sara's pussy entrance, thrusting into her with one thrust, making Sara's eyes go wide with the sensation. 

The castaway fucked the pilot in this position for several minutes, her big tits pressing against Sara's, the two girls kissing and necking as they fucked. 

Sara was in a fantasy bliss, she loved being fucked by girls with strap-ons, but to be fucked by a girl with a real, throbbing, hot fleshy cock was so much better. 

Stuart had stripped off, his own cock standing to full attention, the bulbous head bulging with the pressure of a seriously strong erection as he watched the two girls fucking. Then, to his delight, the two rolled over, still joined in intercourse. This position left Kelly's pussy exposed beneath the base of her cock. Stuart knelt between her legs and stroked her pussy with his fingers. 

Conveniently the Hermari had located their bollocks as discreet bulges either side of the base of their cocks, so there was nothing to impede access to their pussies. The appeared to have genetically engineered away their pubic hair also, as Kelly's groin was completely bald. Stuart ignored his throbbing erection for a second and lowered his head to Kelly's bald snatch licking and lapping at her labia, slipping his tongue into her juicy hole and swirling around her slit. Sara's arse clenched in front of his face as she gripped Kelly's cock as it slid in and out of her pussy. 

"Oh, fuck me, please" Kelly begged, and Stuart obliged, slipping his knob against her slippery gash, pausing briefly to tease her with the tip, before sliding the full length into her, his foreskin sliding back over his cock head as his cock squeezed through her tight love tunnel, leaving his knob-end to bulge even bigger as he pistoned in and out of her. 

The three horny spacefarers gradually adjusted to the rhythm required for their three way fuck and were soon grinding and pumping away merrily. Kelly's mind swam, just minutes before she had been desperately striving to fill the aching need inside her by wanking her way to a double orgasm, now she was being double-fucked by two beautiful strangers. 

For weeks now she had hoped against hope for rescue, expecting to be found and ravished by a band of hairy pirates, which of course she would also have loved, but these two really knew how to fuck. And fuck they did, the three of them working their way to a noisy, sticky glorious orgasm, as both girl's pussies flooded their invading cocks as they spewed forth their own hot sticky fluids. 

All three of them were so fired with lust they barely paused before forming new arrangements. Sara reversed her position above Kelly, squeezing her still hard member between her tits and slurping Stuart's come from Kelly's pussy before going to work in earnest on her clit, sending her almost immediately into another orgasm. 

Stuart kneeled at Kelly's head, dangling his semi-hard cock in front of her, which she greedily swallowed. He reached out with his fingers, driving them into Sara's flooded pussy, coating them with come before slipping them up her arse. Sara paused her oral assault briefly to squeal with delight and breath hoarsely "Oh yeah, I want both your cocks in me at once."

Kelly's attention to Stuart's cock had it hard again already and she was deep throating him with consummate skill. Almost reluctantly he withdrew, laying on the floor beside her, with his cock bouncing in front of him. Sara stood and straddled Stuart with her back to him, lowering her pussy over his still uncapped knob, coating it liberally with her pussy's juicy contents, before raising off him and positioning her arse against him. 

Kelly had moved around between his legs and gripped Stuarts cock, guiding it into Sara's willing arsehole. Sara gradually worked him into her, her eyes wide as she accepted his throbbing length. Once he was fully in, Sara laid back on his chest, his hands gripping her tits as she ground her hot young body against him. 

Kelly shuffled forward and slipped her cock once again into Sara's willing pussy, this time constricted by the cock in her anus. Sara groaned as the sheer pleasure of being completely filled washed over her, as the two warm bodies sandwiched her in a sublime tangle of flesh. 

Kelly and Stuart began to alternately thrust in and out of Sara's orifices, occasionally breaking their rhythm to slam home both together for maximum impact. All of them took longer to come, although the sheer sensory overload Sara was getting pushed her over the edge quite quickly, and held her there in agonising ecstasy for what seemed like hours before the others quickened and thrust home, emptying their come inside her in a wonderful explosion of pulsing hot wetness. Exhausted from the intensity, she drifted into a blissful sleep. 

Kelly and Stuart moved her to a more comfortable position and lay down beside her, kissing and stroking each other in a lazy relaxed way. Stuart was on the edge of dozing off when Kelly stood up, grabbed his hand and said, "come on, let's swim". They ran the short distance to the water and plunged in, Stuart was surprised by the warmth, almost body temperature. 

The two frolicked together playfully for a while, up to their necks in the warm ocean, the water washing away the sweat and other fluids that had built up during the afternoon's activities. 

Suddenly Kelly dived under the water, popped her head between Stuart's legs and stood up, leaving him helplessly floating on his back with his legs across her shoulders. Taking his cock into her mouth, Kelly set to work giving Stuart one of the best blowjobs of his life. These Hermari really were insatiable. 

As his cock hardened, Stuart's imagination went to work. He imagined the positions reversed, but instead of his mouth on Kelly's pussy, he imagined her hard cock in his mouth. Stuart had never fucked another man, and had little desire to, but he couldn't deny some curiosity, and besides Kelly was definitely a woman, and Stuart wanted to pleasure her in every way possible. 

Despite his earlier sexual efforts, Stuart's fantasies and Kelly's excellent blowjob had him close to cumming, and when Kelly slid a cheeky finger up his arse, wiggling it gently inside him, his cock erupted, spurting into Kelly's mouth, where she gratefully swallowed it, as if it were chocolate syrup. 

His own passion undiminished by his orgasm, Stuart broke free of Kelly's grip and deftly reversed the position. She squealed and writhed playfully, but soon lay still, the warm water lapping at her body, and her tits swaying majestically as they floated. Kelly's cock lay against her tummy, turgid but soft despite her obvious pleasure when sucking Stuart's cock. Stuart lapped at her pussy and played gently with her clit. 

He slid his hands up across the smooth skin of her shaft, following them with his tongue, feeling it swelling as it rapidly hardened in response to his attentions. Reaching the head he engulfed it with his mouth, and sucked gently on it as she had done for him earlier. 

Kelly struggled free, and led Stuart to the beach, and had him kneel in front of her, her cock bobbing in front of his face. He took her in his mouth again, gripping the base of her shaft with one hand, and diddling her pussy with the other. She placed her hands on his head, urging him deeper, which he did, her cock filling his mouth, his tongue working on the sensitive underside, as applied a gentle suction with his teeth. 

Stuart was really getting into it now, moving both his hands to cup her luscious arse cheeks as he took as much of her cock in his mouth as he could, lovingly sucking it's fleshy warmth as it throbbed and twitched in his mouth. He worked a finger into her arse, and two others into her pussy. 

Kelly's legs began to tremble as her orgasm approached, and Stuart could feel her cock head begin to swell even further inside his mouth. Kelly's breathing quickened and she closed her eyes and leaned her head back as she came. 

Stuart felt the first hot blast of her come hit the back of his throat, and he swallowed valiantly, gulping down several jets of come as she came in his mouth, before releasing her still spurting cock, which she grabbed with her hand and rubbed over his neck, before dropping to her knees and licking it off before meeting his mouth with hers in a passionate kiss. 

Stuart felt an unusual sense of elation, and lust burned ever brighter inside him, as if the nymphomania of the Hermari was contagious. He wouldn't have minded if it was, especially when Kelly whispered in his ear what she felt like doing next. 

He leapt up and led her to the tent. Sara was stirring from her nap, and was soon wide awake as Kelly and Stuart lay either side of her and began stroking and kissing her and sucking on her nipples. Her pussy was soon once again on fire and as she reached down with her hands she found two hard cocks. She debated in her mind which she wanted inside her first, but soon found the choice had been made for her. 

Stuart and Kelly moved to sit facing one another, their legs intertwined and their erect cocks rubbing together. Sara at first thought they intended to take both her holes again, but as she positioned herself over them, Kelly grabbed her hips from behind, while Stuart wrapped his hand around both their cocks, squeezing them together. 

Kelly guided Sara's pussy down onto the twin cockheads, and she gasped as they stretched her wide as they both squeezed in. Taking a deep breath to relax her muscles, she eased down onto the twin cocks, a huge sigh escaping her lips as they slid deep inside her still cum-soaked pussy. She briefly wondered how Stuart had become so relaxed around Kelly's cock, but that quickly slipped from her mind as her two lovers began to fuck her pussy simultaneously. 

Her juices began to flow like never before, lubricating the two shafts so that slipped and slid against one another. Both Kelly and Stuart were blissfully enjoying the twin sensations of each other's cocks and Sara's overstuffed pussy. 

While their position was ideal for the surprise entry, it limited their movement somewhat, and the three of them rearranged, with Sara kneeling across Stuart and Kelly kneeling behind. Sara groaned out loud once more as they again slipped both of their cocks into her pussy at once, and this time they were able to fuck her more forcefully, which they did, again driving Sara into a multiple orgasm. 

This time Kelly pulled out, letting Sara drift back to a blissful plateau. Stuart was disappointed at first, as his cock felt lost in Sara's overstretched pussy without Kelly's to share it, but Sara's sex muscles were strong, and her pussy was soon gripping him sensually. Stuart gasped as Kelly placed the head of her cock against Stuart puckered anus, and gently drove it in. Stuart was used to taking Sara's strap-ons and dildos, but Kelly's cock was fatter and it twitched and throbbed inside him. 

Realising what was going on, Sara climbed off Stuart and turned around, to watch, lowering her arse back over his cock as she did so to maintain his dual pleasuring. She marvelled at the sight of the busty blonde girl fucking her lover in the arse, and amused herself by playing with Kelly's tits and her own pussy. 

Kelly's own orgasm gripped her, her cock spurting it's load deep inside Stuarts arse, the novel sensation pushing him over the edge, his own cock blasting Sara's arse with cum for the second time that day. 

All three of them were finally sated, at least for a while, their debauched desired temporarily exhausted along with their bodies. They disentangled themselves and curled up together for a well deserved nap, cum still oozing from their various orifices.