 First in a proposed serial featuring adult actress Sarah Young as a time traveler. 

The science in this tale is nonsense, only a tool for Sarah to dress up and get laid.

Date is 1993.

*****

It had been two years since Sarah Young had retired from the XXX movie business and although proud of an excellent career, and some incredible sex, had decided to return to her teenage dream of achieving her doctorate. After two years of hard study reading Biochemistry at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas she had succeeded and wondered what her next step in life might be. 

She remembered a lecture from Doctor Ann McGregor on the theme of time being a static continuum and that travel back and forth through the past and future was entirely feasible. 

Intrigued, Sarah had kept up a correspondence with Ann who was impressed by her enthusiasm. Being severely short of bright young scientists, she had invited Sarah to Arizona where she was one of the senior specialists in Project Tic Toc, that had been funded by the Government for the last sixteen years to the tune of 60 billion dollars.

Sarah had been awestruck by the cylindrical hallway known as the 'Time Tunnel,' and the array of computers and consoles and endless electrical cables. 

Now the director of the project and military advisor General Kirk was in conversation with Ann and had told her the project was under threat of the funding being ceased. 

"If only we could prove the tunnel actually works we would convince the Department to continue backing us."

Ann nodded and brushed a lock of chestnut hair back over her head.

"But its untested and dangerous, who would volunteer to risk their life?"

"Let me," Sarah Young had listened to the whole conversation while she entered data into her tablet.

General Kirk didn't even turn his head as he barked, 

"Out of the question, we need a man for this."

He took Ann by the elbow and steered her out of earshot of the young brunette and continued his animated discussion with the concerned Doctor. Sarah pouted and the thought of all the effort and research they had put in might be wasted decided to act.

Once the main area was emptied hours later she silently crept up to the main controls and began the launch sequence for the time vortex to open. The low hum grew progressively louder and various digital displays kicked in. She had dressed in a one piece trouser suit that had roomy leg and arm space but was tight around the chest and butt. Her 42DD breasts jutted out from the front and raised the outfit up which lifted the material up between her ass crack. 

With a deep breath and crossed fingers Sarah walked into the tunnel as it began to swirl around in a clockwise turn and promptly vanished. 

A myriad of wild colours assaulted her senses as she fell and tumbled in the space/time vortex into an endless void. She felt a sensation of falling with no resistance, but at the same time lifted up. It seemed like slow motion as she travelled the infinite corridors of time until she was unceremoniously dumped onto a firm surface.

Back at Project Tic Toc, General Kirk and Ann McGregor had been alerted to the situation and all of the staff frantically attempted to monitor the initialization of the time tunnel. A white coated official related to Kirk that it had been Sarah Young who was the culprit after the CCTV footage had been studied. 

"Can we track her down in the vortex?"

Ann looked wide eyed at worried face of the General. Was it even possible?

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah Young had reappeared with a slight dizziness and she shook her head. Sat on a golden throne with a high back she looked around the large marbled room. There were several sculptures, mainly of animals, and lots of hanging baskets of flowers. A smell of spice filled her nostrils and she noted there was no smell of motor oil. 

As she stood she took a look at herself. Her outfit had been replaced and she had a long gown of linen with a gash up the left leg to the thigh. The low cut top showed off the swell of her massive tits and the gown tapered at the middle so it accentuated her small waist. On her feet were two inch heeled sandals with thin straps that wound around her shapely calves. She put a hand up to her head and her mane of dark brown curls were up in a pile on her head, held by a band just above the forehead.

This was completely unexpected, time travel somehow aligned the person to the age they currently existed in, how fascinating.

In the candle lit room Sarah could only make out two other figures. A young servile girl who busied herself with preparation of a table of fresh fruit, and a more foreboding and tall man who stood to attention.

He was over six feet tall with wide shoulders and thick biceps, bare chested save for leather pads from his wrists to his elbows. A loin cloth was all that covered his decency and Sarah leered at his eight pack and V of muscle above the groin. His eyes were clear and blue and he had curls of short blonde hair. 

Nervous and excited the brunette came to him, her small five foot three frame made her seem tiny next to him. 

"Who, who are you?" 

"I am of no importance Majesty."

He kept a steady gaze ahead of him as Sarah considered what he had just said.

"You called me Majesty."

"Of course, I am here to serve you Queen Cleopatra, Pharaoh of the land."

It was a success! She HAD time traveled, apparently to Ancient Egypt, and this guard thought she was Cleopatra!

She paced around, so many questions, so many emotions. Could she ever return?

The hunk of a guard intrigued her and her heart beat fast as she absentmindedly rubbed her thighs together and discovered she had no underwear under the long gown. 

"What is your name? Are you Roman?"

"I am called Garth and I am a Briton, Majesty." 

Sarah licked her lips and ran a slender finger over his rock hard abs. He didn't flinch as her soft hands drifted to his strong quads, his bared legs were like tree trunks. She felt the unmistakable tingle between her upper thighs and tried to remember the last time she had been with a man. Garth reminded her of a blonde version of Peter North, one of her favourite adult actors, who had always made her cum.

Garth felt his forehead perspire in the heat of the late afternoon, the ravishing busty beauty next to him stirred his loins and when she noticed the cloth shift from his stiffening erection. Sarah lifted it up from his nest of blonde pubes and gasped at the sight of his thick cock that pointed out and up proud. 

"Forgive me!" He stopped as she held a finger to her lips and then held his rigid pole in her fist.

It stood up nearly nine inches and it felt hot in her palm. One big blue vein ran all along the shaft and throbbed. She rubbed it gently before she bent at the waist and put the tip to her mouth and kissed it. Still the man remained still as her long mass of hair fell across his stomach and closed his eyes when she gave the underside of the lengthy stalk an unbroken lick from base to head.

Sarah Young loved the taste of cock and now popped him in her warm mouth and sucked on the first three inches of his meat, just like she had done so many times in her movie career. Garth knew she was no novice by the way she swirled her tongue around the head, pursed her lips and blew breath on his tender flesh. He bucked his hips and made her gag and release his prick.

"My Queen! I apologise!"

Sarah wiped her chin and waved her hand in the air.

"Fear not my slave. I crave this cock and I command you to fuck me."

The Briton couldn't believe his ears, then he was even more surprised as she gripped her gown and removed it over her head. He gawked at her stunning figure left naked in just her sandals. Her enormous tits sat heavy on her chest and her shapely legs drew his eye to her shaven labia with a triangle of dark hair atop. Her perfectly round ass cheeks jutted up behind her and Garth's fat cock twitched in anticipation as he discarded his useless loin cloth.

The brunette goddess let him ogle her curves as her hand went to her damp pussy and rubbed the softness, then she embraced his hard body and felt him part her buttocks and probe her slit with his middle digit. A sigh escaped her as he went inside her up to the knuckle and she held onto his broad chest tight, her sandals on tiptoe. 

"To the throne." She said breathlessly.

He led her by the hand and Sarah sat on the red cushion and bent her left leg at the knee and dug the heel in. Her ass shifted up slightly as she presented her cunt to him and he stroked the inner thighs and up and down the outside of her slit, which made her groan loudly and made her pussy weep. 

He flicked at her quickly with his tongue from her anus up to the hooded clitoris, then teased her with light nibbles. This man knew his way around a woman and would have been hired as a stunt cock by her film company in an instant.

With a fist around the base of his flagpole Garth the Briton tapped the fat crown on the flesh of Sarah's pussy then shoved in three inches into her and felt the warm wetness of her juicy cunt. She gulped as he paused with her puffy lips stretched out then moaned as he withdrew. Only for a moment then he plunged into her again before once more he pulled out.

"Fuck me slave, tease me not."

He nodded and sent his cock in deep and she threw her head back in utter delight as his thick prick filled her up. Her right leg spread wide and she held under the knee as he hammered in and out of her hard. His powerful hips and butt moved with steady thrusts and her ass was pinned back on the red cushion. 

"Yes, yes that's what I want, keep it up."

Sweat now poured off the hunk as he gave her his best, her pussy wrapped around his cock felt amazing. Sarah caressed her right boob and rubbed the hard nipple between finger and thumb and looked into his blue eyes intently. He was very big and she welcomed her first good fuck in quite a while. 

"Let me ride you, sit my slave, sit."

Garth leaned back and she stood and pushed him back by the chest onto the high backed chair. She lifted her body and planted her heels beside his thighs and hovered over him. With both hands on the top of the throne the big boobed stunner held her cunt against his tip and he bucked up and entered her hungry hole. 

He held both her ass cheeks in his rough hands as she rose up and down on the upright pole. Her lush locks tumbled down right to the bottom of her spine as her body rode the lucky man fast. Sarah shut her eyes tight as she took more and more of his thickness inside till her buttocks slapped against his balls. The walls of her hot tunnel gripped his meat and her juices flowed down his shaft and wetted his thighs.

The former porn star was utterly thrilled to have this fine prick inside her and she could have fucked him like this all day. She made little squeaks in her throat as her lover sucked on her gigantic mammaries and she ran her hands through his hair. Her calves began to ache and she placed her knees alongside his tree like thighs and clamped around his shaft and shunted herself back and forth with his whole length stuffed inside her. 

As her pubic bone rubbed hard on his body Sarah came and moaned loudly as she shook her head side to side in ecstacy. Garth held her still and relished her spasms as she remained impaled on his stiffness.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

General Kirk looked at Dr. McGregor intently as she frantically studied monitors and read outs. The time tunnel HQ was a scene of chaos as everybody tried to understand the situation. 

"Anything Ann, anything at all?"

"Yes, yes I have Sarah's vital signs. I can monitor her now.

Blood pressure normal. Heart rate is up. Respiration is high. Temperature, not sure yet."

"Sounds like she might be in trouble. Any luck with visual contact?"

Ann felt her own heart pound as she tried to work miracles with the untested equipment. It was alright in diagnostics but now. 

"Wait, look on the screen."

In the cylindrical hallway a shimmer of mist and shapes merged and picture appeared.

It was the rear of a naked man bent at the waist and who jerked his lower body to and fro. As the vision panned out it was clear this was a tall strong figure who was fucking a 

big titted brunette. 

Ann watched open mouthed, it was Sarah Young with her body stood before a golden throne, hands on the chair, feet firmly dug into the small carpet and her ass raised up with a six foot blonde hunk behind her.

He had his hands gripped around her waist as he rammed his thick cock in and out of her fast.

"Is, is that Sarah, is she being raped?"

Kirk looked concerned, where was she and why was she having coitus. 

"Let me try for sound. We're looking at the living past, can you imagine?"

The large room of Project Tic Toc was suddenly filled with the sounds of Sarah Young yelling and screaming,

"Fuck me stud, give me that big fucking snake!"

"Majesty, you tightness is going to make me cum!"

Ann raised an eyebrow, we can eliminate rape, the ex porn star obviously loved it.

She had acquired some dvd's of Sarahs and she certainly earned the title of the best adult star in Europe.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Garth had his powerful arms wrapped around Sarah at her waist as she faced the back of the throne and whimpered softly as the nine inch bone was stuffed up her. Bent forward she wobbled weakly on both legs as she began to lose strength from the standing doggy fuck. 

"Aaaaaaahghhhh, I cum!" He declared and pumped his seed deep into her cunt.

He held on to her to steady her as he humped his body at her till he was spent and he pulled out his soaked tool. Sarah stood and panted, her pussy oozed fluid out onto the carpet. She turned and sat and brushed stray curls of her hair from her face. 

On screen Ann realised Sarah was adjusted to wherever she had turned up but it was best to attempt her return. Her mind raced as she had an idea and programmed the computer.

"I think I got it." She turned to the General and waited.

"Do it." He said simply.

Back in Egypt Sarah began to feel fuzzy and a sensation of a never ending tumble as she disappeared and entered the time vortex once more.

To be continued.