 "RUN!"

Sarah Young looked up from her position on the ground at a face framed by a golden mane of hair.

The sparkling blue eyes were wide as the slim woman loomed over Sarah who rose to her feet unsteadily.

She seemed different this time and her body tingled oddly.

It felt like she was in a state of limbo, although she had reappeared from the time vortex, her disorientation made her feel uneasy.

"Here, take my hand and lets go, quickly!"

Sarah looked around.

The two of them were in a large field of some kind of wheat and it was night.

As she gazed up into the sky she saw something that made her catch her breath.

TWO MOONS!

"Where are we? Who are you?"

"Not now sweetie, we got to get away from the Zeferlimians."

With her left hand in the others right they ran quickly through the wheat, the long stems brushed them as they made their way to the edge of the field.

She realised she wore knee high boots as they ran.

As they did so Sarah glanced behind her at their pursuers.

She saw the crop part but could not see any figures.

"Who are the Zeferlimians? I can't see anybody!" 

"That's because they are invisible!" Said the blonde.

"My ship is just ahead."

Sarah could make out a shape in the double moonlight and a fairly small red vehicle caught her eye.

The woman pressed a device on her right upper arm and a door opened down the side of the spaceship.

They leapt inside and the door closed behind them and they fell onto the orange shag carpet in the main cabin.

Sat at a control console Sarah watched the blonde as a visualizer screen came on and they could see the exterior of the ship. 

No person was visible but there were sounds of thumps on the hull and cries and howls of angry creatures. 

"That was close, you alright? I'm Barbarella."

The stunning blonde with the voluminous bouffant hair smiled and rose out of the seat.

She stood about five feet eight, was fit and trim with a slim waist. 

Dressed all in white, her spandex one piece outfit resembled a bathing suit with a high collar and open neckline that showed her cleavage from her 34B breasts. 

Thigh high white boots with stiletto heels hugged her long lithe legs.

Sarah put her hand to her brow, she felt her thick hair and it seemed more tousled than usual. It appeared to her she had been backcombed and two cans of hairspray had been applied.

He arms were in silver gloves that flared at the elbows. 

She looked down at her metallic silver mini dress with purple trim which zipped up the front and was pulled in at her waist by a purple belt. 

The neck was high and a front keyhole cut out showed her deep cleavage.

Knee high silver boots with a three inch heel left a tantalising view of bare thigh from the top of the boots to the hem of the dress.

"Pleased to meet you, and thanks for saving me. I'm Sarah from, er, well..."

"From Earth, me too!"

"Welcome aboard the Alpha Seven, Sarah of Earth."

A computerised voice came out of nowhere.

"Who was that?" Said Sarah still dazed at her whereabouts.

"That is Alfie, the ship computer. Lets go Alfie, prepare for take off."

Barbarella took Sarah by the hand and showed her a chair by the orange fur lined console and they both strapped themselves in.

The craft rose up then there was a whoosh in their ears and the women were pinned back in their seats from the acceleration. 

"We'll be in orbit soon, relax. Tell me how you came to be on Lythiun?"

Sarah had a thousand thoughts and a thousand questions.

If time was a series of events that occurred from past to present how was it possible to travel into the future when it had not happened yet?

Was she in another Dimension?

And wasn't Barbarella fictional? She recalled the movie with Jane Fonda and the French comic strip. 

Was there a line between dream and reality?

More important, could she ever return to 1993, the time she had entered the time tunnel.

"Lythiun? Is that a city?" She asked.

"No silly, Lythiun is the 16th Planet of Tau Ceti, about 12 light years from Earth."

Barbarella checked various readings and screens and looked at Sarah.

"Did you crash? Was your ship destroyed? Were you alone?"

Sarah felt faint and her head buzzed with the notion she was not on Earth anymore.

As the spaceship stabalized The two women got to their feet.

"You look like you could do with a lie down. Come this way."

Barbarella flicked a switch and reserve power kicked in and the lights dimmed. 

Next to the main cabin was a room with a big bed and Sarah welcomed the soft mattress and drifted off to sleep.

When she woke she found that she had been stripped of her outfit and was completely naked.

Beside her, also in the nude was the stunning blonde, her eyes moved up and down the astonishing body of the brunette.

Her gigantic 42DD tits sat on a tiny waist and her slim legs were stretched out alongside Barbarella.

Her right hand idly wandered over her stomach and a finger twirled in her dark pubes.

Sarah sighed from the gentle touch and parted her thighs slightly and closed her eyes.

"You have pubic hair, how quaint!"

Sarah looked down at the attractive blonde and saw she had a smooth hairless mound.

"Women haven't grown pussy hair in thousands of years."

Barbarella raised herself up on her elbow.

"Would you like to perform sex? That would make you feel better."

Sex always worked for Sarah and leaned in to kiss the womans full lips.

"Hey steady, we need our exaltation pills first."

"What pill?"

Sarah looked confused as she eyed the cute ass of Barbarella as she got up and sashayed over to a console and returned.

"Here swallow this."

In her palm was a tiny tablet which she handed to the curious brunette.

"In order to achieve sexual gratification we take the exaltation transference pill each so we can be in perfect confluence.

Then we hold our palm against each other like this."

They knelt naked on the bed and faced each other and placed a palm together and gazed into each others eyes.

"Now take the pill. When our psychocardiograms are in harmony our pleasure centres in our minds will achieve rapture.

Takes about a minute."

One minute thought Sarah? Hardly seemed worth it. 

She studied Barabarella, nice body, she wouldn't mind spending an hour in bed with her.

Gradually they felt something.

An aura began to glow around them and Sarah began to feel her body twitch.

Their palms also glowed and Sarah noticed the other womans hair start to flutter around her head.

Her own mane of dark curls also seemed to volumise too and a strange sensation was felt in every fibre of her being.

Sixty seconds had barely passed when their palms glowed a bright pink and they separated.

Both women exhaled and their naked bodies appeared flushed.

"Wow, that was a good one, thank you Sarah."

Sarah ran her hands over her big boobs and stomach.

She felt relaxed and radiant but missed the physical contact that went along with love making.

"So don't people fuck each other anymore?" She asked.

"No silly, this way we avoid all the personal problems of the past.

We no longer have penetrative sex, and we haven't had a war in 10,000 years either.

Why, didn't you like it?" 

Sarah moved closer to the gorgeous blonde and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Wasn't that nice too. Have you ever had sex the old fashioned way?"

"Why never, have you?"

Sarah recalled her successful career in the adult movie business and gave a wry smile.

"Once or twice, wanna try? I'll teach you."

With her head in her hands Sarah put her mouth to the other and kissed her full lips.

She tickled her pale neck as they smootched and with a firm poke slipped her tongue inside Barabarellas open mouth.

She was gentle and was rewarded by the blonde who used her tongue as well.

The two fell into each others arms and their breasts crushed against one anothers.

Sarah brushed the long blonde tresses from the right ear of the space pilot and pierced the drum with her tongue.

She pushed in far as she could, then did the same too the left ear.

"Goodness me, super!" 

Turned onto her stomach Sarah gently massaged her soft skin and she heard moans.

Palms down on her lower back the hot brunette gave little butterfly kisses along the spine from just below the neck to the tail bone.

When Sarah reached her thighs Barbarella parted them and let out several sighs as her muscles were rubbed.

"Wow, its very nice."

Now very relaxed Sarah turned her over and began on her front.

Sarah gazed at her perky tits and caressed around each of the beautiful breasts before she moved inward and cupped the firm natural boobs in both hands. 

The space pilot purred like a kitten and squirmed around on the bed.

"Gosh, I never knew it would be like this. I feel strange down in my vagina."

Sarah raked her nails along the luscious flesh and Barbarella arched her back and shuddered.

When her puffy mound was reached Barbarella lifted her head in a curious way.

"What next?"

Sarah smiled and licked the upper thighs one by one and moved down the bed so that her head was placed at the damp pussy.

With bared teeth she nibbled the outer lips then swirled her hot tongue around the labia. 

Thumb and forefinger parted the folds under the fair downy pubes and she poked her tongue into the wet hole.

"Amazing, its just amazing!" Groaned the blonde as she felt waves of pleasure warm her lower body.

Sarah now curled two fingers upwards inside the entrance as she teased the hard clit with her teeth.

Barbarella widened her legs and bucked up from the bed.

Her pussy throbbed and moisture formed on her golden pubic hair.

Sarah enjoyed her taste, sweet and thick. 

Spread out flat on her stomach with her legs bent at the knee Sarah could feel her own juices liberally run out of her aroused cunt.

With a sweep of her hands Sarah pulled Barbarellas legs as far apart as possible and looked at the pulsing cunt in her face.

She sank two fingers back inside and pushed back towards herself and found the G Spot.

The blonde inhaled deeply and closed her eyes shut tight as she was stimulated beyond her wildest dreams.

She heard a squishing noise from her own pussy and felt sensations she never thought possible.

"Sarah, I, I, feel strange, I feel like want to urinate."

Sarah looked up from her position between the parted thighs and continued to rub her love button.

"Whooooahhhhhh!"

Barbarella came, her pussy tightened, her juices flowed and Sarah lapped up every last drop that dripped out.

"Golly gosh, what just happened!"

"You experienced an orgasm, isn't it the best!"

Now with her own needs in mind Sarah sat up and pulled Barabarella toward her and lifted her left leg and over her right hip. 

Then the same with the other leg until both their pussies were mashed against each other.

"Now push at me."

"Like this?"

With a gyration of their hips their soft mounds rubbed firmly up and down, sometimes side to side.

As their pubic bones bumped at each other their cunts flowed with their sweet nectar.

Sarah felt the tickle of hair on her smooth lips and enjoyed the feeling.

Barbarella reached over with her right hand but was stopped.

"No hands, just grind on me with your hips."

Their movements grew more urgent and both made loud whimpers as they locked eyes.

"I think I may orgasm again! Does it happen twice!"

"Sure, sometimes many times."

Barbarella threw her head back and jerked hard.

Her body twisted as a shock wave of ecstasy overcame her.

At the same time Sarah had her shattering climax and squirted out a little over the other.

They went limp as their pleasure subsided and sleep took them.

"Saints alive, I think I love sex!"

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

In 1993 four worried faces were in line side by side by side.

Kirk, Swain, McGregor and Phillips.

Doctor Swain spoke first.

"No vital signs. No heart rate, respiration, temperature, nothing. Sarah Young is dead."

"I don't believe it! The equipment is faulty!" 

Doctor Ann McGregor wiped a tear from her right eye and looked to her partner Doug.

One of the chief executives on Project Tic Toc, responsible for the amazing time tunnel returned her worried look.

"She's not here, and we can't trace her in the past, we have to assume the worst."

"But, what if," Ann sat up straight. "What if she had been transported into the future!"

"Absurd, the future is still to come! You can't go somewhere that hasn't been yet!"

General Kirk spoke with authority but not with much idea of how time travel was even possible.

"Maybe she was switched to another dimension, I dont know."

Ann got up and hurried out of the main control room. She blamed herself for getting Sarah involved in the project to start with. If it hadn't been for her, well it didn't bear thinking about.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah Young awoke from her snooze to the sound of Alfie the ship computer as it announced they were to land soon.

She could hear Barbarella blissfully humming in the main cabin.

She looked around and got to her feet from the bed and padded over to a closet where she found dozens of outfits to wear.

Sarah had no idea where they were headed or what it would be like when they arrived, but she chose a white body stocking from neck to feet and a silver chain mail bra that she managed to stuff her titanic tits into.

She wrapped a silver chain mail belt around her waist above a red thong over the white tights.

Red knee high boots with a silver cuff at the top and a short black cape finished the outfit.

Barbarella whistled with approval when she entered the control cabin.

"Good choice Sarah, you need a bigger size bra for those big boobs of yours though."

The blonde stunner had chosen her action outfit with a black one piece sleeveless body tunic with a see through window over her right breast and stomach.

With black tights and knee high black boots to match.

Her voluminous golden bouffant was even bigger around her head.

Sarah wished for a mirror in order to check out her own mane. She imagined it like how she had it in the 1980's when big hair was 'in'. 

"Strap in babe, we're nearly there."

The ships lights came back to full power and the visualizer screen came up.

"Where is there exactly?" Said the brunette as she fastened her lap strap.

As she spoke a large metallic space vehicle loomed up on the screen and the tiny vessel was swallowed and Barbarella steered the Alpha 7 into the landing bay of the space station.

"Its Proxima Delta 35, one of our fixed stations round the sixth planet of Tau Ceti. 

I got a call from the United Earth Government to investigate the recent lack of communication with the staff. 

I get all these kind of tasks since there are no more armies or police.

I guess I'm a Astrometrix, first class of course."

"What, what year is this?"

"Why its 40,000 silly."

Sarah could not believe where she had turned up.

This was 40,000!

Were the specialists back in 1993 aware she could visit the future.

Worse, was everybody dead? Now that she was 38,000 years ahead of everybody she ever knew.

"Check all readings Alfie."

"Radiation is normal, oxygen is normal, temperature 30 degrees Celsius."

Satisfied of the outside conditions the two heard the hatch open and they both clattered out into the brightly lit metal corridor.

They could not hear any noise apart from the hum of the electric power.

Sarah gasped as she thought something had moved in the corner of her eye.

Then they both heard a scuttle type of sound grow loud then stop.

"This place is spooky, I feel like someone is watching us."

"Here, hold my hand."

Barbarella held her right hand out and took hold of Sarah and they stayed close.

Then a light began to flash yellow ahead of them.

"What do you suppose that is?"

"I have a feeling the security systems have detected our presence." Barbarella looked all around.

In a flash two bulky machines approached them and spindly metal arms with a hinge like an elbow reached out.

Strong grips appeared at the ends and the girls arms were pinned to their sides firmly.

"Hey what gives! ROBOTS!" Said Sarah amazed.

"Robots? Hey, this is against all the laws of Robotics. I demand you release us!"

Barbarella looked serious but the silent metal creatures forced them along the corridor to a big room with many large machines that thrummed and flashed.

The mechanical contraptions that looked like upturned crates on wheels brought them to the middle of the room and the floor parted and two long metal tables rose up.

"What do they want with us?"

"Don't know Sarah, these are just regular domestic bots programmed to probe and inspect any alien life.

Maybe, maybe they think WE are alien!"

The two were forced to lie down on two flat bed benches side by side.

A computer voice boomed out over loudspeakers.

"Prepare the two specimens for examination on the gyno tables."

Sarah looked to her left at the cool blonde who smiled back.

"Be brave, show no weakness."

From above a needle thin laser beam began to pass over them from head to toe and as it did so their clothing was instantly vaporised!

They laid on their backs totally naked!

Then, automatic broad straps rose out of the tables and they were clamped tightly by their upper arms, upper thighs and calves.

Now the two brave girls looked worried as slowly their limbs were parted so they were both in a shape of a starfish.

"Begin bio and neural scan." Said a monotone voice.

Another light washed over their entire bodies in an eerie blue colour from head to toe and back again.

"Activate stage two."

Trapped and unable to move, Sarah tried to squirm on her cute butt in vain.

"Sarah, look!"

A very large mechanical arm with joints came up from the floor followed by an enormous lens that studied Barbarellas nakedness first then Sarah.

Their legs were prodded then their defenceless vaginas were teased open.

"Initial report.

Two female specimens.

One dark haired, one fair.

Dark hair has shaven labia with some pubic hair.

Fair hair has golden pubes."

"Report noted.

Begin internal probe to investigate sexual reproductive organs."

"We're human you stupid robots, you cannot harm us!" Barabarella yelled with her blue eyes wide.

A long latex covered rubber robotic false cock reared up attached to an extended hinged arm and carefully lined up in front of the nervous blonde. 

She felt a blast of cool gelatine aimed at her downy haired pussy.

"Oh, thats kind of nice." She cooed.

Then her outer lips were parted like petals and her cunt was pierced with ease.

"Start level one penetration."

"Wait! Its too big! I've never had penetrative sex before!"

Sarah shifted her head to see the ten inch dildo vanish into Barbarellas parted thighs.

"Its alright Barbarella, relax your vaginal muscles and breathe deeply."

The cock moved in and out very slowly and as it emerged a film of the blondes juices had smeared the shaft.

"Goodness me, I think I like it. I can feel my thighs tingling."

Now it was the turn of Sarah.

The big titted brunette braced herself as a shot of lube was smeared on her smooth lips before she was entered by the robotic cock.

Her moist cunt welcomed the intrusion having been aroused by the sight of Barbarella being fucked by the robot.

Her muscles clenched around the dildo and she licked her lips gladly.

"Commence with level two penetration."

Now the two girls were fucked faster and they both were plundered steadily and deeply. 

They moaned and writhed on the tables unable to defend themselves with their open leg securely tied.
