 Sarah Young woke from a daze after another leap through time.

She found herself sat at a desk with an ancient type writer and large black telephone.

Alone in the tiny room with one window and door she went to look outside for any clue as to where, and when she was.

White masking tape covered the glass and outside was severe devastation.

Bricks and other debris littered the landscape.

With a glance down at herself she found she was dressed in a dark green military jacket with a vent at the back. Four buttons were at the front of the waist length coat and she wore a matching dark green knee length skirt with an elasticated waistband.

It was quite tight around the butt, probably a size too small.

Seamed stockings on her legs and flat black shoes gave her a hint this was Army issue.

A small green cap was plonked on her head and her mass of curls was pinned up high. 

Again she was astounded to discover her attire changed so she blended in whichever period in time she visited. 

As she considered her situation the door of the office opened and a stocky man also in uniform entered and looked at her.

"You must be the new girl, about time you got here.

My name is Captain Jeremy, US forces.

Now we're late so lets get a move on."

He gave her a slap on the ass and she yelped in surprise. 

They both left and marched down a long corridor.

He leered at the captivating brunette, he enjoyed her butt which looked like two ripe peaches trapped in her skirt as she walked.

"You got quite a body on you babe, nice big tits. 

Guess rationing didn't do you too much harm. 

You sure you got the right size uniform?"

She was taken aback at his brash manner but realised women in the military always got treated this way.

They arrived at a larger room with several newly arrived recruits.

"These guys need new papers, they are to be relocated to the front, ready for, well, you know what day.

Get their cards stamped, then once you're done bring the completed papers to me. 

My office is down the corridor on the left. 

And I hope you fill out the papers better than you fill out your skirt!"

Jeremy dismissed himself and Sarah looked at the men, who in turn gazed at her. 

The procedure was easy and she was done within half an hour.

Now she understood, this was June, 1944 in England. 

D Day was imminent. 

These were American soldiers here to take part in the biggest beach landing of all time.

The Normandy area of occupied France.

With the completed papers she went to Captain Jeremy and knocked on his office door.

She walked in to see him at his desk, pencil in hand. 

"Done already? Better than the previous girl, lazy bitch. Small boobs she had too.

Hey, your stockings got a ladder."

Sarah looked at her right thigh and her skirt raised up as she ran a hand along the ladder.

Jeremy stared at her comely leg and liked his lips.

He fished inside his desk drawer and produced an unopened packet of American nylons. 

She thanked him and went to leave.

"Hold on baby, these are pretty hard to come by. 

Top of the range US of A guaranteed, not the cheap crap you get in the pubs around here. 

If you want these, well, I wanna see you put them on."

Captain Jeremy stood up and sat on the edge of his desk.

Sarah took the packet and slowly unwrapped the box and draped them over a chair.

Then she lifted her right leg up and put her shoe on the seat and raised her skirt to undo her suspender. 

She did the same to the other then peeled the stockings down each sexy leg and took them off.

The American gazed at her with big eyes as she sat down and rolled each new nylon up to her upper thigh and fixed the suspenders.

She stood and straightened the seams and smoothed out her skirt.

When she looked up she gasped as Jeremy had his erect cock out of his trousers and was rubbing it hard.

"What a show babe, your legs are to die for. Come here and take hold of this."

Unsure what to do next the brunette stunner took hold of his fat prick in her slender right hand and stroked it up and down slowly.

"Fuck babe, that feels good."

He closed his eyes and grit his teeth as the English Rose wanked him fast.

It felt thick and stiff, and the tip leaked out some precum. 

She turned her head away as his groans got louder, then he made a throaty sound and came in her fist.

Sarah took a sheet of paper from the type writer and wiped her sticky hand.

Jeremy quickly recovered and tucked his wilting cock back in and buttoned up.

"Nice job sweet cheeks. Same time tomorrow, and next time I wanna see those tits."

At that moment there was a screech that deafened their ears together with a loud wail and Sarah heard the sound of people in panic.

"Air raid sirens, probably a false alarm, but it might be the new Nazi super weapon.

Get to the shelter!"

Jeremy ran out and the shaken beauty looked outside the office confused.

"Where do I go?" 

Unsure of the layout of the building she watched others scurry this way and that.

Then she felt someone grab her arm tightly.

"With me!"

A tall young fair haired officer steered her to a door that led down to the basement and the two of them took refuge in the tiny shelter.

"Quick, I need to close the door!" 

Sarah sat on a creaky single bed with a grubby mattress. 

The room had one solitary light bulb that flickered on occasion.

"Hi, I'm Captain Jackson, Jacko for short." 

He gave the nervous girl a big grin with white teeth and sat beside her and held her hand. 

"How long does a raid last?"

He looked at Sarah oddly, had she never been in an air raid before?

"Could be an hour. We just got to sit tight."

"Is London still being bombed then?" Sarah asked innocently.

"No, but we have word of Hitler and his vengeance rockets, a new super weapon."

A loud crash was heard outside and Sarah clutched the arm of Jacko in fear.

"What was that?"

"Don't know." He looked at the attractive woman and held her in his strong arms.

His big blue eyes looked deep into hers and he thought she was the most fabulous girl he had ever seen. 

Without thinking he kissed her cherry red lips and was pleased that she did not resist.

She raised her chin and they embraced in a lingering clench. 

His heart beat fast as he boldly cupped her right boob under her jacket. 

Again she did not flinch.

Her hair smelled divine and he began to grow hard.

"Make love to me my darling. Its the one thing that relaxes me." Sarah parted her lips to show perfect white teeth. 

"Wow, I thought it was us Americans who were oversexed." 

They kissed again and removed their jackets hurriedly.

He was pleasantly suprised to find she wore no blouse or bra under her coat, and when she unbuttoned her dress she was left in French knickers, garter belt and stockings. 

Her tits were the biggest he had seen.

Perfectly round with large areolas and hard nipples.

Her waist seemed tiny under the enormous boobs and he stared at them without blinking as he undid his belt and tugged his trousers down. 

His eager hands clutched her globes and caressed them softly. 

"Outstanding, Miss?"

"Sarah, and thank you." 

She looked down at his erect cock, it was long and smooth and had a big crown.

She looked at him and stroked it lovingly.

Then she laid down and arched her back and pulled the fancy underwear off.

She parted her legs and Jacko whistled at her shaven labia under the dark triangle of hair.

"Lick it, please?" She whispered.

The lucky man bent forward and gave her pussy a quick lick.

"More my love, more."

She gasped at the hot touch of his lips as he grazed her bald cunt and he tasted her sweet fluids.

He moved down further and rubbed her pussy with his forefinger and thumb and she moaned softly. 

"Thats it, nice and gentle."

Sarah breathing became heavier as he licked the little nub above her hole and frigged her at the same time. 

Her whole body squirmed as he pleasured her and she felt his stiff prick on her right thigh.

The fingers inside her made her flow out over him and he heard her make little sobs that she stifled by her pursed lips. 

She looked up and rose from the mattress and kissed him before putting her hand on his chest and guided him onto his back.

With her right hand she pumped his rigid cock and was impressed by the throb of his big vein that ran along the shaft.

Then he groaned loudly as she took him inside her mouth and bobbed her head to and fro. 

"Babe, that is fucking fantastic!"

The feeling was intense and he held her long hair in his hands and pulled on the dark mass of curls till all her hairpins popped out.

Sarah pulled away and left a long string of spit from her lips to his tip.

"Fuck me Jacko."

She scooted up the bed and he settled between her open legs.

He was surprised by the charming English girl using curse words, but her captivating accent only turned him on even more. 

With her help she guided his knob inside her, and together with her slickness he entered her easily.

She felt wonderful!

What a pussy!

Wet, tight and sweet, what a girl.

"Mmmmm, marvelous, nice cock." Sarah welcomed him inside her and sighed.

Sarah grabbed his tight ass as he slammed into her, his lower body taut and his face twisted with concentration.

"Harder Jacko, really give it to me, I won't break."

He laughed and bucked up into her even faster and she brought her slim legs around his waist inviting him in deeper.

Her coiffed hair was in complete disarray as her head tilted back with the glorious feeling of his thick cock inside her wet cunt. 

Her legs tightened around his body and her tits crushed against his fine haired chest.

"Don't stop, I love it." She whimpered.

"I, I gotta slow down, or I'm gonna blow." 

Sarah, not done yet, rose up from the creaky bed and spun around so she could straddle his body.

She quickly lowered onto his upright pole and sank down till her pussy was stretched open.

He held her by the hips and they began to fuck each other with slow and deep strokes.

"You like this pussy?"

"Very much so, the best."

Sarah smiled and rode him harder, her butt slammed down on him and her pelvis ground back and forth faster.

She squeezed his stiffness with her cunt muscles and it felt to him like a fist had clenched it.

"Fuck, its amazing, I'm done!"

Sarah paused still impaled on his quivering prick as he filled her with several spurts.

She leaned forward and mashed her big boobs on his chest and they hugged till his cock shrank and slipped out of her wet cunt.

"Thank you Jacko, you made me feel safe." 

She kissed him passionately, then they dressed.

A hammering on the metal door made them both jump.

"All clear, all clear!"

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah found her way back to the office of Captain Jeremy after she kissed Jacko goodbye.

The creep was not there, good.

She noticed a fold out bed in the corner and laid down to rest. Within a minute she was sound asleep.

Strange dreams made her toss and turn as visions of her escapades returned.

The hunky Garth from Ancient Egypt, Robin Hood and his well endowed prick flashed back in her mind.

Her brow glistened with perspiration as her vision of being involved in an insane orgy with Casanova entered her dream.

Her lesbian tryst with two female pirates and the threesome with James Bond reminded her of her visitations to the past.

A blonde face famed by a mane of blonde hair dressed like a space vixen caused Sarah to jump up with a start.

It was dark outside, she must have slept for a few hours.

She swung her legs around and sat on the edge of the bed.

Captain Jeremy burst in the office.

"Hello toots, I've been looking for you. Come with me."

Sarah adjusted her uniform and followed the American officer to the next room.

When they entered she was surprised to see four of the new recruits she had processed earlier.

They were all stark naked in a line side by side.

"We just got the word from General Eisenhower. The big day is in two days time.

I figured you might give these brave young boys a right Royal send off.

What do you say?"

Sarah Young knew only too well that many thousands of brave men sacrificed their lives in order to invade France in 1944 and she felt for these men in front of her.

Having made her name in the adult movie industry she never turned her nose up at a good fucking.

"Of course Captain, I shall do my bit for the war effort."

"Atta girl! God save the King.

So from left to right we got Tom from Louisiana, Rob from Idaho, Hank from California, and last but not least Potato Head. He's from Texas, everything is bigger down there."

Sarah's eyes widened at the sight of the Texans enormously large cock head and understood how he got his nickname.

"Alright lady, strip."

The brunette beauty unbuttoned her green jacket and her massive 42DD tits bounced out to loud whistles from the guys.

"What a rack!"

"Biggest set of tits I ever seen!"

"Come to papa baby!"

Sarah took her skirt off followed by her knickers and stood in just her garter belt and stockings.

She came to Tom first, bent at the waist and wrapped a hand around his rigid cock, parted her lips and let the tip pop inside her mouth.

She gave his stalk a few strokes, then looked at him with her dark smouldering eyes and took half his length into her hot mouth.

Her left hand rubbed his impressive abs as she sucked him slowly, then with a toss of her head popped off and sidled over to Rob.

She licked his stiff pole from the base up to the top still with her left hand on Tom.

Her tongue worked wonders on the thick shaft of Rob, who moaned with delight.

He looked at her bobbing head and the mass of dark curls as his cock vanished into her mouth.

Jeremy had been busy and brought in the cot from his office and set it up.

Rob and Tom lifted Sarah by her arms and placed her horizontally along the thin mattress.

Hank climbed up with a generous seven inch erection and without a word slid into her damp pussy.

Her head tilted backwards as she welcomed his cock inside her and her legs came up and around the back of his strong thighs.

"OH YES!" She cried as he started to fuck the curvy woman.

Sarah shook with delight as she was pinned to the bed by his heavy body, her feet dug into his flesh as she clung to him tightly.

"Fuck, she has a cunt like velvet!"

The other guys were all busy jerking off as they watched the big titted English woman get seriously hammered.

"Hey me next!"

Hank turned his head and Tom took over and moved Sarah into a kneeling position. 

"This is the Louisiana way."

He came behind her and smoothed his palms over her rounded ass and swiped his erection up and down her slit. Then with a hefty lunge shoved into her.

Sarah spread her legs out wider.

Tom came to her from the front and took her pretty face in his hands and kissed her.

He held his stiff cock in his fat fist then fed it to her.

Sarah felt powerful thrusts from behind as her cunt was slammed into, and she was pushed forwards onto Tom who buried himself in her mouth.

She made muffled cries as the three of them moved in unison.

As she moved forward her mouth devoured Tom.

As she moved backward her pussy devoured Hank.

Her gigantic tits jiggled wildly under her from the violent motions.

"Team work!" Yelled Rob who assumed the same position as Hank who slipped out.

Rob was not so well endowed but Sarah bucked back at him determined he have a good fuck.

Tom made way now for Potato Head who loomed over Sarah with his bulbous cock head.

He held his prick steady and she took the big veiny shaft in one hand and wanked it hard.

Taking a great breath she placed her lips around the crown and sucked it in.

He gave a contended nod, her mouth was heavenly as she breathed in and made her cheeks hollow out.

Saliva dribbled out the corners of her mouth as she sucked on the big head alone.

He was just too big to take all in.

Behind her Rob tensed and tugged his knob from her and came on her right buttock.

The sperm dripped over her silky skin.

"Good start men." Said Captain Jeremy who had now stripped and stood masturbating.

Sarah noticed his body was covered in hideous black hair.

She was flung onto her back once more and Potato Head parted her slender legs, and accidentally ripped her stockings in his excitement.

"You may need this."

Jeremy held a jar of Vaseline in his hand and smeared a generous amount on the mound of the brunette goddess.

Potato Head eased in slowly and lifted her legs up onto his broad shoulders and sank right in to the hilt.

Sarah gasped at the size and gripped his thighs in a firm grip as he plundered her soft cunt.

"This is how we do it in Texas."

He dug his feet in and his butt and calves tensed as he drove in and out of the charming English rose.

His pace quickened and she made little noises deep in her throat as she was filled completely by the thick cock.

Despite her years as a porn star, despite her busy sex life, she still had a tight pussy as Potato Head discovered as he felt his seed course through his stiffness.

"Gonna cum babe." He announced and shifted up her body as he pinned her down. 

He rested his pulsing cock in her generous cleavage, then shot his load and rained spots of cum along her big boobs up to her neck.

"Wonderful!" He said and spun around with his knob still dripping.

With her fabulous tits still covered in the sticky stuff Sarah was hoisted up by her arms and Hank sneaked under her and sat on his ass.

Jeremy and Tom held her tight then plonked her down onto the waiting and stiff cock of Hank.

In a cowgirl position he yanked her down right onto his prick until she was completely stuffed. She rested on his balls and bit her lower lip as her cunt widened to accept the thick girth.

Sarah began to lift up and move her hips to and fro along his tool. 

It felt quite pleasant and she leaned forwards so her mammoth boobs smacked him in the face.

"What a babe, stacked, cute with an English accent."

"Why thank you, I like you too."

As her butt bobbed up and down she felt strong hands from behind part her buttocks and smear Vaseline in her anus.

She knew what to expect and relaxed her lower body for an anal invasion.

Sure enough a big fat cock pierced her sphincter and found its way inside her asshole.

She controlled her breaths as her body was now sandwiched between two sweaty men.

A look over her shoulder confirmed it was Tom who had entered her from behind.

Sarah rolled her hips back and forth, then up and down and the friction inside her two channels was indescribable. 

"Fuck, I'm so full, its amazing."

Tom could feel Hank swell through the thin membrane and pump her pussy full of cum.

That drove him over the edge and he gushed inside her ass.

Sarah screamed with the exquisite sensation and had herself an enormous orgasm.

The men disengaged from both her holes and cum poured out of her in torrents.

Exhausted and covered in sperm and sweat Sarah Young laid on her back and took deep breaths.

Her nylons were now just tatters around her legs.

Captain Jeremy came to her with his fist around his angry looking prick and sprayed her titanic tits with his load.

As the girl rose slowly up and looked around she saw all the men lined up with their hands to their right temples

"We salute you Sarah, V for Victory!"

Sarah smiled and put her hand to her brow. She felt strange and the room spun violently as her body began to drift back into the time vortex once more.

Yet again she was transported into the infinite corridors of time.
