 Sarah Young tumbled over and over and yet felt no resistance in the endless abyss of the time vortex. All her senses were assaulted by the flash of coloured light until she reappeared and found herself in a low lit room on an ornate armchair.

She blinked several times then saw that she was completely naked on the seat. This was different to the previous times when she had visited other periods and had been assimilated and dressed accordingly.

Her mane of dark brown curls cascaded over her shoulders and down her back and she swept a loose lock from her pretty face. 

It was now Sarah noticed three very young women with large urns into which they dipped their hands then smeared the oils on her skin. One massaged her calves and feet, another her neck and big breasts. The third spent a long time rubbing her stomach and groin, her eyes on hers the whole time.

Sarah enjoyed the treatment and closed her eyes. The lotion smelled of rose water and almond oil felt nice. Every muscle in her body relaxed under the expert massage.

She had no idea where or when she had arrived but it was no hardship. 

"Evening Madam, heartily glad to meet you, tell me your name, what are you called?"

A tall man in a dress coat of wine red with white lace short cuffs and satin trousers stood over her. Sarah suddenly became shy of her nakedness and covered her mound of Venus. She gazed at him and guessed he might be European, Italian maybe. 

"Why, my name is Sarah, from England."

The elegant man adjusted his cravat and held a monocle to his right eye and looked at her.

"Your servant my Lady, I am Casanova, and you my dear are astonishingly attractive."

The man bowed and hustled the maids away with a shake of his hand. His dark eyes took in every inch of her curvaceous body from top to bottom. 

"Splendid of you to partake in this evenings orgy, you will be the most sought after woman tonight I'll wager." 

With that he turned and left, Sarah looked confused. 

An orgy? Was this THE Casanova?

Before she could think more the maids returned, stood her up and draped a heavy velvet robe over her shoulders. Then she was steered through one room to a much bigger and high ceilinged room. There was one large chandelier in the centre of the ceiling and many candelabra all around on antique tables.

Sarah gasped aloud as she saw dozens of people in groups and pairs in animated discussion. The men all dressed like Casanova with white wigs on their heads. 

Whereas the dozen women were all totally nude and sipped drinks from long stemmed glasses.

"Evening one and all, I am humbled so many of you could attend my weekend frolics. Tonight we Barons, Counts and other Nobles are all equal in this Casino here in Paris.

Here for one thing, SEX!"

Cheers filled the room as all the men stripped their clothing and flung various items to the carpeted floor. Sarah's eyes bulged at all the different sized cocks which the men stroked and held up. 

Some thick, others long and one had a banana like curve which caught her eye. Also one African who sported a length of meat that must have been nine inches long.

"Tonight we are blessed to have with us Lady Sarah from England, Madam take a bow."

Behind her she felt arms drag the heavy robe away and her spectacular curves were revealed to everyone. Gasps and approvals were heard as her sleek oiled body was leered at by all. Her mammoth breasts hung large on a small midriff which made the big globes seem even larger. Her toned bare legs were slightly parted and the smooth shaven labia were visible under her triangle of dark pubic hair. 

Casanova gave her adorable rump a smack and propelled her into the throng of naked people and laughed.

"Let the orgy commence!"

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Back, or was that forward? In 1993 Doctor Swain and his assistant Ann McGregor frantically scanned various monitors and equipment. Desperate to locate Sarah Young in the time continuum they had tried everything they could think of but all to no avail.

"How about reversing the tunnel spiral? Is that even possible?"

Ann took her eyeglasses off her face and chewed on the end. Swain shook his head.

"We could never generate enough power to even consider that. Maybe slow the axis, yes that might be an option. I'll let General Kirk know."

Ann was worried about the former porn star whom had come to her for a chance to work on Project Tic Toc and felt some responsibility for the girls predicament. She would not rest until she was back safe and sound.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Back in 1750 Sarah looked around at the amazing scenes that unfolded before her.

There were bodies everywhere, loud moans filled the vast room as the people clustered together. Threesomes, couples and groups of just girls were busy. There was not a single person not fucking, sucking or both. 

One king sized bed was in the centre and many armchairs and sofa chairs as well. 

Sarah sat on one and felt an ache in her pussy. She had not been fucked for a while, the last time period she had visited had been in the time of Robin Hood. 

He was truly well endowed but she had been taken from that moment when he was just about to give her his big prick.

As she day dreamed a hand felt her left boob and thumbed the nipple. Another teased her moist pussy and she found two ravishing brunettes next to her. 

Sarah spread her thighs so the probing finger went deep inside her. The woman pulled out and lifted a glistening finger that had been coated with her sweet juices. 

From behind the back of the sofa two more female hands caressed her gigantic tits while the woman at her feet put both her hands between her thighs and parted her ass cheeks. 

Sarah squirmed in delight from the attention and closed her eyes. Her soft skin glowed from the almond and rose water and the women adored her tender flesh.

Someone turned her body around and she thrust her cute butt up in the air and a hand found her clitoris from the rear and rubbed the sensitive nub briskly.

Tiny sobs came from her throat as she was fondled and stroked, she had filmed orgy scenes in her career in the adult movie business and had always enjoyed them. 

A woman kissed her lips and a thread of spit dripped from the both of them. Then another pair of lips joined in and made it a three way kiss.

Enthralled in the moment Sarah felt a larger hand separate her buttocks and a stiff cock was shoved into her wet cunt. She moaned in the mouth of the woman kissing her then braced her body as she was fucked from behind.

Every push from the unknown man shoved her into the woman hard, the stiff prick felt hot and big. Then Sarah saw a plump man move the woman aside and bring his erection to her open mouth, hold the back of her head, and ram it in. 

The mans tool pushed past her red lips and she sucked on it greedily.

She felt her cunt gape as the man behind her withdrew from her, then in an instant he was replaced by another rigid penis and she was fucked hard once more.

With a firm grip on plump mans cock she was able to stroke the shaft and lick around the spongy glans. 

Then another big cock came out of the shadows and she now had two men in her face. 

Sarah alternated between the two erections and swiped at one then the other with her snake like flicks of her tongue. 

The room became heated and the orgy reached its peak. On the large bed were two couples engaged in intercourse as one naked man wanked his cock at the scene.

On the carpet by Sarah's sofa two blonde women were locked in an erotic 69 position and moaned loudly.

The man stuffed inside Sarah's wet pussy pulled out, she never saw the men who fucked her doggy but they were enjoyable. Now a girl passed by and dropped behind her exposed butt and began to eat her sodden cunt. 

Sarah loved it and groaned on the two cocks in her mouth as a hot tongue probed her tight cavern. Her legs tensed from the delicious sensation and she came with a muffled scream. 

Sarah Young's senses reeled and before she could catch her breath she was laid on her back, her long legs lifted up and a tip of a prick hovered at her slit. The carpet felt soft on her back as she pushed her pelvis up to the mystery man and he slid in.  

Her hips were right up off the floor and the man penetrated her with deep strokes. She looked at him as she bucked at him, he was good looking and had a nice body. His baby blue eyes gazed into hers and he gripped her waist to hold her steady.

Another cock materialised out of nowhere near her face and Sarah grabbed it and sucked it. Her head was held up, while someone cupped her left tit and squeezed. 

Blowjob man moved aside as a nude woman took his place and crouched over Sarah's face and lowered her cunt to her lips. 

Sarah tongued the hairy pussy while she clenched her thighs and tasted the damp pubes. Blue eyes left and was instantly replaced by a older lady with large pendulous boobs and a very long tongue who flicked at the brunettes clit. The woman was incredible and sent Sarah wild with fast stabs. 

An hour had passed with no respite for the lust driven people. The woman at Sarah's pussy moved her body up onto hers and straddled her. They kissed passionately and Sarah tasted wine on the other, then both gasped as Sarah was penetrated by a hard cock. It felt huge and it stretched her lips out wide. With the lady on top of her she couldn't see who was fucking her but he was good and the fat meat scraped her cunt walls delightfully. 

Then she felt him leave her and the lady above yelped as he entered her and began to fuck her doggy. The woman thrashed and shook her long hair which fell in Sarah's face. 

Sarah could feel her pussy drip down her upturned ass crack and every fibre in her body felt alive.

Mystery man came back to her and shoved himself in her deep so that his balls slapped at her with every thrust home. Sweat prickled her brow and her mane of curls felt clammy on her head. After she and older lady had been fucked alternately twice, she was up on her feet. 

Sarah saw that it was the African man who had just had her and it came as no surprise, he was well hung. 

She shrieked as the tall ebony skinned man picked her up and bent her over the sofa, lifted her leg in mid air and pierced her slick cunt. Totally helpless Sarah was fucked as if she was a doll, her curvy body just a fuck toy for the powerful man who pulled her to him. 

Her second climax hit her and a warm flush surged through her. A hand swept her hair from her blushing face and lips kissed her neck. 

Ebony man pulled from her, his long pole dripped from her fluids and he sat back on the seat . Sarah panted and held onto the short blonde who had just necked her then planted her feet on the carpet either side of his thighs and lowered her puffy cunt onto his waiting erection.

With the leverage of her feet and her right hand on the blonde she managed to bounce up and down on his rigid cock. Her soaked pussy eased his quick strokes and Sarah was lost in pure lust as she rode him. Blondie surprised her by smearing some oil into her butt and ass crack. As she turned her head she felt a cock at her anus which then pushed through hard and fill her up. 

Sarah screamed out as she now had two men inside her in a astounding double penetration. She relaxed her muscles to accommodate them both and a sublime feeling came over her. 

The three of them got into a steady rhythm, Sarah rolled with the two sticks inside her and stared into the Africans eyes with her doe like eyes. He held her gigantic boobs in his black fists and thumbed the hard nipples. Little sobs of pleasure escaped her lips and she breathed fast, this was the best fuck in a while.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

The time tunnel sparked and spat rays of intermittent light as it seemed to Ann the thing was actually alive. Then the hallway screen came on and they had visual of Sarah once more. 

"GENERAL, DOCTOR SWAIN, QUICK!"

Both came running as the mists cleared and a big room gradually came into focus.

"Can you see Sarah?" Asked Swain.

"All I can make out is a circle of men, they're, they're naked!"

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 

Sarah Young rested on her knees on the carpet surrounded by a dozen erect men, all of them aimed their cocks at her.

Casanova wandered over and stood in silence as his three maids slowly stripped him of his finery till he was naked. His monster prick poked up to the ceiling proud and fat, long veins throbbed along the rigid shaft. 

"A most gratifying evening my friends, and you my dear are truly a sexual creature to be sure. Now listen to me whatever occurs next do not use your hands, understood?"

Sarah nodded and bit her lip as the men advanced nearer and pumped their pricks fast.

The first man to cum sprayed her face so it dripped off her cheeks. Then another pumped out all over her face and eyes which made her squint hard. She moved to wipe away the sticky cream but remembered what Casanova had told her. 

The third man pointed his tool right at her and groaned loudly as he rained cum on her in spurt after spurt. Sperm landed on her lips and she stuck out her tongue to catch more. 

Two more men including chubby blasted her so it dribbled down her chin to her pale neck. Another came on her massive tits and Sarah smeared the stuff into her skin with delight. Blue eyes came to her close and spurted out over her face dead centre and grinned broadly. 

Sarah fingered her aching pussy and whimpered softly. Her eyes widened as Africa held her jaw open and spurted right down her throat before he wiped his cock clean on her boobs. 

The men, spent and exhausted, stood aside for Casanova who rubbed his purple headed weapon faster and faster till he roared like an animal and shot jet after jet of his white cream over Sarah. He came and came and came, no end seemed in sight as he sprayed the brunette like he had a hose. Her face, hair and body were all hit. 

Finally he dropped his head and let go his dripping cock from his tight fist

Sarah collapsed in a heap utterly exhausted, her limbs had no strength left and her body was a soggy, sticky mess.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"NOW ANN, BRING THAT POOR WOMAN BACK!"

Kirk screamed at the sight on the screen and implored his aides to act. She looked up at the worried General, then at Doctor Swain and hit reverse spiral. Her hand went to her mouth and her eyes welled up.

Next Chapter Sarah Young in the Wild West.