 Based on the iconic 60's tv show. Intended for fun only.

*****

Sarah Young was once again unceremoniously dumped from the time continuum and emerged dizzy and faint from the transfer.

She faced a blank wall in a low lit room and turned about to see a long bar around nine feet long. A man in a white shirt and waistcoat eyed her as she walked over and stood opposite him. 

"You alright Marshall, you seem funny."

Sarah put her hand to her brow and realised she had a wide brimmed hat on her head.

She looked around from right to left then back to the bar tender. 

He called her Marshall, curious. 

Slowly she walked back to where she had appeared and sat at a basic wooden table with an oil lamp in the centre. Sarah took a seat in a high backed wooden chair and studied herself. 

A long grey dust coat covered her black corset top from which her ample cleavage ballooned out the low neckline. Black jeans were tight around her legs and a heavy gunbelt rested on her wide hips. Two Colt 45 single action revolvers hung from the holsters. On her feet she wore a two inch heel cowboy boot that looked dirty from the dusty floor. 

Every time she had visited the different time periods on her amazing journey Sarah had somehow assimilated in order to blend in. 

She wondered if the scientists back at HQ were aware of this phenomenon, or even if they were able to track her travels through the time vortex at all. A shiver went through her, would she ever get back to 1993? 

"Drink Marshall?" 

Sarah raised her head up and looked at the little man again. She shook her head and walked back to the bar. The guns rode her thighs as she moved. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Mean? You're the US Marshall come to arrest HIM ain't ya?" 

He jerked his thumb over his shoulder at a creased poster that hung from the wall of a mans face side on. Sarah read the words out loud, 

"Wanted Dead or Alive, Sundance Kid, reward of $ 5,000, from the State of Wyoming, dated 1890."

She looked back at bar keep. This was the United States of America, a few years after the Civil War. Astonishing!

"Yeah, and he's right upstairs waiting for you to take him in."

A quick glance in the corner and she saw a wooden staircase up to the next level. She remembered the tales of Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid from her childhood. 

Was he really upstairs? 

She hesitated then slowly made her way up and found the first door ajar. The smell of coffee filled her nostrils. She opened the door with a nervous push and peered into the oil lamp lit room and saw a tall man stretched out on the single bed.

His black stetson hat was over his face as he snoozed, he had black jeans and a grey shirt and his feet were bare. In the corner was a chair and table with saddlebags laid over it. In the other corner was a wooden dresser. 

Sarah raised her black stetson back high on her head, her mass of dark brown hair billowed out over her back and shoulders. 

"Hello Marshall."

The tall man lifted his hat from his face slowly and her big brown eyes widened at his handsome features. A strong jaw with two days of stubble on the chin turned to her and his baby blue eyes burned into hers. He ran a hand through blonde hair and rested on his left elbow. 

Sarah gulped and felt her heart beat fast in her bosom. The kid watched her breasts rise and fall in time with her breathing and she was acutely aware of his attention to her titanic boobs.

"They sent a woman for me? Thats a little demeaning, does the Governor know how nasty I can get?"

The man got to rise and without even thinking about it Sarah drew the Colt from her right holster and pointed it at him. She never used a gun in her life!

Amused he fingered his chin and stood up and looked at the nervous brunette.

"You still got the safety on darlin'."

Sarah looked at the steel in her hand confused and jumped as the shootist grabbed her wrist and wrenched it to the left.

"OWW, you're hurting me, let go." She stared into his blue eyes and melted under his captivating gaze. 

"Let the Peacemaker go and we'll get along."

She relinquished her hold on the Colt and the Kid flung it onto the floor.

"Now, the other one."

Slowly she drew the gun from her left holster and he snatched it from her fist and wrapped his left arm around her tiny waist and pulled her body to his.

"Hey! Get off of me." She squirmed in his grip but he held her tight and reached in and kissed her hard on the mouth. 

With both hands the big boobed babe tried to fend him off, but as he clamped his lips against her cherry red mouth she wilted and returned the kiss, her tongue came out of her parted lips and searched for his.

Her hips pressed at his groin as she reached up to dangle her arms around his neck. 

He in turn held her fabulous ass and kneaded the flesh under her tight fitting jeans.

The rigid bar down his right thigh poked at her through his denim as he became aroused by her curvy figure. The familiar tingle between her thighs betrayed her own thrill as they continued their necking.

"Well, that wasn't there before was it?" Murmured Sarah between nibbling his lips and nuzzling his neck. 

"How about that?" The Kid grinned and sat back on the single bed and held his erection through the jeans.

Sarah knelt at his feet and began to unbutton his fly as he quickly undid his shirt.

Once the jeans were undone she dragged the legs down his strong thighs and got her first look at his stiff cock. 

It was very much bigger than the average man and had a strange curve halfway along the shaft and it turned to the left slightly and ended with a flared crown. 

Intrigued she rubbed up and down the entire length with her left hand stopping at the head. All the time they locked eyes and both became very excited. 

"I bet you're a big hit with the girls huh?"

Without waiting for him to answer she crammed her mouth over the large tip and sucked greedily as she wanked the stalk fast. The Kid laid back and shifted his hips up and wallowed in the fantastic blowjob. She was incredible, loud sucks, lots of tongue flicks and a spiral twist of her hand and his thick pole became hard as steel. She released the organ and spit on the head and shoved it into her mouth again.

"Babe, you're fucking amazing. Keep it and I'm gonna cum down your throat!"

Sarah popped of his twitching prick and held it tight at the base and looked at him.

"Can't have that yet, I want this bad boy in my dripping, soft, mushy, hungry cunt."

The gunslinger laughed as she shrugged her dust coat off her pale arms and stood. He got her roughly by the upper arms and tossed her onto the bed. 

Sarah yelped and before she could catch her breath he had yanked her jeans off her legs and over her boots. 

He dove onto her and lifted her left leg onto his right shoulder and attacked her pussy. She raised both arms up above her head and grabbed onto the wooden headboard as he fast fingered her damp twat. Soft moans came from her, muffled by her pursed lips. When he started to use his tongue to stab at her inner lips Sarah kicked out with her cowboy boots and tore big holes in the cheap sheet. 

Sarah Young was fascinated and confused at the same time by time travel. How long had it been since her involvement in Casanova's orgy. 

Did time pass as she fell through the time/space vortex? Was her time spent in 1750 yesterday, last week? Had she aged? 

Her body seemed to have no bad marks or bruises, her pussy didn't seem raw or swollen, and she had been fucked by many men. Many different size cocks, but here and now she craved this mans love muscle, desperately.

He got her up and turned her to the wall and placed her left leg up on the table. She looked over her left shoulder at his lean naked body and watched him swipe his fat prick up and down her wet slit. 

The Kid looked into her wide pleading eyes and obliged her by pushing his pole right into her in a single lunge. 

Sarah opened her mouth in a silent scream, her breath stuck in her throat as the big erection filled her quim. The thick pole scraped her channel and she felt a definite emphasis to the left wall as his curious curve entered her at an angle.

"Now that's some serious poontang."

With his left hand on her ass cheek he moved back and forth steadily, his eyes mesmerised by her smooth labia. He could make out tiny spots of sweat on her shaven lips and he became possessed and fucked her with hard thrusts that made Sarah whimper with joy.

"What a tight little cunt you have Marshall, its like a glove around me."

Sarah was past caring what he said and revelled in his relentless pounding of her pussy. She squealed like a girl and her big tits bounced around under her. His strong frame gradually pinned her flat on the table top and her big tits were squashed under her.

Was this really happening? She felt her hips shift as he held her steady and pulled her roughly towards his body. His stomach slapped against her ass and she became very wet from the powerful prods. Yes, this was happening.

Sundance tired in this standing position, the floor was gritty on his bare feet, so he moved backwards and dragged Sarah with him. They retreated to the bed and he laid back and let her take over. 

With the heels of her boots on the shredded sheet she crouched over his upright pole and sank down slowly till he was all the way in her slick cunt. 

"Oh babe, your titties are fucking huge!"

With his right hand he peeled back her corset top and her outstanding breasts came free for him to paw at. 

Sarah moved up on his thick cock and made a circle around the swollen head then dropped down so she sat on his balls. She sighed as she adjusted to the fullness of him then began to rise up and down, her eyes on his. 

Both her hands rested on his groin as his stiff prick pounded up inside her wetness and he studied her. She felt amazing impaled on his erection and she looked sensational, truly a study of perfection. He had never seen a more attractive woman in all his days. 

Sarah moved herself onto her knees, leaned into him and ground her butt back and forth along his rod faster and faster. The Kid grabbed onto her cheeks and bucked up into her with strong pelvic thrusts. 

She closed her eyes in ecstasy as her pussy flooded and tightened her thighs against his body. Her right arm held onto his fair head and he buried his face in her cleavage and let her body shudder from her orgasm.

He got up from under her and settled his body on her belly and placed his boner between her tits. Sarah clamped the big globes together and trapped his length and he fucked the channel she made.

The fat head emerged from her cleavage red and angry with each push up almost to her chin. 

"Gonna cum Marshall, gonna cum on your titties!" 

"Uh huh." Sarah licked her lips and waited.

The Sundance Kid grunted and a tiny spurt came from the curvy prick. It dribbled over her skin and she looked at the white spot, then his cock erupted and a long jet hit her on the nose and she yelped in surprise. 

With her tits still tight around his pulsating pole he sprayed her face with three more jets of cum which left a track from her chin to her chest. 

Sarah brought her legs up and rested her boots on the heels. The Kid rolled off her and laid on his back with his cock on his right thigh.

She laid beside him and watched his chest rise as he breathed. 

That had been a nice fuck she thought and idly ran her fingers on the sticky mess on he chest. Then her mind turned to her predicament. What was next?

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Doctor Ann McGregor was alone in her office on a break from monitoring the time tunnel and she sat on her two seat sofa by the wall. She took her white lab coat off and lifted her mid length skirt up to her stomach.

The last few days of watching Sarah Young having hot sex in the various time periods had turned her thoughts to her own desires and now she dreamed of Doctor Doug Phillips. 

The handsome Project Director was in Washington with Senator Clark in another attempt to save the necessary funding to keep dream of time travel alive. 

She and he had dated a while and she missed him badly. 

Her hand dipped down the top of her panties and as her thighs spread out she gently caressed the soft outer lips of her pussy. 

That English girl Sarah was insatiable and clearly revelled in having big cocks stuffed up her. She recalled one of her movies she had viewed in which she had been seduced by Peter North in her office and had been fucked silly till he drenched her face with his cum. And she had loved it. 

Ann used her middle finger to slide into her soft tunnel and with quick flicks of her wrist delved into her entrance. With her eyes tight shut she imagined Doug and his face pressed to her snatch, his hot tongue flat on her cunt. 

Soon her juice flowed over her digit and the wetness made her poke up ever deeper. Laid out horizontally her left leg went up over the back of the sofa and Ann jerked her hips and rode her finger as if it was Doug between her thighs with his superb cock thrust up her. 

Now with urgent stabs she felt a warm feeling in her lower body. Her left hand untucked the blouse out of the waist of her skirt and fondled her breast. Her right found her clitoris and flicked the hard nub side to side, her favourite way of stimulating herself. 

Ann put her head on the seat and clamped her thighs together as her orgasm came with a rush of sheer joy. 

As she recovered her eyes went to a four by six picture of Doug on her desk. 

We need you here my love, we don't know where to turn next.

Up next, Sarah Young and a Jolly Roger.