 Doctor Ann McGregor and Doctor Doug Phillips laid in each others arms and she hugged him close, his skin on her felt divine. 

They had just enjoyed a lusty urgent fuck as they spent their first time together in a month. 

He was a considerate lover and usually brought her to an orgasm but he needed his release and they had engaged in a quickie for his relief. 

"We are out of options my darling, even the reverse spiral didn't work. Poor Sarah is hopelessly lost." Whispered Ann in his ear as she nibbled his lobe. 

The dark haired man frowned. 

He had not expected the time tunnel to have been activated yet, and had been surprised at the news the English woman Sarah Young had gone and jumped into the vortex. 

The last they had heard she had been found in 1890 in the old US wild west. 

Wherever she turned up next was anybodys guess. 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah Young found herself rolling around on a dirty wooden surface, the sound of waves could be heard in her ears as she raised her head. 

A tall man loomed over her as she tried to get to her knees. 

"Who are you woman, and how come you aboard my ship?" 

She looked up into the sun and saw a silhouette of a six foot man in a cotton shirt with loose fit sleeves and pants down to the knee. His jacket had metal buttons and a satin lining which came down to his thigh length black boots. 

As she shaded her eyes she was dragged to her feet by a strong pair of arms from behind and was shoved into the face of the stern man. 

"My name is Sarah, from England." She squirmed and flung her head up. 

He crossed his arms and looked into her dark brown eyes which were wide open. 

"Are you friend of Ann Bonney?"

What did he mean? As her arms were pinned to her sides she took a look down at herself.

She had on a white long sleeved blouse with a plunging neckline and her fabulous 42DD tits threatened to burst free from the light cotton top. 

Around her waist was a big cincher belt in black pulled in tight atop back pants that hugged her hips and cute butt. 

Wide calf boots with thin high heels came up to the where the pants finished. 

Her mane of dark brown curls hung freely about her shoulders and two large hoop rings hung from her ears.

She could feel the warmth of a tropical climate and turned to see she was aboard a long 80 foot sailing ship with big white sails, and, and, and a black flag with skull and crossbones!

This was a pirate ship!

"Take her below deck First Mate." The man turned his back and studied a chart in his hands.

"Aye aye Captain." Said the fair haired man who tugged her by the elbow to a wooden door which led to a crude staircase. 

The crewman led her to a small cabin and tossed her in where Sarah fell onto a hard mattress. She looked at the man who grinned at her and stroked his trim beard.

"Don't know how you got aboard the Ranger but Calico Jack is none too pleased."

He leered at her and ran his eye over her buxom breasts and pretty face. 

Her eyes had a innocent look about them and she bit her lip anxiously.

"Please Sir, don't hurt me will you? I'm just a bit lost is all."

He laughed heartily.

"I'll say you are, we're about to drop anchor in the Bahamas with stacks of Spanish silver, and you look like some fresh faced posh wench dressed like a man!"

"Well I'm not a man."

He laughed again and came closer as she moved up the bed to the rounded wall.

"Not with titties like that, I agree."

The mate held her face by the chin and looked deep into her doe like eyes.

"You have nice ruby lips, almost like a cunt. May I fuck your cunt lips?"

Sarah tried to turn away but he gripped her face hard and turned her back to him.

"Get off of me!"

"Sorry whore, when I said MAY I fuck your lips, I didn't mean you had an option."

Fair man dropped his pants and whipped out his cock, already hard and stiff and shoved it at her.

The shaft was fairly long with a huge flared crown and he was surprisingly gentle when he pressed it to her mouth. 

Nervously Sarah kissed and tasted its saltiness. 

"If I please you will you spare me any discomfort?"

He nodded and held his erection up and waggled it.

She wrapped both her hands around the erection at the base and slowly rubbed it up and down to where the head started and it stuck up out of her fists. 

"Good girl, now suck it."

He put his hands on his hips as the stunning brunette leaned toward him and took the tip in past her lips. It throbbed in her mouth as she willingly let the cock shove its way in. 

Sarah bobbed her head as she took more of the meat in and salivated freely as she went down further. 

The rigid prick slid across her tongue and pushed to the back of her mouth. 

Impatiently fair hair grabbed her by the hair and started to pump in and out fast, his hips sawing back and forth. 

He moved in her mouth vigorously like he fucked a vagina, just as he had promised and with a surge of his butt he let his cock pop from her face and shot his wad over her mouth and chin.

"Lovely, your mouth is the best I ever fucked."

He tugged his pants up and let Sarah wipe his sticky cum from her face. 

From a corner he produced a bowl with some sort of oats and tossed it her way.

"Dinner is served."

And with that he left and closed the cabin door shut with a loud clank of a key in the hole.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sarah Young felt the ship rock as it sailed and a noisy creak of timber could be heard now and again. 

Shouts of men and heavy boots above her head made her jump, then it seemed like the ship had stopped and cheers of happy men filled the air.

The former porn star wondered what period this was, 1720 seemed a good guess when piracy was at its peak.

What an amazing machine was the time tunnel!

She seemed to have no ill effects from the transportations and her person didn't appear to have changed. 

Her hair, nails and pubes hadn't grown since he had left 1993.

Was she somehow suspended in time? Did she age? Why was she never really hungry?

One thing she desired was sex, and had enjoyed some wild times in the different time periods. 

The cabin door opened and the First Mate appeared again.

Sarah moved back instinctively and drew her boots up to her chest. 

The fair haired man held out a hand to her.

"With me wench." 

She hesitated wondering what was outside. 

"The Captain wishes to speak to you, come on." 

Slowly she got to her feet and followed the sailor upstairs. 

Back to the stern of the ship they walked past other sailors who leered at the attractive woman. 

She guessed they had weighed anchor and she saw land in the near distance. 

They reached a bigger cabin and the man knocked and a voice yelled out to enter. 

Fair man opened the door and gave Sarah a shove in.

Calico Jack sat at a basic wooden table with charts and logs. 

"Welcome aboard the Ranger my dearest Sarah of England."

He got up and came around to the nervous beauty. 

"You are stunningly handsome my dear, did Ann dress you thus?"

"I, I don't know anyone called Ann, that is not here, well not this time, er." 

Jack stood beside her and she looked into his blue eyes as he caressed her left cheek.

His hand moved to her shoulders and she breathed a bit harder.

She felt his hands touch her big boobs and then he kissed her on the mouth. 

His hand snaked between their bodies and he undid the strings of her broad belt.

Without breaking the long kiss he pulled her belt off and yanked her blouse off over her head. 

As her outstanding breasts tumbled free he held the enormous globes of flesh in his hands. 

"Your boobies are truly remarkable, never have I seen better, and I have sailed the seven seas." 

He studied them closely and massaged them at his leisure. 

Sarah willingly gave herself to him, his face and shoulder length blonde hair had a certain appeal to her. 

His hands were warm as they wandered all over.

"Have you eaten?" He said as he went and sat on the narrow bed that ran along the wall of the Captains cabin.

"A little, it was disgusting."

Calico Jack pointed to the smaller table where she saw a bowl of fruit.

"Help yourself."

Sarah, still topless walked over in her boots and took a banana and unpeeled it. 

He watched her as she put the top in her mouth and took a bite with her white teeth and chewed the morsel. 

Jack felt his cock move as he continued to stare at Sarah as she parted her red lips and closed them around the white banana and held it in her mouth. 

Her dark seductive eyes gazed into his as she slowly bit into the fruit and swallowed with her mouth open.

He sat up and waited for her to approach. 

He heard her boots on the creaky timber floor as she came to him and he buried his face in her deep cleavage.

Sarah knelt at his boots and undid the buttons on his pants and his fat erect cock came out and she held it in her left hand .

Impressive she thought, nice and smooth with a long blue vein up the side of the shaft.

"You have a nice cock Captain."

Sarah looked deep into his eyes as she gave it a clockwise twist. 

He groaned as he watched her mouth move onto his big head and rapidly suck on him.

His hips rolled in rhythm with her nodding head and he planted his boots on the floor as he held her to his groin. 

Jack held her head still and enjoyed the feel of her hot breath on his stiff organ. 

She was amazing, he could feel her tongue as it flicked at his crown inside her. 

Then he released her and with urgent nods Sarah licked up the whole length of the sweet tasting prick. 

Calico Jack removed his shirt and lowered his britches over his legs, Sarah continued to suck on him oblivious to his actions.

"You are a gifted young wench, to be sure."

He stood up and helped Sarah remove her pants which left her captivating body naked except for her calf high boots.

His eye took in her massive breasts on a tiny waist and slender toned thighs. 

Her pussy was smooth with a triangle of dark hair that sat above her labia. 

A thin film of sweat dappled her silky skin. 

"Astonishing! You are a vision of beauty. I shall enjoy this enormously."

Sarah was quite aroused herself and felt the familiar sense of a damp pussy and crouched over his lap. She took his cock in her right hand and aimed it between her legs. 

Filled with excitement the blonde haired pirate watched the brunette goddess shift her hips and slide down his stiffness like it was a flagpole.

She rested on his lap impaled on the thick organ and with her boots settled on the floor firmly began to ride along him.

Her hands went to the top of his shoulders and began to lift herself up and down and forced her hot cunt to devour his fully erect eight inches. 

Jack cupped her ass cheeks and started to grind her along his hard prick. 

She began to fuck him furiously, filled with the need to stuff her wet cunt with his pole.

Her juices oiled him up and he slid in easily. 

Sarah rose nearly all the way up then crashed back onto him, her pussy tightened around his stalk and she sped up even faster.

His lean body and hairless skin appealed to her and she raked her nails across his belly.

With his rod firmly inside Sarah ground her hips and rubbed her pelvis to and fro which gave her clitoris superb stimulation.

Great sobs escaped her red lips and she tossed her head forwards which sent her lush hair onto his body.

"You fuck like a demon possessed," Said Calico Jack with gladness.

Sarah continued to slam her perfect rump onto his thighs, lost in sheer passion for the rut.

The pirate captain gripped her by the waist and with a powerful lunge stood up and spun the surprised dazzler onto her back on the cot and began to fuck her missionary.

His stiff pole never left her pussy and they carried on without a pause.

With strong biceps he brought her delectable legs up onto his shoulders as he leaned over her and this position buried his prick inside her deep. The boots dangled over his back. 

He felt incredible with his cock stuffed up the wonderful girl. 

She shook her head on the fine down pillow and occasionally looked up into his blue eyes, then she moaned as he shoved hard and her eyes shut tight.

Little intakes of breath made her throat squeak quietly as he plowed in. 

Her magnificent tits jiggled from his violent thrusts.

"Its like fucking a glove, I do believe I may spill my seed."

The sweat covered man slowed to deep hard plunges that filled Sarah, his balls slapped against her every time he entered.

Each big lunge pressed her back into the mattress and her cries of ecstacy grew louder.

The two were so engrossed in their love making they didn't hear the cabin door open until a voice spoke.

"Morning Calico Jack, we disturbing you?"

Sarah and Jack shot up and looked at two figures in the threshold of the cabin.

At first glance it appeared to be men, but on closer examination it was a couple of women in mens clothing.

The captain lowered Sarah's legs and she rested on her right elbow as she looked to the door.

"ANN! MARY! WELCOME! And many thanks for this." He stood and pointed at the bewildered English woman. 

The first figure came forward with a flaming mass of red hair and a knee length velvet frock coat and ankle wide boots with tight pants tucked in. 

A white corset kept her tits up on her chest.

The other with long straight black hair and grey eyes gave Sarah a scowl.

Her plunging neck white blouse was brought in tight around her narrow waist with a cincher black belt above black pants and thigh high black boots.

"And who the fuck might this cunt be?"

Ann Bonney, the redhead, looked at Jack who held his throbbing cock in his right fist and jerked a thumb to the naked brunette.

"Isn't she a gift from you my love?"

"Certainly not, isn't Mary and me enough for you? Where did she come from?"

Jack scratched his head, good question he thought.

Mary Read came closer to the nervous Sarah and held her face tightly by the chin.

"Your tits are like fucking cannon balls!"

She stroked the massive boobs and looked down at her gaping cunt that had been stretched out by the Captains big prick.

"Ann come take a look at this!"

Ann came closer as Mary prised open Sarah's legs and they both stared at her shaven labia.

"The cunt has a bald cunt!"

Both women sat beside the bemused girl and they probed and fingered the wet pussy.

"Please ladies, just be nice."

Sarah looked from one to the other with wide eyes and her lips parted to show a row of white teeth.

Mary stood and unlaced her broad belt then lifted her flimsy blouse off over her head.

Two perky breasts were revealed with nipples hard as bullets as she tossed the shirt aside.

Then she bent at the waist and clamped her face to Sarah's immense tits.

Ann looked at Jack and kissed him hard on the mouth and gripped his stiff cock in her right hand.

"Sit back and watch this, this is your gift."

The fiery haired woman turned to the others and Sarah watched her drop the heavy frock coat to the floor then unlaced her corset and her pendulous 34DD boobs flopped out large.

Bent double she peeled her tight pants down and stepped out of them so she only had her ankle boots on.

Her hand went between her upper thighs and she rubbed her mound, covered by a thick bush of ginger pubes.

She joined Mary and pawed at the titanic tits of Sarah who leaned back with legs spread open.

Mary dived down and used thumb and finger to open her outer lips and poke her tongue in the juicy honey pot.

As she lapped away like a puppy drinking water Mary made soft moans.

"Mmm, I can taste Jack's cock in the wenchs cunt Ann."

She looked up and parted the soft thighs wider and Ann came and licked the wet pussy herself.

"Sweet and sour." She said as she poked her long tongue up the exposed hole and tickled the inner thigh at the same time.

The sensation was intense and Sarah writhed in delight and squealed. 

Her legs went up and her pussy was even more exposed for Ann to use her very long tongue and probe her wetness.

Mary unlaced her pants and removed them with her big boots still on she was naked. She held Sarah by her face and kissed her ruby lips, her tongue made its way in Sarah's mouth and searched for hers.

The two female pirates smothered the English girl and together they caressed and licked and kissed and squirmed in a mass of legs and tits.

Calico Jack enjoyed the show and frantically wanked his twitching cock as he looked on from the corner.

Three fingers found their way up inside Sarah and jabbed in and out, then one of the women massaged her clit rapidly and she went into the throes of an orgasm. 

"Look at this cunt leak Mary!"

It was true Sarah seeped her fluid down her thighs and shivered with the delicious feeling.

With eyes closed Sarah was placed on her back while Ann laid with her head between her legs and licked the sweet taste.

Then Mary laid down too and the hot women made a triangle with Sarah's tongue in Mary's pussy and Mary deep inside Ann .

Loud sucking sounds filled the modest cabin as they all wriggled together close.

Ann's ginger pussy darkened with her juices as Mary Read brought forth her climax.

She lifted her head to see Sarah busy with her own bushy cunt and screamed aloud when the English woman took her clit between hard teeth and bit lightly on the nub. 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

As they all stared up at the time tunnel Doctor Swain explained what he intended, a rapid reverse spiral with half power followed by a clockwise twist with full power.

Ann and Doug sat side by side at the desk nearest the cylindrical hallway and listened. 

General Kirk watched concerned a short distance away completely utterly confused. 

He had full faith in his team to rescue Sarah Young from the past but didn't understand a thing about time travel. 

"I got visual again!" A woman in a white lab coat yelled excitedly and the big screen kicked in. 

The dim lit ships cabin began to brighten and the team of Project Tic Toc looked at what seemed to be a group of naked people. 

Sarah was at the heart of what looked to be three women and a fair haired man who loomed over them with a raging hard on.

"See! Sarah is a serious fuck bunny!" She whispered to Doug who was mesmerised by the gigantic tits she had. 

The women all looked seriously hot in their buccaneer boots as they knelt at the feet of the erect man. 

They kissed and caressed each other as they waited for the man to ejaculate.

Ann licked her lips and put her hand in the lap of her lover Doug and gripped his bar under his trousers. 

He reacted and pushed his hips up and let Ann rub his crotch hard. 

"Are you listening Doug? I said do you agree?"

"What? Oh, umm, excuse me for one moment. Ann could you join me please?"

He got to his feet awkwardly and Ann walked in front of him to hide his tented trousers.

They managed to make it to the mens washroom where the two kissed and hugged in a frenzied manner.

Doug ripped Ann's white coat from her body then flipped around to face the tiled wall.

His right hand moved down to the front of her thighs and felt the wetness from her panties.

Shockwaves went through her body as she pulled them down at the same time he unzipped his erect prick and slipped her the swollen head under her raised skirt. 

Ann moaned and closed her eyes as her man moved forward and didn't stop until his entire cock was inside her.

He pulled back and left only the big tip in.

She sighed from the incredible invasion of her cunt.

That was only the first thrust!

Doug held her hip and began to pump in and out fast as she pushed at the wall with her palms. 
