 She opens her eyes slowly, stretching as she starts to come awake. It was a nice day in the woods and the bed of leaves looked so inviting. As she starts to regain her composure she notices a shadow laying across her, she follows the shadow till she gets to it's hooves, than her eyes start to grow round as they travel up his goat legs to his engorged member, over his stomach, up his chest to finally rest on his horned head.

"When you sleep in the woods, you have to pay the piper. Have you heard that phrase before little one, paying the piper? Well I'm the piper and I've come to collect my payment" the satyr says with a wicked sneer.

The young women climbs to her feet and begins to brush loose leaves from her dress trying her best to ignore the 13 inch cock of the satyr only inches from her.

"Sir I did not know these woods were your domain, I beg your forgiveness and please allow me to pass unmolested."

She looks into his eyes, holding his look, mustering all the courage she has.

"What's your name little one?" he asks while undressing her with his eyes.

"Beth" she manages to squeak out.

"Well Beth, forgiveness is given, pass you may, but molested you will be"

Without thinking Beth turns and is off in a dash, sprinting for where she remembers the exit to the woods to be. She dashes madly through the underbrush, twigs snagging on her dress and shawl. Finally panting for breath she nears the area where she knows the tree line should break, just a little further she thinks, when finally... nothing. She bursts into a small clearing only to find the satyr standing on the other side of it smiling at her. There is no way I got turned around, it must have been this way she thinks.

"Debtors in debt till a debt be paid." He says as he stars to walk forward. She begins backing away watching his advance. He smiles that wicked smile again and crouches on his goat legs and suddenly leaps through the air landing only an arms reach from her.

She starts to scream out when he is upon her, gripping both her upper arms holding her slightly off the ground. She is perfectly eye level with him. He looks so human from afar but up close she can see where his teeth are a little sharper, face a little more wolfish and long, ears slightly pointed. Not ugly or disfigured as she originally thought but more feral and rugged. 

The way he's looking at her makes her blush slightly. He leans forward and sniffs at her neck and ears. Looking at him she starts to think how he might even be considered attractive but definitely not in a human way. Than she realizes what actually is pressed into her belly and up to right below her breasts. She struggles and lashes out with both legs; he laughs and drops her but doesn't release hold of her dress, instead letting her struggle out of it in attempt to get away from him. She flays her arms about and runs and tears at the dress till finally she rips her way free.

She bolts into the woods again running as fast as her fear stricken legs will carry her. With all her momentum carrying her forward it only makes her fall that much harder when she does trip a second later. As she starts to struggle to her feet he lands on top of her. He doesn't push her to the ground but he does prevent her from standing. She is panting heavily on her knees with his weight on her back. His giant member is again on her belly, when he came up behind her he slid it in-between her legs to where it is now, throbbing pressing up on her naked belly. She suddenly realizes that her bra and panties are no defense to this man beast.

"Ready to debt no more" he lustily whispers into her ear. She struggles to free herself but now he just allows his weight to collapse her to the ground. He places his right hand square on the middle of her back and presses down. She feels his strength and realizes that with that one hand on her back he can quite effectively keep her pressed belly to the ground. He pulls his cock out from under her and rolls so he is sitting in-between her legs spreading her legs apart. She screams for him to stop but he pays her no mind as he uses a taloned finger to tear the band of her underwear. 

With two more quick movements of his hand she is now panty less and exposed on the ground for his viewing pleasure. He runs a finger slowly down the back of her leg and back up the inside. When he gets to her pussy he rubs his finger in slow circles around her opening.

"Stop" she screams at him.

He is quickly on top of her with cock pressing slightly into her exposed pussy.

"You want I should stop being gentle debtor, fine, I'll stop being gentle."

As he is saying this he starts to slide his huge dick into her tight opening. Her screams turn to whimpers as he starts to slide his massive cock in and out of her. She has never been filled so completely in her entire life, of the three sex partners she's had before none of them has ever made her feel like this, here as she was, practically being raped by a mythical beast and she was starting to moan in pleasure.

"Pay your debt" he whispers lustily in her ear. His deep voice and massive cock prove too much for her. She pushes back hard rocking him to his knees and allowing her to come off the ground onto her knees and hands. She shoves back hard against him swallowing all 13+ inches into her wet pussy. He is half beast but she sounds all animal as she shoves back against him. He is taken back as he struggles to thrust into her in time with her own frantic urgency. 

She leans back so she is impaled on his cock and he falls back. Losing his balance he finally does tumble over onto his back, but the she-beast continues to ride his massive cock. When he is deep inside her she twists around so she is facing him straddling him, staring down at him.

He notices a little bit of a smile on her face as she grinds her pussy up and down on him, digging her fingers and nails deep into the flesh of his chest. She screams yes and starts to shake as he feels her wet pussy convulse around his dick. With a final spasm she rolls to the side off him letting his now limp dick slide free of her. She lay there on her back and he moves up in between her legs and gently starts to lick her enflamed and swollen pussy. She moans and puts her hands on his horns as he licks the swelling down, letting his canine tongue run up and down the length of her pussy. 

She pulls his head closer to her pussy so he shoves his long tongue up her pussy and laps furiously as her pussy explodes for a second time. He stands up and looks down on her from above, she lets her eyes drift to his dangling cock and playfully reaches up and starts to play with its tip as it hangs in front of her. At her touch his cock jumps a little and starts to grow again. 

When she notices this she grips it hard and pulls him down onto her chest. He sits there with his massive dick running up in between her tits onto her faces where she starts to lick the tip and sides. It's too big to fit far down her throat but she does the best she can. She pushes her tits together as he starts to slide up and down her body. She licks and sucks frantically trying to get him to cum one more time. 

She shoves his dick as far down her throat and gags as he lets out an animal roar. Jets of semen come shooting out of his dick, down her throat, she starts to swallow as fast as she can but some leaks out the sides of her mouth. She slowly rubs him now milking his cock for all it's worth. He pulls away and licks her face; she smiles and kisses his face, sucking slightly on his tongue. He fully stands up and looks down on her.

"Debtor debts no more, forgiveness is granted, pass you may, free to come and go as you please you shall, molested you were, but molested was I, molested we both shall be"

With that he leans down and around her neck places a thin rope woven of fine vines. She can't find where he tied it though; it appears the vine grew in a circle. On it is a small leaf, when she looks closer she notices it is actually a whistle with a very tiny blow hole. 

"Now little one, time for a little death" after he says that he throws his head back and growls, looking down on her with fangs bared. He lunges towards her throat and as soon as she feels his teeth sink into her skin...

She sits up and screams... was it a dream, she looks around for her satyr lover but sees no sign of him. She runs her hands under her dress to her wet pussy and smiles as she feels a tingle when her fingers brush over its velvety smoothness. Her panties are gone!

She reaches for her neck and there she finds the most curious necklace, vines that grow together with a little leaf whistle attached. A smile creeps onto her face as she raises the whistle to her lips.