 By 

Howard T. Brooks and Marla Al Vutha (formerly JimsPet)

(October 2007)

Authors Note: The following short story is a work of fiction, and is for entertainment purposes only. All characters are over the age of eighteen. The following topic can be quite controversial. The author does not condone or endorse the Satanic religion. The author does not practice Satan worshiping, has never taken part in a Satanic ritual, and does not have the interest or inclination to ever do so! The author does not claim to be an expert on Satanic rites or sacrifice (or even if they actually do that). Any references to the Satanic rite were found during research for another project. The author is a Pagan Witch, who does not believe in non-consensual rape. My religion teaches that the pentagram is a holy symbol representing the elements and Spirit joined. From what I understand Satanists use the Baphomet or inverted pentagram which some witches use to represent the Horned God. By the way, the beginning scene is somewhat drawn from personal experience. I'm a big chicken shit and Michael Meyers scares the piss outta me! As a final note the author would like to remind you to be safe and smart. Remember the old saying, " What ye call up, ye must be able to put back down."

*

Blue Oyster Cult's "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" came on the radio and I cranked it up.

 'All our times have come Here but now they're gone Seasons don't fear the reaper Nor do the wind, the sun or the rain We can be like they are'  'Come on baby... Don't fear the Reaper Baby take my hand... Don't fear the Reaper We'll be able to fly... Don't fear the Reaper Baby I'm your man...' 'Valentine is done Here but now they're gone Romeo and Juliet Are together in eternity... Romeo and Juliet' '40,000 men and women everyday... Like Romeo and Juliet 40,000 men and women everyday... Redefine happiness Another 40,000 coming everyday...We can be like they are'  'Come on baby... Don't fear the Reaper Baby take my hand... Don't fear the Reaper We'll be able to fly... Don't fear the Reaper Baby I'm your man...'   'Love of two is one Here but now they're gone Came the last night of sadness And it was clear we couldn't go on The door was open and the wind appeared The candles blew and then disappeared The curtains flew then he appeared Saying don't be afraid'