 All characters 18 or older.

*****

Chapter One

"The It Girl"

Of all the things that I thought could one day destroy my life as I know it Caty Patton's breasts would have been near the bottom of the list.

My name is Rudy Crayton and I'm an inventor. I have been building things for as long as I can remember. I built all kinds of rope and pulley based contraptions in the backyard as a kid. I took apart the TV and put it back together. In high school I found an interest in robotics. It started with simple little robot kits but it only grew from there.

That's how I got myself into this mess. I became president of the school's robotics club. Everyone in school knew this. So when we were assigned a science project due at the end of the year that would be worth half our grade I knew someone would want to use me to get a good grade for very little work. I did not expect it to be Caty.

She was our school's It girl. She was tall with flowing black hair. Her skin had an olive tone to it and her face was beautiful with lovely Eurasian features. Every boy wanted to date her and every girl wanted to be her. The only thing she really seemed to lack was a nice rack. Hers was a solid B cup, not bad but nothing to write home about. She and didn't exactly run in the same circles so I was a bit taken aback when she tapped me on my shoulder in class that day.

"Hey Rudy."

"Hey ... hey Caty."

"I was wondering if you'd mind working with me on our project."

"Really?"

"Of course silly."

"Yeah that'd be great! I mean sure I guess I could do that."

She laughed.

"Great, we'll get started today. Be at my house at four."

"You lucky dog," my pal Reggie teased shoving my shoulder.

"Shut up."

We were having lunch, or at least I was trying to.

"It's just a school project," I reminded him, "there's nothing remotely romantic or sexual about this."

"Dude don't ruin this for me."

"Oh yes I'm sorry I didn't immediately think about how my life affects you."

"Apology accepted."

I was able to get a few bites in before he started in again.

"Take pictures of everything."

"What?"

"When she's not looking take pics with your phone. Shots of her underwear drawer would be preferred."

"OK first of all we'll probably be working out of her living room not her bedroom and second: no!"

That afternoon I nervously knocked on her front door. She opened smiling.

"There you are."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. Without letting go she led to the couch and set me down. It was only when she joined me did she let go.

"OK so what should our project be?" I asked.

"Well I was thinking of something to do with robots," she ventured.

Oh there was a surprise.

"Really?"

"I know, I know ask the robot boy and suggest robots, not very original. But I see how passionate you are about it. That's why I suggested it. The more passionate you are the harder you'll try."

"Well I can't really argue with that."

"I thought not."

"Anything more specific than just robots?"

"Afraid that's as far as I got. The only thing that's coming to mind is Rosie from The Jetsons."

"We may be able to work with that."

"Dude how was it?" Reggie asked.

I was getting ready for bed when he Skyped.

"We worked on a class project what do you think it was like?"

"Did you get those pics I asked for?"

"Dude you are such a pervert."

"Is that a yes?"

"No, we stayed in the living room, like I said we would."

"You could have still snuck in there."

"I'm hanging up now."

"Wait one more thing."

"What?"

"How does she smell up close?"

I hung up.

Chapter Two:

"Note to Self: Never Cross Caty Patton"

I'll be the first to admit I'm not perfect. If a project can't be finished fast I lose interest in it. So that's what happened with our project.

I mean the first two weeks went OK. We plotted it out and got all the materials we needed. Then the school year started in earnest. Clubs, dances, dates (not that I had many of those), holidays, they all conspired against us. Synching our schedules became a nightmare. So I stopped trying. Unfortunately I also stopped working on our project all together.

Before I knew it we had only a long weekend to get it finished. Caty had been calling me for days. I let them go to voice mail, they were getting pretty angry. We still had plenty of time. So I sat down in the living room and turned on the TV.

There was a knock on the door. Oh great it was her, it had to be. Taking a deep breath I walked over and opened the door. Caty stood there with a cover for a plastic lawn chair. You know the kind that looks like a cylinder with a whole at the bottom so it can slip over the folded chair.

"Caty I ..."

I never got to finish that thought. She shoved the chair cover over my head. It went down to my hips covering my arms.

"Hey!"

I felt her wrap something tight around it until I couldn't get loose. She then grabbed the handle and pulled me after her.

"Caty what are you ...?"

I was thrown into what felt like a car. I heard a slam above me. She'd locked me in the trunk!

By the time I was able to see again I was in a bedroom. It was a very feminine bedroom. Holy crap it was her room. I was in Caty Patton's bedroom! She shoved me into a desk chair. Before I could say anything she wrapped what appeared to be medical tape round my waist and legs pinning me to the chair.

"Hey! What gives?"

She shoved up to a desk. On it were all the parts and plans for the project.

"You have till Monday morning to get it finished."

It took most the weekend to finish it too. Friday evening Caty had me call home and tell my folks I was staying at a friend's house for a few days. After that all I was allowed to focus on was work. She would feed me a few times a day and escort me to the bathroom but then it was right back to that chair.

"Finished," I declared Sunday around noon.

"Good," she said looking over my work.

"Alright are you going to let me go now?"

"No."

"No?"

"We have some things to do first."

She untied me and drug me into the bathroom. Shoving me onto the toilet she began yanking off all my clothes until I was totally naked. I covered myself as she started a shower.

"Get in you stink."

After washing off I got out but found no clothes so I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked back into her bedroom.

"Where are my clothes?"

"Washing."

"What do I do until there done?"

"Wait in here like a good boy."

She was sitting on her bed and patted next to her indicating I should join her. Nervously I did just that.

"So what do you do when you're not building robots or wasting people's time?" she teased.

So we spent the rest of the day just talking. At some point her hand started rubbing my toweled leg. I thought things were going farther but she stopped and gave me my clothes back. I was free to go.

The next day in class we revealed what we had made.

"They're ro-buttlers," I explained.

All around our booth were small radio controlled boxes on treads. One robot drove over to a small potted plant. A short plastic tube extended from it. Suddenly a small gust of water shot out soaking the soil around the plant's roots.

"It can be used to deliver water anywhere. Say to an injured hiker to keep them alive until rescue arrives."

The judges clapped. Needless to say we took the ribbon and an A. After we were done Caty joined me out front.

"You did good Crayton."

"Are you here to apologize for strapping me to that chair?"

"Hell no you deserved it. Besides keeping you in my room like that was kinda fun. I'm just sorry I couldn't keep you any longer."

"I have no idea how to respond to that."

"Just keep up the work, I'll be keeping an eye on you."

With that she kissed me on the cheek and walked off. 

Chapter Three

"Time Marches On"

That was the last I spent any real time with Caty for the rest of high school. We graduated and went off to college. That meant our separate ways. She went off to a state university majoring in economics. I went to UC Berkley to continue my love affair with robotics. After graduation Caty became a sales rep for a major cosmetics corporation. I on the other hand was hired by one of the top research centers in the country.

I continued to tinker around with the designs for that old science fair project. There was potential there I just had to realize it. So after about a year of research it was ready.

"And now the president of BioSource, Dr. Patrick Sullivan," the head of marketing told the assembled press and guests at our big launch party.

Everyone clapped as a tall thin man with thick round glasses and grey hair came up onto the stage. That would be my boss.

"Thank you, thank you," he said playing to the crowd, "that's quite enough. I haven't even shown you the thing yet."

Everyone laughed.

"Bigger is better. Who here's heard that before? Well I'm here to tell you it isn't true. The future is small. Introducing Micro-bots. Tiny robots that can fit just about anywhere. Now I know this really doesn't count as new but what we're doing with them does.

"The BioSource Micro-Bots System is a network of wireless connected microscopic robots what are placed within the human body. I know they look like Legos but they can do so much more. They send out an electrical charge that is harmless to the host body. It can trigger the division of cells causing them to multiply. This in turn causes the target area to grow.

"To demonstrate let's bring out the inventor of this little machines. Please welcome Dr. Rudy Crayton."

There was polite applause as I took the stage.

"Good evening. The images on the screen behind me are a live feed of the inside of my own body. Those are my own Micro-Bots. Right now they are in my legs. I'm going to use them to put a few inches on my height."

I hit a button on the remote I was holding. The robots on the screen lit up and started to shake. My legs tingled like I was in a massage chair. Suddenly I shot up five inches. On the screen my cells multiplied. There were oohs and ahs.

"You know what I think I liked it better the other way."

I hit another button. The robots lit up and my legs tingled. The cells on the screen started to merge and reform into the size they were before. The inches I gained were suddenly gone as I shrunk back down. There was a wild applause. Dr. Sullivan took back over at that point.

"This technology will be a benefit to all medicine. We can now shrink away cancer cells. We can regrow lost limbs. The benefits are limitless. And of course it'll do wonders for the plastic surgery industry as well."

Everyone laughed again.

After the show we mingled with the crowds. Well Dr. Sullivan mingled. He was the face of the company, the star. I just kinda wandered around and looked.

"You were great up there," a woman told me.

"Thanks, I just ... Caty?"

There was no mistaking it. This beautiful creature was a taller, bolder and all grown up version of the Caty Patton I knew from high school.

"Oh good you remember me."

"It's kinda hard to forget the girl who kidnaps you for three days."

"Still the best three days of my life."

"What are you doing here?"

"I heard about your machines on the news and realized they were our science fair project. So I had to come see for myself."

"Well they did start out that way but I tweaked it a little."

"I can see that. They can make any part of the body grow? Even say breasts?"

"Well yeah if you want to waste a major medical breakthrough on a boob job, sure."

"And that's why you're still single."

"How'd you know that?"

"I follow you on social media."

"You do?"

"Yeah, gotta keep an eye on my favorite hostage. You know in case I want to try and recapture the magic."

I knew she was joking but the thought of being tied up in her room again made me hard. We talked for about half the night but then she had to leave. She had work the next day. We said our goodbyes and went our separate ways again.

Later that night I had just finished ... entertaining myself to the thought of those three days when the doorbell rang.

"Just a minute!"

I quickly got dressed and ran to answer it.

"Hey Caty, what can I do for you?"

She didn't answer. Instead she just smiled at me like the cat looking at a canary.

"What's up?"

It was then I noticed the chair sleeve in her hands.

"Oh no was all I could get out before it was over my head.

Chapter Four

"She Bound Me ... with Science!"

Well this felt familiar, I thought as the bag was pulled from my head and I saw I was in a woman's bedroom. Without a word she shoved me into a rolling office chair. She pulled off my socks and shoes throwing them into the closet. She then took her medwrap and strapped my legs to the seat. Reaching into my pockets she pulled out my phone and took the battery out. Then she pulled my shirt off and throw it into the closet as well. Next the wrappings pinned my body to the chair as well.

"Why are we doing this again?" I asked her.

"I want you to give me Micro-bots."

"You can get them with everyone else in three months."

"I need them now."

"Why?"

"I need breasts."

"What?"

"You're a guy, you wouldn't understand."

"Try me."

"All my life I've seen the women on the magazine covers or on the billboards or on the television. They all look alike. They all have long legs, thin waists, full hips and nice firm breasts. They don't look like me."

"There's nothing wrong with the way you look."

"Of course you'd say that you've always had the hots for me."

"That aside you have most those things already."

"From years of watching my weight, exercising, and you don't want to know what else. I can't afford plastic surgery plus this way I don't get scars and they don't look fake."

"You still haven't said why you need them now?"

"Because I'm trying to land a whale who likes big breasts but if I don't get him before the end of the month I'm fired."

"That's not fair."

"I'm the lowest ranking sales associate in the company. I need this, besides if I don't like it when it's done I can just reverse it."

"How does kidnapping me help you get it?"

"Simple you're gonna walk in and take it and not even remember doing it."

"How's that?"

"Cosmetic companies are always looking into plants and what they can do. You know looking for the next big thing. Well in one of our corporate research files I perused one day I saw this flower which produces a powder that can do just that. It took me a while to get one."

She walked over to a small white plant on a nearby table. She brought it right up to my face.

"All I have to do is ... blow."

She let out a puff like she was blowing me a kiss. A fine white powder blew off into the air.

I awoke with a splitting headache. I'd never had a hangover this bad before. I felt a sudden chill. Oh good I slept naked? How drunk was I last night? It was then I realized I wasn't in my room. This was a woman's room!

"What the hell?"

"Oh good you're up."

Spinning around I found a naked woman in bed with me.

"Caty?"

"Hey baby. Some night last night huh?"

***

Three months passed since the night of the launch party. Caty had made good use of her new breasts. She had gone with a moderate C-Cup, big but not overbearing. During this time the Micro-Bots had been released. Pretty much everyone had them in their system paired with a personal remote. Caty was never without hers.

Truth be told she would fidget with it whenever she was nervous or upset. Today she was upset. Adrienne Strakovski had a way of doing that to her. The tall lean blonde had an enormous rack which she used to bed any man she wanted. Right now she was using it to flaunt her conquest of the man Caty had her eye on.

"Oh hey Caty didn't see you there."

Yeah, she knew it. They were in a bar and the two of them were going at it one stool over. Growling Caty pulled out her remote and started fiddling with it. She felt the familiar tingle as her breasts began to rise and fall.

"What the hell?" Adrienne yelled jumping up.

"What's up?" the man asked.

"My breasts are tingling. Something must be up with those stupid robots."

Suddenly Adrienne's breasts started shrinking and growing at random.

"WHAT ... THE ... HELL!!?"

No, it wasn't random, it was the same as hers. Now that gave her an idea.

***

There was a knock on my door.

"Coming!"

I had a long day at work and was not in the mood for company. The internal investigation into the theft of the prototype Micro-bots and remote was still going on. For some reason they were saying I was there that night but I couldn't remember it at all. Opening the door I was surprised to find Caty there.

"Hey Caty, what's up."

Without saying a word she walked up very close to me.

"OK?"

She held up a Micro-bot remote. It was the stolen remote. How did she have that? She pressed a button. Gently grabbing my face she pulled it down to look at her chest. Suddenly it shot up in size with great speed and force right into my face. From what I could gather later the force knocked me out cold leaving me at her mercy.

Chapter Five

An Offer He Can't Refuse

Oh God my head hurt. Where was I? What was going on? Finally, my mind cleared enough for me to get my bearings. I was sitting naked, tied to a computer chair in front of a workstation of some kind. It was in what appeared to be a woman's bedroom. Wait, I'd been in this bedroom before.

"Caty!"

"Hey baby."

Caty Patton strode in wearing nothing but a towel and looking so very sexy. She walked over and straddled my lap as if this were the most common thing in the world.

"What the hell is going on?"

"I need a little help, that's all."

"So you kidnapped me?"

"Hey a girl's gotta have her hobbies."

She laid a remote on her table. Hey that was ...

"You stole the Micro-bots?"

"Well actually baby you did."

"No I didn't."

She held up her phone and played a video. It was me in this very chair. I was shirtless and medwrapped.

"I don't remember this."

"Keep watching."

"How does kidnapping me help you get it?" I asked in the video.

"Simple you're gonna walk in and take it and not even remember doing it," her voice answered.

"How's that?"

"Cosmetic companies are always looking into plants and what they can do. You know looking for the next big thing. Well in one of our corporate research files I perused one day I saw this flower which produces a powder that can do just that. It took me a while to get one."

She walked over to a small white plant on a nearby table. She brought it right up to my face.

"All I have to do is ... blow."

She let out a puff like she was blowing me a kiss. A fine white powder blew off into my face. I watched as my face went blank. She unwrapped me and helped me up. I just stood there.

"Hop on one leg."

I did. Caty giggled like a school girl.

"Be a ballerina."

I watched in horror as I performed a terrible Swan Lake for her perverse amusement.

"Strip, like a bachelorette party if you please."

I started grooving to some unheard boom box and threw off my pants. Dear God, did this really happen? Well here was the proof. I watched as Caty sat the phone down so they were both in frame. She hugged me close and kissed me on the mouth.

"When we get back I can use this for a little fun. Come on, let's get you dressed."

The video ended.

"So you see," she told me, "that's what happened?"

"Why?" I asked.

"I've gone over this with you once already so I'll do the cliffnotes. I needed the Micro-bots to shape my body and help me land a whale at work. Well it worked, but I discovered something about our little robots."

"What?"

"The prototypes I had you steal link with any of the newer micro-bots nearby."
