 Jack relaxed and turned over onto his side while laid out on a hardwood floor. He was clearly home again since his floor normally acted as his bed in his unfurnished apartment. He felt the smooth hard surface and then remembered his apartment was carpeted. He heard a metallic click. His eyes flew open. He looked up and muttered, "Shit." 

A bright ceiling light back lit a silhouette of a slender female body standing over him. Texas Amy's long legs stretched her tight skirt taunt with a tall high heeled stance as she pointed a deadly handgun down at him. 

"You're cont-troller," she said, "had warned me with a text on my way to that there office complex say'in that someone might have or flat out alreadys did done dang brainworshed ya, Jack. Those Canadian bastards." She squinted at him as if she could see into his soul. "It appears they did. My poor James Bond Jack." She leaned forward and smacked him. "Snap out of it Jack! It's me Amy. You're true and only friend in the world. You can trust me Jack." She smacked him again. "Trust me now Jack. Are ya in thar Jack?" SMACK. SMACK. 

"What are you doing?" he pleaded, staying on the floor covering his face. If she had not sat down on him straddling his hips, he would have raised his knees into a fetal position. Her deep cleavage came closer in view as she got her free hand ready for another hit. The other hand still pointed the gun. 

"Your cont-troller told me everything, Jack," she said. "Every excuse or dee-lay in a hook'in that there box back-up is your self-sabotag'in brainwash'in. I didn't know that Canuckers controlled so much of the world. I didn't know about the whole Candadier conspiracy. My God, how can we 'Mericans be free Jack?" She looked up in introspection, her thighs squeezing his rib cage harder than ever. "We're 'Mericans we are." She looked down. SMACK.  

"There are other countries in North and South America you know." He winced at another possible slap. His anger made him feel some true defiance. It wasn't clear to him what to do with it though. Normally he would just go with the flow, let others decide. Given his current status in life, he regretted that and now had a need to be his own advocate. "North and South America are continents you know. Their populations are all technically Americans too." 

Texas Amy looked away for a second. Her eyes returned as she looked back down at him with disgust and then love and then anger and then confusion and then pity and then distrust. She smacked him again. "That's Canada a talk'in ag'gin Jack. I'll smack it out of ya all night if I haves t'ah. I'll smack ya through the wee hours of the morn'in. I love you that much, Jack." SMACK. SMACK. "Yes I do, Jack." SMACK. "Jack?" SMACK. "Put down ya hands, Jack." SMACK. "Takes it like a man Jack. I gotta slaps ya Jack." Her hand struggled to find a clear smackable target as his arms and elbows blocked any openings from the left and then the right. Her shoulders leaned side to side matching his moves. SMA-SMA-SMA-SMACK. "Can't hides Jack. I gets ya Jack. In m'ur ways than one, I gets ya Jack. Huh Jack?" SMACK. "It's for your own good. I lu'uvs you so much. Are ya 'Merican yet Jack?" SMACK. SMACK. 

Jack struggled some more and then blurted out, "But you'll stop if I hook up the box? Right?!"

"Of course. Absolutes." She kissed him with a quick peck. "And I'll fuck ya brains out because that would certainly mean my big handsome hunk of a manly spy man's man would have beaten that there Canadian brainworsh'in. Oh god, cans you do it Jack? Huh, Jack? Huh?" Her hand raised poised to strike again. "Jack?"

His anger built, he lowered his hands. "Why do you keep saying my name so many damn times?"

Texas Amy put down her raised hand for a moment. "I can't help myself Jack. Your e-mails made me start do'in that. Your name just gets me in the mood. I'd see your e-mail, mm that name, your name, listed in the inbox and I get wet – so wet." She paused. She fondly recalled the multitude of times. She smiled. Her lips then tensed trying so hard to hold something back. It became too hard. She said his name again finding relief. Her hand raised. SMACK. "Break free from those Cannucks." Another pause to hold it back, but she couldn't: "Jack." A deep breath followed. "Strange huh?" Pause. Pain. "Jack." Relief. SMACK. 

He looked across the room at the chassis sitting by the table. He crawled out from under her straddling legs. And then struggled to crawl across the floor towards the box. It looked like he was fighting something deep in his psyche, but his visible struggle was really tension from a fear of being slapped again. He plugged in the power and a single Cat-5 cable. There was only one switch. He flipped it. The machine turned on. At the office complex, the first Amy hooked up a dozen Cat-5 cables. But now with only one network wire, the upload would probably be much slower. 

"Ye-hah," she screamed with delight. "Ya backs Jack! 

Ignoring Texas Amy's gleeful look and overly zealous celebration, he wondered what the machine would really do. He wasn't certain. Did Eliza really exist? Or had he been a pawn in some kind of plot? The green lights started flashing. The CIA was probably scanning the Internet for a signature access. He would know his fate soon enough when goons in riot gear busted down the front door, or, he shuttered at the thought, sudden blackness from a drone strike of missiles. 

"Come here," said Amy, "you male slut. Let me fucks ya. Fuck ya's hard Jack."

He barely had a chance to sit back against the wall when Amy stood and pulled the skirt of her short tight dress up and over her hips. She bowed at her waist as her thumbs pushed under the waistband of her panties at her hips and pulled the scanty material down her long smooth perfect legs to her high heels. She took a step back with the hobbling panties at her ankles, released the tension, withdrew one foot, smiled, and did a showgirl kick flinging her skimpy thong across the room. It stuck onto a wall's light fixture. She ignored the dangling silk fire hazard and dropped to her knees on top of him, constraining him between her embracing legs. 

She purred. "Let's get ya's clothes off while the antivirus program uploads for the next 18 hours, Jack. Your cont-troller said this house had T1 something, whatever that is, but it would be much slower than the office complex, Jack."  She grabbed the hem of her dress, pointed her elbows to the ceiling and pulled the whole ensemble, including her bra, up and over her head. She sat there naked, flung her long blonde locks, and licked her lips while eying her prize. 

His body screamed for more. His eyes looked up at the blonde's perfect curves. The undersides of her rounded breasts were in his view and moved with her every heavy overly excited breath. He saw her shaved body between her legs. His eyes helplessly darted back up to her face and then back to her tits. A short time ago, his dick had done a gorgeous brunette and now it knew it had a chance for a blonde and all within 24 hours. His member got even harder. His logical mind on the other hand, despite what his cock thought, wanted to run. 

"Someone's happy nows that their mission be complete," said Amy, her hand stroking his erection. "Huh Jack?" She guided his member and moved her hips to get above the tip. "I'm a virgin Jack. I model and I've been too busy to be dating. You'll be my first. Really. Guys never realize that models sometimes never get time for even the simplest relationships Jack. But ya somehow knew everything about me. Yes you did, Jack. I'm twenty-two and I've been want'n a man, Jack. A real man, like you Jack. I still remember how you accidentally got some e-mail address wrong and accidentally contacted me. Then with all your little quips and stories, ya made me laugh. Oh, Jack!" She looked up at the ceiling and lowered her hips, wrapping his erection tightly. 

He watched as her body took him inside. A bit of blood showed when she slowly raised herself to adjust. She really had been a virgin. "You deserve it Jack," she said running her hands through her hair, down her face, and down her breasts posing herself like a Price Is Right model showing off a brand new car. For this episode, she was the prize. "I'm all for you – mmm -- Jack."

Up and down, her naked body started to move. He silently watched. He was never much into moaning but he was starting to feel a primal need. Maybe he lacked the confidence to be loud. He envied people in the movies who screamed during sex. He couldn't fathom doing that. The neighbors would hear. Of course here in Woodside where the houses were plotted into their own little forests of redwood trees, who would hear? He grunted. The sound was minimal but a huge effort for him. He grunted again fighting a list of worries flooding his mind. He hated himself for not being able to really enjoy this. A blonde model was doing him while his mind blocked the path to ecstasy with distractions. His dick, though, didn't let anything get in the way. It was harder than ever. His hands grabbed her hips as he watched and felt and struggled to stay in the moment.

She closed her eyes, tilted her head back, left her mouth agape, let her breasts freely bounce as she moved faster, and then she began to moan louder and louder. 

Somehow he got even harder, which seemed impossible. It was like it might burst. He was exhausted and worried, but his body ordered him to keep going. His mind wondered what else had Eliza planned? Who else might kick down the door in this strange house? Who else did Eliza brainwash? 

"Yes Jack!" screamed Texas Amy accelerating her gyrations. It wouldn't have surprised him if she raised a hand in the air like she was riding a bucking bronco at a rodeo. The energy of her body had showed an intensity for sex that for him even his wildest fantasies lacked. Her hands pressed down on his chest. She whispered breathlessly, "My thighs are getting tired. I'll use my arms, but I'll do this all night until ya comes Jack. It's all for you Jack. You. I'm all for you Jack. I'm yours Jack. Do with me what you want Jack. I'd die for ya's Jack. I'd humiliate myself for ya's Jack. Oh god, Jack. Come inside me Jack. I want your babies insides me Jack." 

Jack closed his eyes feeling his leg and abdominal muscles tighten. He moaned. He never had been a noisy lover. 

"Scream Jack. Let it go Jack. Mmmmm, Jack," said the blonde. "I feel it Jack. I feel you filling me Jack. I want that hot liquid Jack. Oh yes, Jack." 

If he ever heard his name again, it would be too soon. He shivered. He moaned so loudly – at least for him.  Then he realized, as he climaxed, that he had been barely audible. What did it matter? He was nailing a stunning blonde. 

She continued to go up and down even faster as if that would squeeze more out of him. He wished women knew when to stop. The fact that it distracted from the moment seemed obvious to him. 

"Oh Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack!" His dick actually started to get hard again. Could he actually do her a second time so fast? She called his name more times. Maybe he could do her again. 

She took a deep breath and fell forward over his chest. He was still inside her, as her bare breasts pressed against him. Her gentle hands affectionately stroked his face. "You make me feel so safe Jack. I'm yours Jack." 





*****





Jack woke on the floor again. The morning sun flooded the modern style house that was as empty of furniture as his apartment. The only things in the safe house were some folding chairs and a portable table located by Eliza's machine. Hopefully Eliza didn't think such sparse furnishings were how humans lived their lives. But then how would she know what he had? She never had camera access, so she never could see him or his place. Then he thought about credit card purchases. He realized that Eliza surely knew everything about him. 

The doorbell rang. 

"I'll gets it Jack," said Texan Amy pulling her red dress on. She was braless and her perky tits pushed out the slinky material in two points building off the smooth curves of her breasts. She looked down at her rounded flesh with the extra protrusions and pressed her index fingers down against the perkiness. She tried a few times and gave up. "You make me happy Jack." She stood. 

Another chime echoed in the house. 

"Don't answer it," said Jack. 

"Your cont-troller said to expect more staff Jack. Er, get your pants back on Jack. You're a naked Jack." She stood on one foot for a second while awkwardly donning a second shoe. She stopped that foot down. Her high heels rapidly clicked and clacked across the hardwood floors. A second later the massive front door opened. There was silence. 

A screamed of "He be mine!" echoed through out the house. Then all chaos broken out. 

Texas Amy pulled a redhead woman inside. Their bodies slammed against a wall as they violently hugged hitting each other and tugging hair. The redheaded opponent wore a blue dress cut just like the dresses worn by Brunette and Texas Amys. With Amy's red dress and the redhead's blue dress, the opposing colors flashed like a police car light as they grappled, spun, fell to the floor, and rolled across the empty living room space. There were several high pitched screams: "Huh!" "No!" "Mine!" "Bitch!" "Let go!" "Ah!"

Jack tried to not focus on the dry mud-less wrestling now entering the empty dinning room. As the girls grabbed and clawed at each other, one screamed notably louder when her hair was tugged. Jack calmly ignored it all as he wondered how many other combinations of women's hair colors were there? Did dirty blonde and light brown count as one or two colors? How many more Amys could exist out there?  The two women rolled back into the living room passing his feet. 

"Jack's mine!" said Texan Amy getting a top position, losing it, and then regaining it again. 

The redhead glanced to her side while pinned under the blonde. "Jack! There you are. I'm Amy!"

"I know," mumbled Jack while sitting on the floor pulling up his pants. "I know."

Texas Amy stopped, looked at Jack, looked at the redhead, looked at Jack, and repeated the glances a few more times. She smiled while holding the redhead down by the hair. "I likes ya Jack. You're a man whore just like spies should be, Jack. Do ya want to do us both Jack? Morning wood and all that, Jack?"

Both women looked at him and nodded their approval to the idea of a threesome. 

"Oh yes Jack," added Redhead Amy. "Tell your slut for hire here that I'll do her while you watch -- if that will turn you on. Will it?" With a deep breathy voice that could have powered a California windmill farm, she gasped, "Jack?" 

SLAP. The redhead took a Texas palm to the face. "I'm not a slut for hires," protested Texas Amy. "I'm a free slut. I'm cheap that way. I mean – urr -- he loves me." 

"Me too!" exclaimed the redhead. 

They both looked at him and then each other.  They began to French kiss, willing to tongue the other but not liking getting tongue in return. They pulled each other closer but started moaning in protest at the same time. 

Jack got up, left the show behind, and looked at the computer chassis. The lights still madly flashed. Eliza's uploading continued somewhere out on the ether. There had been no invasion of riot geared goons. No drone strikes. No arrests. He went to the kitchen for coffee. Hopefully some food had been stocked up by the wacko Texan blonde. He opened the refrigerator. 

"Jack," said a voice behind him. The surprise launched his head into the underside of the freezer door. 

It was Brunette Amy. 

"Amy? But how?"

"I understand now," said the woman, "I'm so sorry." Her heels clicked over to him. "Eliza told me about how the Canadians..."

"Look," he interrupted. 

"Say your name. Please. That's all I thought about on my drive over here. Over this last year it became so hypnotic to see an e-mail from you and there it was -- your name. Say it. Let me hear you say it."

The other two women joined them in the kitchen. The three stood there together: brunette, red, blonde and – wait -- Jack then realized that women also came in different nationalities too. Not just hair colors. There really could be more Amys.

"I'm a think'in," said Texan Amy, "that Jack here is still a bit brainwhirshed. He hasn't fucked any of us all morn'in." 

"Is that true Jack?" asked Brunette Amy almost in tears. "You've been waiting for me? Right? But then again you really should have fucked them too. Really. You should have." She shook her head in a scolding yes nod stopping short of wagging her finger at him. 

"Ok," said the Redhead Amy, "I'll go along. Yeah. Fuck all of us. Why not?" She then formed a naughty smile. "But I get first dibs." 

Texas Amy pushed the redhead aside and pulled out her gun from a kitchen drawer. 

Brunette Amy pulled out her mace from her purse.

Redhead Amy felt left out. She grabbed a plastic spork from the counter top near some discarded take-out boxes from the previous night. 

The women aimed their weapons at each other. Then they turned towards Jack. 

"It's for his own good," said Texas Amy. "We has to tie up Jack." 

"Then we shall fuck him?" asked Brunette Amy. 

"Yeah," said Redhead Amy, desperate to join in. She added a little shake to the spork she held. 

"Jack?" they all said in unison. 





Minutes later, they had wrestled Jack to the floor.

"Come on girls," pleaded Jack. "Please! Get off!" 

The redhead and brunette Amys sat on him as Texas Amy looked for rope. 

Sounds of a large vehicle pulled up in front of the house. The girls released Jack and ran to the open front door in a herd of high heeled clicks. 

The total abandonment gave a clear chance for him to run. But it was all so unreal. All his life, he let events pass by like television. RPing was the only time he controlled things, but here in real life he still felt the urge to just sit by passively. He hated himself for that. 

Two of the women peered out through the living room curtains. 

"There are too many redwood trees," said Redhead Amy.

"I can't see anything," said Brunette Amy. "Too many of our cars are parked out front." 

Texas Amy ran to the front door and opened it. 

Jack rolled his eyes. He knew what was about to happen. 

"Jack!" screamed another woman's voice. "It's me Amy!" The voice sounded nasal and so Jersey. She chewed gum. 

Jersey Amy peered around the corner in a yellow dress cut just like the others. Her teased hairstyle defied gravity except for her large wavy curls of black hair that rolled down her shoulders. She gave a suspicious look at the line up of similarly dressed women. If she were closer to the one table in the house, she would have flipped it. Keeping a seething anger under control she crossed. "Uh huh." She leaned in and saw Jack disheveled on the floor trying to sit up. She spat her gum out into the front yard almost to the tree line. "I know you're Jack." She trotted pass the women and pulled a set of brass knuckles from her purse. "You almost conned me but my mother didn't raise no stupid girl." She kicked Jack.

The other women were a little confused. 

"It's me Jack," said the Jersey girl. "I'm Amy475."

Jack rolled his eyes as he sat up. "Four-hundred what? How many are there of you?" 

"It's a random number you jerk," said Jersey Amy kicking even harder. "There's a lot of Amy's in the world you lying bastard."

"God. I know that," said Jack coughing. 

"Who's this woman Jack?" said Texas Amy holding some rope. 

Jack wondered where the gun had gone. He watched as he heard another Amy -- did it really matter which? -- say, "She claims she's Amy." 

"I'm here to rescue this jerk, so I can kill him. He was conning me. He conned all of you. Don't you see? Think! Do you really believe he's a spy?"
