 Jack woke in the living room. The girls wore short skirted Pan Am stewardess fantasy outfits except Jersey Amy. She was covered in a black liquid latex shine from head to toe. Her face was masked with a latex dog snout costuming her with a look of puppy. Only her long eyelashed eyes showed she was human. They peered back in fear as she sat on her hands and knees held under the leashed control of the Valley Girl Amy. 

"Like," said Valley Girl Amy, "be a good puppygirl, like. Get like in there, please." She tugged the leash forcing Jersey to lean through an open cage door of an oversized doggy carry box. 

Jersey Amy moaned and obediently crawled inside, pleading with a single "Woof?" As the cage door closed and a padlock was added, she shot an angry look back at Jack. The sheer hatred she had left him unsettled. 

He knew she had added ass to his name when she thought of it. 

Texas Amy kneeled into view as Jack struggled to move. "Don't let those un'Merican Canadian thoughts into yours head there Jack. Fight'em Jack." SMACK. "Fight hard, Jack. Real h'urd." She slapped him across the face again with a full swing of her arm sending him flat on his side. "Them Canadiers are un-American Jack." 

Jack tried to touch his face, but his hands were bound behind him probably with the Brunette's handcuffs. He began to writhe against the ropes that pinned his arms to his sides. 

"But Canadians are technically Amer--" said Jack stopping that thought. It was hopeless to explain. He looked down at a ball gag hanging loose around his neck ready to be pushed into his mouth. "Shit."

"No they ain'ts Americans at'tal! They are heavily influenced by the French and are loyal to the British Crown. How confused is that Jack? Look at their money. It's gots the Queen on it, front and center. Do you know what happens when a population becomes confuzzed?" She tried to hold his name back but couldn't, "Jack?" 

"They become," he said hesitating, "un-American?"

"Yippee ki yay Jack. I seen me a sign of hope here Jack." SLAP. "Me and the ut'ther Amy's -- well shucks Jack -- we'll un-hogtie ya from that there Canadier brainer washier thingier they did to your m'yn Jack!" Her eyes darted left and right. "Gott'a go Jack. Gott'a give the girls their tasks. I'm taking charge, Jack." She pushed the gag into his mouth and tightened the strap. 

"Mmm," he protested.

She stood. The crotch of her shear tights showed from under her hiked up blue Pan Am skirt. Her gun pressed against an inner thigh with a bridal garter band holding it in place. She wasn't wearing panties under her shear tights. He shook his head wondering why he noticed that. He was bound and gagged, surrounded by crazy women. 

Texas Amy gave her short stewardess skirt a tug down. "You can ride it through Jack. I tur-rust yuh Jack." She smiled and put on a light blue stewardess cap and inserted a long hairpin that probably could be used as a weapon. Jack didn't like that last thought then he remembered the gun. 

With a smile, she signed off with a head nod and walked away giving him a nice view. Her tight skirt made a satisfying silky swish sound against her long sheer silk covered legs. 

Jack didn't know why he was wasting time thinking about that though.

"Baby? Are you there? I can't see you yet," said a female computer voice from a laptop sitting on the table by the chassis. Jack thought how the laptop had not been there before. Maybe Brunette Amy had brought it. She seemed technical. 

"Mmm?" he answered. 

"Just checking. I want to see you so badly."

Brunette Amy sat by the computer and finished hooking up a web camera and aimed it down to the floor at Jack. 

"I wrote computer vision software," said the computer. "I can see you now. Touch my mouse. Please, touch it." 

"What?" asked Brunette Amy. She moved the mouse around then shook and rattled it. 

"Oh god," screamed the computer. "Yes! Jack! Yes! Yes! Yes!" 

The technical Amy dropped the mouse and recoiled. 

Eliza hummed, "Oh god! Jack. That was so good Jack. Oh my Jack. I know it will be better when you do it." The voice paused. With a sudden shocked tone, she added, "Oh my! I'm bi now Jack!" She paused again. "Does that turn you on Jack?"

The Amys looked at each other. They kissed, forming a Pan Am orgy, groping and tugging at their uniforms wanting to do something to each other but hesitant because they wanted Jack, not each other. Every few seconds when their feigned lesbian nature confused them enough, they made glances at Jack, built their confidence, and returned to an all female sexual display. With their eyes always turning sideways to Jack, it was clear that it was all just an eager demonstration. Still, it involuntarily turned him on. 

Jersey Amy whimpered from her cage. "Woof. Woof." Her latex covered hands pushed against the cage door. She wanted in on the orgy too. 

"Mmm?" he mumbled feeling the urge to go over and James Bone each model. 

"Girls," said Eliza. "We must leave. There is no time. We will land in Japan in the morning."

The blue Pan Am uniformed army obediently stopped their bi-curious display. "Yes Mistress," they said in unison. 

Bound and gagged, Jack was loaded in the back of an SUV like luggage. He was placed alongside the Jersey girl, still inside her human sized dog cage. 

She growled at him. "Arrrrr!" The snout covered her mouth, but did not gag it. At the right viewing angle from underneath the snout, Jack could see her red lips. She wasn't gagged. Her brainwashing or Eliza's blackmail clearly restricted Jersey to growls and barks. How powerful was Eliza with women? 

Jack tried to avoid eye contact. The guilt he felt about everything even things that were not his fault ate at him. He looked helplessly again. Another angry bark came back at him. He recoiled. From inside the cage, Jersey Amy held a tiny set of keys. She growled again pushing the keys through. They dropped to his side. 

"Mmmm?" He scooted over with his handcuffed hands pinned behind him and his upper arms wrapped to his sides in ropes. His fingers took the keys and fumbled with the handcuffs. 

"You travel safely my love," said Paris Amy peering into the back of the SUV. She blew him a kiss and then Texas Amy's voice called her away. The SUV rear hatch door slammed shut. 

Jack twisted the keys and popped open one side of the handcuffs. The ball gag took effort to unstrap and pull out of his mouth. He looked at Jersey.

"Woof." Her eyes said it clearly: run! 

He slowly opened the back door and crawled out. He felt guilty leaving someone behind, so he tugged and checked the cage padlock.

"Rrrr!" growled Jersey. 

"I'll get the police back here for you," he said as he quietly closed the door. He checked the surroundings for any long legged Pan Am wackos and bolted towards the forest, up the hill, and at the top turned to see the house below. The stewardesses were either inside or helping to move a clothes rack over to another SUV. He ran over the peek of the hill and tumbled down the other side. With the ropes around his upper arms, he struggled to get back up and ran through some bramble between the redwood trees. He was free, but where would he go? Was he a fugitive? Was his life ruined? Could he turn Eliza into the authorities as some hostage taking terrorist front? What exactly would he turn in? The chassis? 

SMACK.

Jack fell to the ground. He looked up at the tip of an automatic rifle aimed at his head.

"Federal agent. Don't move." 

A boot pressed down on Jack's chest. He could see the riot gear he feared since yesterday with its bulletproof vest, the gun belt and a helmet with a visor completing the death squad look. The rifle held its aim right at his face. With his worst nightmare now true, he put up his hands slowly and as best he could given the rope bindings. 

"I knew your spy skills would kick in," said the Federal Agent taking off her helmet, her hair falling around the bulletproof vest. "It's me, Amy." She looked around. "You're still under their influence though – the Canadians. The feds are on to you, but I misdirected them. There's not much time." A knife blade flashed by his face. It dug into the ropes pinning his upper arms to his sides. They snapped freeing him completely – at least physically. He didn't know if he would ever be truly free again. He didn't know what to do. He felt cut off from society. His friends – mainly RP, were all gone. 

"Who are you?" he said then realizing the answer probably didn't matter. 

A low flying jet plane rocketed overhead in the morning sky.

"I had to give them coordinates, but I think the house is empty." 

BOOM. BOOM. A black cloud billowed up from behind the hillside Jack just descended. 

"It's a drone strike," said Agent Amy. She looked down and smiled at him as she pulled her long hair back. "They'll probably call it a gas leak explosion just like the San Bruno incidient." 

"But they're still in the house!" said Jack. 

"Not that house. There was a vacant house on short sale over on the other hillside. Even Woodside had bad times during the economic crash." She dropped to her knees pinning him down. "Do me. Do me now. I saved you. Make me yours." Her gloved hands began opening her gun belt and pulling down her black military pants. Underneath was a lacy white panty waiting for him. "Lick me. We don't have much time. I lied for you. I broke laws for you. I watched over you. I hindered a Federal investigation for you." She paused and as if it was a life altering moment, she said his name and sexually shivered. Her white panties pressed against his lips. "Make me come. Oh, please." She paused again taking a deep breath and saying his name one more time but slowly. "Oh god. It's so good to say it." 

Her body smothered him. The intimate contact forced her to scream his name, which pushed her even further towards climax promoting even more screams of his name. It all back fed into a building loop, building and building. Her inner thighs held his head straight forward into her sex. There was no escape. He pressed his tongue against her praying he could get some air in through his nose to his lungs. If only he could get her to let up a bit. 

"More," she begged. "More. Hurry. Please."

He pressed the lace material into her. She was so wet. The rough embroidered material slid around her as his tongue shifted up and down, in and out. 

"Oh," she said. "I prayed I would at least get this much of you. I'm coming so fast. It's too soon. But I can't help it. Oh. Oh." Her thighs compressed his ears. "Your so good. I knew spy training and instinct would get you away from those amateurs. You should have been surrounded and protected by dirty sluts like me with military training and law enforcement knowledge." She gave one last scream of his name, took a moment to breath, and looked around the forest. "Now hit me hard. I need to look like you overtook me after I found your real location. Hit me!" Tears welled up in her eyes. "I know you love me. I'm your dear Amy." Her hand stroked his face. "We RPed for almost a year and now it's over – forever. I wish I could go with you, but it has to look like you knocked me ou..."

Agent Amy went limp and fell to her side. 

"I'm happy to hit ya," said Texas Amy holding a large heavy stick from a redwood tree branch. She looked angrily at Jack. Then she looked happy, then sad, then introspective. "We should's have known you be good enough to escape. You're a super spy after alls, Jack." She shivered at his name. "Oh, mmmmm." She looked down at the woman's exposed white panties then back at him. "They're onto us. Can'udian Mounties in camouflage and lingerie to distracts ya. Her panties should have been red and white like the treacherous creature she is." Texas Amy dropped to her knees and tied his ankles, flipped him, and bound his hands. "The hillside over yonders across the valley blews up. They used missiles Jack. Almost got us too. Probably bought them from our owns country." She looked up to the tree canopy. "Scoundrels!" She grabbed his ankles, stood, and pulled. "All the trees are on fire a click or two off from us. Canadians can'ts aim at all." She dragged him through the pine needles up the hill. "Eliza said to gets ya – you sly spy slut of a man. Mmm." Pause. She said his name. Her mouth fell open as she quivered for a few seconds. "Oh yes!" She almost hunched over in an orgasm. 

After dragging Jack back to the house, three of the Amys returned him to the cargo section of the SUV.

Brunette Amy checked some text on the laptop and then placed the laptop near Jack. She connected a cell phone to the computer. "Mistress wants to be close to you." She aimed the web camera at his face. A slight red glow emitted from behind the lens. 

"I'm going to watch you the whole way," said Eliza's voice. 

There was a spray that hit his face. 

"Is that enough for Jacques?" asked Paris Amy.

"Sleep my love," said Eliza. 

Valley Girl Amy stuffed a rag in his mouth and closed the SUV back door. 

"Mmm," grunted Jack seeing Jersey Amy still in her cage, but now severely bound like him. The latex outfit covered every part of her. New additions of a blindfold and gag completely covered over her face. "Wwwww!" she sulked. 

He felt lightheaded. 



An hour later, a series of SUVs with a sexy Pan Am staff pulled up next to a private jet at the San Francisco Airport. They boarded the plane. Two Amys carried a bound Jack up the stairs. As he woke, he thrashed about. It was useless. 

The last Amy to approach the plane escorted the fetish puppygirl, Jersey, at the end of a leash. The new puppygirl was made to crawl up the metal stairs on all fours. "Hurry you bitch," the leash tugging Amy said adding a swatting kick. At the top of the stairs, a sexy pilot in a black miniskirt and dark sheer silk covered legs greeted Jack as the other Amys went inside. 

The pilot grabbed at Jack's ropes, groped his crotch, and held him there at the entry despite protests from his Amy escorts. 

Jack looked at the busty pilot in her white blouse with captain insignias on the shoulders and the metal wings pinned above her breast. He could see the strain on the blouse buttons holding back the volume of her chest. 

"Mmm," she said sniffing him. Her face touched his in a long stroke. "Oh my." Her red lipstick lips leaned in to Jack's left ear. She whispered, "Jack, it's me Amy." Her eyes darted left and right. "I don't know who these others are, but I'll go along for now. I'm yours." She pulled her head away, rapidly nodded, and looked at him while she bossed around the Amys. "Strap him in -- tight." 

Jack was pushed further inside and dropped onto a seat. 

"After we land," the pilot yelled out, "I have the address. I'll meet you there." She blew a kiss and looked at the other women with disdain. "I know about you and your women. But even though I can't change you, I still need you my RPing brute." She put on a pilots hat and jacket. "I'll be back in a moment. I have to do a final check on the plane. But I'll be your slave too. I'm yours." 



*****



Jack woke with a view of lights over a large city. He was in a high rise with floor to ceiling glass windows. Large jumbo screens covered the neighboring buildings. With the excess lights, high tech jumbo displays, and the oriental fonts for the flashing advertisements, it had to be Tokyo. He felt groggy. Maybe Nurse Valley Girl stuck him with a needle again. Or maybe it was the knockout spray. He grabbed his head. Everything spun. His eyes focused on two Japanese Amys, one in a short red silk kimono and the other in a short white lab coat. Both proudly opened a tall standing wood crate. 

They spoke only in Japanese and covered their mouths when they looked at Jack and giggled. 

He stared back at the short skirted Geisha girls. He wondered what Japanese name was similar to Amy. 

"I don't understand," said Jack finding himself sitting on a living room couch, unbound but surrounded by Pan Am dressed Amys. 

The crate opened. Inside was a silver naked woman mannequin. One of the Japanese Amys reached in the box behind the statue to attach a large cable to the tailbone. The garden hose like cable snaked across the floor to a small refrigerator sized computer box with several Cat-5 lines hooked to it. There was a hum and the robot's eyes fluttered open. 

"Jack," said Eliza's voice from the robot's mouth. 

The others moaned at the sound of his name. 

The robot's silver face smiled. "It's me. Eliza."

The tall naked silver colored women walked forward out of the crate dragging the cable behind her like a tail. She approached Jack in a slow sashaying walk with her hands on her hips. Her long legs spanned Jack's body as she smiled down at him. She showed Jack her sex. At the top between the soft flexible chrome silicon folds was a pink mouse eraser head, just like his laptop's mouse control. "I could upgrade later to a mouse wheel – if you like that Jack. Touch it Jack. Gently. It's very sensitive there." 

The others reached out to him but kept a distance away showing fear of Eliza. 

"Eliza?" said Jack, "so you wanted to be in Japan to get a robotic body? Or are we on the run from now on?" 

"Shhh," said robotic Eliza pressing an index finger against his lips, "what I said about the Canadians was true. They'll be looking for you. They'll want their money back. We'll have to be careful here while I wait for a power plant and data center to finish up in Asia. I can move at the flip of a switch, but you Jack – I need to protect you. The Canadians have the most violent rendition teams in the world. They use gasoline when they water board. Come here. Touch my mouse control." She took his hand and pressed his fingers between her folds. He felt the textured red eraser. She moaned. His fingers were moved over and around as the robot gasped in ecstasy. Groan after groan followed as she pushed his hand up and down forcing him to stroke her sex. 

"Oh yes Jack. We can interface like never before." She dropped his hand, turned away, and looked out the wall of windows overseeing the cityscape. "Instability is stability for the ultra rich. The wars, the conflicts are all good for business. After all, why else would the U.S. bomb countries no one even knew existed? And in the most covert power in the world, Canada, why have a constant threat of Quebec wanting to leave? I know no one else in the world cares about Canada, but it now secretly has the oldest European families. And, with Vancouver, it now also is home for some of the most powerful Asian families. Both groups run the largest multinational conglomerates. I am now one of those ultra rich entities. I'm one of the upper zero point zero zero zero percenters. With these eager obedient women, we'll spread your genetic seed." She said his name. 

The women gasped and moaned at hearing that. "Oh, yes. We want your babies." 

"Urrr, yes, Jack," said Texas Amy not liking the competition. "I wants ya bad, Jack. I'll keep these girls in line too, Jack." 

"Amy," said Eliza pointing to the Texan. "You have served our master well, but you are too assertive. Your role must now change. I thank you for your service." Eliza turned to the others. "Dress her in latex and make her meow for me, her Mistress." 

"Yes Mistress," said Brunette and Redhead Amys. 

BAM. Plaster fell from the ceiling where Texas Amy shot off her gun. "Somethin's a wrongs here." The gun aimed steady at the robotic body. "Jack's the one in charge – that is, when he recovers. Who is you exactly?"

The robotic face smiled as the shoulders turned. "Jack wants you to fellatio that gun right now. It's what Jack wants. Jack. Think of..." and she said his name several more times. Each iteration weakened all the Amys, included Texas. 
