 Author's note --

This is a work of pure fiction. There is no connection to any real people or places. Any resemblance to real life people, events, or someone else's writings is coincidental. It is for entertainment only and is not to be reproduced without written consent. 

****************************

My name is Egan (25), and my great, great, great grandmother helped save the future of planet Earth. I have been tasked to write this story to document the events that would lead up to preventing a world war. Part of this story is documented facts, part of it is family oral history, and part of it is first hand knowledge. 

It is the year 2169. It was just 45 years ago that my father discovered how to make it possible to have a cold fusion reactor small enough to power everything from small cars to large ships. It even replaced the polluting oil fired power stations and radioactive risky nuclear power plants of the day. Doing so averted a global war over the last remaining oil reserves. My mother told me all that would probably not have been possible had it been for a twist of fate that happened a few months before my great, great, great grandmother's intended wedding day. From what I have been able to piece together, there is a crucial pivotal point 160 years ago that had a major impact in my family's history. Before my trip back in time, I researched all my relatives & spouses all the way out to 3rd cousins. It never hurts to be prepared.

As a testament to my father's scientific genes, I have invented a device to time travel, and I intend to go back to that crucial period in time to get an accurate account of what happened. My first version of a time machine was the size of a small closet. My most recent version is one I can hold in my hand. This is the one I will use to make my trip back. 

Dialing in a date in the Spring of 2009, I pushed the Transport button and in a blur, my high-rise apartment vanished and I was standing in the front yard of my great, great, great grandmother's parent's house. As luck would have it, my arrival time was perfect. Julie (22), my great, great, great grandmother, was just pulling in the driveway after shopping for wedding things, accompanied by her sister Riana. I introduced myself as one of the 3rd cousins, from the West Coast. With a puzzled look on her face, I explained that originally I had said I wasn't going to attend, but since the company I worked for put me on a 6 month work assignment, I might as well come to the wedding. The only problem, I didn't have a place to stay. Seeing my predicament, she offered to let me stay at her parent's house; they had an extra bedroom that wasn't being used. So it was that I would be able to closely observe ALL the relatives up to and including the wedding day. 

Full of pre-wedding excitement, Julie clued me in on all the wedding plans, without too much prodding from me. As Julie rattled off the details of the rings, church, reception, wedding colors, cake, photographer, musicians, etc., I felt like I was trying to keep up with an old style auctioneer. Just as she was telling me that her future husband, and sister's future husband would be there soon, in walks two handsome 25 year old men. Right away, she introduced me to Brian and James, her future husband and her dad.

Then it hit me, something wasn't right. Julie's dad's name was correct but her future husband's name was not what I knew from the family history. And her engagement ring; that wasn't the ring that had been passed down through the generations. My surprised look that things were not right, was taken as a 'first meeting surprise' look. 

With Julie and Riana by Brian's presence, I was able to slip away into one of the bathrooms, where I lock the door and pulled out the PDA I stored all the family history details. Sure enough, Julie married a guy named Rick. Brian was nowhere to be found in the family history. According to the notes in my PDA, something happened about 2 months before the wedding that changed everything. I just had to figure out what that was.

When I came out of the bathroom, I heard Julie talking to her father in the kitchen. I also heard the voices of Brian and Riana in a closed-door bedroom. I couldn't make out much of the conversation in the bedroom, except for "not now, she's in the kitchen" and "oh God, it's so big, how are you going to explain that to Julie". When I heard their voices get closer to the bedroom door I ducked back into the bathroom and acted like I was just coming out. There was obviously something going on between Brian and Riana. I would need to keep close tabs on them to see what was going on. 

As Julie was finishing her conversation with her father, Brian walked into the kitchen, carrying a present from an out-of-town guest. The present was strategically placed in front of his crotch, blocking the obvious bulge in his pants. When he got close enough to Julie, his eyes locked on to hers, while shifting the package to the kitchen counter. Taking her into his arms, it was soon obvious that Julie could feel his excitement for her. Rather than reveling in the bulge in his pants, she reminded him that they had promised to stay chaste until the wedding night. Reluctantly, Brian pulled away, settling for a brief kiss.

Now I knew something wasn't right. A week later, I happened to find out why.

I was late afternoon on a Saturday that Julie was out on one of her extended wedding details shopping trips. She usually was gone for 3-4 hours on one of these shopping trips, and this was no exception. When Julie left, Riana and Brian were left to work on some of the reception centerpieces. Knowing that I was needed to just observe and keep interaction with all parties at a minimum, I grabbed a drink and retired to the big screen TV in the basement.

While Brian was working on one of the centerpieces, Riana took a break and got up to figure out how to work the new video camera she'd be using during the wedding reception. She was just getting the hang of turning the record on, pausing it, and stopping the record, when Brian came up behind her. Things heated up from there.

By the time I came upstairs to get a fresh beer, I happened to hear some noises that didn't sound like people making centerpieces. Peeking into the living room, I saw both Brian and Riana on the couch, with Brian busily fucking her brains out. Looking over to the top of the TV, I saw the video camera pointed in the couple's direction, and the record light was on. The video camera was recording every second of Riana getting fucked hard by Brian. 

Now it made sense. Julie had seen the evidence of Brian's unfaithfulness and canceled the wedding. That's why Brian did not end up being Julie's husband. 

Knowing that I would have to let things run their course, I went back downstairs. When I heard the sounds of the front door opening and Julie's voice, I came back upstairs. Brian was working on centerpieces, as if nothing else had transpired, and Riana was busy fiddling with the video camera. 

Later that night, when everyone else was asleep, I grabbed the video camera to see how much had been recorded. When I played back the recording from the memory card, there was nothing on it. That's when it dawned on me, Riana had erased the evidence. That meant Julie would not see what a cad Brian was and end up marrying him. If that happened, the family timeline would take a different path and I would most likely not exist. It was clear what had to be done, the memory card had to be kept from being erased. I had to do something. 

The thought that sprang into my head was simple, I would have to go back in time and switch memory cards. Rummaging in a drawer, I found an unused memory card. Taking my pocked time machine, I dialed in the precise time I went back down to the basement after discovering the two lovebirds. I didn't want to come face-to-face with myself. It could produce a time paradox that I didn't want to contemplate. 

Dialing in a time just 15 minutes before Julie's arrival back home, I pushed the button and I was instantly transported to the kitchen at the precise time I intended. As I listened to Riana's pussy being pummeled by Brian's cock, I heard a car pull into the driveway. A mad dash ensued, Riana grabbing her clothes and heading for her bedroom and Brian zipping his pants up as he scrambled for the bathroom. I had only seconds to grab the video camera, swap the memory card, place the camera in the same position on the TV, and turn on camera back to pause mode of record. Hearing the bedroom and bathroom doors opening, I grabbed my handheld time machine, set it to a moment after I jumped that evening and was whisked away as saw the toe of Brian's shoe emerge past the opening to the living room. 

When I jumped forward in time again, it was a moment after I jumped back. I had to be very careful of not having two of me experiencing a time paradox. Picking up the video camera, I put in the memory card with the evidence of Brian's romp with Riana, plugged in the patch cable from video cam-to-TV and sat down to watch. I had to be sure there was enough evidence in the video for Julie to dump him for good, and ensure he would not become her husband. 

The beginning of the video kept bouncing around as Riana kept moving it trying to figure out the controls. It was when Brian came up from behind her and wrapped his arms around her that camera was placed in a stable position on top of the TV. 

I could tell from Riana's reaction and her body movements, Brian's advances were not new or unwanted. Their kisses were tongue-down-the-throat deep and his hands had grabbed the firm cheeks of her ass, pressing her crotch into his still clothed hard cock. 

Soon he began to unbutton her blouse and unfasten her bra, just as she was unbuttoning his shirt and unzipping his pants. The race was on to see who could strip the other far enough to expose her cunt and his throbbing cock. It ended up a tie. 

As he walked her backwards to the couch, his fingers were busy strumming her clit and her fingers were busy pumping his cock. I heard her tell Brian that they had to make sure Julie never found out that Brian had been fucking her at least once a week for the last year. If she did, it would ruin the great thing they had going. 

I heard squishy sounds coming from her cunt the moment he pushed her onto her back on the couch. With both of them ready to go, Brian dropped on top of her and impaled her with his cock in one thrust. From there, the two of them humped each other as fast and hard as they could. I could tell both of them were about to cum when the sound of a car in the driveway was heard. Brian was so close in fact, he ended up spraying Riana's cunt lips instead of depositing his load inside her. Riana squealed and Brian cursed "She's back early" right before both then bolted for the bedroom and bathroom respectively. 

Having obtained the evidence, I had to figure out when and how to make sure Julie saw it in time to be able to call off the wedding. It had to be a time when both Julie and Brian were together, for maximum effect. Not only did I have to make sure Julie not marry Brian but I had to make sure he was out of the picture all together. His genes were not to be in the family bloodline under any circumstances, according to the genealogical records. This also meant that some way had to be found to get him out of the picture with Riana. For the next couple of weeks, I had to make sure that Brian and Riana were never alone together. 

According to the family records, Riana had a large family. It was rumored she was quite the slut before getting married herself and would fuck almost anything that came along. The family rumor was that all you had to do was look at her and she got pregnant. When I happened to overhear Julie and Riana comparing the times of the month for when they were fertile, and that Riana had run out of birth control pills, it was even more important that I keep tabs on Brian.

When I overheard Julie say that one of Riana's old boyfriends was coming by to drop off a wedding present, I concocted a plan to get both Brian and Julie out of the house. I invited them to join me for dinner at a fancy restaurant; the kind where there was a wait to be seated and it took a reasonable amount of time prepare their dinner. 

Back at the house, Riana answered the doorbell to find her old boyfriend holding a wedding present. Not wanting to seem inhospitable, she invited him in. 

Once in, the old feelings for Riana surfaced again. John had always loved Riana and she was the best fuck he'd ever had. It was Riana that let things cool between them. From the family records I knew things had rekindled and they got married but there was record of why or how. I was hoping the hidden video camera I set up would tell me.

When the three of us had returned from dinner John and Riana's old boyfriend were gone. I noticed the video camera was still recording; a good sign. When Brian and Julie weren't looking I pocketed the video camera and stopped it. I would have to wait until hours later to find out what had happened while the three of us were out. When the hour got late, Julie kissed Brian good night and ushered him out, for him to return to his own apartment. Within an hour, Julie was asleep and Riana was still not back 

Downstairs, I hooked the patch cables from the video camera to the TV and sat down to watch what had taken place while I was out.

To be continued . . .