 This was an unusual job for Ava.

As a biologist working for a galaxy wide preservation organization, it had never occurred to her that her job would one day involve stealing a specimen from a company.

"Are you sure about this?" Ava asked her boss, Sophia.

"You're the best person for the job," her boss replied, adjusting her thick rimmed glasses with the tip of her index finger. "You'll go unnoticed and pass as a mere inspector in the plant".

"Whatever it takes to save a dying species," Ava replied enthusiastically.

As the job assignment said, a company had recently harvested the last of an endangered species of slime. This last specimen could still reproduce if taken good care of, but not while being explored as it was.

In a hurry to do her job, Ava half read the report and travelled to the company headquarters, arriving just on time for the scheduled inspection. Her official job was to guarantee that all of the specimen were alive and well (as well as they could), but her goal was to sneak the endangered slime out.

She was well received ("company protocol", she thought) by a young man named Emmet, and guided to a company tour. She visited several different offices and labs, until finally arriving where they kept the slime.

"This is an special one. We call it SL-X," Emmet said. "With the right technique, we'll be able to exploit... I mean, produce a fortune with its help".

She looked at the glass box containing SL-X, a green slime with two sharp but sad looking eyes. It had spread itself in a pool about 3 feet in diameter.

"SL-X? I'll call it Slimey", Ava said quietly to herself.

"It can be split into many parts, but somehow it won't reproduce. We're still figuring it out." Emmet said.

He poked a finger at it and it barely moved. "It looks useless but believe me, there's good use to this thing. Anyway, I believe this finishes the inspection. If you'd follow me."

He turned around to walk to the door and Ava saw her opportunity. She picked Slimey the best way she could and quickly hid it in her bra. The gooey, warm substance that made its body slid on her skin and accommodated around both her boobs. Ava felt a tingling sensation on her tits, and the warm embrace around her breast felt nice.

Ava looked down and Slimey was really filling up her bra. It looked like her boobs had grown significantly, and green matter was still filling up the rest of her blouse, and sticking out from the neck.

Before she could think of a better option, Emmet turned around to her. She used her body to cover the glass box where Slimey was previously in, and quickly raised her right arm to her left shoulder in an attempt to hide the part of Slimey's body that was sticking out from her clothes.

"This way," Emmet indicated the corridor and Ava carefully walked out.

"Uh, may I go to the restroom real quick?" Ava asked, not knowing what to do next.

"Sure," Emmet said, uninterested.

Still with her arms covering her body, Ava quickly entered the restroom. Slimey was inadvertently massaging her breasts, making her tits sensitive. Inside the stall, she carefully took Slimey out of her bra. Its body was gelatinous and malleable, yet stiff if held properly. His cute looking eyes adjusted to look at her.

Ava's mind was racing about what to do with Slimey. "I need to get you out of here in one piece, but I don't know how! You're too big to go in my bra."

Suddenly, an idea occurred to her. "What if you go somewhere else?"

Ava closed the toilet lid and put Slimey on it. "You gave me some interesting ideas, you know?" She said, looking down.

She pulled her skirt up to her waist and took her panties off. Her shaved pussy was already wet from her tits being stimulated.

"Can you fit in here?" She asked quietly as she slowly neared Slimey.

It shaped its body in a phallic, stiff form, touching her wet clit. Ava moaned quietly and extended her arms to lean on the wall. She slowly moved her hips forward as Slimey slid into her entrance. Then, she slowly descended.

Slimey's warm body slid inside Ava's pussy inch by inch, slowly filling her up. She again moaned, as a wave of pleasure took her body. She felt it reach her cervix, completely stuffing her vagina.

But as she looked down, it seemed like only about a third of Slimey was inside. "Oh my God, you're too big! I underestimated you."

Suddenly, an alarm went off. The loud sound took her by surprise. "They must have realized you're gone! They'll be looking for you!" Ava told Slimey quietly.

"Emmet said you could be split up. I don't know how comfortable you feel about that, but it's going to be the only way." Ava said, as she grabbed the part of Slimey that was directly out of her pussy. In a simple motion, it split, leaving a third inside her pussy.

"Now get in here", Ava said as she turned back and started sitting down again.

In the same phallic shape, Slimey poked at the entrance of her ass as she slowly pushed her body down.

Again, inch by inch, Slimey penetrated her, this time her ass. Ava's hips moved instinctively, she closed her eyes and moaned. She felt the warm slime body going deep in her. She held on the sides of the toilet and finally sat down, taking up Slimey completely inside her.

The alarm continued to sound as she put her panties back on.

She left the restroom and went looking for Emmet. When she met him again, he had two guards by his side.

"What happened?" She feigned surprise.

"Check her," he told the guards.

They checked her purse and her pockets, looking for Slimey but found nothing. The alarm stopped as Emmet and the guards looked confused.

"SL-X has disappeared and we were just inside its room," Emmet said angrily.

"Oh, no! How could that possibly happen? We just saw it lying there!" Ava said, pretending to not know what had happened.

"That's a question you must have the answer to," he said.

"I have no idea what you're talking about. Your guards just looked into my purse. If I had taken it, where else could I have possibly hidden it?"

Emmet looked flustered. "It's ok. Let her go", he told the guards, who walked her outside.

Back in her ship, Ava set the course back to her office.

"Mission accomplished!" she said to herself.

Safe from the company's hands, Ava laid spread on her seat and pulled her skirt up again. She could feel Slimey twitching inside her, giving her another tingle of pleasure.

She took her panties off and Slimey began to slowly slide out of her pussy and ass. The moving slime made her moan, loudly this time. She pushed it back inside her and let it slid out several times.

The trip back would take a couple of hours, and Ava would have plenty of time to have fun with Slimey.