 The Scarlett Lady was back among the stars, starting another trade run. She's a sleek ship, paid for speed and stealth. Her cargo is highly profitable, her route dangerous. The crew does work hard and doesn't ask questions... It was a quick turnaround at Corsica, made more difficult because new crew members were needed.

Navigator Katarina Centari was new to the ship. She spent her first hours setting the ship's course and jump path, so now she had time to wander, becoming familiar with her surroundings. She'd been working the trade routes for eight years now, building a reputation as a superb navigator, and, when necessary, a good shot with a thermal torpedo. She'd had to develop a tough veneer on these runs - it was unusual that women signed up for such jobs, especially attractive women. And while Kat didn't actively cultivate her appearance, she had a natural, exotic beauty set off by large hazel eyes, black hair, and olive skin. Beneath her coveralls was a body made fit by countless workouts at the grav gym. 

As part of ship protocol she had to report for weapons training at 0600 tomorrow morning. She decided she would grab a bite in the galley before turning in for the night. So far, her day had been quiet, wandering alone through the ship, but as she dialed in her meal choice, she could tell that someone had joined her. Without turning, she peeked over her shoulder through her hair. 

He didn't say a word, which was fine with her. It usually went better for her if the men on the ship left her alone. But as the seconds passed she found herself wanting him to talk to her. There was something about him. She found herself drawn to him. She put him at six feet, close to her height -- and taller than most working the trade routes, but he made her feel tiny with his broad chest and strong arms. His hair was a deep mahogany. But what made you look twice were his startling blue eyes.

She finished her food, cleaned up, and headed back to her room, one of the underrated benefits of the Scarlett Lady, being Navigator meant she didn't have to share a bunk. She thought of the tall, strong, beautiful stranger. While they didn't speak, it wouldn't be the last time she thought of him. It occurred to her that it had been a while since she had had a long night of hot sex - a long time since she had been with someone who made her cum again and again. And that was exactly what she wanted tonight. But if she'd learned anything in the trade, it was that it was better to deal with it on her own than seek someone out and demand sex. 

Kat was restless. This stranger had disrupted her schedule. Her body was getting more and more turned on. She felt her skin getting hot and flushed, her pussy getting wet, her nipples becoming sensitive as they rubbed against her sheets. She needed to cum. She peeled off her clothes, squeezing her nipples as she took off her top, and rubbing her wet pussy as she took off her damp panties. 

She fell into bed, fingering herself, wanting to cum fast and hard. Rubbing her clit, she wished she had a toy to fill her pussy and buzz against her clit. Fingers would have to do. She ran them over her clit faster and harder, she was going to cum. She could feel it building inside her. Faster, faster and faster - on the precipice of release, and then she felt her pussy cum. 

"Ohhhhh gods -- it feels so fucking good...."

She lay panting for breath. She should feel satisfied, but she wanted more. She wanted to be filled with a big hard cock, sliding in and out of her, fucking her harder and harder until she came all over. She wanted to be pounded from above and taken from behind. She wanted her pussy to be eaten, her nipples licked and squeezed. She wanted to take a hard cock in her mouth, tasting hot cum. She wanted to ride on top and play with her clit. She wanted it all. 

She started playing again, this time sliding her fingers deep inside her wet, hungry pussy. She was fevered. She needed to cum. After a few strokes she came again, still hyper-sensitive. She still wasn't done. She kept playing hoping to find release - satisfaction so she could sleep. After cumming a few more times, Kat saw that this wasn't something she could fix on her own. She tried to sleep but tossed and turned all night. Her body was hot and ready. She was aroused just rubbing her nipples against the sheets. Her pussy throbbed hot and wet, hopeful that it would get what it wanted.

Finally 0600 arrived. Kat showered in an effort to look alert, walking to C-deck to report for weapons training. When she arrived, she was surprised to learn that she was all alone. It was a small crew, so perhaps it made sense. Kat waited for the instructor, Nikolai Vega. She wasn't paying much attention when suddenly, she was no longer alone. The presence felt familiar. It gave Kat goose bumps on the back of her neck. When she turned, it was him. Of course it was. The beautiful stranger who haunted her dreams, returned to her in the flesh. She immediately creamed her panties. To her credit, at least on the outside, she managed to keep her cool.

Weapons master Nik Vega: not a man given to unnecessary conversation-- he was all business. She could have been a block of plasticast for all the attention he gave her. As he spoke, she quickly became acquainted with the locations of the weapons and their operation. She fell in line quickly, showing herself to be competent and able. And while she controlled her face to show no emotion, her body was being less cooperative. She could feel her panties getting more and more damp, her face flushing as her nipples rubbed against her coveralls. She thought it showed great restraint on her part not to throw herself at him.

Soon, the training was done and Kat was ready for a cold shower to cool her sexual frustration. As she was about to leave, Nik spoke - a warm change from the monotony of weapons training. In truth, Nik had been aware of Kat ever since last night's encounter in the galley. It was a delightful surprise to have her arrive this morning, right on time for his weapons training. It was all he could do not to rip open her coveralls and fuck her against the guns. He could smell her pussy and he was imagining what it would be like to taste her - to make her cum again and again. She smelled sweet and ready. He was getting hard just being near her. He decided to be direct. Clearly her body wanted what he wanted. 

"I want you. I want to make you cum." 

Kat's panties became soaked hearing his words. Weapons training had taken an interesting turn. She got even hotter, if that was possible. She needed to be out of her clothes -her naked body against his. She didn't want to talk. Her desire was strong. Her body had needed it, needed him, now.

She walked to him, stripping off her coveralls. She wanted him, right here, right now, in the weapons room. Nik couldn't take his eyes off of her as she revealed her perfect body. The coveralls had been disguising her curves. When she reached him and started undoing the fastening of his coveralls he realized he had been entranced. He tore off his clothes, wanting to be as naked as she was. As he undressed, Kat saw that he had a very large, very hard cock to go with the rest of his hard body. 

She stroked her hot wet pussy, and brought her fingers to his mouth so he could taste her. As he sucked on her fingers, he brought her closer, wanting to touch her. His fingers found her warm hot opening, exploring her folds. He found her clit and started stroking. Kat started moaning, pressing against his hand. She was so wet and hungry. Nik wasn't sure how long he could wait; she was making him crazy with lust. Nik started stroking her faster. Kat could tell she was close. 

"Don't stop. Don't stop... Make me cum." 

And with a few more strokes, Kat grabbed onto him. Her fingers digging into his shoulders, her knees buckling as she came all over his hand. Nik didn't give her anytime to rest. He pushed her up against one of the walls, picked her up and wrapped her legs around his waist. He entered her, wanting to cum deep inside of her tight pussy. He entered her, filling her, hitting all of the right spots. Kat was finally going to be filled and fucked. Nik started thrusting slowly, but soon picked up the pace. Kat matched his movements, their sweaty, naked bodies moving together. Kat was going to cum again; she could feel it building inside of her. 

"I'm going to cum!"

Nik responded by picking up the pace - pounding into her harder. 

"Cum for me. Cum all over this hard cock." 

She could feel him pressing against her G spot. Her pussy clenched and she creamed for him.

"I'm cumming. Fuck. Fuck me. I'm cumming so fucking hard! Cummmmmmmmmmming!"

Nik felt her tight pussy clenching around him. He thrust hard, cumming with her - deep inside her, shuddering with release. After a few moments, he set her down. Kat's body was tingling. Her eyes roamed over his body, enjoying what she saw, and wanting more. While she was temporarily satiated, she was hardly through. And from the look in Nik's eyes, it was mutual. They put their coveralls back on and went in search of quarters more private for the next round.