 Scarlet lies in a hotel bed, leaning against the board with a pillow propping her up. With her arms crossed, she turns to the window as sirens and police lights whiz by, briefly lighting up the early morning sky. The lights flash against the high-rise skyscrapers, clashing with the light of the rising sun. The man sleeping next to her turns over, awakened by the noise. He opens his eyes, and as soon as he lays eyes on Scalet, smiles.

"You're so beautiful," he mumbles, reaching up to brush her arm.

Without smiling, Scarlet turns away from him, "Thanks."

"Is this...going to become something more than just...I don't know, this? Because, I don't usually do more than the one night thing but...I think you're different-"

"A lot of guys have said that," she grumbles.

The man nods, "Well, yeah, I'm sure many men have-"

Just then, Scarlet's cell phone, sitting on the nightstand, goes off. With lightning speed, she grabs it, getting out of bed and holding it up to her ear.

"Hello?"

"Erotica, you're needed down in headquarters," a relaxed male voice answers on the other side.

"On it," she hangs up, and still naked, starts grabbing her clothes that have been flung around the hotel room.

The man turns over in the bed sheets, "You're leaving already?"

"I've got work," she grumbles, shimmying on her lacy red underwear.

"Work? At this hour-...on no, don't tell me you're a prostitute, because I can't pay-...I...I mean, I could totally pay-"

"Save it," she interrupts, "I'm not a prostitute."

The man gives a sigh of relief, "Oh, that's great, So...will I see you again?"

"Doubt it. I'm like you, I only really do the one night thing. Most people, around me, are too friendly for my taste," she explains, throwing on her purple blouse and tight miniskirt.

Confused, he further questions, "'Too friendly'? Ha...I can see why, but why would that be a bad thing?"

About to open the door, Scarlet turns around to face the man, "They're not friendly because they think I'm a nice person, I'm not a nice person. They're 'friendly', or rather lusty, because I make them that way."

The headquarters of the Justice Corp is abuzz with activity, with large glass windows overlooking the city, along with many brightly-lit screens displaying various information. As employees in casual suits pass through the stone floor hallways, some of them are pushed by the tall, lanky man carrying several stacked boxes.

"Excuse me! Coming through!"

There are some gasps as he bumps into several other employees. Even with his rude intrusions of other people, his pace refuses to slow as he occasionally peers out from behind the boxes, revealing a goofy smile and protruding teeth.

He's suddenly stopped by a plastic stick poking at his knee. He turns to his left to find an older man with a white cane and dark sunglasses.

"I take it from the commotion you must be Marcus Kaufman," his voice is calm, relaxing even.

Marcus puts down the cardboard boxes to shake the man's hand, "Yes sir, yes sir! And you must be Mr. Crosby! Wow, it's nice to meet you!"

"Yes, well, welcome to Justice Corp. I will be your boss for now on. Let me show you to my office," Mr. Crosby starts shuffling down the hallway, his white cane tapping in front of him, feeling for any obstacles.

Boxes in tow, Marcus follows Mr. Crosby to a somewhat spacious office, with a large, heavy desk in the center with bookshelves and plant decorations lining the walls. Once Mr. Crosby reaches his desk, he pushes a small button on it, and a slit in the ceiling opens up to bring down a large screen. Marcus puts down his heavy load to watch.

"I'm one of Justice Corp's many Hero Managers. Because heroes can be such a handful, managers only take on one or two at a time. For me, I only have one..."

The screen lights up, revealing the profile of the superheroine Erotica, along with various information as well as a straight profile picture of her in costume. Despite Erotica only being shown from the neck up, whilst not even smiling in the photo, a grin grows on Marcus' face.

"Beautiful," he mumbles.

"If you're already saying that before you've even met her, I'm afraid you're going to be in for a lot of trouble," Mr. Crosby warns him.

The screen changes to a more detailed biography of Erotica, as Mr. Crosby summarizes the information, "Erotica's power is sexual irresistibility, in both men and women, transmitted through physical sight, and further empowered by physical touch. Anyone who lays eyes on her will become attracted to her, with very few exceptions. We generally tend to match her up against...emotionally weak opponents, since the severity of her powers effects can vary."

"Like what?" Marcus asks.

"Well, you could be blind, like me, but it's hard to find technicians who are blind," Mr. Crosby explains, "so, because we know you won't be able to resist her abilities, we just pick people we hope will be undesirable to her."

The smile on Marcus' face disappears, "I-...I see. Of course, that makes sense. And here I thought I was...constantly resubmitting my resume to Justice Corp to be hired for my technical skill-"

Mr. Crosby shakes his head, "No, no, Marcus, your work is rather impressive, and your background is completely clean. You'll do a great job inventing new gadgetry for Erotica."

Just then, the door to Mr. Crosby's office opens, as a woman wearing a revealing black cocktail dress with matching mask and high heels walks in.

"Ah, Erotica! Perfect timing," Mr. Crosby welcomes her, "this is why I brought you here. This is your new Gadgetry Specialist, Marcus Kaufman."

The nervous Marcus, although standing almost a foot above Erotica, still hesitates as he approaches her, reaching his hand out for her to shake. Erotica simply steps away, leaving him hanging.

"It's...it's a pleasure to meet you...Erotica," Marcus can barely stutter out his words as he lowers his hand.

"Same...hey Joe, exactly how...qualified is this guy?" Erotica turns and asks Mr. Crosby.

"Oh, and can show you my inventions right now if you'd like!" Marcus offers, running over to his stack of boxes.

Grabbing the top box from his stack, Marcus opens it up and pulls out a tube of lipstick, "Check this out!"

He pops open the cap to reveal a bright red color. He aims it at a nearby decorative plant and fires, blasting the pot to smithereens with a flash of red laser light.

Erotica crosses her arms and shakes her head, "Yeah, laser lipstick? Seen it, buddy."

Without saying a word, Marcus presses the bottom of the lipstick tube, only to have the red lipstick inside change color before their eyes into a light blue. He aims the tube at a bookshelf and fires, this time letting out a blue jet of light that creates a large, bright icicle on top of the bookshelf, causing it to fall over completely.

"Oh my, looks like I'll have to get Damage Control down here," Mr. Crosby frets.

Marcus turns around, "Oh, I'm so sorry Mr. Crosby. If you want me to stop I'll-"

"No, continue on. That's why you're here after all."

Marcus hands the tube of lipstick to Erotica, "There are also several other functions for the lipstick, including a taser and a built-in tracking device. Just press the bottom to switch functions."

After examining the tube, Erotica shrugs, "As far as first impressions go, I'm...not disappointed. Anything else you've been working on?"

"Oh yes, of course!" he declares, running back over to dig into his cardboard box, "I have a cross-body purse that inflates into a jetpack and lifeboat, high heels with retractable knives, mascara brushes that double as knock-out darts..."

Erotica walks over to Marcus and peers over his shoulder, looking into his box of inventions, "Do you...spend all of your free time modulating women's products?"

"Well, I've never tried anything with a feminine hygiene product, but if that's what you want, I'd gladly figure something out!" he offers, without any hint of irony.

She purses her lips, "Uhm...no, not what I meant."

Continuing to look into the box, Erotica spots something strange lying in the corner, "What's that?"

She gestures to the shiny, bright pink object sticking out of the corner of the box. Marcus' cheeks immediately flush red, "Uh...well, that's something that's not quite ready yet-"

Before he can stop her, Erotica grabs the item. It turns out to be a large pink dildo, about eight inches long, with a thick shaft and protruding head. As her hands grasp around the object, it becomes warm in her hands.

"Ah, uhm, well, how do I explain this one? I thought it might work as an interrogation device, you know, for...trying to convince them...to our side?" Marcus explains.

Erotica tests the flexibility of the dildo, pressing her finger on the tip and giving it a flick. Sure enough, the rubbery dildo waves back and forth, although somehow, as it sways to-and-fro, it's movements seem almost a little too tight, too controlled. 

"Should I even ask as to how it works?" she snaps at Marcus, holding up the dildo.

He shirks back, "Well, I mean, it was designed for high-level...stimulation. I...I was thinking of just scrapping it, so, if you wanna take it home and use it for your own...personal needs, be my guest."

Erotica takes another look at the dildo, whose rubbery plastic is starting to become slippery and sweaty in her hands, and Erotica could swear that it's starting to twitch just a bit. She examines it, as it she's seriously considering taking it home. But then she shakes her head, and gets down on her knees to put it back in the box.

"No thanks, I'll-"

The dildo jumps out of her hands, using its newfound slipperiness to make its escape. Erotica yelps, jumping back as the dildo moves at an unnatural speed. 

"What's going on?!" Mr. Crosby cries, grabbing his white cane.

Using her high heel, Erotica stamps her heel down onto the dildo. She hits it square in the middle, her heel digging into the plastic. The dildo dies down, but not in defeat, as the material starts to melt down and climb up Erotica's foot.

"What the hell?! The dildo is alive!" she shouts, "Joe, call security, now!"

Mr. Crosby makes his way over to the red security controls, while Marcus looks on in equal horror and fascination as the dildo material on Erotica's foot glues her to the ground and separates in two, traveling over to her other foot. Erotica tries moving her foot away from the bright pink blob descending upon it, but as she spreads her legs wider, she runs out of places for her foot to go, and trips on her free heel, falling to the floor.

With one half of the dildo material keeping her glued to the ground, the other side moves to the center, reshaping itself back into a dildo, smaller than the original she'd held in her hands. The dildo starts inching its way toward Erotica's inner thighs with an urgent, aggressive speed.

Marcus intervenes, trying to grab the dildo, but it squirms out of his grasp, pushing Marcus' hands toward Erotica's thighs. The moment Marcus touches her thigh, his hands stay there, as his gaze drifts toward her face, completely in a trance.

"Oh god, not now!" Erotica shouts, as her hands grasp to pull off the blob holding down her foot.

"You're so...beautiful...and I'm finally touching you," Marcus whispers, his eyes fixated on her. 

"Well congrats asshole, now help me!" she demands.

The moving dildo reaches her center, nudging and exploring her nether regions, separated only by the thin layer of her panties. Erotica clenches her fingers and stifles a groan, as the dildo's careful movements begin to make her wet.

She tries moving aside, pushing it away, grabbing it, but the dildo will not stop its pursuance of her pussy. The dildo starts to buzz, like its switch has just been turned on, and Erotica squeaks out a soft moan. A heat starts to grow in her loins, and she starts to feel a little bit of excitement mix into the shock. She tries pulling her legs shut, but that only allows the vibrating sensation to spread to her outer lips and thighs, causing Erotica to tilt her head back in pleasure. Once her entrance is slick with her juices, the dildo stops vibrating so that it can push aside her panties and wiggle its way inside.

Erotica moves her panties back in place, "Marcus, your toy's trying to get inside me!"

As a show of force, when she blocks her pussy with her panties, the pink dildo lifts its head up, vibrating on her clit. Erotica moans, losing herself for a moment as a rush of pleasure centers down into her vagina.

Under his breath, Marcus mumbles, "Good."

Completely thrown off by his statement, Erotica turns all of her attention to Marcus, "...what?"

His head darts to her, his eyes locked in a needy desperation. Is he trying to fight back against her powers? Or is he eagerly awaiting for his instrument to infiltrate Erotica?

"Good, I want to see you fucked so bad," he clarifies, his voice a whimper.

She sighs, "Well, at least you're honest."

Erotica gulps down a scream as she suddenly feels the dildo succeeding in penetrating her. With her distracted by Marcus, she hadn't noticed the dildo had make it past her soaked panties and had nudged its tip just past her lips. The vibrating sensation still present, its movements pushing her closer and closer to orgasm, Erotica found it hard to keep herself together the more she became aroused. Her hole more than ready, the dildo slides in. Despite its smaller size, it makes for a nice fit, as the walls of Erotica's vagina brush against the intruder, accommodating it.

Just then, three armed guards burst open the door, and when they see Erotica writhing on the floor, they rush to help her. Both wrought with panic and embarrassment, Erotica sits shocked still as one guard gets down on one knee to examine her. The dildo is halfway inside of her now, squishing and squirming inside all on its own. Its brisk, frantic movements twist her inner walls, its tip nudging her g-spot.

The guard puts on a pair of latex gloves and shakes his head, "And I'd thought I'd seen everything here."

Now with gloved hands, he attempts to grab the dildo sticking out of Erotica's vagina. But the dildo dodges his hands by thrusting itself further into Erotica, sending a shockwave of pleasure coursing through her senses. Her upper body lurches forward in response, along with an involuntary moan. The dildo pulls back out, but as soon as the guard's hands come near it again, it thrusts back into her.

"I don't know how much more I can take," she cries, her fingers curling as orgasm nears.

"Marcus! You created this thing, how do we stop it?!" Mr. Crosby shouts at the inert young man.

His mouth hung ajar, Marcus watches as his creation plunges and vibrates inside Erotica, her hip movements responding to its thrusts, "We need to make her cum. Once it senses her orgasm, it'll take a break to check her vitals to make sure it hasn't killed her. Only then can we remove it."

The guards back away as Marcus puts his finger on Erotica's clitoris. She slaps his hand back, "What the hell are you doing?!"

"I'm going to help you cum," he explains, putting his hand back on her clit.

She rolls her eyes, "Oh, now you want to help."

He starts moving his digit back and forth along her clit, and Erotica can't help but moan at his touch. Marcus tunes the movements of his finger in time with the push and pull of the dildo. Erotica, initially uncomfortable with his hand on her, starts rocking her hips back and forth as the combined tandem of their manipulations start overriding her sensibilities. She lets out one last soft moan, and Marcus knew this was the moment to strike. He doubles his efforts, rubbing her clit furiously, and as if sensing his movements, the dildo starts jack-fisting itself harder, faster into her eager cunt.

"Fuck!" Erotica groans, lifting up her legs and throwing her back on the ground as she climaxes, her hips and groin lurching into the dildo with abandon.

The dildo gives a couple more forceful jerks, before slowing down to gently brushing its head against her walls. With his free hand, Marcus reaches in between her thighs and pulls out the dildo, her juices clinging to the member as it easily slides out.

The guard with gloved hands immediately seizes the dildo as the other handcuffs Marcus. Mr. Crosby, with his hands behind his back, walks up to him.

"Young man...what were you thinking?! Endangering a superhero like that in our own offices?! Allowing her to be raped by one of your own creations?! I want you out of this building, now. And don't dare ever come back."

A look of horror crosses Marcus' face, as the guards haul his away. All the while, his eyes are locked on Erotica, who lies on the floor, breathing heavily. Mr. Crosby closes the door on Marcus, and turns around to Erotica.

"Scarlet, are you alright?" he asks, now referring to her by her real name.

"Yeah," she gasps, as Mr. Crosby's white cane pokes at her shoulder, "did...did you fire that new Gadgetry Specialist?"

"Well of course I fired him, he sat there, doing nothing while you suffered-"

She shakes her head, as she tries to stand, "No...not-...not-...no..."

Mr. Crosby finds her shoulder, "Scarlet, should you really be standing? You must be exhausted."

Erotica wipes off the vaginal juices dripping off of her thighs, and adjusts her panties back in place, "I feel gross, but I've gotta catch him before they throw him out of the building."

Slowly at first, she makes her way to the red security controls, which includes a phone that Mr. Crosby had used earlier to call the guards. She picks up the phone, and dials into the guard's radio system using Mr. Crosby's personalized braille number pad.

"Hello? Yes, this is Erotica. Please bring Marcus Kaufman back to Mr. Crosby's office. ...yes I'm aware of what he did. ...yes. ...alright, I'll be waiting for him out front."

She hangs up the phone, while Mr. Crosby still looks for answers, "You're...inviting him back?"

"Of course. It's not his fault he acted the way he did," she tells him.

He looks at her with some confusion, before a look of realization crosses his face, "You can't blame your powers on everyone's inappropriate behavior. That man was out of line-"

"I know when someone has been overpowered by my influence! I can see it in their eyes, they...they lose themselves!" she declares, practically shouting.

Mr. Crosby sighs, "Well, if you think this is what's best..."

Getting out of her slump, Erotica looks up at him, and smiles, "Thanks Joe."

Marcus is escorted by the two guards back to Mr. Crosby's office, where Erotica is waiting for him at the door. The moment Marcus lays eyes on her, his worried expression turns into a goofy smile. She gestures for the guards to leave them, and they step away, disappearing into the crowded hallways.

"C'mon, we're going to the roof," she tells him.

"W-...we are?" he mumbles, "Alone?"

She turns around, "Don't get any-" she stops when she notices his stretching grin, "probably too late for that."

They a glass elevator, which provides a comprehensive view of the entire Justice Corp building. Elaborately dressed heroes fly in from automatically opening windows, into rooms that would otherwise look like regular offices. There's even a floor that serves as a dedicated training room, with dummies and simulated lasers. Erotica pushes the button labelled "Roof", and the elevator closes, making its slow ascent.

"So...how do you see me?" she suddenly asks him.

Marcus raises an eyebrow, "...huh?"

"It's part of my superpower. Everyone sees me as a sort of their...personal ideal beauty standard. Some people see me as a stick-thin blond goddess, others see me as a curvy brunette with big lips. Of course, they always see me as a woman, so I've confused many straight women and gay men over the years," she explains.
