 The two women were in a dim book-lined office after hours. The executive and the scientist: each had a power the other envied. Both were beautiful, of course. Both made up, hair back and dressed well. Neither accenting their sex with their dress, both serious women. The scientist with thick-framed glasses, red hair and green eyes. The businesswoman blonde and blue.

They were arguing, standing.

"You must show me your progress. If you can't convince me that something's been done I'll cut the funding."

"It's still unstable. Can't I convince you to let me keep it contained until I've been able control it a little better?"

"It's been more than a year and I haven't seen anything. I've treated you well and you're spitting in my face."

"My dedication is unquestioned. I've infested myself with this thing. If you cut my funding you're screwing me - I've still got it inside me."

The businesswoman collapsed back in her leather chair. It creaked and she struck an attitude. Her fingertips splayed against her forehead and her eyelids fluttered closed.

"I need to see something," she murmured. "I believe in you. But I have to answer to my bosses too. I won't cut your funding, just catch me up to fucking date."

The scientist flapped her arms in a futile gesture. She looked around. Out the window flowed a steady stream of headlights, winding down a highway. "Draw those curtains." She glanced behind her. The door was locked.

The businesswoman heaved out of the chair and marched to the window. The light played around her ass, showing its roundness as she approached the window. She pulled shut the drapes.

"Now as you know," said the scientist as she unzipped her pants, "it lives in my vagina." She slid the suitpants down her legs to reveal white lace panties. The businesswoman came around the desk and sat in the chair on the scientist's side, her face level with her employee's crotch. "The problem is that the thing is bizarrely seductive." Behind the lace wriggled a black form. "The lab assistants have all been infected."

"All?" asked the businesswoman, her eyes trying to make out the small parasite that wriggled in her employees panties.

"Yes, I'm afraid so. It's something of an epidemic." The scientist stepped out of her pants and kicked them to the side. Her legs were pale, but sleek.

With a manicured fingernail the executive lifted the edge of the scientist's panties, and the head of the black worm slithered into her hand. 

"Mm. There is... a nervous symbiosis here. I can feel through it, as though it were a penis. This... phenomenon is... still... deserving of some scrutiny." The businesswoman held the thing gingerly with one hand, while with another she stroked it. Fascinated.

The businesswoman spoke: "It's very interesting. And I imagine it will be very useful? Its making me imagine all sorts of things - is this part of the seduction you talked about?"

"Yes... everyone to... come into contact with it has... reported... sexual fantasies... outside of their normal activity."

The scientists breasts were growing pert and her nipples grew stiffer. The thing snaked further out of her and began caressing the cheek of the businesswoman. 

The businesswoman's voice started to drone distractedly, "I haven't ever taken much time for sex. It's something of a necessary evil. Never played, really, with a member the way I imagine to frolic with this. It's unfortunate it's not a man's, the way it can curl and thicken and dance around." She didn't seem to realize that this was not an appropriate comment for the workplace. The scientist realized, but didn't mind. "I imagine it curling round my tits and invading my ass. Does it do this? This creature?"

This scientist grinned down at her employer whose lips parted vaguely. She hooked her thumb in her bosses mouth and gently pried it open. The black worm darted inside and began to play.

Though at first startled, the businesswoman quickly found pleasure. She swirled her tongue around the creature, and then sealed her lips around it. She got off of the chair and kneeled before the scientist, and began to properly fellate the thing.

The scientist reclined against the businesswoman's desk, knocking over some tchotchkes and shuffling papers. She moaned, cupped the businesswoman's face, and began a rhythmic thrust of her ass. Her bright red bush peeking out beneath her baby blue workshirt, and all framed by the drape of her lab coat. The businesswoman closed her eyes in savor.

"I tried to explain to you that this would happen... You'll be infected tonight."

She grabbed at the businesswoman's hairbob, and her long blonde hair cascaded down her shoulders and tickled the thighs of the scientist. She grabbed her employees ass for better leverage and opened her throat. As she came in her breasts grazed the redhead's knees, and as she came out she left a shining trail of spit.

The scientist went on: "Now you understand why our progress has slowed. The sexual tension in the lab became unbearable. After I infected myself it was a slow process of initiating all the other women. The men became cagey and strange. We had to flush them out of the department. And now it's spreading. Church groups, book clubs, we've become a real conspiracy. Any time we can get new women alone. I had worried that if you found out we'd all lose our jobs. We aren't working anymore, we can't. This thing. It's going to take over."

The businesswoman pulled the parasite out of her mouth. "Shut up and fuck me."

She pulled off her pants & underwear in a single jerk. The snake lept into her and the scientist's hips bucked forward. The businesswoman flicked open the buttons down her blouse and grabbed at her own breasts, pinching and tugging as her breath became ragged.

The creature thrust and thrust and filled her up. The scientist shuttered and grasped at her blonde boss sprawled out below her. The businesswoman's legs around the lab coat of the scientist, kicking at her thighs and ass. The view up to her - her nested collars, her glasses, and coiffed red hair. Imperturbable beauty. The snake beneath her was doing all the work: coiling, thrusting, spinning, shaking, making her whimper hot helpless moans beneath the woman she'd employed. The scientist's glazed eyes bespoke a deep, blissful pleasure unlike the panting of the businesswoman.

She curled up and grabbed the scientist. "Help me cum - " She murmured before shoving her tongue into the scientist's mouth. Pale on pale, with pink tongues between. She rubbed her tits against the other woman's. The bizarre prehensile monster pumped upward into her. The scientist obliged, receiving the woman's tongue. She grasped around the small of her back and slid a finger inside of her boss's ass. The blonde bucked, shoved her breasts forward, and shook as her cunt clenched. The bound creature beneath vomited forth a stream of eggs. Once, twice, three times it spasmed, and with inhuman quickness sucked back up into the scientist's womb.

The businesswoman almost fell in shock. The scientist stumbled in getting her placed back in the chair. They were both a little dazed and freaked out. The scientist got busy putting her pants back on.

"I tried to warn you - "

"Hush."

They both dressed.

"How long will it take until I have one?"

"They take some time to grow."

"How long?"

"A week?"

The businesswoman left her tits out, and placed her chin in her palm. With the other hand she stroked idly on a nipple.

"Do you even like men anymore?"

"They just... don't do it for me."

The businesswoman nodded, distractedly.

"It'll be fun to initiate Ilana."

The scientist allowed herself a tight smile.

"Yes. It's always quite fun."