 She shut her eyes, waiting for the inevitable. But after a while, the deep breathing and heaviness next to her did not pounce. It just sat there, ominously. She was relieved to get some rest, and besides she was still terrified. But after a good ten minutes again her curiosity got the best of her. Rolling over she once more opened her eyes to see what fate awaited. 

Her eyes widened.

He was in peak physical condition, not a bodybuilder yet not lanky either; he looked like one of those people you see in a male modeling magazine. Most notably of all, he was stark naked. He was also tense. His body was dripping in sweat and strained with each breath. This was probably related to his massive erection, which she could tell he had even as she was trying to not look in that general direction. For a moment she glimpsed the same pack she wore and couldn't miss the wiring and faint signs of padding.

 She looked him up and down but the moment he glanced back at her she faintly remembered she was also naked. Upon remembering this fact she quickly covered what little of her body she could with her arms, failing to find even the blanket, and turned away. To her embarrassment the very sight of him had turned her on, and the electricity coming from her pack increased subtly. Ana blushed an even deeper shade of red from the arousal and shame. 

At a loss for words, she again had no idea what to do. There were a few moments where she was tempted to punch him and fight for her life, it took some thought to realize he wasn't acting violently and that in all likelihood he was prisoner too. There was an uncomfortable silence. It took her some time to come up with something to say.

"Is it painful?" she finally asked. 

"Yes," He responded, panting a little. Even without looking she could hear his breaths coming in slight strained gasps.

"W-what is he doing to you?"

"The same thing he's doing to you," he replied. "This pack keeps me drugged and awake, and sens a an electric current to my. . . penis," he said, wincing a little at the sound of that word. Most men feel pride when referring to their manhood, especially one of his exceptional caliber. He only felt anguish. "It beeps, and it only gets worse. And it never stops, even when I sleep. . ." Ana took in what he just said, noting her similar situation. Still not knowing what to say, she decided she might as well learn anything she could. "Is he using the nanobots on you?"

"Yes. They control everything. I can't do anything without his permission. But above all, he's preventing me from orgasm. I've. . . been through a lot and haven't had relief in months."

At that very moment her own pack beeped, and she gasped as her pussy and tits were even more alive with electricity.

"He's starting on you now, but it's still mild," he said, hearing her pack sound off. If this was mild, Ana feared what normal would be.

Trying to speak clearly despite the electricity she asked again, "h-How bad does it get?"

"I thought that the longer I endured the less intense it would be. For the most part it's not so bad but right now-" he paused and sighed "-he's testing how much I can take. It's so bad I can feel the shock from my penis in my toes, I feel like I'm going mad. Unless I," he took another deep breath, "relieve myself he says my heart will fail."

Ana was horrified. "Why? Why is he doing this?"

"I've asked him and myself that question for months." He said. Ana was disheartened at the thought of spending such a long time prisoner to that madman. "It gives him sick entertainment. The pack only sends current in the absence of pleasure, and the only way to stop it is to be pleasured naturally. The level of power it shocks me with is how intense the pleasure he wants me to feel. Forgive me when I say this but right now I'd be masturbating furiously."

At this she pondered and didn't understand. If orgasm was the issue, and indeed his life was in peril, she could see the need for lenience concerning the lack of privacy. Why did he not just relieve himself now?

Seeing her confusion he replied, "You're wondering why I'm not doing that already. I...cant. Every time I try I get a huge pain, like a terrible headache..."

She remembered what happened the last time she tried fighting the doctor. "The Nanobots?" she asked.

He nodded his head. "Yes. I've tried killing him off guard but it's like they know somehow when I'm about to hurt him. I can't do anything to him or myself. I can't even touch myself without pain. He's made me do some sick things to pleasure myself. I'm wired me inside out, my prostate, my testes, my abdomen. It's a nightmare."

Ana remembered how the doctor wired her breasts and pussy as well, its constant pulsing was maddening.

"How are you supposed to masturbate without your hands?"

"He wants me to rape you,"he told her, "if I don't. . . I'm going to die."

She was taken aback by those last few words. Ana tried to assess the situation, to make sense of everything he implied. Was this some sort of trick or ploy? If it was it seemed too realistic, too well thought out. Just from his physique alone he could easily over power her, let alone the fact that she was still tired and probably couldn't put up much of a fight with the damned electricity shocking her. Still, his voice and expression displayed no hint of dishonesty. It was almost like he was warning her. But why would he? Her mind was racing as was her heartbeat.

He noticed her expression of fear "Please, don't be afraid. That's the last thing I want, alienating the only person other than him I've seen in months," he said noticing her worry. "I don't know who you are but I promise I would never, ever do anything to hurt you I just-" his pack beeped two times "rrghhhhh. . .too much," he gasped and pulled his legs to his chest. "Just. . .just please. . . Stay with me until. . ." His pack beeped yet again, and he groaned hard. Eyes closed and resigned himself to his fate.

Ana was now thrust into a situation completely unexpected, still exhausted from the earlier ordeal. She had been kidnapped as a pet by a lunatic, tortured, unable to have children, and now, as far as she knew, a complete stranger was about to die a horrific death in front of her if she didn't copulate with him. 

She didn't know what to do. Was there any way to help him other than the most obvious? If he was telling the truth would it be murder for her not to? Why would he lie to her instead of just raping her? Dozens of scenarios went through her mind. All but one of them meant she would be alone at the hands of that madman. If what he said was true, he could potentially be the only friendly person she would see for months, maybe even years.

The electricity constantly pulsing in her breasts and pussy didn't make thinking any easier either. Both their machines beeped, and she gasped as he muffled a yell. He stifled a shout began to show signs hyperventilation. 

She could just feel that time was running out for him. She needed to make a decision.

-------

Two figures sat on a white bed in a white room: A woman and man, both naked. The man was pulling his legs to his chest and was breathing fast. And for a few minutes that's the way it was. This image was at last interrupted by the woman. She turned her head to him and placed her hand on his chest. He turned his head to look at her, his eyes showed a soft expression of pain which was reflected on her sympathetic look. She slowly pushed him to lay down to the bed. Taken by surprised, as her gentle hand was the first good human contact he had in far too long, he couldn't take his eyes away from hers. She looked back. They sat there staring at each other for a while and he realized what she was doing. 

"T-t-thank y-you," he said in between gasps.

She awkwardly smiled back at him. She moved her face close to his and gave him a short kiss, a little awkward from inexperience, but he couldn't tell the difference. It relaxed him a little and he stopped tensing. She did it a few more times and he responded. Soon there were longer, slower kisses and each opened their mouths just a bit more. In a short while their lips locked and they were beginning to hesitantly probe each other with their tongues. He stopped hugging himself and wrap his arms around her.

He was shivering badly, a combination of arousal and electricity. Still making out, she slowly moved her hand downward from his solid chest, past his stomach, over his abdomen -- subconsciously noting his solid abs- and just barely felt the tip of the hot, solider organ. Determined to go through with what she decided, she slid her hand further and wrapped it around his manhood. To her surprise it turned her on, feeling the girth and warmth of his throbbing member in her palm.

Lips still locked, she slowly she moved her hands up and down his shaft, testing it, feeling it. He wasn't content to sitting still and his hands moved and began to rub her ass. At that moment her pack beeped and she inhaled a mouthful of his breath, both of which turned her on yet even more. She cursed her body for being so susceptible to the slightest stimuli. 

Ana wasn't really experienced at hand jobs, the only time she ever sex was during a regretful drunk ordeal which she didn't even remember. Whoever it was did all the work. He on the other hand could care less, as his sexual experience was no greater. 

The best part about it was, the power was dying down. The electricity was being replaced by the heavenly touch of her soft hands. He was ecstatic with joy.

The hand job she was doing gave them a bit of respite, but inevitably their machines pulsed again and sent yet another wave of and electricity, and unbeknownst to them, sensitivity enhancer drugs. It got to the point they had to stop kissing.

"If you don't want to . . . go further . . . it's fine. Just please don't st-"

She softly hushed him as she moved back and lowered her head. As his rigid staff stared her in the face she took a good look at it, seeing every detail. With determination, she put her lips to it and slowly wrapped around the head of his manhood. She paused, getting accustomed to the alien taste. Not able to go that far yet she decided to get used to the taste and move tongue around it. He groaned in absolute delight as she began a slow up and down motion, shallowly bringing the head back as far as was comfortable while playing around with her tongue.

Ana may have been a loner but she had the common sense to figure out that blow jobs were better when deeper. She went far as one could go without upsetting her gag reflex. Trying her best she probed his cock deeper and deeper into her throat, doing extraordinarily well for a beginner. Perhaps she was just one of those people who are good at things without ever even trying.

Finally she reached as far as her throat allowed, and he could feel the head of his penis resting on something. Eyes tearing, she fought back the urge to vomit and stood still, breathing through her nose. The electricity proved to be a very good distraction from such discomforts. When she paused enough to sufficiently give control over her gag reflex, she slowly began a back and forth motion. It became much easier after a few minutes.

He moaned again as he was engulfed in her warm throat. It was still a very inexperienced blowjob but he couldn't tell. This was due to the fact that he was, somewhat, a virgin too. He did not consider the horrible experiments the doctor forced upon him as sex. Either it was the Doctors preference or pure coincidence, but neither of them were sexually savvy. They knew not of each other's experience, or lack thereof.

Even though he felt astonishingly good, he was actually confused; before he had been kidnapped, he used to masturbate somewhat frequently. During all those times he had never felt this good, and due to his predicament he relaxed himself for a quick cum. Yet he still had not. Ironically, he always worried about being too premature. What he thought would be a quick release was now taking a lot longer. 

She sucked him as best as she could, still moving her tongue around. There was a strange faint hint of pleasure Ana felt from his dick rubbing against her mouth and tongue. His machine had stopped beeping and he was in euphoria as he felt the current die down, being replaced by the divine sensation of her throat; her machine, however, continued to beep. Her pussy was leaking, her breasts were tingling, and her exposed nipples and clit were hot with current. She was very aroused, more than she had ever been in her life. The most obvious solution stared her in the face, but she had never masturbated in front of anyone. Still, his cock was stuffing her mouth so she thought she might as well. 

The first thing she tried to do was touch herself. It was something she rarely did, but the moment her fingers came in contact with her pussy she felt an immediate painful jab in her head. She stopped moving. It wasn't nearly as bad as when she tried punching the doctor, but enough for her to pull her hand away in an instant. Again she tried and again with contact came pain and she let out a yelp, muffled by his cock.

"Don't do that," he warned her without moving his head, knowing what she was trying to do. "He won't let you" he said. 

He was watching her? With just a hint of panic, Ana almost pulled out completely. 

"I'm sorry. I guess I should've told you. But he's always watching us. . ."

Her eyes looked around for cameras, seeing nothing but white walls and ceiling. But her worry was short-lived as it was quickly overpowered by arousal, so she moved for her breast. Again, she felt a brief but intense migraine. His dick still in her mouth, she mumbled something under her breath in frustration. Before she could hurt herself again he moved his hands away from rubbing her ass and now began to fondle her. This time she yelped again but out of intense pleasure. Somehow, the drugs had made her hypersensitive to touch, yet the wires and pads felt like they weren't there. With each rub, each gentle squeeze, he altered the flow of electricity and it was as if his very fingers were electric. She gave out long muffled moans as she continued sucking him.

Yet it still wasn't enough.

So they continued. They were both strangers who hadn't even exchanged names and her she was, fucking him with her throat as he massaged her breasts. They did this for a good amount of time. She thought they could do this and it would be enough, but she was wrong. He hand't shown the faintest hints of cumming. Somehow her pack continued to bring her to deeper levels of pleasure and she could feel the uncomfortable pleasure pulsing again. Out of ideas and soon aching with the electricity flowing through her she got the message and took to the most logical step. She slowly slid his cock out of her mouth, and his still solid member was slimed with her saliva. 

-------

She moved over him as she took on a cowgirl position -if she knew that it was called that- and placed her hands on his chest as she spread her legs. With her right hand she guided his cock, now well lubricated with her saliva. As her first time was during a drunken stupor of which she could not remember -which further contributed to her social isolation and sexual obliviousness- this would actually be her first time feeling sex. 

She slowly slid down and he let out a groan of pure joy as she let out an involuntary squeal as she definitely felt it. The sound her voice made was something she never heard before. It was a high pitched, soft voice that she never knew she was capable of. It caused her to blush in even more embarrassment. The feeling of his penis inside her was like the speculum earlier, only made of stiff flesh, was much bigger, and its size left her with an incredible feeling of being full. She could almost feel him throbbing inside her, either that or it was the electricity pulsing in both of them. There was slight pain, so she stood still and they sat there merged as one. The current died down and they had a moments rest.

"It feels amazing inside you," he said. She gave a tiny smile.

They stood there for a while in silence, only their deep breathing permeated the silence of the room. Her hands were on his chest and she supported herself as she looked down at him. Her long hair dangled around their faces, creating a -somewhat false- sense of privacy. They were staring at each other again.

"My name is Rick," he told her.

"Ana," she replied.

When the pain died down the machines beeped again and the current began to build. She felt like she could move up and down just a little, so she did. To her relief it felt good to move which also made the pulse die down. 

Rick couldn't help but groan even more. For him it was the first true pleasure he had felt in a long time. Not as an involuntary byproduct from some horrible experiment, but true pure bliss. They went on like this, moving their hips together, at their own pace. Ana taking a gentle up and down motion, hoping he would cum soon.

To their chagrin though, he did not and their machines soon beeped again forcing them to pick up the pace, just a little bit. Ana's breast began to jiggle as she bobbed up and down, somewhat faster than she wanted to. The current through her breasts was now too strong and she instinctively moved her hands to fondle herself, but paused and realizing what would inevitably happen. Rick on the other hand knew exactly what to do and took back to fondling her.

A while longer and her arms grew tired from supporting her and she was not confident enough to sit straight and take on a full cowboy position. She gently bent her arms decided to lay her body on him. Rick could feel her soft bosom pressing against him, and Ana felt her breasts resting on his firm chest and pecks. She could feel each breath of his squeezing her boobs and moving her body up and down. The more she of felt him, the more she was turned on by his sheer physique. By leaning over her clit was now being stimulated during each thrust. This made her moan ever so slightly and very red in the face.

Her breast being rubbed against his chest felt that same electric touch her clit had, deep inside her breast the wires were moved around and her nipples were tickled with different intensities. He too still felt some current all around and inside him. His prostate received no rest, and his balls were being tickled constantly. The only way to relieve the current was to go just a bit quicker. With each thrust they couldn't help but let out more embarrassing moans and grunts. She leaned back a little and they began to kiss again to try to muffle their moans, to some degree.

With yet another beep he too began to thrust. It felt rushed and something awful. Sex is supposed to be at a tempo they should decide, to be done at their own pace. It was not some exercise determined by an infernal machine. At the speed they soon were going, and the pleasure they both were feeling, the buildup was too fast with no time for foreplay. Their packs beeped, forcing them to go faster yet again. 

Rick did his best to relax and cum but despite his efforts nothing he did would make either of them climax. Ana needed to take deeper breaths just to keep up the pace, and eventually they stopped making out. Ana again rested her head on his shoulders, letting out tiny cries with each thrust. By then an hour had passed, and Ana was very tired, but the moment she slowed down even a bit the machines sent intolerable pleasure. Rick had to act quickly. He placed his hands on her ass and took over thrusting himself, Ana unable to do otherwise laid back allowed him to do so. 

Soon they were both taking turns, when one grew tired the other had take over or else their machines send them into an electric hell. All intimacy was slowly dropped, no more emotion, just pure sex. They were slaves to the packs on their belts and were building up to something just beyond their reach. The packs barely gave them enough time to try a different position, with what limited sexual knowledge they had, before it would go back to full strength.
