 The young man carefully hammered away at the sandstone bricks. The desert sun had set, and the area was incredibly cold. He stood atop a shifting dune, where the ever-changing sands had exposed a few square meters of sandstone brick, so old as to have nearly fallen apart. Months of research had lead him to this place, and it had still been an almost incredible chance to simply be able to find these signs. Finally, the brick fell through, falling a dozen feet and smashing against an indistinct floor.

A small light spell illuminated the room, revealing elegant tapestries, and a small drift of sand. Incredible. He'd been right about the preservation of the city, the sand merely covering it over, with few leaks. He'd have to replace the block, but for now, exploration was called for. The rope he carried in his pack fell into the chamber, secured outside to one of the other bricks. He slowly slung himself over the edge, and lowered himself.

He was hardly the most athletic person, but he was close enough. The young man had spent his last few years in the academy, and while their exercise programs were less than robust, he was at least in good enough shape to shimmy his way down. His height was something of a problem, the young man well aware of the rude comments that so often would be passed. But it didn't matter, not really. He had the magic. And when he found the secrets of this place, it'd matter even less, because he'd be able to put them in their place.

He never even saw the mummy's blow coming.

—

He slowly opened his eyes. His head stung a little still, though not as much as he'd expected. He looked down over himself slowly. The room was lit, gently, but he couldn't tell what was creating the light- perhaps some enchantment. He was in the most comfortable bed he'd ever been in, in a room where every inch of the floor had been covered in colorful silk pillows, and his clothing had been changed. This alone would be rather alarming, but the clothing he had been changed into was... Degrading, probably, would be the word.

A loose collar hung around his neck, just slightly too narrow to fit over his head. It was surprisingly heavy, and cold against his skin. The sudden realization made him stare- It was more gold than he had ever seen in his life, and the thing was being used as an accessory, a small lock holding it shut. He looked down over his body. A veil was hanging over his face, so sheer and diaphanous that it was almost transparent, but tinted a light aquamarine color. He stared down at his body slowly, taking in every degrading detail.

Around his top was a vest, of the same aquamarine fabric, denser panels of the material covering his chest, offering some limited concealment for his nipples. Two long, diaphanous sleeves flowed around his arms, making his already creamy, unmasculine skin looking even more obviously girly. He could see, in his stomach, a delicate diamond-cut sapphire planted in his bellybutton, on a stud, glittering nicely in the low light. Numerous delicate rings were placed on his fingers, some studded with gems, of half a dozen different precious metals, from silver to gold to aluminum, and each glowing curiously. He could sense quite a magical presence in each of them, but the magic was strange, and unfamiliar to him.

His legs were similarly clad, a silky thong giving his ass greater definition. He stopped for a moment, and stared, standing, looking down his back. He knew he'd been wearing a robe long enough that he'd not checked himself in a while, but surely he couldn't be that curvy. The pants that had been placed on him, worn over the thong, were as sheer as his top, see-through, and gave a view of his legs. He wished, not for the first time, that he was not quite so painfully hairless, and his skin not quite so silky smooth. He had to admit, though, that he was pulling the outfit off far better than he expected.

"Ah, husband. You have awoken." A firm, authoritative voice sounded from the doorway. There, standing tall, wearing a surprisingly elegant, well-pressed cotton pair of pants, and a tight top, stood a woman. Of course, she was not a normal woman, as most normal women do not have the ears, paws, feet, and tail of a jackal, nor a rather distressingly large bulge when her groin has been exposed and her modesty is preserved only by an excessively tight looking thong. She took out an elegant stylus, and painted a few symbols onto the sheet of paper in her other hand, her eyes examining him.

He tried to grapple with a few different questions at once, before settling on the most throbbing and forward issue. "You have a penis." He stated. The Anubis girl nodded, as she stepped closer. "Of course, you'll want to inspect it."

She moved quite a lot faster than he had expected. Abruptly, her thong was down, and the jackal girl's shaft was pressed to his face. He had heard tales about the rank smell of some monster girls, the bestial scent of their bodies musky and bitter, and he tried to hold his breath, but a little waft of it tickled his nostrils, and he found himself curious, unable to resist the temptation to smell, just to see how bad it was.

And it smelled good. The scent was warm, somewhat feminine, with just a hint of desert flowers and spice, the scent intriguing, begging for another, deeper scent. He leaned in, sniffing once more, as though testing, just to see if there was more that he could find.

It was when his nose gently pressed into the side of the shaft, and the Anubis let out a heated moan, that he came back to his senses. He jerked his face back, looking up. Her face was as stern and stoic as before, but a slight flush colored her cheeks. "I can see that you approve of the scent. I can assure you that the taste is similarly pleasant. I have a selection of lubricants and oils to aid in training you to appreciate anal stimulation."

He stared. "Wait a second, I haven't agreed to be your husband, either! And anal- That's disgusting! You know how dirty that is?"

The Anubis girl frowned. "Surely you wouldn't accuse me of forgetting proper hygiene. I've ensured that you are very thoroughly cleaned; I can promise that the experience will be satisfying and hygienic for both of us." She seized his hands in both firm, strong paws, and a smile spread across her features, feral and wolfish. "And as for the matter of agreement, I think I'll be able to extract that from you momentarily." Her eyes flashed, and suddenly, his skin felt dangerously exposed.

—

The paws slid under his top. The anubis' touch was bearable, mostly, when the silk was between him and her, but as her hands dragged over his skin, he found himself as moldable as clay. She pushed him, down onto his hands and knees, forcing him onto all fours, her paws landing on top of his, the soft, fluffy digits squeezing his with far more care and skill than the clumsy paws should've been capable of. Her hips pressed into his, dragging the thong down with inhumanly dexterous movements, as she laughed. "Now, while we are making love, you are to only call me Master, Alpha, or Sir." She gave another wolfish grin. "You will be termed Bitch, Omega, or Mate, depending on my desire to humiliate, tease, or excite you." "Do you usually hold a meeting as foreplay?" he asked, his face flushed, and she sharply thrust her hips into his, making him squawk at the sudden heat and pressure of the thing, felt clearly even through the thong. "Speak when spoken to, Omega~"

Her hand lifted from his, and he felt something intensely hot press against his delicate, overly sensitive skin. Oil poured over his lower back, dripping between his legs, and leaving him feeling slippery and strange, the oil slowly painting over his shaft. It was cold, at first, but it warmed quickly against his skin, and soothed, making him relax.

Thinking back, he wasn't sure when the moment of penetration had been. He'd expected sudden, shocking, tearing pain, but instead, he was abruptly aware of a certain... satisfaction. As though he had been hungry, and had not realized, and had just eaten, or as though he had been missing something without realizing it. He felt himself growing erect as something pressed inside of him, filling him, and a long, slow, whorish moan escaped his throat before he could clamp one hand over his mouth, his cheeks blazing, his eyes tearing up with embarrassment, only for her to kiss his throat. "Come now. There is no shame to it, Mate. This is the way of my people. You look quite refined."

He bite his lip for a moment, and squirmed, feeling his cock twitch as the shaft inside of him pressed against something intensely sensitive, making him gasp, a little precum dripping out of him. As he regained his composure, he shot back a response. "Well... Sir... Most of the time, my people think of this as quite shameful...!"

He could feel her hips shake from side to side, and looked over his shoulder. Her tail was wagging from side to side furiously, a grin on her face. "Shameful? And you get so erect from this? Oh, that is very shameful, Bitch." She smiled, as she gently thrust her hips forward as he watched, and he felt another moan escape from his lips, as she watched with an excited expression, her fingertips drifting up to his chest, squeezing him gently, before drifting back down. "Yes~<3 That's the expression I want to see on my husband's face~<3 Shame mixed with pleasure~<3 You look good like this, husband..." she growled, woofing excitedly, her face growing more heated.

He felt a bright flush filling his face, and he gritted his teeth, looking downwards. The feeling was too intense, looking her in the eye as she penetrated him, and it was feeling too good. He had to concentrate. He couldn't let him do this to him, he couldn't let her...

The third moan was accompanied by a spasm. He felt himself clenching, as that shaft buried inside of him, the jackal girl letting out a howl of pleasure. Her fingers twined with him, and their voices merged, and he felt his heart shudder in his chest. Heat was pouring into him, as the shaft pulsed and thrust into him, and he could feel every throb and squirt, the heat pouring into his belly, making him feel heavy and overfull, as the jackal girl nuzzled into his cheek affectionately, her tail wagging furiously. "Mmmm, Mate, you're so warm and tight, and without even fitting my knot in you!" He flushed, and leaned back against the girl's warm frame.

"Wait... knot? ... Master?"

—

The warm bath was soothing. He sighed as he lay in the hot waters, feeling them steam around him. The jackal girl sat in his lap, grinning. She was several inches taller than him, and he was taking the time to examine her body, as she shifted her hips lightly, her clothing piled at the edge of the bath, along with his. She smiled down at him, the sternness melting away from her face for a moment, as though warmed by his obedience, and he felt a flush go through his cheeks as she tugged on the collar with the leash in her hand. "Now, when you are penetrating me, you may call me Lover, Sweetie, and Honey. I will likewise call you Handsome, Sugar, and Huggy-kins."

He flushed. "You've got to be kidding me... Sweetie."Her grin spread wide, and her tail wagged, kicking up little waves as she pressed closer against his body. He felt her hips slip down, and her ass wrapped around his shaft. Even with only the little oil remaining that had covered his shaft, she took him inside of her body instantly. The tightness was inhuman, muscles coiling around his shaft, as the smile split her face, licking her lips, slowly pushing her hips down onto the shaft. It coiled and pulled him in, and she smiled with satisfaction.

"It's considered somewhat shameful for a wife to pleasure her husband this way, but, I'll make an exception for you, Sugar." She smiled, as she clenched herself around the shaft. He looked into her warm brown eyes, her tongue hanging out of her mouth. Her skin was crisp and darkened by the sun, the same warm shade as her eyes, her hair pitch black and hanging messily around her head now. She giggled softly, as she saw the expression on his face. "Do you like it, Handsome~?"

He smiled. "Y-yes... Lover." He smiled softly, and she leaned in close. Her kisses were doggish, her tongue sliding into his mouth, lapping at the inside of his mouth, her bosom pressed against him, and her cock, pushed into his stomach, as she lightly washed the inside of his mouth with her agile tongue. She barely moved, her hips rocking back and forth only gently, as the muscles inside of her did the rest of the work, her expression heated and cooing, as she slowly rained kisses up and down his throat. It felt good, soothing, calm, and he could almost ignore the feeling of the bulbous knot pressed against him that the jackal girl had casually dismissed as 'A concern for another day'. He slowly closed his eyes, and let out a sigh, as he felt her ass tighten, and without any apparent effort on her part, extracted another orgasm from his body, her hips twisting and tightening pleasantly.

He wasn't certain how willing he would be to stay here. It felt good, but there were important things he had to do. He wasn't certain if he could talk her into leaving, or if he would have to escape, but either way... He sighed, and opened his mouth. "H-Honey." He said softly, frowning. "While this is... pleasant, I can't just stay here. I had to explore this place, and find out more about it! There's supposed to be a great library here, with incredible secrets!"

She paused for a moment, her head tilted, and then grinned. "Aaaah, perfect! I'd been searching for a good way to motivate you. Alright, then... I'll let you explore this place. However, each morning, I will begin stalking you! When I catch you and wear down your resistance, I'll bring you back here, and you must spend the rest of the day being properly trained!" She gave him a grin. "I'd been trying to figure out the right way to motivate you!"

He stared for a moment, and felt her ass tighten, dragging his mental train off the rails for nearly a minute, before he could recover himself. "H-How big is the city...?" he asked, flushing. She gave him an easy smile. "Oh, it covered a few dozen square miles. The library's pretty big, though! I'm sure you'll find it after a few months of training!" She grinned, and tightened again, and he felt himself drift away from his thoughts, as her tongue slid into his mouth, her sweet saliva dripping down his throat as she squeezed herself against him, and he stopped worrying about it for the moment. There was plenty of time tomorrow to try to find the library.

"Alright, Sweetie."