 She gasped and awoke. 

Dripping in sweat, she looked around and found herself in a white room with no windows and no doors. Other than the queen sized white bed, there was nothing else. Ana Brenner had no idea what was going on but one thing was certain, this was not where she was supposed to be.

Trying to gather her thoughts she froze as a door sized section of the wall opened. It was only then she came under the realization that she was naked. Panicking, she hastily covered herself with a blanket. 

He walked in. Sleek black hair combed down, he wore a white lab coat and gazed at her behind an expressionless face with dark eyes that seemed to look into her very soul. His stare seemed to stop time, with her rapid heartbeat at her throat being the only proof otherwise.

He smiled, and she was afraid.

It was the gentle, subtle kind of smile; the kind that a hyena gives to its prey or the ones that psychopaths did for the photos that made them famous.

He opened his mouth to speak: 

"Welcome. Do you have any questions?" he asked, in a voice with no discernible accent.

What a thing to ask! She was naked in a room with no windows and doors and in front of her stood a complete stranger in a lab coat. Of course she had questions! A million questions! 

"If you don't have any questions," he said, "I need you to stand up and follow me."

Still stunned, she hesitated but finally realized the most obvious question. 

"Where am I?" she asked.

"Area 112, in the Mohave desert, coordinates 35 51 08.53N 116 29 44.62W elevation 500 ft. Sector IV, subsector 5, room 312," he said in a matter of fact attitude.

It was gibberish to her, and though he had a charming voice his speech was awkward as though he had very little human contact. 

"I don't understand. Who are you? What am I doing here? What's going on? Why am I naked?"

He answered her barrage of inquiries with a barrage of answers.

"To your first question, I am Dr. Luke Grant. Chief scientist of the Experimental Weapons and Warfare Division. I make super weapons and advanced technologies for the government and I'm the best at what I do."

All she comprehended were the words doctor and government. "We're. . . in a military base?" She asked.

"Please, one question at a time. But yes, we are indeed in a military facility. To your second question, in exchange for absolute loyalty, and being sworn to never leave this facility, I am given the luxury of choosing several individuals from the general population, whom then become my personal pets. It's part of our agreement."

She froze. Did she hear right? His personal pet?

"To your third question, you have been drugged, abducted, and an alibi of your death has now been given to any you knew on the outside world. You are now my pet I've come here to take you to the lab so we can begin today's project. That answers your fourth question; today's experiment, and most likely all other moments you will be spending as my pet, require that you do not wear any clothing. Do you have any more questions or can we begin?" he repeated nonchalantly.

Again she was stunned, and tried to take in everything he said. The ramifications of the situation finally dawned upon her. 

"Experimented on? Your pet? This must be a mistake. I'm not supposed to be here!"

"Yes, you will be experimented on. You are indeed my pet. I am a nihilist, so I do not believe in the notions of 'right' or 'wrong'. I am indeed a medically diagnosed sadist. Finally, I am not allowed let you leave this facility alive. Any more questions?"

"This man is crazy." she thought. Whatever happened she needed to leave, now. How would she do it? Could she outrun him? Hundreds of questions and scenarios played themselves out in her head. In the meantime there was a silence. He asked again. "Anymore questions? If not, please follow me to the labora-"

Midway through the last word she grabbed the sheets, jumped up and ran around him and sprinted through the door-

Where she stopped to a dead end. It led to nothing, just 3 walls, a floor and ceiling. She turned around, still covering herself with the sheets, to see him staring at her.

"Ah good, you've taken the initiative and ran into the elevator. If you keep doing that I promise to make your stay as comfortable as I can."

"Elevator?" she thought. There were no buttons, no indication of anything other than a few walls. He walked toward her, calmly with that same unnerving smile. Out of options, she clenched her fist and prepared to fight. She wouldn't go down without one.

Just as she was about to awkwardly lunge at him while holding the sheets, a searing pain shot through her head. It was like her brain was caught in a vice. She let go of her covering grabbed at her head and fell to the ground, convulsing. He stood over her.

"Terribly sorry for that," he said calmly as she gritted her teeth, "any time a pet decides to attack or show violence, a wave of pain is sent directly to the brain."

He stood over her as she rolled on the floor and spoke, "It works similarly to a dog collar. I will explain how during today's session."

Little did she hear of what he said, the pain drowned out all other thought. But as quick as it arrived it was gone, leaving not even a trace. Only her memory served as a reminder of it. 

Ana laid on the floor, not knowing what to do. "Today's session," was all she heard but it was such an ominous phrase to follow such a mind shattering headache and she was filled her with fear. 

The doctor moved toward her looked down.

"If you are still reeling from the pain, I will summon some guards to carry you to the lab. But if you'd like to walk there on your own, feel free to stand up."

In fear and panic Ana again covered herself with the sheets, curled up on the floor in a fetal position, and shut her eyes, hoping it was all a bad dream. The doctor looked up and nodded his head, as though a camera were viewing him. The door closed for a few seconds and opened again. Had she not shut her she would have seen two soldiers in uniform walk in. 

Eyes shut Ana felt a pair of steel like grips lift her of the ground. They ripped the sheets from her hands and could feel herself moving as they held her by her arms. 

-----------

She could feel herself being moved through corridors, taking turns, and going through doors and elevators. Finally she was set down on a strange chair, in which her legs were rested upon metal extensions. 

It was the kind of chair one would see a gynecologist use on patients. Her arms were bound behind her back and soon she felt straps everywhere: straps for her arms, her stomach, her head, and to her fear, legs.

The only things she was able to move were the hands behind her back and her toes. Unable to resist, she opened her eyes to find herself completely bound to the gynecologist chair. She looked about, and soon wished she hadn't.

Table upon table of stainless steel instruments lined the walls, numerous machines with wires on wheels, containers with hoses and pipes, and a huge television monitor directly above her.

"No, no, no, no," she repeatedly whispered, "this can't be real."

She closed her eyes again, hoping to wake up this time. Instead she heard steps and felt her legs being slowly splayed apart by the automated chair, which also pivoted backward brining her lower torso up and her upper torso down. Light shone in her eyes and she looked again to see a television monitor. 

The screen was divided into sections. There were side views and top down views of her naked body. One showed her face. Two in particular were up-close views of her vagina and anus. After seeing the last two she instinctively tried to shut her legs or use her arms, all in vain. He was going to show her everything. There were other parts on the screen left black and she feared what it meant.

"Please, stop this," she whimpered, but the doctor failed to hear or ignored her request. Her face was turning red from embarrassment. Ana had always been shy, almost to the point of being a loner. Though she was not a virgin, she had never even visited a gynecologist before. The thought of being violated by a complete stranger, all the while being recorded, was too much. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she closed her eyes.

The chair stopped just when she began to ache from her legs being spread and her body was slightly tilted forward. Soon the man turned around and walked toward her.

"Ana? I need you to open your eyes. Remember what happened earlier?"

Fearing the pain, she forced her eyelids open to see the doctor staring down at her. 

"Okay, Ana, before we will begin today's session I'd like to say that there are no secrets in this facility. Throughout today's session I will be explaining the tools and methods I use. Feel free to ask questions unless otherwise told to remain silent. The monitor will also show you my work, so pay attention. If you do not I will be forced to make you look. "

Just as he finished speaking an EKG line came to life on the screen; along with other numbers such as breath rate and blood pressure.

He bent down and examined her exposed privates. She had never shaved before, so a decent patch of soft hair had formed. He felt her hair with his fingers.

"You have an average sized patch of pubic hair, consistent with women who do not shave." 

Her face flushed a deeper shade of red and looked away as her heart beat quickened. 

"Ana, remember to look at the monitor at all times, you would not enjoy me forcing you to do so." 

She looked at the monitor, remembering the searing pain. She could see everything, his hands tussling the little patch of hair she had.

"This will interfere with my work. Conventional methods would be the use of razor and shaving cream, but even then microscopic hair roots would remain. We'll need to have it removed thoroughly." 

He walked away went to a table and Ana could not see what he was getting, all she could hear was metal instruments moving about. The doctor returned with a tube of black liquid.

"This vial contains highly advanced nanobots, designed by me," he said as he swirled the tube. 

"Amazing creatures. I can't even begin to list their uses. They're the pinnacle of my creations and what got me this position in the first place. As you can see I have not attached any pads nor wires to you, but the nanobots already implanted in your body send that information directly to the machine."

"What!" she exclaimed. "They're inside me?" 

What other horrible things had he done while she was asleep?

"Oh, I'm sorry, I failed to mention that. I had them inserted into you while you were unconscious. But don't worry I never laid a finger on you. I abhor sexual exploitation of the unaware. That's why I ensure my pets know exactly what is happening with full consciousness. As I've said before, the nanobots serve and infinite number of uses, but for now we will use them to remove all hair follicles from your pubic region," he said, taking a drop from the vial and spreading it on her.

He looked up and nodded his head again. Instantly she felt an intense itching sensation around her privates . She writhed and strained against the straps trying desperately to scratch, to relieve the burning itch somehow. Her heartbeat raced and her breath quickened, the EKG echoing this. On the monitor her hair slowly seemed to vanish into thin air.

"Ana, your heart beat is racing. Tell me how you feel, and calm yourself."

"Aaaahhh," she moaned.

"Ana, this is your second warning. I was hoping you would be cooperative by now, do not force my hand."

Realizing she was defeated, she spoke between gasps. "It. . .itches. It itches a lot. Take them off!" she yelled.

"Refrain from requests for the session to end, it will end when I wish it too. No more warnings Ana, from now on the only thing I want you to tell me is the sensations you feel and any questions pertaining to today's session," he coldly demanded.

Clenching her fists, it took effort for her not to shut her eyes from the burning itch and she forced herself look at the monitor. It was like a million fire ants had been let loose upon her most vulnerable parts. Finally it ended, she saw that her pubic hair was now gone. Nothing was left but smooth, clean skin. She hadn't been like this in years!

She sighed, feeling relieved and her heart rate slowed. 

"Good, now we will move on today's session. We will start with a hysteroscopy and an examination the uterus and the ovaries."

He walked away leaving Ana to contemplate what would do next. He returned pushing a moving table with many different devices and held out one in front of her heart eyes widened.

"W-what is that?" she asked.

"This is a speculum. It spreads apart the vagina for ease of access." 

Ana had heard of it but never seen it in person, much less had one used on her. It was slimy with lubricant and shone in the bright light. As she saw his hands come close and felt his gloved fingers touching her heart raced and the EKG reflected this.

"I'm scared. Please don't put it inside me!" she begged as her heart beat quickened.

"Calm down Ana, I'm not going to hurt you. Take deep breaths." 

He spread her labia with his hand and with the other he pushed in the speculum in a single slow motion. Her most private place was now filled and her face blushed an even deeper shade. The doctor did a few adjustments and Ana felt herself being stretched and heard a clicking noise. He released his hands and the metal device was lodged inside her. From the monitor she could see her inside herself for the first time; her entire inner vagina was displayed all the way back to her cervix. The speculum appeared to have some sort of lighting feature, which shone her insides. 

Next he took from the table a pair of forceps and showed it to her. 

"This is a tenaculum, I will use this to get a grip on your cervix so I can insert the probe." 

The doctor obstructed the view of the camera but she could hear metal scrape against metal and by the time he gripped her cervix Ana was already shivering in fear and sweating profusely. The EKG was beating rapidly again, and her breath rate went up as well. She wished to be anywhere else but there. The sensation of her cervix deep within her being gripped and pulled was completely alien and terrified her.

"Breathe Ana, focus on the monitor and tell me how you feel."

"It. . .feels weird. Like something is pulling me deep inside," she answered between breaths.

Next he took a long swab and dabbed it in more of the black substance. Ana could see and feel him swathing her cervix with it. 

"These nanobots are my finest creation; they can sterilize whatever area I apply them to. I was a bit forgetful, I was supposed to do this first but they have the uncanny ability to eradicate bacterium at an astonishing rate." 

Fearing a repetition of before, Ana was relieved to find there was no immediate itching.

The doctor left again and came back with what seemed to be a joystick with a metal wire sticking out. Ana's eyes widened as she stared at the thing. He pulled out this wire from the joystick, which seemed to contain more length of it. Pressing a button another section of the monitor came to life, revealing a tiny camera at the head of the wire.

"This is an experimental fiber optic endoscope; it will allow me to get a view of your uterus through a camera inserted at the tip. Though it looks like a normal fiber optic wire it is actually composed of thousands of nano-bots, each working in synchronization. This lets it expand and shrink in diameter." 

He fed it through the speculum and she could see through the monitor viewing her pussy that the wire was actually shrinking, if only subtly. Then he pressed it against her cervix and slid it through in one gentle motion. The previous shrinking did nothing, however, to relieve the intense cramping now coming from her cervix.

"Ughhhh," she moaned.

"How does it feel?" he asked.

She spoke in pained gasps, "It's sore! It's cramping!"

Now the camera panned on a hollow fleshy compartment, the most sacred of all sacred to a woman: her womb. The pressure slowly dulled from intense to mild. 

"You should be glad, the conventional method would be to dilate your cervix and insert a much larger probe and this one is relatively thin."

The doctor then released the wire and took control of the joystick. 

"Everything seems to be in order. You have not given birth nor have had any abortions or surgery. Now I will move to the next phase. Ovum extraction and sterilization."

"What! Sterilization?" she yelled and strained against her bonds. Her heart fell as she her mind wrapped itself around those words.

"I don't want to be sterilized! I want to be a mother! I'm going find a husband and raise a family! Don't!" she frantically responded. She broke her gaze at the screen and looked at his bleak, unfathomable eyes.

"Those things are already beyond your reach, dear girl. But don't worry. I will not destroy all your eggs. I will extract some and have them placed in stasis. Later at an appropriate time I will allow you offspring. In the meantime, you will need to be sterile to prevent unintended pregnancy during later experiments." he said. 

"Please, don't do this! I'm begging you!" 

Her heart rate skyrocketed, she was taking quick breaths and she retched from fear.

"Calm down Ana, this will be over soon. Focus."

He moved the joystick and camera showed the probe moving to a small hole in the wall of her womb.

" Before I probe the ovaries, let me make an offer. Though I don't believe in anesthetic, previous pets have shown that pleasure is highly effective at making pain tolerable. If at any time you would like such stimulation, feel free to ask."

Pleasure her? Never. That would be too much. It was already enough that her legs spread and her naked body being toyed with by a stranger, not even mentioning the fact that he was going to neuter her. She wanted to keep what little dignity she had left. As he moved the joystick forward Ana felt an intense cramping that quickly turned to pain.

"ughh, Ughhhh, UGhhh, UGHHHHHH," Ana groaned as each centimeter of the thing stretched the almost microscopic fallopian sphincter.

Her hands clenched and unclenched behind her back and her toes curled, the only two parts of her body she could really move. She gritted her teeth and moaned. It was too much, she wanted to close her eyes and look away. But no matter how hard she tried she couldn't, her eyelids would not respond to her commands, other than the occasional blink. She couldn't even look away from the damned screen.

"I can't. . .shut my eyes!" 

"I told you Ana, I would resort to forcing your attention. The nanobots prevent your eyes from shutting, and they will make you focus on the screen." 

On the monitor the probe moved down a tunnel of flesh, and the pain was unbearable. The probe then reached a light grey point at the end of the tunnel. 

"Now I will shrink the probe once more and enter the ovary."

The camera seemed to focus closer and the grey point grew larger until it went through. Then a white hot needle was jammed in Ana's stomach. She shrieked and squirmed with increased vigor, straining against the bonds till her face turned red. Her body dripped with sweat, her hands balled into a fist.

"PULL IT OUT, IT HURTS! PLEASE! IT HURTS!"

By now she was screaming frantically.

"I will not Ana, calm down I'm not causing any damage," he said as she screeched, "all I can do is offer distraction."

Too much in pain to think, she was desperate. 

"ANYTHING! DO ANYTHING! I'M BEGGING YOU!" she yelled.

Calmly the doctor put down the joystick and with his expert fingers he began rubbing her clit. Ana tensed even more at first, but stopped screeching and relaxed a little. The pain was still intolerable, but his fingers felt so good. It was the first good thing she felt during this whole ordeal. She was willing for anything to distract the pain.
