 Jill wiggled to a more comfortable position on the bed, punching up the pillow tucked under chest to keep her propped over the keyboard in front of her. This was a good group, and she didn't want to misskey and make her warrior character do something stupid. Jim's character, Ardreno, was taking a few hits before Grundo, the troll that was main tank managed to pull aggro from him. These new winter wolves were no easy kills, but this group was doing well so far, and the experience was moving nicely, even for their higher level characters. Shinelle might even reach 47 today, if they kept playing. 

She jumped at Jim's touch on her thigh. Ardreno's target was dead and he was auto-fighting now, leaving Jim's hands free to wander. "Jim! Stop that! You're gonna get us killed!" She clicked to target on the last monster and reached a hand back to pull him off, but he grabbed it and held it to the side while he bent and gently bit where the bottom of her panties lay at her bare upper thigh. She giggled and twitched away. Guess that's what she got for laying around in t-shirt and panties to play today.

The battle ended and she sat Shinelle down to recover endurance before the next pull. Jim licked at the back of her other thigh and she felt herself becoming more than a little distracted. "Jim, Ergin is pulling again, pay attention!"

"I am paying attention. I'm paying a lot of attention." He grinned at her as he flopped back down to his own keyboard for another battle, his length warm at her side. "As a matter of fact, I'm standing at attention right now!" Ardreno dutifully began hammering at the next wolf in line, the norseman's muscular arms swinging the glowing hammer rhythmically, hitting most swings for good damage. Occasionally he slammed the wolf with his shield, as well, stunning it for a short time. He jumped in front of Ergin for a second, taking the wolf's attack away before pounding away again.

Shinelle swung her blazing sword beside him and the wolves slowly died once more. Jim's hand found it's way up her t-shirt this time, as he was able to leave Ardreno swinging at the last wolf once more. Jim straddled her thighs and ran both hands up her sides, fingers grazing the swells of her breasts where they were squished against the pillow. She clicked a last style as the beast died and typed a quick "AFK for a few, AF on Chendra" before turning over under him and pulling him down for a kiss. He kissed her quickly but deeply before pulling away to glance up at her screen. Her hands pulled at his shirt as he quickly bent sideways to follow her example with Ardreno, letting the group know they were not playing for a bit, and setting Ardreno to follow somebody in case the group of characters had to move.

He shed his shirt quickly as he turned back to her, bending to kiss her breasts, one hand warm cupping the soft flesh as his mouth sucked and played with her other nipple. "Oh, Ardreno, my big strong warrior, that feels good!" she teased him, playing out the game. Her hands ran through his thick brown hair.

"Shinelle, sweet warrioress, thou hast seduced me I fear!" He switched breasts. "I cannot keep hands and mouth from thee!" He murmured, then captured her nipple as she giggled at him. She arched her back, lifting her breasts to him for a moment before pulling his hair to drag him back up to kiss her. He obliged, fastening himself to her lips and playing with her tongue. He pulled away quickly though to scoot himself down and work her panties off. She helped kick them free and opened her knees wide. The pillow now under her shoulders let her watch comfortable as he knelt to taste her, already wet at his teasing. His tongue quickly parted her folds and she gasped at his touch. No subtlety this time, with the group waiting on them. His lick was straight to the point and she was ready for him, lifting her hips to meet him. He ran his tongue up and down her a few more times, sending deep thrills through her and spreading moisture around until she was wide open and slippery.

"Come on, Ardreno, show me how a warrior can fuck me!" She grinned and scooted down a bit as he shed the loose flannel trousers that were tented on his hips. His erection bare, she hardly got a sight of his smooth length before he obliged her, laying over her and sliding it home. She was a little surprised at how horny she was, but it felt sooo good to have him fill her, and she gave him a little moan and pulled him down on her, knees clasping his hips.

"Oooh, Shinelle, you're so hot!" he groaned in her ear, softly biting it. "Must be the battle that does it to you!" He laughed a little at her as she thrust up to meet his already quick rhythm. She was too, hot and rising fast. Images flashed through her mind of their characters, not cartoons but more real versions, laying together as they were, hard bulging muscles under her hands, heavier weight laying on her, her own strength equal to it as he thrust into her. The fantasy made her grin into his neck and she bit him a little harder than was her wont while her hands ran down his back to his ass to pull him into her harder.

"Oh, my Ardreno, you're so strong!" she whispered into his ear and he pulled his head back to kiss her again, tongue thrusting deep into her mouth as his cock filled her below. She felt her orgasm nearing already and ground herself against him as he drove home, the pressure on her clit sending her over the edge. She cried out and closed her eyes, feeling him come with her. The rush of feeling swept through her and she felt disoriented for a moment, coming harder than she expected to, dizzy, the room spinning around her, moving without her volition…

Then she was standing, gasping, her armor a weight clasping her body tight as it shivered a bit, walking on it's own until she stopped and opened her eyes to see the wolf Ergin had just bolted with a spell bearing down on them. Grundo's huge axe swept toward it and another huge white form hurtled toward Chendra, whom she'd been following. She stood there, frozen, while it attacked the woman who called out, "Peel! Peel damn it! Get it off me!"

Another warrior scrambled backwards and she realized she recongnised Ardreno trying to get away from the gigantic beasts attacking them. Grundo yelled, "Hit it, hit it! Get it off the healer!" and she finally realized she had a sword. She drew it and swung at the monster, giving it a weak blow in the side, not enough to draw it's attention from the healer. She hit it again, harder, and it turned on her but not before the healer dropped. She had a glimpse of Ardreno's terrified face before the beast ripped into her and she fell as well, still dazed. She dimly was aware of the rest of the group falling to the wolves as her perspective altered oddly, looking down at her character's body lying on the snow where they'd been fighting.

A voice sounded in her head, "Shit. We'll have to release, nobody else around up here. What happened? Saw you two break stick and figured you were back, or Elgin never would have pulled! Why didn't you assist?" Jill realized with a start that it was Grundo, and this was group chat.

"Um, I don't know, must have been a lag spike," she mumbled, having to say something and having no idea what was going on.

"Well, that's enough for me for a while anyway. Gotta get some food and stuff. See you guys again sometime."

"Yeah, me too." Most of the rest of the group agreed and the bodies disappeared from where the wolves still sniffed around, gravestones taking their places. Jill shuddered, it was sort of a macabre sight. Her warrior's body still lay there, and she wasn't sure what to do. The sense of the group was gone from her mind she realized, not knowing it was there until she felt it leave. Grundo must have disbanded it.

If she released, would she wake up? Or…or what, exactly? Where they trapped here? What the hell happened anyway? Well, she couldn't stay floating here, and she knew only one way out. She thought RELEASE as hard as she could, and her consciousness spun away, dizziness sweeping through her until she was once more laying in her body. Jim seemed to have passed out on top of her, and she quickly pushed him off, rolling him to the side and spinning to find her keyboard. She typed a send command to Ardreno, You there, Jim? Think RELEASE! Think it hard, it will bring you back home.

She waited, and in a moment a gravestone appeared on her screen and Jim stirred next to her. She quit the game and flopped back on her pillow, pulling her t-shirt down from where he'd hiked it under her arms. She found herself shivering and pulled the blanket over her. Jim suddenly scrambled backward off the bed, staring at his computer like it might bite him.

"What the fuck happened? What was that!" he backed against the wall beside the door, eyes wide.

"I don't know. Weird, huh?" She wasn't thinking very well, her mind replaying the scene they had just lived, and died, through. She shivered harder and felt the stickiness between her thighs. "I think I want a shower." She couldn't think about this, it was too much. She wanted heat, and something good and familiar. Taking the blanket with her, she got up and headed for the bathroom.

"A shower? That's all you can say after that! We just died! Oh my god, we just died! What the hell happened?" Jim was almost hysterical and grabbed her as she started past, looking at her with a sort of desperation.

"I don't know what happened, Jim, but I'm cold, and I feel weird, and there's nothing to do about it, and I want a shower!" She pulled away and moved onto the bathroom.

She turned the shower on hot and climbed under the spray, letting the hot water run over her as she leaned on the wall. A flash of teeth rending her flesh ran through her mind and she shuddered and curled up, huddling in the bathtub with the shower pounding heat into her. It occurred to her that she didn't remember any pain, though. No blood, either. Just those teeth rending into her and a feeling of weakness. The warmth slowly calmed her. Sort of like virtual reality, it had been, but so real!

She'd been pretty lousy at it, though. The thought brought the ghost of a smile to her lips and she got up, slowly beginning to wash as her thoughts spun through it again and again.

She found Jim in the kitchen drinking coffee. Strong coffee she found when she poured herself a cup. He looked up at her with vaguely worried eyes in his thin face and she smiled at him. "It wasn't all that bad, was it? I mean, we didn't get hurt, and we're back…"

"Not bad? Jill, we died! What if we hadn't come back? What if we were stuck there? What…" he shook his head and stared into his coffee. "I don't understand it. How could that happen? I mean, it's just weird."

"Yeah, it was." She couldn't think of anything else to say, her own thoughts where too scrambled, but she was suddenly ravenous. She set her cup down and began pulling out things to make some dinner. "I don't know what it was, Jim, but we're back, and I'm not going to panic now. Enough for tonight, I think."

Jill's sleep was filled with wolves and swords and spinning, and she woke unsure if her dreams were good or bad. Work was interminable, and when she finally got home she went through her usual routine of mail and food in the oven and such in sort of automatic until she was in her usual attire at home, the t-shirt and panties, and found herself staring at the computer. That was where she went next, every day. Should she?

Well, what had really changed? It was the sex that did it, wasn't it? Seemed like it. And nothing really bad had happened, right? So why not? She shivered a little and stood there, undecided. What else would she do? Read? She didn't have a book she really wanted to get into just now. TV? Nah. Insipid this time of day and she'd seen all their movies too many time. She wanted to game. Well, why not?

Jill hesitated another few seconds, then mentally shrugged and flopped herself on the bed, reaching to turn on the computer and wait for it to start up. Soon she was running Shinelle down to the south end of the land, to her favorite dungeon for gaining gold and experience. She managed to find a group and was deep in the tunnels fighting the spider beasts when Jim came in.

"What are you doing?" His voice had a note close to panic in it and she grimaced before turning to look at him over her shoulder. 

"Hi, honey. I'm gaming of course. How was your day?" She turned back to the game, waiting for the expected venting to begin.

She wasn't disappointed. "How can you do that? After yesterday, whatever it was yesterday…it's dangerous! We don't know…we don't know anything! Jill!"

She sighed, forgetting the same thoughts that had flown through her own mind earlier. "Jim, it's perfectly safe. It only happened when we were having sex. And nothing really happened anyway."

"Nothing happened!" Oops, wrong thing to say… "We were sucked into the game! We were attacked! WE WERE KILLED!" He stepped in front of her, trying to get her attention. "Jill, what if we got stuck in there? What if we hadn't come out? Jill, we don't know what happened! It's dangerous!"

"Jim, calm down. Nothing happened, it was just some sort of virtual reality. We were fine! It must be some kind of new biofeedback circuit we accidentally tripped or something. Look, I've been here for an hour now, and nothing has happened!

"Dinner is in the oven and should be about done. Why don't you go get it out. I'll be there in a minute."

"Promise, honey? Please log off, you scare me." Jim's face was pale, and he was staying well away from the computer while trying to hold her eyes. He was really scared!

"Ok, Jim, ok. I'll be right there. Just let me camp and log off." He pecked her cheek and reluctantly moved away. She made her apologies to the group and sighed as she got Shinelle to a safe spot and logged out. Tomorrow. She was off work tomorrow. She could play then.

Shinelle sliced at the megaceratops doing that neat little flipping turn that Jill liked so much. She wondered if she could actually do that. Her finger went to the next key in the attack chain and another beasty kissed the dirt to be slowly absorbed away. She made Shinelle sit to regain energy before taking on the next one. Fighting solo took longer, but she found herself too distracted to be much good to a group right now. She kept looking at Shinelle's moves and how she did them. She'd even gotten up and tried one or two in the living room, but she felt ridiculous and probably looked more so. At least the lamp had survived. She grinned again at the thought.

It was so…so…tame, though, doing it this way when she knew she could be there! Why hadn't virtual reality come farther, she wanted to actually participate, or at least feel like she was!

The thought she had been trying to suppress came back, and with it a rush of warmth to her groin. Maybe she could. Since Jim was so afraid, maybe she didn't need him. Maybe she would be enough herself. But to go in there alone…

So what. Nothing bad happened. She could quit and release any time. Yes, she was going to try it. A nervous shiver went through her at the decision. Not these megaceratops, though. The needed someplace safe and secure to do this alone. Someplace with nothing but grays, and no traffic. She ran Shinnelle back toward town to catch a horse to the portal. She'd to that back corner in the middle of the main land, where there wasn't much worth hunting so nobody went. There were enough grays there for her purposes and nobody to wonder what she was doing if they caught her swinging at nothing on their screen, figuring out how things worked. 

Her hand moved down to her already wet pussy while Shinelle was on the horse, and she turned sideways on her pillows and ran her fingers over her clit and down to gather some moisture and spread it back. She began moving her fingers in a circle and gasped as she realized how turned on she was by this. It wasn't going to take her long and she slowed down. She didn't want to come too quick and find herself falling off the damn horse.

Shinelle got to the port town and Jill paused long enough to run her through and get another horse from the stablemaster there. Still only one horse route available from a port town. Sheesh, she hoped they'd fix that soon. At least it was a route in the right direction this time.

Her fingers began moving with the rhythm of the sound effects, the horse galloping her closer to orgasm. She imagined the strong warm body between her legs, the power moving under her and her fingers were soaked with her juices. She almost missed the spot to jump and reached quick with her other hand to hit the A and set Shinelle to running west, back toward that little lake tucked away in the corner of the map.

Her fingers moved faster as she watched Shinelle run, imagining the sun on her back and the trees going by on either side. Strange looking creatures watched her run past and she ignored them, gray to her and worth nothing. The feeling was rising through her as she brought Shinelle to a stop at the edge of the lake, and she lifted her hips as she worked on herself, thinking hard about laying on that beach and taking a swim afterwards, feeling the warmth of the sun as the heat of her orgasm began to wash through her. She felt the weight of hot chain mail enclose her body as her fingers flew and she came, arching off the bed, eyes clenched shut, breath exploding out from being held.

She knew before she opened her eyes that it hadn't worked. She was still on her bed, in her t-shirt, and Shinelle still stood on the lake shore where she had no real business being. Dammit.

It must take two, something about the sharing of energy or something. Well, fine, then Jim would just have to get over his fears. So, how was she going to accomplish that? Sex was the key of course. Always was with men. She could tell him how handsome his character was, how muscular and strong…no. Wrong approach. He'd just get all insecure about his own body and how she didn't want him for himself.

But herself…she could work on seducing him, get him all hot, then feed him the thought of Shinelle, all lithe and muscular, slender in places where Jill was a little more, well, padded these days. Yeah, that was it! Convince him they would be safe and could make love on the lake shore, nothing around that could hurt them.

She logged his account on quick and took Ardreno to where Shinelle was, then she went and got in the shower, leaving the two sitting there on the lake shore together, AFK flags on.

Jim came home to the rich smell of steaks cooking. Jill stepped around the corner from the kitchen and smiled at him. "Hi, babe! Dinner will be ready in a minute!" She was wearing her red tank top with that wrap around skirt she only wore around the house. It was slit to the thigh, or at least it was since he had torn it a bit higher. He smiled and moved to the side where he could see into the kitchen and enjoy the view.

Steak and his favorite outfit. Nothing too unusual, nothing he could point to and say, "Special," but he knew what she was up to. And he was pretty sure he knew what she wanted too. He went into the bedroom to change. Sure enough, both computers were on screen-saver, and he bet if he clicked them up they'd both be logged into the game. Well, she was doomed to disappointment. There was no way he was going back into that game, and there would be no sex until both computers were safely shut down. But no reason he couldn't enjoy her efforts until then!

He shucked his clothes and pulled on his soft flannel lounging pants before wandering back to the kitchen. He caught her at the counter and slipped his arms around her, holding her against it to nuzzle the back of her neck. "You look good enough to eat, love." He wrapped one arm tight around her midsection and let the other hand drift up to softly caress a breast. His lips ran down to her shoulder, nudging her hair out of the way. Two could play at this game!
