 **The feedback on this series has been amazing! Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to write comments or mention this series to me in the forum. Thanks again to my editor, Mistress Lynn, who has been diligently pounding away on this series for me. I couldn't get this written without her hard work.**

Her mind was still spinning from spending the morning at the mall. There were as many questions asked on the way home as there were on the way there, giving Doris lots of information and several ideas as well.

"Genie, we'll have to come up with a past for you," Doris said as she parked the car in her driveway. "Something legitimate that will stand up to scrutiny or a background check or something." 

"A properly worded wish is all that would take, Doris."

"True, but why waste the opportunity?" She felt her mind tingle for an instant but Genie still looked confused. "I haven't traveled in so long," Doris said as they started to get out of the car. "Gramma used to do it all the time, always traveling to the corners of the Earth, finding her rare treasures. I haven't been on a vacation since my sixteenth birthday.

Genie followed Doris into the house as she escaped the growing heat of the afternoon.

"Where did you say you were from again?"

"Scythia," Genie said. Doris almost shivered at the way the word rolled off Genie's tongue like molten sex.

"Where is that exactly?" Doris questioned, not remembering what Genie had said this morning, her brain clouded by the events at the mall. 

Going to one of the many recessed bookshelves of the house, Doris pulled out a leather-bound atlas. The book was over twenty years old, but something tickled her mind and told her that could be important. She lovingly set it down onto the dining room table and flipped the pages open to a picture of the Mediterranean. Genie stepped close to her; close enough for Doris to feel the tip of a nipple drag against her arm, only the thin fabric of the shirt between their skins. A delectable, subtle shock of lust rolled through her body.

"Well, here's where Scythia should have been," Genie said, pointing to Turkey and Syria. "This is where I should have been, somewhere up here." Pointing to northern Italy, she sighed. "Beyond that, I can't tell you much." 

"It's all right, dear, but we have things to discuss later," Doris said, her hand going to Genie's chin and lifting it slightly. "For now . . ." Her tongue snaked out to wet her lips. "We need to say goodbye to this body. I've had the figure of a ten-year old boy for my entire life, and I think we need to bid adieu to it." Genie's face immediately brightened. "Think you remember what I want?"

The tingle erupted again.

"Yeah," Genie purred. "Just thinking about it is making me all . . ." 

Her eyes drifted heavily to half-lidded slits and her body quivered slightly. Doris noted that the air smelled deliciously like rose petals and honey all of a sudden. 

"Looks like you enjoyed that," Doris said quietly. "Thinking about the mall today?" Genie's eyes closed and her lips clamped shut, managing to squeak and nod.

"Thinking about Jackie's pussy? Thinking about what I was going to have her do before I passed out?" Doris prodded, stepping closer to Genie. "Thinking about her friend's pink tongue splitting those lips while Valerie's fingers spread her open? You read my mind, you know that's what was going to happen," Doris continued, taunting Genie. Genie's eyes glazed over, her breathing shallow and ragged, tits perceptively jiggling with every galloping beat of her heart, nipples erect and throbbing under the thin cotton of her T-shirt. 

"Genie," Doris said, enjoying the look of her friend's body heating up, not able to ignore the effects it was having on her own. "I want you to not read my mind until I tell you to again." Genie seemed to snap out of her lust-induced fugue and her eyes focused on Doris. 

"Yes, Doris," she said, sighing happily. 

She smiled as Doris rapidly closed the distance between them, their lips meeting only an instant after their bodies collided into each other. Doris felt Genie stiffen in shock and then relax, her hands stroking Doris's back slowly, their bodies rubbing; firm tits against firm tits, hip against hip, thigh between thigh. The kiss seemed to last forever in Doris's mind, the perfect kiss, her first real kiss; the first time she truly wanted her lips pressed to another's, and she was relishing every delirious second of it. The heated touch of soft flesh and fingertips was electric, making Doris's hair stand on end and goose bumps dance over her skin. The sensation was growing to her first feelings in the mall only a few hours before, but the build was slow, intentionally slow, matching the speed of Genie's hands on her back. 

Doris slowly realized that her eyes had shut and white-hot sparks were dancing in the edges of the black vision. They fluttered open, only to gaze straight into the lust-fogged eyes of Genie, staring back at her through the kiss. At that exact second, Genie's fingernails raked up Doris's ribs, tickling her, the sensation mingling with the electric heat rolling through her body like slow thunder. Doris whimpered into Genie's mouth as their lips parted simultaneously, tongue tips dancing to mingle lightly, licking lips that did not belong to them. Doris shuddered, feeling her core heat up and her juices start to flow. The pressure on her crotch from Genie's leg was enticing. The feeling of their firm breasts and taut nipples rubbing on each other through the thin material of their shirts was exhilarating.

Genie's tongue danced with Doris's for an instant, darting into her mouth, licking her lips softly. Doris mimicked her clumsily, but with a patience that belongs only to a good student. Genie's mouth tasted of the barest hint of strawberries, the light and airy flavor matched only by the ministrations of the tongue softly caressing Doris's mouth. Doris realized that she had been holding her breath, but that didn't bother her, not now, not with Genie. Her body forced her to breathe, however, and it came in a shuddering gasp as the two sets of lips parted, their tongues dancing away from each other.

"Oh wow," Doris panted, her heart pounding in her chest. Little shocks and quakes rocked her body, coursing slowly from her toes to what seemed to be the very tips of the hair on her head, her whole body tingling. "So yeah," she said waiting to catch her breath. 

Her hands went to her shirt hem and pulled it off for the second time today. She felt her tits bounce free, her nipples hardening into diamonds when the cold air hit them directly and mixed with the sensations besieging her mind and skin. She looked down at her flawless skin. Her pink nipples stood proudly on a chest that felt like hers yet didn't look like hers. Between her heaving cleavage she saw her flat stomach, and the barest hint of crimson fur just under the top of her sweat pants. She bit her lower lip softly, her eyes drifting to Genie's feet, up her legs, swimming in her waist, drinking in the vision of her chest, and drowning in her eyes. Without thinking, Doris pushed her pants down, and stepped out of them, standing completely naked before her own personal Sex Genie. 

"I must be dreaming." Doris sighed, making Genie smile. 

"What is your wish, my Mistress?" she purred in response, taking a step closer to Doris, almost completely closing the distance between them.

"Strip for me," Doris said in a husky voice. 

She could feel the heat pouring off Genie's body, and could smell the faintest odor of fresh baked cookies, the scent making her unexpectedly hotter. 

"Do it slowly, dance for me while you do it, make me enjoy it," Doris said demurely. 

She slowly moved in for another tender kiss, her body shivering from head to toe at the touch of soft lips to soft lips. Doris snaked her tongue along Genie's lips as her mouth opened, tasting the flavor of sweet strawberries again. Doris broke the kiss as slowly as she started it and then retreated to the living room, settling on her couch, legs spread. Draping her left hand over her thigh, it gave her fingers just enough room to touch and tease her opening flower. She licked her lips as she felt the wet heat gathering there, watching Genie dance into the room. 

Music started playing, low and slow, seeming to come from everywhere and nowhere at once. The light filtering through the curtains dimmed just a little, save for where Genie swayed into the room. An invisible spotlight moved with her, making her seem to glow slightly in the deepening shadows. Genie's body began rocking to the music; primeval drums at first, then joined by stringed and wind instruments that were unfamiliar to Doris. Genie's hips rocked rhythmically with the music, grinding sensuously against an invisible lover, pivoting and twisting as she stepped forward. Her hands were not idle either, tracing along her skin, their tips dragging up the hem of her shirt, exposing olive skin beneath the white fabric. The material rose and fell with her movements, the deliberate gyrations working with gravity to pull it back down, only to rise again from the motions of Genie's fingers, each time just a little higher.

Doris wet her lips, her head swimming as her eyes drank in the beauty before her. Genie slowly turned to profile, still dancing to the primeval music enveloping the small house. Her eyes unlocked from Doris's wanton stare, and Doris palpably felt Genie's gaze drag down her body, her skin tingling as those molten pools of lust traveled down her neck, along her collar bone, drinking in the generous swelling of her nipples, one at a time, before raking lower. Doris's mind was hazy with lust, and that feeling combining with the euphoria was on the verge of overloading her system again, her heart pounding like a jackhammer in her chest.

Lower still the gaze went, the electric pressure felt like feathers made of ticklish lightening as they moved. Doris's hands slid up her thighs, leaving her drooling pussy alone while Genie's stare continued through her Mistress' pubes, caressing the thick thatch of fur there, and then lightening up to ever so softly stroke the bare flesh on either side of her parted lips. For an instant, a delicious, painfully yearning instant, the feeling was gone. Doris came down at the shock of the lack of the feeling, her eyes fluttering open and meeting Genie's eyes once more. There was the look of a succubus on Genie's face; hungry, powerful, playful, and sensual all at the same time. That look turned devious and Genie's eyes shot down to Doris's exposed and open sex. The gaze seemed to tease around Doris's clit, dancing around her open sex as the look ravaged every erogenous zone on Doris they could find.

Doris squirmed and squealed as the feelings shot through her body. She tried desperately not to close her legs and block Genie's view, her toes curling and legs twitching, making her slide on the couch as it got wetter and wetter with the generous amount of juices pouring from her pleasured pussy. Her hands were firm, grasping the couch, her nails digging into the material, arms shaking as her body rocked under her. Doris realized she would have been screaming at the top her lungs if she had had any breath at all. That was hardly important to her just then; her whole world was Genie's tactile focus on her body and the feelings unlike anything else she had ever imagined. 

Curling almost on its own volition, Doris could no longer keep her body from doing so. That piercingly enticing gaze left her pussy, ravaging her skin, up her thigh, along the crest of her hip and lightly caressed both nipples before leaving her skin again. Doris managed to force her eyes open as her body still twitched from the orgasm that was coursing slower and slower through her, filling her with a fuzzy fog, making her whole body pulse from her toes to her scalp. She tried to regain her composure as she watched Genie, still in profile, cross her arms over her belly and grab the hem of her shirt. Hips still slowly moving to the music, Genie lifted the shirt steadily, her whole body swaying and gyrating, offering the new Mistress a delectable side-view of her Sex Genie. The material uncovered her perfect belly, the tan swell of her flawless tits, the perky, small brown nipples, and finally the gentle swoop of Genie's neck as she pulled the shirt clear. 

The long crimson mane flowed like fire through the shirt as the long locks were shaken out. The wild, loose curls flailed everywhere; cascading down her shoulders, concealing her face slightly, save for those emerald eyes. Doris managed to sit back up, watching as Genie moved toward her again, this time her hands teasing down her body, one straying to her firm, bouncing chest, the other drifting lower, snaking down olive flesh until it was on top of gray cotton. Softly she stroked down the flat of her lower belly, the music becoming more primitive, the bass filling the small house, the volume becoming louder, and the tempo picking up. It almost reminded Doris of 80's metal with more drums instead of guitars 

Genie really started getting into it, with her body coiling like a snake in time with the music. Leaving her side still turned to Doris, she thrust her hips to the music, humping the air before her in powerful, slow strokes in time with the deepest of the drumbeats. Her fingers curled around the crotch of her pants and she closed her eyes, letting the beat take her as her body moved with the music. Her other hand was playing with her nipples, pinching them and pulling them, eliciting little quivers from Genie's body that made her swoon with the music as well as rock to the beat. Genie spun to face Doris, squatting low to the ground as she did so, running her hands down the insides of her thighs and then back up to her crotch. Doris's lust-fogged eyes didn't miss the fact that her Genie's running pants had a growing dark spot on the light gray material.

Gyrating while spinning slightly on her toes, Genie stood, Doris taking in the shapely ass in front of her. The music kicked up another notch, the bass trembling in Doris's body, vibrating her clit and reverberating in her nipples. She found that she had started playing with herself again, her pussy almost swimming in her juices as she watched Genie. The twin globes of her ass still encased in the cotton pants called to her, the small of her back arching, the muscles coiling and uncoiling just above the hem and just below the thick crimson curtain raining down her back. 

Sinking back to the ground, her hips twisting and thrusting with the music, Genie danced with her back turned to Doris. She slowly rose back up, her fingertips raking up the backside of her legs, starting at her calves. Doris felt her heart jump in her chest and her pussy clench, squishing wetly as she realized the fabric was shredding under Genie's climbing nails. The skin revealed was the perfect olive-tan of the rest of her body, smooth and almost luminescent in the soft glow of the fading light. 

Genie plunged to the floor again, her hips swaying and pumping. The muscles beneath the smooth, dark skin coiled and uncoiled like serpents with her movements. Doris felt her mouth go dry at the sight of Genie rotating a quarter turn, and then slowly rocking to the floor again. The material of her jogging pants spread and opened around her legs, promising to expose every inch of her from toes to hip, but some how managed to stay together. 

Swaying as she stood, Genie's hands again trailed up her endless legs, the fingers swimming in the fabric, tracing swirling patterns through the cloth. The sides of the pants joined the back of the legs and were flayed open in the wake of Genie's fingers. Again, more of those perfect legs were exposed, and Doris noted with delight that small ribbons of fabric slid down those statuesque legs to the floor, small pieces from where the tears in the pants intersected

Another quarter turn, and Genie gyrated her hips slowly with the music as it changed tempo. She flung her hair forward and then snapped it back, clearing her face, letting those eyes dance across Doris's body again. She shivered at the memory of that look last time, her core heating up another notch as her stomach quivered. For one perfect instant in Doris's mind, there was only she and Genie. No music, no dancing, no growing wetness. There was only a connection between the two, a moment shared, and it made Doris's heart skip a beat.

The feeling of cool electricity took Doris out of that infinity and made her cry aloud with pleasure. Her head rocked back, and she felt Genie's gaze savagely dance across her body. Every erogenous zone, every ticklish spot, every hair on her body was alive with the feeling of pleasure. Doris was vaguely aware that she was screaming and panting, her voice no longer her own, but it had become something feral, even primeval. Her head snapped forward, her breath was ragged, and she locked her eyes on Genie's face. Their eyes met for an instant and the feeling left Doris, but the aftershocks of Genie's effect on her body were still rolling through her like echoes of thunder. 

Genie's fingers were moving on her body again, sliding along her skin to the heavy rhythm as it began to gain tempo once more. With her eyes shining, her fingers went to her breasts, kneading them like dough. The dark nipples surrounded by small areola stood proud on those globes, and her fingers assaulted them mercilessly as she mauled her own tits. Her hips never stopped keeping time, the loose and shredded fabric of her pants hanging off her in thick ribbons, exposing ever more of those delicious, sculpted legs.

The music escalated quickly, and Genie's hands again went down her body, raking quickly, slicing the thin gray fabric again as they met the cloth. These slices started at the top elastic band and threatened to cause the remaining material to fall away completely, but it did not. Her fingers lifted from the material as she ground her way down to the floor, the exposed globes of her ass nearly touching the carpet as she slowly rocked back up. This time her hands swam along the insides of her thighs and around to the crest of her hips, causing the running pants to almost peel open like a banana. Doris yearned to see her Genie naked. It turned into an almost palpable desire, her blood pulsing, her breath gasping, and her pussy quivering at every shred of fabric that fell to the floor in the growing pool around Genie's feet. 

Genie was still wearing ribbons of pants, her crotch soaking the material where it clung to her sex. Even in the dim light and around Genie's gyrations, Doris's eyes took in the sight of the gentle swell of Genie's mound, the subtle outlines of her opened pussy inside the fabric, and the barely perceivable bud of her clit. Her smell was exotic; it was wine and honey mixed with the smell of fresh baked cinnamon rolls. Sugar, passion, and sex all filled Doris's nostrils, mingling with her own growingly familiar scent and a mixture of sweat carried on the waves of heat and passion between the two. 

Genie kept pumping and grinding her hips against the air in front of Doris, her movements carrying her across the living room until she was within leg-reach of Doris. Genie spread her legs, giving Doris a perfect view of her toned, parted thighs as they slid out from their shredded fabric encasement. The two girls locked their eyes again, the nearly identical green pools pulling the girls closer as they became acutely aware of the lusty, glassy-eyed stares looking back at them. Genie's eyes drifted down her own body as she brought her index finger to her mouth, looking innocent as she could standing there. Her red locks flared about her shoulders, her upper arms pressed her bare tits with their hardened nipples together and seemed to hold them out for Doris to consider. Lastly, her shredded pants trembled with the movements of Genie's body and her thundering pulse, promising to expose everything except the bit that Doris's mouth was watering for. 
