 Note: This chapter contains mind control, nonconsensual sex, tickling, mermaids, hints of brainwashing, and hints of slime girls.

~~~~ ~~~~

Chrysa basked in the joy of her conquest: Both in the conquest of her prey, and the conquest of herself.

She had won. And lost. Her will had broken down the will of her captive. Her will had broken down. And it was all too deliciously, gloriously steeped in ecstasy for the jelly maid to tell the difference.

She sucked at the cock between her pale lips, flicking her little stinging tongue twice over his glans. She had always made the boys happy. She had always known how to touch them until they felt good. So good. She looked up, eyes glowing with triumph. The wispy white tendrils that served as her "hair" had long since stopped stinging him. Now they just wafted above her, brushing along his belly and continuing to lightly tickle.

Her captive's eyes were screwed tightly shut. She slowly ran her lips up and down along his shaft, savoring the feeling of hardness inside her. It was starting to throb again. She loved this part.

Chrysa remembered back before. Before she had met her mistress. She had once loved to go all down on her lovers, deep-throating with the skill of one who did not breathe through lungs. The sensation of being as filled as a mermaid could possibly be had brought her to orgasm time and time again. But not anymore. Now she was more full than ever, thanks to her mistress. And she wanted to taste him. She moaned as another spurt of salty cum shot onto her eager tongue.

This jelly maid had been given a very important job: Milking the male human. She giggled. He had been the one who would put up a fight, her mistresses had said. Chrysa had to milk him dry. Make him weak. Make him hers. Make him cum.

It had been even easier than she'd expected. And he was so delicious! She closed her eyes with bliss as her tongue teased a bit of extra cum out of him. She reached up and tapped his chest, getting him to open his eyes and look at her. She made sure he saw her swallow.

She loved being like this. They had made her love being like this. She ran her tongue around his cock, briefly sliding her lips all the way down until her lower lip brushed his testicles. She took the it all down her throat, adoring the sensation. It felt so good, being slutty, being pliant. She knew with every suck, every swallow, every moan, she was fucking her own brain more. Making herself more slutty, more pliant. A better bimbo for her beautiful mistresses. Just like they wanted.

Her head rose back up, and she sighed into him. Her prey had come at least four times now. She was so good  at making him happy. He bucked against her, and she stared up at him with joy. He wanted her!

For a moment, she wished she was a mortal. She wished she had a pussy that she could wrap around his eager shaft, wished she had legs instead of tentacles to wrap around him and feel him inside her. She wished she could buck and moan and scream on top of him like a common landwhore. She wished she could make him lick her out, make him look up at her, taste her, and realize that she was his goddess. She wished she could orgasm with him.

But she was nothing but the plaything of her mistresses. She would come at their pleasure, and not before.

She squealed as he started thrashing and bucking for a fifth time, her breasts heaving from the effort of milking. It felt so good to lose. He would learn that soon enough.

~~~~

For a few strange seconds, Larya was made of stone.

As the druidess glided through solid rock, she felt the layers, the cracks and crevices, the streaks of pure ore and the grains of odd mineral. She felt the earth beneath her, felt its grinding progress as it ate away at itself, the crust descending and ascending and descending again like a serpent biting its own tail.

All earth was fluid, if you could find something denser, and she knew the world's crust floated upon oceans of stone. This dark, dull stone was no less alive than fire. Larya felt the World Base in it, just as she felt it in trees and animals.

When she emerged on the other side of the wall, she realized she'd gotten a little wet. Which was still a weird sensation when she was thousands of meters underwater. This spell was bizarre. It let her pussy get moist, but it didn't let her fingers get pruny. So weird.

She took a look at her folded clothes. Mylio had ordered her to undress before lying down for him, and she was currently buck-naked. It almost felt silly to be going around dressed when she was thousands of meters underwater, spell or no spell.

Then she remembered that look in Nerka's eye. That lusty, predatory, inhuman look. Something was seriously wrong here, and she did not want to tempt fate. Or mermaids.

She donned the shirt and skirt as she walked. They were completely dry, thanks to the spell, and it felt a bit surreal to be wearing them again. She considered her underwear, then tossed it aside. There was no time. Besides, her panties were still slick with juices. It wouldn't do. Some merfolk had really good senses of smell.

As she hurried down the dark tunnel, Larya caught a glimpse of something drifting through the water. She frowned. It was of a bright grass-green hue, and stood out quite sharply against the dark, clear water. Even without the spell allowing her to see in deep waters, it was clearly slightly luminescent.

She stopped walking and stared at it. It was a liquid, or maybe a jelly of some kind. It swirled in a way that was almost . . .

. . . almost . . .

Larya inclined her head. It was so pretty, shimmering in the darkness . . .

. . . swirling, spiraling, rising and dipping like a slow, sensuous wave . . .

. . . Nerka's breasts had been heaving as Mylio had sucked at one nipple, just begging for a second mouth to fasten around the other . . .

The jelly slowly descended into a crack in the wall. Larya's eyes followed it as it squished its way through, navigating almost like a tentacle. Like Mylio's tail, thrashing helplessly in Nerka's solid grip . . .

As it vanished from sight, Larya realized had been been staring at a single wisp of passing algae for a full minute. She gave a start. What's wrong with me?

She tried not to think about the fact that she'd gotten even wetter doing it as she continued running.

~~~~

Chrysa's first warning to be on the lookout was a little sexy sigh in her ear, and her eyes rolled up into her skull with sheer pleasure. Her mistress was speaking to her again. She found herself shaking with repressed orgasm, even as she determinedly kept sucking—her paralyzed prisoner still needed to be milked. She still had more to drink before she would be satisfied. She was so overcome, she didn't even hear what her mistress actually said.

Her second warning was a quarterstaff being put in front of her throat and jerked backwards. "Oh!" the jelly maid managed before being yanked backwards. She felt a knee press into her back.

The quarterstaff continued pressing against her neck, and she struggled desperately against the firm grip. It hurt! And she had been forced off of her plaything!

Chrysa spent a few seconds flailing wildly, her mind racing in a blind panic. The pain and shock made her lose control of her senses. She didn't know what was going on, but it hurt and she wanted to be free. What was going on? Was the figure going to kill her? Why couldn't she go back to milking?

As she continued to struggle, though, and nothing changed, the panic slowly dulled. The pain did, too, and the figure didn't seem to be planning to break her neck anytime soon. Understanding dawned on Chrysa: The figure was trying to strangle her.

She kept fighting, but less sincerely, as a grin started to spread over her face. She felt the soft skin against her back. Heard the little gasps and grunts from the figure trying to choke her. Smelled the sexual frustration in the water.

Jelly maids didn't breathe through their lungs, or even their gills. They breathed through the pale flesh of their tentacles, and the rest of their skin to a lesser extent. The pressure against her neck hurt, but that was it. The figure had made a grave error. A wonderful error she would come to be so, so happy she'd made.

Oh, Chrysa knew exactly who was trying to choke her.

No paralysis this time. She loved making boys happy. But girls deserved to be happy, too.

"Hi!" she whispered. "I'm gonna make you feel so good."

"What?" came the voice from behind her. Perfect! Chrysa had needed her to speak to be sure where she was; she would only get one shot.

Giggling, she directed one of her lower tentacles to leap up. She felt it scurry up the druid's leg and climb right into that slick pussy. Bulls-eye. She was wearing a skirt, but no panties. No barrier to Chrysa. Clearly, this druidess was more eager than she would admit!

"Oh!" The voice of the druidess was surprised. Startled. Very aroused. Chrysa beamed. This would be fun.

She told her tentacle to give just a little sting.

"Aah!" The pressure against Chrysa's throat vanished, though the quarterstaff did not release her. "Aah—ahaaha! Stop—oh, goddesses, that tickles—"

The druidess was wriggling behind her, trying to get the tentacle out without letting go of the staff, but she was being so helpful in telling Chrysa where she was with all this noise. Chrysa had three more tentacles shoot up. Two joined the first in rubbing inside her cunt. The third started tickling between her legs.

"Aahahaha! Heeheeheehee! Stop it!" The pressure returned on Chrysa's throat, but only for a second before growing weak again. "S-s-s-staaah!"

Chrysa kept stinging. She could hear the voice of her mistress in her ear again. "Drown her in touch," the voice hissed. "Ooh, make her beg to be nursed. Make her beg to be our slut, just like you are!"

Chrysa longed to turn around and behold the face of the druidess, who was now squealing with giggles and arousal. But the staff still held her firm. So she just looked straight ahead, keeping an eye on her previous paralyzed plaything. She couldn't wait to get back to milking him. She pictured having this druidess suckle at her teat as she did so and couldn't help but let out a little squeal of her own.

It was time to step up her game. Experimentally, Chrysa leaned back. She felt a womanly chest behind her. There was a shirt, but no bra. Perfect. Oh, so perfect.

"Heeheehee—wha—oh, no, no, no—"

She grinned evilly and set her hair tendrils to work. They crawled under the collar and ran over the druidess's breasts, instilling them with new sensation. More sensation than a human breast was meant to contain. She teased her tendrils over those hard nipples, tickling them until she could feel the warm breasts heaving and swelling against the back of her head. "Isn't this nice?" she sang.

"Y—n—hee hee hee hee!"

"I thought so!" Chrysa giggled, feeling almost as tickled as her hot little new captive. She reached back with one hand. "So how about you let me go and I can make you feel even nicer?"

"N-no!"

Chrysa was impressed. This druidess was still holding the quarterstaff against her neck, even with a jelly maid tickling her clit, thighs and breasts without mercy. But it was time to show her who was really in charge. "I think," she said silkily, "you feel too good to hold onto this big, heavy staff now!"

She sped up her tentacles' ministrations. She could feel the druidess starting to twitch and quiver. Soon she would be outright thrashing underneath Chrysa's loving touches.

"Make her scream!" whispered the voice, which itself sounded on the verge of orgasm. "Ooh, yes, she's just gotta beg to become our sexy little bimbo."

Chysa raised the hand up and inserted one finger between her own tentacles, stroking inside the druidess's smooth, shaven pussy. "Isn't this nice?" she cooed. "Don't you want more?"

"Ah—ah—" The druidess's knees were starting to buckle.

Chrysa laughed. "Ooh! That sounded like a ye-e-e-es!"

"N-no—AAAH!" The druidess fell to the floor as Chrysa thrust two fingers in. The fingers clutching the quarterstaff went limp. Chrysa pushed it away with her free hand, chuckling.

She turned and fixed the druidess with a loving smile. The druidess looked up at her, eyes wide and wild with desire. "I win," Chrysa whispered. She leaned forward and grabbed the druidess in a sloppy, passionate kiss. She nibbled on her lower lip, then thrust her tongue inside, filling the druidess's mouth with an electric tingling.

"Make her cum."

Without hesitation, Chrysa jammed the two fingers in all the way. She turned the stinging up to maximum as she rubbed the clit at a frightening speed. She was so good at touching. So good at making boys and girls happy. So good at touching.

"Get her ready," the voice said. "Remember when we made you drink us? She needs to drink you now. Make her ours. But first, make her beg!"

Chrysa broke off the kiss and listened to her plaything scream.

"Beg me for more!" she cooed.

"Please!" The druidess was thrashing, but the tentacles held her tightly now. She was Chrysa's. "Pleeeeease!" Body and mind.

"You wanna be our slut?"

"Yes! Yes—heehee—more, more, more, please!"

Chrysa brought her lips down to the druidess's round, pale breasts, to those pointy, dark nipples. So pretty. So sensitive. She grinned and started licking, listening to the screams as the druidess at last hit her orgasm. "Mine!" she sang over the screams. "You're—shlup—Chrysa's now! You're mine, mine, mine!"

"Yours! Yours! Oh, yours, yes, please, I'm—I'll be—" Chrysa heard the voice in her head again, but the druidess's screams were so delicious, so wonderfully slutty, that she couldn't imagine hearing anything else. She let the screams drown the words of her mistress out. She felt those slender little fingers running frantic spirals over her skin. Felt her own nerves start to skyrocket into pleasure. Holy shit. Holy shit holy shit yes yes fuck yes yes.

Her eyes bugged out of her skull as she started to come. She gripped her captive all the tighter as she joined in the lusty cries. Chrysa fastened her lips around a nipple and started to suck, remembering the feelings she had felt when she'd started drinking, when they'd started drinking her, when she'd been claimed.

It had felt so good to drink then, just like it felt good now. But it was time to let go and let the druidess start suckling. This human needed to drink her now. Oh, it had felt so good to drink. She truly envied this druidess. It would feel so good.

She had to make this druidess do the same. Had to nurse her. Had to nurse.

She frowned. No, had to make her nurse. She was getting confused and horny. The spirals on her skin were making her too hot to think straight. Suckle. Had to suckle. No, had to make the druidess suckle. Stop suckling and start . . . suckling . . . had to obey her mistresses, but fuck, this was so—so—

She became vaguely cognizant of the water around her becoming very, very empty all of a sudden. Airless. Hollow saltwater. No oxygen. But she couldn't stop nursing. Couldn't stop fingering and licking and suckling and cumming. Couldn't stop suckling. Couldn't remember what else she would ever want to do.

It felt so good to lose.

The world went black.

Chrysa kept right on cumming.

~~~~

"She'll have a bad headache when she wakes up," Larya said after a while, almost to herself. She finally managed to persuade herself to pull those still-sucking lips off her tit. They came off with a plop.

She rolled the jelly maid off her body and let out a great shuddering sigh, still feeling the tingling in her breasts and cunt. Even after Chrysa had passed out, Larya had spent a few minutes more feeling the unconscious fey continue to try to drink her. Fey dreams were closer to the fabric of wakefulness than most. 'Sleepwalking' was common. So, it seemed, was sleepsucking.

Wow, Larya thought to herself, lying flat on her back. She had felt like she'd been covered in thousands of tiny little tongues. She still sort of felt like that. The druidess pushed herself to her feet. "Wow," she breathed. "So that's . . . a jelly maid."

It had not been easy to convince herself to cast the spell. Even after cumming—and she'd been waiting so long today for an orgasm—the pleasure had almost been great enough to convince her to just give in to one more orgasm. But she knew 'one more' would have turned into 'five more'. And then 'ten more'. And then . . .

The jelly maid had been trying to do something, Larya knew, before Larya had overwhelmed her in orgasms of her own. This hadn't been idle seduction. There was something seriously off with her. She'd had a specific goal, just like Nerka had.

It was then that she remembered Alrek.

She turned and walked over, looking down at the twitching, naked form of her adventuring partner with one eyebrow raised. His penis was still fully erect.

Larya had seen Alrek naked before. In their world of fey, demons and enchanters, two adventurers traveling the land together were bound to learn a lot about each other, one way or another. The sight of Alrek unclad and aroused was nothing new. That said, it never failed to weird her out.

Alrek wasn't ugly. Actually, speaking objectively, he was fairly cute—he had a fit, muscular body, curly dark hair, a strong chin, a sort of sulky countenance some would call 'brooding', and dark brown eyes that glittered with what could easily be mistaken for passion.

But Larya knew him pretty well by now. And knowing Alrek's inner self, knowing all the petulance and selfishness and greed and confusion that lay within him . . . well, seeing him naked was just uncomfortable. She was not interested in that sight. She'd only recently gotten used to considering him a partner, and she knew he still wasn't exactly on-board with that.

"So," she said, "paralyzed, huh?"

"Nnn."

"I mean, I figured." She shrugged. "If you weren't paralyzed, you would be yelling at me for taking so long." She leaned down and picked up her oaken staff. "I'll try to get rid of the poison, but you've been in her grip for a while. And don't give me that look. I know I'm late, but I'm not the one who got taken up and sucked dry by a jelly maid with some tickly tendrils."

She dropped to her knees and pressed the staff against his crotch. His eyes widened, but she wanted to get this part over with first. She was tired of his . . . other head staring right up at her. She felt the grains of the oaken staff, used them to transport her back to a nature she understood. And from there, she entered the World Base. The worldly essense every druid and druidess needed to reach to use their powers.

She started draining the poison from him. He had been stung there most of all, of course. Lots of stings on the member. Remembering how it had felt inside her vagina, she winced in sympathy. "Listen, Alrek, there's some serious crap going down here. Nerka's changed. She's . . . I don't know, but she's doing something to Mylio. I barely got away. I think what happened to her is the same thing that happened to that jelly maid." Finishing with the crotch, she moved her staff over his legs. Might as well put off him being able to talk again as long as possible.

"Nnn?"

"Her eyes were the same shade of pink. It's like something's . . . entered her, I guess you'd say." She snorted. "No, Alrek, that's not just what jelly maids are like normally. Jelly maids are supposed to be very, er, accommodating in general. They drift in big swarms and help sailors, um, 'while away the dull hours'."
