 Note: This story contains themes of nonconsent, mind control, and degradation. It also gets a bit dark.

*****

Snatch walked in locked step with the mermaid's gyrations, following her as she led him deeper and deeper into what he knew was only darkness. He never missed a step. Had he been somewhat more aware of his surroundings, this might perhaps had confused him—after all, it was clearly pitch black down here. He stared into the brilliant light and felt perfectly certain it was not there.

The mermaid just smiled at him, clearly amused by something. He couldn't imagine what. Snatch walked across the bottom of the Slick Trench, naked, his cock at full hardness, led as though leashed by a beautiful undersea horror. Long, beautiful locks of ebon hair trailed after the mermaid, framing her face like a curious hood. The hair was long enough to tickle Snatch's lip as he followed. That was nothing, however, compared with the memories that surrounded him on all sides.

This mermaid had made him tell her everything. Every seduction, every breakdown, every fantasy, every whimpering need. That strange light-that-did-not-exist had flashed every time he had fought, and his struggles had grown weaker and weaker until, at last, everything was gone. With each question, they had moved further and further away, though he'd been barely aware of the motion at first.

Vampire harems. Elf brothels. Daemons and succubi and dryads and jelly maids and everything. She had probed with giggling question after giggling question about those who had conquered him, and with each recollection, she had added to the hallucinated memories that now plagued him.

Stinging tongues tormented his cock. Plush elven lips blew sweet vapor into his face, dazing him, making him compliant and horny. Succubi kissed his lips with their unbearably teasing touches. And little teeth grazed his neck, reminding him of what came next.

He was lost in it all. It was all designed to make his cock hard, make his mind weak, make him compliant. He couldn't remember how to fight. He knew he needed to, but he couldn't even muster the energy to glare anymore. He had lost.

The mermaid knew she had won, too, because she couldn't stop giggling. She was still talking, still filling him with ideas, but he could barely hear any of it consciously anymore. Whenever he tried to parse something she was telling him, the light-that-didn't-exist would flash again, and he would find his mind once again unable to focus.

Even the awareness that he had lost was getting harder and harder to hold onto. It just felt so good to give in. It felt so good to follow and obey. So good to listen to her sweet, dulcet tones fill him with words he didn't need to understand.

"...so good," he dimly registered her saying, "feel so hot, so sexy to obey ... mm, Chrysa really did a number on you, didn't she? And you were supposed to be the strong one!"

She laughed. He heard himself laughing, too. It was sort of funny. He'd thought he was so strong, so impervious. Now he was letting this fey tug him along like a dog on a leash. Maybe this was where he belonged.

He just felt too weak to fight. Chrysa had sucked and sucked and he just ... couldn't ... remember ...

... how to not obey.

He returned her smile, and felt a fresh surge of joy enter his body as Chrysa's illusory lips finally fastened around his shaft and begin to drink.

~~~~

"Well, hello there." Larya flinched away as something slimy caressed her ankle. "You're a vision from the outside in, you know that?"

Larya spun around, trying to ignore the sounds of the mermaid orgasmic behind her. But she didn't see whatever it was that had touched her: only dark, empty waters. She squinted. There was a disturbance in the water before her. Something had just moved through it. "Who are you?" she demanded.

"Can't you see?" The voice came from her right. Larya turned, but still saw nothing. Was it something invisible? "I'm your dearest dream, sweet druidess. I'm what you came down here for."

"I haven't cum yet," she quipped. Calling upon the World Base—though only a fragment, as she was worried calling upon it too much might be her undoing in her current needy state—she used a bit of magic Lim had taught her to heighten her sense of smell.

The magic interacted funny for a moment with the spell already on her. Larya guessed the spell wasn't meant to work underwater, but trusted that it would sort itself out soon. Druidic magics rarely worked against each other, unlike most other forms of the arts. They cooperated. Just like druid and fey theoretically did.

"Ooh, that's cute," said the voice from behind her. Larya slowly turned, seeing, just as expected, absolutely nothing. "A little spell to find me? Wanna get a whiff, do we?"

Suddenly, Larya's nostrils were assailed by the strong scent of what could only be defined as sugar. It filled her nose, filled her mind. She clutched her nose, but the spell, somehow heightened, could not be foiled. She felt her mind going woozy, and in that moment of weakness, the thing struck. Warm, slick arms of slime wrapped around her belly, just beneath her breasts. A warm, gooey liquid touched her shoulder and neck, slid across soft skin, dribbled down her neck to her cleavage. Her skin tingled from the contact, and she let out an involuntary gasp.

The voice spoke again, tickling her ear with a wet tongue-like appendage. "What a sweet thing you are."

Eyes wide, Larya did the only thing she could do—she elbowed back. Hard. But to her horror, her elbow just sank right into the midst of something sticky, slimy, and undeniably wet—wet in a way her spell couldn't help her ignore.

"Mm," the voice said, "that feels good." Larya felt something sucking on her elbow, and suddenly, she felt her whole left arm yanked right into the middle of the mass. Her arm was totally immersed, right up to her trembling fingers.

Despite herself, Larya gasped. The sucking felt like thousands of little mouths, and for a moment Larya had the irrational fear that this was some sort of octopus mermaid grappling her with her sucker-covered tentacles.

Her fear gave her strength, and she jerked away, breaking through the tendrils gripping her chest. Her arm remained trapped, however, and as she turned, she saw just what had caught her.

It was slime. Shiny, jiggly slime, like jello from the plant cultists' feast Snatch and Larya had attended—well, crashed—last month. It was pink—hot pink—and it had a faint glow to it.

It was also a girl. A girl straight out of Larya's most unrealistic wet dreams as a teenager—an amazon of cartoonish proportions. Her breasts were the size of honeydew melons, and they jiggled and bounced much like Larya had imagined her own would back before she'd learned a little bit about the laws of gravity. Her lips—slightly darker pink slime—were ridiculously plush, almost pillow-like. She fluttered eyelashes on big, innocent eyes, eyes wide with what could be mistaken for embarrassment if not for the amused smile on her youthful face. Ropy tendrils of slime trailed down her shoulders like hair, all the way to her absurdly tiny waist. Her hips were wide and promising, giving her the sort of hourglass figure that even a Thriae would lactate at.

Larya swallowed. "What the fuck?"

This wasn't a fey—at least, not any fey Larya had ever heard of. It was a girl made of slime. There were 'dryad'-like fey women based on mold slimes, but even they usually looked real. Not this...parody, this caricature of sexuality.

And yet, in spite of her absurd figure, Larya felt her cheeks heating up. She stared into the slime woman's eyes, saw her arm gripped tightly between the slime girl's boobs (it seemed wrong, somehow, to call them anything more mature), and felt the sucking at her bare, too-long-teased skin.

"What the fuck?" she repeated.

The slime girl giggled. "Like what you see? Because I..." She leaned closer, her whole form rippling in a small undersea current, "like what I feel."

The sweet smell came even stronger, and Larya nearly doubled down. Her eyes closed by reflex as she tried to shut the saccharine scent out. She felt the warm slime surge up her arm. "Hey!" she cried. She opened her eyes and found her arm totally immersed up to the shoulder. Now the breasts were pressing against her body. They were firm, but seemed to yield when pushed against.

Larya realized now that this creature intended to submerge her completely. Her body sang with longing, but her mind raced for a solution...and came to only one. That was it. She was out of options. Staring the slime creature right in the eye, she connected herself to the World Base. She opened her mouth to let out a scream of pure sonic energy—her most complicated spell, and the most certain when it came to killing strange and alien creatures.

But then the creature moved again, mashing her lips against Larya's open mouth in a dizzying kiss. The scent was overpowering. Slime rushed down Larya's throat, despite her efforts not to swallow.

Worse, Larya's grip on the World Base didn't loosen—it tightened.

She felt the powers of nature rushing through her again, but now, with the threat to their presence gone, they were working against her, filling her with horny desire to let this strange creature have its way with her.

She dimly wanted to curse the day she'd chosen to attune herself this closely.

She vividly wanted to go limp.

Go limp. Shh! It's okay. Just relax. Mm, feels so good. Tastes so good. It did taste good. Like strawberries, and mango, and pure sugar cane from the stalk. Larya's whole vision was immersed in pink pleasure. Her lips were sending sparks up to her brain telling her to obey, and her pussy...

Her pussy was in heaven. The slime was surging into it, tickling over her clitoris, chemically stimulating every single little nerve down there. Warm slime rushed into her, making her whole body come alive with excruciatingly erotic sensation. She involuntarily bucked, and wriggled, and moaned, and—

Heehee! No! Not until you're a good girl for me!

Despite her arousal, despite all the teasing pleasure, she couldn't come. She gasped, inhaling more of the delicious slime, and realized that she would have to feel this way forever if she didn't submit. She almost wanted that. It felt so good to be here, on the edge, moaning and drinking. But she wanted more. She needed more. And she would only get more if she agreed to be a good girl.

So she did. Larya went totally limp and felt herself sink fully into the slime girl's embrace. The creature's boobs pressed against her own, then melted around her, melted around her whole body. The slime girl kept kissing Larya until her whole body was absorbed. Her pussy was on fire. Her breasts were rising up from her chest, lifted up by the goo so every inch of skin could be titillated. Larya was gasping into the kiss, unable to breathe anything but the tasty, sweet nectar of her lover's very essence.

Then the slime girl broke off the kiss and locked eyes with Larya. Larya felt herself suddenly held captive by those beautiful hot pink orbs. "Doesn't it feel good?" she cooed. "Wouldn't the whole world love to feel like this?"

Larya was insensible. Larya was desperate. So she just cried, "Yes, yes, oh, fuck, yes, fuck me now! Oh, please!"

The slime girl smiled coyly. "Mm. I'm supposed to wait until you've met the Goo Queen." But as she spoke, the slime around Larya's breasts started to spin, like little whirlpools in the slime girl's own body. Larya trembled and shook, and the slime shook and jiggled around her. The slime girl's eyes screwed up in pleasure at the sensation. "Ooh, fuck, you're tasty..."

"Please," Larya whimpered, "I won't tell her." She didn't know who the Goo Queen was, and right now, she didn't give a fuck. "I need you inside me. All the way. All the way. Oh, please, please!"

"Well, I'm not supposed to get all the way inside you..." The slime girl pouted those lush lips of hers, then brightened. "Ooh! I know! Lophii! Lophii!"

Larya heard something shifting in the water, and realized that the angler mermaid was moving. Slowly. Agonizingly slowly.

"Lophii," the slime girl said, staring adoringly at something over Larya's shoulder, "be a good pet and finish her off. I wanna feel her wriggling in me."

There was a pause.

Larya gasped as she felt something else enter the slime with her from behind.

"That's my little glowbug," said the slime girl proudly. "Oh, it was soooo yummy watching her hypnotize you. Lophii and Formes are our two prized bimbos, but we never get to take them anywhere niiice." She purred the word.

Larya started to tremble as she felt Lophii's tongue touch her sensitized thigh. The mermaid was moving up her leg, but slowly, unbearably slowly.

"Oh, she's such a cutie," the slime girl gushed, staring at Larya with a look of total love. Larya couldn't help but love her back. How could she not love this wonderful, beautiful creature that was making her whole body scream for submission? "And I can't wait to see her—" Larya felt Lophii's lips touch her very uppermost inner thigh, and she started to writhe, desperate to catch Lophii's head, to force it up to her cunt.

But the slime restricted her too much. The slime girl's eyes bugged out, and she let out an orgasmic sigh at Larya's struggles. "Oh. Ooh! Oh, yes. I haven't had a wriggler in oh-so-long!"

Larya 'wriggled' more as Lophii's tongue started to lap at her outer folds. She started to pant. The slime was making her horny all over—she needed to be touched all over, caressed, petted, fucked, owned, but Lophii would only move so fast, and she was held too firmly to touch herself. She stared at the slime girl longingly. "Please," she whimpered, "oh, please, I'll do anything, just—"

The slime girl licked her lips. "Mm. Y'know, I think I need to feel you beg." She leaned in.

"What?" Larya whispered.

"Beg for me," cooed the slime girl, and she wrapped her arms around Larya's head and pulled her into another devastating kiss.

If Larya's legs hadn't been supported by the slime girl's body, her knees would have buckled. As it was, she trembled and screamed as the slime girl's tongue probed inside her again, and her screams hit a new octave as Lophi's tongue finally reached her clit.

No, commanded the petulant voice of the slime girl in her head, beg! Beg like a slut! Ooh, I haven't dirty-talked in forever, either. Beg like a bimbo! Beg like a—

"Please," Larya tried to say, and she heard her voice reverberate within the body of the slime girl, "please fuck me! Fuck me like a—fuck me like a slut, oh, yes, like your slut—" She could barely speak as the tongue started to lap in earnest at her clit, as the moans and gasps and pants of the mermaid started to reverberate back to her, as she realized she couldn't even breathe— "I'll be your bimbo, your little landwhore trash, just use me and oh fuck just please never stop fucking meeEEEEE" She seized up and squealed as the licking brought her right to the precipice of a world-shattering orgasm without end.

But something held her there.

The slime girl pulled back, freeing Larya's head from the confines of the slime, and gave her a smug smile. "Heehee! That's ... mm, that's enough." She looked oddly worn out. "I musta come, like, five times. Ooh, fuck. We're gonna have fun with you."

"No!" Larya whimpered. She tried to clamp her legs around Lophii's head, but the mermaid was already withdrawing.

"Sorry!" sang the slime girl, giggling. "I'm really not allowed to make you come. We want the human girls primed and ready."

Though her desperation, through the tingling that was driving her mad with unsatisfied lust, Larya's conscious mind managed one last reasonable question. "Ready for what?"

The slime girl smirked. She leaned in and planted a little kiss on Larya's nose. Even from this little bit of sensation, Larya couldn't hold back a moan. "For Phase Two!"

~~~~

Snatch regained consciousness lying in a bed of soft ... something. He gave a start when he realized his bed was soft, squishy, and suspiciously tentacular, but it wasn't as big a start as he would have liked. Actually, he felt rather averse to sudden movements. It was very comfortable here.

"Mm." The husky feminine voice was right beside his ear. "Awake at last."

Startled, Snatch tried to roll away and spring to his feet. The 'bed' he was on was incredibly slippery, though, and he found himself succeeding in nothing but lying upon his stomach instead of his back. His eyes shot open.

He realized he was lying on an enormous anemone. No, in an enormous anemone. Its tentacles were caressing him gently, running over his arms and legs in slow, silken movements. And at the anemone's center was the face of a beautiful blue-skinned woman. She smiled at him, and he felt his heart flutter. "Oh, good. I love having you facing me. It's so nice to see those big, panicked eyes of yours."

He tried to speak, but it was like his sense of time had slowed to a world of treacle. Everything around felt too fast, and it felt so hard to manage words. Before he could muster more than an "Ah," she laughed and cut him off. He found himself meekly acceding. "Now, now. No objections. They left you here for me and that's that."

Snatch realized his whole head felt fuzzy, crackly. He could barely see straight. His whole body felt weak and frail. Arguing with this creature was just...

"—so much trouble," the anenome creature cooed. Her eyes were a bright gold, with serpentine pupils. "And it is just so hard to keep those eyes open, isn't it?"

He tried to fight. He tried to keep his eyes open, to keep staring into her big, fluttering orbs. But it was so much effort ...

"Just tires you out," she purred. He felt something slippery wrapping around his cock. "Just makes you tired, sleepy, obedient."

"Obedi—" He wanted to argue, but it was too hard to speak and keep his eyes open. He couldn't think of what to say.

"Obedient," she repeated, smiling at him.

"Obedient," he murmured. His eyes were closing. He felt like he'd run a marathon today. The slippery things were stroking his cock with a hypnotic slowness. His mind struggled against the darkness closing in, but how could anything fight a darkness so easy?

"And you just want to lie down in me," she said softly. "Don't you?"

He just wanted to lie down and accept it.

"Hard to think."

It was hard to ...

"Hard to move."

His body slowly curled up. The slow, lazy strokes built his tormented cock towards ...

"Obedient. Pleasured." The face seemed to come closer—or maybe he was sinking deeper amid the tentacles—and was now only centimeters from him. The eyes commanded all of his attention. The eyes commanded him. Her bright red lips took his gaze only for a few moments, to focus on the sensuous way she pronounced the words, before he returned to the eyes. "So much pleasure," she whispered. "Unending. Pleasure."

Unending pleasure. His hips started to thrust in time with the strokes. He felt more tentacles wrapping around him.

"So submissive," she said, her lips nearly touching his. "So ready to sleep."

His eyes drifted closed as her lips touched his, and he felt sharp shark-like teeth—

"Tangling Hope, nope, off with the dope!" The voice came with a strange vibrant intensity that made Snatch's teeth chatter and eyes flash open. "There's one you aren't meant to grope! No cum, pretty one, no meal for you, no meat or sinew to hatch a brood!"

The woman let out a loud hiss and recoiled. In a flash, Snatch saw her for what she really was—no angelic woman, but a fanged yellow-eyed monster with a pretty face. At the same time, his mind surged into sudden wakefulness as he remembered that reality was a thing he was a part of and had some level of agency in. At the same time, an older training took over and reminded him of one of his most important lessons.
