 When sneaking past a deep-sea cookiecutter shark mermaid possessed by a demonic slime girl, the real key was being light on one's feet.

Snatch, known as Alrek to his nonexistent friends, was not light on his feet.

Loweina shot him a dirty look that had nothing to do with suggestiveness as he again nearly stumbled on a bit of coral. Somehow, even Mylio, half-unconscious from continuous fucking and brainwashing, was being more stealthy than Snatch.

They were back in the gardens now, and the Goo Queen was straight up ahead. Currently between them and the Goo Queen were three possessed Deep Merfolk they didn't want to tangle with. The merfolk would be gone soon enough, but they needed to get close to the Goo Queen before they were noticed. They wouldn't have many shots at this—Loweina was no warrior, and Snatch was still exhausted and weak from the jelly maid's sucking, even after his unwanted rest in the jail cell.

He nearly tripped again, and this time Loweina just rolled her eyes. He chewed on his upper lip. Snatch had never been the "delicate steps" sort of thief, back when he'd been a thief. He was a lockpicker—the sort of burglar who preferred to sneak when nobody was home to critique his performance with, say, calls for the Night Watch. And in his defense, it was not easy to sneak here. The Garden was a cluttered place, and they were keeping to the most densely-populated parts of it to avoid being spotted.

"Right," Loweina whispered softly, and Snatch and Mylio came to a halt. "We're close. Wait here."

Snatch didn't argue. He rather wanted to listen to whatever it was the Goo Queen was saying. It was about someone he owed a debt to.

"...find that landwhore eventually," the Goo Queen said, sounding irritated.

"Of course, my queen!" gushed all three lesser merfolk in unison.

"We need that druid. Need her power." The Goo Queen pinched her nipples, letting out a slight moan. "Need her under me. F-fuck." Her eyes closed, but she continued to speak. "Do you think she'll come back?"

"We have her partner captive," said one deep mermaid—the same gulper maid who had swallowed Snatch earlier. "Humans are sentimental."

"She'd better come back," the Goo Queen growled. "Without her, we'll have to ... have to start from scratch. Find a different druid. Damn it, why aren't there any merfolk druids in the area? It would make everything so much simpler!"

Snatch was so concentrated on the conversation, he almost didn't notice the pink tendril arcing towards him in the water.

But he did notice. Barely holding in a curse, he fell backwards into a crablike position as a madly-proportioned pink slime girl appeared above him. She giggled, straddling his waist. "I keep running into you like this, don't I?" she whispered.

Snatch exchanged a look with Loweina, then with Mylio. They both looked unsure. He looked back at the slime girl through narrowing eyes, ignoring his rising erection—though with him underneath the slime girl's slick body, it was not easy to ignore. "So you caught us. Go ahead and sound the alarm—we'll kill you if you try."

The slime girl—Alless, that was her name—only beamed. "Silly boy. You can't hurt me! Nothing can!" She sounded quite proud.

"Not even a geyser stick?" Loweina asked, holding one of the little rune-inscribed twigs up in her pale hand.

The pink slime girl glanced at it, scoffed, then did a double-take. She cocked her head. "Ooh. We've been naughty, haven't we, Loweina?"

"Oh, so very naughty," Loweina said with a smirk. "And if you up the jig, we will burn you." Snatch had never seen her truly try to look menacing before. It was a rather disturbing sight. Loweina was far from unattractive, but when she wanted to, her baggy pale eyes looked sunken—positively skeletal.

The goo girl seemed to stick her tongue into her cheek, though with a form that amorphous, she could just as easily be sticking her tongue through her cheek. "Okay, then," she said at last. "No alarm." She rose up off of Snatch, to his relief, and jiggled closer to Loweina, smirking. "Why don't we have some fun, cutie? What do you think? Want more?"

Snatch saw Loweina trembling slightly. "N-no," she muttered. "We will—"

"Aw, see, here's the thing!" The goo girl poked Loweina's breast. Snatch watched the slime of her finger seem to swirl around the nipple, eliciting a soft gasp. "Geyser sticks are pretty noisy. I don't think you'll use one unless you have to. So let's just keep this between us girls, huh?"

"No—"

"Always say yes," the slime girl breathed, leaning close for a kiss. She stopped short, however, as Mylio grabbed her ankle—or tried to, anyways. She looked down and blinked wide eyes. "Ooh, what have we here?"

Snatch saw a look enter Loweina's eye, and knew exactly what it meant. His mind and heart raced.

"You know," the deep mermaid said, her voice suddenly silky again, "why keep it just between us girls?"

"Hm?" Aless seemed distracted by Mylio, who had pushed himself up into the water. Swimming was clearly still a challenge for him, and he wavered even from this slight exertion.

"Leave my Mistress alone," Mylio said, eyes narrowed.

"Mmyes," Loweina said, grinning sharp teeth. She gave Snatch a look that made his blood go cold, and understanding just in time, he averted his gaze. A moment later, he caught the familiar glow as her hair began to light up. "Have you tasted this one yet, Allessiantha?"

"Mm. I'm gonna taste all of you." Alless licked her lips. "Don't think you can trade off a boytoy to keep me entertained." 

"But who to taste first?" Loweina said, her voice low and sibilant. "Who to hold within you, tormenting, pleasuring to madness?"

"Mistress," Mylio began, "I—"

"Who to submit to you?" Loweina whispered. "Look at him. So proud, once. Now desperate to be a loving pet. Maybe ... your pet."

"Mm. You ... can't fool me." But the slime girl's voice sounded slightly dreamy now. "I, like, know your li'l tricks, Loweina. Us slime girls are immune to that sort of ... that sort of thing. You can't hypno ... uh, hyp ... no ..." Her voice trailed off like a sail without wind. Snatch waited for what felt like a minute.

"...uh, me," she finished, sounding confused.

"You're getting so hot imagining it," Loweina cooed. "You can take us later."

"Later ..." Alless repeated, in an almost singsong tone. She appeared to snap back to focus. "Hey, no, I gotta—"

"You could take all of him inside you. That tight, muscular body..."

"Please, Mistress." But Mylio's voice sounded unsteady, confused. Betrayed by his dominator. Snatch almost felt sorry for the asshole, but what was he supposed to do? It was all he could do to tune out Loweina's melodic voice. The last thing he needed was to get himself brainwashed now.

"Feel every one of his muscles. Feel him spasm in you. Your writhing pet, enslaved to your pleasure." The words came out like thick syrup, as though Loweina savored every one.

"Yeah ..." The slime girl's voice was barely a murmur now. "That does sound ... sweet."

"Sweet domination," Loweina hissed. "Sweet surrender."

"Um, but, I'm supposed to ..."

"Later," the mermaid soothed. Snatch caught the lights flashing slightly brighter, and had to cover his eyes. Her voice was almost inescapable, even when not directed at him.

"Yeah. Later."

"Need to feel him now."

"Need ... feel ..." Snatch heard the slime girl moving.

"Mistress!" Mylio cried. "Please! I love you!"

"Feels so good to submit, Myley. So good to any mistress."

"B-but—"

"What does obedience bring?"

"P-pleasu—mmf!" Mylio's voice was cut off as Aless's body consumed him entirely.

Loweina kept talking for a while. Snatch plugged his ears as best he could, but bits and pieces—how good it felt to take it slow, how good it felt to control, how good it felt to be controlled—sifted through. It felt like a full minute had passed when he at last felt a tap on his shoulder. His eyes opened.

Loweuina smirked down at him. Nearby, Mylio lay twitching within the softly moaning slime girl. They looked almost asleep, but every now and then, he would jerk, or she would cry out in ecstasy. Her eyes were screwed shut in bliss. "That aughta keep 'em for a bit."

Snatch stared at her a moment. "You're a real piece, you know that?"

"Thanks." She winked. "I've worked hard to become so."

He rose back up partway and looked around. The Goo Queen was now alone in the garden. It was perfect. But ...

He hated that he had to ask it.

"What about Mylio?" he asked.

Loweina gave a lazy shrug. "We can't kill the slime without being noticed. He keeps her busy."

"Can't you just, I dunno ..." Snatch thought back to incidents involving Larya and a particular toy-using sorceress. "Have her do herself?"

"Slime girls can't masturbate." She beckoned as she began to swim ahead again, moving into position. "Fun science lesson."

~~~~ ~~~~

They were only about four meters away, now. The Goo Queen was lazily rubbing her breasts, staring up into the darkened...above. Giant anemones and those strange tubeworm things surrounded her.

Loweina did not dare speak now, even with the queen so distracted. She just looked at Snatch and nodded, and he understood: They would never have a better shot.

She gestured for Snatch to linger behind as she crept up. He had to admit, considering his stealth track record, that was fair. He clenched his fists, wishing for all the world he had his scythe right now as the mermaid swam forward.

Loweina's form shimmered in the dim light of a nearby luminescent slime of some sort—thankfully of the non-sentient variety.

Hopefully, anyways. Snatch had never seen a place so overrun with demonic energy. It reminded him of another, distant time. Of somber stone walls and somberer instructors. He knew how dangerous this place was. How powerful a force of temptation it could become, if allowed to spread.

Shit, he thought, looking around him, Larya was right. I guess that means I'm about to die.

Of course she had been. He'd been a coward earlier—trying to convince her to just abandon the merfolk. He was always a coward, and fairly proud of it, but he knew there was no way to really justify it this time. If they didn't do something now, a lot of people were going to die. Or worse.

And despite years of training, that did, on some level, bother him. Larya really was starting to get to him.

Had been starting to get to him.

Snatch returned his attention back to Loweina. The deep mermaid was on the very edge of the tubeworms, now, staring at the Goo Queen mere meters away. It was nervewracking to watch. She was staying almost perfectly still—save the odd twitch or shifting—likely trying to get into position. Snatch squinted. It was tricky to see her through the forest of tubeworms. She was completely surrounded by them.

Immersed in them.

A thought struck Snatch. A terrible, terrible thought that could not possibly be true. His heart lurched. Very cautiously, he stepped forward and reached his arm out into the little forest.

The phallic tubeworms did not react at first. Then they started to coalesce around his arm, brushing by it in slow, feathery strokes. It was almost unnoticeable, but Snatch was looking for it.

Dragonshit. Snatch screwed up his willpower, took a deep, meaningless breath, and stepped forward. The tubeworms gathered around his whole body in light little caresses. It was like being, well, immersed in phalli. Snatch tried not to think about it like that.

It wasn't altogether unpleasant, was the problem. The touches were slight, and not especially bothersome—though the tubeworms grazing his cock were a little more affecting, and he had to keep his ass tightly clenched to dissuade curious worms from trying to enter there. But they became more repetitive, more insistent, more flat-out numerous the further in he got. They were petting him with deliberate strokes now.

Luckily, they didn't appear to be designed to bother human men overmuch. The touches on his chest and back were somewhat pleasant—like a light massage—but not by any means overpowering. He was able to withstand their attentions long enough to reach Loweina.

Merfolk, he guessed, had a very different response.

The mermaid stood stock-still in the deep waters, her tail twitching slightly. Her eyes were wide, her mouth clenched tightly shut. The worms were probing at it, appearing eager to enter, but could only stroke along her lips. It seemed even that was having an effect. The tubeworms ran over her back, her belly, over and between her breasts, stroking her incessantly. A mermaid's whole human body was erogenous, and it was very obvious to Snatch that these tubeworms were designed to capture merfolk in particular. It seemed Loweina had never lain with these particular garden pets, or perhaps had forgotten. Or had thought herself strong enough to resist.

Snatch winced as he felt the tubeworms running over his cock more firmly. The repeated attentions were having an effect. There were too many to ward away, and the little knife he had couldn't cut them all.

Loweina let out a little moan. Snatch gave a start, eyes wide. He frantically gestured for her to remain quiet, or to get out of the worms, but she could only shake her head slightly. Her eyes sank downward, and he realized that the smaller tubeworms had wrapped around her tail, holding her in place.

She moaned again, louder, despite her obvious efforts to contain herself. Snatch ducked down onto his hands and knees and raised the dagger, frantically sawing at the smaller tubeworms. He knew that they were massing around his own ankles now, but that wouldn't matter if Loweina could get free. The knife didn't make much sound, but the little squeaking sound of the sawing was still much more than they could afford.

Loweina started to whimper—not singular moans, but a steady stream of whines and grunts. It sounded like her mouth was starting to open. Snatch furiously hacked away. He was almost halfway through.

Loweina's mouth opened to let out a cry.

Mercifully, she was cut off midway as a phallic tubeworm shot inside, reducing the rest of her cry to a choked moan. But it was too late. Snatch heard the Goo Queen's self-pleasuring come to a halt.

"Hm?" The Queen sounded more amused than anything else. "Oooh. Just in time."

Snatch struggled to rise, but found he could not—the tendrils had wrapped around both his ankles, rooting him to the ground. He put all his energy into the knife, drawing it across the last of Loweina's bindings in one furious motion. Loweina's tail whipped free!

He looked up, and his heart sank.

Loweina hovered above the sand, her chin held in the supple fingers of the Goo Queen. Her mouth was full of the tentacle as it moved in and out of her, mercilessly stimulating her sensitive lips. She was completely immersed from the neck down in long, soft tentacles that ran over her whole body, stroking it like willing lovers. Her eyes were wide open and staring at

the

Goo Queen's

lovely

necklace.

Snatch stared at the spot right above the Goo Queen's breast. The dark tattoos ran around her neck like an ornament of jewelry, writhing in place, writhing in so many beautiful spirals. He felt his jaw going slack. At the same time, he felt the strategy of the tubeworms change—they began to approach him not as phalli, but as tendrils, becoming softer, looser, leaner as they wrapped around his cock. He gasped as they began to stroke.

"Silly," scolded the Goo Queen, giving a soft, tinkling laugh. "Silly."

Snatch heard Loweina moan, her desperation clear. It was obvious she was getting close to orgasm. But he couldn't look. It was so, so important, somehow to watch the patterns on the Goo Queen's neck. They would make everything right. He was sure of it.

"I've always dreamed of breaking you, Loweina," said the Goo Queen. "Stubborn little vagabond that you were. I've dreamed of mastering you, the last of the free-willed Deep Ones. Who knew all it would take would be a nice big dick between those sweet lips of yours?

"And you?" Alrek instinctively sensed he was being addressed. He smiled vacantly. The stroking on his cock felt so ... right. It felt so right to have pleasure, as the spirals wished him to.

The designs twisted and writhed, and he didn't even bother trying to follow them. It was easier to let himself drown in their complexity. The tentacles stroked along his shaft, covering it in soft, velvet pleasure, and his hips bucked into them eagerly. He was so close...

"You disappointed me earlier. I'm sure you'll have more stamina soon enough, though, once you have drunk your fill." She paused, appearing to notice the vacant look in his eyes. "Oh. Already broken? Poor little dear. Did we enjoy Chrysa?"

"Chrysa," he whispered, remembering stinging tentacles, unbearable tickling. And then he was at the edge, and as those thoughts filled his empty mind, he went over. He felt all the joy rush through him at once as he came, and the ecstasy sent his mind spinning deeper into the Goo Queen's wonderful power. It felt so good to serve her, to let her give him pleasure.

No! He tried to wrest his gaze away, but for every band of black he looked away from, there was another spiral to become lost in. "No..." he managed.

"Always say yes." The voice was not mocking or giggly now. This was a command. The tendril around his cock seemed to vibrate, drawing out his orgasm longer.

"Yes," he heard himself say. He heard Loweina moan something that might have been similar, had her mouth not been full.

"Good boy!" the Goo Queen cooed, and he shuddered at the praise. "Finally, you're seeing sense. And you, Loweina?" Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the Goo Queen lean close. "Come, now. What have we learned? Oh, yes, out with the worm. I want to hear you say it."

With a loud popping sound, the worm in Loweina's mouth came out. It fell by Snatch's head, then snaked back up to join the mass surrounding her tormented body. Her cries came out loud and clear, now.

"Now, then, slut," hissed the Goo Queen. "Say it. Say you submit. Say you want more. Say you are ours. Say you can't resist. Say yes, you stubborn little bitch."

There was a moment when Loweina had to struggle to speak, clearly. She was gasping and crying out as the orgasm took her body and mind alike. The Goo Queen waited. Snatch, a captive to the patterns, a slave to the stroking of his long, sensitive cock, waited with her. It would be so nice if Loweina submitted to his Queen, he knew. Then she could master him again, and he could submit to even more mistresses. How perfect that would be.

The energy had left him for resistance. He just wanted to give in. They had lost, and it had never felt so good to lose. He wanted to lose himself here, alone and in the darkness, to sink into the pleasure and never emerge. It seemed fair. It felt right.

Then Loweina spoke.

"H-H—Haukadalur," she whispered. And something snapped.

Snatch felt the ground shake. The Goo Queen stepped back, and as the tattoo vanished behind the sea of tubeworms, his mind fragmented for a moment.

It returned to a deafening roar and the sensation of scalding heat. He tried to scream, but no sound came out. Then a hand gripped his arm and yanked him backwards. His mind struggled to make sense of this—he had been so ready to surrender, and then ...

"Damn you!" screeched a shrill voice. Snatch blinked. He struggled to his feet, suddenly finding that the tubeworms had been almost completely burned away. Loweina lay beside him, gasping for breath.

"Gotcha," she rasped, giving him a feral grin. Snatch looked over, the fog slowly clearing, toward the Goo Queen. He realized just what had happened.
