 Chris sat down and looked over the map carefully, mindful of the hot glare the hot blonde was stabbing him with the whole time. Lana sat beside Alexis and looked more dismayed then upset. Easy for her, she hadn't been in charge of the map.

Alexis frowned, "Well?"

"Well, I can safely say we are not lost."

The Knight raised a brow, "Not lost? What do you call being someplace we are not supposed to and not knowing where?"

The hunter put down the map and pointed at the road they had been on, "We are hardly lost, Sir Knight. When we came to the split in the road we just took the wrong one...and then the other split in that road. These paths must be recent if they are not on the Temple's map. We just follow the roads back to the right way."

Alexis looked at the map before frowning again, "But where exactly are we?"

Damn this woman could be stubborn. Chris checked the map before waving his hand vaguely at one point, "Here, somewhere. This map is old, but there must be settlements around now. This path seemed to lead close to the border to the northern lands of Haron. I would break my bow if there wasn't an inn or two for traders or sellswords."

Lana bent over the map like a child in school, "Haron?"

"The northern lands. Snow and ice and worst. No need to visit that war-torn place."

Lana blinked before asking, "Snow?"

Alexis and Chris stared at Lana. The tan girl blushed and looked between them. Alexis was at least glad she wasn't lowering her head anymore.

"Lana, you have never seen snow?"

Lana shook her head, "I might have heard the name before, but it has never come to Sabacc."

Of course not. Snow was the last thing to see in a desert land, "It is sort of like frozen rain. Small white drops at fall when it is cold and covers the ground."

Lana's eyes went wide, "Can we see it?"

Chris shook his head, "Not now. We have a desert to see first. Plus Haron is not the safest place right now. Seems the new lord of Stormhold is on the warpath, looking to make himself king. We have enough problems without being caught up in a war."

Lana looked downcast, and Alexis sort of felt the way. Knights of the Heart sometimes made pilgrimages to holy sites in places like Haron. She would like to one day visit places like the Crystal Forest or the castle where the legendary Huntress was said to have killed her first Vampire Lord. 

"Now then!" 

Alexis looked up as Chris spoke and rolled up his map. The girls stood as well and they were ready to backtrack when Chris suddenly took out his bow, spun around, and fired an arrow into some bushes. A pained growl came from the foliage before something slumped out. The arrow was imbedded in the head of the biggest wolf Alexis had ever seen. 

"What the..."

Chris walked up and pulled the arrow out, "Dread wolf. A bigger, nastier wolf native to Haron. Used to have a cloak made of their fur."

Lana looked at the wolf in shock, "Why is it here then?"

"Better hunting grounds. War is draining on the land and animals. Better to hunt a deer down south then try to find an army's leftovers."

Alexis nodded, and then drew her sword as the sounds of horses approached. Three mounted warriors sped toward them. The leader wore steel armor and a sword and was human. Lana made a noise of discomfort toward the other two. Alexis needed them to come closer for her to notice they wore leather armor and had green skin. Orcs. Alexis shivered as she remembered how an Orc had violated her pussy and ass. She raised her sword and motioned Lana behind her.

The warrior stopped in front of them and the human leader dismounted. The Orcs stayed on their horses as the leader's helmed head turned from them to the wolf and to the bloody arrow in Chris' hand. Then he raised his visor to show a shallow brown beard and dark eyes.

The man bowed, "A good day to you, travelers."

Alexis lowered her sword a bit and nodded, "A good day to you as well...?"

The man caught the question and smiled, "Derik. Lord Derik Cros of Castle Cros."

Not any place she had ever heard of. He would be a lesser lord, having only a castle and maybe a small settlement. Still, he was a lord. 

Alexis sheathed her sword and bowed, "A pleasure to meet you, my Lord. I am Sir Alexis Rosecruise, Knight of the Heart."

Derik raised a brow in surprise, "A member of the Order? Forgive me my dear, but you do not exactly look the part."

Chris sat down on the dread wolf and checked the arrow, "Good thing too, or we would never get anywhere with people fawning over the shining Knight."

Lord Derik glanced at Chris would a certain amount of distain. Even a lesser lord counted himself above someone like the hunter. And Alexis was fairly sure Chris would have no problem with violence if an argument started.

But the lord eventually nodded to himself, "Yes, perhaps. You do not speak like a common sellsword, and your speech and manners are far above that of a peasant. And..."

Derik walked up to her and gazed at her closely. For once Alexis didn't see the usual lust, but simple interest. Derik snapped his fingers, "Ah, of course! You were at Lord Andrew's party! You were wearing your armor then, but it is hard to forget such a face."

A thankful Alexis nodded, "Yes, my lord. I had that honor. I am afraid I do no remember you though."

Lord Derik waved his hand dismissively and turned back toward his horse, "Unlike you, I was not wearing full armor. Besides, one Heart Knight is easier to remember than one noble in a crowd of nobles. Come, let me welcome you."

-

Castle Cros was not at the level of Lord Andrew's manor, but it was still a fine structure. Outside the walls was the small settlement of Cros. The large lake both castle and village sat next to was a source of fish to eat and sell, Derik explained. 

Alexis and her companions rode with the lord of the castle. An extra horse had been brought incase the hunt took Lord Derik's. Now the three of them struggled to keep on the same mount. Well, Chris didn't struggle much as he was sandwiched between Alexis and Lana. The hard poking at her rear told her he was far from unhappy. The dead dread wolf was slung on the horse of one of the ever-silent Orcs. Alexis had asked about them to receive a surprising answer.

"They are my slaves." Lord Derik had said with some pride.

Alexis had almost stopped her horse to stare at him, "Slaves? Orcs?"

Derik nodded in delight, "It was my grandfather's doing. A large group of Orcs was raiding Cros for women and loot. The then Lord Cros gathered his men and townsfolk and beat them. Rather than kill them, he forced the slavers into slavery. Every Orc I own is descended from that raiding party."

Chris whistled, something Lord Derik did not seem offended by this time. Lana's eyes were wide as plates. She was from Sabacc, this whole situation must be the very definition of alien.

Alexis glanced at the Orcs then back to Derik, "Slavery is forbidden..."

"In cities like Solan. And by the oaths of your Order. There has not been a king in years to dictate the laws of these lands. Ulric Bloodrose is master of the desert and owns slaves. If he succeeds, the Lord of Stormhold may or may not make slaves in the north. In my small domain, my law is the only law. Besides, it is only Orcs. They raid, rape, and enslave by their culture. It is not like this is not deserved."

Alexis frowned. Her Order was completely opposed to slavery, even if the ones who set down that rule probably never imagined Orc slaves. But Derik would probably cast them out if she argued, or even turn his slaves on them. So Alexis held her tongue.

-

"Cute." Chris leaned against the doorframe and grinned at her. Alexis tugged at the blue blouse she wore. A matching skirt and some shoes were the outfit provided by Lady Cros for tonight. She had been overjoyed to also have some underwear to wear again. Wearing that leather skirt with her pussy bare had done her no good. 

Since arriving at the castle time had gone by fast. Lady Cros had given them the usual greetings and welcomed them to their home. More Orc slaves had taken away their horse and the dead wolf. Apparently it had been the last of a pack that had come down south for food. Now it went to join its brothers until they were made into a new cloak or rug. Lord Cros said their coming was perfect, as he was throwing a party on his private ship to celebrate the successful hunt. The beautiful Alexis and Lana had been invited aboard with more zeal then Chris, who had a marked disinterest with nobility. Alexis personally felt the same, but had accepted their host's offer. Now she stood in her room and removed her clothes. She felt naked without proper armor, but Derik refused to let her be seen out on the lake in leather. 

"Is your attire any better?" Alexis tossed her blouse on the bed and pulled down her skirt. She felt more comfortable in her new underwear already.

"Didn't check, not going."

Alexis turned to Chris in surprise. The hunter shrugged, "Me and boats don't mix, Sir Knight. I am a hunter, not a fisherman. And a boat full of snobs? I might gag."

Alexis sighed and put her skirt on the bed as well. She gasped as strong arms wrapped around her from behind. Chris slowly kissed up her neck.

"What are you doing?" 

"Getting you in the mood." A hand cupped her breast and rubbed the fabric of the bra against it. 

Alexis tried to swat the hand away, "We are in someone's castle! Are you insane?"

"No, but I want you." The hand squeezed her breast and Alexis gasped as he kissed up to her ear, "If you and Lana are going to be playing on a boat tonight I need you now."

Alexis turned her head to protest, he kissed her instead. It would have been a faint protest anyway. Alexis turned around in his grasp and kissed him back. The hunter was now free to grope her ass, something he did happily as their tongues battled. Next they fell onto the bed and Chris quickly pushed up her bra to suck at her breasts. Alexis moaned and moved her hips against the hard dent in his pants.

Chris released her breast and smirked, "Eager today, Sir Knight?"

A blushing Alexis groaned and tried to push his head back, "Just get on with it!"

Chris went back and lapped at her nipple with his tongue, his hands roamed her near naked body like a new toy. That was all there was for foreplay since both of them were eager and ready. Chris pulled his cock out and pushed aside the fabric covering his prize. Alexis wrapped her legs around him and guided him into her. Chris grunted at how tight she was. No matter what happened to her, her body always felt like new. It was like a dream. The two kissed again as Chris thrust into her. His hands palmed her breasts while his cock carved into her pussy and made her moan heatedly into their kiss. Chris broke the kiss to such at her tits again and savor the sounds of pleasure from Alexis. But the Knight bit her lip to muffle the sounds. It was sort of cute to watch his Knight struggle with the pleasure. But Chris wanted to hear her scream for him. He left her breasts and grabbed her hips. Chris sat up on his knees, lifted Alexis's lower body to accommodate his height, and went back to fucking her with one of his hands rubbing her clit. The jolts of pleasure were too much for her and Alexis' mouth let out a loud moan as she climaxed. Chris fought down the will to follow and continued thrusting into her through her orgasm. He lasted a few seconds afterwards before spilling into her. Chris, still in her pussy, fell on top of Alexis and smirked.

"Want to try it in the other way?" Chris had all but begged Alexis to let him try her ass. The Knight absolutely refused every time.

This was also one of those times, "Not going to happen." She smiled softly.

Chris sighed, the brightened up, "Well then, guess I don't need to move."

-

Lana walked around the courtyard with interest. As a sex slave, she had been in many noble houses of Sabacc. But these western castles were new to her. Grey stone and metal, this place must be terrible in winter. She guessed, since the eastern desert didn't have winter. Her new clothes, the same as Alexis' but grey, were just as strange to her. Out of habit she had not worn underwear, but she did not want to let her companions know that yet. The Mist...Alexis and Chris were probably having sex right now. For once, Lana was content with that. Alexis had been more patient and attentive with her since the snake incident and besides, Lana would be with her alone on the boat. She still didn't know why she was invited. She was not a slave anymore and didn't seem that different from Chris.

"Lord Derik doesn't seem that interested in ogling me." Chris had said. He seemed to imply it was because of her looks.

She was walking by the stables when she noticed three Orc slaves. That had to be the oddest part for her. She had been a slave to an Orc tribe, a pleasure slave to them. The idea of them being the slaves was stranger to the Sabacc girl than goddesses and knights. The Orcs were huddled together in an empty part of the stables. Curious, Lana crept up and hid out of sight. She still couldn't hear much, but they sounded excited for something.

"Just came here today. Two hot females."

"Great, more flesh to tease us with. Not like the master will let us touch them."

"Never know, remember those servants he sends to us if they disappoint him? We might get lucky tonight."

"What are you talking about, we are getting lucky tonight."

The slaves laughed at that and walked away. Lana lilted her head in wonder. They seemed upbeat for slaves. The happiness of a slave usually depended on the master. There had been owners that Lana had been happy with, and for some she had just done her duty. Lana stood up and was about to walk away when she noticed a stable boy gawking at her from the entrance. He actually looked older than her, but his face was as red as a young boy. 

"Umm...excuse me?" Lana asked hesitantly.

The boy stumbled with his words and gulped, "You...you're not wearing underwear!"

Lana hadn't realized she had been sitting with her privates exposed. The tan girl blushed slightly and nodded. The boy blushed deeper.

"That's not decent! Lady Cros is very clear on that!"

The boy looked conflicted on if he should run out and scream to the castle that she wasn't wearing her panties or standing there and staring at her. Lana didn't know if the Lady of the castle was really that strict, but she could be. One of her old owners had hated the color red so much he had banned anything red from his home. Lana didn't want to have Alexis kicked out so soon.

"Wait!" Lana raised up her hand as if he was about to run. 

The boy looked at her as she walked up to him.

"If you keep this a secret, I will do you a favor."

The boy frowned, "What kind of favor?"

"Do you promise?" Lana smiled at him. He blushed and nodded.

Lana fell on her knees and pulled down the fabric on her chest. The boy's eyes went wide as her breasts were bare and she pulled down his pants. A tug on his underwear sent his cock springing up. Lana's tongue went to work at once, licking and lathering his cock expertly. The stable boy had clearly not had much experience with this in his life as his cock twitched in pleasure. Lana could tell these things fairly well, having been a sex slave for a year. Her tongue ran up and down his shaft in long strokes to swirl around his head and lightly brush her lips across it each time. Any plans to tell his Lady about this seemed to have vanished by now as the boy groaned in enjoyment. He groaned louder when her mouth covered half of his cock and sucked gently on it. His inexperience made Alexis seem like a master at this, since he came right then. Lana dutifully swallowed down his cum before releasing his dick.

The former slave stood and smiled at him, her breasts bouncing lightly.

"T...thanks." The boy stammered.

Lana nodded, "Just remember, you promised."

-

There were many kinds of parties, and most depended on the people throwing it. A birthday party among family tended to be a friendly and decent gathering. Chris claimed that hunting parties in Haron usually led to drunken sex and fighting. Lana's experiences in Sabacc said that sex was the centerpoint of most parties. This one was a boring one thrown by mildly boring people. 

Alexis spend much of the party talking to Lord Derik and his circle and learned much about them. Lord Derik was, besides being the owner of Orc slaves, fairly dull. Unlike the commanding Lord Andrew or the powerful Suran Ulric, Derik was a man with a castle. Lady Cros was uptight and took the title of Lady to heart like some lesser nobles did. She was polite and courteous to the Heart Knight, but Alexis thought the Lady was expecting an affair between her and her husband. The other guests were worst, lesser people to a lesser lord. Most owned business involving the large lake they were on such as ship building or fishing. One of them had built the ship they stood on, The Goldfish. The food and drink were served by Orc slaves wearing loincloths to show off their hard bodies. Human guards were around to keep an eye on the labor. The Orcs, however, seemed in good spirits with large grins on their faces the whole time. Alexis wished she still had her sword, but it was in her room at the castle since Lord Derik insisted.

Alexis and Lana had been hit on by quite a few men that night but had turned them all down. Well, Alexis turned them down and Lana followed her lead. She had told the Knight she wouldn't accept unless Alexis was with her. Since Alexis had no intention of doing that many men went away rejected. To his credit, Lord Derik seemed faithful to his wife and was not one of the people offering to take them below deck. Eventually Lana wandered off for food and Alexis found a spot away from the thinning party. Unlike them, many guests had vanished into rooms enjoy one another. Alexis just looked out over the lake and hoped Chris was not causing trouble. He seemed to have a problem with fitting in around here. 

"Madame?" The gravelly voice was not human. Alexis had also heard such a voice before. The Knight turned her head to gaze at two Orcs.

"Yes?" She said curtly. Her experience with Orcs was bad and left her with a lower view of the race then she had already had. She was against enslaving even Orcs, but that didn't mean she had to like them.

"Is there any need we can see to?"

Alexis shook her head and turned back to the water, "No, thank you."

Then two strong arms wrapped her waist and arms in an embrace, "Then you can see to ours!"

Alexis gasped as she was spun around to face a now naked Orc. His friend holding her was probably the same. Male Orcs were naturally better endowed then humans and the green cock before her was proof of that.

The Orc tore her skirt off, her panties followed. Then the Orc pulled off her dress and bra and hooted as her large breasts bounced free. Alexis struggled in her captor's big arms and growled in anger when the Orcs gave a breast a squeeze. The hand roughly played with that breast while the Orc took the other in his mouth and sucked greedily on it. Alexis' face flushed, and she yelped as the Orc holding her lowered a hand and pushed three fingers into her pussy. Alexis gasped and the three large digits moved in her while the second Orc's tongue lapped at her tip.

"Stop! Now! Lord Derik..." Alexis stopped when the hand on her breast pinched and pulled her nipple.

"That human is dead, girl." The Orcs laughed together.

"Dead?"

"Yep. His cold corpse is floating in the water right now. Our brothers are probably fucking his wife right now and killing off the rest of the guards."

Alexis squirmed as the fingers moved faster in her pussy. Small moans were coming from her now as her pussy and breasts were pleasured. Lord Derik was dead, along with most of the guards on this boat most likely. They wouldn't expect their slaves to revolt after so long and wouldn't know how to respond now that their lord was dead. That also meant Alexis and Lana were trapped on this boat. Alexis doubted they would kill someone as attractive as Lana; she just needed to find her. 
