 Here is the next part. This chapter will feature more sexual encounters. Considering the site this is being posted on that is not a shock, but here is the warning none the less.




Alexis left early the next morning. The only ones to see her off were Masters Jacob and Melissa; this was a secret mission after all. Clad in her armor, Alexis was given a grey horse and a pack full of supplies for her trip. Jacob had handed her a map and directed her toward the city of Solan, a few miles east of the Order's compound. The large city would be a good place to plan a way to Sabacc, a place the Knights had no chapter in due to its very public Makon worship. 

Before she left, Melissa had given her some parting advice, "Be watchful, Alexis, anywhere you go. Your mother has been missing for years now while the God of Lust has been free to his devices. Lust spreads slowly, insidiously into people. If Alexandra is not found soon, all peoples will find themselves degrading into sexual depravity. The weak willed are likely already being overly influenced. Large centers of people will also be affected. We are on the losing end of this struggle, take nothing for granted."

Those sober words became very clear to Alexis now that she was close to Solan. She could almost make out the details of the city walls, and the higher buildings stood out in the blue sky. But Alexis could not go any further with these damned gate guards in her way. The two men wore the leather armor and hawk symbol of Solan, and manned one of the city's outposts. But from the look in their eyes, they were not interested in fighting off bandits. The moment Alexis had dismounted her horse and asked to pass, she had seen their eyes glue on her body. Young, slim, and beautiful, Alexis filled out her armor very well. Long legs were covered only by a leather skirt, her arms were bare. Her bustier pushed up and highlighted her large breasts. In short, the reaction Alexis had expected from and grown used to from men. What she had not expected was the guards refusing a Knight of the Heart passage. The Order was not bound to any nation, nor where nations bound to the Order. But very few ever actually denied the Knights passage.

"Sorry, miss, can't do that." One of them had said, his eyes still roaming up and down the 18 year old, "City and surrounding area is closed off for security."

"Very important, you understand." Came from the other one, "Lord Andrew is holding a party and does not want any trouble for his guests."

Fighting down the desire to gouge their eyes out and get on with her day, Alexis managed a rather polite tone as she spoke, "What kinds of guests would the Lord have that needed such protection?" 

"Oh, the really high and mighty. Kind that wouldn't look twice at us. The High Priest of the Light, the Archmage of the Spire, the Suran of Sabacc..."

Alexis perked up at once, "Sabacc? The desert nation? Here?"

One of the guards nodded, currently leering at her breasts as he spoke. How many eyes does a guard need anyway? "Yep. Bit surprised myself when I saw him riding toward us. But he had the invitation and all that. Nice guy, politely waited while we looked over his papers. And his companion! Gods, I'll never know how those tits managed to stay covered up."

"I need to pass. A Heart Knight is hardly going to cause trouble." Well, that was sort of true. If the Suran of Sabacc, a powerful Makon worshipper, was in the city, that was poor news. Lust would only corrupt the people even more while he walked among them. She needed to be there to watch him. And find out what he knew about her mother. 

The guards whispered to each other for a moment for grinning. One nodded, "Well, I suppose we can let one person slip by. And I can't say I've ever heard of a Knight going on a rampage through a posh party. But, we need to be payed for any trouble it might bring us later."

"Paid?" Jacob had given her a bag of gold, but she didn't want to waste it on a cheap bribe. But Alexis had a feeling they were not talking about money.

"Ya paid. Not money, mind you. This jobs takin care of that fine. Me and my pal here were thinking more along the lines of bodily payment. Been too long since we had a good lookin girl like you sucking us. Both of us and you're on your way."

It was at that moment that the warning from her Masters reached full circle. These two guards were weak willed and ignorant. The Lust set in easily for them, to the point they would ask a Knight for such an act. The looks in their eyes told her that they were pretty far gone even by grunt soldier standards. But Alexis was stuck and they all knew it. If she forced her way through, she would be violating the law. If she snuck in, the same. She could not afford to be thrown in a cell or brought to the Lord as a criminal with a Makon ruler present. He could slip away while the Order appealed for her release. It nearly killed her to nod silently. It nearly killed her to hold back when stupid grins broke across their faces. 

As they loosened their leather pants, Alexis got down on her knees. Thank the Gods her armor was padded, this was bad enough. The bigger guard had his cock out first, guess there was a winner for the first round. Once he walked up to her, Alexis took his cock in her hands and stroked. He was probably thanking the Gods himself her metal bracers didn't cover her hands. The idea gave her some small enjoyment. As her fingers slid up and down his length, he slowly twitched to life and hardened. Alexis wasn't going to lie that this was her first time doing this sort of thing. Curious despite herself, she leaned in and gave the tip a quick lick. His cock twitched and she could feel him shiver. Another lick, and another and before she knew it Alexis was running her tongue up his length. The man was panting above her and Alexis wanted to see just how much she could control him. She licked him up again before gently kissing his tip. Were all men this easy? Smirking ever so slightly, Alexis pressed her lips to his tip again before slowly taking his cock into her mouth. The taste and smell almost made her sick. But she kept going, as if not by her own will. Once half of his cock was in her mouth, Alexis began sucking and flicking her tongue against his length. The guard groaned in pleasure as this young blonde sucked him off. She was way better than those whores in town, even if this was probably her first cock. Heaven upgraded to paradise as her head slid up and down, sucking on him hard.

The smaller guard had been standing to the side, stroking his dick as he watched the girl suck his friend. Gods she looked into it. An idea had formed in his head ever since she showed up, and he decided she was far too busy to notice. He quietly slipped up behind her and motioned to his friend. He nodded with a grin and lowered down onto his own knees. The girl was off balance for a second before adjusting, she was back to bobbing on his cock in no time. The small guard lifted her leather skirt and fiddled with the straps holding her armor around the good stuff. A tug here and there and the plates fell loose, giving him the view of a nice wet pussy. This woman didn't even have anything under it. Maybe he should sign up to be a Knight. Stroking his dick, the guard moved it.

Alexis didn't know what was with her, but she just went on and on against the guard's dick. Everything seemed hazy, not right. Something in the back of her mind was trying to tell her what, but the meat in her mouth was too distracting. She was not too far gone when she felt a pair of hands on her hips. She snapped back a bit when the smaller guard's dick parted her pussy and thrust right in. Alexis let out a cry into the bigger guard's cock as his friend gripped her hips and began moving. She had lost her virginity in training, but this was really her first time with a male. She wanted to fight back, protest. But then the guard thrust into her again, and the dick in her mouth bumped against the roof, and the haze set in.

The guard behind her couldn't believe his luck. He had his dick inside this hot little girl and she wasn't upset. Hell, she began moaning into his friend and rocking her hips to his thrusts. So he just pumped away, carving quick and hard into her wet pussy.

"Oh man, you cant believe this...so tight!"

"Try being up here, she's a natural!" The guard grabbed her head and began thrusting into her mouth, awkward jerks with his pal fucking her. Not to be outdone, the smaller one gripped the blonde's ponytail and began pulled against it, thrusting harder into her. The girl gave a loud moan of pleasure before shaking. Guess she wasn't as used to this as they had thought. The girl slumped a bit, worn out from her climax as the two just kept going. They had a deal, even if it was a modified deal. The man in the front came first, blowing right into her mouth. He pulled out as the girl began coughing. The smaller guard felt him coming on and pulled out, spilling his seed on the ground as the girl kneeled.

Alexis spit out the disgusting stuff in her mouth. The fog was lifting, and with it came her senses. She had let these two fuck her! She had completely lost control and given in! She never did that, not stubborn and headstrong Alexis. The sounds she could make them make, the reactions she brought on excited her. Down hill from there. Was this the Lust? Could it influence people intimate with infected beings? Shouldn't the daughter of a Love Goddess be more resistant to this? Her thoughts were interrupted by the guards, who were pulling up their pants. 

"Well damn, girl. We haven't had that much fun in a long time."

Alexis glared at them with flashing green eyes, "Our deal was to suck, and one of you violated me!"

"You didn't complain, girl. Took to it quick even."

Alexis turned red and glanced away, focusing instead on fixing her nether buckles. The smaller guard chuckled.

"Now don't you worry now, deals a deal. Wont tell anyone either. Not supposed to be having fun on the job, especially this job. Wouldn't mind having you around more though...."

Alexis left very quickly after. Her mind was still slightly fuzzy, and she didn't trust herself if they tried making a move. But they kept up their end; a pass to enter the city was tucked into her pack. She would have to be ready. If the Suran's power went this far from the city, Solan itself would be a very dangerous place.

-Two hours later, the City of Solan-

Alexis had entered the city without any hassle beyond a bag check. Unlike the outpost guards, the city guards were much more professional. She saw the lust in their eyes, but they were too well trained to try and hit on a Knight of the Heart. After finding a room in an inn, Alexis had settled in and changed attire. The armor stood out too much in a city with the enemy. Instead she now wore brown leather pants, boots, and bracers along with a white shirt. Her sword stayed in her room as well, the dagger on her hip and her magic would have to do. She had been right about the city, it was ripe with Lust. On almost every street at least someone had tried to call her over, male or female. They might have tried more than just catcalls, but they city guards were out in force for the party that night. She was grateful. She knew she could take on any of these scum, but she was still afraid of what her body might do. So Alexis wandered the city, always on alert for trouble. 

Trouble was found a few hours later. Alexis had been ready to return to the inn when a call for help reached her. The street was empty; she was the only one who heard it. Drawing her dagger, Alexis ran down the street toward the alley the sounds came from. Stopping at the corner of a building, she peered over. A young woman, about her age and clad in blue, was surrounded by some rough looking men. Rags, rotted teeth, the works. And all of them were armed. Two of them were holding the girl by the arms as their leader paced infront of her.

"Dear girl, you are in a very bad spot. These men feel like taking you to their bed, and unless you give me what I want, I will have to agree."

The woman, gagged, shook her head violently. One of the thugs reached out and grabbed her breast, squeezing it to her horrified squeals. Alexis had had enough of THIS. Stepping out from the building, her free hand whipped through the air. A zigzag symbol enclosed in a circle. Once the circle was closed, the rune for Lightning flared to life and activated. A bolt shot down the street and struck the leader, killing him on the spot. By the time the thugs had looked around Alexis already had her dagger cutting through one. He fell just as another bolt threw his friend against a wall. One of the thugs holding the woman let her go and charged the newcomer, sword in hand. Alexis traced a hexagon, the rune of Shield expanding into a barrier which the thug was thrown away from with a jolt. Seeing his friends down the last thug pushed the woman to the ground and ran for it. The thug ducked into some narrow alleys before Alexis could get him, but the woman was of more concern. Running over to her, Alexis knelt.

The woman was not, she realized, a regular of this part of town. Her rich blue robe was clearly different from the rags of the thugs. His pale skin had the softness of someone used to others doing work, and much unlike Alexis' hard and athletic body. Still, her long brown hair and eyes, along with full lips and breasts, told her why the thugs had wanted to violate her. 

Ungagged and gasping from the ordeal, the woman latched onto Alexis is a deep hug, "Thank you! Oh thank you so much! I was terrified!"

Touchy type, Alexis did not like the touchy type. Plus the feeling of their breasts pressing together through her shirt made her uncomfortable. Gentle pulling the woman off her, Alexis smiled.

"I'm just glad I made it. What happened anyway?"

The woman blushed and looked away in embarrassment, "I sort of ran away without telling anyone. I like exploring the city, and had never been around here. Then those men showed up and you saved me. I just wanted to have some fun before that stupid party."

"Party?"

"The one my father is holding tonight. All those elitists and nobles in one place are unbearable."

Alexis just stared at the woman. Understanding, the blue clad lady stood and smiled, "I have not yet formally thanked you. I am Emila, daughter of Lord Andrew of Solan."

-The mansion of Lord Andrew-

And so Alexis found herself in short order before the Lord of the city. Clad now in her armor and with Emila praising her the whole time, Alexis could not believe her luck. Lord Andrew was an older man, in his early forties. A small stubble, black to match his short hair, hid his chin, and his blue eyes were honest and fair. The throne next to him was empty; it was well known his wife had died years ago. Dressed in a blue doublet and pants under a night blue cloak, the Lord looked every bit the noble he was. As his daughter finished her story, Andrew smiled.

"I am grateful, Sir Knight, for the return of my daughter. I am horrified to think what would have happened if you were not there."

Like she had been taught, Alexis gave a slight bow, "It was my pleasure and duty to aid anyone in need, my Lord."

"Well said. But come; let me reward you for your act. I insist that you attend my party tonight. Your Masters are not often interested, and I would be pleased to have a Heart Knight tonight among my guests."

Alexis glanced up at Andrew, something in his eyes was telling her to accept. Why bring up her leaders like that? Did the Lord want a servant of Alexandra with him while the Suran was present? The idea of the party falling prey to lust sent a shiver down her spine, and it was not completely a shiver of horror. In the end Alexis accepted, and she was given a room in the mansion. She did little but rest from her magic use until the time of the party came. Armed and armored, Alexis prepared herself for the Suran. And perhaps worst, the other guests. Gods she hated elitists. She spent most of the party against a wall, standing with the guards as they watched over the guests. Things were fine until she felt it. Like her, the priests and other members of a knightly order flinched even before the servant made an announcement.

"Ulric the Bloodrose, Suran of Sabacc."

The dark ruler was just entering the age of fifty, and looked as strong and fit as Master Jacob. His head and face was shaven, showing his hard features and skin tanned from the desert. His eyes were a striking green, but tinted with the red of someone seeped deep into Makon's Lust. He wore a long black robe trimmed in silver and a red leather top that ran down the robe like a triangle. The top bore the symbol of Makon, a single eye at the center of eight writhing tentacles. The Suran ignored everyone for a moment, his green eyes meeting Alexis'. A jolt ran down her spine, a feeling she could not describe. Not hate, duty, or lust. Before she could wonder at it, Ulric gave an arrogant smirk and fell into the crowd. The man behaved himself the whole party, doing nothing more than throwing glances at Alexis now and then. Bastard was mocking her, daring her to strike first. But she simply stood there, waiting. She was thankful that Emila was not at the party. The ordeal from earlier had left her tired, and her father had insisted she stay in her room. If Lord Andrew held any doubts about Ulric, he did not show it as the two clasped hands in greeting. Then again, two rulers rarely expressed how they felt in public. Young or not, Alexis felt she would never understand something has complex and annoying as politics. 

The Suran left the party early, and Alexis left soon after. Stopping in her room to throw on her street outfit, Alexis set off through the halls of the mansion. Finding Ulric was not hard; his power was like a beckon to the Heart Knight. A few corridors and she stood at his door. She wasn't even sure what to do. Knock and politely ask her enemy to leave? Try stabbing him with her dagger? A stern warning from an 18 year old not five days into Knighthood? The debate ended as the door opened and the Suran smiled down at her. Something about that smile bothered her, but damn it if she knew why. She was also slightly embarrassed to be caught standing in front of his door. It could make her look weak.

Ulric simply stood aside and gestured in politely, "Please come in Sir Knight, we were hoping you would come by."

Alexis did not move, "We?"

"Oh yes, of course. Where are my manners? My companion and I were just entertaining Lord Andrew."

Alexis' eyes widened at that, as did Ulric's smile. Ignoring the man she strode in and stopped dead. The Lord was sitting on a couch, he pants down and a beautiful ebony woman with unlikely long silver hair sucking his dick. This must be who those guards were talking about. Her breasts, barely contained in a tight and revealing crimson dress were indeed large, the largest Alexis had ever seen. Ulric closed the door and came to stand behind her.

"His Lordship was expressed a desire for my companion, and she was kind enough to indulge. Perhaps you would like to join them?"

Alexis turned her head and glared in shocked outrage, "Join!?"

"Indeed. His Lordship also confessed an interest in you, Sir Knight. I'm sure he would be pleased to have you. I should think he is a better lover then those guards on the road."

Alexis didn't stop to wonder how he knew that, didn't stop to even think about the situation. Her patience snapped and she drew her dagger, spinning around to strike. The Suran simply stood there, his arms crossed and the same smile on his face. The tip of her weapon stopped as the rune for Shield flared between them. The spell shattered her dagger and sent Alexis backwards. Instead of hitting the floor, she found herself landing in Andrew's arms. A quick look at his eyes told her reason was useless; his eyes were glazed over in some enchantment she knew nothing about. One can't break a spell that isn't understood. The silver haired woman let go of his cock so his Lordship could properly hold the struggling Knight on his lap. The woman giggled at her vain attempts at freedom before leaning it. Alexis tried to turn away, but Andrew's hand cupped her chin and held her as the ebony woman pressed her into a kiss. A wave of pleasure washed over Alexis as their lips met, her captor pushing her tongue in to explore her mouth. Alexis dimly realized that this was a spell, some Lust magic that was breaking down her resistance. But she had no way to fight it, and she had no Goddess to aid her. All she could do was moan as their breasts rubbed against each other through fabric and Andrew ran a trail of kissed down her neck. The ebony woman pulled away and licked her lips seductively as Ulric beckoned her over. 
