 At first, Evan though the girl was invisible. She was a shimmering presence above him, rippling, and he could see the sky behind her. He could see right through her. It had to be a dream, only a dream had never felt like this before.

She bent and kissed his parched lips. Water dripped onto his swollen tongue and trickled down his throat. It was hot, but it left him cold and tingling. His tongue no longer hurt. Neither did his lips or his throat. Heat blossomed in the center of his being, rippling out to his extremities, filling him with strange energy. He lifted his arms to embrace her. At first, his arms and hands sank into her form, like reaching into a pool of water so hot that it should have burned him, but didn't. Resistance pressed his hands and arms back to the surface. She rippled again, became more solid, less transparent.

Evan could see her now. She was beautiful. She smiled at him, and the smile alone would have pulled him back from the brink of death. The essence she had bestowed upon him had been enough, though. There was sand behind his back. He was no longer on the boat. He was no longer bobbing up and down at the mercy of the waves, dying slowly as the sun baked him and thirst shriveled his body from the inside out. Surrounded by vast amounts of water and unable to drink any of it, he had accepted his fate.

Fate had rejected him, it seemed. She spoke. It sounded like water cascading over rocks, words he could not understand. "Thank you," he said to her, hoping she could at least understand him. Her smile said that, maybe, she did. Her hands swept over his bare chest. Where she touched, the skin was revived. Blisters and redness vanished, turned instead to a deep brown tan. She tugged at his pants. He did not resist her. In a moment he was naked before her, and the result of his burgeoning energy was exposed. He was hard. She gazed at his erection for a long moment before her watery hand closed around his shaft.

He moaned. Her hand felt like a hot mouth, or a wet pussy. She was hot, she was fluid, she was pressure and release. She laughed, a sound like water pouring into an earthen pot. She bent. He was inside her mouth now, and compared to her hand it was like walking from a sunlit room into a whirling sauna. Heat that should have burned him instead sent tendrils of incredible pleasure coursing through him. He cried out. She flowed over him, her shape changing as she moved, her body transforming. He had thought her young at first. Her breasts were tiny, her body petite and slender. As she covered him, she became voluptuous. Her thighs were full, her belly soft and slightly protruding, her breasts suddenly heavy like a pair of hot water bottles on his skin. She was straddling him in reverse, backing herself up to his mouth.

Evan pressed his mouth to her watery pussy and drank thirstily. Her body rippled exactly like a stone cast into a pond. She was the embodiment of water, pure and fresh, clean and revitalizing. She lapped at her, thrust his tongue into her as he wrapped his arms around her waist. He thrust his hips up, wanting more of her mouth on him. She took his entire length without a problem. She went lower, engulfing his balls as well. Her tongue bifurcated, split into halves to wrap around his shaft. He moaned into her liquid depths and went over the edge.

She took every drop he had to give. She drank from him as he drank from her, as her hips bounced up and down on his face, as she hissed like steam, as her body morphed again and covered him completely. He couldn't breathe, but he didn't care. All that mattered was her and the connection between their bodies.

She flowed again, reversing herself atop him without dismounting. "Who are you?" he said to the incredibly beautiful face that confronted him. She put a finger over his lips. She was more solid now, almost like ice but still hot. She kissed him. Nothing flowed down his throat this time, but the kiss alone was enough to completely reawaken his spent libido. She squirmed on top of him. He was inside her before he knew what was happening. Without moving her hips, she rode him, her pussy rippling like a hundred tiny fingers on his cock, her heat radiating through him. He wept. He moaned and cried out and held onto her and tried to thrust up into her. The smile on her face became distorted. Her face a mask of ecstasy mirroring his own. He wasn't sure if she had a real orgasm or not. She seemed to be locked in the throes of constant pleasure. He came harder than he had ever cum before. She threw back her head, watery hair whipping in an unfelt wind. A high-pitched whine emanated from her throat. She glowed inside, the light escaping through her semi-transparent skin. 

Suddenly, she relaxed. Her skin darkened. Her form solidified. He watched the change, awed, still quivering with his cock dribbling the last of his orgasm into her. Uncolored eyes became the blue of a Caribbean Sea. Her skin became sea-green, changed to a deep azure, and settled into the pale white of seafoam. Her hair flowed long and silken and became a midnight blue. She settled atop him, smiling with mother-of-pearl teeth, her face perfect beauty, perfect contentment.

"What are you?" he asked.

"A daughter of Nereus," she said in perfect, strangely accented English. "I found you. I think you were lost?"

"Very," he agreed, laughing.

"Good," she said. "Then I claim you. I find, I keep. Yes?"

"I don't understand," he said. "You're not human, are you?"

"No," she said, laughing in imitation of him. Her voice was smooth and soft, like the tide flowing through reeds. "I am Nereid. Servant to Poseidon. I save you."

He almost argued. Poseidon was a myth. So were the Nereids, the sea nymphs. But there she was. She had been completely liquid a moment ago. She had found his boat, brought it to this place, revived him, saved him. Whatever she was, she was right. He was hers now. "Where are we?" he asked.

"A place," she said. "A safe place. Island. Much food here. We eat and then do this again?"

"You mean...have sex?" he asked.

She kissed him. Solid, soft lips, eager and slippery tongue. He embraced her soft, voluptuous body, felt her thighs squeeze him. Felt her pussy grip his semi-erect cock. He felt himself start to thicken again. "Well," he said after the kiss, "maybe we eat later?"

She laughed in delight. The sun shone brightly overhead, warm and vibrant. Palms swayed in the salty breeze. She lifted her hips and settled down, taking him deeper into her body. Different from her watery form, but just as amazing. "I'm Evan. What do I call you?"

"Call me Katharótita," she said. "It means 'pure.' I think I love you."

"I think I love you too, Kath...Katha...uh..."

Her laughter was beautiful. "Kath is okay. Now, give me your water. Give to me so I make babies."

Babies? He didn't understand. He didn't care. He thrust up into her, into her hot and slick and gripping depths, and gave her everything.