 This is my first story on Literotica, so let us see how it goes. No character in this story who is involved in a sexual act is below the age of 18. This story will contain sexual acts which are both willing and non willing by humans and non-humans, so if that is a problem I encourage you to either skip those parts or the story all together. This story does possess a plot alongside the sex, so if you are not looking for a detailed story, this may also not be for you. Comments both positive and negative are welcome, but please attempt to keep them civil. Thank you.

*

Alexis stood rigid, though on the inside she was burning with impatience. She had always been rash and reckless, a trait the Masters never failed to point out. Well, to hell with them, she thought. They can say whatever they will, so long as they say something. Alexis had been standing at attention for a good ten minutes, and the Masters had not so much as welcomed her.

Alexis Rosecruise was a picture of beauty. Golden hair ran down in a ponytail midway down her back, while also framing her milky skin and bright green eyes with her bangs. Her body was not only curvy and ample in all the right places, but firm and athletic from her years training. Her large breasts were rather noticeable through her simply white robe, but Alexis did not mind. The Order taught that the body should not be hidden, so long as it was not used for Lust. Besides, she trusted the men that sat facing her. Masters of the Order of the Heart were possibly the most composed and responsible men in the world, trained to resist Lust completely. 

Since she was a child Alexis had been training to be a Heart Knight. In that training, she had learned the dual powers of Love and Lust. Love was a pure power, governed by the Goddess Alexandra. Love was the feelings one held for a person beyond simple sex or pleasure, it was a power of trust and unity. Heart Knight used her power to fight evil and protect the peace. Lust was a dark power, the desires of the body that were not tempered by Love or feelings. Lust was governed by the God Makon, who took delight in deeds such as rape. Unlike the Order, Lust did not have any organized agents beyond independent mages. 

Alexis had turned 18 yesterday, the age in which trainees could be named true Knights. Alexis had always assumed she would make it, how could she not? She had always been the best at what she did. She was skilled with a sword, fast, knew how to live off the land, and even knew some magic. Her only flaw, to the Masters anyway, was that she headstrong and rarely bothered to think before she did anything or said anything. With these old men just sitting there, she could not help but wonder if that attitude had cost her.

At length Master Jacob, her mentor, spoke, "Alexis Rosecruise, you stand before this Meeting of the Masters to judged worthy or unworthy of becoming a paladin of good, an agent of Lady Alexandra. Step forward."

Partly relived something was happening, and partly worried it was finally happening, the girl stepped forward and bowed. The leader of the Order, High Master Melissa, stood. Like all the Masters, she wore the steel armor of the Knights. As the leader, she also wore a long white cloak. Alexis secretly dreamed of one day wearing that cloak. 

Melissa was sober as she drew her sword, "Alexis, for 18 years you have trained under us. Since you were but a baby left on our door. In all things you have excelled. Though you lack the patience and composer of some of your peers, these are things that can sometimes only be gained by experience. With that, I hereby name you Alexis, Knight of the Heart."

Melissa's sword swung down, though Alexis did not flinch. The fabric of her robe cut in half as the ritual required and fell to the marble floor. The girl stood bare naked, but she was too elated to care. The Masters clapped as two Knights walked up behind her. In their arms were chests containing armor, her armor. Alexis shivered as steel bustier encased her, pushing her full breasts up. Her gauntlets and boots left her arms and legs bare and revealing. It was found that servants of Lust could be distracted by a Knight's physical looks, so the armor was meant to be reliable on both protection and aesthetics. Fully suited, Alexis took up her new sword, decorated with the burning heart of the Goddess. Turning the blade upward, Alexis took the oath.

"I swear to serve the Goddess of Love, and aid all the Gods of Good. I swear to oppose the God of Lust, and deter all the Gods of Evil. My heart will be one full of Love, not consumed by Lust. As a Heart Knight, I will make this Order proud.", And she did meant it.

-An hour later-

Alexis stood in the hall again, at attention and burning with her usual impatience. She doubted any amount of experience would get rid of that. Alexis had spent the hour among her friends and fellow Knights, as well as looking over her new chamber. Just as she had been ready to relax on her bed, a servant had told her she was called to the Masters' Hall. What now, did they want to lecture her on the need to remain calm? Master Jacob had given up on that years ago. Only High Master Melissa and Jacob sat before her now. Jacob spoke first.

"Alexis, you never knew your parents, did you?"

"No, Master." A sore point to the girl, being abandoned could do that too you.

"We felt the identity of your parents was too much for a trainee, but you are a Knight now. You will need this truth for your mission."

Alexis perked up at this, mission? Already? Awesome, time to go kill some monsters. And finally put a name to the people who left her. 

"Your whole life, you have grasped the power of Love and the training of a Knight easily. Your skill and strength is called by some to be more than human. Because it is."

What? Why did her Master have to dance around the issue like always? Alexis looked human enough, even if she was told she looked too good to be human. "I don't understand, Master. What do you mean not human?"

Melissa spoke at the point, "Half human, to be exact. You are a blessed child, a demi-goddess. The daughter of our Lady Alexandra."

Alexis just stood there, shocked. The child of a god? Was that even possible? Sure, she looked like some depictions of the Goddess, but so what? Did that mean every bald guy was the child of the High God? The Masters had expected her reaction, and Jacob rose and rested his hand on her arm.

"A....demi....how? Why?"

"We do not truly know. Alexandra appeared to us with you as a newborn, 18 years ago. She told us who you were, but not who your father was. Naturally, she wanted you trained as a Knight. She also wanted you ignorant of your parentage and free of the burdens being God-Born can bring."

Shaking her head, Alexis was still trying to clear her thoughts, "Then why tell me now?"

Jacob lowered his head, "So that you may save your mother. Yes, child, you heard me. The Goddess has been missing for years now."

Alexis took it as a credit to herself that she had not fainted from all this news yet, "Missing?! A God?!"

"The other Gods told us so, ten years ago. Neither the Order or they could reach her. The armor and weapons we wield blessed by her, and retain her power even now. But we are running low on them, and a Knight without Her Blessing is little better than the common warrior."

Alexis took a step back and stared at the two Masters. This was all happening too fast for her, "So you want ME to find someone not even Gods can find?"

Melissa nodded, understanding in her eyes, "We know what this means to you, Alexis. But you are our best hope. You are her child, the blood of the Goddess runs through you. You are the only person who could feel her presence. And you are also one of the best people to help with the crisis that is arising."

Oh, joy. More news. Was the God of Tricks planning to fill every house with giant rats? Was a rock going to fall from the heavens? Alexis deeply wished for her bed. "Crisis?"

"Yes. The Gods are our protectors, their presence affects the world around us. Over the last few years, we have noticed the side effects of Alexandra's absence."

"Lust."

"Yes. Makon's servants grow in number and power. Lust is slowly perverting and corrupting people. Without Love to balance the scales, the land is sliding into depravity. Should this continue, the other Evil Gods may take advantage of this. We can hold them off for now, but without our Goddess it is a lost battle."

Alexis nodded. She was rash, impulsive, and perhaps arrogant, but she had a sense of duty. This quest could make her a hero, and finally bring her to the mother she had never known. Standing straight, Alexis laid her hand on her sword hilt.

"I accept. Where can I begin?"

Jacob smiled. He had known his star pupil would not fail to take up this mission. She was far too headstrong, "The desert kingdom of Sabacc. Its ruler is a known Makon agent. All of these events benefit Makon far too much for him not to be involved. You will leave tomorrow.

-Later that night-

Alexis couldn't sleep. Small wonder, given the events of one day. Knighthood, learning she was the daughter of a GODDESS, and that she now had to save her own divine mother. So just lay on her new bed in a thin white nightdress, trying hard to doze off.....and failing terribly. How did Master Jacob manage to meditate by staying stiff for so long? Well, she knew one way to tire herself. Pleasuring yourself was forbidden, just discouraged. Trainees all lived in the same room, so such activities could be distracting to others. But Alexis was a Knight now and had her own room, no one to distract. Alexis sat up and pulled the dress off, her fingers already caressing her own breasts. 

She tweaked her tips and rubbed them, enjoying the feeling as her tits grew hard. Laying back down, one hand slide down her slim body to her womanhood. Alexis was not technically a virgin, some of her training had strained her body past that point. But she had never actually had sex, and as her fingers rubbed her pussy, she let out a small groan. She knew some girls who could do this for some time, but Alexis was too restless. She needed satisfaction, and sleep, now. Two fingers slipped into her pussy and began moving as the other squeezed her large breasts. 

Alexis closed her eyes and imagined some of her male trainees were with her, touching her like she knew they wanted to. Kyle was groping her breasts, squeezing and rubbing them together while Alan was pumping his fingers into her roughly, brushing all her pleasure points. As the pleasure picked up, her hips began to grind against her hand, pushing the fingers deeper as her moans grew louder. Thank the Goddess these walls were thick stone. A few more jams of the finger and Alexis cried out as she climaxed. The whole thing was sort of clumsy and rushed, but Alexis was soon asleep.