 Lana fell to the ground yet again, her wooden pole landing near her. Above her with a piece of wood in place of a sword, Alexis sighed and shook her head. Chris sat on a nearby rock and watched the scene with a grin. The three of them had found this opening in the woods not far from their camp, perfect for their routine. This was going worse than Alexis' already poor expectation of training.

After leaving Meadowgreen and the dead bandits behind, Lana had asked to be trained in combat. As a slave, Lana had never been taught anything other than maintaining the house and, as she reached the proper age, how to pleasure her owner. Her current Mistress was a complete opposite of her old owners. Alexis, to Lana's somewhat private regret, had no interest in her sexual skills and didn't even want to be called Mistress. Since she didn't seem likely to change her mind Lana sought to please her Mistress by being more useful in their many fights. Lana was painfully aware of how her lack of experience landed them stuck on the minotaur's cocks and didn't want Mistress to go through that because of her again. With some prodding from Chris, Alexis had agreed to teach Lana how to use a staff. Knights of the Heart had a basic knowledge of most weapons and Alexis believed a staff would work best for Lana given the lack of time they had for training.

It had gone horribly. Lana was reluctant to risk harming her Mistress and had ended up knocked to the ground more times than she could count. Chris was grinning not from Lana's pain but from the fact the tan girl was naked, another thing Alexis was not pleased with. Lana truly did not understand her Mistress, but found herself wanting to please her none the less. And do the things she did with Chris at night. For some reason Alexis seemed to think she could hide her activities from a sex slave, but Lana marked that as another oddity of her Mistress.

Alexis' words snapped Lana back into reality, "You're still not doing it right. You are trying to use the staff like a club or sword. Think of it like a spear. Thrust out and stab your target. The range advantage is needed for someone like you."

Lana nodded and stood back up. In position, she thrust out her staff rabidly at the blonde knight. Alexis swatted away each blow. Desperate, Lana swung at her legs. Alexis jumped up over the staff and landed closer to Lana. Before the slave could react the wooden sword knocked the staff out of her hand and sent her to the ground again.

Alexis frowned, "You are not focused, Lana. You just poke out the staff in completely random directions. In a real fight you would be dead on the spot."

"Unless you're fighting a rabbit, or maybe a tree." Chris snickered from his seat. 

Alexis threw him a look and helped Lana up, "I'm glad you're so relaxed over this. I don't see you helping out."

Chris shrugged, "Archer, Sir Knight. I am and archer. I don't think Lana yet needs training on how to take arrows to the head or hea....ouch!"

The hunter leapt up and rubbed his ass in pain. Alexis and Lana ran over to him and gasped. A large snake slithered up on the rock where he had sat. Its size and girth could mistake it for a strong tree branch. It hissed at them and slunk back into the trees.

Chris glared at the thing, "The hell is that thing!?"

Alexis shook her head before drawing her real sword, "Whatever it is, we can't leave it alone. Lana, take him back to camp."

"Yes, Mistress."

Alexis looked sadly at Lana before running off.

-

Mistress this, Mistress that. As Alexis jumped over the rock and looked around, Lana frustrated her. How many times has she tried to make Lana understand she is no longer a slave? Alexis had deeply underestimated how things work in Sabacc. To the point she was not at all sure she wanted to bring Lana to the desert that did this to her. Perhaps if they could find a chapter house to the Order of the Heart Alexis could leave Lana there for help. 

Alexis shook her head, focus on the goal now. She had no idea why the snake was so big or why it attacked Chris but she couldn't let it lurk around camp. Her green eyes focused on the snake's head poking out of the grass to look at her. Alexis looked down what part of it she could see. It was thick; her sword might not be able to cut it down in easily. Stabbing the head might work better. It would probably be better not to be hit by the snake in her leather armor. Avoiding bites went without saying. Her course set, Alexis charged. There was just one small detail she overlooked in an otherwise well done plan. She knew the size, girth, and dangers of the snake. She forgot to consider how long the snake might have been. As she ran toward it, a part of the very long snake wrapped around her leg. Rather than trip, Alexis found herself hanging upside down. Now she saw just how long the snake was. The head was still hissing below her, the length of its body went from the ground, to the part holding her, draped over a tree branch, and the tail hung lazily near her. Alexis lifted her sword to strike, only to have the tail whip out and knock it away. Well, this went terribly. 

The snake watched as the blonde female struggled fruitlessly against her position. It had no worries of her escaping it without losing her leg. It focused instead on the leather skirt that had fallen down and exposed her pussy. The snake had no way of sexually reproducing with humans nor did it want to, but it had discovered that its meals could be pacified in a certain way. The snake's tail moved and flicked itself on her pussy. Alexis looked up in disbelief as the lowest part of the snake began rubbing along her lower lips. Not again. Alexis was not going to be found in this situation after being caught again. The Knight swung back and forth until the momentum let her grab onto the snake and try and pull it away from her opening. Seeing its prey was not complying, it just forced its tail into her. Unlike its smaller cousins, this snake's tail was the same thickness all the way to the end, and it pushed much of that thickness into the tight lower region at once. Alexis let of the tail in shock as she was filled. The snake could not take pleasure from sex, so it simply pumped in and out of her fast and hard. The rough treatment left Alexis hanging there and moaning as a snake of all things drilled into her with enough force to push her body with each thrust.  

The loud noises attracted the attention on another large snake hiding in the trees. The forest was home to several of them, though their numbers remained few. They were once favored hunting targets for their size and the survivors hadn't caught back up. Eager for food, the other snake lowered its tail down to the female and wrapped around her waist. Alexis felt the other tail poking at her rear and kicked violently with her free leg. It didn't stop the tail from entering her ass with the same detached force as the first snake. Alexis' mouth opened in shock as both her pussy and ass were pumped by the two large endings. This was her first time penetrated in both holes at once, and her free leg hung limply as pleasure hit her unprepared body.

The snakes continued their work for several more minutes. From the way her moans became louder and some liquids came from her lower region, they knew the female was becoming passive. The female let out a yell as her body shook and the liquid flow increased greatly. After that, she just hung there and took deep breaths. The snakes pulled out and let her fall to the ground. They needed to move fast before she could recover. The snake on the ground reared back and bared its fangs for the meal.

A low whistle came from the woods. Hearing it, both snakes hissed in pain. A whistle came louder along with the sounds of approach. Unable to handle it, the snakes fled as fast as they could slither away. Sore and reeling from her orgasm, Alexis made out the shape of a person stopping above her. The figure knelt down and the young Knight felt the most out of place desire to sleep take her. She wanted to resist, but the person covered her eyes. That darkness was almost instantly replaced with the darkness of sleep.

-

Chris' health dropped almost at once by the time they reached the camp. His breathing became hard and he had to lean on Lana for support. She quickly laid him down and felt his forehead, it was burning. By now she was starting to panic. Poison treatment was certainly not a skill taught to sex slaves. Well, not to her anyway. There might be some Temple slaves who know healing to help their masters, but Lana was not so lucky. All she could really do was wait for Alexis. Her Mistress was a Heart Knight and magic-user; surely she knew something to help Chris.

"No, I am afraid not."

Lana turned around and gasped in surprise. It defied logic that the wagon, one that looked like it was favored by nomads and gypsies, and its two horses could have come up on the camp without noise. The old woman, in dirty traveling clothes and grey hair, that was sitting at the driver's seat should not have been able to know what Lana was thinking. And her Mistress should not be sitting next to the old woman, passed out. Lana jumped to her feet and grabbed her staff.

The woman smiled gently and raised her hands, "I surrender."

Lana almost lowered her weapon before mentally hitting herself, "Let my Mistress go!"

"No need to worry, dear. Your Mistress is fine." 

"Why won't she open her eyes?"

The old woman carried Alexis over and laid her down next to Chris, who was muttering softly in his fevered state.

"Well, fine as she is. She was bitten as well and was soon to end up like this poor lad. I put her to sleep before things became worst."

Lana looked over her Mistress. She seemed fine, and her lower regions didn't look at all like she had been violated. The old woman must be telling part of the truth. Lana bowed low to her.

"Thank you...."

The old woman smiled, "Maren, dear. No need to thank me yet."

Lana nodded sullenly as she looked at her two friends, "Can you cure them?"

"Indeed. But not I need a special flower first. It grows in the woods."

Lana gripped her staff and took a deep breath, "I will go."

Maren shook her head and fussed like someone her age. It was strangely endearing to Lana, who had lived much of her life without family.

But the slave was firm in this chance to prove useful to her Mistress, "You can tell me what it looks like. Please, stay here and watch over them. I do not know how to treat them."

Maren looked at Lana strangely and nodded, "It has four white pedals streaked with green. One for each of them. The flowers grow around a pointed stone deep in the woods."

Lana nodded. She would go at once.

"Careful, dear. That snake was one of many. Flowers may not be the only thing around that stone."

Lana gulped slightly and nodded again. She lingered long enough to watch Maren put Chris in the same sleep as Alexis, and then set off into the woods.

-

Lana was very thankful that the sun was far from setting. She had heard that there was a God of the Sun, but did not know about him besides his rivalry with the Goddess of the Moon. For a slave, the only god that mattered was Makon. But since the God of Lust was probably not in the mood to take her thanks, she offered it to the nameless sun deity. 

She encountered no trouble on her search. The snake was attacked her companions seemed to be long gone. She had worried about running into another minotaur, but the place seemed completely empty. A smell soon came to her. It smelled sticky and sweet, like honey. Lana had no idea how 'deep' she was supposed to go, but hopefully this smell was a sign. Or she would end up like her Mistress, who had a track record for being caught in sexual situations. Mindful of Chris' warnings to Alexis to not be so confident in her Knightly skills, Lana crouched down and carefully moved toward the smell. She reached the flowers in almost no time given how hard to lose the scent was.

The flowers were spread all around the trees to the point Lana could barely see the grass. The sheer number explained why the smell was so strong. In what she assumed to be the center of the large patch was a sharp stone of pure white. Alexis might have known what to make of it, but Lana had no idea if the stone was magical or not. All that mattered was the two flowers she picked.

"Well..." A disappointed voice came from the trees. Lana looked up and froze. The man was sitting on a branch casually, looking down at her with a bored yet curious expression. He only wore leather pants and boots. His body was so perfectly made that Lana might have blushed otherwise, but she only paled in fear. His skin was ebony and his hair silver. Her mind flashed instantly to the ebony woman that harmed her Mistress, Sandra.

The ebony man tilted his head at her reaction, "You're not the Knight."

Mistress? "N..no, sir. I am not."

"You look like someone out of Sabacc."

"Yes, sir." Lana kept the respectful tone she had learned as a slave. Anything else might kill her.

The man snapped his fingers, "Right, you're her companion. Why are you here, and not fingering yourself at that?"

Lana lost her train of thought there, "Excuse me, sir?"

"Sir? A true slave I see. Let's see. You and your archer friend were supposed to get bitten by those snakes I lured to your camp. The blonde one was supposed to meet the man I planted near the road to tell her about the flowers. And she was supposed to come here, inhale the sex inducing scent of the flowers and fall into a wreak of moans and fluid. Instead I get a Sabacc slave...how did that happen?"

Lana swallowed as the man listed off his plan in a conversational tone. Lana really was wishing Alexis was with her.

"Then...then these won't cure Mistress and Chris?"

"Hmm? Oh, they will. The smell of them is supposed to be pleasant. In these numbers, it's enough to set off most people's sex drives. I suppose if anyone was to resist it, it would be a sex slave...did you say the blonde one was bitten?"

Lana nodded. The ebony man grunted in annoyance and muttered to himself, "All that hard work and she manages to mess it up without knowing. Amazing! I wonder how much damage she could do if she actually tries!"

The man seemed distracted. If Lana could just make a break for it, she could try losing him in the trees. A foot moved. The ebony man jumped from the branch and landed near her quickly. Lana gulped again and fell over. She never considered his hearing.

The man stood over her and sighed, "That was rude. What a poor slave you are."

Lana managed to glare at him. He chuckled, "Or perhaps it is a result of a poor owner?"

"Do not speak of my Mistress like that!" Lana stared at the ebony man in anger. To insult a master was worst to a slave than insulting themselves.

The ebony man did not seem offended. Instead, he looked down at Lana thoughtfully.

"Your Mistress isn't very understanding, is she?"

"Wha..." Lana was surprised by the question. It was completely out of place.

"The blonde one, Alexis I think it was. She doesn't understand you as a slave, does she?"

Lana didn't answer. She just continued to glare at him. It was none of his business if Alexis was understanding or not.

"Of course she isn't. The Heart Knights are all like that. It must be hard, being with a Mistress that won't take you in her arms, isn't it?"

Lana blushed this time. A sudden image of Alexis touching her body came up. 

The man nodded in apparent understanding, "I supposed I can get what your feelings. Stuck with Orcs, no way out. Then, this beautiful and strong woman comes along, kills the Orcs, and saves you. Naturally, you want to be hers. But she doesn't realize that and tries to make you change from the only things you know. I do indeed admire your loyalty to your Mistress."

Lana sneered meekly, "But you want to kill her."

"Me? Not at all. We want her to...broaden her horizons. Make her more in touch with her desires. Isn't that what you secretly want?"

She really didn't know how to answer that. Of course she wanted Alexis to be more willing to accept Lana's place and needs. But throwing her to Orcs and bandits was not the way she wanted to happen. The man seemed to see that in her eyes and shrugged. 

"Hmph, well I suppose there is not much else to do here." Lana was surprised to see him turn and walk away.

"What....?"

The man turned to her, "I cannot have her poisoned forever. My master would not be very pleased if my plan messed things up that bad. It is very lucky that your search is sparing you. So, run along to your Mistress."

Lana blinked and he was already up in the trees. She did not speak; it might have changed his mind about whatever he was thinking of doing to her. She might have ended up like...

"Mistress!" Lana stood up hastily and took off as she remembered her sick Knight.

-

"Well done." Maren was either use to the smell or just didn't know her feelings. Lana, on the other hand, closed off her nose with her hand as the old woman mixed the flower into a potion. They were with Alexis in their tent; Chris has been moved to Maren's wagon out of 'decency'. According to her, the cure would carry the flower's stimulants with it. Lana almost told Maren that Alexis and Chris didn't even need stimulants but decided to leave her alone.

As Maren worked, she decided to enlighten Lana on the flower patch, "The white stone you saw is sacred to some god. Not sure which one though. Some say Alexandra, others Makon. I would say it belongs to another deity completely. "

Lana sat next to Alexis and watched as Maren poured the potion into a glass, "Another god?"

"The world is full of them, dear. There is more to the world than Love and Lust. There are the siblings who are the Sun and Moon, the four who command the Seasons, the war god that favors the Orcs, and in this case the God of Sickness."

Maren tilted Alexis' head and slowly dripped the liquid into her mouth.

"Why would a god like that have flowers that cure?"

"Because sickness and remedies go hand in hand. What is good in small doses can sometimes be harmful en mass. This god cannot be a god of sickness unless both sides are covered. Ah, she awakes."

Lana silently gave thanks to this god as her Mistress's eyes fluttered open. Alexis groaned and grabbed her head as the forced sleep ended. Opening one eye, the Knight glanced at the tent to the old woman to the dark skinned girl.

"Lana?"

Lana nodded quickly in joy, "Mistress!"

"Where..."

Maren stood up, "I will see to your friend now. Lana, make sure Alexis is comfortable."

Alexis watched groggily as Maren left and turned to Lana, "Who is that?"

Lana spent the next few minutes explaining what happened. Alexis narrowed her eyes when the story came to the black man.

"I was bitten?"

"Don't you remember, Mistress? That is why Maren put you to sleep."

"I do not remember much at all now that I think of it, but I must have been. I went after the snake, it caught me, then it must have bitten me."

Lana looked at Alexis with worry as the Knight shook her head.

"Thank you, Lana. That was a very brave thing you did. I am sorry you were put in danger again to save me."

Lana blushed deeply and looked down, "It was my pleasure, Mistress. I could not leave you and Chris like that."

Lana felt something on her arm and looked up to see Alexis smiling. Her eyes still looked hazy from the poison and sleep, but at least she was ok. And, of all things, aroused. Her face was red and her breathing was off. Lana was worried that the poison was still working. That is when she remembered the flower. The black man had said that the flower could be used as a stimulant in large doses. But judging from the slight blush and loose smile, the potion was working that effect on. 
