 "First Contact" is a situation where explorers first discover and meet a new people. Chris Columbus had a First Contact situation when he discovered that the "New World" was inhabited by half-naked beings with strange ways. Many excellent science fiction stories deal with First Contacts. "Second Contact" is a situation where you discover the unexpected, in the people you thought you already knew.

_________________

"The espial attack came with no warning, yet with such boldness and cunning, that had there been any secrets worth keeping from an enemy, the humans would have been left entirely at the mercy of the aliens. As it was, the entire station's crew complement was left begging for more." Lieutenant Juergins paused and signaled the dealer for another card, throwing another chip on the growing pile.

"Very dramatic! Who's telling this, Jerky, you or me?" asked Sergeant Ortega, throwing a chip on the pile and signaling for another card. He looked at the new card, then took a sip of his rum.

"And what's this 'the humans' thing, Jerky?" asked Corporal Peters. "You ain't one of us no more? You should let the Doc tell it. It's really more her story." He leered across the table to Lieutenant Colonel Myers, and a deep crimson flush rose up her neck to her face.

"Yeah, Linda, tell us about it," said Red, one of the other players.

"Yeah, Colonel."

"Yeah, Linda." Agreement spread around the room, and people brought their drinks from the bar to stand around the game table, waiting to hear the story.

"Start at the beginning," her husband, Loren, said.

"Alright! Alright, already," said the doctor, putting her cards face down on the table. The other players put their cards face down on the table, and the room became quiet, as the doctor adjusted her chair and cleared her throat to speak. "A year ago a survey team discovered the Aluran colony on the fifth planet of Zuben Eschamali, a green, B8V class, the second brightest star in the constellation of Libra, one-hundred-forty light years from Earth. The inner planets were much too hot to support life. The Alurans were not native to the planet, having been marooned there some three-hundred-fifty years ago. Over time, as their population grew, their facilities for making high tech items deteriorated due to intense heat and jungle conditions. They had no facilities for growing high quality crystals for making computers because of the odd variations of gravitational mass concentrations on the planet, which we learned were due to early asteroid impacts. Their original supplies had rotted or rusted quickly in the humidity. Spare parts were used up, and it became impossible to repair their short-range spacecraft. For over three hundred years, they lived under primitive conditions, little better than a mere subsistence level."

The doctor straightened in her chair, as if to help herself maintain an objective description of the events. "Earth Force offered to provide an orbital station as a lab and crystal growing facility in trade for local minerals and craft items. They make some items from a wood that is extremely hard, almost like iron, yet it has a beautiful grain. During the entire year we had known the Alurans, we had seen only their males. They explained that the females and children were sequestered in their society, although they gave no clear explanation for it, saying only that you wouldn't want to be near a female in heat, that it could be dangerous. Well, the space station was completed a little over two months ago, and we were ready to begin bringing Alurans aboard and train them to take over operations."

Despite her attempt to remain objective, the flush in her cheeks deepened as she recalled, "I went to the crystal lab that day at noon to meet Loren for lunch. He was finishing a demonstration for the station commander, when the commander received a call over the comm system that an Aluran had arrived on station to speak to him…"

* * *

"Yes, Commander, she's on her way to Lab 3 now."

"She?" the commander exclaimed in alarm. "An Aluran female? Why did you let her through the air lock! What if she's in…"

The lab door opened and a stunning woman in a thin, transparent robe entered. Despite the vertical pupils of her eyes, the finely scaled, tan skin, two pair of breasts, and long bluish-white feathery hair on her head, and down the back of her neck and shoulders, she looked almost human. She smiled, and exhaled a long breath. In a sweet, soft, seductive voice, like wind rustling through leaves, the creature said, "Hello. My name isss Euphora. Pleassse love me."

"…heat," the commander finished his sentence, fear now evident in his tone.

Dr. Myers looked quickly to the men working in the lab, as diffusion, aided by the air circulation system carried Euphora's powerful pheromones throughout the room and beyond into the rest of the station. The men dropped whatever they were doing and turned toward the Aluran female, their pants beginning to tent over growing erections. "Too late," said the doctor, correctly assessing that it was indeed the alien pheromones affecting the men. "Loren, close the air vents immediately. Maybe we can prevent her from contaminating the whole station."

"Control," the commander called to the Command and Control Center, "there are two men in suits outside the Number Three Crystal Vat! Tell them to stay outside! Tell them to use emergency oxygen tanks if necessary! Seal all airlocks! Oh…Oh my!" he exclaimed, suddenly breathing harder and looking down to his groin in surprise. 

Loren didn't hear his wife; he was already moving toward the alien. Linda started toward the wall control panel, but she began to notice her own sexual feelings coming to the fore, her nipples tightening, her clitoris engorging. She paused with her fingers on the air vent control, but removed them before shutting the vents. The Aluran has already come through a third of the station just to get to the lab, she thought. At least the air will be fresh while we enjoy ourselves. Oh, God, what am I thinking? I have to fight this feeling! Have to…

Men were pushing their way toward the Aluran woman, pushing each other out of the way. A fight started between the two men closest to Euphora. She pulled them apart, licking each man on the ear with a long thin tongue, whispering something to each one. They immediately calmed, and sat down, reaching into their pants to rub themselves. Euphora walked around the lab, licking and whispering to each man and woman. Each person went to a seat to wait. Some began rubbing their genitals through their clothing, others removed their clothing to masturbate openly. When she licked Linda's ear, she whispered, "You will be number twenty-ssseven. Go and eat lunch, and I will call for you in about four hoursss."

Linda's ear felt very warm, and she also felt a strong compulsion to follow instructions. She put a hand to her ear, thinking, Her saliva contains something, a drug…licking the ear gets it into the brain really fast. Ohhhh… Linda began breathing harder. Reaching into her pants to rub herself, she shivered with anticipation, and walked out of the lab squeezing her left breast. She had a light lunch, then went to her quarters to shower and masturbate until she was called. It was only four hours, but a long four hours. The bedroom felt cold after her shower, and without thinking, she closed the air vents and adjusted the room temperature up a notch. By the time the call came, she was beginning to think more clearly, worrying about the affect the alien's body chemistry would have on her husband. "There was something else I was supposed to remember…Oh, shit! There are men outside! They'll run out of oxygen! I need to get to C&C!" However, when she left the room, her first breath of the pheromone-laden air in the corridor brought back the sexual heat, and before she had gone more than a few meters, she had forgotten everything beyond the desire to get to Euphora as quickly as possible.

On her way, the doctor passed couples and trios engaged in sex in the halls, including her husband sitting cross-legged, just outside the door to Euphora's appropriated quarters. Linda smiled lovingly, and bent to kiss both Loren and Vicky, the female technician riding his shaft, then stood up and entered the small cabin. 

The alien woman, naked on the bed, beckoned Linda, and she could not resist. The moment they kissed, her lips began to feel warm and tingly. She knew immediately that the alien's saliva contained some carminative, a heat-producing stimulant, and imagined how it would feel on her nipples and clitoris. Euphora put a finger into her own vagina, then ran it across Linda's lips. Linda tasted the fluid and began to breathe more heavily, opening her mouth to suck on the alien's finger. She felt light headed, as if floating in warm air, and at the same time, felt a growing, burning need between her legs. She knew the alien's vaginal fluid was increasing her desire, and affecting her ability to think clearly, but she needed more, had to have more, and sank onto the bed, pulling Euphora with her, eagerly lapping at the alien's vagina. Euphora's body trembled, her fluid gushed into Linda's mouth. The effect of the fluid was instantaneous, Linda losing control, pulling Euphora's face to her own vulva, begging in harsh whispers, "Please…please…" Within moments Linda was being caressed and licked into a state of bliss…and willingly answering every question put to her.

"What isss your name, rank and job aboard thisss ssstasshion?"

"Myersssssss, ah…ah…ahhhh…Linda, Colonel….Chiefffff..Ohhhhhh…….Medical Officer. I'mmm…oh god…keep licking therrr…" Linda squealed in delight, bucking uncontrollably for a moment, before she was able to continue. "I'm the doctor."

"Tell me about the medical hissstoriesss of the crew."

Between gasps, Linda began giving detailed information about the crew, their medical histories, Earth Force medical techniques.

"What isss the biggessst sssecret you know about thisss ssspaccce ssstasshion?

By her fifth orgasm, Linda had given away all of the security procedures and station command codes.

Euphora paused amid her ministrations and questions, allowing Linda time to come partway down to, if not Earth, at least to the bed. She poured two tall glasses of water, giving one to Linda, and as they drank a silent toast, the creature ran her eyes up and down Linda's body, her pupils enlarging in excitement. "Pleassse drink all of the water, Doctor. It containsss sssomething to help you regain sssome control. Thank you for anssswering my quessstionsss. You have sssuch a lusssciousss body and mind, it isss a joy to be with you."

"Turnabout is fair play," said the human, setting her glass on the nightstand. The floating feeling had subsided, and Linda's professional curiosity became equally as strong as her desire as she began to explore the alien female body. Other than the eyes, the soft scaly integument, the thin, hair-like feathers, the second pair of mammary glands beneath the first, and the very long, thin muscular tongue (which Linda had particularly enjoyed) there were few major noticeable external differences. However, the flavor of her body fluids, saliva, milk, and vaginal were spicy, incredibly delicious and intoxicating, and the more she ingested, the more frantic Linda's sexual drive became. Euphora gasped in the throes of pleasure for long minutes at a time, while Linda's tongue and fingers probed her delicate folds. Linda wondered whether this woman would answer questions as a human did, while being aroused. She moved into a position where the two could rub their vulvas together, rocking back and forth, falling into a natural rhythm. Within minutes they brought each other to a gentle climax again. "Euphora, darling," she asked as her contractions subsided, "I love the way you can inflate your clitoral ridge beyond your labia. It feels so good, sliding against it. Would you tell me more about your biology?" She pulled away, turning around and began to finger the alien's clit, sliding her fingers back and forth along its length, watching as it inflated again.

"What you call my clitoral ridge, isss correctly named a frena, and continuesss down and into the upper wall of the vagina, making me exxxtremely sssensitive during intercourssse." She paused as the doctor moved down to examine the organ more closely, her fingers probing with the lightest of touches, following the ridge inside. Euphora shivered and continued explaining, "We are s..sssimilar to the egg-laying mammalsss of your world in sssome waysss, sssuch as being warm-blooded, and to reptilesss in othersss. We lay from two to sssixxx eggsss at a time. We nurssse our hatchlingsss on milk, very sssimilar to your own. Our malesss are not ssso territorial or asss aggresssive asss yoursss. They do not fight over femalesss. I would typically mate with anywhere from three to thirty malesss at a time. My vaginal fluidsss contain hormonesss that keep them arousssed for four to five hoursss, and alssso ssstimulate sssemen and sssperm production. I can tell that it isss equally effective on your malesss asss well. It ssshould alssso increassse your producsshion of fluidsss, ssso you mussst drink plenty of water to avoid dehydration." Under the continued stimulation of Linda's fingers, kisses, and an occasional lick, Euphora's soft airy speech came with more difficulty. "There isss alssso a h-hormone that sssupresssesss all inhibisshionsss. That isss h-how I c-can gather in-nformation ssso effectivellllyyyyyy." Euphora squealed in pleasure with the flick of Linda's tongue, her breathing rapid, shallow. "Oh, p-pleassse, keep moving y-your fingersss in and out like that! Oh-hh-hh….yes-ss-ss-ss-ss-ss-ss."

Linda continued applying gentle pressure with her fingers until Euphora's orgasm died down, then paused and asked, "So your males do not produce pheromones?"

Euphora reached down to run her fingers through Linda's hair. "No. Not like our women. It is not necessssary. The female attractsss many malesss at onccce, and they become ssstimulated to reproduce by her pheromonesss and fluidsss."

"And I can assume your hormones are not harmful to us?" Linda turned her head to rub against Euphora's outstretched arm, then kissed her wrist.

"We are cccertain that our body chemissstry isss generally compatible with yoursss, although our DNA isss different enough that there can be no interssspeccciesss hybridsss." 

"Hmm, no babies? How sad. I think I now understand why your people kept their women hidden from us, this whole year. They weren't being secretive, so much as protecting us. How long does your period of estrus last?"

"Essstrusss?"

Even now, Linda was having trouble maintaining her composure, her train of thought. She squirmed, slightly, pressing her palm against her own vulva, as she forced herself to think clearly enough to keep asking questions. "How long do you remain in heat?"

"Ah, three to sssixxx daysss, depending on whether any of my eggsss get fertilizzzed. Sssince your malesss cannot fertiliszzze me, sssixxx daysss." The alien's hand slid up Linda's body, cupping a breast, and squeezing the nipple, gently.

"I can see we won't get much work done around here for a while. But why did you come to spy on us?" Linda moved up to fondle and suck on Euphora's four breasts, the motions of her fingers and tongue bringing forth tremors of pleasure. 

"I wasss chosssen asss the bessst qualified, having ssstudied your language and customsss."

"That's not what I meant. Why did your people choose to spy on us?" Linda stopped what she was doing to listen more carefully.

"Having ssstudied your Earth culturesss, we felt that your offer to build a ssspace ssstasshion for usss wasss too generousss, too altruissstic. It wasss feared that your people might be trying to take advantage of usss for sssome reassson not yet underssstood. It wasss thought that if I quessstioned your ssstasshion crew, the command ssstaff, in particular, we might learn whatever wasss being held back."

"And what have you learned so far?" said Linda, moving down again, spreading Euphora's legs.

"I have quessstioned the top officersss including yourself and the bassse commander, and have found no ulterior motivesss. I mussst ssstill find the firssst officccer, but I do not expect his input will change anything. I will continue to probe, but I now exxxpect to find that your people are sssimply being uncharacterissstically generousss. I would like to know the reassson."

"To me, Euphora my love," she licked the frena, just once, then looked up into the alien's glittering eyes "you are the reason. However, I would guess that our people are just so happy to find an intelligent species that we can converse with, that they would do almost anything to promote friendship. Your people are the first friendly species we have found within a radius of one-hundred-forty light years of Earth, and we might never have found you if you hadn't been unlucky enough to get stuck on this planet. Euphora, you are so extraordinary. Would you please come to my cabin and spend time with Loren and me?"

"When I have completed my resssearch, transssmitted the recordingsss back, and resssted, I would be happy to come to your cabin. Who isss Loren?" she asked, caressing Linda's cheek, then pressing her lips against her outer labia.

Linda resisted placing her lips against the inviting slit. "I noticed you've had my husband, Loren, already. What did you think of him?" She ran her fingers lightly over the alien's frena, and inserted two fingers into her vagina.

"Hu-uuu-ussbann-.ddd?" The Aluran's breathing was ragged.

"My mate. His number was just before mine. He was just outside the cabin when I came in, with Vicky?" 

"Oh…yesss. He wasss wonderful. Ssso full of drive, and informasshion. He knew how to ssstimulate me, very we-elllll! Jussst like y-youuuu. Ohh-hh-hh-hh!" The alien woman convulsed in another orgasm, and Linda stopped licking her and removed her fingers. She continued to kiss, lightly along the alien's inner thighs and her outer lips. "Asss the ssstation physssician, won't you want to exxxamine me in your infirmary? I would really enjoy that." Euphora ran her fingers gently along Linda's jawline, then moved around, so they were once more face to face, to kiss her, her long tongue, tickling the inside of Linda's mouth. Linda responded, sucking on Euphora's tongue, wrapping her legs around Euphora's right leg, pressing her body full length against the alien body, their breasts sliding together, Linda's two, between the upper and lower pairs of the Aluran.

"Of course I want to examine you, darling, but in your present condition, you might gum up my instruments. I would doubt that I could get reliable readings anyway with both of us in this state. That can wait until you are out of heat. Tell me, how would I be able to tell which people you still have to question?"

"Thossse who are actively having sssex are mossst likely under the influenccce of my vaginal effluvium. And of course, those I have not yet questioned have higher numbers, if you ask them."

"Ah, so those just rubbing themselves are still waiting to see you. If I was only number twenty-seven, then you still have thirty-three people to question. God, I'm so hot, I don't want to leave you." The two women cuddled together on the bed, their caresses conveying emotions that transcended species differences.

Euphora ran her fingers through Linda's hair, and kissed her once more. "Perhapsss I ssshould not have ssspent ssso much time with you, Linda, but you are different from all the othersss, so very much like me in thought. I do want to be with you again, and have Loren join us. For now, you will find othersss to sssatisssfy your needsss among thossse I have already quessstioned. Pleassse go now. I will sssee you tomorrow. Have a pleasssant day, my love."
