 Alexis woke the next morning in her own room, naked still but at least covered by the sheets. Some lucky souls were known to need a few moments before realization hit them. Alexis was not one of them, she was too impatient even for that. No, she knew she was in the mansion of Andrew, Lord of Solan. The same man who had been enchanted to have sex with her last night so her enemy, Suran Ulric of Sabacc, could leave without her interfering. An act that she had been spelled into doing as well. The only part the young Knight did not understand was the light at the very end. It certainly was not Lust magic since it had seemed to help her. Sitting up the Knight looked at her hands. Nothing looked different about them. Alexis stared at them hard, willing anything to happen. Nope, nothing. Alexis had little doubt that the light was her doing; she was the daughter of Alexandra after all. A God-Born had to have some powers, even if something convenient like immunity to Lust magic was not one of them. 

A knock on her door roused her from her thoughts, "Yes?"

A woman's voice answered, one of the servants, "Pardon, lady. Lord Andrew wishes to see you in his quarters at your convenience. 

"Very well. I will be there shortly." Alexis said it so calmly, she was lucky the servant could not see her blushing face. She did not blame Andrew for last night, what had happened. The Suran and his companion were the ones who caused this. Just the thought of them enraged the girl even as the idea of seeing Andrew made her nervous. Lust magic could linger for some time, and she did not want to ruin another set of clothes....damn it. Alexis realized that her shirt had been ripped open last night, and her pants a distinct smell from them. This was not good.

-Several minutes later-

The servant bowed and walked away as Alexis knocked on the rich wood door. A muffled answer to enter was heard, and Alexis did just that. In the end Alexis had not worn her armor to intimidate her host. The girl he had just slept with marching in armed and possibly enraged would not help matters. A search of her room had yielded a blue dress; nobles did not seem fond of practical clothing. If nothing else, it was modest and that was what she needed.

Lord Andrew sat at a large desk, writing something down. The man glanced up and caught Alexis' curious gaze.

"I am writing up my commands. Ulric Bloodrose and anyone allied with him are to be found and imprisoned within my lands. I doubt the Suran is still around, but I will not let him run free in my domain."

"A wise idea, my Lord."

"I have also sent a letter to your Order about what happened."

Alexis went deep red as she thought about that. Andrew waved his hand in assurance.

"Not everything, Alexis. I told them that the Suran was here, and that his companion cast her spell on myself and a servant. You gave chase to Ulric and gave up the search to try and help me. So far as your Masters are concerned, you knocked me out until the spell wore off."

Alexis sighed in relief. If Master Jacob learned that she had been seduced so easily, there was no telling what would happen. "Thank you."

Andrew finished his letter and set the quill down, looking at Alexis steadily. "Sir Rosecruise, I owe you apology for last night. I allowed myself to fall into the Suran's trap and that harmed you as well."

Still blushing, Alexis still managed to keep her voice calm, "It was not your fault, Lord Andrew. I was just as affected by that magic as you. We Knights are taught early on that our bodies may be used against us by our enemies. It is Lust's only real power over members of the Order."

"Regardless, I should not have trusted Ulric. The Suran has visited this city before, and always behaved himself. I fear I was far too forgetful that Ulric serves Makon."

Alexis did not go on. People in power always seemed to take all the blame for something. Slightly more comfortable, Alexis asked another question.

"And Emila?"

"My daughter is safe, thank goodness. The guards did not see anyone near her room the whole night. Ulric escaped at once, and is probably laughing at me in Sabacc."

Alexis straightened, "And that is where I go as well, lord. I cannot say why, but my mission brings me to the desert."

Andrew looked at her for a moment before nodding and rising, "Very well. You will leave today. My servants will prepare everything."

Alexis shook her head, hiding her discomfort at Andrew came closer, "I should leave now, before Ulric can do any more harm."

Andrew let out a short laugh before stopping in front of her and wrapping is arm around her waist. Ignoring her grunt of surprise he gently pulled her against him.

"You clearly don't know Ulric Bloodrose. That man does nothing without planning it out. You could have chased right after him and found he had something ready to block you."

"My Lord!" The protest turned into a sigh as Andrew nuzzled her neck and caressed her through the dress.

"This is my apology for last night, Alexis. I'm going to show you that not all men act like animals to a woman." Her protest was again ignored as his head went up and pressed her into a kiss. As her body grew hot, Alexis weakly thought over the problems of a Lord and a Knight doing this, not to mention a much older Lord and an 18 year old girl. But then his tongue slipped into her mouth and his hand began tugging at the strings of her dress and she thought of little else. Andrew stepped back to let the dress fall off, his eyes roaming over her body and blushing face before leaning back in to kiss her. This time Alexis met him, wrapping her arms around in neck and moaning into his mouth as Andrew cupped her breasts. The Lord rubbed and squeezed them tenderly, his thumbs playing with her tips now and then as their tongues battled. Eventually his arms ringed her and lifted her up, the sudden move causing her to hug him with her legs and break the kiss. She hadn't known how strong he was.

Andrew set her on his desk and opened her legs to look at her wet pussy. Embarrassed, Alexis glanced up at the ceiling as Andrew chuckled. What did he expect? This really counted, to her, as her first willing time with a man. That pig at the guard station took her without permission and Andrew himself had been spelled. The embarrassment only grew when Andrew bent down and quickly ran his tongue up her lips. Alexis jumped slightly and looked down at a smiling Andrew before his tongue licked her again, and again. Pleasure ran up her spin and Alexis ran her fingers through Andrew's hair, urging him on. After licking her like that a few more times he dove in, his tongue parting her lips and right into her pussy. Alexis arched in surprise and delight as he ate her out, his experience showing as he quickly worked her to a loud climax. 

Alexis' eyes widened as Lord Andrew removed his pants and shirt. His dick was erect and ready, and Alexis spread her legs a little more in anticipation. He did not disappoint as his dick rubbed against her lips before sliding into her. Alexis arched her back again, her breasts up for him to lick and suck as his cock began pumping in and of her. Andrew groaned as she wrapped her legs around him and urged him deeper into her. Alexis felt in heaven as he thrust into her, sex did not seem that bad when she was actually enjoying it. She hugged him close as his body shook. A moment later she felt his seed spilling into her.

She left an hour later, seen off by Lord Andrew. Emila sent her regards, but had not left her room since Alexis had saved her. Her father believed that her assault had left the young woman uncomfortable and he was in no rush to change that until he was sure Ulric had not left any spies behind. The Lord and Knight saluted each other, a smile in bother their eyes. Now she was riding through the eastern forest. Andrew had suggested she stop at the Temple of Jar located deep in the woods. Jar was a patron of books and knowledge, and the library there might have clues to entering Sabacc unnoticed or at least how to better resist Makon's Lust. Alexis was halfway there when the sounds of struggle came off the road. Alexis frowned as she dismounted, something seemed off. These woods were just touching the border of Solan, no bandit would make such noise. As she crept through the trees, as much as she could in armor, the sounds became clearer. Pants, grunts, and moaning. Alexis found she was not that surprised anymore. From behind a tree she looked over and felt her face, and body, grow hot. A girl, maybe a year older than her, was on her arms and knees with her ass arched up to the sky. She had short black hair, brown eyes, and tan skin. She was also naked, her soft breasts pressed into the grass of the clearing as an Orc pumped into her pussy. A green skinned and tribal race, Orcs were vicious in battle and known for looting their enemies of property and people. They were also slavers, which was why many Orc tribes lived in the deserts of Sabacc under Ulric's patronage. This Orc was still wearing the loose desert clothes of his kind, a headwrap and brown robe with his pants down. From her angle, Alexis realized that Orcs did indeed have larger manhoods then most humans. He was bigger than Andrew! The Orc pumped hard into the girl, making her squirm and moan as he violated her. Hey eyes glued to the scene, Alexis took her options. She couldn't use magic with the Orc in the poor girl, but he wasn't armed. Quietly drawing her sword, Alexis charged out of the trees and into the clearing.

The Orc turned his head and growled at the intrusion. He pulled out of the girl and charged, running at her with fists raised. Alexis started with a quick stab that the Orc dodged, ducking herself to avoid the swing of his meaty fists. Her armored boot kicked out at his knee, earning a grunt as he staggered. Before he could recover Alexis slammed the hilt of her sword against his forehead. The Orc stared stupidly at her for a moment before falling down. 

"Reckless beast." Alexis shook her head before raising her sword for the kill.

"But not alone." Alexis spun around and had just enough time to see a blur of green before seeing only black.

The first thing that Alexis noticed when she came too was the heat. She was indoors, and her armor was not blocking the heat. Naked again. If she wasn't trying to figure out where she was, Alexis might have been annoyed. Cracking open an eye, she glanced around. She was inside a tent, a fire burning in the center. It must be night out. The ground felt rough and uneven, she was laying on hard dirt. The next thing she noticed were the occupants, a tribe of at least ten Orcs. Opening her eyes fully, Alexis slowly sat up. All the Orcs sat on the ground, save a larger one on a wooden chair and dressed in richer clothes than the others. The tan girl from before was on her knees before the leader, her head bobbing up and down on his cock while fingering herself. The Orc she took out sat at his left, a large bruise clear on his head. While he was looking unhappy to see her, the rest roamed over her body, appraising her. From the murmurs, they liked what they saw. 

The lead Orc grunted at her movement before speaking, "You put up a good fight, human bitch. My son needed some humbling."

"If that was what you consider a good fight, it won't matter much if I have my sword or not."

Some of the Orcs laughed slightly, glancing at the beaten son as the leader grunted again. The girl let go of his cock and began licking up and down his length.

"He is not the only one who needs humbling. No market wants arrogant woman."

Market? The slave pens? Alexis, despite her growing anger, was uneasy. If they were slavers, what where they doing out here? Sabacc was the only place that still had slave markets, legally anyway.

Alexis scanned the tent, taking stock, "You saw my armor. I am a Knight of the Heart; arrogance is not your only problem."

"Knight, Lady, Priest, no matter. You are a woman, a fine one. For a human. Your titles mean nothing here; they will mean nothing in Sabacc. We make much for selling you for pleasure."

Alexis stood up with anger building in her head even more, "Pleasure? You think I will just let you sell me off like meat."

The bruised Orc stood as well, turning to the leader, "Father, let me humble her. Prove that I am still strong."

The leader glanced between them and nodded, "Very well, Grank."

Grank rolled his large arms and stepped into the center. The Orc threw the first punch, growling as Alexis moved to the side and kicked out at his injured knee. The Orcs hooted at Grank knelt down in pain for a second before trying to tackle her. Alexis moved aside again, barely missing him as she kicked his back and sending him tumbling to the ground. Grank slammed his fist on the floor before standing up again. Alexis watched carefully. If she could get a strike on his head then Grank at least was no problem. Hopefully her magic would be enough to fight off the others and escape. Grank ran at her with a roar and arms outstretched. Alexis stood her ground and kicked her foot out for his head. The Orcs laughed at what they also believed to be the end, and then grunted in surprise when Grank dove under the kick, his body hitting the ground. Before Alexis could react Grank had her leg and pulled, sending the Knight to the floor. Alexis tried sitting up only for Grank to hold her down by sitting himself on her, her arms pinned above her head by one of his large hands.

Grank's other hand was pulling open his pants, letting his large cock spring out. Meeting Alexis' look of outrage with a smug grin, Grank shifted his weight and pried her legs open. Alexis squirmed and tried to get free, causing her large breasts to move to the happy sight of the Orcs. Grank rubbed the tip of his green length against her before slamming his cock into her pussy. Alexis bit her lip to keep from crying out at Grank pounded into her. 

Squeezing her breast with his free hand Grank leaned in closer and smirked, "How is this, human bitch? Lose your sword and you're just another woman to fuck."

Alexis spit at him, a move that only made Grank thrust harder into her. Alexis was feeling the pressure build up on her when his hand gave her nipple a sharp pull. Alexis gasped, then again when he pulled harder. Suddenly things seemed hazy, the same haze as before. More and more the feeling of his cock in her filled her mind. She lifted her body up, a move that caused Gnark to lean in lick her nipple before taking it in his mouth. Alexis whimpered as he sucked and pulled at her breasts, even as she mentally wanted to break his neck. Three more pulls and a few hard thrusts sent her over into an orgasm. The girl took deep breaths as her juices flowed over his cock. Snorting in disgust, Grank pulled out and turned to his tribesmen.

"Just like any other human, their bodies can't even keep up with an Orc! Shall I show her what we can really do?"

The Orcs nodded in agreement as Grank turned Alexis over and pulled her up by the waist, her ass for everyone to see. Gripping her hips he pushed into her pussy again, the girl groaning as he stabbed her with quick and long thrusts. Grank chuckled at her foolishness before pulling out and pressing his juiced up cock between her cheeks. Alexis' eyes widened as the head slowly forced itself in, before Grank pushed his cock into her asshole. Alexis gave a load moan as he pushed more of his rod in and out.

"Take, bitch. Ill fuck you every day from here to Sabacc. By the time you go on the market, you will be just another sex slave!"

Alexis could do nothing but moan and pant as he forced himself deeper into her ass. She was not used to sex this rough, not used to a dick this big, and sure not used to said Orc dick carving into a hole she never thought of using for sex. Pleasure mixed with pain as Grank grabbed her ponytail and pulled up. The Knight was now on her hands and knees as he used her hair to push even deeper into her. Her mind screamed at her to use her magic. Her body, on the other hand, was driven by a sexual frenzy. Balanced on Gnark's dick, she fingered herself with one of her hands. Some of the Orcs voiced their approval as two fingers began pumping in and out of her wet pussy. Between the fingers in her pussy and the dick in her ass, she reached her limit fast. A loud cry signaled her second orgasm. As she came her body shook and Grank found his dick squeezed by her muscles. The Orc came with a roar, his cum pouring into her as Alexis screamed louder. Both stayed as they were, panting from the effort before Grank pulled out of her ass and let her slump down. The Orcs clamped as Grank stomped over to her and smirked as the human scratched at the ground.

"Did you enjoy, bitch?"

Still catching her breath, Alexis turned to face him and smirked back, "Not as much this."

With that Alexis drew the circle around the zigzag. The rune flared to life and a bolt of lightning burst out, striking Grank point blank. The Orc roared in pain as his face was ruined by the bolt, his eyes and nose reduced to a bloody mess as he fell. The other slavers stared in shock as what had been the dominating of a human turned into chaos as Alexis deftly drew two more runes. Lightning struck the gathered Orcs, many dying as the bolts struck them in the packed tent. Sore and tired from her abuse, Alexis stood up and had just enough time to dodge as one of the surviving Orcs swung a sword at her. The next swing struck the rune of her shield spell, the knockback sending the Orc stumbling back into the fire. Alexis grabbed the fallen sword and spun, slicing the head off another Orc. The only ones left alive were Alexis, Grank groaning as he rolled around on the floor and the leader who had not moved. His hand was on the slave's head, forcing his cock into her mouth. His eyes were fixed on the bloody and naked Alexis with lustful rage. The slave's muffled moans ended as the leader climaxed in her mouth and let her go with cum dribbling down her mouth. Standing up, the Orc leader lifted a warhammer and swung it.

"You fight well, human. But not well enough. You are weak, a weak human made weaker from fucking my son. I will beat you and make you my whore. A strong slave like you will make me stronger."

"The only thing you are doing is dying, Orc." Ignoring the unsteadiness in her legs, Alexis charged. The leader took his hammer in both hands and swung with surprising speed. Alexis was too tired to stop the hammer from striking the sword, tearing it from her grasp as she stumbled to the ground. The leader only laughed as he raised the bottom of his weapon to knock her out. As the weapon came down, a haze came over Alexis. Unlike the Lust filled haze of sex, this one made her feel sharp, aware. Without realizing it she thrust her hands out, grabbing the hammer and stopping it dead. Growling in confusion, the leader pushed more weight on the weapon the refused to budge. Alexis slowly stood up, all fatigue gone as she lifted her leg and kick out. The Orc felt as if an iron ball struck his gut as he was sent flying through his chair. Groaning from the impact, the Orc looked up for his last sight. Alexis stood over him, his own hammer coming down on him. The hammer splattered his head, sending blood and other bits across the tent wall. Power she did not understand coursing through her, Alexis pointed at the fire and snapped. Flames leapt up and around the tent. Covering the bodies, the wreckage, all of it. And with it went the power, leaving Alexis in an instant of pure fatigue. Before she passed out, she heard the sounds of Grank burning alive.

Alexis lay on air, her body floating through a realm of white and pink. No matter where she looked it was the same, but at the same time different. Her body felt revived and clean, all signs of her rut with Grank gone. Alexis had no idea where she was, and strangely felt no need to move from it. In the distance a pinpoint of light sparked invitingly, a pull that finally brought Alexis to action. The Knight raised her hand to grab it...
