 Taylen Tenebris sat in the mess hall sipping his drink. He was the executive officer and wing commander of the Hawkblades squadron, aboard the explorer class vessel – Searching Light. His flight suit was unzipped down to his waist, and he sipped his drink with his eyes lost deep in thought.

The mission had been simple; travel through the new wormhole to wherever it lead, explore and report back. However, after travelling through the wormhole it had closed abruptly behind them – leaving them stranded at the arse-end of the universe with no immediate way home. The explorer class vessels were kitted out for this, but in fifteen years of exploration it had never happened to them (or anyone else he had heard of). The ion drive used dust scooped up from the corona of stars to power it for decades. Food Synthesizers would make all they needed, drawing on the ships reserves and water was constantly recycled and easily accessible throughout the galaxy. The ship was self-sustaining for the crew of six people on board.

Taylen sipped his drink, looking around the mess, as he waited for the meeting to start. The commander had called them all here to discuss their predicament. In fact, the captain was the only one currently missing. At Taylen's table, sat his two wingmen, or wing-women... Louisa and Laura... Two of the best pilots he had ever flown with, they had joined him on this mission, detached from peace keeping, trying something different... Bet they were regretting it now. Laura was tall – six feet, with dark brown hair cut short. Her eyes were glittering as she sat there sipping their last remaining stash of whisky. She was trained in communications repair and first aid in the field. Louisa was a science officer who had demonstrated a talent for anticipating flight controls. She had transferred after becoming a science officer, then trained to fly. Both of them had saved his life more times than he could count. She also had the best cleavage Taylen had ever been privileged to see.

The other two people in the mess hall were Nick and Nic... The running joke amongst people were that engineering was run by a pair of knickers. Nick was short, broadly built and the stereotypical engineer; if it broke, he could fix it with a pencil, elastic band and a piece of gum. A useful person to have on board whilst stranded. Nic was wafer thin and genius level smart. Barely nothing to her slight frame, she was nervous around people for too long and preferred hiding in engineering – toying with new designs.

The door gave its tell-tale beep and swung inwards, allowing entrance for the commander. Sue Fyreborn was one of the best ship commanders he had ever met, and was now keeping them all in-line and on task. She walked over, grabbed the bottle from the table and took a swig from it, sitting on the edge of one of the tables.

"We're fucked... and not in the fun kind of way." She took another swig from the bottle, and looked around at them. "We have two options... The first is to sit around here and wait for the wormhole to re-open – if it re-opens... The second option is to set off in one direction to see if we can work out where we are, and then work out a way back home. We could be a few years away, we could be a millennium away from home, we can't tell from this position."

Sue looked around the room for some kind of response but the Knickers seemed to be lost in their own worlds – undoubtedly considering the mechanics of the fixing the problem with some sort of device. Laura looked pissed, and Louisa looked confused.

"Sod it... We came out to explore – I get bored sat around too long. Let's go for a wander and see what turns up. We have one of the newest, most self-sufficient ships in the fleet and a whole universe to go and see what's going on out there." Taylen smiled, and downed the rest of his drink looking around. "I would rather get out of here and look around, than spend the next few years waiting for something to happen, that might not even happen!"

Looking around the room, Sue watched to see how people reacted. Most people seemed unsure. "I am commander of this ship but on this occasion, I would like to know people's thoughts before I make a decision. Stay or go... Louisa?"

"Go..."

"Laura?"

"Go!"

"Nicks?"

"Stay... We might be able to work out how to open it again at some point if we stay..."

"And Taylen...?"

"Go."

Nodding, half to herself and to the rest of them... "I guess that's it then – we take our chances finding our way home. Everyone back to your stations – Taylen, stay a moment."

Taylen watched as the others left, struggling to take his eyes of Laura's swaying hips as she sashayed out of the door pulling it closed behind her. "What's up boss?"

"We have to keep things moving and keep morale up... Take out one of the Hawkblades and scout the immediate area, leave a buoy for the corps to find if we are gone and the wormhole opens up."

"Yes Ma'am..."

She grinned at him... Looked him up and down... "I am also relaxing the rules on errrrm... shall we say dalliances... It's been a long time for me as well, and I saw you looking at Laura's ass. It could be a very long flight and we are going to need some sort of fun."

Taylen smiled slyly, winked and hopped off the bench heading out of the mess. As he left, he turned left and headed down the main corridor. The ship had three levels; the upper deck was the bridge and living area – gym, washrooms, bedrooms, library and entertainment area. It also acted as a life pod in the case of emergencies. The centre deck had store rooms, research equipment and a few other odds and ends. The lower deck was for engineering and had a flight deck for the ship's three Hawkblades. He made his way to the main shaft, and clambered down the ladder to the flight deck. Opening the door, he entered, and walked up to his blade.

The cockpit shone, polarised material shielded, but allowed perfect vision all around. The wings curved back on themselves like two crescent moons, the twin cannons all but invisible in the main structure. Climbing onto the wing, he activated the cockpit and watched it slide back. Inside, the seat and control panels were as familiar as his own bed as he lowered himself in. After flicking through the usual pre-flight checks, he launched quickly and soared around the outside of the ship. Flying was his biggest joy... well – bar one...

The Searching Light looked sleek and well-designed from the outside, and as he dropped the buoy he did a scan in the immediate area finding nothing; no ships, no signs of life... nothing.

Gliding the ship back into the flight deck, he locked down again. The ship's auto pilot controlled the landing – allowing the Hawkblade to settle easily and quickly back into place. Hopping out, Taylen made his way back up to the bridge to report on what he had found out, or more accurately – not found.

Reaching the bridge, he reported to Sue; informing her of the lack of anything nearby, then decided to head to the entertainment room – his shift on the bridge wasn't due for another four ship hours. Pulling one of the tablets down from the shelf, he sat down in one of the chairs and flicked through, looking for something he hadn't read from one of his favourite authors. Finding one, he settled down to read. He had only been reading for thirty minutes, when Louisa walked in through the door. She smiled at him and grabbed one of the other tablets, flicked through it for a few minutes and then with a loud, exasperated sigh dumped it on the table...

"I don't know how you can read at a time like this..."

"I have a feeling we will get a lot of reading done at the minute. We have a lot of time ahead of us..."

"That's true... but I can think of more fun ways to spend the time..."

Taylen laughed... "I take it that our commander shared her slackening of the rules with you."

"Yep... That she did... I never did thank you properly for saving my ass in that last dog fight..."

Putting down the tablet, Taylen stared up at her from his seat as she walked towards him. Cutting to the chase, her hands drifted to the front of her flight suit and she began teasing the zip down. As it passed below her breasts, it slid open. Taylen's breath caught in his throat. She didn't appear to be wearing much underneath it.

Grinning like an idiot, he watched more and more of her creamy tanned skin appear. Shrugging her shoulders out of the suit, it dropped, catching around her waist. Those gorgeous large breasts with their particularly prominent nipples, drew his gaze like a magnet. She walked over and straddled him in the chair, grinning broadly as his hands slid up to cup her breasts tweaking her nipples. Leaning forwards, Taylen bit down on her nipples... gently to start with, then with increasing force as she writhed on top of him – gripping his hair with both hands, her head leaned upwards – exposing her neck.

Taylen swiftly licked and bit her neck in the same spot before standing and pushing her towards the table and onto the surface on her back. Gripping her boots, he ripped them off and dropped them to the floor. She raised her hips, letting him slide her flight suit completely off. She was wearing nothing underneath and her bare pussy was glistening with her arousal. Taylen ran a finger along the length of it, listening to her whispered moan, as he inserted his finger in – up to the second knuckle – teasing her. Rubbing his thumb over her clit, he bit his lip and smiled at the sight of this stunning beauty; naked on the table with his fingers inside her, whimpering and moments away from begging for him.

He reached up, undid his flight suit and pulled it down below his waist. Taking his briefs that he wore underneath with them, freeing his very hard cock, which sprang out in front of him. He grabbed her legs and lifted her ankles up onto his shoulders. Within seconds, he entered her roughly and thrust his hard cock deep inside her, splitting her open in an instant. She screamed in pleasure as he entered her, and her fingers raked down his forearms as she slammed in and out of her – fast and hard. His thick cock filling her over and over, as he pounded her down onto the table. Leaning down, he suckled and bit her breasts; making her cry out with every thrust and bite, his shaft drilled in and out of her soaking hole.

She came hard for him after only a few minutes of his pounding cock, and as he continued to drill into her, he lost track of the number of times she came for him. Soon, he could feel his own orgasm building and pulled out of her – directing his cock towards her glorious breasts. Stroking his shaft a couple of times, he came hard all over her breasts; stream after stream of his cum blasting out and covering her stomach and all the way up to her breasts. Breathing heavily, he squeezed the last drops of cum out, watching it drop down onto her red, abused cunt. He leaned over and kissed her, as he fastened up his flight suit.

"That was fun gorgeous. We will have to do it again..."

With a grin, and only slightly wobbly legs, he made his way out of the entertainment centre and towards the bridge. As he reached the bridge, he turned to look behind him, and saw Louisa walk out of the room, completely naked still, and carrying her clothes – heading to the washrooms.

"Didn't see much point getting dressed before I washed..." She called out down the corridor, shrugging. She grinned and flipped a cheeky salute at him as he entered the bridge.