 " I can't believe you're gone, for a week!" Emily pouted, pulling Amanda to her. The warm laugh that emanated from deep within Amanda's chest rose up between them. Pressed against Amanda's body, Emily could almost feel it as her own. 

"It's a short vacation Emily. As an employee of Janwich prison it would be a shame if I didn't use my vacation days." She punctuated the end of the sentence with a light kiss on Emily's lips.

"I know." Emily said with a sigh. "That doesn't mean I have to like it." The past few weeks had been like a dream, late evenings where they snuck away for makeout sessions or even just long talks, just the two of them. 

"I'll miss you." Amanda said gently, " I'll be back before you know it." The kisses that Amanda started trailing from her neck to her collarbone proved to be a formidable distraction, but Emily still needed to know something. "What you said before..." 

It had been one of their more involved makeout sessions last week, Amanda had been gone for two days and when she had returned, they had met in Emily's cell. Emily had worried about the dark circles under her lover's eyes, but had been quickly reassured by the passionate kisses that Amanda had laid on her. Sometimes Amanda was so gentle, teasing Emily with soft kisses and gentle, sensual touches, but the days after she returned from her night work Amanda seemed to be pulsing with sexual energy. Their bodies pressed together, feeling the heat between their clothes, Emily had never wanted Amanda more, and she was sure Amanda felt the same way. 

In a moment of boldness she had slipped one hand into Amanda's jumpsuit and cupped her impressive member. "Emily." Amanda gasped her name, her eyes darkened with lust. "No, not yet." 

"Why? I want you, Amanda, and I know you want me too." Emily had said, her frustration muting her desire. "I don't want to wait anymore." It was cruel for fates to dangle such a tempting person like Amanda in front of her; she was barely able to control herself around the woman who just oozed sex appeal. 

"I know, it's hard for me too. But..." Amanda sat on her heels on the bed, zipping up her jumpsuit back up. "My first time with you..." An a rare look of uncertainty flashed across her features. "I want to be special."

"Oh." Emily said lamely. "God, I feel like such a slut now." She said, quickly turning away and zipping up her jumpsuit as well. 

"No, Emily." Amanda wrapped her arms around Emily's waist. "You're not. I'm so happy to know how you feel about me, sometimes I want you so badly..." and Emily heard a shaky intake of breath after this. "But I also -- care deeply about you. When I come back from my vacation after next week, I promise...I'll give you a night you won't forget."

"Of course I meant it." Amanda said. Emily was quickly jerked into Amanda's arms and given a kiss so deep, so intimate that she felt silly for ever asking. "Ok, I have to go now." Amanda said reluctantly. "Ok, good bye." She watched Amanda leave. When she stopped to blow a kiss back at her Emily groaned. It was going to be a long week. 

It was noon Sunday, and Emily was happily humming to herself as she reshelved the library books. This was probably her favorite chore, she was the only one assigned to the task so she enjoyed the peace and quiet. Carmen, the library prison guard usually left her alone, she was one of the nice ones, Emily figured. When she worked in the morning the laconic guard would greet her with a smile and two steaming cups of coffee. She didn't even realize Carmen had left until she heard her walking over. "Since you're working through your lunch hour, you can take a break and have some lunch, whatever work you don't finish you can do tomorrow." Carmen said. She pushed aside a pile of books to place the turkey sandwich and can of pop on the table. 

"Oh, thank you." Wow, that probably the most she had ever heard from Carmen. "Yep." Carmen said, leaving. That was more like it. Emily sat down and enjoyed the best turkey sandwich she ever had. It was definitely something from the guard's kitchen, she knew that. After lunch she worked for a while longer, the sun shining down on her from the wall length windows. She decided it would be easier for her to sort through the books first while sitting down on one of the lounging chairs. A convincing decision soon proved to be a mistake. It wasn't long before the after effects of the turkey and the warm sun beating down on her caused her to drift into a deep sleep. 

Carmen went through scenario after scenario on the computer, trying to hone her battle tactics as well as she could while they were on this planet. Hopefully once they found the oosith then they could be back on their way and maybe she could finally move up the ranks from being a rookie. As she finally solved a very difficult scenario after her third try she sat back, a proud expression on her face. 

"Well done rookie." 

Carmen jumped as she heard Angel's voice behind her. She jumped up, knocking the keyboard by accident as she turned to salute. She couldn't help but feel a little giddy. Praise from the well-respected Angel was quite a compliment. She lowered her hand but continued standing at attention as Angel sauntered over. "Uh-ma'am?" She muttered, confused as Angel pressed up against her until she could feel her soft breasts against hers. "How would you like to learn a different type of training?" 

"Uh that sounds.......fantastic." She moaned as Angel trailed hot kisses down her neck. 

"Carmen." The voice was authoritative and clear, but even so Carmen had pull herself out of the stupor she had fallen into. She turned and once she saw the woman standing beside them she finally recognized the owner of the voice. "Lieutenant Stevens!" She gasped. 

"You're needed in the training room immediately." Stevens drawled. "Yes sir." Carmen replied thickly, for Angel was still wrapped around her, kissing her neck. 

"Uh...Angel." 

"What?" Angel swerved her head, brushing the blonde locks away from her face. "Oh. Right." She untangled her limbs from Carmen's breathlessly. "Off you go then." She said, shamelessly slapping Carmen on the ass. "Scoot." 

Once the rookie had left, Angel leaned on the table, examining her reflection on a shiny surface. "So, what training are they in for?" It was a pity that Carmen had to leave, Angel was left turned on and restless. 

"Oh I don't know." Stevens said with her signature grin. "I'm sure she'll find something to do." She said nonchalantly. Strong arms pulled Angel roughly to Stevens and she let out a little squeal. "Besides, why would you want a rookie when you have a seasoned vet here?" Ah, so she wasn't the only one feeling it today. She wrapped her legs around Stevens' waist; the taller woman handled her weight easily. She let out a moan when she felt something pressing against her, two somethings, actually. 

Stevens mashed their lips together, her hands pulling off the shirt Angel was wearing. Buttons popped and clattered onto the floor as Stevens threw the tatters of Angel's top down to join them. Stevens was always rough this way, and pretty soon Angel was nude while Stevens was still fully clothed. "Don't bother, we won't be here long." Stevens grunted, palming Angel's breasts, rubbing her thumbs over the light pink peaks. 

"Jerk." Angel said, but the crude handling was still enough to make her more aroused, especially when Stevens reached down to pinch her nub. She grunted, spreading her legs to allow Stevens access. This was the reason that Angel put up with her. As crass as Stevens was, she was very good at what she did. She moaned as Stevens fondled her, rubbing on both sides of her sensitive clit. They kissed, and Steven's finger inside her a cooling relief to the burning heat in her center. 

"Ugh....yes." She groaned as another finger soon followed. "More." She panted, and of course Stevens would completely remove her fingers. She opened her mouth hotly to explain exactly what she meant by more but was quickly interrupted by Stevens grabbing her butt cheeks and quickly putting her onto the desk. One more blur of motion and Stevens was free, the twin heads peeked out of Steven's pants, hard and ready. "Fuck me." Angel demanded. "Oof!" She wheezed as both well-endowed cocks entered her at the same time. "Take it easy." She whimpered as Stevens thrust powerfully into her, pinning Angel's hands to her sides. "I always take it easy, I'm with you, aren't I?" Stevens leered. 

"Oh fuck you." 

"Just shut up and let me fuck you." Stevens rolled her eyes. 

Angel sighed and lay back on the table. Once her body adjusted she could appreciate the fucking. She ran her hands down the planes of Stevens' face, down the striated muscles that were her deltoids, her large biceps. Stevens filled her like no one else ever could, and she moaned blissfully as Stevens took her. 

Her bed felt very different, and there were books all around her. Emily pursed her lips in her sleep, pushing away the books. Wait. Books. The library! Emily's eyes shot open as sat up so quickly it made her head spin. Shit, one glance at the clock told her she was fifteen minutes late for the head count. She was wondering why Carmen didn't wake her when she heard the sounds. Even from the distance the sex sounds were unmistakable, and the carnal sex sounds were enough to make her blush. Peeking over the shelf, she saw Stevens and Angel taking in each other at the front desk. 

Beads of sweat accumulated on Stevens forehead as they fucked, Angel sensed she was close and wiped them away. In that moment she also connected their minds, reaching out to Stevens mentally. In this state they felt each other's pleasure as well as their own. It was easy to probe the surface of Stevens mind, the woman didn't believe in tact so most of what she thought, she said. In her mind she was enjoying how good it felt being inside Angel's passage, her two cocks rubbing against each other, her quickly increasing orgasm. And she felt something else before Stevens' orgasm brought them both over the edge. 

Hearing a cessation in the moans, Emily felt it was the best time to sneak away. She dashed from aisle to aisle, the exit getting closer and closer, until....

"Emily." A composed Stevens called out. " Get over here." Ah crap. Angel was looking at Stevens looking offended. She mouthed the words "You knew" Emily didn't really think about this because at this moment Stevens grabbed her brusquely, spinning her around to face her. "And missing the head count apparently. I wonder what the Warden will say about this." She tut-tutted. Emily, unnerved, said nothing.

"Or maybe..." And this time Stevens pulled Emily towards her so that she had to braced herself against Stevens shoulders to avoid them pressing together. "I could doll out your punishment myself."

The thought was unbearable. "Take me to the Warden!" She said suddenly. Anything would be better than being with Stevens. 

"As you wish." Stevens said silkily. "Who knows, perhaps the Warden will let me get a taste after."