 It felt like she was walking on death row, Emily's hands were sweating so badly she swore she was leaving a trail behind her. Maybe they could use it to find her body after the Warden was done with her. Stevens led her down a hallway she had never been before to an elevator which she opened with a swipe of her key card.

The muscular guard was so quiet, it was very unnerving. Down another hallway and they were standing at a door. Stevens pressed a button and the door opened.

"Stevens." WOW. The female that answered it was completely naked, Nikki quickly looked away but the image of the incredibly fit, lean dark skinned female was already burned into her mind.

"I have a prisoner requiring discipline." Steven said silkily.

"Yes, lieutenant."

Stevens pushed Emily into the room. She stumbled and both the guards chuckled. The door closed behind her and she took a deep breath and walked forward. It was a circular room with a giant bed in the middle, with lavish red silk blankets. There was a woman reclining on the bed, even if she hadn't seen her before Emily would've immediately recognized her as the warden, she exuded a calm and powerful presence so strong she could almost taste it.

She was also nude, and this time Emily could not tear her eyes away from her magnificent body, the perfectly formed soft breasts with their dark aerolas, her narrow muscular chiseled waist, the small patch of trimmed hair that neatly drew her attention to the join between her legs...The effect the woman had on her was immediate, she felt heat surge through her body that had nothing to do with embarrassment, though she felt plenty of that.

"Ah." The one piercing blue eye looked at her. "Emily." She didn't ask how the warden knew her name, though the fact that she already knew it did nothing to ease her anxiety about the situation. 

" She missed the headcount, warden." Stevens reported to the magnificent goddess, " And she was spying on Angel and me in the library. She needs to be punished."

The warden was silent for a very suspenseful, heart stopping moment. "Is this true, Emily?" The warden and Emily made eye contact and Emily looked down instinctively. "Yes, warden."

" And Emily is supposed to be punished for your incompetence, lieutenant? This is the third time you've revealed yourself to an inmate." The warden spoke in a casual tone like she was talking about the weather, but even Emily could feel the tension in the room. Emily looked up and saw Stevens' face visibly pale. Sucker. This should be interesting.

"Strip." The command was so strong that Emily's hand jerked in an attempt to remove her jumpsuit. She took a step away from the lieutenant as she unbuttoned her black shirt, letting it fall to the floor. Wow I'm going to be the only one wearing clothes, Emily thought to herself, she realized that was probably the first and last time she would ever have that thought. She hadn't been dismissed so she stood there awkwardly while Stevens took off her uniform. Oh wow there they are, she gulped as the muscular woman stood naked beside her in all her glory, looking very much like a pinup model for a muscle magazine. If pinup models had two dicks, that is.

"Are you ready, lieutenant?" Ready? For what?

"Yes, warden."

For a second nothing happened, then Stevens sank to her knees with a pain-filled groan, after a few seconds she lay on the ground, curled into a fetal position. Both her cocks were erect, and from the sounds of it, it was excruciatingly painful. It was shocking to see this tall, arrogant woman crying as an invisible force tortured her, Stevens was emitting a keening noise that was pitiful, it tore at Emily's heart. She wouldn't wish this on anyone, no matter how terrible they were. "STOP IT!" She yelled at the warden, stepping in front of Steven' vulnerable in an attempt to shield her from the assault. The warden broke her gaze to stare at Emily coldly. "Excuse me?" Emily immediately regretting her decision. "Please, I think she got the message." Behind her she could hear Stevens dry sobs.

"Has she." The warden looked at her appraisingly. "I don't think so, she's only halfway done. Would you like to take the rest of her punishment?" Again, it wasn't a question. Emily swallowed. Oh god what have I gotten myself into? But she knew in her heart that she couldn't stand seeing others in pain, it was killing her. 

"I'm ready." She said in a trembling voice. The force hit her so fast and hard that she doubled over as if she had been punched in the stomach, every nerve ending was on fire, she felt this incredible desire take over her, so strong she would've gladly taken both of Stevens' large cocks inside her if it would only make the pain ease just a little. It felt like her soul had shattered, she was no longer a person, that was gone, she was nothing. A tiny thought, she must've been dying. Her last thought was of Amanda, who wasn't even here to say goodbye.

And then the pain was gone, like it had never happened. Actually, she felt really good, she had the feeling like after she had several orgasms sequentially. She realized she was on the ground, her jumpsuit was gone and she had plunged two fingers deep inside of herself. She pulled them out quickly and wiped them on her thigh, ashamed. She sniffed and stood shakily up, wiping at her eyes. She had been crying.

"Interesting..." The warden's eye stared at her, like she could read everything in her mind like it was a book.

"Akana." She said past Emily. "I'm done with these two, escort them out."

"Yes warden. Get up, Stevens." Akana said harshly to Stevens, who was still lying on the ground. Stevens stumbled to her feet, and it was obvious that she was having trouble. They walked to the door Akana opened the door. "Get her to her room, inmate." She said before shoving Emily out the door, shutting it.

"But-"

Stevens leaned heavily against the wall, barely able to keep her eyes open. Shit. Emily was starting to feel the effects too; it felt like she had just run a marathon after staying awake for an entire week, her legs felt like lead. "Come on Stevens." She said, tugging on the woman's arm. Steven took a step and stumbled. "Come on, we can do this." Emily said with false confidence as she slung Steven's arm over her shoulders, and she almost sank to the floor with Stevens' added weight, and she was sure she would've if the lieutenant hadn't already been leaning on the wall for support.

"Where's your room?" Emily grunted. They were both naked and she wanted to get this over with before Stevens passed out, probably on top of her. 

"Second floor." Came the mumbled reply. 

"Great." 

What seemed like an hour later they reached the elevator and got in, Emily pressed the button for the second floor, then after a while the door opened again and they made their way down a hall of doors. "This one." Stevens said, and Emily saw in relief that the door only required a keycode, she wasn't sure where their clothes went but she sure didn't want to go looking for them right now.

Emily practically dragged Stevens into the room, her eyes on the bed. She heard the door automatically shut behind them but she didn't care.

"There, get in there." She said, summoning her remaining strength and pushing the tall brunette into the bed, falling on top of her in the process. Fuck, now it was just down the elevator, down the hallway and then three more and then up some stairs and she would be in her own bed. It was as simple as walking across the country right now in the state Emily was in.

"Stay." Stevens mumbled, pulling the covers over them. Stevens' body was so comfortably warm next to her and the blankets were so impossibly soft. Emily opened her mouth to refuse but she had already fallen asleep.