 Wednesday finally came, and Emily couldn't be more excited. Yesterday had dragged on forever, she had to do an endless amount of chores that made her exhausted. But Amanda didn't come to see her, it was twenty past seven when Emily started to get worried. That's when she noticed the tiny note on her cell door.

Meet you at the big tree in the courtyard.

XOXO, A.

She touched the purple handwritten text fondly, she definitely wanted more kisses. She considered the note a promise for more.

She was there, underneath that large oak tree, looking as stunning as ever. The morning sun was strong, casting the leaves of the trees and the grass around Amanda in a golden glow. Amanda was looking away from her, and mischievously she thought about sneaking on her. She started to creep up slowly from behind her, ready to surprise her.

"Hello Emily." Amanda said without turning around. Oh damn.

"Hey." Emily said, flopping down on the grass beside her. "How'd you know I was there?" "I heard you coming." Amanda said simply.

"Oh." Emily said with a laugh, wrapping her arms around Amanda's waist and giving her a kiss.

"Mm...I missed you." From the eager and long kiss that was returned in response, she knew Amanda had missed her too. "Whew! That is quite the greeting." She said breathlessly. Amanda had brought something with her, a wooden box with a very familiar pattern. 

"You want to play checkers?" She said with a raised eyebrow. Amanda was full of surprises.

"Thought it would be fun."

"I do enjoy a good game of checkers." Emily said, rubbing her hands together.

"That's not all." Amanda said with a sneaky grin, putting her hand on the side of the box she pulled the side out of the box, revealing several compartments filled with various cheeses, fruits and crackers.

" Oh shit, I didn't know I was dating the female version James Bond."

"Yeah, that's me, sex for dinner, death for breakfast." Amanda joked.

"Oh I forgot to tell you the rules, you're not allowed to cheat." Amanda complained as Emily captured her last piece, ending the third game a row that she had won.

"Haha." Emily stuck out her tongue at the other woman. "What's the score again?"

"Ugh, 6 to 2 in your favour, don't remind me." Amanda said, tossing the pieces back into their box.

"Hey, I can't help it if I'm amazing." Emily said playfully.

"Yes, you are." Amanda said in all seriousness, and Emily felt a slight flutter in her stomach.

They had been chatting as they played, and Amanda had asked a lot of questions about her personal life, seeming very interested. Emily had tried her best to entertain the other woman with stories about living in a small town and being a waitress at a greasy diner, and she had just finished telling Amanda about the one time she had told off a lecherous customer before splashing a cup of coffee in his face, which thankfully, had been cold.

She realized that she had been talking most of the time, and intentionally or not, the conversation had been continually directed towards her life and not Amanda's.

"So." She said, clearing her throat. "What made you decide to be a correctional officer?" She said, cutting up a price of brie and putting it on a cracker.

"Well, protecting people is what comes naturally to me, even if it's to keep certain people away from others. That, or it's the snazzy uniform I get to wear. "

Emily punched her lightly on the shoulder. There seemed to be more to Amanda's answer, but she didn't want to push it.

"Your turn. Where is home, your family? I want to get to know you a little bit more." She didn't like talking about the earlier years, but being with Amanda had a kind of calming effect on her.

The gaze Amanda was giving her now as she stroked Emily's bare arm made her feel like the most important person in the world. She curled up to the other woman, breathing in her musk, as sweet as honeysuckle

"Depends on what you mean by home, my parents died a long time ago in a car accident when I was nine, my friend, Sam was the only family I had."

"No relatives?" Amanda asked curiously.

"Nope."

Amanda was silent, no doubt shocked that the state had just decided to let a young girl go off on her own. Emily shook her head. They hadn't, but Emily had no desire to be a child in the system. The first chance she got, she escaped with Sam.

She paused, now deep in thought. After she and Sam had been split up by the judge after they were caught she hadn't been able to contact her, and after everything that happened she had been a little distracted to say the least. She didn't even know which prison Sam was at.

"You know about her." Emily said, seeing the unsurprised look on Amanda's face.

"I read your file." Amanda said. When Emily looked away she felt Amanda's warm hand ontop of hers. "If you wanted to contact her, I could help you."

"Thank you, I'd really appreciate it." Emily said, squeezing Amanda's hand. They kissed, and pretty soon Emily forgot about everything else but the feel of Amanda's lips on hers, the feeling of Amanda's hands on her waist and her lower back.

Kissing Amanda was like nothing else, she felt drunk with lust, always wanting more. Pretty soon she was on her back and Amanda was on top of her. She reached up to squeeze Amanda's breasts, for the first time enjoying the softness of them through the jumpsuit fabric, and the happy sigh that came from the other woman.

Things were getting very hot and heavy with Emily, Amanda was getting very aroused from the touches, her mind was filled with nothing but thoughts of the other woman.

She kissed Emily back passionately, she could feel Emily's need by the way she kissed her back, their touches getting more frantic as they continued. She wanted nothing more than to be with Emily, and when she felt Emily's hand between her legs she groaned, pressing herself into her hand. At Emily's shocked gasp she froze.

Amanda jerked away from Emily as if she had been electrocuted, when Emily looked up Amanda was already standing a few feet away. Emily hadn't been sure of what she had touched, but Amanda's reaction told her she had been right in what she had been thinking.

Amanda's face was stone, her gaze directed to Emily looked like she didn't even recognize her. The tension between them was unbearable.

Why doesn't she say something? She wondered to herself before realizing that Amanda was trying to figure out her reaction to her discovery, trying to gauge the situation.

" Hey, " She said in the gentlest tone she could manage without her voice trembling. The shock after she had discovered Stevens' secret had desensitized her somewhat, but it was still hard to take in.

"Come here Mandy." She said, getting up slowly. Her body yearned for Amanda's touch, and she reached out for the statue that was her lover. For a while Amanda didn't respond at all, then life flickered back into her eyes.

She walked hesitantly towards Emily's outstretched hand. Emily let her do that for a few steps before she quickly broke the distance between them, pressing her lips against Amanda's. Amanda's lips were firm against hers, and her muscles were tense as Emily held her.

Soon though, she relaxed and they were kissing passionately again, though now Emily's mind occasionally darted to the object that pressed against her navel every so often as their tongues danced.

They broke away for a moment for some air, they had made it back to the large oak tree and now Emily had her back against the solid trunk while Amanda kneeled in front of her. "So, you're ok with me, being like this?" Amanda said. That reaction when Emily had touched her had illicted all the wrong actions, she had leaned into the touch instead of pulling away, and she had almost had a heart attack when Emily realized what she had touched. There had been so many careful lies that she had prepared in advance to hide the fact that she wasn't a normal female, but one look at Emily's face had erased them all from her mind. So she had remained expressionless, not knowing what to do, until Emily reached out for her, had kissed her with the same longing as before. But she needed to hear it from Emily herself, to know that the other woman didn't simply ignore it and pretend it never happened.

" Amanda, I care so much about you." Emily said, leaning in for a quick kiss. "Of course I'm ok with it, it was just a little surprising, that's all."

"When you told me about Stevens, you seemed more than surprised." Amanda confessed, sitting back and making herself comfortable. "I was afraid that you wouldn't like me if you knew." She raised her eyebrows when Emily let out a lighthearted chuckle, moving towards her so that she could take both of Amanda's hands in hers.

"That was different! I never liked Stevens, she's horrible and well...I didn't even know that people could even have two dicks." Of course, humans did not, not unless they had a genetic defect, but Emily didn't know that the all the females of species that Stevens was from, the Teranuk, developed two phalluses when they came of age.

Emily had been stroking the inside of Amanda's palm when she paused. "Uh. Do you have...uh...two?" She said awkwardly.

"No." Amanda said simply. "Only Stevens is gifted with that."

"Oh, that's good." Emily said. The slight purse of her cute little lips let Amanda know that she was dissecting her words very carefully.

"What's on your mind?" She asked.

Gifted. That was an interesting way to put it. Her head felt a little groggy, like it always did when she was thinking hard about something, trying to put the pieces together. It was a lot to take in, realizing that Amanda had a little extra than what a regular woman had.

She had seen transgendered people before back in her hometown, some had even come to the gay club that she had been a part of, she had even been casual friends with some of them. But most of them had been in transition and were pretty obviously still the sex they were born into.

But Amanda was so obviously a woman she hadn't even suspected it. At least Stevens was tall and muscular and even acted a little masculine, but Amanda...wow.

The phrasing she used too, the way she acted, it was very different from the way any of the transgendered women had acted. She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but there was something very different about Amanda.

Hell, there was something different about all the guards when Emily really thought about it. There's something she isn't telling me, Emily decided.

Hopefully Amanda would tell her about it sometime. But for now, she would be content with just being with her, enjoying their conversation and oh those titillating kisses.

"Oh just you know, about you and Stevens and what a coincidence that you both have that special trait." She said casually.

"Why? Should we keep a distance from each other? Spread ourselves out?" Amanda teased, pulling Emily to her so she could nibble on her earlobe. Oh wow that was distracting, Emily felt the muscles beneath her stomach clench at the intense sensations.

"Yeah, you could be here and Stevens could be a thousand miles away." She said huskily, receive a chuckle from the other woman.