 Emily waited for her eyes to adjust to the darkness, but there was absolutely no light in the locker room for her eyes to adjust to. Fear started to creep at the edges of her mind as she groped blindly for the shower knob, turning off the water. She couldn't see, and she was naked. "Hello?" She called out, ashamed of the squeak in her voice. Her hands touched the walls of the showers, trying to find her towel. Pain shot up her leg as her shin collide with a bench and she couldn't help but let out a cry of pain. 

"Emily?" Amanda rushed into the locker room and had to quickly avert her gaze when she realized Emily was naked.

"I'm in here!" 

She peeked up at Emily's figure, purposely looking at Emily's face, which were wide eyed in fear. Amanda's predatory instincts immediately picked up her fear...but more than that, Emily had been busy in the shower again, Amanda could smell Emily's arousal, even now. Sensing the restless sexual energy remaining in her friend, she knew Emily had been interrupted. 

The combination of arousal and fear was like the ultimate aphrodisiac for Amanda, she could feel her member immediately rising to stand at full attention. 

"Amanda?" Emily groped blindly in front of her, trying to find the location of Amanda's voice. "I'm here." Amanda's voice sounded oddly husky, Emily wondered if she was afraid of the dark too. She felt the taller brunette's hands on her and she hugged Amanda harder than she normally would have. 

Amanda let out a surprised grunt as Emily pressed her naked body against hers. "I'll get you a towel." She said, moving away quickly. "Oh! I'm so sorry, I forgot..." said a mortified Emily. "Don't worry about it." Amanda said through gritted teeth as her cock strained against her pants. She wanted Emily so badly right now, it was getting difficult to keep her voice steady. "Where's your towel? I'll get it for you." Amanda said, willing to do anything that would distract her from the mesmerizing sight. "It's by the showers, but -- hey! Be careful." Emily called out as Amanda walked over to the showers easily, trailing her hand on the lockers to pretend she was using them to guide her. "Found it." 

"Wow, you know your way around." Emily muttered as Amanda walked back over to her. 

"Trust me, use this gym as often as I do and you will too." Amanda said as she handed her the towel. Her eyes scanned greedily over Emily's body, admiring the small perky breasts with their soft pink tips, the small patch of hair between Emily's legs...she swallowed, forcing herself to look away. 

"I don't like the dark." She heard Emily say softly as Amanda handed Emily her clothes that had been lying on the bench. Crack! There was the sound of something falling outside the locker room in the gym, probably a weight that wasn't properly put back on the rack. Emily let out a scream and grabbed onto Amanda, her fingers grabbing onto Amanda's arm tightly. "What was that?!" 

"Probably just a weight that fell." Amanda said, amused as she watched Emily stare with unseeing eyes at where the noise came from. "If it makes you feel better, we're locked in here until the power comes back on, no one can come in here. We're alone." She spoke the words before she realized the implication of them, Emily looked up at her with those adorable blue eyes and Amanda mumbled, "God, you're so beautiful." She didn't know who leaned in first but soon they were kissing, their lips locked and their arms wrapped around each other, kissing like they were long time lovers. 

Amanda couldn't recall ever having a more heated kiss, though with all the blood rushing from her head to her nether regions she wasn't really going to bother trying to recall a memory. She leaned forward boldly to lick Emily's earlobe and was rewarded with a moan from the other woman, who arched into her. It surprised her when Emily was the one pushing her away. 

"Wha?' Amanda mumbled, not wanting the kiss to end. "Amanda, you can't keep doing this and then pushing me away, it's cruel." With the lights off, Amanda could watch Emily's face unwaveringly without fearing that Emily would be put off by her intensity. How could she explain how much she wanted her? They were like two streams downhill, no matter how hard she tried she just couldn't stay away from the other woman. Emily brushed a strand of hair away from her face silently, looking flustered. Almost immediately Amanda caught a whiff of her scent, like a delicate perfume, tantalizing in its aroma. And then she made a decision. "We could keep it a secret." She heard herself saying. Emily didn't say anything and she immediately felt foolish for suggesting it before she noticed that Emily had a small smile on her face. "Okay." 

CH.19

Emboldened by Emily's response, Amanda strode forward, breaking the distance between them to capture her lips with hers. The soft sigh that came as a response almost melted her, it was so tender, so gentle, so sweet. For what seemed like a short time she thought of nothing else but the feel of her lips against Emily's, their arms wrapped around each other. She paused when she heard the sound of the fans turning back on. "What is it?" Emily mumbled before they were temporarily blinded by the lights coming on suddenly. 

"Ok, ow." She heard Emily complain, and when she looked over Emily was rubbing her eyes. 

"Guess the power's back." She said, trying to hide her disappointment. She wanted nothing more than to continue making out with Emily. When she had been with some of the other guards, it had always been heated and quick, but with Emily she wanted to savour every kiss, every touch. It was like nothing she had ever experienced.

"I'll take you back to your cell now." Amanda said, checking the clock. Wow, it had been forty five minutes since the power went out. She looked over at Emily and quickly recognized the look of determination on her friend and well, now lover, she thought fondly to herself. 

"If we're going to be sneaking around, I have one request." 

"Oh?" Amanda arched an eyebrow, feigning amusement but inside she worried. What if Emily asked for answers that she couldn't give? "And what would that be?" 

"That we go on a date." Oh. That would be a difficult task, but not impossible. And Emily definitely deserved a proper date after all Amanda had put her through, being all hot and cold with the other woman. Amanda nodded slowly, already trying to think up some possibilities. "You got a deal." 

There was no point in prolonging the trip to Emily's cell, she would see her again tomorrow, perhaps they could have their date tomorrow. "I'll see you tomorrow." She said to Emily once they had reached the cell. "I'm looking forward to it. Good night." Emily said softly, her hand lightly brushing Amanda's arm before she went inside. "Night." Amanda locked the cell and started to head downstairs. The prison never looked so beautiful. 

Emily awoke to a perfect sunny day, which she thought reflected her mood perfectly. So, Amanda liked her, a lot from the looks of it. She didn't much like the fact that they had to be secretive about it but hey, she would take what she could get. She closed her eyes, remember their steamy make out session in the locker room last night. Even that sounded pretty scandalous when she thought about it that way. Mmm Amanda was such an excellent kisser. She went downstairs, starving and ready for breakfast. On her way to the cafeteria she paused by the door that she knew led to the guard's area. The door light on the door flashed red, indicating it was locked. She peeked through the little window but she couldn't see anything else other than the hallway and the door at the end. 

"Looking for something?" She turned around upon hearing Amanda's voice, startled. Then she was confused, Amanda was standing in front of her, but she was wearing the orange jumpsuits that the prisoners wore. Oh. "You-" 

Amanda put a finger to her lips, indicating that she should be quiet about it. "Oh wow." Emily laughed. That was clever, dress up like a prisoner and no one would think it strange that they were spending time together. 

"That was smart, I gotta give you props for that." Emily said as they headed for the cafeteria. 

"Haha, thanks." 

Emily paused when she noticed that Amanda wasn't following. "Not coming?" She watched the other woman shake her head. "Can't risk it, one of the guards will probably spot me. I'll wait for you in the courtyard, ok?" 

"Okay." Emily said with a grin. She had to force herself from skipping to the cafeteria, her heart giddy with excitement. 

Emily felt a little nervous going to the courtyard, it was great that she knew that Amanda liked her, but still she wondered if maybe in the light of day, Amanda would realize that they didn't have that much in common, maybe they wouldn't get along, maybe-

"Hey." Amanda had been sitting on one of the benches in the courtyard and had stood up when she saw Emily, walking over to her. "How was breakfast?" 

"Good, it's usually pretty good actually." Emily said, admiring how the sun caught Amanda's hazel locks, turning them golden brown. "Yeah, Angel's pretty good at supervising the cooking crew, she can make some pretty good food too usually." 

"I thought you might be hungry, I brought you this." Emily said, putting the carton of orange juice and apple quickly into Amanda's hands. 

"Oh, that's really nice of you." Amanda said, gripping the apple between her hands and breaking it into two. "Let's share this." 

It turned out that Emily had nothing to worry about, in fact in Amanda's disguise they both felt more at ease and chatted openly about a whole number of topics. They chatted all through morning and into the late afternoon about a whole number of topics like movies, video games and even politics. After a few hours the two women drifted towards the large tree that they had once chatted at, and they sat underneath its massive shade, watching some women play a basketball game in the distance. 

"You know, this is probably the best first date I've ever had." Amanda commented casually. "Me too." Emily said shyly. She looked down, seeing Amanda's hands resting on the grass. She put her own hand on it, feeling a brief moment glee when Amanda interlaced their fingers, and that glee turned into joy when Amanda placed a kiss on her lips. She lost herself in the kiss, tasting Amanda, breathing in her scent, enjoying the feel of her body against the guard's. She heard a soft beeping noise and tried to ignore it, but pretty soon it was hard for both of them to ignore the noise. Amanda let out a soft groan and it wasn't the kind that Emily liked. "I gotta get back to work, sorry." 

"Don't be sorry." Emily said, trying to tame her tousled locks as Amanda straightened up. "How long have we been here anyways?" 

"Uh well it's 4 pm already." 

"Oh shit, no kidding?" It certainly hadn't felt like they had been making out for three hours, though time seemed to do strange things when she was with Amanda, it slowed down and sped up and sometimes even stopped when they were together. 

As ugly as the jumpsuit was, Amanda was grateful for the bagginess of the outfit, it did a lot to help her hide just how much her body had enjoyed the taste of Emily's lips against hers.

"When do I get to see you again?" Emily asked. 

"Hmm it won't be until the day after tomorrow, so Wednesday." Amanda said with a frown, her own disappointment echoed on Emily's features. "I can't wait." She said to Emily softly, pulling the shorter brunette towards her, giving her a long kiss. 

"You better be at my cell bright and early on Wednesday." Emily said sulkily. 

"Yes, 7am sharp if that's what you want." Amanda said with a grin, resisting the urge to tell Emily that she looked so cute when she was pouting. She gave Emily one last kiss before finally telling herself that she really had to go now.

"Gotta run, bye!" She said before jogging back towards the prison. 

Amanda was in high spirits that night when the crew of guards set out for the next expedition, she bounding from tree to tree and laughed jovially at the jokes others made. "You're in good spirits today, Mandy, what's the occasion?" Stevens said with a smile, apparently Amanda's happiness was infectious. 

"Oh you know, I'm just glad to be outside, we've been cooped up in that prison for way too long." Amanda said, leaning against a boulder as the rest caught up to them. She heard a few murmurs of agreement. 

"I just don't understand how the Oosith could've traveled so far from the crashsite." Aella complained. 

"Well, when we crashed, the ship was severely damaged, it couldn't contain the Oosith any longer, so it escaped. Once we find the Oosith we can capture it again and use its energy to power our ship." Stevens said and paused. "Then we can finally go home." 

"Well, it would help if we actually know what it looks like." Aella sighed. Amanda was shocked when Stevens replied with an air of patience she wasn't know for. "The Oosith can take various forms, we have to rely on our scanners to find it." At this she glanced at the scanner, which was showing no trail. Amanda didn't mind, she wanted more time with Emily to progress their relationship. 

As they walked through the forest, Amanda studied Aella. Something was different about her...Ah. She noted the doting way Aella was giving Stevens and the way that Stevens had responded so kindly, well kindly by Stevens' standards, meant only one thing. Aella was giving it to Stevens on a daily basis. Well, her second lieutenant did get around a lot. Amanda recalled her most recent tangle with another person was with Angel the night they went hunting. Ah, how long ago was that? It seemed like such a long time. The warden would not be pleased. Although Amanda still felt the impact of the Warden's presence and craved sexual satisfaction, she didn't want it from just anyone, so she had been taking care of it herself. Well, she would be seeing the warden tomorrow, they would discuss it during their time together. 

Early the next morning, Amanda got dressed, scarfed down a quick breakfast and headed for the warden's lair. This morning was more difficult than the others, she longed to see Emily again, to hear her sweet voice, to taste her kisses. It was getting difficult to think about anything else other than spending time with Emily, she was like a drug to Amanda, during their time together she was filled with such happiness all her worries were forgotten. 

She entered the warden's quarters and was greeted by another guard, nude and solemn. Amanda untied her black silk robe and took it off, handing it to the other guard. It was about ten degrees warmer in the Warden's den, and the sexual energy emanating from the Warden made her immediately hard. The Warden lay in on the bed in the center of the room, completely nude. She had her human disguise on, to everyone she now appeared as a woman in her early thirties, calm and confident. She did not wear her eye patch when she wasn't in public, her left eye was a bright blue and her normally covered eye gleamed a bright red. 

"Amanda." Somehow even the purr of her name caused Amanda to become aroused. She immediately wanted the connection between her and the Warden, and she walked over and kneeled at the foot of the bed, head bowed. "My queen." She said, her voice low and husky with lust. "Come to me, Amanda." Amanda crawled onto the bed, shivering with need. "I have a problem, Amanda." The warden said, stroking Amanda's hair with one hand. 

"What is it?" Amanda croaked, leaning into the warden's touch, certain she already knew the answer. 

"It seems that my lieutenant has not been active lately." 

Amanda closed her eyes, nodding shamefully. 

"Now, Amanda, you know you are my favourite, and you've proven yourself time and time again....but I cannot have a lieutenant that doesn't fufill her duties." 

Amanda felt the warden's hand travel down her front, between her breasts and down her stomach. She let out a soft whimper, barely able to contain herself. 

"I am sorry, my queen." She muttered, her mind struggling to form words as the warden touched her intimately. 

"I've met someone." She blurted out. "I think she might be...the one." She had said it, the thing she had wanted so desperately but had not even wanted to think about because of the possibility that it might not be true. 

"The one?" The warden stopped so abruptly Amanda felt she might explode with need. 

"Your soulmate." The warden's eyes gleamed so brightly, Amanda could taste the warden's anticipation on her tongue, her need was Amanda's, the pleasure of Amanda finally being with her long anticipated soul mate would be like nothing the warden had ever felt. "My my, and here I thought you were slipping." The warden purred, stroking Amanda's hair slowly, tantalizingly. "But what news you have brought me..."

Amanda nodded weakly, aroused to the point that it was becoming painful. "Fuck me warden, please!" She begged. The relief that came when the warden took her was very welcomed.