 Chapter 03 -- Red Packs to Leave

Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental. 

*

The two elegantly dressed young women ducked into the tiny lobby, escaping from the London spring drizzle. The smaller dark haired girl glanced toward the rotund uniformed security officer wedged behind the narrow desk and was greeted with a cheerful, "Good afternoon, Miss Munro."

"My goodness, is it afternoon already?" she replied. "Oh, I guess it is. Good afternoon, Patty. We'll take the stairs."

"As you wish," was the officer's reply as she reached to her system console and unlocked the only other door from the lobby with an audible snap.

Bypassing the lift, Bea pushed through the door and hurried up the stairs, taking two at a time. Her shopping bags swung behind her as her long legs effortlessly carried her upward, her dove gray Anne Land skirt flying. Her larger companion struggled to keep up for the first two flights and then gave up, resigning herself to a more leisurely pace and falling further behind. Bea held the door to the top storey hallway open as Red reached the last step and paused to catch her breath. Her friend stood calmly, as if the exertion of running up six flights of stairs was nothing. 

"You really should get yourself in better shape, dear," she chided Red, "your sex life would be much more satisfying if your body was fit."

They eased through the doors into the hallway.

"My sex life is quite satisfying as is, thank you, Miss Busybody."

There were four flats on the top floor, two on either side of the hall, and the two friends walked to the front of the building. Bea stood before the door to the left.

"Oh, is it?" she shot back, "When was the last time one of the university boys really rocked your socks?"

The security system identified her and a small green light winked on just above the doorknob.

"Well," the blonde girl protested, "it has been a few weeks, but I'm not going to university just to get shagged. I have my studies, you know!"

Bea twisted the ornate knob and pushed. The door swung open easily, belying the fact that it was a bomb-proof steel door that weighed over 200 kilos. A single chime rang through the flat, announcing their arrival.

"Right," sneered Bea, "I'll bet you haven't had a mind shattering orgasm in months." Then she called out, "We're home, Henrietta!" as she dropped her handbag on the hall table and swept into the well fitted sitting room. Red followed her into the flat, desperately trying to think of a witty retort to the last jibe. Unfortunately, Bea was right; it had been some time since Mildred had really enjoyed an orgasmic tryst.

The substantial black woman that cooked and cleaned for Bea popped her head around the corner of the kitchen door and warmly welcomed the girls. "I've made salads for both of you for lunch, so sit yourselves down at the table and I'll serve you," she purred in a heavy Caribbean accent. Soon Bea and Mildred were enjoying huge plates of tuna and capers atop fresh greens. A delicate vinaigrette dressing, goblets of white wine and a loaf of fresh baked bread completed a delightful meal. 

In between bites, Bea confided to her chum in hushed whispers, "What I didn't want Ivan to overhear in the limo was that Irina has booked me for a threesome on their anniversary. I'm to be the meat in their sandwich."

"No!" exclaimed Red.

"Yes!" replied Bea, "and I'm hoping to wind up with Ivan's cock up my arse and Irina's tongue up my pussy." She said this matter-of-factly, but the look on her face was one of blissful anticipation. Mildred noticed that the rich green hue of Bea's new blouse was fading.

"Damn, girl! You sound like a cheap whore!"

"On the contrary," Bea replied casually, "I'm a very expensive whore."

They ate in silence for a few moments while Bea's stunned companion considered her options. Finally, she protested, "But, your business card says that you do Interpersonal Relationship Thera..."

Bea cut her off in mid sentence, "Mildred Barnes! How long have we been best friends?"

Her companion didn't have to think but an instant, "Ever since we first met at Coll back in '24. You had just arrived from down under and we hit it off immediately."

"Six good years. And we've shared everything, haven't we?" Bea asked gently.

"How true," Red giggled.

"Well, then, you should know that the business is just a cover for what I'm really doing. The tax man thinks that I entertain clients, but my close friends know that they are really customers."

"Following in your Mum's footsteps, eh? But, prostitution is illegal here. Aren't you afraid of being found out?"

Bea laughed, "By the authorities? No. The charge that is most often brought is soliciting prostitution, which is easy to identify and prosecute. I don't solicit. All my customers are referred to me and they must be properly vetted before they even get to see the merchandise. What I do worry about is Father finding out. He's rather old fashioned." Looking at the clock on the wall, she continued, "It's getting late. Let's get you packed."

Heading toward the guest bedroom, Bea stopped in the doorway of the kitchen and asked Henrietta, "Is there any more of this delicious salad?" When the housekeeper nodded, she continued, "Would you please take a plate of it and a cup of coffee down to Ivan? He's waiting in the limo at the curb. And tell him that Mildred will be down shortly."

"I'd be delighted." was the reply.

"Thanks a bunch, Henrietta. You're a sweetheart. Come on Red, we need to hurry." 

The girls dashed into the guest room, threw the overlarge suitcase onto the bed and flung it open. As they began tucking Mildred's purchases amongst the rest of her things, she asked Bea, "If all your clients are referred, how did you ever get started?"

The smaller girl's crystalline laughter filled the room, "That's a whole story in itself. I may have to ride to the station with you to tell all of it." But she persevered, "It all goes back to Daddy and Mum's wedding. The reception was held on the grounds of the family manse and one of the guests was Daddy's old MI-5 mate, Clive. I can't reveal his last name; I hope you understand. Anyway, I met him there and felt that he might have a weakness for young girls. So, I seduced him. He'd had a few drinks and it didn't take much."

Red gasped, "You were having sex at thirteen?"

"I was trying to have sex at thirteen, but somebody ratted us out. I still don't know who it was. I had Clive upstairs in one of the unused servant's rooms under the garret with his trousers down and we were going at it hot and heavy when Daddy stormed into the room and caught us. I hadn't even gotten my knickers off. Daddy made a big scene and threw Clive out of the house. I tried to confess that it was all my doing, but Father wouldn't have any of it."

"I'll bet you got your fanny smoked for that stunt."

"Actually, I didn't," Bea responded, looking wistfully off into the unseen distance. "Mum and Marta dragged Daddy off on a ten day European honeymoon tour before he could get around to punishing me and, when he returned, he wasn't in any shape to do anything for another fortnight. Marta is one of Mum's assistant managers as well as her life partner. She is an aryan amazon and the two of them took turns with Father. 

They smuggled a seemingly endless supply of valium and counterfeit Chinese Viagra along with them and, when they got back, poor Daddy was a physical wreck. He claimed he couldn't remember much, but, he did sport a silly grin for months afterward. I got off easy, unless being exiled to an all girl boarding school can be considered punishment, but poor Clive wasn't so lucky. Supposedly, they never spoke to one another again. I was crushed

After we passed out of Coll, I sweet talked Daddy into letting me spend some time here in the London flat so I could explore the city and try to figure out where I wanted to go with my life. The first thing that I did when I got settled in was to ring up Clive and ask him if I could come around and apologize for the grief that I caused. He gave me a time and an address, so I dressed up in my schoolgirl uniform and knocked him up. 

When he opened the front door, his jaw dropped. I walked in, wrapped my arms around his neck and gave him a buss that knocked his socks off. His cock jumped to attention instantly and, when I suggested we take up where we last left off, the poor man was helpless. I fucked him silly all afternoon. When he rang me up later and begged for a repeat performance, I told him that I would have to charge him for anything more. 

I meant it as a joke, but he agreed so quickly that I didn't have the heart to tell him that I meant it in jest. Then he suggested a fee of a thousand pounds for an all-nighter and I found it impossible to turn down. He became my first customer and still books me occasionally; I dress up in the same uniform for him. He provided my first two or three referrals and business just gradually increased from there to where I have a fairly full schedule these days."

They had continued their conversation in the en suite and Red paused in packing her makeup kit to ask, "But, why do you work at all? You're not hard up for money, are you?"

A smile lit up Bea's oval face. "Simple," she answered, "I enjoy men...and I enjoy money...and I really enjoy sex."

Red gaped at her, struggling for a response, "But, they're all OLD men. What do you find so appealing about OLD men?"

"Well, older men have the patience and experience to make it last long enough to be enjoyable. They're beyond the "I just need to get my own jollies so I can move on to something else" stage. Your university blokes know that there is another hot pussy just down the hall so they'll knock you off and immediately move on to their next conquest whether you're satisfied or not. 

The older man knows he can't attract girls younger than his daughters, so he really appreciates what I am willing to offer. They also are aware that they don't have the energy or stamina that they once had, so when I get them hard again soon after we've ripped off a good one, they have an extra incentive to make it last. It's like a bonus for them. And me. 

Some of my regulars that need a dose of something to get it up for the Missus find that they can leave the drugs at home when they visit here and they really appreciate that too. Besides, older men have money. Enough to lavish on me and, by the time I've bedded them a few times, they don't even hesitate. When I act out some of their most secret fantasies without them even asking, I have them eating out of my hand."

Bea's friend glanced at her and queried, "Just how do you act out their fantasies if they're secret?"

Quickly deciding that she didn't have time to explain her inherited gift, the smaller girl instead brushed off the question with, "Oh, men are so easy to figure out when their dicks are stiff. There are only so many sex fantasies and most of the time I can read a horny man like a book." 

As Red was closing her case, Bea reached into the vanity drawer and palmed a small package. "Here, old friend, I purchased this for you."

"Red Jasmine! Oh, Bea, it's my absolute favorite fragrance! Thank you so much." The larger woman enveloped Bea in a hug that lasted for minutes. "You're a special friend," she concluded as they parted. Both had tears in their eyes.

To be continued...