 Chapter 08 – The Morning After

Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental. 

Consciousness arrived slowly, but gently. The young woman didn't move as she awakened, giving her mind the time to distinguish between dream and reality. It was a trick that her Granny had explained to her. "Know where you are and what is around you before you make your first move," she had said, time and time again. Her first conscious realization was that she was in her own bed and that she wasn't alone. 

The soft breathing next to her and the man's arm around her slender waist helped refresh her memory. A satisfied smile spread across her lips as she opened her eyes to the darkness. The clock on the bedside table displayed 4:45. A quick calculation led her to the realization that she had slept for over five hours. "Unusual," she thought. Normally, she only needed four to four and a half hours sleep, another useful trait that she had inherited from the maternal side of her family.

The young woman slowly disentangled herself from the arm around her, careful to not disturb her previous evening's lover. She slid quietly out of her bed and found her slippers. Silently, she strode across the bedroom toward the en suite. Glancing out the bedroom window, she noticed that the lights of the city were little more than feebly glowing auras in the dense London fog. 

She closed the door of the en suite behind her just to muffle any noise that she might make; she didn't turn on any lights. Her night vision was excellent and, besides, she had the complete layout of the flat carefully memorized. She could move about in pitch darkness almost as well as she could in daylight.

Relieving herself into the bidet, she didn't flush, not wanting to disturb her customer. She felt for the exercise sweats that hung on the back of the door and slipped them on. Then she moved, catlike, out of the bedroom and down the hallway to the sitting room. 

Kneeling at the sofa, she thumbed the large gold reader ring on the middle finger of her left hand to life. A faint display appeared before her and she chose the Book of Common Prayer from the menu. From years of practice, her thumb knew exactly how to get to the selection for Morning Prayer and she started another day as she always did, thanking God for her many blessings. 

Completing her prayers and morning meditation, she began her daily stretching routine. She realized that she would have to curtail her morning yoga session, since there was less than an hour before sunrise, and she would also have to postpone her text messaging until after breakfast. Fifty minutes later, she found her way to the kitchen and flipped on the overhead light. 

The brightness momentarily blinded her, but her eyes adjusted quickly. She filled the tea kettle and put it on the stove to heat. As quietly as possible, she cleaned up the desert dishes and utensils from the previous evening. As she finished, she noticed the dense mist outside was beginning to lighten. Another day was dawning.

Managing to catch the tea kettle just before it started to whistle, she used a little of the water to hot the pot. Then she filled her tea ball with the Formosa Oolong that she knew Sir Geoffrey preferred. She emptied the pot and refilled it, adding the tea ball as the water level neared the top. Setting it aside to steep, she finished cleaning the kitchen and began to organize the items she would need to prepare breakfast. The delightful aroma of the Formosa Oolong filled her nose when she removed the tea ball and dropped it into the sink. 

Satisfied with her preparations, she glanced at the clock that read 6:12. "Perfect timing," she thought, "I've just enough time to awaken him properly." Slipping back into the gradually lightening bedroom, she returned her high heels that she had retrieved from the sitting room to the closet. Then she stripped off her sweats and hung them on the back of the door. Returning to her bed, she slipped her nude body carefully under the covers. He didn't awaken.

Gently pushing on his shoulder, she managed to roll him onto his back and ducked her head under the covers. She carefully eased herself down toward his center, letting her nose guide her to his manhood in the darkness. Finding him partially erect, she set her soft lips to nuzzling his shaft from just under the helmet down to the base and back. By the second circuit, her trip was getting steadily longer. 

For the next lap, she added just the tip of her tongue to the smoothness of her lips. She carefully listened to his breathing and peered into his mind to gauge his consciousness. Taking pains to avoid the sensitive helmet of his lovely cock, she continued her ministrations and added a hand to the task, gently stroking the sack that dangled between his thighs. By this time, he was fully erect and she sensed that it was time to increase her intensity.

The next time that her mouth slid up toward the crown of his manhood, she let the tip of her tongue flick over the sensitive triangle just under the rim of its head. That did the trick, as his breathing caught momentarily and she could sense the first indications of his awakening. Her head followed the tip of her tongue downward, wrapping her warm lips around his mushroom cap and licking a droplet of precum from his slit. 

His hand stirred and stroked the back of her neck, encouraging her onward. She needed no further incentive to suck his member into her warm mouth and begin to slide her lips up and down its soft skin in a steady rhythm. As her head reached the top of its travel, she ran her tongue around his sensitive crown before taking him deep into the back of her mouth again. As he began to moan, she increased both her speed and the suction she was applying on the upstroke. His hand roamed down her back and gripped the cheek of her bum. 

His balls had already pulled close to the base of his shaft and his hot cock had begun to swell even further, so she could tell that his release was near. As his mind became awash with delight, she raised her head to where just the swollen helmet was inside her mouth. Then she again increased her suction and let her tongue sweep back and forth over it until he erupted. 

His hips jerked upward and a stream of warm cum shot into her mouth, but she was prepared. She swallowed the first blast and then let the next few spurts collect on her tongue before it, too, slid down her throat. She loved the feeling of a man's cock cumming in her mouth. The taste didn't thrill her, but the rush of power that she felt, knowing that she had granted a man release, was exhilarating. 

His hand returned to the back of her neck and urged her up from under the covers. When her head emerged from the sheets, he pressed her lips to his and cradled her in his arms. Hugging her close to him, he greeted her, "Good morning, minx."

"Good morning, darling," she replied as she caught a glimpse of the clock on the bedside table. It showed the time to be 6:32. Almost spot on. "Would you like me to start the shower for you?"

Not waiting for his answer, she slid out of bed and made her way toward the en suite. Knowing that she was being admired, she didn't hurry, letting her hips sway lasciviously in the dim light. She flipped on the lights in the en suite, flushed the bidet and reached into the shower to turn on the water. Adjusting the temperature to his liking, she turned to find his naked body behind her. Before he could wrap his arms around her, she ducked under his elbow and slipped gracefully behind him, giving him a gentle push toward the now steaming water. 

"Not today, darling. I must get your clothes put out."

Clearly disappointed, Sir Geoffrey climbed into the shower alone. Bachi selected a razor and shaving cream from the vanity drawer and snapped a fresh blade head onto the handle. Arranging them on the side of the sink, she then reached into the linen closet, found his favorite after shave and deodorant in the plastic storage bin reserved for him and selected a fresh bath towel from the shelf. Adding these items to the sink top, she returned to the kitchen and fixed his first cup of tea. She managed to deliver the tea just as he was turning off the water.

Ducking out of the en suite, she quickly made the bed and then slipped into her closet. Inside the large walk-in, she selected clean pantyhose, boxers and socks from his part of the built-in drawer stack and laid them out on the bed. Then she went back for his dapper grey suit in its dry cleaner's bag and the new pale lavender shirt and matching silk tie that she had recently bought him. The shirt and tie were also laid out on the bed and the suit jacket was hung over the back of the corner valet. 

She slid his belt through the loops of the trousers and went to her dresser to fill the pockets. Among the items that came out of his trousers the previous evening was his silver pill case, so Bachi opened it, selected one of his blood pressure pills and a multi-vitamin tablet and laid them aside. His trouser pockets were carefully refilled in the same manner as they were emptied and the remaining items went into the correct jacket pockets. The trousers were draped over the seat of the valet and Bachi paused to survey her work. 

Satisfied with her efforts, she retrieved his pills from the dresser and was standing just outside the door of the en suite when he emerged, his cup of tea in his hands. Ducking her head under the cup and saucer he held before him, she slid her naked body up the front of his. Rising up on her tiptoes and putting her arms around his neck, she stroked her lips across his chin.

"Mmmmm. Very nice," she complimented. His smoothly shaven chin and the delightful aroma of after shave gave her pause to wonder if they might have time for a quickie, but she quickly discarded the idea as impractical. Instead, she settled for a lingering kiss.

"Open up," she instructed, when they came up for a breath, and then popped the pills into his mouth. When he raised his cup to his lips to wash down the pills, she took advantage of the opportunity to escape. 

"I'll get breakfast started," she said over her shoulder as she headed for the hall, leaving him to dress. When she reached the kitchen, she slipped her apron over her head, covering the front of her from the chest to the knees. Allowing herself the luxury of her own cup of tea, she stood at the sink savoring the taste of the Formosa Oolong. Earl Grey was her favorite, but this tea wasn't too far down the list. 

After the first few sips spread their warmth through her, she busied herself with the breakfast preparations. The bread went in the toaster, the marmalade and spreader went on a plate onto the table and the creamer was half filled with milk and it and the sugar bowl also found their way to the table. Bachi had just pierced the eggshells, placed the eggs in the saucepan of boiling water and inverted the egg timer when Sir Geoffrey came into the kitchen, buttoning the cuffs of his shirt.

"Is this a new shirt?" he asked. 

"Yes, darling. I hope you like it."

"I most certainly do. You know, of course, that Gwendolyn will notice when I arrive home this evening. She has remarked on your good taste in the past."

"Please thank your dear wife for me."

Bachi buttoned his collar and skillfully worked a neat Windsor knot into the new tie. Pulling it snug under his chin, she pulled his head down and gave him a quick kiss. 

"Don't get me too distracted, darling, or your eggs will be hard cooked," she said with a smile. Glancing at the egg timer, she watched the last of the sands empty into its base. She fished the soft cooked eggs out of the pan into the egg cups and turned off the range. The toaster popped up the first pieces of toast and she added them to the plates. 

"Sit down, darling," she instructed, placing the breakfasts on the table.

"But, I left my tea in the bedroom."

"I'll get you another," she said and turned to the task, providing him a delightful view of her bare bum before she disappeared around the corner into the kitchen. She took a fresh cup and saucer from the cabinet, filled it from the pot and took the opportunity to put down more bread to toast. Back at the table, she seated herself and cut off the top of her first egg. They ate in silence for a while, each lost in their own thoughts. Midway through their meal, the first strains of the 1812 Overture sounded from her bedroom. 

"Oh, I have a call," he said and started to rise.

"I'll get it." she volunteered and dashed for her room. She found his personal communicator in his jacket and brought him the jacket. He pulled the device from the pocket and held a brief conversation.

"My driver has been delayed in the fog. He'll be at least ten minutes late."

They leisurely finished breakfast, including their second slices of toast. Afterward, they lingered over fresh cups of tea and chatted until the 1812 Overture again disturbed their conversation. This time his driver was only two blocks away. He rose and slipped into his suit coat. Bachi hurried to get his overcoat from the foyer closet and held it for him to slip into. 

While he buttoned up, she fetched his hat and stick. He took his walking stick and, when he ducked his head for her to place his hat on his head, she wrapped her arms around his neck and locked her lips onto his. He stood up straight, lifting her off the floor and pulled her to him with his free hand cupping a bare cheek. His other arm wrapped around her back and crushed her to his chest. After a long parting kiss that left them both breathless, he gently put her back down on her bare feet and turned to go.

"Until next time..." he said, letting the sentence hang. Then he was gone. 

To be continued.