 Chimera. When mentioned in the tales told by the fireside on long winter nights, it put expressions of awe and fear on the faces of those who listened. The cautious and cowardly never dreamt of venturing into such a tenebrous world, but those who feared no death, and possessed both, the innocence and audacity of the youth, as well as insatiable thirst for adventure, desired to find it just to see if they could get a taste of its legendary delights. Despite the fact that only very few ever returned to tell the tale, some brave souls still set off to seek it.

Past the borders of the imaginary, Chimera was almost entirely covered by a dark misty forest where grave dangers and perils awaited those who were let through its green gates. The adventure seekers had to be constantly on the lookout for steep cliffs, precarious paths, treacherous marshes and wild rivers, not to mention the sudden and uncanny spells of harsh weather that could dissipate as quickly as they came. If their journey did not end there, they still had to brave the life-threatening encounters with all sorts of strange and frightening creatures. Only the most enduring and valiant proved themselves worthy of entering the heart of the forest, where the nymphs, the most alluring beings of bewitching beauty, lived.

Her meadow was so remote and well hidden that no human had ever set foot onto its soft grass. It was rumoured among the inhabitants of Chimera that the Forest Gods themselves favoured her because out of all the nymphs, she was the loveliest. Wanting to keep her untouched and pure, they asked both the moon and the sun, to protect her so that no human would ever come across her existence. Bathing in their glowing light, she danced with the gracefulness of a swan, her feet light as a doe barely touching the ground and everyone who ever set eyes on her was instantly captivated by her unparalleled beauty. Her voice was sweeter than honey and more melodious than the chant of a nightingale, and her songs had the other nymphs pause and listen with envy.

Becomingly adorned with wildflowers, her hair was black as night and its silky ripples cascaded down her back all the way to the her smooth thighs. Her statuesque body was clad in the sheerest and softest of gossamer gowns that shimmered as she moved, accentuating every one of her sensuous curves and exposing her creamy white skin. With her almond shaped violet eyes and a teasing smile on her perfect pink lips, she had melted even the coldest hearts among the mischievous elves, though fearing the wrath of the Forest Gods, they only ever adored her but never dared to touch her. The other nymphs were envious of her beauty but to her, it was a curse, and because of it, she spent most of her life feeling excluded and lonely.

With time, her songs became full of sadness and were so heartbreaking to those who heard them that the day came when both, the sun and the moon, took pity on her. It was in mutual agreement that they decided to defy the Forest Gods and withheld their protective barrier from her small meadow. Unaware of any of it, she was sitting in her favorite spot under the willow, silently weaving a wreath with the flowers she had just gathered. A gentle breeze was softly caressing her face, and she wondered why it was that her heart felt much lighter all of a sudden .

- Splash -

Startled, she looked up to the disturbed surface of the pond but all she saw was waves of widening ripples that rocked the water lilies she so carefully tended to. She dropped the wreath and quickly sprang up to her feet to hide behind the thick tree trunk. Annoyed with the intrusion, she suspected the wood elves. How dare they use her pond without asking her permission?

Slightly frowning, she waited, fixing the pond. Her pretty violet eyes widened with surprise when a young man of a stout physique emerged from the water close to the shore. She had always been envious when listening to the exciting accounts of encounters with men from the other nymphs but, aware of her special status, she never even dared to imagine that there would come a day when she would get to see one in person. To suddenly have one there, right in front of her eyes, stunned and confused her. How was it possible for this human to have entered her meadow? She stared at him in disbelief, thinking she must be dreaming, but when she pinched her skin, the pain had been real enough.

From his dirty and torn clothing that lay scattered on the grass and from the bruises, scratches and wounds on his body, she could only imagine what he had been through before he came to her. It was clear that he was unaware of her presence and she was glad to have the chance to observe him in secrecy. She could not tear her eyes from him. The upper part of his body glistened in the sun with thousands of diamond-like droplets scattering around him as he shook off the excess water from his long fair hair. Slowly, he made his way out of the water, revealing the rest of his tall and muscular body. A stirring arousal spread from her lower belly toward her small pink nipples and between her thighs at the sight of him. She felt the heat in her cheeks rise when she saw his nakedness. Never before had she laid her eyes on a being as appealing as the young man in front of her and she was instantly smitten by his human charm. The way her body reacted to his presence with an overwhelming carnal lust frightened her.

She was afraid that if she revealed herself to him, it would not only anger the gods, but it would also put the young man's life in grave danger. Little did she know that once they let him through, the sun and the moon put a protection around the meadow to shield it from the prying eyes of not only the forest creatures, but from the Gods as well.

She waited patiently, hoping that perhaps he would leave. He didn't. Instead, he lay down in the grass and after a short while of basking in the warm sun, he fell asleep. This was the perfect moment for her to retreat to her cavern behind the waterfalls. He would never know that she had been there the whole time. She wanted to walk away but it was the tingling feeling in her lower belly that made her pause. Unable to resist the temptation to see him from up close, she turned back. With the stealth and prowess of the nymph that she was, she silently walked over to where he lay, peacefully asleep and oblivious that he was being contemplated by the loveliest creature in the whole of Chimera.

She felt her heartbeat quicken to an exciting drumming rhythm as her eyes took in his every detail. Watching him from up close, she was mesmerized by his manly beauty and her physical attraction to him grew with every second of her drinking him in. His eyes were relaxed under his smooth eyelids rimmed with thick eyelashes and she found it extremely difficult to resist the urge to trace his perfectly arched eyebrows with the tip of her finger. The shape of his nose, his strong jaw and his face were symmetrical and smooth and the way his full lips slightly curved in the corners made them look so soft and inviting that it had her wondering how it would feel to kiss him. Her resolution not to touch him was weakening. She was aware of the danger she was putting him in and her head was telling her to leave immediately but her body was suggesting something altogether different. In the end, the temptation was simply too strong.

As silently as she could, she kneeled down beside him. Tying a small ribbon around her long hair first, she then lowered her face to his and placed the softest of kisses on his lips. When she felt him stiffen and breathe in, she laid her hand over his eyes before he had the chance to open them.

"Say not a word and keep your eyes shut. Please," she whispered with a soft pleading in her beautiful voice.

He frowned but then relaxed again, though his body remained tensed with what she hoped was anticipation. His chest was rising faster and yet, he showed no sign of moving from his position. She was relieved. He had accepted to play her game. Removing her hand from his eyes, her whole body trembled with excitement, something she had never experienced before. She looked around carefully and noticed the silence around them. No sign of a bird or insect or any other creature. In that moment she knew that they were safe. Looking to the sun with gratefulness, she breathed out with relief.

"I promise you won't regret this." Her voice was languorous as she breathed soft words into his ear and she saw his skin cover in goose bumps and his limpness grow a little harder. His lips curved into a smile, making her heart ache at the mere sight of him.

She traced the lines of his face with her fingertips, like a sculptor contemplating her creation in awe and adoration. He winced as she passed her palms over the bruises and wounds on his body, healing them with her touch. When she was done, she then pressed her lips against his in such a sensual way that it instantly turned his sex completely hard. The taste of his lips and skin and the musky scent of his body was so appealing to her that it made her want to take him in a much more urgent way, but she knew that if she wanted to savor every second of the dreamlike moment, she needed to take her time. After all, this could be her only opportunity to have a human to herself.

Biting his lower lip in a playful way just to tease him, she then kissed him more passionately, opening her soft mouth and allowing his tongue to meet hers so that he could taste her. Hearing him demonstrating his pleasure by moaning softly heightened her arousal and with his compliance to her inviting advances, the true nature of a nymph awoke in her. She wanted to make him hers, have him beg for her, make him need her and for him to never ever be able to forget her.

While she kissed him, her fingers traced the hard ripples on his belly and paused on his groin. Feeling the impressive size of his sex under her hand made her want to have it deep inside her. He gasped as she pulled herself over him, parting her thighs to have the wet lips of her pussy over his hardness. Amused by the way his facial expression transformed, she started rubbing it slowly against him and was herself surprised of the blissful sensation it brought her. His soft tip pushed over the small and delicate spot of her clitoris, intensifying her pleasure to such a height that it made her cry out. His hands went to her knees, slowly running his fingers over the smooth skin of her thighs and under her gown where he caressed and squeezed the soft roundness of her ass cheeks. It was pleasing to her vanity to see his smile widen in appreciation of what he was discovering.

She brushed her lips softly against his closed eyes and he brought his hands to her face so that he could pull her mouth to his lips, kissing her with fiery eagerness, demonstrating how hungry he had become for her. Threading his fingers through her hair, he undid the ribbon that was holding it back, making it fall and close around their faces like curtains. She moaned and wrapped her arms around his shoulders as he ran his hands over her gown, down to the small of her back to grab her more insistently around her waist and push her down harder against his throbbing cock. 

She moaned with pleasure into his ear and while he rubbed himself against her from below, she placed wet kisses on his jaw and down his neck. His skin was soft where the neck met his square shoulder and she could not resist the temptation of gently grazing it with her teeth and then as he squeezed and pulled her to him with more strength, she let them sink deeper into his flesh. He groaned with pleasure and she licked the sweetness between her teeth, knowing that a love mark of her appreciation will be left behind. His cock was teasing her soft spot and soon she felt overwhelming waves of pleasure run through her. Her whole body tensed and then shook with spasms while he dug his fingers into the tender flesh of her ass. She let out a long cry and then put her lips back to his neck.

She continued biting him, sometimes gently and sometimes in a more feline way, growling and licking as she made her way over firm stomach, running her nails over the skin of his chest, leaving red lines behind. He moaned and winced but not once did he open his eyes. His breaths came in faster and deeper as she ran her hands over his swollen sex, caressing and scooping, gently pulling, handling him in a way that demonstrated the skills of how to please a man that just came so naturally to all nymphs.

Eager to taste him, she brought her lips to his cock and started sucking him gently while her delicate hand wrapped him from the bottom. She brushed his soft tip against her pink lips, passing her juicy tongue around it and she loved how it seemed to drive him crazy. There was a lot of pleasure for her to be taken in making him groan and growl while teasing him with her mouth. Her pussy was throbbing with demanding pulsations that sent more wetness between her legs. Very slowly, she licked him from the bottom to the top and took him fully into her mouth, tightly wrapping her lips around him while stroking his thick base and his firm balls. He threaded his fingers through her hair and leaned back his head while she tasted and pleased him. She sucked and licked his tip again and as she tasted the essence of his arousal she felt the urge to drink him to the last drop. She sucked harder and moved faster until his breaths came out short and fast and his hands gripped her hair harder not wanting her to stop now that his climax was coming. But she had other plans for him and so to his frustration, she removed her hand and lips, making him growl in protest.

This time, when she placed herself on top of him, she let his hard cock slowly slide deep inside her hot wet pussy. He took a slow breath and held it in for a while, his body crisping under hers. She enjoyed the power she had over him and liked how he looked so defenseless under her. He exhaled loudly as her movements sped up and she started riding him in a more urgent way. His hands found her round breasts and when he started teasing her nipples it was her turn to cry out. She lowered herself and pulled her breast out of her loose cleavage to let him suck on it. He did it eagerly, his tongue softly running over her perfect pink nipple, his teeth gently biting it until she moaned. His hands slid under her dress to grab her ass again so that he could push her onto him with more strength. Her moans of pleasure seemed to excite him and he roughly pushed into her from under, making her climax built with a fast approaching speed.

Their mouths met over and over again, devouring each other with an insatiable fervor. He pulled the top of her gown down and exposed both of her breasts so that he could caress them and once again bring his lips to her hard nipples while he pushed deeper into her. She was impressed that throughout the whole time, his eyes remained closed. With their sweaty bodies connected, moving together in their carnal dance, she felt her body begin to tense and suddenly, she knew that she wanted him to see her.

"Open your eyes now," she said and lifted herself up, resting her hands against his trembling chest.

Very slowly he opened his eyes and gasped as he contemplated the divine image of her on top of him.

"You are more beautiful than a dream." he breathed out.

She was surprised when he took her by the waist and pulled her to him, swiftly rolling their bodies so that she found herself lying under him. He looked down at her, dazzled.

"Yet I am real," she replied and smiled at him in the most flirtatious way, provoking him to push back into her with force.

"To be inside you feels real enough, beautiful nymph."

His voice was deep and mellow and the way he was looking at her made her already pink cheeks take on a red glow. She laughed softly, the sound of her laugh echoing through the silence like the softest of songs. She caressed his face and he took her hand and pressed his lips against her soft palm. Then he took her other hand and gently pinned her into the grass next to her shoulders. Her violet gaze on his light brown eyes, their excitement only intensified as he started penetrating her, slowly but deeply.

She could not believe how good it felt and it made her angry at the Forest Gods for wanting to keep such delightful pleasures from her. He kissed her deeply and passionately, laying his body on top of hers, letting go of her hands so that he could caress and explore the skin of her thighs, lifting her legs to have them wrap around his ass. Her fingers threaded through his hair and ran down his neck and over his smooth muscular back while his thrusts became faster and rougher, until they were both panting loudly. She arched her back, while he held her by the waist and with one last thrust; he exploded inside her, making her body contract with under waves of orgasm that completely overwhelmed her. He dropped back onto her, his full weight pressing her down into the grass. He then kissed her lovely face and her breasts while she held him to her and caressed him with tenderness.

He rolled their bodies again to have her on top of him again and caressed the silky white skin on her back under the waves of her hair. She lowered herself onto his chest and rested her head against his fast-beating heart. His lips pressed softly against her hair while he whispered words of worship of her beauty and she, smiling with satisfaction, rested her hand against his neck, both indulging in the sweet moment of being euphorically spent.

After a moment, completely exhausted from his journey and the intense love-making, he fell into a deep sleep. She was watching him with sadness, knowing very well that he could not stay with her forever. Her hot tears dropped on his chest where his heart slowed down to a peaceful beat. Caressing his face, she wanted to imprint his every detail into her memory so that he could stay alive in her mind. She then looked to the sun with her tear-stricken eyes and whispered.

"Please. Spare his life."

The warmth of the sun on her skin made her drowsy so she rested her heavy head against his chest once more and watched the sun slowly set and the moon take its place in the darkening sky. Suddenly, her meadow was filled with what seemed like thousands of tiny fireflies, their flickering lights creating a magical atmosphere. Watching them fluttering around her made her dizzy and soon her eyelids closed over her pretty eyes and she drifted into a beautiful dream.

When she awoke, she was surprised to find the young man's handsome face gazing down on her with admiration. She was confused. He should not be there. As soon as the Gods found him out, it would be the end of him. She sat up, and looked angrily to the dawning sun, strange pain spreading deep within her chest but as the pink glow illuminated the landscape around her, she gasped. They were no longer in her small meadow but in a field of high green grass she'd never seen before. There were no such fields to be found in Chimera. The sun smiled down on her, casting its golden light over her and surrounding her with warmth in which she felt its tender affection for her. She knew that limited to the realm of Chimera, the Forest Gods had no power over them in the human world.

The young man stood up, than reached out to take her hand and lifted her to him. Taking her into his arms, he kissed her softly.

"Welcome to my world, my lovely nymph."

His smile made her heartbeat quicken and the light radiating from his face made her happier than she'd ever been. Hand in hand, as is the way of young lovers, they started walking toward the small village down the valley where they settled and lived with the sun and the moon forever casting their protective lights over them.