 Chapter 4 – The city of Galos

We left the house the next morning, flying the aircar to the airport. Long-distance travel needed a much bigger craft to make it efficient and safe, so my owners would take a supersonic plane to fly to the island city Galos, a thousand kilometres to the south. My arse was still sore from the pounding that Mistress Delilah's strapon had given it, but it was a good sort of pain. I felt more like part of the family now that all three women in it had taken me. My owners had watched their mother fuck me, then taken turns spanking me while their mother spanked their father. Their father and I slept in cages in the basement, both with our vocal cords disabled so we couldn't keep each other awake. 

My mistresses landed the aircar outside the airport terminal and summoned a baggage cart, which floated alongside us as we made our way towards the flight. The airport was vast and busy, huge domes of glass and steel bordered by the short runways our advanced aircraft use. We sat a while and watched the planes land and take off, while Eve and Hailey sipped cocktails and debated where to visit first. I was still muted. They had no need of me, and I was bound up tight in any case.

Airport security is strict. All slaves have to be leashed, with our hands cuffed behind our backs and our legs hobbled on a chain until we are checked in. I had eaten well that morning and taken on plenty of fluids, so I was ready for the flight. We walked down the endless stretch of the terminal to the check-in desks, where my mistresses' many bags were weighed and scanned, then taken away on the conveyor belt.

"How will your slave be travelling?" asked the attendant to Hailey.

"Slave class. He's booked in."

"OK, slaveboy, come up here," said the attendant to me.

I nodded mutely and shuffled over to her. She tapped a few commands into her terminal and a slave-holder was dropped down from a compartment above the conveyor. Humans fold up very small, and a slave like me isn't usually wanted in the main cabin of the aircraft. The solution is to pack us into transparent crates, fully equipped with life support and automatic waste disposal, but otherwise essentially just a cage. I'd expected this when I became a slave, but I didn't relish it. Still, it was a good demonstration of my status, and I had to make myself accept my owners treating me like their property.

Hailey handed the attendant my leash, who opened the top of the slave-holder and fed my leash into a mechanism inside. It drew me inexorably into the crate, forcing me to concertina down into it. The floor of the crate was lined with some kind of gel. It was comfortable enough, if cramped. My hands were released from behind my back and I was guided to place them in restraints near the front of the crate. They snapped into place and the attendant closed the lid without another thought. I pictured myself in the crate, a naked slave body, so clearly someone's possession. It was actually quite a comfortable feeling.

With a jolt, I was sent through the hatch and onwards into the baggage and cargo area, a much less glamorous part of the airport than the bits my mistresses get to see. The crate bumped and slipped along the conveyor as I was routed towards our plane. All around me other people's property was flowing towards its destinations. Some of that property was human – male and female slaves, naked and crated, possessions to be moved from one place to another. We smiled at each other when we could – slaves look out for one another when they can.

My crate reached the end of its line and was picked up by an automated crane. I was swung through the air and placed in a pile of slave crates, four high, two deep and ten wide. The slave crates were arranged so that my row was facing the rear of the row in front. My view wasn't bad – a young female slave with a beautiful bottom and oiled skin that showed off her bare pussy. Her mistress had left a nano-vibrator attached to her slave's clit. She orgasmed right in front of me, bucking against the hard walls of the crate. When she had finished cumming, the automatic vibrator started its cycle again. I honestly couldn't say if it was a reward or a punishment, but I was glad not to be cumming over and over throughout my trip.

We waited like that for two hours. Airport staff walked around the crates, checking the occupants' vital signs and having a good look at those parts of our bodies they could see. I tried to imagine what it would look like from their point of view, a row of caged cocks, dangling balls, smooth pussies and the occasional brand worn by a lifelong slave. I was just one powerless, anonymous, slaveboy among the thousands they handled every day. I passed the time daydreaming of Eve and Hailey, goddesses in my imagination.

The crates were soon lifted onto the back of a flatbed truck and driven across the runway to be loaded into the hold. The mid-morning sun could barely find its way to me, as the two new layers of crated slaves above me blocked out its rays. The slavegirl's vibrator had finally stopped, and she had grown still, in great contrast to my restlessness. I had never been so constrained and controlled, and grew itchy and jumpy. My heart rate climbed and kept climbing, and sweat started to drip from my skin.

The crate must have been linked in to my nanites and my collar. Just as I started to hyperventilate, the crate's systems cut in and filled the air with sedatives. I felt them rush through my body, washing away the panic and leaving a blissful, floating feeling in its place. The crate had a certain amount of nanite material that it could fashion into this and that. It snaked into my arse and formed a flexible dildo, which started gently massaging my prostate. I fell asleep a few minutes later, dreaming of being raped by tender robots.

I woke up as we touched down, the slave crates rattling as the human cargo was jolted around. We were unloaded before the rest of the luggage and sent to the terminal. Slaves go first so we can carry our owners' other possessions. We were arrayed all along one wall of the vast, bright room where new arrivals first entered the city of Galos. I could move my head a little, and watched as mistresses unpacked their slaves, greeting some with hugs and kisses, others with a mere nod of the head or a command to follow and be silent. 

A few of my fellow slaves were quickly dressed by their owners, mostly the women, and usually in outfits that only accentuated their status. Maid uniforms, frilly skirts, crotchless knickers, transparent shorts, intricate harnesses and leather tops all adorned my fellow human possessions. I wondered if my owners would ever clothe me. My imagination painted lurid pictures of the days ahead. I would be one slave among hundreds of thousands living here, led through the streets, on show to all eyes. I buried the thought with my wish to serve Eve and Hailey as best I could. 

My owners collected their other luggage first then sauntered over to me, quickly unlocking me and helping my stiff body out of the cage. Hailey had me walk around a little on my leash, then unlocked my hobble and released my hands. I stretched this way and that, working out the kinks in my muscles.

"Slaveboy," said Hailey, "you need to loosen up. Do a hundred star jumps, right here. Begin."

I looked dumbfounded at her for a few seconds, imagining myself jumping around in front of all these people. Hailey glared and raised an eyebrow, which was all the encouragement I needed to avoid her cane. I started jumping, flailing my arms and legs out of time, acutely conscious of all the eyes on my body.

"No, no, slaveboy," said Eve, "do it gracefully, slowly, legs and arms in time. Take a few deep breaths then start again."

I breathed in deep through my nostrils, filling my chest, then out slowly through my mouth, holding contact with Eve's beautiful dark eyes. Starting again, I let my legs and arms relax, then made them rise and fall in time. Eve smiled gorgeously, while Hailey stood giggling. My cock bounced up and down in its cage, crashing back into my balls every time I landed. A few other owners and their slaves drifted over to us.

Soon I was joined by three slaveboys of Japanese descent, whose ivory-skinned owner told them to star jump with me. We hit the same rhythm, cocks bouncing in unison. A greying male slave was soon made to jump with us, and two females, brunettes with large, juicy breasts. Hailey told me to keep jumping, then filmed all us slaves jumping together. By the time I was done, my blood was pumping hard and my limbs felt wonderful and free. All thoughts of embarrassment were gone. Liberated from them, I was enjoying doing what I was told.

"Well done, Kier," said Hailey, patting me on the bottom and taking up my leash.

I loved it when she patted my bottom like that. It was friendly but proprietorial, the kind of affection that nurtured my slave-self. She walked off without another world, trailed by me and the floating cart that carried my mistresses' luggage. She led me by the leash out into the grand foyer of the airport, then along to the taxi rank. We piled in to a luxury aircar and Hailey punched in our destination: a hotel grander than any I could ever have afforded as a free man. 

We sailed over the great city of Galos. From our bird's eye view, we saw its lush outer ring, the grand houses of its suburbs and then all the chaotic splendour of its centre, grand buildings of stone and marble mixed together with glass and steel skyscrapers. Everywhere below us teemed with people, too small to make out. Eve clicked her fingers at me, instantly getting my attention.

"Yes, mistress?" I asked.

"Slave, we'll need to do a few things today. First we'll check in to the hotel and you can unpack for us then bathe us in the private bathroom. You yourself will use the slave showers – you'll find them on every floor, a room with a two-way mirror. After we've eaten something, we're going clothes shopping. It's early here so we have the whole day. Any questions?"

"Yes, mistress. Where will I be staying?"

"Hailey and I reserved adjoining rooms with queen-sized beds, and you will share them with us. Each will have a slave cage, but if you're very good we'll let you sleep with one of us each night, unless we hire other company. I know Hailey wants to rent out an experienced female slave, and I might get one too. On those nights you'll be locked in a cage or even kept in the hotel's holding cells. I imagine the female staff will just eat you up; or you'll eat them at any rate."

"I will do as ordered, mistress," I said after a little hesitation. 

The aircar landed softly outside the hotel and two bellhops rushed out to unpack the bags. They wore red suit jackets with gold brocade and nothing else except a collar and a chastity cage. Their bottoms were branded with the symbol of the hotel, which meant they belonged to it directly. Businesses can buy slaves, but only on short-term contracts, and each must have a named "owner" who will look after them and see to their needs. It could be a nice life, I'd read, once you got used to the customers treating you like their property. The brands could be healed away once you were released, but some people chose to keep them; they made a good story.

The foyer was fitted out with plush red carpet and fine old leather furniture. It was dotted about with pedestals on which stood pleasure slaves of every shape and size, all ready to rent out at a moment's notice. Hailey perused the selection while Eve checked us in, taking a shine to a middle-aged looking woman with fine golden hair and cute little tits. Hailey had the slavegirl suck her finger and flicker her nipples with her free hand. The slavegirl's pretty blue eyes never left Hailey's, and both women smiled lasciviously. 

"Slaveboy," said Eve, "in the city, whenever we are indoors we want you crawling on hands and knees. That includes inside our rooms, unless your duties specifically require you to stand. Begin."

"Yes, mistress!" I replied.

Dropping to my knees put my head almost level with Eve's pussy. I had no idea why my mistresses wanted me crawling like this, but it was their decision and I simply had to go along with it. I made sure my legs were parted so my cock and balls were on show – I wanted Eve to think I was a good slave. Eve finished our check in and swept me after her by my leash. I had to scramble to keep up, and my cock cage bounced and wobbled as I struggled to keep up. Hailey giggled behind me, enjoying the spectacle.

The lift whizzed us up to the top floor, where my mistresses' sumptuous rooms were located. They were mirror images of each other, linked by double doors, each with a giant bed, a cage, a chaise longue and a private bathroom. To the front of the rooms was a shared balcony, looking out across the city towards the sea. Each room also had a cross where a slave could be restrained and a multi-purpose whipping and fucking bench, which I would get to know well. Eyelets were sunk into the floor and walls for chaining leashes to – it was one of the simplest ways to restrain a slave.

Hailey and Eve had the bellhops unpack their bags then sent tips to the boys' owners. While their things were being unpacked, my mistresses thought nothing of stripping naked and having me start their bath. I saw the bellhops craftily check out my owners' fine naked forms, but thought nothing of it. Being naked in front of a slave simply doesn't count. Our gaze holds no threat, and any time a free woman exposes herself to us, we are simply reminded that our own exposure is permanent and beyond our control. 

With the bellhops dismissed and the huge, round bath full, the three of us climbed in together. I bathed Hailey first, my soapy hands drifting over her lean buttocks and firm breasts, then shampooing her golden hair. She liked me to spend lots of time cleaning her arse and pussy, and when made to move my hands away, she kept my fingers there. She surged up to orgasm on my able fingers in seconds, then lay back panting in the tub. 

Moving to Eve, I got around behind her and scrubbed her back well. Her neck and shoulders were one of her favourite areas for me to pay attention to, so I lightly caressed them with soap and oils until she was completely relaxed. Eve walked her fingers down to her clit and started to masturbate while I cleaned the rest of her body. I finished at her feet and sucked her toes while she got herself off. 

I jumped out of the bath and quickly dried myself, then held out a big white fluffy towel, first for Hailey, then Eve, to dry them both. I stayed on my knees as long as I could, reaching up as far as my arms would go. I knelt there with my legs spread, cock and balls dangling, gazing up at my two superiors. Eve smiled, remembering the order she'd given me to stay on my knees. I smiled back, looking into her eyes and longing to hear some praise, some recognition.

"Good boy Kier," she said.

A warm rush sped through my body at the words. I was still afraid of being on display to a whole city of people, but in these private moments, my slavery was deepening every day. I truly wanted to be a good slave for my owners, and every time they called me their good boy I knew it was becoming truer and truer. Being a slaveboy suited me far better than being a man ever had. All I had to do to keep pleasing Eve and Hailey was to conquer what was left of my resistance.

Eve and Hailey got dressed while I waited. They had changed my leash for a chain, unbreakable but light, with a DNA-coded lock near the handle. I could be secured to an eyelet or a post in seconds, and would never get free unless my mistresses allowed it. Hailey put on hotpants and a bikini top, while Eve decided on a simple pleated skirt and a white blouse, but wore no underwear beneath them. I could clearly see her nipples through the tight fabric, and when I crawled close to her I could see everything beneath the skirt.

"I thought you might enjoy the view, slaveboy. Here, these gloves and kneepads are for you. I want you to crawl around as much of the city as possible – we'll go slowly – but I don't want your cute smooth skin to be damaged."

Suitably padded, I crawled after my mistresses as we exited the hotel. The streets teemed with life, free women and slaves rushing or dawdling as they had to. We passed fine shops, street food vendors, huge department stores and slave markets. You could buy almost anything you wanted in Galos – from a new pair of shoes to recreational drugs, from a simple meal to a whole human being. It must have been in fashion for slaves to crawl. Everywhere we went, leashed males and females were walking on all-fours after their mistresses.

"Nice boy-" said one woman as she walked past us. "Cute little balls-" said another. "Sweet fuckable arse he's got-" "I'd like to spank that-" "I love pink cock cages on a slave-"

The comments kept coming, all the time. Eve or Hailey acknowledged most of them, and Hailey commented on many of the slaves we passed, especially the women. Eve just kept glancing back at me, making sure I could keep up and wasn't freaking out. I smiled up at her and nodded reassurance. Whenever it got too much for me I just focused on her. Her sweet round buttocks at first, clearly on show beneath the skirt. Then on her as my owner. Connected to her by my leash, I wasn't really in any danger. I just ... focused on her.

A kilometre or two later – distance is hard to judge on your knees – we stopped outside a shop in the most upmarket part of town. The entryway automatically age-checked everyone who came in – it was clear this was an adults-only sort of place. When we got through the doors, I could see why. The shop was teeming with slaves and owners. Many of the displays were living – slaveboys and slavegirls showing off outfits or restraints, being whipped or paddled, or even sitting on fucking machines.

A tall older woman approached us, leading two unleashed slaves of the same age – one man and one woman. They all had dark skin and close-cropped black hair, speckled with grey. The owner wore a 

flowing black leather dress, and from her belt hung an array of vicious crops and floggers. The slavegirl wore thigh-high red boots and long red gloves of leather, while the slaveboy wore red leather hotpants cut to expose his caged cock, and a red leather harness that criss-crossed his slim upper body. 

"Welcome to Madame de Douleur. I am the Madame. Eve, Hailey, so nice to finally meet you in person – your mother had told me all about you. One of our special fitting rooms awaits you and my slave-wife Alessa will attend to your needs. Please refrain from disciplining or punishing her in any way – and the same for my slave-husband Frederique. The other slaves who work here wear black collars and are fair game, but you must check their limits first. You can scan their microchips for a complete list. Alessa, attend to Mistress Eve and Mistress Hailey"

"Yes, Madame."

Alessa approached, bowed low, and beckoned us to follow. We made our way across a landscape of debauchery, with every variety of slave, punishment and sex on show around the black leather-walled room. Madame de Douleur seemed to own about fifteen temporary slaves that I could see, of all shapes, sizes and ages. Some were modelling clothes for customers, some were being used to test out cruel whips and instruments of punishment. Two young slaveboys stood chained together, tears streaming down their faces as two mistresses paddled their bottoms black and blue. That was just part of being owned, I supposed.

Alessa led us through the main showroom then into a long corridor beyond it. The fittings were similarly plush, and there were seven doors leading into large fitting rooms. Some of the doors were open, revealing slaveboys and slavegirls stood on a central dais, while the Madame's shop slaves fitted them for new clothes. So that was the purpose of our visit – I was getting some clothes. Slave clothes are made to accentuate our status, not to hide it. I would leave the shop looking sluttier than ever. But then, perhaps I was a slut. Eve and Hailey certainly wanted me to be one for them.
