 Chapter 01 – Shopping With Red

Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental. 

The young women, wrapped in their rain cloaks, hurried through the London spring drizzle, weaving in and out of the heavy, slow moving throng of shoppers on the sidewalk. The rain droplets glistened on the short dark curls surrounding the head of the smaller of the two. She had the hood of her cloak thrown carelessly back on her shoulders and her long legs pushed through its front opening as she strode purposefully along West Halkin Street. The hem of her skirt and the matching gray stockings were also damp. Her taller companion, in contrast, was carefully enclosed in her cloak with the hood pulled over her head and drawn tightly around her face. She was lagging behind her companion, carefully choosing her path so as to avoid as many of the puddles as possible. The petite girl arrived at the doorway of the Augustina boutique first and whipped off her cloak as soon as she was out of the grey dampness. Pressing the microswitch in the neckband of her raingear, she watched as the miracle fabric shed its moisture and shrank into a small cylinder. Tucking it into the bag she wore over her shoulder, she said to her friend, "Hurry up, Red. We really haven't got all day." 

Mildred slid into the doorway and waited for her friend to shake the water from her hair, much as a dog would, before she removed her protective wrap and closed it. The unseasonably warm weather had allowed them to leave their heavy sweaters back at the flat; they wore only skirts and blouses. Red shook her shoulder length strawberry blonde curls back into a semblance of order before following her lithe companion through the aisles of the store. The gray Anne Land skirt the other girl wore was a fashionable length, the hem reaching just above the knee, and swayed smoothly from the hip down as she moved. Red felt a momentary twinge of jealousy as she swept her eyes over the upper part of the skirt. From the hip to the waist, the material clung to the body beneath it like a second skin, displaying every taut muscle that rippled beneath. The cleft between her cheeks was clearly defined and she must have been wearing only a thong, if anything, underneath. Mildred secretly wished that she could one day have the self-confidence to wear something that revealing. She was 10 cm. taller than her friend, but also over one and a half stone heavier and much more self-conscious. The girl before her, blessed with a trim size 6 figure, openly flaunted her athletic dancer's body. 

They had spent most of the morning shopping the Oxford Square boutiques and had not been very successful; the small shopping bags that they carried only held a few items. They had taken turns cursing the stupid war that caused their favorite fabrics to be in such short supply. Both were very aware that there were but a few hours left before Red had to pack to catch her train back to university. Separating when they reached the section of the store that sold blouses and tops, the shoppers began exploring different displays. Mildred was startled when she heard her friend let out a whoop of joy and turned in the direction of the sound only to see her slim figure dashing toward the dressing rooms. She followed in that direction and was standing by the clerk's station when the other girl came out of the changing room wearing a hunter green blouse that beautifully complimented her dove grey skirt. 

"What did you find, Bea?" Red asked.

"Just what I've been hunting for! A Theodore Craig! Watch this," said the other girl as the fabric of the blouse gradually shrank around her torso until it moulded to every curve of her body. As Red watched in the mirror, the rich green fabric applied itself to the other girl's chest, clinging smoothly to her and making it apparent that she wore nothing beneath. Except for the collar and the cuffs, the top easily might have been a clever coating of glossy elastic paint. Every detail of the small firm breasts under the fabric was clear to see: a nipple protruded slightly in the center of the puffy areola on each dainty mound. 

"It even offers some support," Bea explained, pressing a hand under each breast and gently shaking them. They only rippled momentarily before resuming their shape. Wrapping her arms around her torso, she purred, "Ohhh...it feels sooooo good. Like fine silk, only warm! I will have to text their website and demand that they make a full leotard of this material. I would pay almost anything to be able take dance practice wearing a fabric like this." 

Then the lithe girl raised her arms gracefully over her head in a classic ballet pose and pirouetted slowly around to see how well the top stretched to maintain its smooth coverage. The hem of the blouse clung to the waistband of the skirt throughout her movement and even stayed in place when she bent at the waist and placed her palms flat on the floor. 

"And," she added breathlessly as she straightened back up, "this is the newest fabric! It changes transparency."

Their antics had attracted one of the sales clerks. "Good morning Miss Munro." she greeted Bea.

"Good morning, Julia. This is my friend Mildred Burge from North Hampshire."

After Red and the clerk exchanged pleasantries, she turned back to Bea and asked, "How does it work?"

Bea continued, "Just like the bathing outfits that disappear when they get wet. Only with this fabric, the more aroused you become, the more it shows. Just watch."

"You can't," exclaimed Red. "Not here!"

With a mischievous grin, Bea stood before the mirror and languidly closed her eyes. Her knees eased slightly apart and her hips began to sway back and forth to an unheard sensual rhythm. Red watched in amazement as the rich hunter green of the top gradually began to fade. As Bea's hips started to move more suggestively and a delicate line of perspiration formed on her upper lip, the difference between the collar of the blouse and the fabric covering her torso became distinct. Her nipples were proudly erect and the fabric clung tightly to each. After a few more minutes passed, Bea's breathing became noticeably ragged. Red glanced about to see that they had attracted a small audience of store clerks and even another customer. Her friend reached out and clutched Red's arm for support as she grimaced with intense pleasure and her entire body quivered. The mirror showed her face and upper body flushed pink and the dark brown areolas on her dainty breasts clearly visible. Other than the delicate cross on its fine gold chain around her neck, from the waist up she seemed to be wearing only a green collar and cuffs.

Opening her eyes slowly, she exclaimed, "Wow! That is so real! I must have a couple of these." 

"Did you just do what I think you did?" Red whispered in awe. She could feel the heat of her embarrassment in her face. Their impromptu audience murmured a few sighs of delight.

When the dark haired girl just winked at her in the mirror, Red continued under her breath, "How did you manage that?"

"I just willed myself to climax," Bea replied, struggling to control her shakiness.

"I don't believe you! How could you do that here, in public?" Red demanded as she watched Bea's blouse start to gradually reappear.

"Well, I probably wouldn't have gone quite that far if you hadn't dared me! And, besides, I really wanted to see if this fabric was everything it's supposed to be."

"But, how did you do it without touching yourself?"

"Sex is all in your head. Very few of the many women who cannot achieve orgasm have anything physically wrong. Even women who have suffered nerve damage and don't have feeling in their clit can learn to get off with other stimuli." By now, her upper body was almost modestly covered. Looking her friend in the eye, she asked in a serious tone of voice, "Have you ever been dry fucked?"

"No! And I pray that I never do," Red admitted.

"You never have because, by the time you're ready to fuck, your brain has already prepared your body for sex by causing your pussy to produce the necessary juices. And your body has increased the blood flow to your labia and clit making them swell and become more sensitive to stimulation, right?"

"Yeah, but then you've got to have the stimulation, don't you?"

"Not really. The physical contact just excites nerve endings that tell the brain to further increase the sensitivity of your sex organs. Your brain pumps more blood to the sensitive areas until a threshold is exceeded and a flood of endorphins is released. See? It's all in your head. You could learn to climax without physical stimulation if you made the effort," Bea insisted.

"And I suppose you've made the effort?"

"You saw the results. It certainly wasn't anything worth writing home about, but, the blouse did what it was advertised to do."

Red thought about it for a moment and admitted, "Well, I guess it did. But, how can you be so brash? So blatant?"

Bea laughed. "Haven't you figured out yet that men do not understand subtlety? Hell, most of them can't even spell the word! If you wait around for a man to come by who understands and appreciates your subtle hints and suggestions, you'll be waiting for ages. And, if you try subtlety on a man who doesn't understand it, you're just asking for frustration and chaos. In these times, what you must do, girl, is conk the man you want over the head with your club and drag him back to your cave by his dick. Then you still have to train him how to please you properly."

Stunned, Red mumbled something about not understanding men that way and returned to her shopping. 

"Julia!" Bea called and the clerk appeared by her side, "I'd like to wear this blouse and I want one in the lovely pale pink as well. Don't put them on Daddy's account; I don't want to listen to him rant about the high price of clothing these days. Please pick me out some nice knickers and stockings to put on his account, but the blouses are to go on mine."

"Yes, Miss Munro. Will there be anything else?"

"Not for me, thank you. We'll let you know if my friend finds anything that she likes."

Red did manage to find a couple more modest blouses that she liked and the girls left the shop in good spirits. As they hurried out with their purchases, the hire electro-limo that Bea had rung for was waiting at the curb just outside the shop. They dodged through the pedestrian traffic to get to the broad shouldered chauffer who held the door for them with one hand and a large umbrella over their heads with his other. Bea stretched up on her tiptoes to give him a kiss on the cheek while she gently groped the crotch of his livery uniform.

"Good day, Ivan," she whispered.

To be continued.