 Amanda propped herself up on her elbow and watched Emily fondly as her lover slept, her chestnut brown hair splayed out on the pillow. God, she was so beautiful it made her heart hurt. She knew Emily didn't think of herself that way and would always make a joke about it, but Amanda thought she looked amazing, that alluring silky brown hair that made her want to run her hands through it, her mischievous little smile...

Emily turned in her sleep and Amanda caught a whiff of her tantalizing scent, light and delicate. She leaned over and nuzzled Emily's shoulder, giving her a tiny nip. She was already at half-mast again as she lay down, putting one leg over Emily's, moving in close so that her breasts pressed up against Emily's shoulder. 

The smaller woman let out a small whimper as something registered in her subconscious. She opened her eyes sleepily, and Amanda leaned over to give her a kiss on the cheek, which Emily quickly turned into a kiss on the lips by tilting her head. And soon they were kissing deeply, Amanda on top with Emily's hands fisted in her hair. She ground her hips against Emily's, pressing her growing erection in between Emily's thighs. She looked into Emily's eyes to see them darken with excitement, could hear her breath going ragged as her mind registered the pleasurably large cock throbbing between her thighs. She rubbed her cock between her thighs, hearing Emily moan in response. 

It was the most perfect moment to wake up to, kisses from a frisky Amanda, her tousled, sex hair ticking her face. Emily felt the heat from Amanda's cock between her legs, the solid hot flesh sparked something inside her and she grasped Amanda's hardness, wanting it inside of her. 

"You're not ready." Amanda grunted, pulling her hand away, pinning her hands above her head. Emily whined her displeasure, she squirmed and Amanda's grin grew wider as her breasts bounced about in her struggle. Amanda took her left nipple in her teeth, flicking her tongue across the sensitive bud. 

"Mmm.." She closed her eyes. In a haze of enjoyment, she wondered how long she had slept because she felt great, like she had just had two Red bulls, she was buzzing with energy.

She arched against Amanda's ministrations, she could feel a warm wetness pooling between her legs already and that was before she felt Amanda's fingers on her folds, exploring her, running her fingers along the sides of her clit. Emily let out a small whimper and closed her eyes. Oh god that feels so good. It consumed her whole universe, that desire to release, to be pushed over the edge. She barely felt it when Amanda inserted a finger into her, but once she inserted another finger and started thrusting, fingers curled, Emily started panting. Her clit pulsed wildly, and then her hands were free as Amanda started to rub her clit with her other hand. She came, squeezing Amanda's fingers tightly as she let out a cry of pure joy. 

Amanda slowed her thrusts, massaging her inside as Emily came down from her high, leaving a trail of hot kisses down her stomach. 

Emily held Amanda's face in her hands, caressing the smooth skin. When Amanda moved up to kiss her lips she touched the rigid flesh between her legs, so swollen with blood it looked painful. Amanda let out a mixture of a moan and a growl before Emily guided her inside. She felt big, much bigger than earlier; Emily tossed her head back, feeling the exquisite bliss of being spread open wide by her lover's cock. Amanda pounded her fast and hard, so much that she could barely breathe, she could only cling onto the vivacious brunette as she peaked again. Her nails made scratches on Amanda's back but that only seemed to arouse Amanda more, Amanda thrust in deep, hitting Emily's g-spot every time until Emily lost count of how many orgasms she had, she just knew she never wanted the feeling to stop.

They fucked for hours, sometimes Emily was on top, sometimes Amanda was, and several times Amanda fucked her from behind with Emily bracing herself against the wall with her hands, crying out in pure ecstasy as Amanda penetrated her from behind, keeping up a fast rhythm while having her way with Emily's clit, pinching and rolling the small clit between her fingers.

Finally they collapsed in a happy heap on the bed, still kissing and caressing each other. 

"Oh god I love you so much." Amanda said between smooches. 

"I love you too." Emily sighed blithely as Amanda nibbled on her earlobe. "Mm." She was very tempted to continue making love, but Amanda pulled away before she convinced her to go again. 

"We should get some food in you." Amanda said, sitting up. 

"Are you sure you don't want something else in me?" Emily asked as she followed suit, caressing Amanda's thigh. Amanda's eyes were obsidian for a moment before she blinked. 

"There will be plenty of time for that later, my love." She pulled Emily into her arms, squeezing her tightly. Emily closed her eyes happily.

"Okay." She said, and Amanda grinned and stood up.

"Alright, let's shower." 

They went to the bathroom, which was actually very spacious, there was a long counter with lots of products on it, and there was a bathtub with glass doors. They were both still naked so they quickly stepped into the shower, Amanda turned the water on and soon they were both basking in nice hot water. Emily scrubbed herself furiously, removing all of the cum from their marathon love making session. 

"Mm that's a shame, I liked seeing my cum marking you." Amanda said. 

"Me too." Emily confessed as she pulled Amanda in for a kiss. This was the first time she had even seen Amanda's room, and she realized that after the secret had finally been revealed to her that suddenly she found herself experience a lot more privileges. Taking advantage of the circumstances, she asked a question that had been bothering her for a while.

"Amanda?" She said as Amanda washed her back. " I'm confused about this claim thing." She leaned back into Amanda's hands, enjoying the massage she was now receiving. 

"After you let Francesca claim me, I thought you said no other guards could touch me." She said. "But then Stevens..." She paused. They had never talked about the incident after Amanda had apologized, and now she wondered if it was a good idea to bring it up, instead she closed her eyes and let herself enjoy Amanda's touch. 

"I picked the highest ranking guard I could, Francesca could claim you with just a kiss." Amanda sighed. "Unfortunately Stevens still ranks higher than her." 

"Oh." Emily scrunched her face up as she thought. "And is there anyone who ranks above Stevens?" 

"Well there's the Warden," Amanda said, as she continued her massage. " And then there's me." 

Emily whirled around, surprised. "Well why didn't you claim me then?" She couldn't help but feel a little hurt that Amanda hadn't wanted to claim her. 

"Baby." Amanda looked worried as she took Emily's face in her hands, forcing her to make eye contact. "I told you that Francesca could make claim you with a kiss, right? Well it doesn't work that way with me, if I wanted to claim you we would've had to have sex." Amanda said this in a rush. " And I didn't want for you to be forced to do that." She sighed. "I'm sorry I couldn't protect you from Stevens." 

"Oh, I didn't know." Emily stammered, "It's ok, you can't control everything, Amanda." She pulled Amanda against her. "It was a good idea, and I'm glad we didn't rush this." She kissed her hard on the lips, pressing their bodies together. Amanda growled and pushed her up against the wall, lifting up her legs.

"Oh Amanda." She wrapped her hands around Amanda's neck as the muscular brunette crushed her against the wall, her cock deep inside her. She panted heavily as Amanda took her, her unfocused gaze traveling to the glass shower door. She saw a flicker of red against the glass and cried out in surprise. 

"What? What is it?" Amanda put her down and Emily opened the door, expecting someone to be there. But the bathroom was empty. 

"I thought I saw...something." Emily said, feeling very stupid. 

"I locked the door, no one's coming in." Amanda said, nuzzling the crook of her shoulder. 

"Besides, I would've seen it." 

Emily felt Amanda's hands travel down her stomach to fondle her wetness and the hard warmth of her cock pressed against her backside. 

"Must've been a trick of the light." She muttered as Amanda pulled her back in and closed the door. Damn, Amanda had such a crazy sex drive, it was hard to keep up. 

"You don't have to worry, I'll protect you." Amanda said confidently. Emily ran her hands up and down Amanda's defined biceps, admiring their tenseness as Amanda lifted her up again. 

"Oh my god!" She gasped as Amanda entered her fully, her rigid hardness sliding into her, making her clit jump with pure wanton pleasure. "You're so strong, and your cock feels so good." She panted as Amanda pinned her against the wall with her powerful strokes. She held Amanda's bouncing breasts in her hands, pinching the stiff nipples, making Amanda cry out in pleasure. Then Amanda kissed her, her tongue entering Emily's mouth, massaging hers. 

It was inexplicably gratifying to have Amanda's cock inside and her tongue in Emily's mouth, Emily was absolutely filled by Amanda. She didn't think Amanda cock could feel any bigger, but as she started to peak and her pussy started to convulse on Amanda's cock it felt like Amanda's cock had swelled to an enormous size. Amanda was her entire world, and now with every thrust Emily had a mini orgasm that raked her body and left her shuddering uncontrollably.

But that was only a teaser to the massive climax that she had when Amanda came, exploding inside of her and filling her entirely with her cum. Emily tossed her head back as they came together, Amanda's cock tethering her to this earthly plane. 

She was exhausted after the long and wonderful orgasm and she could barely move. As Amanda cleaned them both off she watched as the milky white substance that was Amanda's essence swirl around the bathtub before disappearing down the drain. 

"I'm going to let you rest, I'll get the food." Amanda dried them off and carried Emily to the bed, tucking her in. Emily watched Amanda get dressed until her eyelids became too heavy and she fell asleep.