 Chapter 07 -- Sleeping with Sir Geoffrey

Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental. 

*

After finishing his post-prandial cigar, Sir Geoffrey assisted Bachi off his lap and they returned to the warmth of her flat. She returned the humidor to its place and mentioned, "I have last season's Masterpiece Theatre on a chip in the telly. Is there a particular episode that you would care to watch?"

"As a matter of fact, there is more than one that I missed. Did you say that you have all of last season?"

"That's right."

"May I see the selection," he asked, settling onto the sofa and picking up the remote. Powering up the telly on the opposite wall, he brought up the menu and flipped through the offerings. "Oh, yes. Here's a programme that I would love to see. Is this one alright with you?"

"Certainly," she replied as she lay down on the sofa next to him, slipped off her shoes and put her head on his lap, "I have always enjoyed John Anderson's acting." Bachi curled her legs up on the sofa and let her body relax as the familiar musical theme filled the room in place of the classical music that they had been enjoying. They watched the programme, taking turns critiquing the acting and production. As the show approached its conclusion, Bachi took the hand that he had rested on her hip and brought it to her chest. Sir Geoffrey, without comment, began absent mindedly fondling a firm breast. Delightful tingles spread down her belly to her sex and she purred quietly.

After the show ended, she switched the telly over to the BBC vidfeed so Sir Geoffrey could catch the late news. When the announcer began to present the latest propaganda on the far away war against the alien invader, she slipped back into her shoes and excused herself to go to the en suite to freshen up. After brushing her teeth and reapplying her perfume, she lit a number of scented candles around her bedroom. Dimming the lights to set the proper mood, she turned back the bedcovers and returned to her guest. The sports news was just finishing, so she took the remote from him and muted the sound before easing her lithe body onto his lap and wrapping her arms around his neck. They kissed gently at first, but it was only moments before the intensity of their passion increased. Their tongues danced a duet between their lips and one of his hands found its way back to her breast. When she noticed a stirring beneath her hip, she broke off the kiss. 

Kicking off her shoes, she whispered throatily, "You may carry me to bed."

He scooped her up in his arms and struggled to his feet as she powered off the telly and dropped the remote onto the sofa. Her peignoir fell open from her chest down, displaying her taut belly, her slightly swollen labia protruding from the missing panel of her pantyhose and her long, slender legs. As he carried her past each control point, she deftly reached out an arm and turned off the lights in the area that they had just left. In the hallway, she had him hesitate while she armed the security system for the night. 

Reaching her boudoir, he carried her across the room and lovingly laid her on the bed. His kisses found her lips and then her neck while his hands spread the black silk away from her chest. His lips worked their way downward to suckle one engorged nipple while his hands were busy fondling her other breast and a nylon clad thigh. The delicious sensations worked their magic on her pussy and shortly the scent of her arousal became noticeable. 

Her hands were not idle, finding the belt to his robe and loosening the knot. She pushed him away from her by the lapels and he needed no further hint. He straightened up to let the robe fall to the floor while she half rolled either way on the bed to slip her arms from her sleeves. She slid over on the bed, freeing the peignoir to slip over the edge of the mattress and join his robe on the floor. She spread her legs slightly to invite his eye. 

He needed no further encouragement as he slid into her bed and into her arms. His lips crushed hers passionately while his free hand stroked her hot, wet sex. Between their bodies, her hand found the object she sought and began stroking him to his full size. His cock was not overly large, but it did have a comfortable length and a lovely bulbous circumcised head that turned almost purple when fully engorged. Bachi reveled in the intense feelings of pleasure that were coursing through her body, preparing her to take her customer to the heights of bliss. 

Sensing that he was almost ready, she gently pushed him over onto his back and slithered her way down his torso, dragging her rock hard nipples over the washboard of his ribs. Her hands stroked the insides of his nylon encased thighs as her lips found the crown of his cock. Snaking out her tongue, she swirled the talented muscle around his member as she slowly eased it between soft lips. Pausing to allow her tongue to pay homage at the tender spot just beneath his crown, she heard and felt the sudden inrush of air as he sucked in a deep breath. 

His hands were also occupied, stroking her thighs and squeezing the firm cheeks of her bum, entrapped in nylon. But, while her actions were confident and sure, his were beginning to indicate a hint of urgency. His cock was steadily leaking precum and Bachi delighted in his manly taste. She was truly in her element now and firmly in control. 

Her head steadily moved her lips up and down his cock, coating it liberally with saliva. As the head slid deep into her mouth, she squeezed it between the back of her tongue and her palette, eliciting groans of delight from his lips. On the outward stroke, she would apply a gentle suction, the insides of her cheeks teasing his mushroom cap even more. One of her hands gently fondled his balls, gently pulling them away from his body to increase his endurance. 

His groans were becoming louder and more frequent as she continued her onslaught. When she felt his need begin to boil, she pivoted around on her knee, swinging her other leg over him. Reaching a soft hand between her legs, she guided his twitching cock as she mounted her man. Her sopping pussy slid down his member effortlessly as she took him into her deeply. Pausing to let his mind adjust to the feelings of her velvet sheath surrounding his manhood, she leaned forward and kissed him passionately. 

His arms went around her and his hands stroked her back from her shoulders to her bum. As he fondled her nether cheeks, she began to rhythmically pivot her hips, alternately pulling almost all the way off him and then driving him back into her depths. When she rose up onto her extended arms, he moved his hands up her sides and wrapped each large hand around a dainty breast, kneading her mounds to the pace of her hips. 

She would gradually speed up her motion until she felt him start to push his hips off the bed and then she would simply match his motion, rising up when he tried to thrust up and down when he dropped back, until he would surrender control back to her talented hips. All the while, she watched his eyes and felt the edges of his mind. 

She would gradually increase her pace until he was at the very edge of climax and then would either slow her motion or stop her vertical action and merely rotate her hips in a circular fashion until he begged for release, not always aloud. Then she would resume her original motion, starting slowly and again gradually increasing the tempo. 

Her mind wandered back to the advice that her mother had given her, "The key to doing a good job is to try your best to enjoy what you're doing." And Bachi was certainly enjoying what she was now doing. She had consciously delayed her steadily building orgasm to stretch their mutual enjoyment as far as possible, but his eyes were now squeezed shut, his breathing was ragged and he was starting to show signs of desperation. 

"Oh, darling!" she cried. "I'm right there! Come with me! Now!" 

Bachi allowed her orgasm to crash over her as she finally slammed her pussy down on his groin, knowing that even she could not possibly delay his release any further. Her long, nylon encased legs thrust downward beside his as she flattened herself onto him and her creamy nectar gushed around his swollen cock. Her slender body shuddered in his arms as his dam burst and he spewed his cum deep into her clutching vagina, a long initial spurt followed by convulsive lesser spurts as their joint climaxes progressed. 

Waves of excruciating pleasure flowed through her being, starting in her extremely sensitive clit and radiating outward through every nerve. Her joy was heightened by the intense feelings of bliss that she could sense flowing through the mind of the wonderful man beneath her as the walls of her sheath milked him of every drop that he had to offer. 

"My word!" he exclaimed, as he gasped for breath. "You have outdone yourself again, my dear. Sometimes I think that you can actually read my mind."

She laughed quietly without responding, her head on his chest, listening to his rapid heartbeat. "He doesn't need to know about the special gift I inherited," she thought to herself. His hands fondled her bum lovingly and sent even more gentle waves of delight coursing through her core. 

She knew their combined juices were leaking from her pussy, but didn't care. Most of it would wind up on his groin rather than the bed sheets, so she continued to luxuriate in the warmth of his affection until he softened and her vaginal muscles couldn't keep him within her any longer. 

"Oh, dear! I'm afraid I must run," she exclaimed, rolling off him and dashing for the en suite. "Don't move!" 

Seating herself on the bidet, she again delighted in that wonderful fixture. She peeled the pantyhose off her legs and was finally able to enjoy her nudity. Thus far, Sir Geoffrey was her only customer with a pantyhose fetish and she thought to herself that one was probably her limit. Other customers had different sexual peculiarities that she carefully tended to, but pantyhose were one of her least favorite articles of clothing. 

After drying herself, she strode back into the flickering light of the remaining candles, her messy pantyhose balled up in her fist. She could see his eyes following her naked figure across the room and she let her hips sway just a bit more suggestively. She knew that he enjoyed watching her, so she didn't rush. 

She had another damp washcloth in her other hand and she carefully used it to wipe up the puddle of their cum from his groin. She breathed a sigh of relief when she couldn't find any staining of the bed sheets. Then she gently cleaned the source of her recent pleasure and started to tug at the waistband of his pantyhose. He arched his back to allow her to pull the nylon off his bum and carefully disentangle his genitals through the empty gusset. 

Finally, she stripped the soiled pantyhose off his legs and wrapped them and hers in the washcloth. Picking up their clothing from the floor, she headed for the closet. The pantyhose were dropped in the hamper along with the washcloth and the robe and peignoir were hung back up where they belonged. Presenting her naked body to him framed in the closet doorway, she said, "I put your toothbrush in the holder by the sink."

He took the hint and levered his bony body off the bed. While he busied himself in the en suite, she blew out the candles, switched on her bedside lamp and turned off the overhead light. Then she arranged herself on the bed so that her feet and ankles were the only parts of her under the covers. She lay on her back with her arms under her pillow behind her head and her legs slightly apart, displaying her puffy labia, still flushed pink from their recent exertions. 

Her nude body was bathed in the pool of light thrown by the bedside lamp. Her back arched slightly, pushing her firm breasts proudly upward. When he returned from his toilet, Sir Geoffrey stood by the side of the bed and gazed down on her beauty, taking special notice of the gleam in her eyes and the satisfied smirk on her lips. 

He eased himself slowly into her bed and pulled the covers up to their chests. Bachi turned off the light and they held each other in their arms for some time, basking in the afterglow of their lovemaking. Nothing was said aloud, but she knew in her heart that she had earned her fee. When his regular breathing indicated that he had nodded off, she turned onto her side, facing away from him, and spooned her body back into his. They both slept soundly that way for the next five hours.

To be continued...