 My benefactors had arranged for me to accept a job in a club exclusively for women. The woman who interviewed me said that it was my job to entertain the women customers so that they would buy drinks and stay as long as possible. Whatever money they might give me would be mine to keep and there would probably be quite a bit of it as long as I worked hard. She said that I would start out dancing in a costume she would provide and gradually I would tease the women by removing certain parts of the costume. Although it was not required, a lot of the dancers eventually stripped off all of their garments because the women customers wanted it. Sometimes the dancers then even had sex with some of the customers, again only because the women wanted it. Whatever, it was permitted but not required. However, she stressed, I was never under any circumstances to force myself on any woman, no matter what. If it was not clear that she wanted me to do whatever, then I was not ... repeat, not ... allowed to perform any sex act.

With that admonition, she requested that I show her my "package" ... in other words, get naked. I did and she seemed reasonably impressed by my flaccid cock, which hung down eight limp inches over my baseball-sized balls. She said that they were probably the biggest balls she had ever seen. She asked how big my cock was when it was hard and I said that it would be better for her to make it hard and see for herself than for me to try to describe it. She licked her lips and waved me over. When I stood beside her desk and she had turned to face me, she took my cock in both hands and began to stroke it. Immediately my member awoke and began to grow. As was my custom, I stopped it when it was a foot long and about the thickness of a hefty pickle. She whistled and I said that she might find some other features interesting. When she asked what, I stuck my tongue out. Turning to one ol had sufficiently deflated, I eased it out of her and watched as my cum seeped out of her pussy. I smiled at her lopsided grin.

I helped her up as she cupped her hand under her pussy, trying to keep my cum from drenching her legs. She said "My gosh, it feels like you put a gallon of that stuff in me." I didn't need to tell her that in reality it was more like a pint ... even if she heard that and came to understand it, it would blow her mind to know that I had shot out over 200 times the amount that most men generate. She pulled a towel from a desk drawer and put between her legs, letting the sticky white cum drip into it. She said "You'll do. You're hired."side so she could see its length, I curled its eight inches into a question mark resting against my forehead. She whistled and leaned back. I asked for permission to demonstrate its prowess. She nodded.

I knelt in front of her and eased her skirt up to her waist, easily lifting her so I could pull her panties down. I settled her on the front edge of her chair and began to eat her pussy. By the time I worked my tongue into her cunt hole, she was already squirming uncontrollably. I explored the depths of her pussy, as deep as most cocks, then curled it up to her inner pelvic region and found the washboard flesh of her g-spot. With two fingers pressing around her mound from the outside as my tongue rubbed the spot inside, she soon released a flood of cum juice as she had a rare orgasm.

I stood and gave her a few minutes to recover. She said "That's nice. What else you got?"

I picked her up and laid her across her desk, pulling her legs up to my shoulders. I swiped my dong up and down her wet slit, then pointed it to her vagina and eased forward. Her mouth formed a big circle and she whispered "Ooooohhhh!" as I sank my foot-long dog into her. When the root pressed against her cunny, I held her hips for several moments as more blood rushed into my erection. Her eyes began to grow bigger and bigger as she realized what was happening. "How do you do that?" she demanded. I just shrugged and smiled. When I felt her vaginal sphincter began to tighten I turned off the pump mentally. By then my schlong was about fourteen inches long and just under four inches in diameter. She nearly swooned when I flexed my log around her insides. "Ohmigawd!" she exclaimed. I started pumping slowly, letting her feast on the sensations of hosting the biggest cock she'd ever had inside her ... and they were many. She started cumming in less than four minutes and then just kept cumming seconds apart. For twenty-four minutes I plowed her pussy, the last few using a full twelve inches of shaft. I felt my big balls begin to contract and jammed my length into her, clamping onto her hips to hold us together tightly. The sperm exploded out of my pole like a rocket shot, fortunately for her hitting into the sac under her cervix ... I have had more than my share of partners accept the first shot directly through the gelatin-like membrane of her cervix and she would be pregnant within minutes if not on birth control pills. Her eyes again grew wide when my sperm just kept coming, filling her sac and beginning to overflow her vagina until it back-washed along my shaft and squeezed out of her cunt. Still I held us tightly together until I could start the pump and slowly return the blood into other parts of my body for storage. When my to

Sharon employed twelve dancers to entertain her customers and cover all shifts and all days. We were scheduled for different times so that there was always a fresh influx of meat available for the women to view and touch ... and fuck. Typically we would dance solo to three songs: during the first one, we would slowly strip out of our costume until we were down to a g-string; during the second, we danced only in the g-string and made our genitals move as much as possible within the g-string; in the third, we let the ladies fondle us, front and back, as they wished and if one really wanted it, we'd haul her ass onstage and dip our wick into her honey hive. Those sessions really brought the house down. Then while the other dancers were going through their routines, we would wander among the customers, sit and let them buy us drinks and let them fondle us if they wanted to and even fucked them sometimes. The customers gave us tips, based on whatever we did for them, stuffing the bills into the waistband of our g-strings or sometimes stuffing them into the g-string and getting an extra feel in the process.

Sharon scheduled all newcomers on the lunch shift, which drew fewer customers than the late afternoon and the night shifts. That gave them a chance to get used to the atmosphere and adjust to the clients before being thrown to the lions, which is what it felt like sometimes when the place was packed with several hundred yelling and grabbing females. Of course it also meant fewer and smaller tips but that was all right with me, at least for a while. I could turn it on and shut it off on demand so it didn't matter ... although I liked to turn over as much sperm as possible to keep the ol' juices flowing, so to speak.

Even with the early lunch crowd, I drew attention immediately, although any man would probably draw attention with those hungry housewives. Still it is somewhat gratifying to have fifty or so women mooning over you so I gave them a good show, especially when I got down to my g-string and started swinging my nuts and flaccid cock around and around. The women noticed in particular the size of my balls and they wanted to touch them to see if they were real or if I had somehow phonied up their looks. Throughout the dance, I stopped to momentarily squat at the stage's edge and let a few of them fondle my nuts and they all went away in wonder after confirming that those baseball-sized balls were real testicles. A few of them stroked my schlong and made lewd remarks about my package.

One woman, a middle-aged woman with a middle-aged spread but the coiffed hair style and manicure that said "money" kept saying "I want a piece of that, honey" so at the start of my third song, I beckoned her on-stage and she jumped up quickly. I laid her on her back not far from the edge, pulled up her skirt and made sure she was not wearing panties. Pulling my g-string aside, I quickly got a hard-on to the yells and whistles of spectators who had become interested and were gathering behind me. Squatting between the woman's legs with my own feet spread wide so the spectators could see everything, I slipped my cock into the woman's wet pussy. She was appreciative immediately of the length of my dong but when I hesitated while it pumped up to fill her opening, she talked a blue streak. I began to pump to the chant of the watchers, who could tell that my cock had grown in diameter since entering my hostess. Since time was of the essence, I didn't bother with a slow start but merely banged away at the woman, pounding her pussy unmercifully until she came with a scream that filled the club. When I pulled out of her, the ladies who were close grasped my cock and balls before I could turn around and I didn't bother to deflate it. Putting my hands on the floor, I did a little mid-air flip to turn my legs without dislodging their hands, turning to face the women who were exploring my tools. Most of them seemed to be in disbelief at the size of my things. While I watched their faces, my first lover had recovered, retrieved a roll of bills from her purse and stuck three hundred dollar bills in my waistband. I thanked her and she stumbled down the stairs.

Meanwhile a tall blonde woman in her mid-thirties had settled directly in front of me and wanted to know if she could ride. When I nodded, she bounded up the stairs as I lay back and let my cock stick straight up into the air. I'd pumped a little of the blood back so that it was not quite so large and to make it easier for her to encompass. She tore off her skirt and discarded it just before she straddled me and began to lower her ass. The head of my cock quivered in anticipation, almost as if it was searching for the source of the heat it felt approaching it. Then the head was surrounded by her meat and the clapping and cheering from the small crowd was thunderous. It was amazing how many females were blatantly voyeuristic!

She started rocking on my cock and the motion quickly became violent. She had a big pair of tits that threshed wildly even under her blouse and contained, barely, by the 'natural look' bra she wore. I grabbed a handful of each to keep from getting slapped around by the big jugs and I found her nipples. Pulling on them seemed to add to her pleasure so I squeezed hard and pulled harder. She was stretched out over me and had begun to pump along several inches of my shaft. It felt good and my balls began to contract. The women spectators saw the change in my balls and I heard shouts of "Pour it into her, babe!" and "Fill her up, sugar." I held off a few more seconds but then started to shoot my load into her. As always the force of the shot surprised the woman and she immediately began cumming as well. When my Cyclops had spit out its eighteenth and nineteenth shots and only then began to sputter, she looked at me in amazement and said "Damn, honey, those big balls aren't all show, are they?"

While she retrieved her purse, the women crowding between my legs used their fingers to scrape cum off my cock and savor it like a desert. I got up and squatted at the edge of the stage, my genitals hanging over the edge and two of them began to lick me clean. The woman came back with some money and stuffed it into my waistband and when the women let up, I went to collect my clothes and ducked into the dressing room to grab a drink and get dressed again while another dancer worked the stage.

While the other guys were taking their turns, I went out onto the floor and walked among the tables, patting an ass here, squeezing a tit there, planting kisses on whatever body or facial parts I could reach. Hands constantly felt for my balls until finally a woman said she wanted a lap dance. I sat down beside her to wait for the next song to begin.

After the current song ended and a new one began, I stood and moved the table a little. Then I danced suggestively in front of the woman, a late forties brunette with lots of curves to her figure. As I slowly worked out of my clothes down to my g-string, I made sure to rub parts of my body against her frequently and she approved. When I straddled her legs and began to rub my crotch against her abdomen, she cupped her hands under my balls and nearly swooned. I leaned over and kissed her ... and stuck my tongue down her throat. She tried to gag but I wouldn't let her until she relaxed and my tongue filled her mouth and about three inches of her esophogus. Suddenly her fingers began wildly massaging my balls and then she stiffened and climaxed. When I kissed her and got up, she stuffed bills into my waistband and said "Thanks, stud."

I moved on, talking with the customers at each table, asking if they wanted a lap dance. At the third table, one of the four women asked to see my tongue. I stuck it out and curled it up into my trademark question mark and the ladies squealed. The one who asked now wanted to know if I ate pussy and when I said yes, she asked me to eat her. We cleared the glasses off the table and I laid her on it, then pulled up her skirt and spread her legs. I made a quick swipe of my tongue along her inner thigh and settled into her steamy gash, soon piercing her cunt with my long tongue. She moaned and tugged on my ears as my long tongue wandered around inside her. By the time I pushed my tongue against her g-spot and pressed back with my fingers, she was hot to trot and climaxed just before the song ended. Each of the women at the table wanted the same thing so one by one I gave them the old tongue-fuck. Each of them responded with an orgasm and then stuffed bills into my waistband. I didn't bother to count them.

A couple of tables later a very tall, very heavy woman asked if I thought I could reach uncharted territory inside her. I said that I would bet that I could so her two companions cleared the table and I helped her up. She probably weighed 280 pounds but she had to be at least four inches taller than six feet so it was distributed over a lot of territory. I was betting that 25 pounds of it were located in her huge tits. I lifted her legs so they could rest on my chest and then worked my dong inside her hot love box. When I hesitated while the pump filled my cock, she was amazed. By the time I turned it off, I had almost exhausted my blood reservoir. My cock was a hair over five inches in diameter and nearly fifteen inches long. She whispered "I don't believe it. You gotta see this. Show it to them, sugar." I eased it out ... and out and out. The women oohed and aahed over the size of my tool and the fact that their friend could take it. I unbuttoned the woman's blouse and pushed her bra up until her huge hooters were exposed and when I started to fuck her cunt, I also made love to those big globes. She hadn't cum by the end of the song so I kept screwing her, slowly getting harder and faster until she exploded near the end of the second song. Then with a few swift strokes, my balls blasted their treasure into her cunny, filling it to overflowing as she squealed in delight. When I deflated my implement and backed away, she counted out ten hundred dollar bills and tucked them into my string.

The other two women both wanted to be fucked but both were adamant that they couldn't handle such a monster dick as their friend had just hosted. I showed them how thick it was deflated and assured them that it would not be too much for them to handle, if they wanted to do it. The first one to decide was a petite blonde who was afraid but didn't want to pass up a chance at getting fucked by the biggest dong she'd ever seen. She took her place on the vacant table top and pulled her legs up until her knees were beside her shoulders so she could watch the action. I pointed my rod at her action arena and slowly pushed eleven inches of hard meat into her. I paused and pumped up until her vaginal sphincter began to tighten and stopped with a circumference of about 5 ½ inches and a length of thirteen. I held her ankles so she could concentrate on the sight of eleven inches of thick cock plowing her nether regions, leaving me only a couple of inches to work outside of her sweet hole. She got so excited that she exploded in orgasm before the song was half-finished. I kept stroking her pussy and she exploded a second time just after the song ended. My first partner was kneading my nuts as they shot another pint of cum into the blonde's reproductive system.

The third woman, twenty years younger than the other two, was a less weighty version of the first woman, and turned out to be her daughter. She said she had never had sex with a man with more than eight inches and that had filled her up completely. She didn't think she could take my cock, even in its deflated state. I bet her that she not only could take it as is but she would like it better if it were even bigger and longer. With her build, I knew she could take several inches behind her cervix with no problems and, while she might not be able to take it as thick as her mother, her pussy wouldn't be 'filled' until it was probably four inches thick. She decided to trust me but made me promise to be gentle. I was too but she was shocked at how much cock she was able to handle. She was even more shocked that she loved it as I rocked her to her core twice and then when my balls blasted a hot load of cum into her cunt, she came a third time within eight minutes.

When I finished and she stuffed money in my g-string, it was time to get ready for my next stage run so I gathered my things and headed for the dressing room. First thing I did was to pour the powdered contents of a small plastic pouch into a pitcher of water, stirred it and quickly swallowed it down. The ladies out front would never know how easy it was for my body to make sperm! Ten minutes later I was on stage for my second of six performances that evening, every one followed by a tour of the shop and servicing some of the female customers. 

One of them called me a fucking machine. I didn't tell her how close she was. I was the latest version of NASA's Love Machine series, Love Machine VII. Although I could be programmed to perform thousands of tasks, I had been built primarily to satisfy women. I had an extra long tongue, only for the pleasure of females. I had the ability to control the size of my cock, able to expand it from its flaccid state to a maximum of seven inches in diameter, which I had never yet found a use for but still retained the ability, to a maximum of seventeen inches in length, although I would have to sacrifice some thickness for length or vice-versa. 

I had the ability to generate a pint of sperm every three minutes up to 142 loads before replenishing the ingredients and, yes, they were live sperm capable of fertilizing a female's egg. I could neither catch nor transmit STDs, including AIDS. I had been programmed to feel emotions and sensations, just as humans did, so that I experienced the intense pleasure at the moment of orgasm as human males did.

I was one of just 16 prototypes in this series that had been build so far. I didn't know how all of them were deployed, although I knew that one was still in Houston servicing my creators, one was in Washington fulfilling the needs of the female members of congress (in hopes of continued favors directed at NASA) and the others were spread around the country.

However I figured it would not improve my partners' experience to know that they had just been fucked by a robot so I kept that information to myself and let them enjoy the experience. No one ever complained ... ever. I received hundreds and thousands of marriage proposals over the ensuing years. Even after Sharon sold me the club and I both owned and performed in it, the women flocked in to beg me to fuck them. During an average night, I fucked an average of eight an hour from opening at ten in the morning to closing at two the following morning, in addition to tongue-fucking another forty or so.
