 DECLARATION: This story is an original literary work. I wrote a story just to stretch my creative muscles. All scientists in this work are fictional. Any resemblance to anyone living, dead or born in the future, is purely coincidental.

WARNINGS: Contains transgender themes, Sci-Fi, explicit sex, mild violence, bad words, and strange ideas. It has only the strange things that dribble from my head. If you are not old enough, mature enough, open minded enough, and especially not smart enough to stop reading should you find yourself becoming offended viewing such a story, don't!

I hereby grant permission to post this story, make it available for download, or send it to a one or more of your kinky friends, as long as I am given credit for it and no monetary profit is made from it without sharing it with me. (I'm not greedy, but I did write it.)

**********

'Damn!' I thought, 'I forgot to pick up some deodorant before I left town! And I have a sales meeting with important clients tomorrow.'

I was driving to Reno from Portland and took a short cut through the Cater Lake area, and at this time of night my chances for picking anything up until I got to Reno was near nil. As luck would have it, I ran across an Apothecary in one of the little bergs that I passed through.

Many of these little towns have a pharmacy they name an, 'Apothecary' so I thought nothing of it and stopped.

The front of the store was your standard pharmacy type items. Towards the back, there were old dusty bottles with hand written labels and a whole slew of 'antiques' on the shelves including costumes.

I was only interested in snagging some deodorant, so I stayed with the standard fare. As usual, I was in a terrible hurry, so I just made a quick grab off the shelves, and headed to the check out.

The proprietor was a weird old guy but friendly enough. He seemed to know I was, rushed so he winged the deodorant into a paper bag, and told me, "That's two buck even, and I'll catch you the next trip through." Then he winked and smiled.

Therefore, I smiled back, "Thank you, and you have a lovely evening sir, by the way I love your store. You seem to have a bit of everything in here. Wish I could spend more time to browse. Thanks again, bye." I waved at him, and thought, 'nice guy, maybe I will have a chance to stop on the way back.'

I took off again, and some hours later, checked into my hotel. Man was I bushed! I threw off my clothes and did a face plant on the bed...

**********

"Brriiing!" the phone at my bedside with my wake up call!

I grabbed it and mumbled, "Thanks, I'm up," and hung it up.

Didn't I just lie down? No, it was light outside my window, so I dragged myself into the bathroom and started my morning routine.

Shower, shit, shave, oh yes the paper bag with the pit juice! I grabbed it twisted the top off and rolled it on...

"Sniff," 'what, the hell is this? It smells... girly!' I thought

I pried open my bleary eyes and looked at the label: 'Secret - Strong Enough for a Man, but Ma** *** a Woman.' the old label declared, in pink no less.

I thought, 'this is so old I don't even recognize the packaging. That's just great! Maybe I can cover the scent with some cologne.'

I started digging through my shaving kit for something to cover the smell, but my hair kept falling into my eyes...

Wait a minute! I'm bald. Hair can't fall into my eyes!

I pulled it back and looked behind me to see who snuck up on me and dropped the wig over my head, but no one was there!

I tried to pull the wig off, "Ouch!"

I held the hair back and looked into the shaving kit, the damn thing grew! My face was just about touching the top of my kit!

I glanced up at the mirror and it wasn't a mirror, it was a window into the next room's bathroom and I could see a cute little blonde over there holding her hair... out... of...

It is a mirror!

I leaned closer and so did she. I looked into her deep green eyes and winked, so did she!

"Oh my god!" I said. No I mean she said... oh whatever!

'How did this happen! Wait, the deodorant, the label, what did it say!' I thought frantically.

I picked it up. It seemed half again larger than it was when I sat it down.

It read, 'Secret - Strong Enough for a Man, Ma...'

The label was, smudged so I took my thumb and wiped it off, it said, 'Makes'.

I wiped off the next spot, 'You.'

That's it, 'Secret - Strong Enough for a Man, but Makes You a Woman,' "What?"

I looked for the manufacturer. 'Portend & Grumble' an "SRU" subsidiary.

Isn't that supposed to be, 'Procter & Gamble'?

"Hey wait a second... I'm a girl," I exclaimed as my eyes lost focus and I fainted.

**********

"Miss, Miss are you all right?" I was looking up into the blue eyes of a redhead, and I could feel her patting my hand as she held it.

"Wha... Where am I?" I asked her.

"You are in a hotel room in Reno, you must have fainted," she declared cradling my head in her hands.

"How did I get into this bed?" I mumbled.

"Oh, I hope you don't mind. I picked you up and put you here," she started stroking my forehead.

"How could you pick me up, you're so petite," I was staring at her, and wow was she beautiful!

"Oh honey, you can't weigh more than a hundred pounds, it was easy. What happened? Did the guy in this room get rough, or are you, strung out. By the way, what happened to your clothes? There are only men's clothes in this room. Did he take them, so you would be trapped in here?" she sounded so caring, but the things she accused me of were heinous.

"I'm not a hooker! I'm not even a woman, and these are my clothes. Ouch!" she touched a tender spot on my head.

"Maybe I better call 911, I think you must have a concussion," she declared, and began to stand up.

"No don't. Please help me! I put on some deodorant this morning, and this happened!" I begged, but she kept on heading for the phone. "Please!" I started crying.

She turned and rushed back to me and held me while I sobbed.

"Honey, men don't cry like this over passing out," she informed me as she wiped my tears with her fingers.

"They do if they pass out because their balls are gone!" I declared.

She giggled and hugged me, "I suppose they might!"

"Why won't you believe me? My name is Nick Smyth. I'm from Portland, Oregon. Wait, I'll show you the deodorant! Come with me," I scooted my butt off the bed reached up and grabbed her hand a towed her into the bathroom. "See there it is! Read the label!"

"So what? It's Secret Deodorant, I use it all the time," she had done just as I had, fell for the optical illusion.

"Look closer."

"'Secret - Strong Enough for a Man, But Makes You a Woman', what the hell?" she declared.

"See I told you. I rubbed it on and now look at me!" I stood there, and it dawned on me. I'm stark naked! I used my hands and tried to cover the three basics.

"It's okay, I know what girls look like, so don't be embarrassed," she assured me, "But how can a deodorant, turn a man into a girl, that's just not possible!"

"I thought so too, until this morning. What time is it anyway?" my meeting!

"About eight o'clock," she told me setting the deodorant down and coming over to me.

"Good I still have time before my appointment," I looked about for something to wear.

"Do you have many meetings at eight o'clock, at night?" she asked, as she took my hand, and lead me to the bed. "Why don't you get under the sheets for a while. You're covered in goose bumps!"

"That's a good idea, so will you help me?" I begged, when it finally occurred to me that I didn't know who I was asking to help me, "Who are you by the way?"

"My name is Krystal Ball. It's nice to meet you Nick," she shook my hand limply.

"Now don't take this wrong, but what are you doing in my room?" I kept a tight grip on her so she knew I didn't want her to leave.

"Actually, this is my room. You only checked in for one night and were supposed to be gone by noon. When I came in, I found a suitcase and a perfectly made up room. I peeked into the bathroom and this small platinum blonde woman was laying unconscious on the floor, I think you know the rest," she smiled, and it was like the sun coming out from behind the clouds, it just lit up the whole room.

"You are so beautiful, it almost hurts!" I was distracted from even my predicament, by this beauty.

"Thanks, you're pretty stunning yourself. You know what, why don't we share the room and see if we can straighten you out?" she smiled again, "we could have like, a slumber party, of our own, and maybe I can help you."

"I'd really like that. I'm feeling awfully small and afraid right now, and could use a friend," I could feel myself clouding up again.

"Then it's settled. You take this bed. The other one's mine. I'll go bring my luggage in, don't go anywhere," she giggled and left.

'What am I doing?' I thought, 'I've been transformed into a girl, I'm spending the night with the most beautiful woman I've ever met, I'm naked in bed, and waiting for her to come back, so we can have a slumber party, does this sound insane to anybody else?'

I started looking around the room and had to drag that mop of hair back so I could see. I caught a glimpse of my hand. It looked so strange attached to my body.

'Yah 'my body', sure just because I'm inside of this shell... it must be mine,' I thought.

I looked closer and discovered a small, graceful, fine boned hand, with half-inch long, thick and strong, looking nails. I flexed the fingers and they moved so gracefully, so fluidly my heart jumped in my throat.

I brought my other hand around and stroked my soft fingers gently. "Ooh... hoo... hoo... hoo," slipped out of my mouth, and as fate would have it, just as Krystal was walking into the room.

She stood there with her mouth open. It closed. Started to form a word, and closed again. She shook her head and continued into the room with her bags.

I leapt out of bed, tried to take one of her bags from her, and ended up on my face.

"Whoa there honey! That's a mighty big bag for such a little lady!" Krystal exclaimed as she dumped her other bag inside the door, kicked it closed with one foot, and reached down to help me, all while wearing three inch high heels!

"Sorry, I was taught to help ladies with heavy things when I was growing up, my mom was like miss manners," I explained as she helped me to my feet.

"If I didn't completely believe you when I left, I believe you now! Girl, chivalry does not apply between girls. I'm bigger and stronger than you are," she informed me and held me to her, "You really were a man, weren't you?"

"I thought you believed me!" I accused her, though it was, muffled by her shoulder.

"To be honest, I thought you were just a traumatized girl who needed someone to anchor to until she could get it together. I'm sorry. I do want to help you. Will you still let me?" she whispered into my ear as she held me.

'Sniff', "I don't have any choice, I'm little, a girl, and very confused. I don't even recognize my own hands," I squeezed her as tight as I could, afraid to loose her.

"It is okay hon. I won't go anywhere, just let me breathe!" she gasped.

"I'm sorry, I just don't know what to do! I mean, I'm a girl what do I do now? Even my own mother won't recognize me," I wailed.

She lifted me up with her as she rose to her feet and carried me to the bed again.

"You are covered in goose bumps sweetie, so stay here until I tell you that you can get up! It's bad enough that you were, transformed into a girl. You don't need pneumonia to go with it. I'm going to get you something to wear. Don't fight me on this, I know your masculine mind might rebel against what I want you to wear, but it's the best I can do at the moment," she reached over to the largest of the suit cases, opened it and drew out a lavender wad of silk.

"This may look like it won't keep you warm, but believe me this wispy little number is plenty hot! Here slip it on," she offered.

"I don't know... how..." I started.

"To put it on?" she finished. "No problem, here step into these. Now hold your arms over your head, good! You're done, dressed as a proper lady. How does it feel?"

"It's nice and warm," I admitted, "It feels... like my nipples are being, tickled. Oh my god, I think I just wet my panties!"

"I don't think so. You're somewhat antsy in the hip area. Does it feel hot, moist, and tingly?" she inquired sporting a grin.

"Yes."

"Are you getting the urge to grab your pussy?"

"Oh, yes!"

"In that case, I'd say either the baby doll nightie, or I, am turning you on and you're horny!" she tussled my hair good-naturedly.

"It makes me want to rub my crotch on the arm of that chair over there," I admitted.

"Okay, but if you do I'm going to need the other arm of it. That hot little body of yours is hard enough to keep my hands off, without my having to watch you masturbate," she threatened, shaking her finger at me.

"You, like girls? Are you a lesbian? A lady that is as incredibly beautiful as you are, and you're gay. I finally meet the girl of my dreams and she's gay!" I complained.

"Well, I'm sort of bi-sexual actually, but I lean toward girls more. It's a good thing for you that you're a girl, wouldn't you say?" she teased. "Now don't you think that we should work on your problem, or did you just want to have sex?"

I'm quite certain that my face turned scarlet red. I know that it felt like my knees were going to buckle on me and that damn hot wet spot in my panties grew. "[Gulp] You are kidding aren't you?"

She tickled the side of my head, behind my ear, in an up and down motion, "Maybe. However, we'll work on your problem. That should break the ice, and we can get to know each other, while we do."

"What... what do you think we should do first?" I've never been timid before, but for some reason now, I was feeling very unsure of myself.

"Why don't you jump up on the bed," she suggested as she climbed up beside me, "Okay, tell me the whole story. Where did you get the 'Secret', and why didn't you read the label before smearing it on you?"

"I bought the deodorant at an apothecary store alongside the road from Portland. I didn't read it first but, I did just as soon as I smelled it, and some of the words were smeared," I informed her.

"So do you usually use 'Secret' deodorant? I mean when you were a man did you use 'Secret'?" she couldn't help the little giggle that sneaked out.

"No, of course not! I grabbed it by mistake! I was in a hurry and didn't care what brand I picked up. Anyway, the little old man that ran the place sold it to me cheap. He was so friendly that I didn't even check it when I got to my car," I admitted, head in hand shaking my head for being so stupid.

"Alright after you used it, what did you do?" she asked me.

"I read 'Secret', strong enough for a man, but ma** *** a woman, and thought, 'damn, wrong stuff, oh well I'll just cover it up with some cologne, I have an important meeting. I had to use something, even if it was mad for a woman.' While I was digging through my shaving kit for some cologne, I had to brush my hair out of the way, that's..." I was, interrupted.

"Oh, so you had long hair when you were a man. I like men with long hair," she interjected.

"In that case, you wouldn't have liked me. I was bald," I'm sure my lower lip stuck out a mile.

"Oh, sorry. So that's when you knew something was wrong?" she continued for me.

"I'm actually surprised at how long it took me to notice. I noticed the shaving kit getting bigger, and the counter top coming closer, and I brushed the hair out of the way a couple of times, before it dawned on me that it shouldn't be there. Then I turned around looking for whoever dropped the wig on me, thinking it was a joke. Nobody was there, so I tried to pull it off," I paused to catch my breath.

"I'll bet that hurt!" she commiserated.

"Worse than I remembered. I had to get a look at myself so I turned back and looked in the mirror and at first, I thought it was a window into the next room and I was peeking in on a pretty girl in the bathroom..." she interrupted again.

"So you tried even harder to get an eyeful didn't you?" she did the shame on you finger thing at me.

I blushed, "I tried to flirt with her actually."

Krystal lost it laughing at me hysterically.

I ignored her and continued my diatribe, "I quickly snatched up the..."

"Snatched?" that sent her off again.

"Picked up the deodorant and read the label again. That's when I cleaned off the smudge over the lettering. You saw what it read. Then I realized I was a girl and fainted. You know the rest," I finished.

"I'm sorry I laughed at you. I've got a weird sense of humor, I know," she sounded earnest and looked genuinely sorry.

"It's okay, people tell me that I have a weird sense of humor too," I commiserated, "or is it had?"

"You're still you in there aren't you?" she queried.

"I think so. Although, a big part of me, was tied to, being male. You, know what I mean? I know how to do men things. I know how to live the role of a man. I know how to dress as a man and how to make my own way in the world as a man. I don't know diddle about being a girl," I admitted.

"I could tell or you would have known how to take care of that moist panty problem. You know diddle?" she snickered at her own joke.

I returned a blank stare.

"Never mind I'll show you later," she gave me a sly smile.

The innuendo was having its desired effects. Either that or the thermostat in this room was malfunctioning.

"I'm going to get that deodorant and see if there is something on the label, or anything else I can figure," she got up and retrieved the aforementioned item.

"Who, the hell are 'Portend & Grumble' and 'SRU'?" she asked. "Heck just the name should have been forewarning of something you would complain about."

"By then it was too late, anyway," I reminded her."

"This stuff sounds like some of those 'joke items' you can find at magic shops. You know like the garlic flavored gum, stuff like that," she likened. "Maybe it will just go away in a while like disappearing ink."

"It's been almost a full day, I don't think it's going to just fade away," I surmised, "Hey, I have an idea. Why don't you put some on and see what it does."

"I'm already a woman, so it probably won't effect me. What the hell," she popped the lid and rolled it on under her arms.

Nothing happened, she sniffed it, and said, "It smells nice. It smells better than the real thing, in fact."

"You were right, it doesn't do anything to girls," I sighed.

"It smells so nice, here," and before I could protest, she wiped more under my arms.

"No..." I exclaimed, too late.

She watched as I became more feminine looking, and grew a stupendous set of 'E' cup sized boobs.

"No fair, why didn't my boobs grow!" Krystal was genuinely pissed.

"Look what you did to me! I'm half, tits now! Not to mention I ruined your baby doll, it's almost torn in half," I scolded her.

"Fuck the baby doll honey! I think that chair in the corner is in serious danger of having the varnish worn off the arms. Can I touch them?" she was positively drooling!

"I... I guess so, if you really want to," I acquiesced.

She very slowly, anxiously, her hand trembling, reached out and touched the nipple of my left boob.

My nipple snapped to immediate attention and I exclaimed, "Ooh!"

"Did that feel good?" she asked.

"I felt that, all the way to my nether regions!"

"I better stop now or I won't be able to!" she yanked back her hand quickly, "I'm sorry that your boobs grew. I know you didn't want to become even more of a girl, than you already were. I always wanted big boobs. That's why I got these implants," she indicated her rack, "I want to make them even bigger, but I can't afford it yet."
