 There once was a girl named Chastity. She was the daughter of a man who was the head of a construction company. Chastity's mother died when she was a small child, and so did her kindly old grandmother. But she was never alone.

She had an older brother who she used to walk with through the suburbs, hand in hand. They bought bubble gum or cigarettes at a seedy little convenience store at the edge of town, which made most of its money selling liquor and dirty magazines. But Chastity, true to her name, was a good little girl and never smoked, and she choked back tears for all the sins that befell her brother's soul. She was that good, that compassionate. She never dressed in kinky clothing, never went to parties in high school, and never had anything more than a coffee date.

But then, in the summer that followed her freshman year at her all-girl Catholic university, Chastity took an internship with the McKinley Oil and Fishing Company to study marine life on a large Canadian island just north of the U.S. border. The tale that befell her was enough to disturb even a simpleton. 

So, as the bonfire burns on the rocky beach and nymphs dance and clutch at each other's breasts and lap the juices from each other's pussies, let the riveting story of how Chastity gave up her virtue and learned to live be told.

---

Angelica was eating Stephanie's pussy, her big breasts almost touching the ground as they rocked back and forth, keeping the beat with the thrusts of a man's supernaturally engorged cock in her ass.

Alia was getting her pussy eaten by Lena in a daisy chain, which included Persephone, Jasmine and three other girls Chastity didn't know the names of.

Not that she cared to know their names. She was getting the greatest (and so far, the only) fuck of her life. Her vision was blurring and she was totally intoxicated with the sensation, the damned and sublime heat in her pussy and the hard pressure in her upper stomach.

It was probably the best moment of her life, up to this point, and completely worth the horrible days of fear, depression and pain she has been suffering since Alia's highly dramatized "suicide."

Chastity finally found her peace in the rocking of her hips back and forth back, in the continuous, tingling orgasms that made her vibrate with every fiber of her being and left her feeling wonderful all the way out to her finger tips.

She kissed the man roughly, desperately on the mouth and neck, sucking him, eating him, as he continued to pleasure her with his cock. She didn't know this man. She had never met him before and didn't care, but that fact didn't even register. She knew him entirely, knew who he was and what he wanted. She knew this from the feel of his body. The way his hips thrust told her his story of a lifetime of crushed desires, damaged dreams and an almost magical regaining of life. This story was taking over her as the man was driven closer and closer to his own climax.

It was more than fear of Stephanie's wrath that led him to fuck her so wonderfully. Chastity was giving him new life, new ecstasy, just as he was giving it to her. It was so natural, this lustful coupling, so unburdened, so naked, so blunt.

Chastity felt like her cervix was going to fall off from the sensation that was coursing through her body, taking over her and making her feel so full and complete.

She felt something build up just below the belly button, and it was the strongest thing she had felt yet. Oh, oh, oh, oh!

Her whole body went rigid, to the point where she couldn't even breathe, even if her life had depended on it. Her toes pointed and lifted off the ground. Her back arched up into the cock that was filling her so completely. Oh, if it would only go deeper... Deeper! Just a little! Oh!

The cock began to swell. It was so big, so hard. It began to quake and quiver, shooting massive loads of hot white cum into her eager pussy. But Chastity hardly noticed. She trembled and shook, moaning and clutching her own breasts from her own all-powerful, all-fulfilling orgasm. She hardly noticed when the man crawled back on his hands and knees and began to rub his head against her thighs as he licked her pussy.

But she noticed when the sensation stopped. She let out a blood-curdling cry of frustration that the stones themselves were tempted to turn and listen to. And she almost began to cry as the images of her life began to return to her.

Stephanie paused her activities, giving the man an evil look. Then, she kneed him in the testicles.

"I told you to make it good for her, you worthless washed-up fuck!" she said calmly. "Aren't you capable of learning anything?"

"I did! I did make it good for her!" the man protested. "And I did it all for you, my Goddess!"

"Don't make me sick," Stephanie said, slapping him hard on the ass. "It's the oldest mistake there is, crawling away like a slime ball the moment you have your own orgasm. I thought even you would know better than to pull shit like that!"

Chastity was shaking and crying, as though she was a victim of rape. 

Alia crawled out of the daisy chain and knelt beside Chastity, putting her friend's head on her breast so that she could hold her while she cried.

She cooed soothingly in Chastity's ear. "No consequences, no consequences." And slowly, Chastity stopped crying, like a small child held in her mother's arms. No consequences. Chastity's head dropped off Alia's shoulder and slid down so that her mouth hung open above Alia's nipple, as though she was intending to suck it. But it was obvious that she had fallen asleep.

"Oh, for the love of God!" Angelica moaned, massaging her oversized breasts while Stephanie lapped at her pussy from between her legs and fidgeted with a magical strap-on, fastening it into place. "Someone dump some cold water on Sleeping Beauty over there! She's desecrating the orgy by sleeping on the job."

Stephanie laughed and slapped her naughty prisoner on the ass. "Get me some water to dump on her, you little bitch. If you're quick about it, I won't ask Angelica to enlarge my strap-on before I fuck you with it."

The man nodded his agreement and ran off.

"That won't be necessary," Lena said and snapped her fingers. Chastity instantly awoke. "You should give her the gift now, Alia, you've been waiting too long. Just lick her damn pussy and get it over with. We don't have time to be playing games, we need to be training our soldiers."

"You're right," Alia said. She sounded defeated. "I wanted her to be ready for the life we live, but I guess it really isn't something that can be prepared for."

Stephanie yawned. "I've got another man I'm not doing anything with. You can borrow him if you like. The girl does desire a proper fuck." She looked indecent to talk to. Her strap-on stood out in front of her like a flag, bobbing in the wind, making her look obscenely androgynous.

"Shall I cut the cords for you?" Stephanie asked, stroking her strap-on thoughtfully.

"Oh, I want to see Stephanie fuck her!" Angelica squealed. "Stephanie is so good with women. I bet it would be wonderful."

"No," Alia said forcefully. "No strap-ons. No more horny bastards either, unless Chastity gives the go-ahead." 

"No, I think I want to try again," Chastity said, a little embarrassed. "It was pretty good the first time, I just went weird, that's all. Besides, I promised I'd try this orgy thing out before making up my mind."

Stephanie shrugged. "So, I suppose I'll just cut the ropes off of man number two for you, see if he suits your tastes better."

Chastity blushed and nodded and Alia smiled broadly, going over to make out with Angelica.

Stephanie's first man-toy reappeared with a large shell full of water, which he was about to throw on Chastity, but his mistress caught him in time.

"You really are pathetic! Lena told you to forget the water! What are you, dense? Get that lazy ass of yours over here right this minute and I'll fuck it like I promised, nice and hard and long and without lube."

The man whimpered pathetically like a lost puppy, but he bent over, giving Stephanie his ass to fuck.

With Alia still licking her pussy, Angelica began to suck on the magical strap-on, making it expand to a truly legendary size. Stephanie spread the man's but checks apart, rubbing the head of the strap-on against the entrance to his rectum. The man whimpered and began to beg, but it was no good. Stephanie was relentless when angered, and she had warned him. All he could do now was try to take his punishment with dignity.

Chastity stared at the scene that was unfolding in front of her open-mouthed as her hand dropped between her legs. She rubbed her clit ferociously, watching Stephanie begin to press the toy into the man. Oh, it looked so sublime, so deadly. The way that his butt expanded to take the entire thing in, it was so dirty. So deliciously sinful, like the touch of Alia's hand on her pussy. She spread her pussy lips apart, exploring her own body for the first time, too completely overwhelmed with the sex that was all around her to realize how bad she was being, and far too preoccupied to feel bad about it.

She watched the way that Alia ate Angelica's pussy, the way the blonde's pussy was turning red from arousal and spilling loads of juices into Alia's mouth, the way Alia's tongue slithered into her, pulsing, hungrily drinking up all the juices it came across, the way her lips locked onto the other women's genitals. It looked like so much fun on both sides!

Oh, what she wouldn't give to have it be her pussy that was being eaten like that. Her own fingers began to thrust in and out of her in rhythm with Alia's tongue. Oh! Oh! Oh!

Chastity was feeling drunk and weak in the knees. She was so horny, so a part of everything and so divorced from it at the same time. She knew she'd never be the same if she let one of the nymphs eat her out. She would become a nymph, just as horny and as shameless as the rest of them. Her pussy was leaking like crazy, soiling her hands with her own juices as she continued desperately pleasuring herself.

She saw other figures enter the circle of nymphs. Women like her, who seemed to be drawn into the orgy like moths to a flame. They writhed in pleasure as they left their old lives and were filled instead with lust. How did they make their decision? How was it that things were always so simple for other people, but not for her? She could never make up her mind about anything, she could never commit, especially to something so permanent, so sinful as giving herself up to passion.

Chastity looked down at her hand, which moved continuously between her legs. Three fingers were in her hole, pumping away at herself with shameless lust, and the other two were tearing at herself outside, pushing her lips about, tugging at herself, rubbing her clit. Wasn't she already a horny slut? Wasn't she already without hope of redemption? How could she return home, after she let a man she had never met come inside of her? She was spoiled! There was no use.

She felt like she was going to cry, but she wouldn't let herself. She was going to be brave. She promised Alia that she would try, that she would go to this shameless magical orgy of no consequences, that she would fuck somebody, and she had done just that. That's all there was too it. It was pointless to feel dirty, to feel like a slut. She had come to keep her word.

"Oh damn, Chastity! I forgot to untie you another man," Stephanie cried out as she came, her magical strap-on squirting cum into the ass of the man she was fucking. There was so much of it that as she pulled out, it began to pool on his testicles and dribble down his legs. "You ready to try your luck being fucked again, princess?" she asked with a mischievous giggle.

"Ah, no, that's okay, I think I changed my mind," Chastity gasped, still frantically pleasuring herself. "I've had quite enough action for one day, I really ought to be getting back to my dorm room."

"Oh, give me a break!" Stephanie moaned. "I'm not going to let you off that easily. You've come her to get your brains fucked out, and yet you've only gotten laid once. And by this pathetic bastard," she added, slapping the man's cum-covered ass.

She unwrapped the cords that bound the last remaining man and set him loose on Chastity with the same threat: "Give her the fuck of her life, or it's the strap-on for you!"

He looked back over his shoulder as though she were nuts and shrugged. Chastity actually laughed. She liked the look of this man's cock. It was long and hard, but somehow it looked friendly, the way her brother's cock looked when she had seen him pee through the crack in the door.

And it was sticking straight up, a little awkwardly, which reminded her of Stephanie's ridiculous strap-on. She could hardly keep herself from laughing outright.

"Are you going to fuck me, pretty boy?" Chastity asked the man, taking her juice-covered hand out of her pussy and rubbing it on her nipples playfully, before bringing it to her lips to enjoy the sinful flavor.

He didn't say anything, but she felt his mouth against her left breast, sucking and licking the juice off with a careful flick of the tongue. She moaned and his cock pressed up against her, making her feel dizzy with unfulfilled desire.

She had never wanted to be fucked so badly in her entire life. Her pussy was emitting so much heat that it was practically catching on fire. She moaned like a slut and gasped as the man began to nibble on her nipple.

Oh, she wanted him, oh, she wanted him!

He kissed her belly button. Oh. It was so mean. Oh! Oh! Oh! Could she ever be satisfied? Every little touch made her feel like she was coming alive. Ever little piece of flesh that was stimulated made her aware of how many other ones there were that felt so lonely. Ever little shiver of passion that coursed through her made the air around her pussy feel so cold, so violated, so unsatisfied.

"Oh for Christ's sake, fuck me already!" she screamed. Stephanie laughed. Chastity vaguely registered that Stephanie was fucking herself with the magic dildo.

"Fuck me!" Chastity screamed. "And believe me, if you don't do it right, there'll be hell to pay."

The fellow picked her up and set her on his waist, struggling to place is cock in her without losing his grip on her body.

She moaned like a whore when the head of his cock entered her. It felt like heaven on earth. Oh! Oh! Oh! How did she become such a dirty little slut? When did she decide that she liked sex this much? Damn!

The man carried her off into the ocean, the waves crashing around his legs. Chastity's body convulsed and she writhed against him, practically performing gymnastics routines to pleasure herself on his cock as he moved.

She could not see the horizon over the sea, the strange lonely expanse that she had stared at when she was mourning for Alia. She had her back to it, and over the man's shoulder she saw the rocky coast that must, somewhere in the distance, have led towards home, but for now seemed almost mercifully to lead to the rocks where the nymphs were having their orgy.

Chastity's body rocked against the man's. Her hair dipped back into the sea, pulled by the waves and covered with seaweed.

The cock seemed to be pushing into her so deep, filling her so completely. Oh, how did she ever live without this? Her nipples were rock-hard and they actually hurt as they brushed ruthlessly against the muscles of the man's chest. Oh, such a precious little pain, so much like the head of his member knocking against her cervix, teasing her g-spot.

She was such a shameless slut, and oh was she enjoying it. She wouldn't trade the pleasure for anything else. Nothing could possibly compare with it.

Damn, whether she decided to become a nymph or not, she was going to have to be fucked like this!

"Oh! Oh! More!" she gasped. "Fuck me for all your worth!" she moaned at this perfect stranger she only knew with her body. "Oh, damn, never stop. Oh!"

He thrust into her hard, obviously using a lot of strength to accomplish the feat. It was obvious that he was just as aroused as she was. The muscles in his arms were twitching and he kept having to adjust his balance. His lips and sometimes his hands traveled all around her body, touching her nipples, her lips, her clit. The sensation was so strong that Chastity felt like she was going to pass out from it, but she couldn't let herself. She wanted to feel every single moment of this pleasure.

Oh, so good!

Her stomach was burning. She knew that she was going to come, and she did. Oh! She twitched on his cock like a rag doll, losing all sense of how her body was supposed to move as she was consumed with pleasure. 

A moment later, he came too, his cock twitching and sending jets of hot cum into her well-used body.

Chastity moaned appreciatively, feeling his cock thrust so ruthlessly into her, bringing her over the edge into climax again.

The two of them fell over into the sand and Chastity began playing with her own breasts, enjoying the little sparks of sensation that coursed through her body.

She spread her legs apart in the water and watched the man's seed trailing out of her, a little white river. It made her feel both very happy and very naughty.

The man smiled at her, a little sand in his hair, and dove between her legs desperately, lapping at her cum-filled pussy.

She lay back, her head in the sand. Her arms moved in circles, making sand angels like she used to do when she was a little girl.

She never had anyone lick her pussy for her. It felt so good. So different than a hand or a cock, but the sensation was just as strong.

Oh, it was probably the best part yet. None of the girls could eat her pussy because they were all nymphs, but she could let this man eat her pussy to her heart's content, and there would be no consequences. Just like Alia said. She could still pretend that nothing had changed for her.

The man took a break from her pussy and came up to kiss her on the lips. She tasted her own juices on his lips along with the man's own particular taste that she was beginning to get accustomed too.

She loved the way she tasted and began to lick her lips. The man smiled and went back to eating her pussy.

Chastity writhed as his tongue slid into her, scooping his own cum from her pussy and eating it hungrily. The tongue felt so long, like his cock, and it drove her crazy. The more he gave, the more she seemed to want. Oh, how could that be! She was supposed to be getting satisfied!

She was supposed to be a good girl and say, "I've had enough, you can leave my pussy alone now, thank you very much. I'm going back to my dorm room and to bed, because I'm just not this kind of woman."

But she was.

Oh, for heaven's sake, she was! She loved every damn little second of it. She lived for every second of it. It made her want to cry. Oh, and her pussy was still burning. Oh... She came again... and again. Oh! How could she come like that?

She knew she would think about this experience for the rest of her life. She would lay in bed at night, reading a cheesy romance novel, her legs spread ever-so-slightly apart to catch the cool night air, and she would think of this man with his head between her legs. She would think of Alia sticking that big hairspray can up her pussy, and her juices would run onto her clean white bed sheets.

This possibility seemed noble, rather like the life of a martyr or a nun. A holy life. She closed her hand around the sand and tried to convince herself that it was enough.

Her body convulsed again, in total disregard to her feelings. It was almost as though she was made to be an orgasm machine. What sort of God would be merciless enough to put someone like her down on Earth?

But damn did it feel good! So shamefully good. So deliciously, sinfully good. But could she leave everything for it? Could she?
