 Once there was a little mermaid who was forced to wear heavy wreaths of pearls on her head and a parade of oysters on her tail to show that she could take her place amongst her noble sisters and inherit the title she was born to. She bore the pain with great endurance, for she knew no other option.

Perhaps it is not so surprising, considering all, that she became obsessed with her first glimpse of something different, something less ephemeral. She was willing to give her tail and slice tongue for it. It was perhaps predestined for her to fail, for who has ever heard of a mermaid with a soul?

But one cannot cease to wonder. What was it like to step up onto the beach on new legs, tongueless, tailless, her very life dependent winning the affection of another? Where did she find the power to keep herself from curling up and crying when she woke up on the surface and found herself changed? 

We all have dreams we can perceive hazily beyond the horizon. Little indistinct visions that weave their magic to drive us onward towards change and give us strength when we are weary and hope when we are lost. Yet things happen that change our plans and give us a glimpse of something else. And there are times at which, like Chastity or Jasmine, we awaken to the vision of a whole new world, irreparably changed.

---

"So, you finally caught one? For real?"

"Of course, for real. I put a bullet through her so that she ought to have bled to death on the inside, but she's just lying there like nothing's happened. You can't even see the exit wound anymore, it's completely closed."

"You've got to be shitting me. I thought they were only a myth. Do you think she'll fuck me? I mean, she's supposed to be a total slut."

"I figure she's gotta. They need to fuck every few hours for strength, or they'll starve. That's the way I've heard it."

"Damn, that's hot. They were right when they said this job had perks."

Chastity slowly opened her eyes and found herself bound in a dark warehouse. Two guards were making the vulgar noises she was hearing, and almost despite herself, she was actually considering fucking them, whether or not they were complete assholes. She was that horny. Plus, see had heard and seen enough to convince herself that they weren't exactly highly trained government agents. She thought that she might be able get herself a slight martial advantage during sex.

She turned her head to the right and saw Nadia, apparently passed out next to her. But a moment later, Nadia opened her eyes and gave Chastity a warning expression. Chastity noticed that Nadia's bindings were only superficial. While Chastity was asleep, Nadia had somehow managed to almost free herself. Nadia moved her eyes to gesture at the two guards Chastity had seen and then at two more she hadn't. Four guards! So, they were outnumbered after all.

Oh well, she had never been cocky enough to think that escape would be easy. Chastity looked around. There were boxes everywhere, none of which seemed properly labeled. What kind of warehouse was this?

"Oh, I'm so damn horny!" Nadia moaned. "Oh, Chastity, won't you turn this way and eat my pussy for me? I'm just so fucking horny."

Out of the corner of her eye, Chastity noticed that the two guards who had been talking before where looking over in her direction, practically drooling over the prospect of hot lesbian action.

Chastity's hands were tied behind her back, but she began to unbutton Nadia's pants with her mouth while the guards looked on and drooled. Apparently, they really didn't know that much about nymphs, Chastity thought, otherwise they wouldn't fall for such a simple trick, and the way they had been talking before, she had almost believed they knew more about her kind than she did.

Ha, she could have kicked herself if her feet weren't bound, she should have known better than to believe a word that came out of her captives' mouths. Men always think they know everything, but nine times out of ten they're just full of shit.

Nadia moaned like a whore, even though Chastity wasn't really doing much to precipitate it. She decided that her friend was playing a part in order to hold the guards' attention. She was doing a hell of a job, too. Chastity could feel their eyes on her, and it made her very uncomfortable. Try being both very horny and very clever at once, in a life or death situation. It's not a lot of fun! Plus it was insanely difficult to snake Nadia's tight pants far down enough to eat her pussy without using her hands.

One of the guards whistled in appreciation. Another muttered under his breath and let his hand just sort of rest on his pants above his cock.

"Oh, you make me so hot!" Chastity moaned, deciding that it was the best way to keep up the front. Plus, it was true. She was practically going out of her mind from horniness. Maybe the guards really did know a thing or two about nymphs, after all. She licked and all over the area above Nadia's slit while she pulled and tugged at the leather.

"Someone give her a hand," the guard with his hand on his crotch said. "It's taking too damn long and I'm getting bored."

"You have no patience for anything, do you?" Another guard laughed. "Fine, I'll get the bitch's pants off. But then I get first fuck after the show's over."

"No way then, I want to be the one to take her pants off!" the first guard said. "Then maybe the slut can eat my cum out of her pussy. That would be so fucking hot!"

"Dude, we don't want to stand around watching you fuck her! I've got my heart set on seeing some hot chick-on-chick action."

"You're just trying to hide the fact that you've got problems getting hard."

"I'll show you hard, you son of a bitch!"

"Fuck, you two are fags! Save it for the women."

"Who are you calling a fag, fag?!"

Chastity stopped listening to the stupid argument. Scared though she was being tied up in a warehouse with four armed men, their conversation was so pathetic that she had to fight back a fit of giggles.

Nadia moaned softly again, an obvious cue for Chastity to keep going. If she could get Nadia's pants off and get her tongue to her clit, Chastity could turn her into a sea nymph, and though that wasn't quite an escape plan, it seemed like a step in the right direction. Sea nymphs had special powers and super strength and healing. That would really help when it was time for them to escape.

Chastity finally managed to ease Nadia's pants down just enough that her clit was barely visible, and she attacked it with her tongue as though she was on fire.

The men suddenly stopped their argument, which had almost turned to blows, and stared open-mouthed as Chastity's mouth worked Nadia's clit and Nadia writhed against her fragile bindings.

More than one of the guards pulled his cock out of his pants and began stroking it. Watching them pleasuring themselves, it would be hard to believe that men are capable of using their genitals as weapons. They looked more the part of a team of highly trained monkeys pulling at a series of levers hoping to get a reward.

Chastity was so horny that she hardly remembered the primitive plan. Her tongue and mouth seemed to grip Nadia's body automatically, and she herself moaned with the pleasure of eating her friend's juices.

Both women writhed against the concrete. Chastity wanted a cock in her badly and was almost excited when one of the guards slipped himself into her and began pumping in and out of her rapidly, as though he was afraid that at any moment he would be pulled away and replaced by another guard.

Chastity refused to ease up on Nadia's pussy. Nadia needed to come for the transformation to happen, at least that's what Chastity thought. It wasn't really like she had been educated in the fine art of creating other sea nymphs, and she was pretty out of when Alia converted her. Otherwise she probably would have never agreed to it.

Someone did end up pulling the guard in Chastity's pussy out with such a force that it almost made Chastity come. And when another cock pushed into her, she did come, her juices leaking down her legs and onto the concrete.

The man in her pussy slapped her ass hard and laughed, still thrusting in and out of her.

"See? I told you about these whores. They're so fucking horny they love being raped. Shit, they ought to make more gals like this.

"Hell yes!" another man said, ripping off Nadia's shirt so he could fondle Nadia's breasts. His thumbs flicked across her nipples.

Chastity couldn't tell whether Nadia was really enjoying the attention or not. She tried not to think about it too much. Nadia was sure as hell moaning like she was enjoying it, and that would have to do for now. Chastity drove her tongue into Nadia's pussy, causing her friend to moan even more. 

Hopefully, nothing the men could do to her would keep Nadia from having an orgasm. It was a matter of life and death that she have an orgasm, and Chastity could only wonder whether even a woman like Nadia had enough control over her body to honestly be aroused in circumstances like that. Couldn't there be something more direct and effective they could be trying, like kicking the guards' butts rather than fucking them?

What were they, sluts in some sort of cheap porno? Why were they doing things this way? It was driving Chastity mad. She was almost about to give up when Nadia came. 

The sound was muffled because there was a cock pounding in Nadia's mouth, but she moaned very loudly, so loudly it seemed that the entire building shook. A moment later, there was a blinding light, and when it cleared, all the guards were unconscious.

"Such a filthy cock." Nadia said kicking the man whose cock had been in her mouth. "I suppose hygiene must be a low priority in America. As if it ever was with men in Russia!" She laughed and stood up. The bonds that had tied her were broken. She ripped off what was left of her pilot outfit and let it drop to the floor. "A pity," she said, staring down at it for a second wistfully. "It was a nice outfit." 

Chastity suddenly realized that she too had the strength to simply pull her legs and arms apart and wondered why she had never thought to try before now. Maybe she had become used to rejecting her own power by running home to her family rather than standing and fighting with the other nymphs.

Nadia hadn't been supernatural for more than a couple of minutes and she was already incredibly powerful. It made Chastity almost ashamed to think about it.

They ran out of the warehouse. Right outside the door, Chastity looked back just for a second and gasped.

The warehouse they had been held in was clearly labeled: "McKinley Oil and Fishing Company."

Nadia looked up to see what Chastity was staring at and laughed. "Now you are beginning to understand."

"But why? I didn't do anything to the McKinley Company besides run out during the middle of my summer research project!" 

Nadia shrugged.

"You must not have paid attention to your history books. War is often cruel and stupid," she replied.

"But why? Why do we have to fight?" 

"Were you not just with me?" Nadia asked, as though she couldn't understand the question. "Did you not just see? We have to fight to stay alive, we have to fight so we do not have our arms and legs bound and so that we do not have to be fucked by random men with filthy cocks which taste like sewer water."

"I was with you. I saw everything. That's not what I'm asking. I'm asking what's the reason for the war in the first place!"

Nadia shrugged. "I'm afraid you'll have to take that up with Lena. It never bothered me. You must understand, I've wanted this ever since I was a little girl. I've never bothered to wonder why."

"I can't understand you," Chastity said, shaking her head. "How can you devote yourself to something so completely without understanding it at all?"

Nadia shrugged. 

"You find something you want to do and then do it. That's the sort of decisiveness it takes to really live in this world."

She flagged down a passing taxi and the two of them got in.

"To the airport," Nadia said to the driver. 

"Are you sure you don't need to go to the hospital?" The driver asked. "Not that it's really my business. But it's not normal for two proper-looking women to be outside in a commercial district without any clothing. That's why I was so willing to pick you up. Are you sure nothing happened?"

"Oh, something happened, but it's of no consequence. Please take us to the airport. I have a friend there who will help."

"If you insist," the driver said, sounding nervous. "But I'd feel more comfortable taking you to the hospital."

"I'd feel more comfortable if you didn't bother to worry about our safety. Believe me, we are quite capable of taking care of ourselves, aren't we Chastity?"

Chastity nodded a little meekly and the driver pulled the car onto the road. Chastity had no idea what airport they were going to or even what city they were in. She had been unconscious during the entire kidnapping and had no idea how much time passed between when she was shot and when she woke up in the warehouse.

She could only suppose that Nadia, who had clearly woken up first, had some idea of what she was doing.

Chastity felt lost and vulnerable. Whenever she was teamed up with another nymph, she always seemed to let her take control without any thought. Maybe there was something to what Nadia had been telling her. Maybe she really did need to take leaps of faith every once in a while, or she'd never become truly powerful. 

"You've gotten quiet," Nadia commented. "Don't tell me you've gone into shock!"

"No, of course not, I was just thinking." Chastity said, coming out of her thoughts just a little.

"Ok. Good. Listen. I have a contact at this airport who will give us a plane, so we get to have our little fantasy vacation after all."

"Oh, goody," Chastity said unenthusiastically.

"Listen, you aren't thinking about going back to your dorm room and leaving me, after all we've been through together? You don't belong there, you already know that."

"You can't know where I belong and where I don't," Chastity protested. "I was doing fine in college before you came along and disturbed my life. I was learning a lot and I was having a proper life. I would be in class right now, rather then who knows where, doing who knows what."

"You are so boring," Nadia replied with a sigh. "I don't see why you want to have a normal life. It's just a pointless march from birth to death, which is twice as pointless for you since you're immortal. Haven't you ever wanted to be something better?"

"I've never thought about it that way," Chastity replied. For some reason Nadia's words reminded her of standing in the sea water, her hair blowing in the wind, looking out into the water, and it was some time before the memory subsided enough for her to continue talking. "I suppose I never knew there was anything more to have in life, before... Before I lost Alia to the sea."

Chastity suddenly felt funny mentioning Alia to Nadia, as though the two of them were somehow rivals even though they had never met, and she colored slightly and abruptly became quiet. Nadia, however, seemed only politely interested.

They rode the rest of the way to the airport in silence

---

Jasmine Coleman was in some respects a very privileged child. Her father had a stable job at bank, which he managed to keep during the great depression, and he moved his family out to California so he could get a graduate degree in biochemistry shortly before the U.S. joined World War II, making him too valuable to draft. So unlike other girls, she never was forced to be without money or a father, but also unlike other girls, she was born neither quite black nor quite white, though one couldn't tell it at a glance, one had to know. But still, it was like a curse which forever separated her family and her from the rest of the world. She could never bring friends home twice. She never got to visit her grandparents' home for Thanksgiving. It was always just the three of them, mother, father, daughter, and the outside world never seemed to have the power to touch them, until Jasmine went to high school.

Within weeks of turning eighteen, Jasmine, who was now a beautiful slender woman with short black hair, caught the eye of a young John McKinley, heir to a small fortune, who was attending classes at the local university.

It was love at first sight, and within weeks they were more intimate than was generally considered acceptable during the time period.

"Raise your feet to the sky!" her lover would moan in her ear as he thrust his way in and out of her. "How else will you get your little taste of heaven?" Jasmine would giggle and kick her legs up playfully, but what she never said was that with him, it was always heaven. She seemed to come alive for the first time in his arms, for the first time she felt accepted for who she was, for the first time she felt like anything could happen.

When Jasmine found out she was pregnant, she was wonderfully happy and so was John. They were going to get married of course! In a huge church, with his huge overbearing family, and then they were going to live happily ever after, just like they did in the story books, because remember, this was a world where fairy tales still sometimes came true, even if there were only two guests on the bride's side and her sister-in-law had to be the bridesmaid.

A week into the honeymoon, Jasmine lost the baby, and try though they might to fill its loss with another, the seed just refused to take.

And yet they were happy. John's father died young from a heart attack caused by eating too many greasy foods, and John, who was a natural businessman, quickly took the family company by the reins and led them all to ever greater fortune.

But how can I tell you what it was that broke their happiness? It was not an evil witch or a devil king. It wasn't her husband's inattentiveness or arguments over infertility. It most certainly wasn't the buxom woman who Jasmine caught out of the corner of her eye sometimes was she walked along the beach. It was something both more simple and more complex, more sinister and mundane.

It was the monster of tabloid media!

The local newspaper, on the five year anniversary of their marriage, decided to print the unbelievable tell-all story of the remarkable McKinley. The company's stock quickly tumbled. No one was willing to trust the judgment of a man married to some monstrous mixed-blood whore, and nothing John could do seemed able to save the company.

The couple fought for the first time, though it didn't last long. John hit Jasmine across the face and she ran out of the house. A witness saw her going towards the ocean. She was never heard of again.

Fifty years later, the McKinley Oil and Fishing Company was a major world power and Jasmine Coleman was still a slender woman with short black hair that seemed to kiss the sides of her face as she moved.

She still fucked with her legs thrown high above her head but she was no longer a married woman. She chose her partners nearly indiscriminately, like all others of her kind.

But she still did enjoy walking onto oil platforms and seducing a wayward worker or two while no one was looking. And for a time, she could taste heaven on the tip of her tongue. She drove men wild. More than one jumped into the ocean after her and drowned. It was very bad for morale. One or twice a secretary or a receptionist, or, heaven forbid, a female engineer, would be wooed away and simply disappeared off the rig, but unlike the men, their bodies were never recovered.

Jasmine walked along the beach alone, taking in the sights without really being seen. It still sort of surprised her how invisibly she could wind her way through a crowd even when completely naked and she wondered vaguely when was the last time she really felt seen. Even the men she fucked were more decorations than sex partners, nothing more than animated dildos, really, and what did it matter if a dildo noticed you? 
