 Mr. Johannson's balls were slapping my chin with such ferocity I was afraid I was hurting him.

Kneeling above my face, holding my head in place, he brutally shoved his hard cock in-and-out of my mouth while his scrotum banged into my face. If I hadn't been so incredibly turned-on, I would have thought the act of force-fucking my open mouth to be demeaning and degrading. 

My pussy was far too wet for me to complain now...anyway, I had willingly signed the contract and was bound by the law to accept his penis in whatever manner he chose. I couldn't believe how hard I was sucking on his glans; licking at his slit; and the incredible longing and arousal I felt in my wide-open pussy.

"PLAY WITH YOUR CUNT!!" he finally ordered.

I was so grateful for that command I mumbled "Thank you, Sir" into the hard shaft that was pistoning in-and-out of my mouth. My hand flew between my obscenely split thighs and furiously rubbed the hairless folds of my sex.

His grunts and groans filled the room---he was straining to cum---I knew Mr. Johannson's wife hadn't moved to Flowerton yet so it was my responsibility to drain his balls.

I'd read a series of articles in the newspaper, and even watched a feature on Fox news explaining the necessity of a woman performing her duties and ensuring her man's balls were completely emptied on a daily basis. They said: a back-up of sperm and semen was harmful to not only his physical health, but to his mental and emotional well-being, too.

Not-too-long-ago, feminist women would have raised holy hell with stories like that, but ever since 6/6 they were commonplace in the papers and on television. More and more articles referenced a 'Woman's Duty' to provide her man with as many orgasms as he wanted. 

It was no longer legal for a woman to refuse sex. The scholars and pundits debated the language of the law, as to whether it meant a woman must submit to her husband or boyfriend, or if it meant a woman had to submit to any man who demanded sex from her.

It had been decided, however, that while husband's had a legal right to their wives bodies, women could still say 'no' to boyfriends and strangers. 

One Fox pundit opined that "...the fact they were born female gave them an automatic obligation to submit to men...but I do understand that if men are allowed to forcibly take any woman they desired...the country's goals and work-requirements may suffer." 

But what had amazed Judith was the short amount of time it took to go from women having the right to say 'No'---to women could be legally punished for refusing sex with their husbands. If 9/11 had been the day the world changed---6/6 was the day the world as we knew it ended.

Life for the average person made a terrifying retreat back to the stone age...nothing was sacred; the day after 6/6, 'martial law' was declared, and the Constitution and Bill of Rights were suspended in the name of fighting Terrorism.

Hardly a whimper was heard from the average citizen when tanks and troops entered every major city in the country. On the contrary, Fox news hailed them as conquering heroes; saving 'Our Way of Life' against savage Terrorists who would like nothing better than to slaughter every man, woman and child in America!

"We are in a fight for our very survival," said Fox news, "...and sacrificing a few liberties for the safety of all is essential, and down-right patriotic...those who disagree should be dealt with swiftly, and severely...up to, and including internment to the Regional Behavioral Correction Centers until such a time as they understand their patriotic duties."

"We are in a historic clash of civilizations," Fox went on to say, "...and it is the duty of every man, woman and child in our great country to pledge allegiance to our flag, and to our leaders...only when "We the People" demonstrate our acceptance and obedience to our Superiors, can America ever truly be regarded a 'free nation' once again."  

This strange new world terrified not only Judith, but most of the women she knew. It seemed to the women they no longer had any rights whatsoever; the simple act of refusal could land them a thirty-day sentence in the newly-opened Behavioral Correction Center...women were confused and very afraid...it seemed as though vague, new laws were being passed every day that could send them to the BCC.

And what horrified Judith most were the stories she'd heard of women serving their sentences only to be released with the provision they were required to work in one of the many newly-legal brothels that were springing-up everywhere.

Judith knew one woman, Maria, an attractive housewife her age who'd refused sex with her husband; he complained to law enforcement officials who charged her with 'insubordination to a man' and was sentenced to the BCC.

Once there, she suffered shock treatments and many personal indignities designed to teach recalcitrant women never to refuse a man's sexual demands. When she was released, to prove she had been 'rehabilitated,' she was required to work thirty additional days in a brothel.

The boom in construction and hiring by the Army meant millions of new jobs for men...jobs that required them to be away from their wives and girlfriends for long periods of time. Thus the demand for brothels to take care of these men's 'sexual needs'.

Judith heard a rumor that Maria, now working at a brothel, was required to service, at the very least, twenty-men each and every day. If she refused, or performed poorly, she would be sent back to the BCC for further 'rehabilitation' and back to the brothel again until she successfully completed the requirements.

This is what women now faced in their everyday lives. Unless they could show 'Proof of Employment' papers, they faced the risk of detainment; women now feared going anywhere in public unescorted by a man.

She suddenly heard Mr. Johannson cry out: "YES-YES-YESSSSSSSS...."

Judith forgo her own pleasure to concentrate on gulping-down his spunk. She had once missed swallowing a single drop of his jizz and he'd spanked her until her bottom was raw and she was crying like a little girl.

Judith thinks he has a split-personality: Before and after sex, he is kind and gentle; caring, even affectionate...but as soon as his penis begins to rise, he becomes unreasonable, unyielding in his demands; a totally different man.

This is why she now believes all those stories about a 'Woman's Duty'...once she empties his balls, he becomes a man she admires and respects; even dare-say, a man she has feelings for. 

Sometimes when he is finished with her, and she is driving home, she is overcome with such heartache it brings tears to her eyes. She scolds and castigates herself for being foolish enough to believe a client could have personal feelings for her.

GROW-UP, JUDITH, her mind shouts. TO HIM, YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A WHORE...if the day ever comes when you can no longer get his dick hard---he will discard you like yesterdays trash!

She felt him shift his weight forward...uh-oh, she thought---here we go again!

He stopped when his buttocks were directly over her face. She knew what was expected of her. 

She reached up and pried open his asscheeks until she was staring at his brown hole. He lowered himself until his anus was firmly pressing against her mouth. She placed her lips around his nether hole, curled her tongue, and immediately slid it inside his asshole. 

It wasn't so much the disgusting act he forced her to perform; it was the fact he'd get so excited by her long tongue slithering in-and-out of his asshole that he sometimes pressed down so hard on her face she couldn't breathe. 

This is why to him, it appeared she loved tongue-fucking his hole, when in fact, it was a matter of survival---the faster she could get his cock hard, the sooner he would climb off her face and she would be able to gulp down fresh air.

As usual, she allowed her mind to wander. This was an act for which she didn't want to give much thought.

Her son had been weighing heavily on her mind in recent days. His job at the hardware store was coming to an end, and she was fearful for his future. 

He's such a wonderful boy---so smart and funny...and cute as a bug. It drove her crazy when she thought about his physical appearance: he is so small in stature and so darn good-looking, no matter how much she tried to avoid thinking about it, the conversation she'd had with Ric Massengale would forever be stamped in her brain.

"You know, Judith," he'd said to her. "I understand John will be out of work soon...I am looking for a boy just like him..."

Hearing those words had given her great hope. Mr. Massengale was one of the most powerful men in town, if he would hire John, her fears for his future would be gone.

"Oh, Mr. Massengale---that would be wonderful!" she gushed.

"Yes, he is a cute little thing isn't he?" he said.

Alarm bells went off in her head. "Uh...what do you mean by that, Sir?"

"My dear, your son would make an excellent Personal Assistant, don't you agree?" he'd said with a wink of an eye.

Her skin crawled; a strong jolt of shock and despair raced up her spine.

"NO-NO-NO...he's more useful than THAT," she'd protested. "He's practically a computer genius, Mr. Massengale---don't you have anything in your computer department?"

"Judith, boys like John, with absolutely no computer education other than high school are a dime-a-dozen...and, in the 'New Economy' he doesn't have any other marketable skills...perhaps what I could do is hire him as an unpaid intern until he acquired the necessary knowledge companies need these days...of course, in the meantime...."

Judith knew all-to-well what he meant by '...of, course, in the meantime'...but it was one thing for her to be a PA---she damn-well didn't want her only son to have to sink to her level.

Until her conversation with Mr. Massengale, Judith conceded she had been rather naïve about the world around her. It hadn't occurred to her that some men would hire other males as Personal Assistants. 

She heard Mr. Johannson groan loudly above her as her tongue licked the walls of his asshole.

OH MY GOD...an ugly, horrible and unacceptable thought crept into her mind---WOULD MR. MASSENGALE FORCE MY LITTLE BOY TO DO THIS FOR HIM?

Lucky for her, Mr. Johannson had achieved another erection, so she could push that nasty image of her son far out of her mind.

She took several deep gulps of air when he lifted himself from her face. Her pussy was drenched as she found herself wondering in what position she would be sodomized today. She had grown to love the feel of his hardness inside her 'back there.'

I saw her the second I walked thru the front door at work: A tall and statuesque brunette, a full bosom and such a pretty face I felt my dick stir inside my briefs.

"JOHN," Mr. Jensvold called to me, "I want you to meet Ms. Hatfield---she's the head of the new All-American store!"

I took her slender hand in mine and gently squeezed and said, "Hello, it's a pleasure to meet you!"

To my surprise, she squeezed my hand hard and said, "My-my---you're a cute little bugger, aren't you?"

I blushed a deep-red. In these times, it was rare to hear a woman talk and act with such boldness. There were very few women remaining in positions of power.

Mr. Jensvold quickly intervened. "Ms. Hatfield has made an 'offer' on our remaining inventory."

By the way he emphasized 'offer' I knew it was one he was not happy with.

"Oh---uh, good," was all I could say; I immediately blushed again at my tongue-tied behavior. The beautiful woman definitely made me nervous.

"I have to be going," she announced; then spoke to Mr. Jensvold. "If you agree to my terms, give my assistant, Bradley, a call."

Then she turned to me, reached into her jacket pocket and handed me a card.

"Cutie, do you have a job lined-up after this one?" she asked with a sly smile on her face.

I blushed again---DAMMIT!!

"Uh, well...I---"

"Give me a call," she said not waiting for my answer. "I already have a 'position' in mind for you, Sweetie!" 

She winked at me then turned and left the store leaving me standing there red-faced and embarrassed. I couldn't figure out why I had a hard-on.

Jennifer McBride took a deep breath as she turned the doorknob to Mr. Mellon's office. She forced her mind to retreat into her 'safe place'...it would drive her insane if she allowed herself to dwell on what the old pervert made her do.

The moment she shut the door she heard him speak from behind his desk.

"We have a big news day ahead of us---let's not waste any time...take-off your blouse and bra and sit on the sofa!" he commanded.

"Yes, Sir," was her expected reply.

She no longer felt shame or embarrassment by his outrageous and crude demands. She told herself: "This is a business deal---pure and simple!"

She deftly unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She folded it neatly on the armrest of the sofa. She casually reached behind, unfastened the brassiere and placed it on her blouse.

"Bend over and shake your titties for me!" he ordered.

Oh God, this is new! she thought. She did as she was told. 

She felt the weight of her pendulous breasts suspended in mid-air and rolled her shoulders until her full breasts were swaying gently back-and-forth. 

No matter how much she prepared her mind, he always managed to come up with a new way to thoroughly humiliate her. She guessed he was still getting even with her for rejecting his advances for so long.

"ARE YOU FORGETTING SOMETHING?" he said sharply.

She felt her eyes moisten as they looked up from the floor. She stared into his beady brown eyes, just as he always demanded. She felt the familiar sickness take hold of her belly...now the redness of shame spread across her pretty face.

He chuckled and said, "Good girl."

He went back to some papers in front of him, but she didn't dare take her eyes off him. She kept her breasts swaying though he wasn't watching her now. This was when she felt the lowest...when he made her perform an obscene act while he wasn't even watching her.

He finally rose from the desk and said, "Take off your panties and sit on the sofa...then raise your skirt and show me again how much you love to masturbate!"

"Y-Yes, Sir," she said, hoping he didn't hear the cracking of her voice; she didn't want to give him the satisfaction of her shame.

She reached under her skirt and worked her panties down and off, and placed them with the rest of her clothing. She sat down, raised the hem of her skirt to just below her breasts, then knowing full-well what he wanted to see, placed her feet on the sofa cushions on either side of her. She pushed her knees as far apart as possible and knew he was staring at her fully-exposed, and already-wet pussy.

He chuckled and said, "Good girl---you're such a slut! You love showing your wet cunt to anyone willing to look!"

She hesitated too long.

"WHAT DID YOU SAY? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!" he bellowed at the trembling girl.

"YES, SIR---I LOVE SHOWING MY WET CUNT TO EVERYONE WHO WANTS TO SEE IT!!" she said.

"Good girl," he said with another evil chuckle. "What are you waiting for---PLAY WITH YOUR CUNT!!"

"YES, SIR!!" she answered and her hands flew between her wide-split thighs and frantically worked at her pussy.

Her pussy was drenched. She hated her body for getting so aroused by such perverted demands. She used one hand on her breasts; pinching and rolling the hardened nipples while she fondled and stroked her prominent clitoris.

The office door suddenly opened, and in walked Mr. Mellon's long-time secretary, Miss Bevis.

GOD DAMN THAT WOMAN, thought Jennifer. She sure has a knack for walking in when I'm in the middle of humiliating myself!

"I have the papers you need to sign, I'll put them on your desk," she said to her boss. Jennifer could tell by the tone of her voice the woman was smiling and enjoying Jennifer's predicament.

"Miss Bevis, would you like to come over here and watch the show our pretty girl is giving me?" asked Mellon.

Both females knew his question was more a command than request.

"Yes, Sir," she chirped happily. She sat on the floor beside his leg and promptly placed her hand on the bulge in his trousers.

"May I touch it, Sir?" she asked gazing at the lump in his pants.

"Yes, you may!" he replied.

"Thank you, Sir," she said as she worked down the zipper and reached inside his slacks and boxers and firmly took hold of his erect manhood.

Jennifer's face was really burning now as the older woman stared at her 'performance'...the smugness never leaving her lips; her hand slowly moving inside Mr. Mellon's slacks.

The woman was twenty-years older than Jennifer and devoted to Mr. Mellon. She wasn't a beautiful woman, more handsome than pretty, but she obviously worked-out to keep her body and figure in perfect shape.

And it had become obvious to Jennifer that the woman was truly devoted to her boss...that she was actually in love with the hideous little man and would refuse him nothing. She had remained unmarried and loyal to Mr. Mellon all these years.

Jennifer wondered if the woman was foolish enough to believe that he would divorce his wife, and marry her. 

Why not? thought Jennifer. Women in love delude and lie to themselves every day.

Jennifer finally felt the heat in her crotch grow hotter and wetter. She vigorously frigged her clit now; openly, wantonly giving herself pleasure before the interested spectators. She caved-in and abandoned any remaining vestiges of modesty.

"OH-GOD---OH-GOD---YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSS...." she cried out as her body rocked and rolled with an explosive orgasm. 

While she was horrified and abhorred by The New World Order, she admitted she enjoyed much of the new sexual freedom the NWO had bestowed upon women...but she knew it was more 'forced' than 'bestowed' on women.

Jennifer gulped air; her thighs still wide-apart; her nether regions obscenely exposed to their curious eyes. She hated their laughter; their ridiculing demeanor; worst of all, she knew she wasn't done yet...Mr. Mellon hadn't ejaculated, and she wondered what ingenious humiliation he would inflict upon her now.

"Good girl," he finally said. "That was a splendid performance...now come over here on your hands and knees!"

Jennifer did as she was told; acutely aware of her swinging breasts below her as she made her way to the two of them.

"My dear Miss Bevis, I believe I would enjoy using your deliciously tight bottomhole this afternoon...would you enjoy that too?" he said to his secretary.

She instantly said: "Oh yes, Sir---I love feeling you inside me back there!"

"Good girl...why don't you stand and bend-over placing your hands on the seat cushion?" he instructed the older woman.

"YES, SIR!" she answered enthusiastically. And before she bent over, she undid the bodice to her dress allowing her breasts to spill out. After all these years, she instinctively knew what Mr. Mellon enjoyed.

He patted her bottom thru the dress and said, "You are a wonderful girl!"

"Thank you, Sir!" she replied.

He raised the hem of her dress exposing her panty-clad buttocks and said to Jennifer: "Take down her panties and lubricate her asshole with your tongue!"

"Y-Yes, Sir," she meekly responded.

Jennifer had never performed analingous on anyone until she signed the PA contract with Mr. Mellon. Now it was routine, an almost every day occurrence.

Once Jennifer took down the lime-green panties, Miss Bevis spread her legs far apart and reached back and opened her buttocks and exposed her anus to the younger woman's gaze.

Jennifer wasted no time and burrowed her tongue into the older woman using her saliva to coat the walls of her asshole. Jennifer could feel the extreme heat from the older woman's drenched pussy. She plunged her tongue into her cunt, gathered all the wetness she could then pushed it back into the woman's asshole.
