 Lena dropped out of the helicopter and glided down and into the crowd, landing softly, despite dropping some thirty meters, though her large bare breasts whacked her in the face as she crouched to dissipate the momentum.

Everywhere around, there were piles of flesh and blood, the likes of which were rarely seen outside the most brutal of televised massacres, or the most popular of first-person video games.  There was barely a square foot where a man didn't lay, either dead or dying, gasping his last breath dramatically, like on a modern rendition of an old civil war photograph.

The corpse of a nameless worker lay on his back, thumbing his nose at no one in particular. His vacant gaze somehow penetrating. His dress pants were down around his ankles and he was sporting a tremendous erection, which apparently was unaffected by the death of the body it was attached to.

There were literally dozens of bloody nymph bodies that have been shot up to twenty times, because they just refused to die.

One nymph had crawled nearly to the edge of the rig, leaving a trail of congealing blood behind her, before finally collapsing, her head and arm dangling precariously over the crashing waves a hundred feet below.

It was truly a terrible sight to behold, a field of death, blood and terror created from the flesh of workers and the cold, heartless body of iron and concrete that formed the once very profitable oil ring.  There was a sort of subtle poetry to that, Lena thought, a unique and appreciated pain that tickled her deliciously. 

It provided a sharp contrast to her long, immortal years of sex, orgies and power.

She tilted her head to the side like a curious predator and watched the pieces of gray matter that used to comprise Chastity's brain begin to pulse and crawl back towards their mistress. 

The sight gave Lena an odd feeling, strangely nostalgic. It penetrated her to the core and made the breath catch in her throat.

She couldn't held staring at the bits of brain, which were writhing with the intensity of a cat watching a bit of string. She was completely hypnotized by it.

It was terrible and compelling, watching another woman go through what she did over a hundred years ago, and it was happening all around her, this terrible scene from a B-rate horror movie.

Hands crawled back onto arms, balancing on their fingers like human spiders. Bullets popped out of closing wounds, blood reabsorbed itself into the bodies of apparent corpses. Bones began to re-knit as life began to renew itself.

Lena swore loudly and spat oh the ground next to Chastity's bloody torso. She crossed herself instinctually, and then, catching herself, laughed at her sudden renewed reverence.

Chastity stirred and groaned weakly, her brain reconstituting enough to allow her to register her surroundings. Lena couldn't help but notice that the young nymph's voice was wracked with pain. She smiled and cupped Chastity's shoulder affectionately.

Nymphs who were more or less whole began to finger themselves desperately, completely heedless of the orgy of blood and death around them. Their moaning was full of desperation and longing, with an ample dose of self-pity.

On the other side of the platform, the woman Maria had been licking began to twitch and open her eyes, taking in the scene around her. She screamed and screamed. Lena felt almost as though the woman was giving voice to her own feelings, and at the same time more than anything she wanted to stuff a sock in the woman's mouth and throw her into the ocean where she belonged.

How long had Lena been a nymph? Two hundred years? How many times did she have to see the same damn scenario play out?

She was so fucking sick of women being unable to put up with their transformations. What about eternal youth and beauty and incredible nonstop orgies was so damn hard to get used to?

Though the screaming continued for a couple more minutes, before the woman finally passed out from the strain, Lena did not stop to pay it any more attention. After all, she had work to do.

The special forces team that had shot all the nymphs had left half an hour ago. Lena and her nymphs had arrived too late for revenge, but not too late to provide a little comfort to the girls who were undergoing the pain and terrible horniness associated with resurrection.

Alexandra jumped down with another two nymphs, carrying a supply of emergency supplies and rations. No matter how good the nymphs were at gathering their body parts, there would be a serious loss of blood and tissue that ought to be replaced as soon as possible.

Of course, supplies were limited, and so were nymphs with any medical training. To any mortal, it would have seemed a total waste to be giving drugs to what was obviously nothing more than mutilated corpses, but there wasn't a single mortal left on the platform to complain. None of them stood a chance of surviving the onslaught.

Alexandra nodded her head in recognition of the ancient nymph and commander and smiled at her reassuringly. She then walked of, somberly surveying the damage.

A nymph with some medical training opened an IV kit gave Chastity's re-growing head and torso intravenous fluids and morphine, before also running off to find other bodies that might be whole enough to treat.

Lena, having finished her survey and found no one in greater need of her services, knelt down and began to lick Chastity's pussy. Chastity opened her eyes groggily, and began to moan and gasp appreciatively. Lena smiled into her cunt and continued to lick as Chastity healed. 

Chastity was disoriented from a combination of the pain-killer and the sudden loss and recovery of half of her brain. She went on and on, telling the long story about how she had ended up fucking both her father and brother, and how she sometimes still felt bad about that.

Lena smiled to herself. Chastity would have never spoken so openly with her under normal circumstances. The emotional closeness, no matter how transient, made Lena feel truly young and beautiful, a feeling she hadn't experienced since she lay on the beach masturbating her broken body back into shape. Plus, the story was just really hot.

Chastity began to clutch at her breasts and tug at her own hardening nipples as Lena continued to lick her to climax.

On the other side of the rig, the woman who Maria had saved looked down at Maria's tongue in her pussy. She screamed and pushed her savior away, kicking her hard in the head. 

Maria, who was beginning to come around and was already in great pain, growled miserably. She sounded a bit like a wounded dog, fighting off an arrogant youngster.

"Evil, evil! You terrible bitch! You dirty slut! How dare you!" the newly transformed Nymph screamed, balling her hands into fists.  Maria, who looked like she had taken a bullet in the heart winced at the woman's foul words, and for a moment looked like she was going to die.

"You fucking lesbian! Don't you know that you'll burn in hell for all eternity for what you did to me? If you're going to go about and spread your lust, you're going to have to do it to someone else! I refuse to let you taint me!" The woman shrieked in a state of mindless horror. 

Alexandra gave her a good kick in the side, bound her up with a thick rope and stuffed a sock in her mouth to quiet her, taking perhaps a little too much pleasure in the action. Maria noticed in amusement that her old partner fingered her wet pussy a little while she worked. They were all beyond much sympathy for the pathetic foul-mouthed addition to their coven. Despite the lethal injuries she had suffered as a mortal, she was recovering well now, and had by every stretch of the imagination given up the right to special treatment.

The bound woman gasped and moaned and called what the two older nymphs thought was a man's name and a lot more cursing. Big fat tears began to roll down her cheeks theatrically, as if she was in the process of being sold into sexual servitude. 

It was obvious that she would have trouble adjusting to her new elevated arousal.

Everywhere, the nymphs that could move were crawling on all fours, wedging their wet snatches into each other's mouths and riding them like cocks. For once, everyone wanted to be pleasured and no one wanted to give. Only after an orgasm or two would the risen get back enough strength that the act of sex became something desirable, not merely something to feed their starving bodies.

It was hours before the orgy died down enough for the nymphs to lead the newly initiated girls into the helicopters, so the clan could return to base.

---

Chastity was still getting used to riding in a helicopter, and it didn't help that her newly reformed body was still aching with the aftermath of her death. Nor did she find the sight of thirty bound and gagged women weeping and riding their own heels in a continual state of supernatural frustration at all comforting.

It wasn't so long ago that she had been just like that, fighting with every fiber of her will to deny her new slutty nature. She had struggled against the currents, swimming upstream back to her home in Portland, where she had given into the temptation of sleeping with her father and brother, the two men she loved in the world more than everything.

It was still like an open wound for her, and even so much more now that she had a taste of what death felt like. The terrible nauseating sensation of the bullet to the head had brought the memory to mind with a potency she hadn't imagined possible. She felt incredibly guilty and dirty, having so twisted and perverted her relationship with her family.

Nothing more than that, not even her own unnatural sexual longing, made her so acutely aware of what she was now and everything she had given up in order to pursue her own lust and passion.

The helicopter tore across the water, and Chastity's heart leapt up into her throat with it and she blinked back tears, staring without really seeing at the mass of bound women writhing on the dirty steel floor.

Had it all been worth it? She couldn't say. She didn't even know how one could to measure such a thing, but she did know that she enjoyed being a nymph. She loved orgies and she loved the never-ending flow of pleasure that left her feeling more awake, more alive than she ever felt as a mortal.

Suddenly, the helicopter dropped into the ocean. Rather than be dashed against the waves, it was surrounded by a clear bubble. It glided threw the water like a submarine. Steadily approaching the castle embedded in an underwater mountain, Lena's hideout.

Chastity could see a bubble with the other helicopter a ahead of them, though she knew she was not seeing it with the usual senses, for the water was murky and dark.

They entered through a special gate designed to compensate for the change in pressure, and the highest-level nymphs brought the captives out from the aircraft, still bound and gagged.

Lena herself led John McKinley, the CEO of the McKinley Oil and Fishing Company, and apparently, if the stories were to be believed, some bizarre form of supernatural creature.

Chastity couldn't help but stare after them. She was too low on the totem pole to do more than help guard a small group of new nymphs Alia was in charge of.

She was a more than a little surprised when Lena opened the door to one of their many elaborate bed chambers, thrust Jasmine and the bound Mr. McKinley inside, and locked them in.

What the hell was she thinking?

Alia nudged Chastity in the ribs and pointed ahead to one of the larger recreation rooms, where they were to lead their captives for intensive training.

Chastity winced. The prospect of spending the next couple hours training the less than willing women of the McKinley company to be good little sluts for Lena was less than appealing.

She swallowed her pride and walked into the room. After all, it wasn't like she could take back what had happened to these women. Any help she could give them to ease the transition was probably a good thing.

Besides, there was bound to be a lot of hot lesbian action.

Alia sat the girls down one by one and slowly cut away their bindings.  There was a lot of cursing and mad weeping that really got to Chastity, but Alia took it all in stride and her friend couldn't help but wonder how many times before she had been made to perform this function for the coven.

"Welcome home," Alia said casually when most of the women had either cried or cursed themselves horse, which fortunately didn't take very long. "From this day on you're nymphs, and that means that you are sexual creatures. You will engage in orgies, you will not care whether your partner is male or female. It will not matter who you were, or how you were raised, your bodies crave what they crave and you can't afford to deny it. To keep yourself clothed or deprived is nothing more than meaningless self-mutilation, unless it is ordered by your superiors. From now on, guilt and denial are the only sins. You've been made immortal! Now is the time to live!" Alia ended dramatically.

"But I'm so horny!" one of the new nymphs moaned. "I've never been this desperate, not even on my honeymoon when I purposely deprived myself for months so I'd be all worked up!"

Alia nodded but didn't say anything.

"I didn't even know women could enjoy sex, before I became a nymph," Chastity admitted. "I thought it was just something they put up with so men would want to marry them."

Another young nymph, who was sobbing quietly, stared up at her with wide-open eyes. 

"But I've learned that being a nymph is fun. It's so much better than being mortal, I wouldn't give it up for anything. But enough theory. Let's get to the practical portion of this course. Everyone get in groups of three and we'll practice."

"Do we really need to?" one of the neophytes protested. But she was already down on her hands and knees, being pleasured by another nymph.

The hot action Chastity predicted had begun. The sound of slurping filled the room, and completely without instruction, the new nymphs found themselves inserting fingers, hands and tongues into each other's sopping wet cunts, enlightened by their own supernatural horniness.

Chastity shuddered with longing and Alia grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to the floor, wedging her tongue into her hole. Chastity felt another woman's fingers press into her anus and wasn't entirely sure who it was.

Alia pulled the horny nymphs apart for a time so she could be double-penetrated by Chastity and another nymph donning strap-ons.

Then Alia demonstrated the fine art of milking a fat cock to climax with only her cleavage, and Chastity interrupted with a talk on the theory and practice of deep-throating massive members.

The new nymphs practiced on everything there was: dildos, bananas, cucumbers, strap-ons. It was really quite festive.

By the time Alia and Chastity were out of ideas, their students were all ready for actions, and they broke up the class to help make preparations for the ceremonial orgy that Lena was preparing. 

---



Jasmine

It had been five hours since Lena locked Jasmine and the bound John McKinley, whom she for some reason insisted on calling Vanya, in one of the luxurious bedrooms of her underwater headquarters. She had been kind enough to leave enough room between his bindings that Jasmine could have the pleasure of fucking her ex-husband, provided she put his cock in herself and do all the work. The old couple was been doing a lot of catching up for lost time.

John was really good at getting it up for an old guy, though he had developed a peculiar fetish for getting a blowjob in a mouth filled with his own cum, something that frankly Jasmine just didn't get.

Still, it was nice to have her old husband back, even though it was she who had left him for being an asshole. Down in Lena's lair, there were no racial distinctions, no wealth or media to get in the way of their relationship, only John's impending execution, and they were both purposely doing anything but thinking of that.

In between rounds of sex, and sometimes during, Jasmine told her husband about her life as a nymph and told him of some of her greatest sexual conquests. None of it seemed so hollow now, with him there, and they both laughed and sometimes they had to stop and fuck because the story had made the old man hard again.

The loneliness Jasmine felt for the last fifty years was gone, and it was though she had been born again. If only she could untie her husband so she could feel his arms wrapped around her, oh, that would be delicious, but Lena had made it clear, in no uncertain terms, that she would be tortured far more than any mortal could survive and for much longer, if she interfered with the extermination of precious Vanya.

And what the devil was Lena doing now, and the other nymphs too? They were making preparations for some elaborate ritual that would mean the end of her husband. Alexandra had come to the thick wood door and informed her of the situation in Morse code while they were fucking, but Jasmine didn't know any details.

Whether Alexandra had been punished, or whether the preparations were just keeping her too busy to slip away, there had been no more cryptic knocks on the thick wooden door, and Jasmine was at her wits' end.

She swung her husband over her back and put him in the king-sized bed, crawling in next to him and wrapping her arm around him, the way she had done years ago, when she was a human and they were married.

How was it that her body still remembered and responded to that simple comfort after all she had been through? Why did she crave the touch and feel of one man when she had so many others, and women too? A woman's body, even a nymph's, seemed to be a mystery that way, and Jasmine thought that it was an ungodly twist of fate and estrogen fluctuations that caused women to suffer so.

Jasmine heard something from behind the door. At first she thought that it was Alexandra, back with more information, but then she heard the clunk of the slab of wood that was blocking the door being removed. Her heart sank.

It was finally time. She sat up and pushed her husband to sitting. She held his head as though to protect him, though she knew it was futile, and she cursed herself for being too afraid of Lena's threats to protect the man she loved. Could she even call herself human if she buckled so easily?

She shook herself. There would be plenty of time to chastise herself later, when John was dead. She gulped and tried not to think of that. The most important thing now was that he was alive and there. The man that she loved was there, and he loved her and wanted to be with her. She was going to be with him every possible minute, to make sure he didn't suffer any more than she could help, but mostly just to be there and to be with him, to soak up as much of the wonderful tingling warmth that she felt having him near and to feel the longing for his body that never seemed to leave her.

Lena herself appeared at the door with Sophie and Maria to escort McKinley to his ritual execution.

Jasmine grabbed John by the hand and they walked side by side, like they had done at their wedding. Neither of them wanted to think of what would happen next. They just put one foot in front of the other mindlessly, and every room seemed like every other, though they knew in their hearts that ever step was taking them closer and closer to their doom.

Maria gave Jasmine a sympathetic look, but Jasmine was too far inside herself and her future loss to notice, let alone appreciate it.

Lena laughed. "Oh, Vanya, you do know how to be melodramatic. Why don't you come out and be yourself, so your young bride realizes what a bastard you really are and doesn't feel the need to mourn over you? Or do you no longer get your jollies out of hacking women to pieces and eating their hearts, like you did when I was a mortal?"
