 Once there was a little boy who never really grew up, but only grew older. As he grew to a respectable age, he never became anything resembling a respectable adult. He was also rather shorter than average.

As the years flew by, this midget of a man grew more and more frantic because it became obvious that he couldn't live forever. His knees began to ache as he walked and it took longer and longer for his heart to stop racing after he exerted himself in the garden.

But he was a very clever person, and so he devised a plan.

He sat down in the library of his big mansion and went to work, studying dark magic. In the pages of an old tattered book with odd figures he discovered a spell that would do the trick. He placed his soul in a needle and hid it among some straw contained within a goose egg, which lay inside a treasure box set into the shell of one the turtles who hold up the world. And that's how he became immortal.

But just because a person is very rich and very smart doesn't make him very kind or virtuous, and this boy-turned-old-man had a very peculiar disposition. He never bathed more than two times a year, so he was usually quite smelly, and he always walked around in sperm-covered pants. But perhaps most peculiar of all, he had a strange appetite for human hearts.

And so he still lives today, cummy pants and all, taking big bites out of the hearts of great men to make himself strong. As centuries passed, he had withered down to nothing and became invisible. His presence is felt in the puzzling hollow sound in the voices of heartless people. 

----

1762

Lena looked up at the moon with her right eye, this being one of the few parts of her body still properly attached to her brain. Her torso lay on the beach half a mile away, and she could still feel it vaguely through a supernatural haze of pain. Her arms and legs had been eaten by fish in the time between when she was thrown into the sea and when she washed up onto the beach. Her left eye was also plucked out and eaten, and that's why she had to look at the moon with only her right eye.

It was almost unnaturally bright and she had trouble focusing because of the pain. She knew that half a mile away the flesh of her shoulders was elongating into new arms and the bottom of her torso into hips and legs. She could feel the pain as new nerves were created. It was almost as unpleasant as being hacked apart by the axe had been, but the pain was more drawn out and almost more bearable. And somewhere on top of everything, she felt her crotch begin to burn again, in the eternal ache to touch and be touched, a hundred times her usual lust, so that every ounce of her was positively shaking from withdrawal, and her bloody lips trembled and kissed at the night sky as if she was a fish gasping for air as it flaps helplessly on the sand. Her right eye began to blur and the bright moon seemed to lose focus. Her head ached like crazy, her existence was excruciating, the mere concept of thought was incomprehensible. Salt water mixed with tears ran down her face as she bit her lips, straining to hold in the pain. At least she knew she would eventually be whole again and the pain would stop. She knew this instinctively, like salmon know how to find the river from which they had hatched, though what was left of her rational mind thought this to be impossible.

Lena willed her newly regenerated arms to caress her torso as it lay on the beach, gasping pathetically as her new fingers began to pinch her clit and nipples. She was biting her lips so hard that she could taste fresh blood flowing into her mouth, and she swallowed it quickly to keep it from getting in the way. It tasted awfully bitter and salty, and she could feel the pain welling in her eyes. She continued to pinch and stroke herself as though fighting for life.

Her grip felt awkward, as though she was masturbating with a rubber hose rather than using her own hand, and her fingers kept slipping from her clit so that she had a hard time making any progress. One moment she would be approaching climax and the next her rubbery fingertips would fall to the side and the sensation would be gone. It was infuriating! She bit her lip even harder and forced herself to concentrate though the haze of pain and arousal. She needed this orgasm, she needed it the way she once needed to breathe the air.

The tears began to fall more quickly and the trembling became even stronger. Her whole body, still in two pieces, shook uncontrollably as though she were two pieces of a frog shocked back to life by a jolt of electricity. She gasped pathetically and her rubbery new hand slipped into the sand, no longer able to move, as though she used up all her ability to concentrate on it. It was as if whatever power she had had to hold her body together had finally broken and all was finally and completely lost. Her right eye rolled back in her socket and stared at the moon again. It hadn't been a bad life, even if it was a relatively short one. She had learned that some of the fairy tales were really true. There really were witches at the edge of town and magic potions that could transform a girl forever. And other tales she had believed, that she could learn to love that ugly disagreeable prince she was engaged to and become the happy mistress of her estate, she now knew to be false. The world has become so incredibly clear the moment the axe struck her body. Everything else paled in comparison with this knowledge. It made her feel as though she could simply get up and run around the world without legs.

She tried to will her arm to move again and couldn't. She sighed. The moon was so bright. Now that she was defeated, she felt unbearably cold. 

It seemed to an eternity before she lost consciousness. 

For many days she simply lay on the sand without moving, and whether she was dead or not was something philosophers with nothing else to do could happily debate until the end of time.

Slowly, through of a haze of blissful sleep that masked the pain, her mind simply snapped into place and began to call out to the rest of her body. Her new limbs came to life, shuddering slightly as they recalibrated themselves, and, being called upon by her nerve impulses, began to slowly inch their way towards her head.

----

2007

Lena slowly opened her eyes and lifted herself from the silk covers of her enormous S&M-equipped bed. It was still early morning outside. She could tell as though by a sixth sense, even though there were no clocks in her room and no sunlight through the windows of her underwater lair. This was the morning of the war council, in which it would be decided how best to strike the McKinley Oil and Fishing Company. The thought seemed to bring her body to life and she could feel her breasts tingle. Perhaps she had been a little melodramatic when she had told Nadia and Chastity last night that they were going to war, but nymphs were spontaneous creatures by nature and never let much time elapse between trifles like planning and the fun part, real action. Lena could practically guarantee that the two of them would be flying over an oil rig by noon, ready to have their way with its crew in the most kinky ways imaginable. She could feel her pussy begin to get wet at the thought.

Lena stretched contently, for a moment rejoicing in the fact that she was going to be completely alone for several hours. Part of her felt that it was odd for a woman who spent her long life collecting family members to be capable of soaking up solitude as though she was a sponge absorbing water. But the silence tingled on her skin like a lover's fingers and she was happy to be alive and whole.

What a dream she had had last night, and such a bad omen, to be hacked to pieces the night before the battle. The sight of the moon was still burned into her retina and her limbs still ached with the memory of pain. She found herself trembling wildly, as though she could shake the pain from her body. 

She would never do something so foolish in front of her nymphs. She prided herself on being strong for them, a real princess and a noble leader.

But now, when she was quite sure that everyone she knew was sound asleep and there was only her own face in the mirror for company, she was a little less reluctant to care for her body the way it asked her to. She was able to cast off the team of governesses whose voices still rang in her ears, and be the spoiled child that she really was under all these layers of refinement.

Her fingers twitched. She looked down and saw her round breast, the weight of the flesh causing it to sag slightly under its own weight the way large breasts always do. She took it in her hand and began to cradle it gently, her other hand absent-mindedly slipping between her legs to crease her wet pussy and to tug at her inner lips.

She sighed contently and looked out into the sea. Though she saw better in water than any human, she still could not make out any detail more that ten feet away in the darkness, and that made her feel both safely confined and vulnerable at once. And why could she not get her mind off that moon, no matter how much time seemed to go by?

She plunged a couple of fingers into her pussy and began to pump them almost without thinking. Over time, the act of pleasuring herself had become a deeply engrained behavior, like a child sucking her thumb while holding her security blanket. She rubbed her clit fiercely as though afraid that her fingers would become soft and a slip off like they had in her dream. She stared at a fish swimming outside, smiled softly and orgasmed. She moaned, still cradling her beast as though it belonged to a lover. She pulled her nipple up to her face and began to suck at it hungrily. Her flesh tasted so good to her, it was like the sight of a beloved pet who had been dead many years and who she had never expected to see again.

"What a funny way to think! I must be getting old, after all," she said out loud to the empty bedchamber. Her voice bounced off the walls and startled her slightly, and she laughed it off quickly. People were always a little off in the middle of the night, especially after waking up from a bad dream.

Her fingers were still working their way in her pussy and she quickened her pace until she had another orgasm. It was a little like popping pills to get over a shock, but she forced herself not to think like that. It was counterproductive.

Lena walked out of her bed chamber, still creasing herself intimately, and slammed the door behind her. She made her way down the hallway lined with the enchanted sailors. She reached out and grabbed the cocks of her two favorite statues and said the magical words to bring them back to life.

The man in front of her raised her chin up and kissed her passionately on the lips, before removing himself to being licking the tear drops from her eyelids. It was an oddly intimate gesture. Before now, they had never really been close, just casual lovers, and Lena didn't plan to have any tears in her eyes when she was with him. Toy or not, with him she wasn't alone, and her pride burned in her chest and made her very embarrassed and reluctant to allow any more improper shows of emotion.

She moved her hand from his balls onto his cock possessively and stroked it to hardness. It never took very long, and she liked the way the tool felt in her hand as it began to grow. It somehow reminded her of the way her body had come back to life over two hundred years ago. 

And he was so big, so thick around that it was always a bit of a strain to fit him in her pussy. She rubbed the head against her clit and gasped happily in anticipation. Her partner groaned and grabbed her ass with his rough hands, as if to get back at her for tormenting him with her teasing. Lena giggled happily and a tear rolled down her cheek, completely unnoticed by either of them. She brushed it away without even registering it.

She pushed the man's cock into herself, squeezing his flesh slightly to help fit the thick member into her. The man writhed pathetically, and she smiled brightly, insanely proud of the power she held over him. She began slowly rocking back and forth, pushing the sailor to the ground so she could lie on top of him and fuck without the trouble of holding herself erect.

She felt his cock knock against her g-spot and moaned. The delicious sensation seemed to course through her completely and play against the lingering pain that the terror of her nightmare had conjured.

She felt the tears begin to well in her eyes again and bit her lip hard to hold them in. She quickened her pace on the soldier's cock and wave after wave of pleasure hit her, shaking up all the emotions she was struggling to repress.

Still she continued, steadily increasing her pace until it was maddening. She felt that the sailor's overly large cock was bruising her inside. It manifested itself as a sharper, more lethal pain than the sensation of being stuffed, and it reminded her just enough of her dismemberment that the full moon, which still burned on her retina, seemed to hang on the marble ceiling, as though it was watching over her. She felt the uncontrollable urge to curse it.

But instead, other words began to slip off her lips and she began to tell her story. Before she realized it, she had said everything. She described how the axe felt as it severed her in two, the way the salt water stung her wounds and made her almost wish for death, and finally the horrible hazy pain of her resurrection and the damn moon that seemed to haunt her wherever she went. 

She felt a pair of arms wrap around her and realized, somewhere in the back of her mind, that the second statue she brought to life had stopped listening and decided to take action.

Still, the words poured forth as though all the restraint that held her up for so long had finally broken down.

"I'll kill him!" she gasped, choking on her salty tears. "I'm going to make sure that he's dead once and for all."

The man behind her, who was rubbing his hard cock along the small or her back, said in a soothing voice that he heard tales of her midget prince, who was said to have hacked many beautiful women to death and eaten their hearts before throwing them into the sea. But he was quite sure that the vile man had died a long time ago. Over a century passed since these stories were told.

"No, he's alive," Lena said, shaking her head violently so that her long blond hair swung side to side violently. "I can feel it in my bones. McKinley. John McKinley. He's the man I was engaged to, the man who wanted to consume my heart." Her blue eyes burned bright red. She threw her head back and the expression on her face was no longer serene and noble, but the look of a mad-woman spitting curses at those who scorned her.

The man she was sitting on pushed her backwards so he was on top and pounded her mercilessly, as though raping some stranger, a crazy woman, to prove his own sanity and to keep himself from feeling her pain or seeing her too clearly.

Lena did nothing to protest the treatment. The second man, who had been holding her from behind, was now underneath her, maneuvering his cock into her anus. Lena's breast pressed into the man on top of her and for a while her mind was blissfully quiet. Through her total powerlessness, she temporarily found a semblance of peace.

---- 

Lena didn't know how long she lay on the wooden floor, but the statues of the sailors had returned to their pedestals and she was once again completely alone. The silence seemed to press into her, and every inch of her flesh ached, even though all the scrapes and bites she had accumulated during her early morning threesome had long since healed. 

She always healed, she was always whole, she thought, quickly standing to her feet and brushing her hair back over her shoulder. She swatted some dust of her bottom and assumed her usual regal bearing.

A moment later Persephone appeared from an adjoining hallway and they proceeded silently into the large drawing room where the war council was to be held.

Lena could feel the old fire begin to return to her body. She and her nymphs were finally going to fight her war. Victory was assured, for what man, or even woman, could resist the wiles of a nymph?

She opened the doors of the drawing room, feeling more than her usual amount of pride. The chamber was gorgeous and just a little too extravagant for its intended purpose, not that Lena, who had more than the usual number of years to become accustomed to great wealth, was capable of noticing. 

This was one of the elegant social chambers the nymphs usually occupied and still held most of the soft red sofas, which were pushed together into a rectangle, and a few antique desks and a laptop computer that had been added to imitate a businesslike feel.

Persephone had prepared a PowerPoint presentation with details of the company offices obtained during previous raids.

Quite a few of the nymphs had removed themselves from society before the advent of computers. Others had worked at boring office and secretarial jobs in their prior lives, and were already inflicted with far too many PowerPoint presentations. So, instead of paying attention, the nymphs made liberal use of the wide variety of unusual sex toys that littered the carpet.

Within ten minutes, all hell had broken loose and the sound of moaning was too loud for even the most interested to pay any attention.

Lena snatched the toys away from nymphs and pushed the willing into the water, so they could swim up to the shore and get into helicopters.

----

Carmen had never used a gun before, but she was holding one anyway, an AK-74 assault rifle taken from a stash Nadia had cleverly brought with her. Sex couldn't be a girl's only weapon, even if she was a sea nymph. Chastity held the rifle to her bare breasts like it was a security blanket.

It was Chastity's first time in a helicopter too, and it was unsettling her a bit. Alia put her hand on her knee, but that didn't make her feel any better. Her head was spinning, it was almost as though her life was passing in front of her eyes. She was bent over, feeling like she was going to be sick. Even when Alia's hand moved up and in so she was creasing Chastity's wet cunt, it did little to stop her heart from pounding.

Chastity, along with nearly half of Lena's naked tribe of perpetually horny sea nymphs, was riding in a helicopter piloted by Nadia, who, as it turned out, was remarkably useful for this sort of thing. 

According to orders received during the war council, which lasted a whole fifteen minutes before dissolving into an all-out orgy, they were to make the first significant strike against the McKinley Oil and Fishing Company. Chastity and her team, which included her old friend Alia, the red-haired ex-cop Maria, the busty life guard Angelica and a couple of new girls Chastity had never met before, were going to parachute onto the nearest oil rig and try to take over it as peacefully as possible. The guns were strictly for show, to discourage meaningless and dangerous resistance.

The other nymphs, minus the members who were either too green to be trusted or too busy satisfying their own pleasures to trouble themselves over trifles like war, were in a helicopter flown by Sophie, a short busty Pilipino woman who was an ex-marine. Lena and her team were supposed to break onto the company's headquarters, take hostages and totally trash the place.

It sounded to Chastity as if Lena's group was going to be having all the fun. She still could not be sure that this wasn't all a dream. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't picture herself part of a world where orgies, treasure and immortality were all taken for granted, but sitting in the helicopter heading towards the oil platform, this fantastic world seem all too vivid and real.
