 "Judith, you're awfully quiet tonight... is something wrong?" asked Mary. 

I heard her voice, but not the words. I was holding up a cute bra and panty set pretending to be admiring the sexy lingerie, when in reality my mind was a million - miles away.

"I'm sorry - what did you say?" I asked my friend.

"Sweetie, you've been distracted all night...your eyes have had that blank stare ever since I picked you up...you barely touched your dinner - what's going on? Is this about Johnny?" she asked me. 

The mere mention of my son's name brought tears to my eyes.

"C'mon, I'm taking you out of here," she said, grabbing the lingerie from my hand and replacing it on the rack. She led me to the front door of the store, abruptly stopped, then discretely pointed at a woman talking with a sales clerk.

"Do you know who that woman is?" she asked me in a whisper.

"No...I don't recognize her," I answered softly.

"That's Mr. Mellon's PA...I've seen her here before...she buys all the trashy underwear that poor girl on channel eight has to wear," said Mary, then she added with a chuckle, "She's the reason my knees have carpet - burn...that Goddamn husband of mine is watching her newscast when I get home from work and he makes me blow him while he watches the spectacle she puts on."

"Oh, dear - I'm so sorry!" I said to her. I was grateful to be thinking about something besides my son.

She laughed then said, "That's all I do for him these days...I blow him a couple times a day - he doesn't fuck me anymore - he says he's not going to 'soil his dick' in the same holes where 'that bastard banker shoots his load'!"

"He doesn't think Mr. Bagley uses your mouth, too?" I asked her incredulously.

"You know men, sweetie - smart and logical they are not! I have my fun though...whenever I still have a fresh coating of Lawrence's spunk on my tongue when I get home, I give Fred the sloppiest French - kiss I can...the stupid - shit doesn't suspect a thing!" 

I laughed and said, "I'm really sorry he doesn't want to satisfy you anymore, dear..."

Mary laughed again and said, "Oh please, sweetie - his scrawny dick has never given me an orgasm...all he ever did was climb on top - hump wildly for a couple minutes then shoot a puny load inside me...it was over before I knew it had begun - I have no idea how he was able to father three children!"

We both laughed. "Honey," I said, squeezing her hand. "I'm going to be 'extra attentive' to your needs tonight!"

I felt her hunger as she gazed into my eyes. If it had been socially acceptable, I would have taken her in my arms right there in the store and given her a long, and tongue - filled kiss.

"Oh my..." she said smiling, "...I'm feeling a sudden 'heat' down there..."

"Not as hot as it will be, dear," I said not missing a beat.

"Ohhh - Mary - Judith - Hi, how are you ladies?" said Beth, an old classmate of ours.

Mary responded: "Beth - Sandi - Hi...are you gals here for the latest line of 'Jennifer McBride slut - apparel'?"

We all laughed.

Sandi said, "Isn't it amazing that no matter how much the world has changed, men have remained the same? I mean, Eddie and I have our hottest sex now while he watches the 'news', of all things!"

Mary smiled and said, "Men are simple creatures - they'll never change...just model a pair of too - small panties for them and they'll turn into drooling idiots!"

We all laughed again then bid each other good - bye.

"Beth sure looks tired," I remarked.

"Well, you know, Sweetie..." said Mary. "She's a PA now for some construction foreman and I hear he likes it rough...and poor Sandi, did you hear she just did a thirty - day stint in the brothel? The moment she got out she signed a PA contract with the produce manager at Wal - Mart...you and I are lucky we signed contracts early - on with important men, otherwise we'd be in their shoes, or should I say 'kneepads'?"

I laughed out loud and said, "Mary, you're absolutely incorrigible!"

She immediately replied: "And that's why you love me so much, Sweetie!"

"Yes, I do," I said wistfully. "Can we find someplace private so I can wear kneepads for you tonight?"

"Oh goodness yes!" she smiled. "We'll go to my place - Fred moved down to the basement last week...all he does now is get drunk and pass - out - he'll be unconscious by the time we get home."

"Oh no, I'm so sorry," I said.

She smiled and took my hand in hers. "Don't be, dear...we never had much of a marriage anyway...in fact, I've been working on Lawrence to help me out."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, remember when Fred took out a second mortgage on our house? (I nodded) I'm trying to get Lawrence to force Fred into a huge balloon payment - he could never afford it...and when he defaults, Lawrence can have him sent to the BCC!"

"That's pretty harsh!" I said.

"Do you know why he moved to the basement, dear? (I shook my head) He told me he wanted to get as far away as possible from my 'skanky pussy' - I've had it up to here with the insults from that needle - dick prick!"

"I don't blame you," I said and squeezed her hand tight. "Mary, if it's any consolation - I can hardly wait to taste your skanky pussy!"

That brought a huge laugh from her. 

"Sweetie, I can hardly wait to sit on your face and grind my skanky pussy all - over your lips and cheeks!" she said in a hoarse whisper while squeezing my hand hard.

I finally broke down and told my mom I signed a PA contract with Ms. Hatfield. I had also mentioned to her what Mr. Massengale would have expected from me if I'd gone to work for him - I figured it would soften her disappointment.

"Good for you, dear," she'd said. She is always able to put a positive spin on bad situations. "At least, you're, uh, with a woman!"

I didn't tell her about Bradley and what I had to do for him. Why break her heart?

I still think about my first day at work. It was a day I'll never forget:

At 6:25 I arrived to find Bradley waiting for me. He marched me to the bathroom in Mistress's office and had me strip naked; I was surprised when he stripped as well.

"You will address me as 'Sir' at all times, do you understand, Sweetie?"

"Y - Yes, Sir," I replied.

"Clasp your hands behind your head!" he instructed.

I said, "Yes, Sir" and obeyed his command.

"You will arrive for work at this time every morning, come into this bathroom, remove all your clothes and wait for my arrival in this very position...do you understand me, Sweetie?"

"Y - Yes, Sir!"

I stood in the bathtub as he carefully applied some sort of hair removal cream to my chest, under my arms, on my legs and finally on my crotch. It stung slightly but the worst part was the erection I'd sprung feeling his hands on my body. I noticed, he too was hard.

He then said, "Bend over and open your asscheeks for me - display your 'pussy' to me!"

"Display my pussy?" It was the dirtiest thing anyone had ever said to me. My prick jumped and oozed pre - cum. I was grateful he couldn't see my face. 

I felt an oily finger between my cheeks; it slowly worked itself from my perineum to my anus. I felt more cream applied to my nether region. I jumped in total shock when his finger relentlessly burrowed thru my anus into my asshole.

He laughed at my reaction, but said nothing. He told me to stand and assume my position. 

When my body was covered with foam, he climbed into the tub with me and stood inches from my face.

"Now we wait fifteen - minutes," he said, then took my head in his hands and drew me to his lips; he kissed me long and hard; my prick began throbbing.

"Use your hands on me!" he ordered. "One hand stroking my cock - the other one massaging my balls."

"Yes, Sir!" I said blinking away the moisture in my eyes.

I did as I was told. The second I took hold of his cock my own prick jumped and twitched. I hated my reaction to feeling the soft flesh of his hard cock.

"Look me in the eyes whenever you play with my cock, boy!" he said with a slight smile on his face.

"Y - Yes, Sir!" I said. He had me stroke him slowly at first. I could feel every ridge and vein as I moved my hand back - and - forth on his hot flesh.

His big brown eyes bore into my skull. I felt his power and control over me. The expression on his face was one of mild amusement, and lust. He knew I was his to do his bidding, and it seemed to inflame him even more.

"Tell me how much you love having a man's hard penis in your hand!" he commanded me.

Oh no...here we go again! I had no other choice but to obey him, and tell him what he wanted to hear.

"Y - Yes, Sir...I love having your hard penis in my hand..."

"No, boy - that's not what I said...you love feeling any man's hard penis, do you not?"

What? No, that's not right...I've never done this for any other man.

"Johnny, from your reactions yesterday, and this morning (he looked at my erection), you are bi - sexual - don't be ashamed of it - embrace it...Mistress and I own you, and you will be having sex not only with her and me, but other women and men, too...the sooner you accept your sexuality - the sooner you will be able to enjoy being a sex toy for men and women!"

'A sex toy for men and women'? Oh my God...

His erection began pulsating in my hand; his reaction caused my own prick to jump and my balls to ache for release. Oh my God - can he be right? I DO like feeling his cock in my hands...and I liked it in my mouth, too! Ohhh, I'm so - so sorry my sweet, sweet Sarah!

"Let's try this again: you love hard cocks as much as you love wet pussies, is this correct?"

Oh - God - oh - God - oh God...

My head exploded: "YES - YES, SIR - I LOVE HARD COCKS AS MUCH AS I LOVE WET PUSSIES!"

"What do you love about hard cocks?"

Ooo - noooo...please don't make me answer that question...

"WELL - SPEAK - UP, BOY!"

"I LOVE A HOT AND SMOOTH COCK - I LOVE FEELING IT IN MY HANDS - I LOVED TAKING YOUR COCK IN MY MOUTH - I LOVE MAKING A HARD COCK SPURT IT'S CUM - IT MAKES ME CRAZY - I LOVE PLEASING PEOPLE...oh my God, I'm going to hell..."

His lips on mine were warm and pliant. I eagerly took his tongue into my open mouth.

"Do you want to make me cum now, boy? Do you want to watch and feel the cum shooting out of my cock?"

"Ohhhhhh - yes, I want to make you, cum, Sir - YES - I WANT TO WATCH IT SHOOTING OUT OF YOUR HARD COCK!"

"Good boy," he said stroking my hair. "Go faster now - make me cum - FASTER BOY!"

OOHHHH—YES, SIR - THANK YOU, SIR!"

My balls felt heavy and painful as I stared at my hand frigging his cock as fast as I could. My breath caught in my throat—my jaw dropped open - my eyes glued to his cockhead waiting - waiting for his sperm and semen to shoot out his slit - my ears waiting to hear his cries of joy - I wanted desperately to see and hear his climax.

My hand became a blur...the moans escaping his throat were music to my ears - my own prick swelled bigger - my balls felt even heavier in my scrotum.

His balls grew larger in my hand and I squeezed his cock harder and stroked him even faster...he announced his orgasm with a shout and his body gyrated and contorted with spasms as the first jet of cum shot straight - out of his cock and landed square on my belly - I watched rope - after - rope of semen squirt from his slit like it was shot out of a cannon...suddenly, I got so excited handling his pulsating cock my own balls exploded—my pent - up lust rushed out of my balls and sprayed all over Bradley's stomach...I cried - out "OH - GOD—OH - GOD—OH - GOD—YES - YES - YESSSSSSS..."

He took my head and kissed me deeply. I returned the kiss with a passion and fervor I'd never known. 

When our breathing returned to normal he looked me in the eyes and said, "Sweetie, welcome to my world - you're as easy as a two - dollar whore!"

His words echoed in my mind. Oh God - he's right - I AM a whore! I'm so sorry Sarah - I do love hard cocks as much as your sweet pussy!!

He wore rubber gloves; he turned on the shower and ran his hands over my body as he rinsed the cream off me. I watched my body hair rush down the swirling drain with amazement, and a strange sense of sadness.

The old me was gone forever...

Once I was dry and clean, he walked me into the office and positioned me in front of mistress's desk.

"Keep your hands clasped behind your head - eyes looking at her chair...legs further apart - wider - wider than that...yes, good boy..."

His hand massaged my buttocks - my penis twitched...his finger was pressing my anus - he pushed it inside me - oh my God, I am so weak, I thought, when his ministrations caused my prick to rise to full erection once again.

"Remain like this until Mistress inspects you!" he said sharply.

"Yes, Sir!" I replied, and heard him leave the office.

I waited like that for what seemed like a long time. Standing naked with an erection in my bosses office made my life now seem surreal - no, unreal; 'new realities' were everywhere, and I was now living my own.

Everything I'd learned in school and life lessons my parents taught me were irrelevant, obsolete. What was true six - months ago is now false; up is now down - black is now white. 

I heard Mr. Jensvold's parting advice to me: "John, regardless who you work for, I am afraid you will be required to perform duties you will find objectionable and distasteful - I am sorry, but you will be forced to grow - up quicker than a boy your age in the old world...listen and learn and obey...'they' will attempt to transform you into a boy you are not - do not judge yourself too harshly - do not judge yourself at all...at this moment in time you have only two options: resist and rebel against 'them' and your life will become short, painful and meaningless...conform to the 'new realities' and you may find yourself on the 'inside' of The New World Order, and it is only from there you can make a difference - listen, learn and obey but more importantly - be aware of your surroundings - people, places and things - take nothing for granted - study how the self - appointed 'Superiors' live and think, and react accordingly...this will be a long war, don't invest too much of yourself in individual battles...you will be tested and challenged, accept the challenges and always remind yourself whatever actions are required of you, no matter how distasteful - perform the tasks with the understanding they are for the greater good - survival of you and your family is now your only goal in life - listen, learn and obey and sometime in the future, you will have the experience and knowledge to fight them on your terms."

Mr. Jensvold knew my fate - he KNEW I would be required to use my body for survival...he was telling me to be patient; to observe and study everything and everyone around me until I could make informed decisions and formulate my own plan!

I heard the office door open. Bradley was informing Mistress of the days meetings and items that required her personal attention. I remained frozen in place. My heart beat faster.

An old cliché came to mind: The longest journey begins with a single step...then I repeated what would become a lifetime mantra: 'Listen, learn and obey.'

"That will be all, Bradley," I heard her finally say.

"But Mistress - can't I stay - I mean - "

"THAT WILL BE ALL, BRADLEY!"

The power and force in her tone of voice sent shivers up my spine. I guessed it had the same affect on Bradley because I heard him meekly say, "Yes, Mistress - I'm sorry, Mistress!" and the office door closed and I was alone with my boss for the first time.

"Good morning, Cutie," she said from behind me.

"Good morning, Mistress," I replied.

I felt her hand on my back. She softly stroked my flesh. Her hands lightly rubbed my underarms and chest; I figured she was making sure my body hair was gone, but her touches her were causing my hard prick to twitch and jump. I wondered if she noticed my excitement.

"Very nice..." she said, "...your skin is as soft and smooth as a girls..."

I remained silent but blushed a deep red.

Her hand began kneading and squeezing the soft and sensitive flesh of my buttocks. My mind began melting away again into a lusty haze; I was hoping she'd take my erection in her skilled hand, but to my surprise, she slipped a long finger between my buttocks and stroked my perineum; I was absolutely mortified when her finger massaged my anus.

She abruptly stopped and stood before me. She was at least five - inches taller than me and when I dared to look up at her beautiful face she frowned and said, "Did I give you permission to look at me?"

I embarrassingly stammered, "No, Mistress - I'm sorry Mistress!"

She chuckled and said, "Good answer, boy..."

Then both of her hands were on me 'down there'...she lifted my scrotum and felt all around...she squeezed my erection and gave it three - four strokes.

"It feels so much better and even looks bigger without all that nasty hair, don't you agree?" she asked.

I looked down for the first time, and she was right - it DID appear bigger now.

"Y - Yes, Mistress..." I replied.

I hadn't realized I was leaking pre - cum until her finger scooped it up and she presented it to my lips.

"Clean my finger, boy," she commanded.

"Yes, Mistress," I said and immediately sucked her finger into my mouth and tasted my discharge.

She once again ran the palms of her hands over my shaved armpits then up - and - down my smooth legs. 

"Very nice!" she repeated then went around the desk and sat down.

"I understand you pleasured Bradley with your hands this morning..." she said.

It was a statement, not a question...I wasn't sure if she wanted me to respond. I figured it would be best to say something.

"Yes, Mistress...I pleasured Bradley with my hands this morning."

"...and he tells me you loved it so much you ejaculated without even being touched..."

My face flushed red again. My eyes blinked - away the moisture as I held her gaze as instructed.

"I - uh, yes, Mistress..." I stammered. She made it sound so dirty. "I, uh, yes, I ejaculated without being touched - I'm sorry if that was wrong, Mistress!"

That beautiful smile spread across her face. My erection continued twitching.

"This is only our second meeting and you've already learned something very important about yourself...tell me what you have learned, boy?"

What does she want me to say? Oh no...THAT? She wants me to say THAT? She's a smart woman, she can see right thru me - I better be truthful with her.

"I, uh...Mistress, I've learned I'm queer!" I said.

She laughed and said, "Cutie - does Sarah's pussy and tits give you a boner? Did your dick get hard yesterday when you sucked my cunt?"

DAMNIT - my face turned beet - red again.

"Uh, well, yes, Mistress - Sarah's pussy and tits give me a boner...and yes, sucking your cunt yesterday gave me a hard - on!"

"Well, dear, that makes you bisexual - not homosexual...ten - percent of the population is homosexual...there haven't been definitive studies done on bisexuality, but I would guess the number is much larger than ten - percent - especially in this new world...so that means Bradley is limited to just men, but you and I can enjoy both men AND women - we have a much larger pool for potential partners...accept who you are and enjoy it, dear."

"Uh, yes, okay, Mistress."

And then she surprised me by using my name. "John, you're off to a good start here...continue like you are and your future with us will be long and profitable, and, ha - ha - ha - filled with thousands of orgasms!"

She smiled at my embarrassment.

"Don't worry, Cutie, we'll rid you of that troublesome shyness very soon...by this time next week you will have sucked the cunts of my executive staff - and some of their subordinates, as well...I do have to commend your girlfriend for training you so well in the art of pussy - eating!"
