 Chapter 6

We left Galos not long after. Hailey was bored with the place and Eve wanted to draw a line under what had happened there and mend things between them. We moved in to a little cottage in the countryside not far from the city I'd been living in. My memories of my old life there hit me hard when we passed through, but Eve's hand on my shoulder calmed me. With her caring control over me, I didn't need to worry about those times. They just weren't relevant to my life at that moment; it was a different person they'd happened to.

Eve and Hailey took off on long hikes together and after the third, they came back arm in arm, clearly friends again. To seal the deal, they spitroasted me in front of the open fire, until our sweat mingled together freely and each of us came. Later that evening, with Eve's encouragement, Hailey took my cock inside her and rode me to her satisfaction. From then on, on alternate days they took off my chastity cage and fucked me raw. My favourite memories of that cottage are of Hailey sitting on my face while Eve's pussy and hips drove me wild. 

The atmosphere in the cottage veered between peaceful and tense, always unspoken. As the weeks passed, they were punctuated by days when Hailey disappeared to the city, more and more often. Eve, though, never left the cottage and I never left her sight; she kept me on a short leash. The days went by lazy and slow, until I gathered from my mistresses that they were looking forward to a big equestrian show to be held at a nearby stables. The event drew owners and admirers of human ponyslaves from many kilometres around. There would be professional and amateur races, dressage, beauty contests, pony rides and even auctions for the sale of human livestock. 

On the morning of the meet, a ponyboy-drawn carriage arrived outside the cottage to take us to the stables. The driver, a friend of Eve and Hailey's family, greeted the girls with the loud bluster of a country-woman, and had me sit alongside her in the front seat, "So she could admire your cute little thing," she told my owners. Her own personal slave -- a permanent, lifelong petmale, was caged in the back of the carriage. With a crack of the whip, the two ponyboys drew us onto the road, their powered harnesses doing most of the heavy work.

I myself wore the leather harness that Eve especially liked me in. The straps were cinched tight into my lean frame, a constant reminder of how owned I'd become. I'd never felt safer or more secure, and Eve seemed to understand that -- she put me in the harness whenever I felt sad, or started to be disobedient. It seemed to correct any unslavelike thoughts, almost by magic. Being locked into a harness is like being constantly connected to your owners, held by them. I can honestly say that all slaves should try it, if their owners allow.

We joined a bigger road, part of a procession of carriages drawn by ponygirls and ponyboys, all heading to the same meet. Eve and Hailey waved at friends and acquaintances -- some doing the driving and some doing the pulling. For submissive country girls, living a few months as a ponygirl is a pretty common adventure; for the boys, it's a common choice for something resembling a career, if slaves can be said to have those. In foregoing the use of their voice and their hands, they gain a whole world of women devoted to their training and care. Such women were known for making use of all the assets their ponyboys possessed.

"How are Tower and Castle?" asked Hailey, referring to the two massive ponyboys pulling us along the road.

"They're good boys," said Miss Jones, the driver and their owner, "I let them play together in the evening -- check out the video feed from my farm if you like. They vie for dominance but I make sure neither gets the upper hand for long. It keeps things interesting for me. And them too, really."

"Do you always let them have free cocks?"

"Oh yes, of course. No point caging such fine appendages -- they're always ready for each other. And for me. What about his? You getting much use from it?"

"Lots! Eve gets more. He has one day in the cage and one day free, on and off. We increased his cock to a size 4.5 -- Eve calculated it was the perfect fit for her, and I was happy to let her if that was what she wanted. We thought we'd keep it caged today -- no sense him getting erections all over the place."

"I don't know, I think it's quite funny when you can see them all hard. How does he cope with your mean streak?"

Hailey laughed, "Oh, he copes just fine, I think he likes it really. Eve doesn't care to indulge all my whims though, so I go back to the city and rent slavegirls when I need someone to cry for me."

"Aren't you fifty-fifty co-owners?"

"Hmmm," there was an awkward silence before Hailey continued, "You know you've really brought Tower and Castle's training on this past year. Do you race them much?"

"Around the local circuits, yes. They're fine runners, but they're best at the two-pony buggy races. I'll invite you next time they're competing -- but you'll have to find some other transport. Can't have them getting tired or distracted carrying beautiful half-naked girls around."

Eve and Hailey laughed at that. They were wearing sensible shoes, short skirts and little else -- despite sitting in front of them, I couldn't help but find every opportunity to steal a glance back. I'm sure they noticed, but if they minded they never said. Miss Jones certainly saw, and it must not have struck her as respectful. 

With one hand on the reins, she rested the other on me, squeezing my smooth balls and giving me just a little pain. Between her severe riding boots and the whips she carried, I'd never been in any doubt she was strict. I could see her ponyboys Tower and Castle's backs were striped with scars that Miss Jones hadn't allowed to regenerate -- I kept my eyes forward from then on.

Pulling into the carriage park we were confronted with a maelstrom of ponyboys and ponygirls, some decked out in fine harnesses while others went naked except for their mitts, hoof-boots and leashes. It was a common sight to see ponies in armbinders, but many had their mitted hands free. The flows of flesh separated out closer to the big fields -- the bulkier ponies went towards the tracks while many of the slimmer human animals went to the dressage fields or the display cages. Miss Jones bade us farewell and went off to attend to her business as a trainer.

Here and there we passed equestrian women checking out prospective purchases. They held the ponies' mouths open, checking teeth, feeling musculature and observing form. Not a few got the ponyboys hard and measured their length and girth; for the ponygirls, it was more important to feel inside their pussies and arses. I thought I recognised one of the ponyboys who'd been trained when I was, at the enslavement centre. Whoever he was, he whinnied happily as he was sold to a new owner, who beamed with pride at the sight of her new animal.

Hailey dragged us over to the pens and cages where most of the ponies for auction were being held. She asked permission to whip a few, delighting in their startled cries as she expertly tortured them. She had the glint in her eye that I truly feared, and I was glad to see someone else was the target of it. When Hailey turned to me with that look, whip in hand, Eve coughed and shook her head; Hailey turned quickly away with anger on her face, and went back to whipping ponyboys. After a while, a statuesque woman in a strict formal dress approached us.

"Headmistress!" yelled Eve. "I had no idea you'd be here! Oh! Did you bring Desi with you?"

"Hello Eve, it's so lovely to see you again. I trust your mother is well? Good, good. If you mean my ponygirl Teacher's Pet, then yes, I brought her out to the meet. Lots of prospective buyers here."

"You're selling her? So soon?"

"There's little more I can teach her. Oh, you must see her dressage routine, Eve. She's a born ponygirl, she needs a dedicated professional to take her any further. It's already a thing of true beauty when she performs. Really, do come and see -- bring your slaveboy too, I think he knows her from the enslavement centre." I nodded.

"We'll be there, don't worry," said Eve. "Does she know you're selling her?"

"Goodness no. I had no need to tell her, and if she's nervous about buyers looking her over she'll perform less well. Why would I warn a slave I'm going to sell them?"

"I'd never sell Kier!" blurted Eve, "I mean, erm. I suppose it's within my power. But, oh. No." She shook her head, frowning.

"Now now, Eve, no need to fret. You're your kind of owner and I'm mine. If you see Teacher's Pet, don't let on. She'll be auctioned this afternoon -- I want her completely unsuspecting until then. I'm relying on her look of innocent terror to up her price."

"How much longer on her contract?"

"Nine months."

That didn't sound right to me -- hadn't she been on a six-month contract like mine? I never got an answer as to how she'd already had it extended. It could be done voluntarily, or rarely in the interests of the slave's wellbeing, if freeing them would be too traumatic. There could even have been an extension clause in her contract -- some thrill seekers added one to make their adventure in slavery less predictable.

Eve bade the headmistress goodbye and we followed Hailey around the pony pens a while longer. Hailey amused herself interfering with the ponyboys or playing with their long cocks. We watched as the vendors put the animals through their paces and showed off their assets; I was glad not to be for sale like these helpless human animals. Every pony for sale was painted with a number -- their new owners didn't want to know their old names. Hailey and Eve discussed their favourites; their tastes ran towards the winsome ponyboys and the short, lean ponygirls. Dancers just like I was, really.

Hailey took pictures of a few prospects and sent them across to her mother, who forwarded them on to interested buyers who couldn't make the meet. Hailey was angling for finder's fees, trying to connect the right ponies with the right owners. It seemed like she had some skill. Of fifteen suggestions, three made purchases remotely, trusting to Hailey's judgement and the slaves' detailed public profiles. With her new profits she insisted we go and bet on the races; I'm sure she was excited at earning and betting her own money rather than her mother's.

Eve led me by my leash through the pony market, past the food stalls and up to the side of one of the grand race tracks. I followed her proudly. Hailey walked by my side, her hand on my bottom, demonstrating ownership and a little affection -- I hoped for her sake that she was coming back round to being my co-owner, though she rarely held my leash anymore. When we reached the trackside fence, she disappeared to buy drinks and came back with a handheld betting computer and two cocktails. The big track was surrounded by mistresses and their slaves, thronging all round the edge to get a good view. 

Hailey clicked her fingers at me and pointed to her arse as she leant on the railing to watch the next race. I dropped to my knees and planted my tongue between her cheeks, like dozens of other slaves were doing for their owners all around the racecourse. I made sure my legs were open so my dangling caged cock was on display -- hoping to improve Hailey's mood by being completely submissive to her. Hailey's first horse came in second -- she lost the bet. The next one came in third, and the one after finished dead last. She shook her hips and pushed me away.

"Your tongue's giving me no luck today, slaveboy. Figures. Try being Eve's lucky charm instead."

Eve gave her consent and I crawled to her. She still held my leash and had never even thought to hand it to Hailey, and now she threaded it between her legs so she could pull my face in close. I moved my hands under her short skirt and parted her cheeks, just how I knew she liked it, then got busy licking. Eve wondered aloud which ponygirl to pick for the next race's bet. 

"Keep licking my arse, Kier, and I'll pick the one I'm looking at when your tongue hits just the right spot," she said.

I obeyed. She gasped as my tongue slid gently up and down, and placed her bet straight away. I could see nothing but her shapely bottom and her skirt; a perfect view for me. The ponygirls shot out of their stalls and the race began. Eve's pick started badly -- she kept up a constant narration for me -- but started to pick up speed on the second lap. Eve's excitement grew and I matched it by licking faster. As I sped up, so did the ponygirl. By the third lap, she was second, and I was straining to give my owner the best service I could. She cried out in pleasure as I worshipped then in triumph as her pony won.

"Lucky for some," said Hailey, her mood now clearly souring.

Eve turned around, her usual reserve lost in the excitement.

"Now lick my pussy while I pick, slaveboy," she said to me, oblivious to Hailey.

Eve picked another winner, choosing the ponyboy whose name she was looking at when she came. Hailey left us to get more drinks, returning several minutes later with the smell of alcohol on her. Eve said nothing but I could tell from how she tensed up that she hadn't expected Hailey to hit it so hard so soon. 

"Help your mistress relax, Kier", said Eve to me.

I crawled to Hailey and sucked her clit as she mused over which pony to bet on next. She chose as she orgasmed, just like Eve had. When her ponyboy won by a fluke -- the leader fell in the final stretch -- she was more surprised than happy. She disappeared to get more drinks, tearing herself away from Eve who tried to stop her going back to the bar so soon. 

"I can't get through to her anymore, Kier. I thought things had got better, but it didn't last. I don't know what's wrong and she won't tell me -- we've never kept things from each other before. What do I do?"

The sadness flooded out of her all in a rush, sudden sobs erupting from deep inside. I stood and held her, squeezing tight until the tears stopped. What was I supposed to do now? How could a slave fix things between his two owners? I thought it better to say nothing. I had no idea how to stop the tension between them from returning. All I could do was be there for Eve and hope Hailey came back round of her own accord.

When she'd calmed down, Eve went searching for Hailey. The crowds blocked us at every turn and with me leashed behind her, it was slow going. I was constantly getting caught in the crush, unable to barge past superior women like my owner could. Eve looked back at me in despair. There was no anger in her eyes -- she knew why I couldn't keep up -- but she decided she had to leave me behind to search for her sister. 

Most big events have rentable cages for slaves, paid for by the half-hour, where we can be left if our mistresses want to enjoy themselves without us. There were already quite a few slaves held here, male and female both. Eve paid for two hours upfront and gave me a wan smile as she walked away, leaving me locked in the cage and then disappearing into the crowd.

"Just like old times, then, brother," said a male voice from the next cage.

"AF-M-4!" I said back. "I'm glad to see you, friend. What are you doing here?"

I hadn't expected to see anyone I'd met at the enslavement centre again, but then Eve and Hailey did move in the same exclusive circles as the staff and pupils of the finishing school that had bought AF-M-4 and the ponygirl Teacher's Pet (formerly Desi). It made sense he'd be here too.

"The headmistress thought this seemed like a fine day out for the finishing school," he said, "I came along to help out but there was some tension. The girls find it hard to share me sometimes. It's all 'Alfred come here and serve me', "No, me,', 'No, it's my turn'. The headmistress put me out of reach. It's a relief really."

"Girls not sharing? Tell me about it," I said.

"What do you mean? I saw how sad your owner was when she left you just now. Is something wrong?"

"My co-owner, you mean."

"Surely not. That must be hard, if-."

"Why is everyone so surprised I have two owners? Yours share you, don't they?"

"I only have one -- I belong to the headmistress -- but I'm ordered to serve the ten girls in Osprey house equally. I was going to say, it must be hard for her to co-own you, if you've fallen for each other the way it looks like you have."

I turned to the young, assured slaveboy and looked him right in the eyes. No mockery there, just an earnest sense of concern. Even as I stood in the cage she had left me in, I pined for Eve to come back. And only for Eve. Hailey and I had a connection of sorts; I respected her and she enjoyed using me, at least sometimes. With Eve it never felt like I was being made use of, in fact it was barely like following orders at all. It was worship and it was a meeting of minds, a shared energy. When we were together we were together. When we were apart, still we were together. 

"You OK?" asked Alfred. The name suited him, I thought. Very refined.

"I have absolutely no idea what to do about this," I replied.

"Do you have to do anything?"

"I don't know! That's the point!"

"Just wait for the right moment. You'll know when it comes."

"That's your great, wise, slave advice? Wait?"

"Yes. Waiting is what slaves do. Your mistake is in thinking it's passive. It's not. Try it. Calm your body and your mind. Clear your thoughts, and serve your mistress -- your real one -- by waiting."

We stood naked together, tattooed and collared slaves in cages. Alfred was calmness itself. His hands rested behind his back and his feet were planted on the ground, with all his weight running into them. I really looked at him this time, picking out all of the muscles I'd learned about in dance lessons to see what they were doing. All at rest, all working together as one.

Facing forward in the cage, I copied his stance. I let my breath fill my belly then held it, releasing it slowly. Again and again, with each breath willing myself into a waiting state for Eve. And only for Eve. I couldn't reach that state for Hailey and I knew I had to stop trying. There were other ways to serve her, but this one was only for Eve. 

Alfred and I waited together in silence, communicating the peace we'd found through our bodies. He really was born to be a slave -- some people are -- and yet again he showed me how to take hold of the experience by giving in to it. Every time I lost focus he brought me back by breathing out loud, showing me the right rhythm. A few passing mistresses gave us nods of acknowledgement and we bowed our heads back. I kept Eve with me in my thoughts until the two hours had passed and she returned for me.

She shook her head sadly when she let me out of the cage. "I think Hailey went home but her comms are all shut off. What do I do, Kier?"

"Stay here with me, mistress. Let her find her own way back to you when she's ready." 

I stroked her wonderful face and took her hand, its grip fierce and desperate around mine. We walked together through the crowds, which now parted to make way for us. We drifted here and there, arriving the long way round at the dressage fields. I wanted to find something to distract Eve, and it seemed to work. The third act we saw was Teacher's Pet, who had been Desiderata, a fellow slave at the enslavement centre. 

Teacher's Pet stood decked out in ponygirl finery, utterly still, with perfect poise. The headmistress had trained Teacher's Pet herself, and now held the naked, harnessed ponygirl on a long rein, standing off to one side. The ponygirl herself seemed not to even notice the crowd. The moment the music started, she lifted each booted leg in turn, perfectly in time with every beat. Her hands were encased in hoof mitts -- these came up and down with every lift and fall of her legs. 
