 Your child's eighteenth birthday marks a significant rite of passage every mother faces with ambivalent feelings...soon, the child will be out of the house on their own, meeting new challenges every day, and all you can do now is hope you've prepared them for the highs and lows the real world will throw at them.

In my case, it meant I had just one child remaining at home to care for and to raise-just two-years to watch her face light-up with smiles, or to hold and comfort her in times of teenage angst. Two short years to not only prepare her for this New World, but to protect her from it, as well. 

I went thru it with my son, John, and now my oldest daughter, Julie, was celebrating what she called her "day of liberation and freedom." 

How sadly naïve, I thought, with all the new rules and regulations, which I made sure she was well aware, she would equate her eighteenth birthday with 'freedom' when in fact, because she was born female, it doomed her to a life of subjugation and sexual servitude.

Fortunately, I had persuaded Mr. Bagley to sign a 'Letter of Exemption' that would permit her to go to college, and keep her from having to perform two-years of 'mandatory national service'...that phrase alone made me shudder with fear and revulsion since I understood the true meaning of it.

Your child's eighteenth birthday used to be cause for a celebration and party-not so much any more. Nowadays, no one held parties, inviting all their friends, no, 'the big day' was now almost mourned instead of celebrated; attended by family members only...there were few smiles and even fewer congratulatory hugs and kisses.

I baked a birthday cake instead of buying one; I didn't want the inevitable looks of pity and attitudes of condescension when the person learned your child was turning eighteen.

My son, John, my youngest Jenny, and myself were waiting for Julie's arrival. It was the first time I'd seen my son since he left the house and moved-in with Sarah, his girlfriend. 

I couldn't get over how polite, even differential, he was towards his sister and me. I'd always suspected Sarah 'wore the pants' in their relationship, but his amazing 'attitude adjustment' made me admire and respect the girl more than I already had. In this age of male machismo, Sarah had transformed John into a perfect gentleman.

He had insisted on cooking Julie's favorite meal, chicken piccata with pasta and veggies while Jenny and I concentrated on the birthday cake. I was impressed how he moved about the kitchen, and when I asked him, he admitted he did all the cooking at home. 

"Sarah's job takes-up a lot of her time," he'd said, "...she's tired when she gets home...the least I can do is help around the house."

After some coaxing, he admitted he not only did the cooking, but the cleaning and all the laundry, too. I found myself wondering what she had him do for her in the bedroom.

I had discovered thru my friend, Mary, that Sarah had offered her virginity to the highest online bidder...once I got over the initial shock, I was impressed by her business acumen...she knew a woman's place in this New World, and she made it work FOR her-AND she profited handsomely by taking advantage of men, and their lust for young girls. Yes, I am very happy my boy has a strong girlfriend like her.

Of course, those of us aware of her offer were surprised when she went to work for Missy Hatfield...was Ms. Hatfield the highest bidder? Is Sarah a concubine to the most powerful woman in town? 

No one knew for sure what their relationship consisted of, but quite honestly, it was mere fodder for the gossip mills because all women were in similar circumstances, and had scant time to be concerned with someones well-being other than their own.

Jenny and I finished decorating the cake at the same time we heard the side door open. In walked the birthday girl, smiling with head held high.

She waved a document at us, I recognized it immediately and my heart ached and pounded in my chest. 

"Mother," she announced, "...I won't need the letter from your boss-I got one all by myself!"

"JULIE...what have you done?" I asked; simply flabbergasted she'd signed a PA contract on her own without consulting me.

"Mother, I do not want to go to college," she said, "...I told you that but you went ahead on your own, anyway...a girl has only so many good money-making years-a pussy is like a new car-once it's driven off the lot it decreases in value every year!"

"JULIE-HUSH!!" I said loudly, rolling my eyes towards Jenny. The three of us had agreed not to speak of these matters in front of the young girl.

"My little sister needs to know what life is all about these days, mother," she went on: "You are not helping her by avoiding talking about the inevitable-how her best opportunity for a happy life is right there between her legs...she needs to understand a girls limited options these days...that no matter how smart and talented she may be-her only chance for success is using her body to her advantage!"

I was trembling and my blood began to boil. Julie had always been a head-strong girl, but she'd never spoken to me like this before...it were as though that signed contract had given her the arrogance to confront and rebel against her own mother.

I took a deep breath and waited until I was calm. Then I asked the only remaining pertinent question: "Sweetie...just who are you going to be, uh, 'working' for?"

My daughter's beautiful, fresh face twisted into a strange smile and it scared the hell out of me.

"Don't worry, mother, I won't be 'working under' any of the men you know in town..." she said. "In fact, I signed a PA contract with a woman-a woman you all have seen-my new boss is Ms. Jennifer McBride!"

I was so stunned all I could manage to say was "HUH? WHAT? HOW?"

John stammered, "OH MY GOD, JULIE-WHY? HOW DID YOU EVEN MEET HER?"

She stared at her brother with that twisted smirk and said, "I met her today at the lingerie store in the Mall...she was autographing her used panties for a long line of drooling men...who knows? She might still be there...maybe, dear brother, if you hurry down there she'll autograph YOUR panties, too!"

I had no idea what she meant by that, but I watched my son's face turn a deep red as he lowered his eyes.

"I will begin moving my things into her place tomorrow...you know, mother, I'm certainly not a virgin with boys, but I've never been with a woman before-I know how close you and Mary are-are there any tips or advice you can give me about sexually satisfying a woman?"

And then it was my turn to flush a deep crimson and lower my eyes.

I lied to my mom and brother and sister about how I met Mistress Jennifer.

She contacted me weeks ago, and after meeting with her she offered me the PA position. She swore me to secrecy until my eighteenth birthday when I went to the lingerie store to sign the contract.

There had been, indeed, a long line of idiot men forking out twenty bucks each for a pair of her used panties which she autographed before their bugged-out eyes. She used that example to reinforce my belief that men are weak-willed and stupid, and quite frankly, totally useless outside of the bedroom.

"BUT-" she said on my first night in her bed, "...you are going to learn how to be a whore-not just any whore, but the best cocksucking whore AND a whore who knows how to please a hard cock when it's in your cunt or asshole..."

I expressed my shock and dismay at her plans for me.

"You are a proud and insolent little girl," she said calmly, while stroking my hair, "...don't worry, when I'm finished training you those troublesome character traits like ego, pride and arrogance will be gone forever...you will become a valuable member of our team!"

I made the mistake of arguing with her. She patiently listened to me with a curious smile on her face. 

When I was done she said, "Sweetie, the language of the contract you signed is very explicit-the fact of the matter is I own you-I can legally do with you whatever I want...if you persist in defying me, I will have you interred into a brothel where you will be required to service, at the very least, thirty hard cocks every day for a minimum of sixty days...think of it, sweetie, 1,800 loads of men's nasty spunk in your mouth-your pussy-and your asshole..."

She gently wiped away the tear drops rolling down my cheeks. She took me in her arms and held me close; showering my face and neck with kisses.

In a soothing, almost breathless voice she continued: "When you and I met for the first time, you expressed a strong desire to become my PA...you are an intelligent girl-you knew exactly what PA's are required to do...in this New World, the words 'PA' and 'whore' are synonymous and 'whore' is no longer a term of derision or scorn...in fact, most women now are 'WHORES'-your mother is a WHORE-75% of the girls you went to high school with will become WHORES-being a WHORE is now the most common profession among women...and Julie dear, becoming an outstanding whore is not only smart and pragmatic-it is the honorable thing a woman can do for herself, and her gender."

"I—I don't understand-I thought I did—I mean, being a common whore means letting men use you for sex-isn't that right?" I asked her.

She laughed softly and said, "Sweetie, that is the old definition for whore...in this New World being a whore means YOU are using men for not only financial gain, but for pleasure, as well...simply put: the very best whores working today are earning large sums of money AND having fabulous orgasms while doing it!"

She was right-I know my mother is making a lot of money, and she seems very happy with what she is doing. 

"Julie dear, in recent years, men accidentally enlightened women about the power and control they have over men...we all know men are nothing more than children who grow taller and heavier than women-who grow hair in unlikely areas-and whose bodies produce obscene sounds, and even worse smells...and we also know when men think and make decisions, they use just 10-to-20% of their brains in their thought process..."

She turned and smiled at me and asked, "Sweetie, how do men make decisions if they only use 20% of their brains?"

I blurted out: "THEY THINK WITH THEIR HARD DICKS!"

She laughed and hugged me again. I enjoyed being held close; feeling her breasts mashed against my own.

"With everything men have going against themselves, it is a woman's DUTY-for the survival of our planet-to take charge and guide them into making reasonable decisions...do you understand what I'm saying, dear?"

My heart fluttered with excitement. WOW, I thought, this is so INTENSE... 

"Yes, uh, I think I understand," I said. 

"Julie dear, I've already said too much, but I want you to know that by allowing me to train you in the fine art of becoming a whore, you will not only live a more fulfilling and satisfying life...in time, you will be performing a great service for all of womankind!" 

"Oh wow, Mistress Jennifer, I-I don't know what to say!"

"Sweetie, just tell me you want to serve and obey me-that you will work hard to become the best whore you can be-that is all we want and expect from you, dear."

"Ohhh Mistress Jennifer-yes-YES-I want to serve and obey you-I want you to teach me how to be the best whore in the world-I want to do whatever I can to help women!"

She kissed me on my mouth. My first kiss with a woman. I loved her soft and persistent lips and tongue. I yielded to her power.

"Good girl," she said when she broke our kiss. "Not only does a good whore know what excites men physically, but psychologically, as well...you will encounter many men who derive pleasure not only from using you body-but abusing it as well..."

"I—I don't understand, Mistress Jennifer-are you going to hurt me?"

"I'm going to spank you, dear, and yes-it will hurt a great deal...spanking will be a regular part of your training."

I began to tremble. "I—I-is this necessary, Mistress Jennifer?"

"I'm afraid so, dear...let me explain: hundreds of years ago men routinely spanked women for any disobedience, or what they deemed as disrespect-it was strictly meant as punishment-to demonstrate their power and control over women...spanking evolved over the centuries as men gradually came to realize the sight and feel of a woman's soft and naked, up-turned buttocks sexually excited them...nowadays, it is common practice for men to spank women as part of foreplay-and some men get so excited they squirt their nasty spunk thru spanking alone..."

"Oh my, that is so weird-and GROSS!" I said. 

"Well, dear, we are talking about men after all!"

"I, uh, if this will help me become a good whore, Mistress Jennifer, I'll do whatever you tell me to do!" I said; she gave me another sweet kiss on my lips.

"Yes, dear, this is simply part of your training, but you must do one thing for me..."

"W-What is that, Mistress Jennifer?" I asked with a quivering voice.

"I want you to enjoy it!" she said with a smile. "A woman can have an extremely powerful and intense orgasm thru spanking, and I am going to help you with that-tonight, I am going to spank you long and hard and I guarantee before I'm finished-you will have a wonderful orgasm!"

"Oh my..." I said feeling a rush of heat and moisture between my thighs.

"But first, dear, you are going to do something for me!"

"Ohhh, yes, Mistress-anything!"

"Good girl," she said. "I can't wait any longer to feel your soft lips and tongue on my cunt-you will now take off all your clothes then remove mine...I will sit on the edge of the bed with open legs and you will kneel between them-I am going to give you your first lesson in eating a woman's cunt-I dare say, dear, in your lifetime, you will pleasure more women's pussies than suck men's cocks!"

"Oh my!" I gasped; my body was trembling and shaking as I quickly stripped-off my clothes. She assisted me with hers-I could tell she was in a hurry to feel my mouth on her 'down there.'

I kneeled between her wide-split legs-her crotch was incredibly wet and hot; my mouth was inches from her va-jay-jay when I breathed deeply thru my nose...OH-MY-GOD...I can say with an overwhelming passion and certainty that was the very moment I became addicted to women's pussies...without waiting for her command, I pressed my mouth to her sex and licked at her the way I liked it done to my own pussy.

The heat from both our cunts warmed the bedroom. I was moaning into her pussy when I heard her speak:

"Julie dear, I will allow you to masturbate while you eat me...go ahead and play with your cunt, sweetie!"

I mumbled into her pussy, "Mmmmm...thank you, Mistress Jennifer!"

At the time I'd thought nothing of it...just because I obediently followed her orders didn't mean I was a submissive like my mother and brother...

The first two weeks Sarah and I lived together, we rarely saw each other. I made sure our apartment was sparkling clean and the laundry was done. I was required to have her dinner ready by the time she came home at 9 o'clock. 

After she'd finished eating one night, she inspected the apartment as usual to make sure I'd done my chores correctly; to my horror, she found dust on one of the window sills and took me over her lap and paddled my butt until I broke down and cried. 

Trust me, there is nothing more humiliating than when the woman you love spanks you like you're a little boy...and it is even more embarrassing when, afterwards, she points at your hard prick and laughs at you and says, "You're not a real man-you could never satisfy a woman with that tiny thing-you are a pathetic, pantyboy-sissy, aren't you?"

And worst of all is when you have to admit to your beautiful, and sexy girlfriend, "I'm sorry, Mistress Sarah-I'm not a real man-I could never satisfy a woman with my tiny dinky-YES, I am a pathetic, little pantyboy-sissy!" 

And you have to say it convincingly or she'll take you over her knee again!

Our lovemaking consisted of me kneeling between her legs, satisfying her with my mouth and hands, and if she were in the mood, would hand me my dildo and say, "Do you want to fuck your pussy with this hard cock, sissyboy?"

And I would have to reply: "Yes, please, Mistress Sarah-please let me fuck my pussy with the hard cock-pleeeeezzzzzzz?"

Sometimes she would tease me and say, "Not tonight, my little bitch-get back down there and lick my asshole!"

Other times, when she wasn't too tired and wanted me to put on a show for her, she'd smile sweetly and say, "Go ahead, pantyboy-do what comes natural for a sissy-faggot like you-fuck your pussy while you jack-off into my panties!"

I couldn't believe how much her crude words excited me!

"Thank you, Mistress Sarah-thank you so much!" I would say every time.

She had me on my wide-split knees facing her. I had to stare into her eyes whenever she allowed me to pleasure myself...her large, deep blue eyes that penetrated me to my very soul...the knowing smirk on her face as I madly thrust the dildo into me, bumping my prostate, causing me to cry out in delight...I was aware of her hand between her legs, caressing the wet lips of her sex but I was not permitted to look anywhere but her eyes.

And finally, when my balls began to ache and I threw caution to the wind and vigorously rammed the fake cock in and out of my pussy-I saw myself in her eyes-I saw an impotent—powerless boy willing to shame and subjugate himself simply for his deep-seated need for a woman's acceptance and approval.

"I'M-CUMMING-IN-MY-PANTIES-MISTRESS-SARAH-OH-GOD-OH-GOD-YES-YES-YES-I'M-CUMMING-MISTRESS-SARAH-I'M-CUMMING-I-LOVE-YOU-MISTRESS-SARAH-I-LOVE-YOUUUUUUUUUUU..."

Yes, I was growing into my new role...I fully accepted and appreciated not only Sarah's control over me, but I embraced the notion that ALL women are my Superiors, and it made perfect sense it was my duty in life to serve and obey them.

Sarah's first day off from work was a Sunday, which is also my day off. Once I'd cleaned the kitchen after lunch, she said, "C'mon, we're going shopping!"

She always had me sit directly beside her whenever she drove us anywhere. It was just one more subtle method for emasculating me. 

And, like my previous trip in the car with her, she had me lower my slacks to my knees to expose the panties she had me wear that day, in this case, diaphanous pink panties with a darker pink, frilly waistband.

She dropped her hand to my crotch and gently caressed me to a full erection as she drove with her left hand. 

I guess I'll never get over how aroused I get wearing panties, and how super-excited my prick becomes when it is fondled and stroked thru the sheer material.

I noticed more construction on Highway 10, and reading the male-chauvinist billboards along the way it struck me like a bolt of lightening how odd my life had become in relation to the world around us.

I live in two different universes, I thought. 

My 'Outside Universe' is controlled and dominated by men, who in no way, shape or form would accept, much less tolerate, female equality, and domination. While in my "Inside Universe,' I was totally controlled and dominated by just about every woman with whom I had contact.

It occurred to me all I had to do to regain my self-respect, and control of my own life, was to go to the male authorities, file a complaint, and the women would be subject to punishment and imprisonment...case closed-problem solved!

My sweet, sweet Sarah grasped my hard-on with her thumb and two fingers and firmly stroked me thru the panties and my common sense suddenly returned:

I don't like The New World Order...I strongly disagree with everything it stands for—Endless War-Poverty-Enslavement of the average citizen for the profits of the 1%-brutal and senseless mayhem and murder and imprisonment...no, it is wrong and corrupt!
