 Greyson let each step fall silent as the night sky above him, his approach careful, slow, he wanted nothing more then to catch another glimpse of the enchanting form he had witnessed some two nights before. There was no rational way for him to explain it, he knew well enough that where lust and desire were concerned, rationality had no place. With the shadows cloaking him he came to rest outside the clearing she had chosen, feeling that warm spring breeze brushing against his cheeks as his alluring green eyes came to rest upon the silken clad figure he longed to see again.

Her dance had barely started, her communion with the moonlight still in its early stages, and she, this ethereal creature remained unknowing of his presence as Ariellia began to move. No music could be played to match her movements, for the song to which she danced was the song of the heavens itself and was far to beautiful for mortals to ever play. With tresses of shimmering ice cascading down a back turned to his eyes, her hips began their gentle swaying. Her hands, her delicate fingers, started upon her hips and slipped over the flat of her stomach, feeling the material that still hid her nudity from prying eyes. Ariellia's head tilted back as those fingers moved in sidewinder fashion across her taunt stomach, sliding upwards ever so slowly, the tips of each digit slowly tracing the curves of well formed breast. As they slid up further, her crystalline blue eyes opened to drink in the majesty of the heavens above as the potent sensation of her communion filled her senses, stoking her inner fires.

Greyson felt humbled, tormented, awe-struck, at the form once more dancing before his eyes. Even in this early stage she was beyond beautiful, she was exquisite in the waves of sensuality and passion that radiated off of her. The creamy complexion of her skin seemed to drink in the moonlight falling upon it, the swell of her ample breasts rising and falling beneath that silken robe were like twin mountains heralding triumph to any explorer brazen enough to mount their peaks. Every curve and nuance seemed to etch itself upon his memory as he drew in another shaky breath, chilled by the sight before him, heated by the arousal she stirred inside him.

Each of Ariellia's movements became more dramatic, flowed more gracefully, her fingers sliding down against her bared throat, tracing creamy flesh and parting a slow v in her dark silken robe. She would spin slowly, letting that material slip from her shoulders, strands of orange and red and yellow floating on the wind as one hand reached out and seemed to caress the form of some unseen lover she longed to caress. AS those crystalline blue orbs scanned the perimeter of the clearing she felt more then saw a gaze upon her, drank in the affects she knew to be having upon whatever lay in the darkness watching, let that too fuel her dance. She paused in her spin, facing in the direction she felt her admirer's eyes gazing from, and let the robe fall to her elbows, capturing the garment before too much was revealed, but showing enough to tantalize whoever watched as much as it tantalized her. Still, knowing someone watched, she let it slip from the forefront of her mind and returned to the communion with the moonlight. Ariellia lost herself in that song she seemed to hear in the night, letting the side of her body face her unknown admirer as the robe fell further, pooling around her feet and forgotten for the moment.

Greyson drew back further into the shadows as he watched Ariellia turn to face his direction, sensed her knowledge of his presence, felt himself fluster at the thought of her judging him worthy enough to remain as he was and continue to merely view the mounting spectacle. As the swell of her cleavage was shown to him, the radiance of moonlight on her skin dazzling to his alluring green eyes, he let one hand slip down to shift the growing hardness and let it rest more comfortably within his leather breeches. This sight was far to enchanting to debase with the eager groping of his own flesh, though he might resort to that once he had returned to his campsite, for now he merely needed to drink in the sight of her as Ariellia turned and beared her body to the night sky.

Ariellia's fingertips felt as if they would glow with all the energy pouring through them, every simple touch to her flesh sent small bolts of pleasure tingling across her skin. Lost in her Celestial song, her admirer not fully forgotten but left in the very recesses of her mind, she began to lightly tweak the nipples upon her ample breasts and urge them to perk. Soft moans would flow from her lips at each magnificent touch, her hips undulating faster, eyes half lidded as she stared up at the stars and cupped her breasts, massaging them, offering them to whatever being in heaven would deem her worthy. As that rhythm played through her, as her communion filled her with energies of passion and lust, Ariellia would let a single hand slip down her tight stomach and trace the supple creamy flesh of her inner thigh. The heat there was intense, the need would have been startling had she not felt it so often before, and the barest touch of fingertips to her smooth and slick petals sent a potent jolt of pleasure straight to her core, making her cry out to the stars.

Greyson rested himself against a tree, continually moistening his lips as they dried again and again from watching her. The eroticism of it all was far to powerful to ignore, to delicious to ever fight, he let himself go so some of what she felt might flow into him, so he might better understand this communion. His eyes never closed, seemingly never blinked, his breathing came faster and he fought down a soft moan as she gasped at the touch of her fingers to her breasts, the cry of pleasure as she caressed her barely glimpsed sex. Unconciously his fingers moved along the bindings of his shirt, undoing them, letting it hang open so his toned flesh might feel the warm breeze that seemed so cool compared to the heat growing inside him from his voyuerism.

Ariellia let a slim finger stroke her clitoris, her knees weakening, her form lowering slowly to let the ground embrace her as she encouraged the pleasure and energy garnered from this ritual to infuse her body, to make a better offering to the night above. Her eyes closed fully as she sank a digit within herself, stirring slowly, pumping it in and out of her depths and groaning out into the night, her hips writhing and swaying, a beat never missed, as she gave herself to the night, let the darkness make her its lover and drank in the hedonism of it all. Those long icy tresses parted as her head turned and eyes parted slow, a scent carried on the breeze of a man's musk, of his hunger, filling her senses, making her smile and look towards her admirer's hiding spot. She would let the thoughts of that being fill her mind, the sensations they would feel were they bold enough to join her, the pleasure she could give and take for this act. But she was not one to ask, nor one to offer, let them come if her dance drew them in, let them take what they wished or give what they desired and no more. For this ritual was as much for herself as those few who had ever witnessed it, far too few she felt. She rose up slowly, turning to face her hidden lover, eyes gazing towards whomever it may be as she remained kneeled there with thighs generously spread and hands working fervently at the points of pleasure burning on her skin.

Again he shifted his hardness, watching her intently, hungrily now, contemplating all that she seemed to offer for the barest of moments. Whatever debate would have raged in his mind fled him, he felt only the base animalistic hunger for her that her communion was intended to inspire. Yet he didn't move yet, to end it now, to take her would be glorious, but what then, even in his state he knew that some treats are best waited upon, savored, and her dance was something worth savoring. Still his clothes slipped from his body fully, he felt the warm breeze brushing his naked skin, dancing and swirling around his elongated manhood, his gaze staring at the kneeling swaying woman who would continue this ritual with or without his presence, with or without his intervention.

Ariellia's body swayed faster, her fingers moved more diligently, two continually pumping themselves into her dripping sex as she molested her breasts. Even in this position her grace never faltered, and she began to melt from one position to the next, offering different views to her admirer and to the night for which she danced. She lay upon her back with legs spread, back and hips rolling up and down against her thrusting fingers. She melted on her hands and knees facing away from the shadows in which Greyson lurked, one hand slid back and easily seen as it stroked against her smooth sex. She rose up, back facing him, form bouncing lightly as if she rode some well endowed lover for all that he could offer. Her moans never stopped, they flowed with the Celestial song playing in her mind, Ariellia's icy tresses stuck in places to her glistening skin, flew wildly with her undulations in other places. She felt herself become that animal, that primal woman lost in lust, immersed in pleasure, and lover or not she gave herself to the darkness surrounding her and the moonlight pouring over her naked form. Ariellia felt it growing inside her trembling form as she continued to move, to offer herself, the quickening of her pulse, the heaving of her breasts, the quivering of her loins. The climax that her ritual spawned was intense as ever, ever more so know that she knew hungry eyes lay upon her and fevered fantasies filled her thoughts. As she tensed, upon her knees facing those eyes once more, her head thrown back and a scream given to the night, she let the waves of her orgasm overwhelm her. She gave voice to all the pleasure such primal hunger would yield and shuddered, moonlight dancing off the perspiration on her creamy flesh as it poured through her body and out of her into the darkness.

He felt it like a wave washing over him, gentle at first as it brushed his skin, tingling sparks dancing on the standing ends of hairs. Then the shudder that ran through him, the pulsing of his cock, the shaky intake of breath. What poured from her now filled him like an empty vessel and he supped from it like a withered plant drinks a refreshing rain. His own climax exploded forth without touch, spraying out to land upon the leaves and branches below his feet, eyes refusing to close and cut him off from the sight before them. As she screamed to the night, to her hidden lover, he shook violently a moment longer then, took his first step forward and into the dim moonlight falling upon the clearing. Let her see him now, tall and lithe, muscles rolling under his flesh like some jungle cat, eyes of alluring green blazing with hunger as they watch her. His manhood thick and engorged, strands of white hair framing his face, and a smile of pure bewitchment upon slender sensual lips. He was coming for her....

Words, Words had lost all meaning to either of them now, there was little left save the throb of need, the pulse of desire, the pangs of lust. With every step he took towards Ariellia she had chance to immerse herself in the sight of his nude form approaching her own, to drink in the energy flowing from those alluring green eyes. Greyson too drank what energy poured from her skin like water against a pane of glass, feeling it wrapping around him like expensive silk, cool, comforting, alluring. Drawn to this creature whose skin still shone with the perspiration caused by her moonlight ritural he felt his tongue stroke against his lips, felt his manhood throb, felt his muscles tense as he moved closer, closer, closer. As the space between them narrowed there was nothing but those two creatures, radiant in their need for one another, glowing under the light of the moon, wrapped in the embrace of the dark.

Ariellia smirked lightly, naughtily, a thought running through her mind, the desire to make this moment last, to see every ounce of energy gifted by the gods in their rapture spent upon one another. The dance alone had brought them to a near frenzy, but near wasn't close enough, in that single moment of thought the gods demanded they give themselves to the moment totally. With a flick of a crimson tongue against soft lips she threw her intended a heated kiss and then sprang to lithe, quivering legs and dashed towards the clearing's opposite side. No pause was given to look back, no moment taken to see if her predator would hunt the prey, she merely let those toned long legs carry her across the soft grass, let the warm spring wind lift her arctic tresses as she made her way into the darkness surrounding them.

Had a scrap of rationality remained he would have considered it, seen some greater threat inherent in her sudden rush, some rejection that moments ago never existed. Too enraptured was he with the power of her ritual, to immersed in the energy that flowed between them, that Greyson gave no thought to the sudden tension in his own lithe form, the sudden rush of warm air as he sprang after his intended mere moments after she had taken flight. With every movement he let the hunger she inspired fuel him, his form blazing with its captured energy, muscles rippling, straining, tightening as he ran into the darkness after Ariellia and was soon swallowed up by that same glowing ebony.

A laugh carried from her lips as she heard his approach, a glance cast over her shoulder to see him in motion, to admire the grace of his strides before she returned to the path ahead of her. She knew well enough where it would lead, never worried that he would follow until he fell from exhaustion or captured her in his virile embrace. She longed desperately for the second but never refused the energy, the compulsion to run on, to move, to let her energy soar on the warm spring winds. The occasional whip of thin but strong branches against her flesh only served to heighten her anticipation, no stranger to the mingling of pain and pleasure where the matter of passion was concerned. She welcomed the sting as much as she welcomed the warm fingers of the wind running through her hair, over her thighs, against her sex. A shiver ran along her spine, capturing her in its wave, sending her forward faster, the energy only growing inside Ariellia's nude racing form. The slight heave of her full breasts was lost to her senses, the deep breathes, the husky moans that would slip forth as the heat of her body was teased by the lesser warmth of the wind against aching nipples and quaking sex. The racing of her heart was most powerful of all, enhanced by the mind altering perceptions of the ritual, she felt each heavy beat in her chest like a firm thrust into her soaking pussy. Ariellia's bare feet never faltered, the ground upon which she ran felt like satin, smooth and cool, but with a definite warmth beneath. She knew that had the fates not given her this predator tonight she would have drank in the sensual appeal of that warm ground as she spent her energy alone yet in the embrace of spirits and gods.

His senses flared as they raced through the night, her scent carried on the stream caused by her passage reaching his nostrils and making them Ariellia as he drank in its promises. Her laughter, her soft moans in the night like the whispers of lovers across the face of that dark land, the pounding of her heart thrumming in his ears as a firm counterpoint, a reminder of the exertion of their dash and the energy that would let them run harder and faster than they ever could, and let their blossoming passion burn across their flesh like nothing before. The shadows that concealed her seemed sensuous to his sharpened eyes, the pale flashes of glowing flesh when the covering of trees was lost and the moon shone down upon her like an explosion of radiant beauty. Greyson chased Ariellia like the hunter chases its prey, he felt that energy in him, she was not meat to devour but flesh to consume, she was the prize this contest would favor him with, she was the star which mortals reached out for in the night. Even in the darkness he could see her flesh as a gentle glow before him, the tinges of blue in her hair glistening, her muscles rolling beneath creamy flesh. He would reach one hand out as he closed, fingertips brushing against her backside before a sudden shift sent her speeding off in another direction, a moment lost as their energies met and crackled like pounding thunder before he too would shift and continue the chase.

The ache in her loins became more intense at that touch, that jolt of empassioned essence blazing through her skin threatening to set off a powerful orgasm that would surely bring the woman to forest floor to await his capture. Still Ariellia sped on, absorbing the energy his touch sent into her and letting it fuel her own senses, her own motions. She could hear the own beating of his heart, the brush of his flesh as its caressed over itself, the husky intake of much needed oxygen that kept his blood flowing through vital and engorged muscles. Longing to see him again, to him gaining on her, eyes wild and hands reaching, she fought her urge to look back to him and kept up her pace, gliding over foliage and soft glistening grass. The brush of flower petals against her skin made it tingle and tremble, every bare touch to her skin made her want to burst with ecstasy again, but his scent, that bare hint of him that she had gained before the run began lingered in her senses and made her dizzy with lust for him. She wanted to say some words that would empower him, make her preadator more thirsty for the end, but Ariellia knew without thinking the best words were those spoken in the language of passion, and so as she ran she let her lush lips part and a moan heavy with the need for him carry back on the wind.

As that moan slipped into his frenzied thoughts he nearly growled, a sound that she would hear in her dash, his legs slick with sweat as he fought forward, pushing himself harder, the taste of her so clear in his mouth. The landscape before him shifted slowly, the forest thinning and the sounds of the enviroment carried towards him as well. He heard the soft babble of the stream, the dance of the water as it fell from above to meet the earth below once more. The glow of the crystalline line ahead seemed to flare as it sensed their approach, its serpentine length promising much to the approaching runners. Those soft nuances filled his mind as they broke into the clearing, and using that energy he felt still pouring from the nearing form before his eyes he let it flow towards his legs, tensing them and leaping, hands outstretched as a roar of pure masculine need tore from his lips and her flaming locks brushed his cheeks.

Ariellia gasped as they entered the clearing, she knew it well for its sacred powers and ancient rites, but never had she been priviledged to enter its protected wood. The glow of the stream ahead was enchanting, taking her breath away nearly as much as the sudden roar of power behind her distracted her lust ridden thoughts. At his touch she felt her shoulders burn, her body burst, falling forward with him towards the soft embrace of the ground, feeling its cushioning soften the landing below as his form landed hard above her own. His breath poured out hot and steady into her ear, soft grunts, whispers of words never written, hands sliding against her flesh leaving a trail of energy that all swirled inwards towards the center of her sex. She responded as only she could, her back arching, knees placing themselves against the ground, moans flowing from her lips as she positioned herself for her preadator, as she submitted to the powerful hands curling against her thighs. As his hands locked against her hips she felt them finally connect that essence they shared, felt it flow through her body and his own, heard their heart beats steady and slip into a pounding rhythm. Her eyes, glazed and seeing more then they ever had, held fast to the stream as time seemed to freeze, as the darkness drew in a hot breath and held it, waiting, expecting, longing.
