 I was beginning to feel somewhat lightheaded. I wasn't sure if the second-hand smoke from the marijuana inside The Coral Reefer was affecting me, or whether my nerves were reacting to the fact I was about to meet a powerful man, perhaps someone I knew, who'd made an interesting bid on my virginity. 

There was a slight commotion at the podium. I looked and saw Monica welcoming a man and a woman. Her voice had become high-pitched, and her body language overly animated as she fawned over the man and woman.

The man was younger, and shorter than the impeccably dressed woman; he walked away from the woman and went towards the far-right corner of the room. The woman refused a menu from Monica, turned, and came in my direction.

I couldn't take my eyes off her; I tried my best to hide my stare. 

Tall, and elegant; she walked with the confidence only powerful women possess. Her blouse was silk, and expensive. Her skirt came several inches above her knees. She stood completely upright with shoulders thrown back. 

Most women these days didn't have the confidence, maybe even a touch of arrogance as well, to walk as tall and proudly as this woman. I was totally blown-away with her demeanor.

She was getting closer to my table so I had to avert my eyes. For some unfathomable reason, I felt my heart pounding.

She was standing beside my table as I took a deep gulp of water.

"Sarah, thank you very much for meeting me here!" I thought I heard her say.

I looked around to see who she was talking to-she was talking to me!

I was dumbfounded and tongue-tied. I couldn't imagine how she knew my name.

She had a low, pleasant laugh. "You weren't expecting to meet a woman here, were you?"

OH MY GOSH-NO-It had never-ever occurred to me a woman would make a bid for my virginity. 

Then she said something that made the hairs on my neck stand straight, and caused my hands to tremble.

"Sarah, my name is Missy Hatfield-it is a true pleasure to meet you!"

She offered me her hand. I momentarily froze, but recovered soon enough to stand, and shake her hand. Her handshake was as impressive as her appearance.

"Ms Hatfield-it is an honor to meet you...and, uh, well, no-no, I didn't think I'd be meeting a woman here today!" I said in a quivering voice.

I guessed she was a good four-inches taller than me. I gazed up at her beautiful face and found myself lost for words again. 

"Are you hungry, dear? I'm famished-please-sit!" she said and lowered herself into the seat across from mine. I took a deep breath and sat down.

Almost immediately, Barry the server was standing at our table.

"Ms Hatfield, it is an honor and a privilege to serve you again! May I bring you a cool beverage today?" he said in his most professional manner.

"Hi Barry, good to see you, too...Sarah, dear, would you join me in a glass of chardonnay?" she asked.

"Y-Yes, I would love to!" I said even though I'd never had a glass of wine in my life. Once again, I couldn't resist furtively glancing at the large bulge inside the servers speedo.

When Barry left the table Ms Hatfield said with a wide smile, "Yes, dear...he does have an impressive package, doesn't he? AND, he knows how to use it, too!"

OH-MY-GOD-she'd caught me looking at him! I fought the urge to bury my face in my hands.

"Don't be embarrassed, dear-you're SUPPOSED to look! That's why we chose these uniforms!" she said matter-of-factly.

My ears pricked up. "We? Do you OWN this place?"

"Oh, good catch, dear-yes, the corporation owns this company, as well as many other businesses...which is precisely why I invited you here today...you see, dear, All-American Hardware isn't about nuts and bolts and screwdrivers and hammers...no, we have a very wide portfolio of distinctly different businesses that keeps us busy, and, quite frankly, stretched very thin when it comes to finding talented management."

I couldn't believe how quickly Barry returned with our wine.

"Thank you, Barry," said Ms Hatfield. "I know it's only been two weeks, but how do you enjoy working here so far?"

I saw her hand slowly dip underneath the table, and I wasn't sure, but I swore she was massaging his thigh...and then I saw an almost imperceptible twitching inside Barry's speedo.

"Uh, well-I love it, Ms Hatfield," he nervously replied. 

"Are you earning an adequate income, Barry?" she said.

Her hand was still busy on his thigh, and OH-MY-GOD-Barry's speedo began tenting-out. She was deliberately teasing him into an erection for my benefit.

"Y-Y-Yes, Ms Hatfield...I make enough..." he said; obviously very uncomfortable with his growing problem.

She removed her hand from Barry and lifted her glass to me and said, "Cheers! Thank you for coming today!"

I clinked her glass and said, "Thank you for inviting me!"

"Sarah, do you like hamburgers? We make the best in town here-if you will allow me to order for you I think you'll enjoy it!"

"Oh-sure...that would be nice," I replied.

She is certainly accustomed to being in control...she's a definite alpha-type female...I was VERY impressed!

She ordered the food and Barry hurried away with a three-quarter hard-on opening the top of his speedo. I was thinking it is a good thing it's dark in here otherwise Barry could be in for some real embarrassment.

"See what kind of fun I have in my position, Sarah?" she asked with a smile.

I laughed and said, "Yes, your job does seem to have some interesting perks!"

"You don't know the half of it, dear," she laughed.

We sipped our wine. I had never felt so relaxed with such a powerful person. 

"You do know your boyfriend works for me, right dear?" she asked with a gleam in her eyes.

"Oh, yes-he told me the day you hired him...but he hasn't said anything about what his job actually entails," I said.

"No? Nothing at all?" she pressed me.

"Nothing...he said he signed some kind of agreement that forbids him from talking about anything that happens on company property...is that true?" I asked innocently.

"Yes, dear, all employees are required to sign a nondisclosure agreement-corporations have to be very careful these days in protecting their intellectual property!" she answered.

She gave me an opening to tell her about Caroline-to get even with that bitch...my heart screamed "DO IT-SAY SOMETHING" but my brain said "Not now-it's too early-you just met this woman-I don't want to appear to be some kind of vengeful cunt." I decided to wait.

"Tell me about your relationship with John...since you're offering to sell your virginity, that means you obviously haven't had intercourse with him...do you two do 'other' things to keep you satisfied?" she asked.

This time I blushed a deeper red and when I didn't respond fast enough she continued: "I'm not deliberately trying to make you uncomfortable, dear...but in this New World, women are experiencing a sexual freedom previously denied to us...granted, this 'freedom' has been forced on us, but it is nonetheless a step in the right direction...women have always shared intimate details of their sex lives with one other, and now we can do so without guilt or shame...are you the one who taught John his oral skills?" 

I smiled and looked into her eyes. "Yes, he is a wonderful-"

She finished my thought.

"Pussy-eater? Cunt-licker? Yes, he is, dear," she said. "You've done a magnificent job training him!"

I found myself saying, "Thank you."

"How about you, Sarah, almost all women these days need to use sex to get what they want or need...you are such a beautiful girl with a shapely figure, I have to assume you've been forced into situations where you have had to rely on your body to get what you need?" she asked.

There was no question I would tell this woman the truth...something deep in my mind said she would instinctively know whether I was truthful or not...what difference does it make anyhow? I asked myself. I might as well admit everything.

"Well, I worked at a burger place and to get more hours, I had to put-out for the owners son," I said calmly.

"Short of intercourse, naturally...what did he have you do?" she asked.

I averted her eyes and answered, "I had to show him my breasts as I sat on his lap and masturbated him."

"How was his cock, dear? Did he at least have a nice one?" she asked.

With a sheepish grin, I replied, "Yes...it was pretty nice, longer and thicker than-uh, well..."

"Bigger than Johns," she said; once again completing my thought.

"Yeah, I'm afraid so..." I sighed.

"Are you aware of your boyfriend's panty fetish?" she asked.

"I am now...I mean, yes...I discovered his little secret," I replied, not knowing how much I should admit knowing.

"Does he have a special name for you-do you insist he address you in a certain manner?" she asked softly.

"Well, uh...lately I've had him call me 'Mistress Sarah'..." I reluctantly said. I didn't understand where this conversation was going.

She sipped her wine, sat back and stared into my eyes.

"Sarah, you're a bright girl-I have a riddle for you to solve, okay?" she said.

"Well, uh, sure, I guess so," I answered.

"How is it that I know so many personal details about your boyfriend, and yet not once did you ask me how I know these things? For instance, how do I know he has a small penis? How do I know he's very good at eating pussy? How do I know he loves wearing panties? And, how is it you have lately insisted he address you as 'Mistress'-just as I insist he call me at the office? It seems to me, he has told you what goes on at work in direct violation of the non-disclosure agreement!"

Her narrowed eyes bore a hole thru my head. 

"No-no-he hasn't said a word, Ms Hatfield-I swear..." I said. And then I realized I was in the position I wanted to be in: she was forcing me to rat-out Caroline.

"Well then, dear, how do you know so much? Do you know someone inside my organization who told you what happens here-who is it, Sarah?" she asked.

"I, uh...I really don't want to get her in trouble, Ms Hatfield," I coyly said.

Her strange smile unnerved me. "Sarah," she said gazing into my eyes, "...are you 'playing' me? Are you deliberately trying to get your friend, Caroline, in trouble?"

It felt like I was hit by lightening! OH MY GOD-How on earth could she possibly know this? What do I do now?

"Sarah, you are here today because we've done extensive research into your life and I believe you have the mindset and abilities to become one of us," she calmly explained, "...however, honesty and truthfulness is an absolute prerequisite in all of our managerial candidates...if I choose to hire you-you will keep NO SECRETS from me! I think you will find that you will be able to discuss ANYTHING with me as long as you offer truthful statements and honest, well-thought out insights..."

MY GOODNESS-I've never met anyone like her...I was trembling out of both fear and simple awesome respect for this woman...her powerful and commanding presence was making my heart pound faster.

She continued, "Now, let's try this again: Did Caroline tell you details of what happens at work, or are you intentionally trying to get her in trouble?"

WOW...this woman sure has a way of phrasing questions that really backs you into corners!

She thinks I have "...the mindset and abilities to become ONE OF US?" From what I could surmise becoming ONE OF US would be a terrific and fantastic achievement...don't blow this now, girl, tell her the truth!

I steadied my hands, returned her intense gaze, and said, "Yes, Caroline told me all the details of what Johnny does at work, and yes-I am deliberately trying to get her in trouble with you...I am very sorry, Ms Hatfield, I will never lie, or try to deceive you again-I promise!"

At that moment, Barry came with our food and I couldn't have been more relieved. She attacked her burger with gusto.

"Tell me everything Caroline said to you," she said between mouthfuls.

It was a direct order so I began by saying, "Yes, Ms Hatfield..." and I launched into a full-blown narrative of what Caroline said took place in the office...of my love and concern for my submissive boyfriend...how I actually liked what Caroline had told me EXCEPT her abuse of him-it is not for her to treat Johnny in that manner. 

I told her how I appreciated the way he was being trained at the office, and how I intended to carry on with that training going so far as telling her every last detail that happened the night before. 

I finished with "...he's a wonderful boy-I love him with all my heart and I only want the best for him...and I think the best thing in the world for him is to serve and obey women!"

I reached for the wine glass but she took my hand in hers, and said, "This is how you and I will talk...there will be no secrets-you will discuss EVERYTHING in your life with me...we will train your boyfriend together...college at this time will do you no good-the game is fixed against women-your only chance at success is to come work for me...I have a feeling about you...I studied your high school mental and emotional evaluations and you know what? You and I are very similar people...if you choose to obey and serve me-you will become a very rich and powerful woman in the not-too-distant future."

I was overwhelmed by her praise, but there was still the matter of needing money, maybe not now for college, but I felt an obligation to my parents to help get them out of debt.

"B-But I still need to get my folks out of the hole they're in...and what would I do for you? I will be the first to admit I have no useful business skills-"

"Can you listen and learn?" she asked.

"Well, yes, I learn very quickly, but still-"

"Well then let me be the judge...I will decide what I think you can and can't do...the immediate plan is in two-three weeks, I expect to teach you enough to enable you to manage this place on your own...sure, you'll make mistakes, but you will learn from them...tell me the amount of money your parents need, and I will take care of it...trust not only in me-but most importantly in yourself!"

"I-I don't know what to say..."

"Tell me you want to serve and obey me...first though, I have a secret about your boyfriend I must share with you-remember-NO SECRETS BETWEEN US...did you see the young man I came here with? (I nodded) He is my Assistant, his name is Bradley—he's really my right-hand man...and he's gay, not a problem...anyway, every day John has worked for us he has sucked Bradley's cock and John loves it!"

My eyes and mouth flew wide open. HUH? WHAT?

She chuckled and continued: "Did you know that John is not only submissive, but he's also bi-sexual?"

"Oh my God-I had no idea!" I admitted to her. "I've never seen that side of him...I know he has a strong feminine side, but I didn't know he likes men's, uh-"

"COCKS?" she once again finished my sentence for me. "In our psychologists determination, he suffers a complex common to many men with small penises...it's really 'penis envy' but for the male...deep down he knows he cannot satisfy a woman thru the traditional method of intercourse so to earn her love and approval, he will perform virtually any act a woman demands of him...and because he is an insecure male-he possesses the natural instinct to become aroused by humiliation and subjugation..."

She finished her wine then quickly added: "Make no judgments of him-just consider the possibilities...your boyfriend's bi-sexuality and need to obey women opens a veritable Pandora's box of sexual experimentation that will provide you with great pleasure and innumerable orgasms...plus, you will be performing a great service for him by guiding him to accept and enjoy his role as an inferior male!"

To my dismay, I felt myself moistening at the very thought of complete control and power over Johnny. She's right, damnit-he was born to serve women and I love him dearly...I owe it to him to be a strong, Superior female and give him the humiliation and discipline all inferior males secretly desire!

WOW...this was the most heady and adult conversation I'd ever had in my nineteen years. She is the most impressive woman—no, the most impressive 'person' I've ever met.

"I-I think I would like to give this job a try, Ms Hatfield" I said softly to her.

"I haven't offered it to you yet...I will first show you around here, and explain some things to you-feel free to ask questions, and if I decide to offer you the position, you will look me in the eyes, and say: "Mistress, please allow me to serve and obey you!"

She chuckled at the surprised expression on my face then said, "To prove your sincerity to me, and that I'm not wasting my time with you-you will begin to address me as "Mistress' immediately...and obey any orders I may give you...do you understand me, girl?"

It just rolled off my tongue like it was the most natural thing in the world to say: "Yes, Mistress-I understand Mistress!"

Barry came to the table with the check. Ms Hatfield, err, Mistress, signed her account number. She stopped Barry just as he was leaving.

"Sarah," she said looking directly into my eyes, "...I think you should feel how smooth Barry's thighs are, don't you?"

A slight flush covered my face; my pulse quickened.

"Y-Yes, Mistress," I said as I reached under the table and began stroking Barry's strong thighs.

His reaction was almost immediate...the bulge in his speedo began twitching and growing.

I looked at Mistress and she mildly scolded me: "Don't look at me, girl, look where you WANT to look!"

I openly stared at his crotch as my hands worked him to a full erection. The top of his speedo pushed open far enough for me to see inside.

He was, indeed, very well endowed. Mistress laughed at my lusty gaze. 

"You may leave now, Barry!" she told the trembling boy.

She asked me, "Is John's dick the only one you've ever seen?"

I blushed and quietly said, "Yes, Mistress."

"Oh girl," she laughed. "If I hire you, the first few weeks here you'll be like a kid in a candy store!"

And from the heat I was feeling between my tightly closed legs, I suspected she was right.

"That reminds me, dear," she said. "If I choose to hire you, I will own your virginity and I will decide how you lose them-is that understood?"

"Y-Yes, Mistress," I gasped.

She abruptly stood, and said "Follow me!" then walked away.

When I replied, "Yes, Mistress" she was already too far away to hear me. I had to hurry to catch her...we only walked a short distance, but in that time I found I could not take my eyes off her swinging skirt and her rhythmically swaying buttocks. 

She led me everywhere in the club; introduced me to all the employees we encountered...she made exact and concise explanations of how she expected the business to be run...how to treat the employees in a courteous, yet no-nonsense style. 

I learned when customers could not hear us, the employees said, "Yes, Mistress" when spoken to...she told everyone "This is Sarah-you will obey her as you do me" and the workers, some of whom were my age, but mostly older, would unexpectedly bow to me and say "It will be an honor to serve and obey you, Mistress Sarah."

I took the differential treatment in stride knowing full-well that if I stupidly said or did anything that displeased Mistress, she could easily eviscerate and humiliate me before the very people I could soon be managing...if she chose to hire me.

It is not my custom or habit to blindly follow and obey another human being-male or female-I too am an alpha-type person...but I found myself overwhelmed by Mistresses entire persona...the ease and nonchalance with which she transitioned from mini-crisis-to-mini-crisis, and the instant decisions she made to solve problems, or give simple advice.

Maybe I said this before, but it is worth repeating: I could never, in my entire life, meet another human being who not only commanded my respect and admiration, but who also totally deserved it. 
