 Celestine slid her hand down T'mys's chest. She pushed farther south, over his gun belt down onto his groin. She caressed and groped him, immediately rewarded with a strong stirring under her palm.

"You know how to use this cannon, gunslinger?" She purred.

T'mys crashed his head back against the wall. The feeling was incredible. Celestine released his manhood and brought her hand back up to his face. With her index finger she pulled his face towards her by his chin. All the blood in T'mys's brain was rapidly traveling southward to fill a much more swelling need. Logic was quickly evolving into lust and desire.

When the two finally parted, T'mys barely had time to catch his breath before Gloria pulled his face towards hers. She kissed him hard, using her teeth to pull at his bottom lip before diving back into the kiss, tongues intertwined, and her hand still groping his ass as if it was a personal possession.

As she released his lips, T'mys began to stammer "I... I have... a room..." he barely registered he was evening speaking.

"My-my, aren't you the little prepared one?" Gloria whispered into his ear before taking another nibble.

She pulled him by the hand off the wall and headed towards the bat wing doors of the pub. His other hand quickly filled by Celestine's. Gloria had a huge smile on her face, and her skin blushed with rosy life. Celestine was also smiling ear to ear, and although her ebony skin didn't blush she was breathing heavily.

As the three made their way up the stairs every eye in the pub was fixed upon them. T'mys was about to live out every man's dream. The trio was too busy giggling in anticipation to notice their audience. T'mys missed a step on the way up and fell backwards. His hands shot forward catching Gloria's as Celestine caught his backside by grabbing the seat of his pants.

"Oh no you don't," Gloria whispered loudly, "you aren't getting away that easily." She pulled him up towards her as Celestine pushed him forward.

T'mys landed in Gloria's embrace. "Who said I wanted to get away?" and he kissed her again. Gloria smiled, it was too easy to manipulate his desires, but now that she had, she would make her desires his as well.

Celestine stepped up behind T'mys, wrapping her arms around him from behind. Her arms sliding between T'mys and Gloria, accidentally rubbing up against Gloria's already aroused breasts. It was at this moment that Gloria decided she would have them both. Gloria pulled her hands from around the gun mage, intentionally making sure that the brush would caress the satyxis' own bosom. Celestine hadn't realized that Gloria had wanted her as well, but whatever Gloria wanted... whatever Deneghra wanted, she got.

Gloria pulled T'mys, both his hands in one of hers, down the hallway towards the rooms. T'mys followed, taking exaggerated steps with Celestine wrapped around him mimicking his movements. As they passed the second door T'mys stopped Gloria.

"No, here." He instructed, pulling her back to him quickly. Her momentum jumping her towards him, as T'mys planned so he could snatch another kiss. With his free hand he slipped back the simple bolt that acted as the door handle. Gloria turned and entered the dark room dragging the others behind her. She exaggerated the waggle in her hips as she moved forward to attract T'mys's gaze. She could feel him looking too, like a bee drawn to honey. Gloria kicked the door shut behind her, lines from the gas lights outside filtered in barely lighting the room.

"Let me get some light" T'mys whispered to the pair. Celestine released him from her grasp as Gloria let his hand slip from her fingers. It pained him to leave the two beauties for even a second, but he desperately wanted a little light to see by. T'mys undid his gun belt as he made his way over to the room's small table. "Infe'ro." T'mys cast the cantrip, igniting not only the candles on the table but those on the beds headboard as well. T'mys turned slowly back towards the women chuckling "I guess I don't know my own powe..." He was stunned with awe into silence by the vision before him. They both stood next to the bed. Gloria was unlacing Celestine's corset, while Celestine's right hand was on Gloria far hip pulling the lacing open to her breeches.

"Let's hope you're right, soldier." Gloria purred as Celestine beckoned him forward with her free hand.

T'mys dropped his gun belt unceremoniously. It was by luck that the chair happened to be right there underneath him. It caught the loop of the gun belt on its back. T'mys began to unbutton his uniform blouse as he stepped toward the sirens.

T'mys took Celestine's outstretched hand, walking it back to her. He moved into her, kissing up her neck and nibbling on her earlobe. As he did this Gloria finished unlacing the satyxis's corset. Celestine dropped it from her shoulders, scooting T'mys back in the process. Her voluptuous breasts were heavy and had large purple areolas, T'mys pounced upon them once they were free. Celestine hadn't taken a lover since she had first arrived in Orven conclave. The touch of T'mys's tongue on her nipples was like a volcano, her nipples instantly rising in his mouth while his hands greedily caressed her flesh as Celestine held the gun mage's head against her.

Gloria rubbed T'mys's back as he continued his frontal assault on Celestine. It wasn't until the satyxis gasped with pleasure that Gloria turned the half elf to face her. She brought T'mys's hands to her own breasts, his hands cupping them perfectly. "Unlace me." Gloria commanded playfully. T'mys tore at the corsets leather strap like a child ripping open a birthday present. Behind him Celestine slid out of her boots carefully, as to not disturb their hidden contents, and kicked them to the base of the bed.

T'mys finished pulling the leather strap through its eye holes. Gloria's corset, having no shoulder support like Celestine's, fell backwards unto the floor. Her breasts were unblemished and fit perfectly in T'mys's hands. Her nipples were already hard and her skin was covered in goose pimples, Gloria found surprisingly, and with much delight, T'mys's touch arousing to her senses. Celestine reached around T'mys from behind and finished unbuttoning his uniform blouse. T'mys meanwhile had Gloria's nipple in between his teeth, flicking it playfully with his tongue as he exhaled warm air through his mouth unto the wet surface of her areola, only to inhale cold air on the same spot seconds later. The contrast felt electrifying on her skin, Gloria found her own hands holding T'mys head to her body as he worked, her finger intertwined in his long hair. Every now and then she would squee or giggle at the pleasure he was causing her.

When all the buttons were undone, Celestine slid the blouse off his shoulders from behind. This separated T'mys from Gloria's chest. He could see the flushed look upon her face and the heavy breaths she exhaled in excitement. He quickly pulled the white undershirt over his head. Gloria knelt down in front of him and began undoing the buttons of his denim trousers. Celestine saddled up behind T'mys, her nipples pressing into his back as her nails raked up his washboard chest from underneath. Celestine began planting small kisses on his shoulders and the back of his neck while Gloria slid off T'mys's boots. She slid down his pants next, T'mys subconsciously lifting each leg to help her with the task.

"What have we here?" Gloria giggled.

"Hmmm..." Celestine looked over T'mys's shoulder; still holding his body to hers.

T'mys was down to his loin cloth, which normally would hang down to just above his knees. Currently it was doing its best impression of a pup tent. The cloth hung over him like a loose cover. Celestine slid a hand down T'mys's side to the knot that held the loincloth up. With a simple tug on the material she undid the knot and the white fabric fell. Gloria had made to catch the cloth, removing the fabric from T'mys's enlarged member. T'mys watched Gloria in breathless anticipation.

"Yummy." Celestine whispered in T'mys's ear.

"Mmmmmm...." Is all Gloria said as she raised his tool in her hand. She couldn't fit her grasp all the way around him, as he pulsed and seem to grow in her hand. Gloria looked up at the two of them. "We know what to do with this, don't we?"

"Mmm-hmmm." Celestine purred. The satyxis moved around the gun mage, taking his arm as she went. With a sharp push T'mys fell, landing hard on the edge of the bed, almost missing it altogether. Celestine knelt down in front of him, spreading his legs wide. Crawling up between his legs she took his erection in her hands. It had been a long time since Celestine had been with a man, and she was not disappointed with the size and girth of the one before her now. She slowly began to stroke him, careful as she had never seen a circumcised penis before. Must be an elven thing she thought.

As Celestine stroked him up and down, Gloria crept up and over from the right leaning on T'mys's leg. She slid her hand under, gently cupping and caressing his balls. T'mys just rolled his head back in pure enjoyment of the moment. "No, like this." T'mys heard Gloria instruct softly. And when he looked back down at the two women, Gloria was moving in.

Gloria had hiked herself over his leg, and without ceremony she brought her mouth over the head of his penis, taking him in her mouth she reflexively rolled her tongue along the base of his shaft and back to the tip. T'mys could barely contain himself at the feeling. Elven guttural sounds sprang from his lips, and while neither woman could understand it, a rough translation would be 'Bless the Goddess'. Gloria continued to slide her mouth down until she reached Celestine's hand and then slide back up again. Before she pulled away she took the head in her lips, slowly pulling away she grazed her teeth lightly across his sensitive skin. She gave one more playful squeeze of his balls before retracting out of Celestine's way.

Celestine, taking the cue, moved her head into T'mys's groin, her long hair tickling his thighs. With her tongue she licked up the base of his shaft. She breathed in the strong musk of him and found it intoxicating. Instead of diving right in as Gloria had, Celestine licked and kissed his manhood. Moving down she took one of his testicles in her mouth, rolling it around in her tongue. T'mys was in ecstasy. Gloria aided by stoking his shaft while Celestine primed his balls with her talented tongue. When she finished, she trailed a row of kisses back up him. When she reached the top she engulfed him, his member filling her throat. She pushed down until her nose felt the tickle of hair at his pelvis. With long strokes Celestine would pull all the way to the tip only to plunge back down to his base. She stopped once, looking up at T'mys with his tip in her mouth. His eyes were fluttering and rolling back into his head with pleasure. Every now and then he would grunt out an elvish guttural curse or praise with a heavy breath.

Celestine went back to orally pleasing the elfling, shortly after she felt his hand drift onto her head. His hand would rise and lower with her movements. T'mys was getting excited; she could tell by the way he would push her head back down, not forcefully, but with a little added pressure to speed things along. Celestine had the situation well in control. She knew how to use her mouth, all the pleasing sensations that lips, teeth, and a tongue could offer. When T'mys felt his balls start to tighten he took Celestine by the horns. His gentle pushes becoming a little more forceful, holding them like reins, up and down, up... and... down.

Had it been any other situation Celestine would have killed him for this. But if she ruined this moment for Gloria, her own life would be forfeit. Adding to that fact was that Celestine herself could not explain how aroused she felt. True, it had been some time for her, but she was burning up inside. Something this young elfling would take care of soon enough, she hoped.

Gloria could sense the satyxis' ire rising, and the cause was easy to see. T'mys was being driven over the edge and enjoying every moment of it. And Gloria would not lose control of this situation over the casual placement of hands. "Oh T'mys..." she called to him as she stood.

T'mys's world came momentarily back into focus as he heard his name. He looked over to Gloria. Gloria's side lacing to her breeches had already been undone. Putting the emphasis into her every movement, she sexily bent over and slid her pants over her ass, and then lingeringly slow down her legs. She extracted each foot with precision, showing off her well-toned body. T'mys thought she was incredible. Gloria stood in his gaze for a moment, wearing nothing but a black loincloth herself. She moved with grace onto the bed next to him.

She placed her hands on his chest, "I have an itch..." Gloria cooed as she pushed him down unto the bed while climbing up next to him. T'mys's hands let go of Celestine's horns as he fell back. "...I'm hoping you can help me scratch." Gloria lifted her leg above his head, getting into a position where her knees were against his shoulders. T'mys only had a moment to see the bare skin of her folds before they came down upon his lips. The gun mage reached his hands around her thighs for leverage before diving into the freshly shaven area. Gloria only had a moment to sense the satyxis' ire disappear when T'mys released her horns. Gloria only had a moment, because an instant later the elfling had found her piercing and attacked it with his tongue.

T'mys had never seen a piercing down here. He had seen the piercings on the faces of the people from the Scharde Islands, but never below the neckline. For a fleeting moment he wondered what else they might pierce, but then realized exactly what Gloria's piercing was attached to. From thought to brain to action took only a second. His tongue played with the small ring like it was a new toy, which in its own way it was. He slid his tongue over her bud and between her folds, she was tangy and he wanted more of her. He sucked the small ring into his mouth, playing with her clitoris much like he had her nipples earlier; encircling it slowly, flicking it with his tongue. Pacing himself by her movements, the sudden clenching of her thighs and her low moans of pleasure, T'mys continued his oral assault.

Gloria raked her nails up his chest, her body experiencing building levels of pleasure she hadn't had in quite some time. Reddened scratch marks could easily be seen by the candlelight. Celestine continued her suckling, switching between the full length of him and his tightening balls below, the chore becoming easier now that the male had released her horns. Normally mates were warned against touching them, horns being a sacred part of their self. T'mys had meant no harm, and to gore him would have been... rude. But she had an itch as well she wanted this man to handle and, until that point she wanted his weapon primed for the job.

Gloria's legs were clutching his head tightly now, her moans and labored breathing were constant. Her damn was about to burst. T'mys also felt his own volcano about to explode. Too many sensations. He continued licking and probing Gloria with his tongue, but it became increasingly difficult as his own climax was fast approaching. Gloria's nails digging into his chest only seemed to drive him on harder and faster. Gloria cried out loudly as she came. Her thighs flooding down upon her lover, T'mys lapped her juices, the tangy sweetness washing over him. Celestine looked up at her partner for a moment, a laugh on her face. Seemed like the elfling knew what he was doing. Gloria was panting and moaning slowly as she began to come down from her own orgasmic burst.

Celestine could tell T'mys was close. His precum was on her tongue as she ran it along the base of his shaft. T'mys's balls had completely tightened up, and Gloria's own screams were sending T'mys threw the roof. Apparently this was a trait among the Willis men, heightened stimulation to the partner's excitement. He was about to explode and had no way of warning the beautiful woman between his legs. He was trying to hold off the intimate moment as best he could but when Celeste took his balls in her tickling fingers as she once again took him entirely in her mouth he lost control. T'mys erupted into Celestine's mouth. Celestine pulled back quickly as she swallowed down his first shot. She didn't care for the taste, but swallow or not; even Celestine knew it wasn't sexy to spit. T'mys's second blast left a line down her chin and neck as she was pulling back. She continued pumping him as he erupted before her yet again. The third eruption landed over the naked flesh of her bosom. Celestine continued kneading T'mys, his seed spilling over her hand as he softened. Softened, not deflated, Celestine was pleased to see. She still had plans of her own for this man.

Gloria looked through her sweat soaked hair with wanton lust on her face. She looked over at Celestine, the satyxis' eyes still latched firmly upon T'mys's member. She pulled her nails off of T'mys's chest, reaching over to Celestine's face. Gloria traced her finger up the line T'mys's manhood had made across Celestine's neck and chin. She brought the loaded finger back to her mouth, tasting him. The strong flavor of salt and musk bit at her tongue, and unlike Celestine, Gloria found she liked the taste. She slipped one hand over Celestine's ear, gently caressing it, while sweetly brushing the hair out of the satyxis's face. She pulled Celestine up off the floor towards her into a lustful kiss above T'mys.

Gloria pulled Celestine up onto the bed, laying her down besides T'mys. She continued the kiss while laying her down. Once upon the blankets she began kissing down Celestine's neck removing the necklace T'mys had put there. Her kisses nibbling and suckling the satyxis' flesh, something Celestine hadn't experienced since leaving her sisters back amongst the Satyxis tribes; the succulent contact of another woman. Gloria shifted awkwardly off T'mys to have a better angle of attack for her other lover for this evening.

Celestine was pulled up and urged onto the bed by Gloria. She crawled over T'mys' leg and onto the mattress besides the pair, Gloria guiding her movements as she came aboard. Gloria lightly caressed Celestine's flesh, pushing her over so that she would be laying face up. Gloria lifted herself off her half elf lover and moved towards the satyxis' full breasts, kissing the satyxis flesh as she moved her body around as she went. She moved her legs from T'mys's head and spun clumsily on her knee to face the same way as Celestine. Gloria flipped her other leg over Celestine's waist, mounting her lover. She dove into Celestine's neck, kissing and lightly biting the flesh. It had been a long time since Celestine was with another woman, not since before she had left her tribe on the island. The erotic contact of Gloria on top of her sent new kinds of chills up her spine, a type of tingle long forgotten.

The two women kissed passionately, Gloria driving Celestine's desire forward with kisses and fondling. She raked her nails in Celestine's scalp, the thick curly locks twisted in her fingers. Gloria's rapturous kisses followed the trail left by T'mys. She took the satyxis' heavy breasts in her hands kneading them softly as she took one of Celestine's nipples in her mouth. Goose bumps rose all over Celestine's flesh as one nipple was playfully twisted by Gloria's fingertips as the other was suckled between tongue and teeth. Reaching down she cupped one of Gloria's breasts in her own hand, the nipple still erect in excitement. She mimicked her mistress's advances, tortuously teasing the rosy bud. Gloria moved her leg over to the far side of her lover and slid her hand off Celestine's bosom. Dragging her nails down her lovers ebony skin she pushed underneath the waistline of her pants. Her pale finger pushed through the tangles of hair, finding the cleft between Celestine's leg, and with her middle finger pushed through to the moistness that lay beyond. With slow strokes Gloria would move her finger all the way down and then slowly back up between her folds. It only took moments for Celestine to part her legs a little further giving Gloria more access.
