 Author's Note: The next few chapters contain no erotic scenes. Sex scenes will begin during chapter 8. Please enjoy and thank you for reading!

*****

At long last the time had finally come! Suzette Plum would leave the idyllic confines of Periwinkle Place with Lady Wilberforce. By now, she had become quite comfortable with the older woman's company and found no problems with addressing her as Prudence. Today, Prudence and her dearest Suzette planned to call on Patience Bellamy who resides in Covenant. But before they could leave, her ladyship explained that the driver, Rush, needed to ready the trap and bring it around front.

Suzette discovered that the trap was actually a grand looking carriage drawn by four remarkable creatures called Nale Kirna. They resembled a sort of cross between a large deer and a zebra with impressive ebony horns that pointed fiercely skyward. The driver, Rush, was a dapper looking man dressed in dark breeches with a dark jerkin and cloak. His otherwise smooth and chiseled features were obscured behind a mask which made him look rather mysterious and even more handsome. Suzette realized that the mask was more for practical purposes than ornamental. When she climbed into the trap after Prudence, the blond beauty saw that there were similar masks awaiting them. Her ladyship explained that they were supposed to protect their faces from the dirt and dust on the lesser roads.

Suzette stared as Prudence began to don her mask. She'd never had the chance before today to see the older woman outside the confines of Periwinkle Place. In the strong natural light of the sun, her ladyship's appearance was more arresting, more striking than usual. The long light cloak Prudence chose went especially well with her long pale gown, emphasizing her alabaster complexion and the short blunt locks of her light blond hair. Her ladyship looked as if she'd been carved from ivory or a block of creamy marble. She was just about to put on her mask when her eyes locked with Suzette's.

"Is there something troubling you, dearest?" She asked.

Before Suzette had a chance to speak, Rush approached to ask her ladyship if they were ready to depart. Prudence replied that they were, and now the handsome man bowed and withdrew to the front. The fair older woman's glacial gaze was just visible behind the mask which vaguely resembled a fox.

"Do you not wish to go into Covenant?" Her ladyship asked softly. "I thought perhaps you were rather tired of staying indoors..." Her voice trailed off now.

"Oh no, Prudence, it's not that, it's..."

Now Suzette's voice trailed off. She'd been clutching her mask which she finally brought up to her face before reaching around to tie it on. She was grateful that the mask obscured the features of her face. Maybe then her ladyship wouldn't notice that she was blushing.

"You...you look so...beautiful today, Prudence."

Where did that come from, Suzette wondered, and why? She hated herself so much right now! Suddenly they felt the trap lurch forward and they were on their way down the main road that took them through the Wilberforce estate. The girl cringed and her face felt like it was on fire. She didn't mean to say any of that...did she? Her ladyship didn't seem to mind though. As a matter of fact, she seemed flattered by the girl's compliment. Prudence took Suzette's hand in hers and gave it a tender squeeze.

"I...hardly think that I am beautiful, old as I am." She said in a rather soft dissident voice. "But it is gratifying to hear such flattery come from someone as truly beautiful as you, dearest Suzette."

For nearly an hour or so they rode in near silence. At one point, Prudence appeared to have fallen fast asleep, so Suzette just stared out at the rolling countryside as it passed.

The landscape was amazing! Endless miles of rolling hills and unspoiled countryside surrounded them as they travelled along an ancient cobbled road. More than once, she spied a lone cottage or quaint two-story house visible from the roadside. Several of these structures weren't really the sort of houses Suzette was accustomed to seeing back in Thatcher Blake. They were the stumps from massive trees which now had windows, a door, and thatched roofing over the top. One of the stumps was so massive that it could easily have accommodated two or three families within!

As they drew closer to Covenant, Suzette observed various peculiar sights. At one point, the blond beauty rousted her ladyship from her nap to have a look. They passed a small cluster of those tree stump cottages. Outside one of them, Suzette saw a couple of women dressed like peasants with aprons and rough caps washing and hanging out articles of clothing on a line to dry. Several small children were playing and running around while the women worked.

Further along the road, they passed two men, one pushing and the other pulling a cart loaded with alarming looking creatures. Suzette guessed from the brackish odor emanating from the cart that they must be some kind of sea creatures. Some of them were still sporting shells identical to some of the lamps at Periwinkle Place. Still others had long barbs and tentacles and vicious looking teeth. Suzette shuddered at the sight. It looked and smelled revolting! She wondered how these men were able to stand the smell as she fought the reflexive gag in her throat. The older woman's eyes seemed to positively laugh at the girl behind her mask.

"Sablos, moonrakes, and corakels bound for the market." Her ladyship said referring to the cart's revolting payload. As their trap passed the men and their cart, the first man bowed his head and touched the tip of his hat. 

"What—what's that thing?" Suzette asked. She was pointing to one of the creatures at the top of the heap. It looked like some sort of glass squid.

"It looks like a moonrake." Her ladyship replied.

"Yuck!" Suzette said. "It looks so weird! Do people really eat those?"

Now Prudence's eyes widened in shock. "Suzette, I'm surprised at you!" She said. "You've never objected to eating seafood before! Why, moonrakes are quite delicious with a glass of good sack!"

Suzette replied with a silent scowl. She was grateful that Prudence couldn't see most of her face behind the mask. A sudden wave of homesickness washed over her now. It threatened to drag her in an undertow of despair, and she fought back the first stinging signs of hot tears. Her vision was blurred now, and she looked away from the passing sights. She tried to think pleasant thoughts.

*****

At long last they reached Covenant, that ancient and quixotic city that looked as if it had risen from the pages of some long-forgotten fairy tale. When they passed through the city gates and came to a stop, Suzette quickly realized why Rush parked the trap amongst a sea of similar conveyances: The roads, though cobbled and well maintained, were extremely narrow! This made travel by any means other than walking impossible. Some roads were lined and cluttered with people and market stalls displaying everything from cloth to meat and spices. Still other roads were steeply sloped, giving the buildings that lined the streets a very unique aesthetic that grew on Suzette almost as soon as she saw the first one.

Her ladyship led Suzette up one of these sloped streets, past a few very fine houses until they stopped before a grand looking four story row house with jewel-like glass windows and delicate leaves and flowers painted around the heavy wood door. When Prudence hit the knocker, Suzette noticed a few glazed pottery vessels affixed to the side of the house. A small bird poked its iridescent emerald head out of the opening before flying off for some unknown destination a second later.

Suzette was about to point the bird out to Prudence when the door opened and a young servant woman answered. Upon entering, another servant took their hats and cloaks and the former brought them down a short hall and into a spacious flower garden the likes of which Suzette had never seen before. The blond beauty's breath caught in her throat as her eyes drank in the sight of all the beautiful flowers and shrubbery. She wondered if they'd get to see any of it close up today.

"Prudence and dear Suzette! Pris has just told me that lunch will be served shortly. And I have some wonderful new floss to show you afterward, Prudence."

Right away Suzette knew she was looking at Patience Bellamy. She is a woman who stood as tall as Prudence with light brown hair that seemed to be going gray in places. They looked to be around the same age, early to mid-40s. She wore a conservative but regal gown with a high collar and long sleeves that accentuated her handsome middle-aged face. The woman's deep emerald frock was longer than Suzette's. It trailed behind the older woman like a bridal train as she approached her ladyship to lightly kiss her cheek in greeting. But when Patience approached Suzette to do the same, the girl flinched and jerked away.

She didn't mean to seem rude. But Patience looked so much like someone she knew, someone back home in Thatcher Blake. But the harder she tried to recall who Patience resembled, the foggier her memory became. It seemed as if her mind had created a mental wall, a cushion to help her process these strange new sights. Patience favored the girl with a sort of bewildered wounded expression, and Suzette felt her cheeks flush with shame.

"I—I'm sorry, Miss Bellamy." She said. "It's just..."

The older woman patted Suzette's shoulder gently and replied with an understanding nod. 

"Yes, I thought you might have experienced some...trauma from that business in the woods. No matter. You are home now, and home is where you shall safely remain...right, Prudence? And you must call me Patience, dear. We've known each other far too well to deal with such formalities."

Patience. She looked just like one of her teachers from North Haskell. Then as her eyes drifted away from Miss Bellamy and settled on a longbow resting in a corner behind her against the wall, she recalled what she'd seen in the woods before she passed out. Miss Bellamy was the spitting image of Mrs. McBride! But before she could form any more thoughts on the subject, the servant who answered the door earlier came in and announced to her mistress that lunch was served.

"Ah—wonderful, Pris!" Patience brightly replied. "Do lead the way!"

The three of them were lead into a magnificent dining room. Its two outstanding features were the large windows that afforded an excellent view of the garden and a large stately fireplace with a cheerful fire already burning in the grate.

Once they were seated, they were served by two very pretty young maids. That familiar and tempting aroma of rich meat and gravy filled Suzette's nostrils, making her mouth water in anticipation. The sound of an airy light chuckle prickled her ears, causing her to look up at her bemused hostess who was leaning towards her ladyship.

"I daresay that our dear Suzette is looking a little famished!"

Suzette quickly cast her eyes down at her lap now. She felt that familiar sudden onset of heat on the surface of her cheeks, and she already knew she was blushing.

"Since her return, I have done my best to ensure that her needs and...desires are suitably indulged, Patience." Her ladyship replied.

Suzette shuddered uncomfortably. When Prudence spoke, that awkward pause could not be missed. She'd nearly forgotten about what happened between them; how Lord Wilberforce saw her and Prudence together, and how unfazed he seemed by the sight. It was as if he expected to find them like that. Suzette's present train of thought derailed mercifully when Patience spoke again.

"It's a simple crofter's meal." The older woman said. Both servants began uncovering dishes, plating food, and pouring wine. "It's one of your favorites, dear Prudence. I know you won't mind!"

They were served a posset; a sort of casserole which was brought to the table in a large clay dish. This was served with a soup of greens and clear broth, and rustic salty bread. Although Suzette had no problems eating the soup and bread, the posset was another story. On more than one occasion, her ladyship observed as the girl seemed to do little more than push her food around her plate.

Suzette heaved a ragged little sigh when her plate was finally cleared away. Inside she felt exhausted and drained. She knew the effects of homesickness were taking a heavy toll on her, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could hide it. Living out the life of a fairytale princess was fun and all for a little while, but deep down she was tired of it. She wished she could go back to Thatcher Blake and her normal ho-hum life.

While Prudence and Patience chattered over sack wine and cakes, Suzette rolled her tongue around the inside of her mouth. She sipped a bit of sack, holding it in her mouth in the hopes of getting rid of the taste of that posset. The vegetables and gravy were fine, but that meat was just so...nasty! It was gamey and had the sort of smell that gets in one's pores and lingers for days. She watched as Prudence and Patience seemed to gobble up, practically inhale each bite while they prattled on with each other about things that were of no importance to her.

Oh well. At least the sack was fruity and the cakes were buttery and sweet. Suzette rolled her eyes back, trying to fight off a sudden onslaught of tears. She'd eaten her fill, but she was still so hungry! She'd give just about anything in the world right now for a cheeseburger, a slice of pizza, or a Coke. She'd give her life just to be able to wake up in her own bed again. Just when she was about to burst into tears, Patience startled her with a sudden clap of her hands.

"Shall we head into the morning room, then? Dear Prudence, I've got some beautiful new floss for our tatting! Come along—you too, Suzette!"

For the moment, Suzette's mind was distracted. She settled on a divan with delicate floral cushions while Patience fussed with the contents of a workbasket containing costly iridescent threads, scraps of cloth, needles, and a couple of little rough sketches. While she did this, Suzette noticed Prudence fishing similar contents from a dainty silken pouch that hung from the high waist of her gown.

For what seemed like an eternity, the two older women seemed to completely ignore the beautiful blond Suzette. They sat side by side on a large couch working on their tatting, that sort of petit-point embroidery that Suzette watched her ladyship doing from time to time. Each time she watched Prudence taking up her needle and cloth, it always seemed off.

Even with her fine clothes and jewels, Prudence looked a little too much like an old dyke out of her element. Truth be told, Suzette thought she'd look much better dressed in short sleeved shirts and shorts. She thought Prudence should be playing sports, not fussing with needlework and gossiping like an old busybody! She gazed at her ladyship's face now. Her eyes settled on the older woman's face and light blond hair wondering how she would fare in Miss Larsson's place. Would she and Miss Treadway get along? She'd really like to see that!

"Miss Bellamy—um—Patience...may I have a look at your garden?" Suzette asked timidly. "It's so beautiful!"

Mrs. McBride's doppelganger looked up from her tatting and flashed the girl a large sort of rictus grin that made Suzette shudder.

"My, my, do you have to ask, my dear?" Patience replied. All the while she was chuckling. That rictus grin grew wider now, more hideous. "Of course you may! I'll just ring for Pris to show you the way out!"

In the garden, Suzette was surrounded by a soft warm breeze and floral air that prompted her to hug herself and smile for a second or two. For now, she was happy to get away and be alone with her thoughts. As she explored the garden, she took note of the many lovely specimens that resided in the well maintained beds. Raduff's Wands, Silver Nightjars, and Tiproses (so named because the blossoms were roughly the size of a person's fingertip) populated a particularly cozy little corner of the garden. Suzette recalled that Prudence said that the flowers were cultivated by the garden society; one of many beautification projects carried out by the group.

There was a comfortable looking chaise, and Suzette made a beeline for it. She settled onto the cushion and fussed with the excess fabric of her gown because she wanted to stretch out her legs. She gazed at a clump of Nightjars and admired the unusual shape of the blossoms. Before she knew it, her homesickness, the food, the tatting, and everything else settled in her mind and dissipated like a cold gray mist just before the dawn.