 "Are you alright, m'lady?" It was the servant, Niobe. She must have heard the girl screaming and rushed into the bedroom as fast as she could, "Goodness, m'lady! You're...you're soaked!"

Suzette buried her face in her hands for a second, trying to rub the sleep that crusted her eyes and to get her bearings. She let out a loud defeated sigh. She knew the moment she woke up that it was all just a dream, but she couldn't help feeling depressed just the same. She expected that any moment she'd wake up at camp or at home in her own bed—anywhere but here! I've got to get out of here, she thought, but how? I don't even know where here is anyway!

And she never expected to have such strange dreams! She knew that she didn't exactly get along with Miss Treadway at school, but her teacher wouldn't shove her in a hole like that either...would she?

"Come, m'lady, let's get you out of bed now. You must have had a nightmare. A nice hot bath will get you feeling right as rain."

Suzette glanced at the tall slitted stained glass window, wishing she could see outside while Niobe helped her out of bed. The servant led her to an adjoining room with an exquisite large alabaster bath tub and mosaic tiled floors. Another servant took Suzette's night gown and helped her into the bath. The blond beauty shuddered as she settled into the pleasantly fragrant hot water. She wasn't used to such a total lack of privacy like this! She noticed now the waning light casting long multi-colored shadows on the floor. She sighed as she reluctantly took up a sponge and began to wash.

"It looks like it's getting dark outside." Suzette muttered to no one in particular. Then she asked, "How long have I been asleep?"

Niobe replied: "You've been asleep for most of the day, m'lady. Lord and Lady Wilberforce have requested that you join them for the evening meal."

Suzette was a little stunned. She issued no reply as Niobe and the other servant helped her out of the bath. She dried herself off and was led back into the bedroom where she was obliged to stand near the vanity and wait. Niobe addressed the other servant. "Could you fetch Marissa in here for me? We have to plait her ladyship's hair after she's dressed."

Niobe regarded the blond beauty standing there, naked as a jaybird and doing her best to look dignified and not shiver. "Don't worry, m'lady. We'll have you dressed in short order, but...what is wrong? You look very troubled about something."

"You wouldn't understand." Suzette replied softly. She wasn't sure she understood herself. How did she end up sleeping for so long? And why was she having such strange dreams about Miss Treadway? Maybe Suzette dreamed about the last time her teacher had gotten annoyed with her, and this was her mind's way of making sense of it all.

Suzette rolled her eyes back for a second, trying to blink back the first sign of tears threatening to spill down her cheeks. She recalled a few times when her teacher would probably have been well within her rights to shove Suzette into a hole like the one she dreamt about. There was one day back in September that stuck out in particular. It had rained for several days in a row, except for one day when the rain finally let up enough for her gym class to go outside.

As always, Suzette was eager to get in Miss Treadway's good graces, so she volunteered to help carry equipment out to the tennis courts. She wasn't sure why Miss Treadway wanted the class out there anyway. The courts were still way to wet to play for any decent amount of time. She cringed when she thought about Rachel Shelton who found this garter snake in the grass near the fence line. Suzette tried to get away when her classmate came charging at her with the snake, but she ended up dropping Miss Treadway's gradebook into a huge puddle. She'd never seen Miss Treadway look so upset before! 

"Ah—here we go!" Niobe called.

The servant's voice suddenly derailed Suzette's present train of thought. She looked up to see another woman in similar attire step into view. This woman looked young, maybe 19 or 20 years old—Suzette's age in other words. Her beautiful hair, waved and parted, was styled in a simple chignon with a few lovely curls framing her pretty face. The woman greeted Suzette with a low dignified curtsey.

"Who—who is this?" Suzette asked. She was still struggling to cover her nudity, but this was proving too difficult. She had nothing to cover up with! Niobe looked at her naked charge for a second in bewilderment.

"This is Marissa, m'lady. She is servant to Lady Wilberforce. I always ask her to assist me since she is much better than I am at styling hair."

"Welcome home, m'lady." Marissa said. Her voice was pleasant; soft and sincere sounding. For some reason, Suzette suddenly began to feel at ease. It was almost as though the servant's voice sounded familiar to her, but she couldn't figure out why. Marissa went over to the large cupboard that she called a wardrobe. She selected a gown which she showed to Niobe. The servant clasped her hands together and chuckled approvingly.

"Ah—this one is new, isn't it?" She said. "It's so lovely! Her ladyship has such wonderful taste!"

Seconds later, the two servants began to dress their bewildered naked young charge. Suzette was adorned in the most exquisite finery she'd ever seen! At first she thought it was all meant to be a joke, or that she was meant to dress for a costume party or something. But after some interrogation, she realized that this was neither a mistake nor a joke.

Suzette sat in front of the vanity gazing at her reflection while Niobe and Marissa fussed with her thick blond tresses. She wore a fragile flowing pale colored gown with a dainty high waist and short puffy sleeves. Beautiful Grecian slippers adorned her feet, and a simple silver necklace was added to compliment the sturdy silver fillet band nestled in her hair. In a matter of only a couple days' time, Suzette Plum had transformed from average, somewhat insecure high school senior to a real fairy princess! She could hardly believe the reflection that stared back at her.

A peal of soft silvery chimes snapped the girl out of her reverie. She heard Niobe thanking Marissa for her help before the servant quickly took her leave. By now it had gotten quite dark outside. The room was awash with beautiful strong golden lamplight. Suzette's stomach tightened uncomfortably at the thought of what she knew was coming next.

"Supper will be served very soon." Niobe observed. "You've eaten so little since you've returned to us. You must be very hungry by now. But first, I must bring you to Lord and Lady Wilberforce. Come with me, m'lady."

A strong feeling like dread filled the pit of Suzette's stomach. She sat there at the vanity for the longest time, refusing to move until Niobe gently coaxed her to stand and follow her. She reluctantly followed the servant out of the room and stepped into the largest, longest hall she'd ever seen! The hall was dark and drafty, illuminated by lovely translucent lamps that resembled various strange looking seashells. And then Suzette realized why her nose was sniffing the drafty air with such pleasure. Perfumed cakes of something or other...like dry, tightly packed spice sat in strategically placed little dishes of colored stone. They neither burned nor smoldered, but soft curls of smoke-like vapor emanated from them, filling the chilly lamp lit air with an intense aroma of fresh cut flowers.

"Please, this way, m'lady."

This hall, this entire place was obviously ancient yet romantic and otherworldly. Suzette was positive that this was some sort of old castle with aesthetics that were quite opulent yet reserved. They reached the end of the long dark hall, and Suzette followed the servant down a spiral stairwell and into another hall. After several seconds, they stopped in front of a very large burnished wood door. Suzette swallowed hard and she fixed Niobe with a pleading sort of stare. In a matter of seconds, she would finally meet her mysterious patrons. She wasn't sure she was ready for any of this!

"I'm not sure what to do! Please...could you come in with me, Niobe?" God, she felt so stupid right now! The servant glanced at the door for a second and grimaced.

"I'll just go inside and announce to Lord and Lady Wilberforce that you are here, but after that I must leave. There are other duties I must attend to. Do you understand, m'lady?"

Suzette nodded and swallowed hard while Niobe opened the door and went inside. Several seconds later, she could hear Niobe saying something that she couldn't quite understand. A hushed conversation was taking place in there between Niobe and the mysterious Lord and Lady Wilberforce. Suzette stared down at the floor while her mind went into overdrive. Who are these strange people, and what would they be like?

And what happened to Miss Treadway and Mrs. McBride? Suzette remembered seeing them when she was still lost in the woods. She had the vaguest memories of seeing Miss Larsson standing over her once or twice when she'd been asleep. She was talking to somebody, giving them orders not to wake her up. But before Suzette could form anymore thoughts on the subject, Niobe reappeared in the hall and lightly nudged her towards the door.

"Lord and Lady Wilberforce are very anxious to see you, m'lady. They've asked me to send you in now...alone. Everything will be all right, m'lady...you'll see."

Without another word, Niobe opened the door a little wider and nudged Suzette inside before the door clicked shut behind her. As though driven by instinct, Suzette reached for the doorknob and tried to turn it, but it wouldn't budge. She cast her eyes downward and hugged herself tightly. The blond beauty was frozen. She could barely step more than an inch away from the door. She felt so self-conscious!

Back home in Thatcher Blake, at North Haskell, her classmates and even some of her teachers considered Suzette was a little different, arguably shyer than other girls her age. She guessed it probably didn't help that she was so prone to daydreaming, and this often caused people to assume that she was depressed most of the time instead of nervous and unsure of what to do. Suzette sucked in a sharp breath which caught in her throat for a second. She heard the sound of a woman's voice. An eerily familiar voice, deep and somewhat curt allowed the girl to fold herself up in it as if it was a giant quilt.

"Suzette! Welcome home, my dearest!"

"Perhaps it would be wise for now to give your dearest a little space."

A man's voice followed, causing Suzette to turn around. Her breath cut short again, this time in amazement. A very striking, extraordinarily regal looking woman stood a short distance in front of her. Suzette guessed that the woman was middle aged, early 40's. She was slender and arguably tomboyish in appearance with a distinctly Nordic looking face. Her very light blond hair was shockingly short, cropped in a blunt bob like a royal pageboy. But the unusual style strangely suited the elegant champagne-colored gown she was wearing.

And the man seated nearby was equally stunning to look at. By Suzette's guess, she figured that the man was at least a few years older than his companion, no more than 10 at the most. His deep chestnut colored hair was neatly waved and parted. A moustache, molded and waxed balanced the features of his otherwise rugged middle-aged face. He was dressed beautifully in light colored breeches with a dark doublet and wide sash. The blond beauty stared at them both, eyes wide and mouth slightly agape. After a few seconds, the woman boldly approached Suzette. She looked like she was about to embrace the girl, but the man's commanding voice stopped her.

"Prudence, I daresay Suzette looks a little nervous." He regarded the girl with a soft smile crossing his lips. "Please, Suzette, sit anywhere you'd like. We shall have supper very soon I promise. You must be absolutely famished!"

Suzette could barely take her eyes off the blond older woman staring at her. She looked like such a tomboy for her age, so androgyne, and yet so utterly striking! Without breaking her stare, she settled on a comfortable chair nearby. The fair woman's eyes, like hers were light blue. They were so clear, so icy; they were almost inhuman! Suzette remembered when on occasion, Miss Treadway would tell the class stories from the bible.

That was what this otherworldly woman reminded her of. Her skin and hair were so fair, so light in spite of her age. And she had a distinctly fay look about her as if she too was an angel like the ones from Miss Treadway's stories. Something suddenly occurred to Suzette and her eyes widened almost comically as her breath caught in her throat again. This is Miss Larsson...isn't it? But who is this man, and what is his place? The man spoke again and her train of thought was pulled reluctantly back to the present.

"I trust that you'll forgive my wife." The man said. "But you see, since you were recovered from that frightening little episode in the woods, she has been quite anxious to know that you are well."

Before Suzette could reply, he continued: "We were told that you've experienced a considerable loss of your memory. I am Lord Wilberforce, but you must call me Ravid." He turned, referring to his blond companion. "My wife, Prudence, is your steward and protector. You are her...companion, and she is yours. You are the rightful lady of this house the same as my wife."

The man's words buzzed around Suzette's head, unable to penetrate and sink in. He may as well have been speaking in some sort of foreign language for all she cared. This can't be real, she thought. This has to be some kind of joke, Miss Treadway's revenge on her for straying off the main path in the woods and causing trouble. She must have convinced Miss Larsson to go along with it...right? Why else would she agree to wear that gown?

"Stop it! You're not Lady Wilberforce!" Suzette exploded. Her voice was audibly trembling and the first signs of tears began to sting her eyes as she fought to hold them back. "You're Miss Larsson!" She glanced dismissively at Lord Wilberforce. "I don't really know who you are, but I get it, okay? I'm sorry I got lost in the woods! Where's Miss Treadway? Am I in trouble? I probably am...and that—that gown isn't you, Miss Larsson. I'm not trying to be mean, I'm just saying..."

A sort of mildly anxious expression clouded her ladyship's face. She glanced briefly at her husband. It was strange because although Suzette had only just arrived, she noticed that they behaved more like a pair of casual acquaintances than husband and wife. There was not the slightest hint of affection between them. Maybe this too was part of the joke.

"She doesn't remember, Ravid." The blond woman said plaintively.

"She will in time. But you must be patient with her, my dear."

A soft peal of silvery chimes summoned an elegant male servant who announced that supper was now served. Suzette rose from her seat and followed Lord and Lady Wilberforce through a set of great dark wooden doors to an equally magnificent dining room bathed in soft flickering lamplight.

This space, like all the others she'd seen was remarkably refined with none of the vulgarity the average person might expect with such opulence. Suzette found herself silently approving of the subdued romantic atmosphere, made all the more so by the large fireplace and ancient scenery of sailing vessels and strange mythical looking creatures cavorting in a lifelike ocean on the walls. The furniture occupying the room was dwarfed by an imposing set of windows that afforded Suzette her first glimpse in days of the outside world.

"Niobe has informed me that you've eaten very little." Lady Wilberforce said. "So I think that you will find that the meal is light, but satisfying..."

"My dear Suzette, if you are very hungry and you would like something more, we can certainly arrange for Niobe to bring you a tray of something later." Lord Wilberforce interjected.

Suzette issued no reply. She watched in silence as two young male servants entered, and she nodded in her ladyship's direction. This small acknowledgement seemed to loosen the older couple's formality a little. His lordship flashed Suzette a brief warm smile. A thick, meaty odor rose from the dishes placed on the table, and Suzette felt the first rumbling disturbances of real hunger rising in the pit of her stomach.

The food was delicious! There was a clear soup followed by a dish containing generous portions of meat which tasted very rich and strong, but not too gamey. There was sack wine and some of the sweetest, best tasting water Suzette ever drank. A small assortment of vegetables accompanied the meal although Suzette could identify none of them. The meal concluded with a portion of what Lord Wilberforce called kuget. Suzette was delighted to discover that kuget was a tasty, airy, and rich sort of pudding. She consumed hers in short order and considered asking for some more, but at the last second she decided against it.

It was when Suzette was savoring the last spoonfuls of kuget when her eyes were distracted by the view in the window. Up until now, she hadn't really bothered to look outside. Much of the meal was consumed in silence. Lord and Lady Wilberforce would break this occasionally, either addressing Suzette directly or exchanging niceties with each other. Now Lord Wilberforce wiped his mustachioed mouth with his napkin, looking over his shoulder at the window to see what Suzette was staring at so hard.

"Beautiful clear night, isn't it?" His lordship remarked.

The man meant no harm; he was simply making conversation, but this suddenly triggered in Suzette a loud errant burst of tears. The girl rushed over to the window and tried to press her face against it to get a better look at what caused her to sob uncontrollably. She didn't care if she was streaking the glass which brought a momentary welcome chill to her tear streaked face.

"Suzette, dearest, what is wrong?" Lord Wilberforce asked. The man sounded genuinely worried. "Arakiel and Sariel shine brightly tonight! Have we said or done something to offend you, dearest?"

Suzette managed to stop crying long enough to glance back at her ladyship for a second before turning back to face the window. Oh my God, she thought. It's real! They can see it too! No wonder the sky looked so wrong! What in the hell is happening, she thought. What is this place? Am I dreaming all this, or...did I die?

Outside stretched an endless rolling countryside underneath a night sky that was peppered with thousands of scintillating little stars. But the thing that held Suzette's undivided attention was the two large moons, one more distant than the other. Where on Earth was she, and how did she get here? Suzette closed her eyes again to try to stop the tears from spilling down her cheeks and she brushed her face with her fingers.

"I gotta stop crying." She said out loud to no one in particular. At the moment, it was all she could do as a distraction from the despair she was feeling. "It's doing me no good. Nothing will change unless I figure things out!"

She turned her back on the window and reentered the darkened romance of the dining room. She avoided eye contact with Lord Wilberforce, drawn inexplicably into her ladyship's gaze. As if by magic, her sobs weakened, subsiding altogether as she was finally able to sluff off the recent shock to her system. Lady Wilberforce rose from her spot at the table and approached the blond beauty.

"I—I'm sorry, Miss Larsson." Suzette said softly, her voice wavering. She barely noticed this Freudian slip. She was too busy trying to stop herself from breaking down again. "I guess I'm still a little confused...that's all."

Lady Wilberforce seemed to ignore the girl's faux pas. The older woman sidled up next to Suzette. She gently took the girl's hand in hers, and their fingers began to entwine. Suzette thought it was really strange. This seemed like something she ought to do with her husband and not her. Just the same, this small show of affection seemed to calm Suzette a little.
