 Author's Note: Once again, these first few chapters contain some mild erotica, and a few others do not. You will find that the full-on sex scenes do not occur until later in the story (chapter 8).

Please note that words, traditions, and concepts relating to the fantasy world are stylistic choices not meant to imitate historically established traditions and concepts.

All characters are 18 and over, and all sex scenes are consensual. These chapters all contain butch/femme and student/teacher dynamic with age differences. If this is not your thing, please skip this series. Otherwise please enjoy!

*****

Suzette woke up bleary eyed and alone to a feeling of being much more comfortable than she should be. A euphonious melody of silvery chimes coaxed her out of a deep dreamless sleep. The room she was in felt warm and noticeably hospitable; palatial and romantic. The blond beauty rubbed her eyes and tried to force herself awake enough to take in her surroundings. She'd been tucked into a large bed piled with gorgeous blankets and pillows. The room itself was just strange! It was enormous, luxurious and otherworldly—a space fit for a fairytale princess!

"Miss Treadway..."

Suzette's voice trailed off as she sat up and looked around the room. What is this place? Am I in a castle or something? Suzette wondered. How did I get here? She closed her eyes for a second as she reflected on her memories over the last several hours. She remembered the softball game and asking Miss Treadway if she could go back to camp to use the bathroom. She remembered how she'd stepped off the main path in the woods and somehow got lost. That was right before she found that tree stump and that strange little clump of glowing flowers.

"Miss—Miss Treadway?" Suzette called again. "Oh my god..."

By now, Suzette was awake enough to remember seeing those women coming towards her in the darkened forest. It was Miss Treadway, wasn't it? She was with Mrs. McBride! Suzette was sure she'd gotten a look at the woman's face. It had to be Miss Treadway! It definitely sounded like her! But if it was, how did she end up here? Suzette pushed the blankets away and started to get out of bed. She was dressed in a soft white gown. The fabric itself was like nothing Suzette had ever felt before; sturdy, light, yet costly to the touch. Her feet touched a plush little ornate rug on the polished wood floor beside the bed, and she smiled. Since nobody is here but me, I ought to look around, she thought to herself.

Suzette was out of bed, standing barefoot on that ornate little rug. She heaved a sigh, unsure of what to do next. She saw a large wood door that she presumed must be an exit, so she made a beeline for it. But when Suzette grabbed the polished doorknob and tried to turn it, the thing wouldn't budge. Locked! Suzette exhaled loudly, trying to stay calm. "Well, if I'm supposed to be a prisoner, at least I'm a royal one!" She said softly to herself. She turned away from the door and started scoping out the interior of the large bedroom.

Suzette could hardly believe what she was seeing, and she startled herself from the sound of her own laughter. This is a mistake...isn't it? One minute she was out in the woods, wandering around aimlessly and calling for one of her teachers to rescue her, and the next minute she's standing in the most luxurious bedroom she'd ever set eyes on! Certainly she was meant to be here, though—she was locked in! The blond beauty's eyes scanned as much of the room's interior as possible, trying to burn it all in her memory in case she was hallucinating and would wake up any second back at camp. "Oh, god—I wish I could show all this to Leah right now." Suzette whispered. "She'd freak out! She'd never believe this!"

The bed Suzette climbed out of was the grandest thing she'd ever seen! It was piled high with large dense pillows and lavish thick blankets. The bed's frame was carved from some sort of dark, reddish looking wood. The whole thing resembled a large winter sleigh with smooth organic and sensual looking curves.

The blond beauty stepped towards a magnificent vanity made from the same dark wood, and sat quietly before the mirror admiring her reflection. Her eyes travelled downward, resting on a brush and comb that looked very expensive and like the sort of objects she'd see in a museum. Suzette couldn't resist picking up the hairbrush and running the stiff bristles through her thick blond hair. She cast a furtive glance over her shoulder for a second. She hoped that no one was watching her. She just couldn't help herself. For once, she felt like a princess—a real princess!

There was a large sort of cupboard nearby. Suzette reluctantly pulled herself away from the vanity to investigate this intriguing piece of furniture. She'd seen lots of cupboards before. Usually they were in someone's kitchen, or in a classroom where it was used to store textbooks and extra supplies. She'd never seen one in a bedroom before. This cupboard in particular was just...massive! It was decorated with delicate carved flowers and vines over the doors that protected the contents inside. Suzette pulled the doors open and almost fell on her knees in disbelief at what she saw inside.

"Wow..." She said softly.

The contents within the cupboard seemed to be packed rather tightly. But it was clear that Suzette could see it was part of a wardrobe meant for a woman. She struggled to free a couple of the dresses packed inside it so she could get a better look. But on closer inspection, Suzette discovered that these were no ordinary dresses.

The clothes looked like something straight out of the pages of a fairy tale! There were dozens of costly gowns with dainty high waists, and a rack with gorgeous colored silken slippers with ribbons, and some sporting very fine beadwork. Suzette pulled out a beautiful sky blue gown with short puffy sleeves. Jeweled embroiderygraced the bottom hem. The gown itself was so long it trailed on the floor, and Suzette was afraid she might accidentally trample on it.

"Lady Plum! What are you doing?"

The sound of an anxious, curt voice frightened Suzette into nearly pissing herself. The poor girl turned to face the owner of the voice and almost fell into the opened cupboard. Her eyes widened almost comically when a woman of indeterminate age stepped into view. The woman's appearance was quite strange and romantic; sort of Romanesque. Her dark hair was swept up and held in place with a metal fillet band, and tight, precise little curls framed a face that gazed at the girl with a bemused smile. The woman was dressed in a plain sort of light colored gown with a high waist. The gown itself stopped a couple of inches above her ankles, revealing light stocking clad feet in plain Grecian slippers. Suzette was speechless. She shot the woman a bewildered look.

"Have you forgotten that the lady of the house chooses what you will wear each day?"

The woman chuckled softly to herself. She gently took the bewildered Suzette by the arm and guided her towards a chair near the bed. That was when Suzette noticed the lone window. It was a tall slitted stained glass window like the kind she'd expect to find inside a church. This one was decorated with beautiful little birds and flowers. The light cast pretty splashes of color against the polished wood floor.

"If I had any idea you'd be awake today, I would have consulted with her ladyship..."

"Just a second." Suzette interjected. "How long have I been asleep? And how do you know my last name?"

"You've been asleep off and on for about two days since they found you out in the woods." The strange woman replied.

Before Suzette could ask any more questions, she remembered as soon as she'd climbed out of bed that she needed to use the bathroom. The need grew more urgent by the second, and she started to panic as she searched around. Fortunately, this strange woman seemed to understand what the girl was looking for. She went over to the bed, and pulled out a good sized porcelain commode from underneath. Suzette was still a little too tired and confused to argue as the woman helped her up from the chair to the pot. When she finally emptied her bladder, the commode was covered up, and another servant appeared a few minutes later to take it away.

"Now, m'lady, I suppose you are hungry after your long sleep..." The woman said softly.

"I'm not sure...maybe." Suzette replied. "Look, I'm really sorry, but...what is your name?"

Now the strange woman looked a little bewildered herself. After an awkward few seconds of silence, she said: "They warned us that you might have some memory loss. You were out there in the woods by yourself for such a long time. I am Niobe, your servant. Please, m'lady, sit here and wait. I will bring you something to eat. And while you are eating, I will inform Lord and Lady Wilberforce that you are awake now, and are doing well."

Before Suzette could reply, Niobe curtsied in the girl's direction and quickly took her leave, locking the door behind her. Oh my God! Suzette thought. What in the hell is going on?

*****

At the request of the mysterious Lady Wilberforce who had yet to introduce herself, Suzette was ordered to remain confined to her rooms until the end of the following day with Niobe as her sole companion. Occasionally she'd gotten a glimpse at one or two of the other servants who came and went as they completed their assigned duties. These women, like Niobe, were dressed in plain yet practical sort of long gowns.

It was during this tedious period of confinement when Suzette was able to learn that she was in fact the lost Lady Suzette Plum who had gone missing in the woods. She was found several days later sitting at the base of a tree and totally unaware of her surroundings. When Suzette asked Niobe who found her, the servant confessed that she didn't know. She was promptly brought back here to Periwinkle Place, the seat of the city-state of Covenant and the surrounding countryside. The seat is governed by Lord and Lady Wilberforce, and Suzette was apparently their young ward.

All of this seemed too spectacular, too far-fetched for Suzette to process. At least twice during the day, the poor girl broke down, but Niobe was very patient. Although the servant did not fully understand the depths of Suzette's fear and bewilderment, she did her best to help the girl acclimate to her new and totally unexpected situation.

But when night came and Suzette was tucked back into bed, her sleep was haunted by graphic, lurid dreams. They involved Miss Treadway, and each dream she had dissolved into a terrible dark miasma of abject fear and horror. Once she'd gotten up in the night to use the chamber pot left underneath her bed, but when she fell back asleep, the dreams continued to torment her.

This last dream was so real, so intense! Suzette was standing alone in the woods again. It was night. A pretty little lantern sat on the forest floor nearby, and she could feel an all-encompassing chill embracing her. It was so cold out there; she could see her breath escaping in soft billowing clouds of vapor with each breath she exhaled. She knew she was lost, unsure of how to get back to camp.

"Miss Treadway!" She called. No answer was forthcoming.

Suzette hugged herself tightly against the chill while her eyes searched the forest floor. Maybe she could gather up an armful of suitable kindling and try to make a fire. She could use the flame in the lantern to start it.

While she scrambled around the muddy forest floor gathering sticks that were probably too damp to light anyway, she spied a person coming toward her, a woman. Even though it was dark, the lantern cast just enough light to reveal that the woman was Miss Treadway. Suzette slowly rose to her feet, but her relieved smile quickly faded, transforming into fearful confusion. Miss Treadway was...different!

"Miss Treadway, is that...you?" Suzette inquired tentatively.

The woman issued no reply as she drew closer. She stood in front of Suzette now, and paused for a second or two as she lowered what looked very much like an elongated bow and arrow. Without a single doubt, this woman looked like Miss Treadway. But instead of her usual short sleeved shirt and shorts, she was dressed very...strange! Miss Treadway no longer looked like Suzette's dour gym teacher. She looked like she'd stepped straight out of the pages of an old fairy tale!

Certainly Miss Treadway was masculine looking as ever. Her glasses were noticeably absent from her face, but she still retained the stern, steely guise that fascinated and frightened Suzette at the same time. And had she lost weight? She seemed a little gaunt and a soft halo of light shone around her short blunt locks.

She wore what looked like a simple tunic; an enormous length of fabric carefully folded and draped and secured around her slender waist with a fine cord. It was sleeveless and sagged on one side, exposing her small shoulder. Miss Treadway was no longer the old lesbian gym teacher that Suzette harbored a secret crush on. She was somehow transformed into an athletic goddess; an ancient huntress prowling an equally dark and ancient forest. What exactly she was supposed to be hunting was anyone's guess.

"Suzette, what are you doing here? You were told not to wander off!"

"I don't know—I...I got lost somehow." Suzette replied. She was visibly shivering now, though she wasn't sure if it was due to Miss Treadway's presence or the cold. 

Her teacher spoke again: "Come closer, Suzette. Close your eyes."

Suzette no longer cared that Miss Treadway looked so drastically different. It was her teacher's voice without a doubt; deep, brusque, and curt as always. Even though she never really seemed to get along with Miss Treadway in the past, she trusted her implicitly. After all, Miss Treadway was still her teacher, and Suzette was still her student.

The blond beauty shuddered a little in excitement as she closed her eyes. She felt Miss Treadway pull her face closer until she felt their lips brushing together, culminating in a soft, sweet kiss. This totally unexpected experience nearly sent the poor girl into orbit! God, it was so nice—better than Suzette ever expected! From her perspective, it was sort of like kissing a boy. But this was so much better. This felt so real, so right!

Before she knew what was happening, Miss Treadway kissed Suzette deeply, more insistently. The blond beauty had never experienced anything so erotic, so intense in her entire life! Her teacher's hot mouth pressed aggressively against Suzette's soft full lips, prying them apart. The poor girl's breath caught in her throat the second she felt the older woman's tongue slip inside her mouth, searching desperately for hers. Her beautiful blue eyes flew open the moment they broke their kiss.

"Miss Treadway, should we be doing this?" Suzette asked. Her voice was noticeably shaking. "Someone might see us!"

Miss Treadway kissed Suzette again. Instantly she felt herself go limp, and she sank against her teacher's body. She allowed herself now to be consumed in her teacher's embrace as they continued kissing. But after a few minutes of this, Suzette panicked. She tried to push her teacher away, but she underestimated the older woman's strength in spite of her slender stature. It felt like Suzette's soul was slowly being drawn out through her mouth!

"We're all alone, Suzette." Miss Treadway whispered hotly into the girl's ear. "Nobody will bother us."

Suzette's face felt like it was on fire when she felt her gym teacher's breath against her skin. Shrill, almost painful shocks of terror mixed with raw teenage arousal radiated throughout her body. She could feel a strange queasiness welling up in the pit of her stomach with each fiery kiss they exchanged.

As they continued kissing, Suzette slowly wrapped her arms around Miss Treadway, and suddenly she could feel herself being pulled closer until their bodies came together. The older woman felt strange yet familiar, and Suzette could not deny that she liked it very much. Maybe she was a lesbian after all. Becky VanMatre was already accusing her of having the hots for Miss Treadway. Besides, Suzette knew that she felt something very intense for this woman. She just wasn't quite sure what that was until now.

Miss Treadway's kisses continued to the girl's slender neck, prompting an audible gasp to escape the blond beauty's lips. Her teacher was whispering something to her now, but she could not make out what she was saying. Suzette was startled by the sensation of Miss Treadway's strong hands as they settled on her throbbing breasts. Those tender caresses made Suzette's head swim. She was about to swoon!

"Miss Treadway, please get me out of here! I'm sorry I wandered off. I'm scared and I'm cold and I just want to go home..."

"You should be more careful where you wander." The older woman replied softly between kisses. "The next time you get lost, you may never find your way back. Here, Suzette. Take this."

Suzette noticed that Miss Treadway was wearing her lanyard like she always did when she was at school. Everything from this point on seemed to go in slow motion. Suzette watched her teacher pluck the gym whistle off the end of the lanyard just as if she was plucking an apple from a tree branch.

"Open your hand, Suzette."

Suzette did as she was told immediately. But when Miss Treadway pressed the whistle into the palm of her hand, it was gone! A solitary seed lay in its place. She looked into Miss Treadway's dark eyes, hoping for an explanation, but she received none. The gym teacher no longer resembled her usual arrogant formidable self. Instead, Miss Treadway looked very pale now; defeated and sickly. Suzette thought she could see evidence of tears on her teacher's face. A sudden feeling of absolute dread washed over Suzette. This was when she saw the large twisted tree that was behind her.

"Come back to us." Miss Treadway said plaintively.

Then as hard as she could, she shoved Suzette backwards into a large opening in the tree. Suzette instantly fell into a sort of void, sensing imminent death. She sat bolt upright in her bed. Her eyes flew open and she screamed for all she was worth.