 After another rainy day spent almost exclusively in solitude, Suzette Plum began to settle into the routine of life at Periwinkle Place as smoothly as anyone could expect from an insecure high school senior who was otherwise unused to living in such fairytale luxury and privilege. Suzette quickly grew to appreciate the soothing quiet interrupted by a soft, silvery peal of chimes compelling her to rise from slumber each morning. Several minutes later, Niobe would arrive to help her get dressed.

Marissa was often called in to assist with the more complicated tasks of brushing, curling, and securing Suzette's hair in this band or that fillet. Sometimes on orders from her ladyship, Suzette's hair was simply braided or left loose and flowing. The styles sometimes looked deceptively simple but they were always beautiful and very flattering. Suzette could not remember the last time she ever made herself look this good at home! And once she was properly dressed, Suzette would go to what Niobe called the morning room where breakfast was served.

Normally Lady Wilberforce was Suzette's sole dining companion. She stopped wondering about this when Niobe explained to her one day that Lord Wilberforce spent most of his time at an estate he maintained in Bond. Suzette was surprised to discover that her ladyship was actually a very pleasant—even fun—companion! In fact, Lady Wilberforce didn't act very much like Miss Larsson even though she could have been her identical twin. 

Miss Larsson often behaved more like Miss Treadway; a curt sort of task master who occasionally seemed awkward outside of the gym and locker rooms. But laughter came easily for Lady Wilberforce whenever they talked. And in nearly no time at all, Suzette began to forget about that strange encounter she'd had with her.

And breakfast, though simple, was always very good: A thick, sticky rough porridge which tasted vaguely of almonds was served with a simple (sort of bland) wafer. On a couple of occasions, Lady Wilberforce offered her young charge a strange fruit called a sugarpig. It resembled a peach with the deep sunset crimson flesh and taste of a blood orange. The skin of the fruit dripped with clear, viscous nectar which Suzette discovered was very tasty and cut the tartness of the flesh itself quite nicely.

Once when Lord Wilberforce joined them both for breakfast, he explained to Suzette that although sugarpigs are very common, they only serve them on occasion.

"But why is that?" Suzette asked. "These are so good—I could eat them every day!"

His lordship replied with a quiet chuckle as he cast a sort of side glance at one of the servants standing nearby.

"It's just that, well...the kitchen staff has complained so many times about the nectar staining their clothes during harvest. It makes things rather sticky!"

"If you'd like, I could arrange for an outing in the future." Lady Wilberforce said. "There is a large grove of sugarpig trees about a mile or so outside Covenant. I'm not quite sure what our little circle of friends would say..."

Suzette favored her ladyship with a quizzical look which prompted his lordship to reassure the girl that in practically no time she'd remember everything and she'd be back to her old routine with the garden society.

"What is the garden society?" Suzette asked.

"I shall take you into Covenant one day very soon and we shall catch up with our friends again." Lady Wilberforce replied. And just like that, she quickly changed the subject.

Mornings after breakfast were often tedious and boring as far as Suzette was concerned. She was usually left alone, free to do as she pleased, but there was not much to do. Niobe was always too busy even though her primary task was to serve Suzette and cater to her needs. Niobe had more pressing tasks to do like making beds and completing whatever sewing and mending needed to be done. But occasionally the servant would relent and play a few rounds of Vocula, a board game with small pieces made of bone. Suzette quickly discovered that it was a fancy sort of "capture the flag" type of game. She loved to play it, and was happy whenever the servant was willing.

One morning Suzette was very bored. She thought about exploring parts of the house until she saw that Niobe and Marissa were getting ready to leave for a trip into Covenant to do some of the household shopping. She begged Niobe to take her along with them, but both servants just giggled nervously and lightly chastised the blond beauty. It was Marissa who gently explained that it was improper for a lady of her standing to ride into town with servants. She'd have to wait for Lady Wilberforce to accompany her.

The midday meal was always certain to consist of several mounds of good, rich meat and vegetables which Suzette always struggled to identify before reminding herself that she was no longer in Thatcher Blake. She'd wash up and sit down to it with fond memories of Sunday roasts eaten with the family or school lunches which were sometimes okay, other times questionable. She'd eat the dish empty, occasionally getting to savor a portion of that delicious kuget pudding, and then she'd forget that she was supposed to be homesick.

The afternoon often meant leisurely walks if the weather was agreeable which it often was. The weather here was plenty odd to Suzette, although in a good way. Although Thatcher Blake was considered a reasonably prosperous and charming mid-sized city, a person usually had to drive out to Gates Preserve to experience the sweet cleaner air and quiet solitude often found in the country. But the surroundings and atmosphere here were sublime! From Suzette's perspective, it was as if she'd travelled a thousand or more years into the past. And the air outside was balmier too, even late at night.

Perhaps Suzette was always meant to live here. It seemed as if a mold had been cast in just her size and all she had to do was fit into it, which she did in only a matter of a few days. After a week or so passed, Suzette stopped wondering anymore if a mistake had been made or if she even belonged here. Life at Periwinkle Place agreed with her quite nicely!

But one lazy afternoon, Suzette decided was getting bored with her walks in the garden outside. Today she joined Lady Wilberforce in one of the large sitting rooms. The space they occupied was spacious and cheerful looking with muted mint green walls and pretty little watercolor pictures in pretty little frames hanging here and there. 

Her ladyship was busy with her needlework which she called tatting. She'd been working on a picturesque little scene with flowers and birds that Suzette had never seen before. One of the birds was a sort of iridescent cobalt color with a comically long jet black beak. She knew that the bird existed because she'd observed similar specimens flitting around the garden numerous times. Lady Wilberforce offered to show Suzette how to tat something of her own, but the girl declined. She wasn't very nimble with her fingers. Besides that, she preferred to watch her companion while they talked.

After several minutes, their once lively conversation dwindled to almost nothing at all. Lady Wilberforce set her tatting aside now and produced a familiar object which caused the girl's eyes to widen in shock. It was a gym whistle, still attached to a red and black lanyard. Suzette wanted to speak, but she couldn't. Her breath caught in her throat while her eyes remained stubbornly glued to the whistle.

Her ladyship held the whistle up a few inches away from her face. She turned it a little between her thumb and forefinger. The afternoon sunlight caught the shiny metal object, causing it to flash hypnotically.

"What a curious looking thing!" She observed with a soft chuckle.

"It's a gym whistle." Suzette said.

"A what?" Lady Wilberforce looked naturally bewildered.

She held the thing out to Suzette who snatched it up. The blond beauty's cheeks were flushed now. She knew she'd startled her companion. She didn't mean to, but the sight of this object, this sole connection to the home she'd left behind, brought an unexpected flood of memories. How did she get lost in the first place, and who brought her here?

"It's a gym whistle." Suzette said. "I was on a camping trip with my class and my teacher, Miss...Miss..."

Suzette's mind began to race, and she was doing her level best to stay calm. What's going on? Why can't she remember her teacher's name? Suzette continued with her tale as though nothing was wrong. Just the same, it was obvious that Lady Wilberforce knew otherwise.

"Come and sit beside me, dearest." Her ladyship said as she lightly patted the cushion beside her. "I'll just move my tatting aside...there!"

Suzette took a seat beside her companion. She looked as if she'd come under some sort of spell. She continued her story: "Anyway, I asked my teacher, Miss...if I could go back to camp long enough to use the bathroom." Lady Wilberforce looked even more bewildered, as if Suzette was speaking to her in gibberish, but she carried on. "She lost her gym whistle. I decided to go looking for it, but I got lost when I stepped off the main path..."

Now Suzette turned to face her angelic blond companion.

"Who found me, Prudence?" Suzette demanded. "Somebody found this whistle around my neck. If it wasn't you or Ravid, then who was it?"

Lady Wilberforce cast her gaze to the floor for a second or two. She rubbed the end of her nose as though she was irritated by something. The awkward silence between them swelled and seemed to fill the entire room. It looked like the older woman was struggling mightily to form a credible explanation.

"It was Lady Constance Troendle who found you and brought you home. She and Patience Bellamy stayed behind in the woods to search for you. I'm so sorry, but after what happened earlier...I just couldn't stay. I was so certain that you were..."

Now her ladyship covered her mouth with a visibly shaking hand. Her breath caught in her throat as she stifled a sob. Suzette lightly touched her companion's arm as she looked into those icy blue eyes.

"But what happened before that?" Suzette demanded. "I have to know, Prudence! Please tell me—I don't remember anything!"

An awkward second or two passed before Lady Wilberforce seemed confident she'd regained her composure. Her voice at first was soft, but gradually became louder as she told the girl about Lady Constance Troendle and the Covenant Garden Society. The older woman's words filled the quiet space they shared with a strange fullness of how the garden society harvests the seeds of a flower known as the Fiorinia Vopisca, of how there is a gate of sorts that opens in the woods outside Covenant, and how they send small parcels of seeds through the gate in the hope that those seeds bring new life someplace else.

Suddenly Lady Wilberforce stopped talking, but Suzette's attention was as focused as from the first phrase her companion uttered. A slight frown formed on her ladyship's lips. It softened her rather fay androgyne features into a look of something like tenderness, and then with a trembling voice she said:

"We had a terrible argument, you and I. You were spending so much time with Constance, following her around...and I was angry with you—jealous, actually. And when the gate opened in the woods, you took the parcel of seeds from Constance and dashed through it."

Without any warning, a sudden burst of intense anger mixed with grief surged in Suzette's throat. She lost her head completely.

"No! You're a fucking liar! This is all a dream—it has to be! There are no such things as garden societies and stupid gates and seeds that create life wherever you throw them!" Suzette was shouting now and her fists were clenched so tightly, her knuckles had turned a ghostly white. She had a sudden brief flash of memory from the camping trip. "You kidnapped me! My gym teacher found me! It was Miss Treadway, but you took me away from her, you bitch!"

The realization of Suzette's accusation stabbed her, engulfing her in shame. Lady Wilberforce sat there in silence letting those angry accusations swirl around her until they were eddies at her feet that finally drained away into nothing. Suzette's shoulders were slumped over and her head hung down in defeat. She felt the first real stirrings of despair as she tried and failed to suppress an errant sob.

"Oh my God, Prudence...what happened?" Suzette wailed. "I—I want to go home!"

"My dearest Suzette, you are home." Lady Wilberforce softly replied.

Lady Wilberforce took hold of the girl's arms, gently pulling the blond beauty towards her until she was fully engulfed in her companion's embrace. Suzette didn't resist; she sank into the older woman's arms, quietly sobbing.

"May I kiss you, dearest?" Her ladyship softly asked. "I just need to feel that you are really here with me and not—well—wherever it is you went..."

Suzette looked up at the older woman. "If this is my home...where did I go?"

"I'm afraid I don't know." Her ladyship plaintively confessed. "You were the first person to go through the gate. Up until then, we only sent the seeds."

Lady Wilberforce gazed lovingly at the blond beauty in her arms as they slowly came together to share a tender kiss. Suzette felt alarmed at first by the sensation, but that feeling soon dissolved as the kisses grew deeper, more aggressive and insistent. How like an angel this woman is, Suzette thought. She slowly reached up, burying her fingers in her companion's hair, careful not to disturb the delicate silver diadem nestled in those short blunt locks. Her appearance and presence is so striking! The light scent of her porcelain skin, like lilies, was intoxicating! And in spite of her sumptuous gown, silken slippers, and fine jewelry, Lady Wilberforce was still completely androgyne...a mythical likeness of Miss Larsson!

Suzette wasn't prepared for what happened next. Her alarm increased as they continued to kiss and cling to each other like a pair of long lost lovers. The girl could hear their breaths becoming ragged, forced, getting louder. Their slender bodies pressed together, grinding rhythmically on the oversized couch. It occurred to Suzette that they might accidentally roll onto her ladyship's tatting, but she quickly forgot about it when she realized her companion seemed wholly unconcerned with anything other than kissing her beloved Suzette. Through her ragged breaths, Suzette heard Lady Wilberforce whispering to her. The older woman's voice was low, gentle, and insistent.

"My Suzette, my dearest...you are mine and mine alone. Nothing shall come between us ever again. And you shall stay away from the woods and the trees..."

Suzette was quickly becoming aroused by the older woman's low sultry whispers. Seconds later, she realized she was already soaking wet and her nipples became hard and felt painful under the short bodice of her gown. What is it about this woman? Suzette just met Lady Wilberforce and her husband not too long ago. But from the first tender kiss they shared, it seems like she has always known her.

Lady Wilberforce slowly pushed her young companion down against the couch cushions. Now Suzette pictured herself laying naked in a bed somewhere with her ladyship, staring into those piercing blue eyes, making her wet, making her moan helplessly.

"Promise me we will never argue with each other like that again, that you will never leave me. Promise you will stay away from the woods! Kiss me again, dearest..."

That strange feeling, that tickling and fluttering rose up in the pit of Suzette's stomach. At last Suzette stopped being afraid. She tenderly kissed her companion's slender neck, letting go of the older woman's arms and allowing her ladyship's hands to freely wander. Everything slipped away from Suzette in that moment. Home, North Haskell, and the GSC camping trip, Miss Treadway and the gym whistle all dissolved until it was only Suzette and Lady Wilberforce.

Lady Wilberforce was busy caressing her lithe young lover, kissing her mouth and neck, making her body tingle and hum like nothing she'd ever experienced before. When Suzette heard her ladyship speaking softly into her ear once more, she went from teetering on the edge of ecstasy to a full blown orgasm, moaning helplessly while her slender hips rocked against the older woman's body. They shared another long tender kiss, and when Suzette pulled away, her whisper was still heated but weak and trembling.

"Prudence, I—I think that I'm in love with you..."

Suzette was unsure if her companion answered back. As she turned away, she was startled into nearly having a heart attack because Lord Wilberforce was standing there just a few feet away staring at them both. To Suzette's shock and confusion, he did not appear to be the least bit surprised or upset by the sight of his wife in such a compromising position with her companion. She stared down at the floor, shaken and mortified, not wanting to make eye contact with either of them. Now Lord Wilberforce looked a little sheepish as he addressed his wife.

"Please forgive my intrusion, ladies." He said apologetically. "Perhaps I should have sent Marissa or Miss Atley instead." He referred to the head housekeeper.

"It's quite all right, dear Ravid. No harm done." Lady Wilberforce replied. 

Lord Wilberforce handed what looked like a small stiff envelope to his wife. "I was coming out of Rudolph's Tavern when I bumped into dear Miss Bellamy. She asked if I wouldn't mind bringing this to you."

Lady Wilberforce took the envelope from her husband, opened it, and examined the contents. Suzette's cheeks were thoroughly flushed and burning. She could barely look up when his lordship reached for her trembling hand. He sort of bowed down and kissed it.

"I have some business to attend to, ladies." He said as he began retreating towards the door. "The Honorable Ryo Hartley and members of the town council are here to discuss the details of the new bridge proposal. It is the one they wish to erect on the eastern boundary of Covenant."

Once more the man bowed in Suzette's general direction. "Please forgive me if I've startled you, ladies. Good afternoon!"

When his lordship was safely out of the room, Suzette exhaled sharply, almost bursting into tears. Lady Wilberforce by now had finished reading the letter her husband delivered. She turned to Suzette, and a soft, wry smile crossed her lips.

"How wonderful!" She said. "Our dear friend, Patience Bellamy, is inviting us to lunch with her tomorrow. Of course I shall accept for both of us. You shall get to see Covenant again and..."

Now her ladyship's voice trailed off once she saw the distressed look on Suzette's face.

"My dearest Suzette, what is wrong?" Lady Wilberforce gently grasped the girl's trembling chin and turned her head to face her. "You seem terribly upset. What is it?"

Suzette thought by now Lady Wilberforce should know what was bothering her. Wasn't it obvious? "Are you crazy, Prudence? Your husband, Ravid, he—he saw us together! Don't you even care about that?"

Suzette was sort of pushing the words through her teeth now as she struggled to speak. Her ladyship regarded the blond beauty with a demure expression. She took the girl in her arms and planted a soft kiss on her brow.

"I am his second wife, Suzette." She replied. "His lordship's primary household is in Bond. I have nothing to do with that, and he does not interfere with my life here. It was necessary...to maintain my status and my estate. But you, Suzette, are and always will be my one true love."

Suzette could hardly believe what she was hearing let alone begin to try to understand any of it. She was totally speechless. For now, she did her best to rid her mind of its present clutter as she tried to picture what the world looked like beyond the confines of Periwinkle Place.