 Author's Notes: Seed is an "alternative universe" fantasy story that ties into my fictional world of Thatcher Blake. A few of the main characters are featured in a few of my other stories found under the lesbian category. The first few chapters contain some mild erotica, and a few others do not. You will find that the full-on sex scenes do not occur until later in the story (chapter 8).

Please note that words, traditions, and concepts relating to the fantasy world are stylistic choices not meant to imitate historically established traditions and concepts.

All characters are 18 and over, and all sex scenes are consensual. These chapters all contain butch/femme and student/teacher dynamic with age differences. If this is not your thing, please skip this series. Otherwise please enjoy!

*****

Long ago...

Suzette Plum was awestruck from the moment her eyes caught sight of the strange clump of flowers growing amongst the dense thicket of trees and ferns. The flowers were mesmerizing; like nothing she'd ever seen before! They were rose-like in appearance, and yet they shone—positively glowed as if the petals contained some sort of bioluminescence. And when Suzette tried, she couldn't think of any plant or flower that actually does that. Certainly her science teacher, Mr. Wallis, would have told the class about it if such flowers really existed. Suzette was taking Botany this semester and they'd already spent a couple of weeks studying the plants and flowers of the Midwestern United States. Just the same...these flowers, rose-like that they are, were positively glowing!

"Wow..." Suzette muttered to herself. She'd been wandering around in the woods now for hours. She and the other members of the North Haskell High School Girls' Athletic Association were on a retreat this weekend at Gates Forest Preserve. Her gym teacher, Miss Treadway, and the Girls' Sports Club advisors, Miss Larsson and Mrs. McBride brought the group of 35 girls to the preserve for a weekend of camping and various sports like softball and canoeing down on the Blake River.

Suzette cautiously approached the luminescent flowers now. They seemed to almost beckon at her to come closer as one of the deep pinkish-red blooms bobbed slightly from an errant gust of wind. Suzette was only a few steps away from reaching out to touch one of the flowers when she was startled by the loud snap of a tree branch underneath her foot. She looked down, and her eye caught the silvery flash from a gym whistle. Its lanyard was still attached.

That's Miss Treadway's whistle! Suzette thought to herself as she picked the whistle up from the ground. She was asking where it was this morning! Suzette stared for a minute at the lanyard which was in North Haskell's colors. A black silhouette of an Ibizan hound was present on the red background near the whistle's base. That was when Suzette remembered the whole reason she'd been wandering around in the woods by herself: She hated playing softball. As much as she wanted to try, she just couldn't get into it the way her classmates did. Suzette made up an excuse about needing to use the bathroom. She just wanted to get away from everyone for a little while. But she didn't plan on going this far!

Suzette Plum is a beautiful, shy girl. She had a lissome sculpted figure with a tapered waist and shining fair complexion. The delicate features of her face were disarming with high cheekbones, soft full lips, and soulful sparkling blue eyes. The cascades of her thick blond hair tumbled past her narrow shoulders, hiding her graceful swanlike neck. There was no doubt that Suzette was sweet and demure; arguably one of the prettiest girls in the senior class, she was also pretty average—hopelessly so! And if there was one thing in the whole world Suzette wanted more than anything else, it was to be good at sports.

Her classmates in comparison were amazing! Amanda Norman and Mary Jane Ritter were already top competitors in a couple different sports. But when it came to trying to hit a ball (or catch one for that matter), Suzette was hopelessly inept. Truth be told, Suzette wasn't really that interested in being a star athlete anyway. Her favorite class by far was English, and she hoped one day she'd become an English teacher. But Suzette wished for once that she could be good enough at some sport—any sport! Maybe then Miss Treadway would take notice.

Another errant burst of wind blew past, and that strange little clump of flowers seemed to deepen in color ever so slightly. It was as if the rose-like blooms detected Suzette's distress over her recent thoughts. The petals, though pleasant, appeared to blush a deeper crimson, and Suzette realized her cheeks were flushed as well.

Since her freshman year, Suzette Plum secretly harbored an intense crush on Miss Treadway. Unfortunately, the two never seemed to get along very well. From Suzette's perspective, it seemed like Miss Treadway had no problem playing favorites with the girls she considered athletes. Girls like Suzette seemed to only annoy Miss Treadway. Perhaps she thought Suzette was too high maintenance; fit only to be a housewife for some man. Tears welled up in Suzette's eyes, causing everything to look blurry. She stumbled a little to one side, reaching out to put her hand against the closest tree to keep her steady.

Suzette tried to stay positive, but it was Saturday afternoon, and so far, the GSC retreat has been a total disaster! Yesterday when the group arrived at the campsite and started setting things up and pitching tents, Suzette remembered she'd left a bag of supplies behind on the bus. Normally that wouldn't be a problem, but the bag she'd forgotten contained some flashlights, batteries, and matches. By the time she realized this, the bus was already long gone. The trip is supposed to last a whole three days, so the driver wasn't due to pick them up until Monday afternoon. And if things weren't already bad enough, a few of the girls in her group were starting to suspect that Suzette had a crush on Miss Treadway!

Becky VanMatre and Michelle Moore were the first to start riding Suzette about it, much to the girl's distress. Becky saw the way Suzette dove for that gym whistle the first time Miss Treadway dropped it. Their gym teacher was already off the bus. She was standing next to Miss Larsson and Mrs. McBride, ordering the girls to hustle and get their gear quickly so they can start setting up camp. Miss Treadway went to blow her whistle, but she dropped it. Suzette dove for the whistle, catching it before it hit the ground. Miss Treadway barely acknowledged the poor blond beauty who gazed adoringly at her gym teacher in hopes she'd be recognized for her good deed. Becky and Michelle sure noticed! Since then, they never missed an opportunity to insert cruel jabs about Suzette Plum having a crush on one of the gym teachers.

And Miss Treadway isn't even pretty! As the stoical, no-nonsense type, Miss Treadway could best be described by any casual observer as a very unpleasant, even predatory sort of woman. At 40 years old, she was the apotheosis of athletic butch women with a figure that could accurately be described as slender and nicely toned. As anyone would expect, she always dressed in the same short sleeved shirts and shorts or track pants depending on the weather. Her features were without a doubt quite masculine in spite of her lithe frame. Those features went remarkably well with her short, boyishly cropped dark hair and horn rimmed glasses. Miss Treadway's appearance and bedside manner never failed to put the fear of God himself in each of her students.

Since the start of her freshman year, Suzette had heard quite a few things about Miss Treadway. Miss Larsson was also a regular topic of discussion as well among some of the girls. There's been a rumor circulating around North Haskell High School for years that Miss Treadway and Miss Larsson used to live together. A few of the girls in her gym class said they were lesbians. And in spite of those rumors, Suzette was utterly fascinated with Miss Treadway. But she wasn't sure if that meant that she was also a lesbian. The thought of that possibility scared her. Still...she sure wished her gym teacher would notice her in a good way for once!

Miss Treadway definitely noticed her today! Suzette cringed as she reflected on this morning's softball game. Everyone had eaten breakfast, and some of the girls went along on a hike near the river bank with Mrs. McBride. Suzette wished she would've joined them instead. Maybe then, she wouldn't be in this Godawful mess! Miss Treadway and Miss Larsson thought it would be fun to divide the remaining girls into teams and play softball while they waited for Mrs. McBride's group to return.

Suzette didn't want to play, but somehow she got roped into it anyway. She hated softball so much! She's uncoordinated and afraid of getting hit by the ball. Besides, Suzette never understood why some of the girls always took things so seriously. Who honestly cares about winning a softball game during a high school PE class anyway? Some of the girls in the GSC would get so wound up about it! Suzette always found herself cringing when she or some poor awkward fat girl inevitably ended up on the receiving end of the verbal abuse that was a staple during activities like this. And of course, Miss Treadway never did a damn thing to stop it either. If anybody complained, she'd usually just end up saying:

"A good hour of fresh air and vigorous exercise can cure those petty disputes, ladies!"

Gag. Take today's game for instance. It was Suzette's turn at bat. She reluctantly stepped up to the plate and took her position. Amanda Norman threw the pitch, and as usual, Suzette swung and missed. God, she hated hearing the inevitable groans of frustration and barrage of personal insults that followed. Miss Treadway seemed to be yelling the loudest—something about holding the bat a certain way and keeping her eye on the ball. Another girl, Lisa Petersen, was screaming.

"C'mon, Suzette! What're you doing?"

What're you doing indeed! Suzette had been daydreaming again; mentally checked out like she always did during activities she hated. And this wasn't the first time Miss Treadway has gotten onto her about it. She glanced up at the sky before taking position again behind home plate. The moon was clearly visible today and she thought it looked so beautiful.

"Goddamn it, Suzette, come onnn!" Lisa shouted again.

"That is enough of the foul language, young lady!" Miss Treadway snapped brusquely. "Miss Plum, I hope you're paying attention to the game!"

Suzette quickly snapped out of her reverie. It was silly to think she could escape even if it was only in her mind. Another off-key chorus of exaggerated moans and muttered jeers surrounded the blond beauty as the ball whizzed at her and she swung.

"Unnnghh, Suzette, you're supposed to hit the BALL, not the friggin' AIR!" Lisa shouted.

"I know that!" Suzette snapped back. "I tried! What do you want me to do?"

A crippling outburst of nervous laughter rippled through the small crowd of girls. Suzette felt an intense heat bloom in her cheeks when she caught sight of Miss Treadway standing near second base. The butch gym teacher rolled her eyes and shrugged in response to something Amanda said. A few sharp tweets of a gym whistle sliced through the noise as Miss Larsson motioned for a timeout. Suzette was about to drop her bat and head for the sideline when the blond gym teacher stopped her.

"Here, Suzette, let me show you something..." Miss Larsson ordered the girl to pick up the bat and reassume her position behind the home plate. "You're too rigid, Suzette, relax." Miss Larsson said. "Hold it like this..."

The blond older woman was behind her now, her arms and slender body pressing against Suzette's and her hands over the girl's as she awkwardly held the bat. Suddenly the jeers and personal insults transformed into a ridiculous chorus of whoops and excited high-pitched whistles.

"Hoo boy, Suzette and Miss Larsson sittin' in a tree..."

"SHUT UP, Amanda, just shut up!" Suzette exploded. She heard Miss Larsson whisper something in her ear about ignoring her classmate.

"K-I-S-S-I-N-G..."

"CAN IT, Miss Norman!" Miss Treadway's thunderous voice cut through the building pandemonium like a heated knife. The butch gym teacher looked like she'd just about had enough nonsense from everyone. Suzette was at the end of her rope. She pulled away from Miss Larsson and spun around to confront her classmate before pitching the bat aside.

"Shut the hell up, Amanda, before I knock your goddamn teeth in!" She shouted. "And I don't need your help, Miss Larsson. I'm not a kid!"

She saw Miss Treadway coming out of the corner of her eye. The woman looked angry. She needed to get away from there, to collect her thoughts.

"Miss Treadway, is it okay if I go back to camp? I think I have to use the bathroom, and besides..."

"I suppose so." Miss Treadway replied grudgingly. "Why don't you make yourself useful for a change and bring back a can of bug spray? There's a can in my tent."

Suddenly they were startled by the familiar sounds of an argument breaking out between some of the girls on the softball diamond.

"I better go see what that's about." Miss Treadway muttered.

"Don't go wandering off into the woods, Suzette." Miss Larsson cautioned as Suzette started heading in the general direction of camp. "Mrs. McBride isn't back yet with her group."

That was when Suzette saw Miss Treadway reaching for her whistle to call the rest of the girls to order. The gym teacher's hand grasped at air in the general area where her whistle would have been had her lanyard still been around her neck. "My whistle..."

"Never mind, here..." Miss Larsson started blowing her whistle and barking orders at the girls to break it up.

Suzette said nothing. "I'll find your whistle, Miss Treadway." She said softly to herself. Suzette couldn't wait to get away from everyone, even if it was for a short walk back to camp for a bathroom break. But she didn't listen to Miss Larsson. She did wander off, and strayed far from the main path. Now Suzette Plum was lost in the woods!

*****

How long has it been now? Suzette wondered. The shadows cast from the trees and ferns were getting darker; longer and more defined. The small bits of sky that were visible had turned an ethereal salmon color with soft violet and reddish gold patches she presumed were effects from the setting sun. She couldn't have been out here that long, could she? Suzette could have sworn it was only a couple of hours since she'd stepped off the main path!

Suzette was starting to feel hungry. She wished she could figure a way back to the camp! She wished she never saw that tree trunk when she stepped off the path and started wandering aimlessly through that dense growth of tangled bushes. The thing was monstrous! If Suzette had to guess, she thought it was a sequoia or redwood type of tree. But how could that be? Trees like that grow in places like California, not here! Just the same, Suzette was dying to take a closer look, so she approached the mammoth trunk. The inside was quite hollow, allowing Suzette to step inside and walk the length of the trunk to the other side.

She stepped out of the trunk and looked back at it. An errant gust of wind caused the blond beauty to shiver and hug herself tightly for a second. Her grandfather used to have this saying: Shit in one hand, and wish in the other, and see which one gets full first. Suzette looked up at the sky through the treetops and heaved a ragged sigh in defeat. There was no doubt it was getting dark. She must have been wandering around here for hours without paying any attention! Suzette's only option was to look for a safe spot to lie down for the night. In the morning, she could try searching for the main path.

Back to that mysterious clump of flowers, scintillating and glowing in that beautiful pinkish-red hue. It was the imposing presence of a very striking, very ancient tree several feet from the hollow trunk that seemed to dwarf everything else in these woods. And the thing that led Suzette to the tree was the call of nature itself.

Of course, Suzette originally told Miss Treadway that she needed to use the bathroom. There were two outhouses at the campsite, but she never made it that far before walking straight down a beaten path deep into the woods. By the time she'd been walking for a while, Suzette figured it would be easier to just find a fallen tree or a clump of bushes to squat behind.

She looked up at the leaves, quietly rustling amongst those large, twisting branches. It suddenly occurred to Suzette that she hadn't heard any birdsong for at least an hour or so by her estimates. In fact, she struggled to think how long it has really been since she's heard any sound at all besides the wind and the rustling of leaves. It was so quiet!

Suzette's attention was drawn to the base of the enormous tree near the clump of flowers. Two unusual little creatures were silently perambulating along the grooves in the tree bark, wending their way towards the clump of flowers. After taking a much needed piss while balancing precariously against a smaller rotting tree trunk, Suzette quickly hitched her shorts back up and returned to the base of that magnificent tree. Suzette figured they were probably caterpillars. 

The creatures were abnormally large for what they were; about 6-8 inches in length. They resembled colorful little chunks of coral, and they were covered in the most remarkable featherlike appendages. "Wow..." Suzette muttered softly to herself. She realized it was the second time in one day she's done this. But it's not every day that a person gets to see such living curiosities like these!

She watched the little creatures in transfixed silence for a little while. She remembered seeing a larger group of these strange little caterpillars not long after she'd discovered the massive hollow tree trunk. Suzette muttered a few curse words under her breath, disgusted at allowing herself to be so easily distracted. But who wouldn't be? She thought. This is so neat! These little creatures are so flush with color; like feathery little rainbows! A smile spread across Suzette's gorgeous full lips when she put her hand out to touch one of the caterpillars. The contact caused her to shudder as her skin warmed pleasantly. A rash of goosebumps prickled the skin on the back of her neck, and she giggled to herself.

One day during gym class about a month ago, Suzette found a little caterpillar. It was a little black fuzzy thing. It was nothing special, but the sight of these motley little creatures triggered in Suzette one of the most pleasant memories of her gym teacher. It was one of a very few times when Suzette could recall that Miss Treadway had been nice to her.

That day, the class was playing badminton in the main gym, and Suzette was partnered with Leah Posley, who is a good friend of hers. But 10 minutes into class, Leah got sick and started throwing up. When she'd gone to the nurse's office, there was no one left to partner with Suzette, so Miss Treadway stepped in.

They knocked the shuttlecock back and forth across the net without saying much of anything to each other. When it was Suzette's turn to serve, her eyes spotted a black fuzzy little creature inching its way across the polished wood floor towards the bleachers. She went over by the bleachers for a better look. It was indeed a little caterpillar. Suzette scooped the fuzzy little thing in her hand. How did a caterpillar ever get in here? She wondered.

"Suzette, it's your serve!" Miss Treadway snapped. She looked annoyed. "What's the hold up, young lady?"

"Sorry, Miss Treadway." She said. "It's just—I found a..."
