 I hadn't really gotten to know Emily. I had seen her around school but we didn't share any classes. We had some mutual friends so I had been introduced to her a few times, even sat in groups with her sometimes during meals, but I wouldn't have called us friends, more like acquaintances. Now we were roommates.

None of the new students initially had roommates. They'd kept us apart in case some students had difficulties controlling their abilities. Didn't want some kid getting hit with a laser beam because their roommate was a sleepwalker or something. Now that it was a new term, I guess they decided they'd seen enough of our abilities in class and, since we hadn't exploded our rooms yet, it was now safe to start pairing us up.

Roommates were assigned randomly. I was definitely lucky that I didn't have to swap rooms. In all the pairings, one student had been in that room since we got here, the other students had to move out of their old room. The empty rooms allowed for any new students to have their own rooms and for seniors to potentially get their own space if they wanted to.

Emily seemed nice enough, if a little shy. She had a unique appearance, straight, platinum shoulder length hair, steel grey eyes, on the taller side with long legs and a full figure. Her most noticeable feature was that her skin had a faint green tinge, not even noticeable in all lighting but something might seem a little off until you noticed it. 

This was Emily's natural look, but there was no guarantee you'd find her like that. Emily could shapeshift. I might not have known her all that well but you get to know the abilities even of the other students you don't really hang out with. It's a pretty common way to introduce yourself around here. Plus people are always gossiping or comparing abilities. I've seen Emily enough times in her natural look to know she keeps up that appearance pretty regularly. It's possible I've passed her dozens of times and not even known it, so while I know she hangs out in her natural look, I couldn't say what percentage of the time she looked like that.

I really didn't know how it would be to have a roommate. I'd never had one before. I hope she'd be fun, maybe someone to become a great friend. What I found the first week was that she mostly kept to herself. She'd say good morning, good night, and make small talk but other than that was either out somewhere on the grounds or using the room for a study space.

The biggest drawback to a roommate is definitely the lack of privacy. I had become accustomed to a certain freedom that came with having my own room. Whether that was some alone time or more hookups with Marcus, I enjoyed the personal space. With Emma always coming and going, I hadn't had Marcus over again since she first moved in, though I had found a few minutes for a little stress relief.

One friday night a few weeks after Emily moved in I "went out" with Marcus. I still wasn't allowed to leave the school but we knew a few private spots we could tuck away too. We managed to make out a bit and I even went so far as to stroke his hard cock through his pants, but we both knew going further than that would be too risky. I was so turned on and frustrated. I wanted to jump him so bad and just feel his strength as he took me. Instead it seemed like another night stuck trying to sleep while my mind raced with fantasies.

When I got back to the room, Emily was already in bed, lying under the covers. She looked a bit surprised when I walked in.

"Hey, I thought you'd be out a bit later on a friday!"

"Hah, what made you think that?"

"I don't know, I guess you just kind of seemed like the type. Figured you and Marcus would have someplace to be." she said as she pulled the covers, which were already above her breasts to right up under her chin.

"I seem like a party girl? I mean, I like to have fun for sure but it can be a bit difficult here ya know? Not a lot of action going on in such a strict school."

"Yeah, guess I just assumed there were parties going on no one ever invited me to!"

I started to undress to change into pajamas, sliding my jeans over my ass and wiggling them down to the floor.

"No, nothing like that that I know of, I gather there are some real wild parties that upperclassmen throw once we can get out of this place but until then, kind of a convent haha." I joked. I did know there was a bit more trouble you could still get into around here but I didn't want to make Emily feel like she was just not invited to anything fun.

"Oh, well I hope you and Marcus still had a good time." Emily said as her eyes flitted across my body.

"Thanks. We had some fun, but not as much as I would have liked. What about you? Just stayed in tonight?" I walked my half naked self to the closet to grab my pajamas as I continued to make small talk.

"Yeah. I thought I'd just crash early..."

As I look around for my pajamas, I see a pair at the foot of Emily's bed. They aren't mine. There's a pair of panties and a bra on top of them.

"Uh huh, I see. Just planning on catching some sleep or...?"

"Yeah! You know early to bed early to rise and all that." 

"Emily, if we're going to share a room, I gotta be prepared for this stuff so, do you sleep naked or what?"

"Haha? What? Oh. No, not usually. It was just...hot tonight. Sorry."

"Don't sweat it. I know how it can be." I said as I sat on Emily's bed, understanding exactly why she was naked under that blanket.

"Yeah, well, I just thought I might get a better night's sleep this way."

"I think I could help you with that if you would like Emily. I know some pretty good ways to get you relaxed and sleeping soundly." I say as I grab the top of the blanket and pull it down to just above her tits, feeling my own pussy starting to warm up.

"I don't know... that sounds nice but... I haven't ever, like, relaxed that way. I really don't know that I would like it."

"Trust me. I think you would like it very much." I whisper as my face moves inches from hers. "Sure you aren't curious if it'll help you relax just a little?"

"Maybe just a little" she breathes.

That's all I need. I lean in a few more inches and touch my lips to hers. At first she is timid, almost passive. But as I start to kiss her more passionately, she begins to kiss me back. Our tongues twist together as I pull the blankets off of her. I climb on to her naked body, my hands squeezing at her tits, while our mouths still sloppily make out.

My hand moves to her bare pussy. I can already feel it is starting to get wet. 

I pull away from her. "If you really want to relax, we may need another pair of hands. Don't freak out." I close my eyes, my mind buzzes and a copy is next to us, in the same t-shirt and panties I have on.

"Uh...this is kind of fast." Emily says, clearly feeling more nervous.

"Relax, this is about helping you remember? Trust me, this will help a lot."

My copy brings her face up to ours. The three of us stare at each other. I grab the back of my copy's head and pull her in for a kiss, my tongue moving to the back of her throat. Emily watches me and my mirror image making out for a moment before my copy turns to her. They start to kiss in much the same way I was just kissing her. But this time, I reposition myself so that my face is now staring right at her sweet little pussy.

As they continue to make out, I slide one finger in her pussy. It's getting so wet, and it feels tight, like I would need to work it to fit in a second finger. Instead I circle my finger inside of her, tickling her g spot. I hear her let out a moan. I lean in to place the tip of my tongue on her clit. Soon I am licking her slit and sucking her clit so furiously that I feel her start to buck under me. When I look up my copy is sucking on Emily's tits while Emily sucks off my copy's three fingers she has thrust into her mouth.

I feel her pussy juices all over my face. I bring myself back up, my greedy copy starts to lick at my face to taste her. I lean in and give her another deep kiss. She sucks my tongue and I know she is enjoying her own taste.

"That felt amazing."

"Yeah? I told you I know a thing or two. She's pretty much got all my skills too, so double the pleasure I hope." I say, nodding my head towards the copy.

"Oh definitely. It was so hot to see you two. I want to...try something. Tell me if it's too much? It's alright if it's too much..."

"Hah, well now I'm curious. What do you want to try? I'm pretty open. Hell, I've probably tried it before."

"I doubt it." As she said that Emily began to, as best as I can explain, go out of focus. All of her features became less distinct. Quickly, they started to clear up and, when they did, there was another copy there. Same hair, eyes, clothes - it was me. But I knew it couldn't be a copy.

"Emily?"

"Yeah...Do you like it? Too weird? I could change back! Or change into someone else! Anyone you want! Just say-"

Before she could finish, my mouth was on hers again. This time her fingers wasted no time in moving to my pussy. It was a familiar feeling. I knew my own fingers, I even knew my copy's fingers. But this was still different. It was so close to what I knew, but where I knew every way I would touch myself, this was new. She was exploring, finding what felt good to me, what felt good to her, and it was so sexy.

"Fuck that is so hot Emily. I want you to eat my pussy. Lick my cunt just the way I did to you."

I pulled off my shirt and she slipped off my panties as she rolled on top of me, her head facing my pussy and her pussy hovering just over mine. She dove in and I felt my own tongue, used by her, licking all the way up my pussy. I grabbed the back of her legs and pulled her in, pressing my head between her legs to taste my sweet pussy. As I felt her getting faster and more enthusiastic tonguing my pussy, I felt another body near my head. My copy. I realized what she wanted.

"Uhhhhhh" I heard, felt, Emily moan into my pussy. A moan so close but just slightly different from my own. My copy had just bent over her, pulled her cheeks apart and had started to tongue her ass. As I continued to lap at her pussy I could hear my copy spitting on her ass, tonguing it fast. Moaning into it as her tongue slid in and out. I could tell from a change in Emily's squirm when my copy had finally started to finger her ass, fucking it harder than a tongue could. She started to arch away from my tongue on her pussy and lean up into the fingers, getting deeper and deeper as she was now screaming into my own pussy.

"This fucking slut loves getting her ass played with" I heard my copy say in my own sultry voice.

As Emily continued to moan I wrapped my legs around the back of her head and pulled her deeper into my pussy. I grinded myself against her tongue feeling my own intense pleasure building. All the frustration from the last few days about to be released all over Emily's, all over my own, beautiful face. I let out a low moan as I felt my pussy gushing while my copy fingered her faster and the vibrations of her moan made me cum even harder.

As I came down from my high and my body started to unwrap from Emily, my copy rolled her over and crawled on top of her. She started to kiss her and lick my juices from her face. I laid back and just watched her work.

"Did you like that? Getting your ass fucked while we came all over you?" My copy asked between kisses.

"Yes." Emily let out in a moan.

"Good. I knew you'd end up loving all of this you little slut. You are going to get so much more where that came from."

"Please." Emily whimpered as I watched my copy's hands running across her body.

Seeing the two of them, my copy and Emily still changed into me, was incredibly hot. I had watched my copies fuck before and it never failed to get me turned on, but this was different. I could tell my copy was just as excited as I was about playing with a perfect double of myself, but with the added adventure of not knowing exactly what she would do. Truly exploring and being spontaneous with my own body. I leaned back against the wall, rubbing my pussy slowly as I watched where this was going.

"Taste this." My copy took her fingers that had just been in Emily's ass and slowly slid them in her mouth. 

"Mmmmm" Emily let out as she sucked on the fingers. The copy took her other hand and slid two fingers in Emily's pussy. She began to finger her a little faster, slowly building up with each thrust until she was furiously finger banging her, her other hand reaching further into Emily's throat. Emily was gasping and gagging but getting no real breaks.

"Yeah, fucking take that. Taste your tight little ass and cum all over my fingers. I fucking love getting covered in my own cum. You want to look like me? Fucking act like me too and cum all over my hand. I'll fucking spread it all over my tight body you've taken on."

Emily's whole body, my body, started to shake. She let out a scream. I couldn't help but slip a few fingers into my own pussy as I watched my identical selfs fucking so hard. As Emily started to come down, the copy took her hand, dripping in pussy juice and slapped Emily across the face. Leaving a clear red mark glistening with cum.

"Hey," I finally speak up. "I haven't gotten to taste her tight ass yet." 

"mmmmm. No I guess you haven't. Here, come here." The copy takes Emily's hair and moves Emily's face between her legs. The copy is laying down on the bed, pressing Emily's face down into the copy's pussy, Emily's ass pointed up. I can't help but watch me eat myself out for a moment. But then I dive into her ass. I slowly circle her little asshole with my tongue. I can feel her whole body pulsing. I let strings of spit stretch from my tongue to her ass each time I come up. I have eaten my own ass so many times, but this is like the first time. I see her and it is like seeing myself before I knew the sensation. I know my firm, tight ass, my taste, but the pleasure of the first time comes rushing back to me as I go down on her.

I smack her ass and go back to munching on it. I can hear the copy starting to breathe faster, small moans escaping. I know she is getting close. As my tongue keeps working Emily's ass, I reach my hand for her thigh and find it dripping with her own juices. I reach for one of her pillows and put it between my legs.

I start to rub Emily's pussy, reaching up to the exact point on my g spot that I know my body is trained to respond to. I slide my tongue into her ass. I grind my own soaking pussy into her pillow. The copy is squeezing in her own tits, grinding her pussy against Emily's face.

We stay in this motion of ecstasy for just a few moments, though it feels like we could go all day. It becomes overwhelming as each of us starts to cum. I feel her pussy tightening around my fingers, hear her moan into my copy's pussy. My copy starts to scream and I feel myself squirting hard onto Emily's pillow. We all keep grinding, fingering, tonguing, fucking as we each want to extend our orgasms as long as possible.

We collapse in the bed. I go to my copy and give her one last long kiss until she fades back into me. I turn to Emily and wrap my arms around her body. As we lie back in bed, she undergoes another transformation back into her natural look. We lie there naked for a moment, silent.

"That was...really intense." She says.

"It was. I hope you are feeling relaxed now." I offer.

"Oh yeah, I would say I feel like a puddle of relaxation. I don't really know what to say... is that something you would be up to doing again sometime? No pressure or anything. Just, if we're going to live together, I want to be open and don't want anything to be weird."

"Hell yeah! If you are up for it, I would love to fuck you again and again. In fact, I can think of a few different "yous" I would like to fuck." I reply as my mind starts to race at the possibility of fucking someone who can look like anyone I have ever desired.

"Haha, then it sounds like I really lucked out on a roommate because I think I'd really like to keep exploring this."

"I am definitely the one who got lucky. But I'm happy to help you explore all kinds of new experiences." I give her - natural, beautiful Emily, one more kiss as I fall back into bed with her. Our naked bodies entangling once more as I start to drift asleep in her bed, fantasies of our future escapades ready to fill my dreams.