 "There ya go Krix, everything ya asked for," I said.

Krix was an alien that I didn't wanna mess with. About 8ft tall, grey, slimy and looked like a beast that could devour my soul. His militia surrounded the vaulted room plasma rifles pointed in my direction.

"If you disappoint me Alan, I will shoot your toes off one at a time," he said.

"Oh Krix, Im the best smuggler in this universe. Probably any universe. That's why you work with me. You need me bro."

He stared at the shipment and picked up some of the merchandise. Various pistols and rifles that are top end in any galaxies military.

"Ya know Alan, you have a bounty on your head. You're wanted dead or alive for stealing from the Empire multiple times. What makes you think I don't turn you in?"

I woulda laughed out loud, but I was trying not to die today. "Because Krix, how else are you gonna supply your clients without me?"

He smirked...and sucked his teeth or whatever those pointy green things in his mouth were. He nodded to his right hand man; well he wasn't a man but a grotesque alien tentacle looking asshole who kinda seemed disappointed he didn't get to shoot my toes off. Krix is letting your piece of shit ass go he seemed to think as he looked right through me.

"Thanks Krix, you're the best. Same time next month? Of course it's a yes. Haha. But if I don't reach my bird and fly outta here. I can't help ya in the future."

Krix looked at me and glared. He knew he could turn me in but he needed what I have to offer. No one can offer what I can. "Go," he said.

"Sweeeeet man, are you a man? Anyway, I'll just head to the hanger and get the hell out of he--."

There was a large crack at the vaulted bay doors. The alien guards, startled, and pointed their plasma rifles at the door. A plasma torch started cutting a large hole in it.

"Ummm Krix," I screeched, "What is going on?"

He snarled at me and pointed for his men (men?) to prepare for an attack.

The cutting of the door took the shape of, is that a fucking heart?

The torch cut through the last of the door, and the metal screamed as it tore away from its foundation and crashed on the floor. The empty void was so thick with smoke that what was ever behind it was not to be seen.

"FIRE!" Krix yelled. The alien guards unleashed a flurry of blue plasma shots that pierced the smoke and probably whatever was within it.

Krix began to laugh, and the guards began to laugh. But me, I was hiding behind the shipment shaking, knowing that whatever was back there was still in fact back there, and it was probably there for me.

The laughing abruptly stopped as a pink cute as can be orb rolled across the bay deck stopping perfectly positioned amongst the group of guards. 

I turned around and shielded my eyes. I am a smuggler after all and that cute lil orb was a flash bang one.

BANG!!

My ears felt like they got hit with a hammer, but my eyes were clear. I peeked back over to see every last guard on the floor panicked and blindly reaching for a weapon, and through the smoke I saw a silhouette of the most gorgeous creature I've ever seen. And that was just her shadow.

She stepped slowly, and confident through the fog of smoke making quite the sexy entrance although I was the only one watching. She wore a military pill box baseball style cap circa 1970's Vietnam with a purple pony tail out the back. Her hair was a vibrant purple that that eclipsed every color in the room; every color except her perfect cat like eyes. Eyes that was deep blue, vibrant and piercing. She had black lipstick covering her perfectly plump juicy lips with purple trim, and eyeliner that drew you in closer to her hypnotizing no fear eyes. Her face was clear and petite. 

Dirt and soot from the flash bang gave them a smoky look that would turn a gay man straight before his boyfriend could complain. Her neck was thin and I couldn't think of any other time that I found a neck attractive. A neck that lead to the most voluptuous breasts that I have ever set eyes on which pushed against her zip up leather vest as if they were trying to escape. I'm surprised the zipper held those in considering it was zipped down so far that cleavage (The best cleavage in the universe in my opinion) was out for the world to see. 

The zipper was also zipped up a bit showing a flat, athletic, soot stained stomach with the cutest navel peeking out to tease. She wore a thick black belt that supported her duel pistol harness, one on each hip. Her skin tight leather pants are torn and beaten with holes, rips and overall wear. I wasn't complaining, that wear and tear coupled with cuts that she probably added herself teased the very fiber of my being. 

Showing peaks of skin from her perfect hips to her knees with tanned skin that tickled the tears and rips. I could hear my heart skip a beat. The pants were tucked in to quite possibly the most bad ass shit kicking boots I have ever seen. Multiple buckles up the boot from her ankle to her knees that support the weight of the ammo she secured there. 

Everything about her was polished, yet dirty, and I could tell she knew she looked good from her confident stride and the sway in her hips. She bent from the waist to address a guard and I saw a Madonna as the V from here lower back channeled to her ass. She wasn't wearing anything under those pants. In fact, my pants grew tighter. Her ass was the perfect combination of a perfect round ball shape, and was up healthy and begging for attention. She had all of mine.

She reached down to the guard and placed her perfectly manicured black nail under his chin and brought it up to look him in the eye. He was still shocked from the flash bang, but looked up at her. She smiled a devilish smile and as she looked him in the eye, and blew him a kiss as she stabbed him in the heart which for this race was in his shoulder. She knew the anatomy of these aliens, which worried me. 

She slowly made her way to through each of the handicapped guards blowing kisses and ending lives. She was humming, and almost skipping happy to be doing what she was doing. At this point I knew she was there for me. My bounty did get a little large. 

"Hey Krix!" She said hands behind her back as she skipped in his direction. 

Her voice was angelic and rough at the same time.

"Fucking Bitch, do you know who you're dealing with?" he said.

"Looks to me like a soon to be dead alien piece of shit...Where is he?" She whispered.

"If I tell you will you let me go?" he pleaded.

"Oh, sure, absolutely" she said to him with her fingers and legs crossed perking up her ass as she stood over Krix. 

Please don't tell her, I thought.

Krix showed his hands and pointed in my direction.

That son of a bitch ratted on me. I took cover and stared at the ceiling.

Time for me to vanish, I thought to myself.

I popped smoke, and found a vent peering into the bay. Krix dove for a rifle, and she started to pout with her bottom lip out. "Oh, Krix...ya don't wanna talk anymore?"

He pointed the rifle at her. She wasn't holding a weapon. She just stood there leaning forward at a 90 degree angle arms behind her back playing with her bracelet.

"You said I can go!" Krix pleaded, "You take him and I got no shipments."

She smiled and took out a lollipop and put it in her mouth slow. "Tell ya what boo, I'll do the shipments for you. You can go and we can negotiate later after I find this guy."

Krix smiled like he just got away with murder and headed for the exit. When he showed his back, she turned a slowly in a circle scouting the room mouthing "WATCH."

In the blink of an eye she un sheathed a dagger from her vest and threw it like a straight laser right in the back of Krix's head. He was dead before he hit the floor. She then reached into her boot and grabbed a small metal box. She snickered and opened it releasing at least a 100 little micro drones.

FUCK...

I just sat there and waited. One spotted me within minutes. They all followed suit.

"Alan, stop being a rat and get out here," she sneered.

I popped the vent and threw an EMP pulse behind me immobilizing the drones before I hit the ground. I rolled behind cover and popped up pistol in hand sighted on her perfect breasts...heart shot.

"Awwww, Alan that was neato, good job Smugs." She clapped her hands and rested her hands in plain sight holding her wrist.

"I got you Bounty Woman person I don't know."

"Call me Money because that's what I live for."

"Ok Mon—."

"Don't fucking call me money dick weed."

"Well bye, whoever you are," I said. 

She smiled the whole time peering into my eyes like I wasn't even a challenge. Eyes fixed on mine even when I pulled the trigger. The round flew straight and true headed for her heart. Only to bounce off some sort of hot pink force field. It was that damned bracelet; some sort of field activator...fuck she is clever. No sooner did I say that when I saw a knife flying across the room. 

Lights out.

Am I dead? Did she through that knife into my brain? What the hell just happened?

"Ow, my head...OUCH," I said.

"Oh you giant puss, I hit you with the handle I need you alive," she said.

"For What?" I said.

She just smiled and bit her bottom lip. Staring me down like a piece of meat.

"You didn't tie me up or anything," I questioned, sitting on my own couch.

"HA! Dude, I have you on your own ship a ship that I'm keeping by the way, and we are in deep space. You're not going anywhere and you sure as shit are no threat to me."

She cleaned up a little bit. And by a little I mean a lot. And by a lot I mean a lot less garments on her person. Even given my current situation, I wasn't complaining. She bathed and is air drying. Her perfectly formed body wasn't held together by the leather outfit...she was in fact perfect. 

Her damp hair was drying into loose purple curls that moistened her mid back. Her body bared some scars from passed scrapes, and that just added to the mirage and illusion of all I've ever wanted in a woman. All she was wearing was a wraparound thigh harness with a pistol that said "Bad Bitch" on the handle. She was in fact that. She didn't care that she was strutting around my ship completely naked, pistol on thigh, eating my last donut. 

Her ass was like a table I wanted to sit at.

"So, Money, (she smiled) what do you plan to do with me now," I mumbled.

"Turn ya in to the Empire and collect my cut lil man," She said.

"Ya know they're gonna kill me right?"

"Yep."

Under my breath I uttered, "I can't believe I'm gonna die a virgin."

Her head popped up stunned, "What?"

"Nothing," I lied.

"You're a virgin?"

"Hahaha what!? That's crazy you're hearing things."

"I know what I heard Smugs, you're a virgin?" she said, peering at me with those fierce blue eyes.

"Ok...yea...fine. I'm a virgin," I said, with my head down moping like a child who just got scolded.

I heard no response. I slowly looked up and saw bare feet, knees, thigh pistol, bare pussy, giant tits, and those deep blue eyes probing me. All she wore was the sexiest and most curious smirk on her lips as she leaned into me and smelled my neck. Every hair on my body stood on end. A warm seductive shiver flowed over me and goose bumps arose like a mountain range of temptation across my humanity. In all of my twenty something years I never felt even that.

"Mmmmmm, you are a virgin. Good looking smuggler like you...WELL!! Take your clothes off, I'm gonna fuck you!"

"Ummm, what?" I said in shock.

"I said, I'm (she took my shirt off) Gonna (she took my bottoms off) Fuck( She moved her head to my cock) You."

She grabbed my manhood and traced her lips against it breathing heavy hot breaths. I was fully erect in seconds. She put her tongue on my shaft and traced my dick from base to tip. I couldn't breathe. This was already better than me doing this with my hand and imagination.

Just like that, I was done. I came...how embarrassing. 

"Hahahaha, awwwww that's cute you are a virgin," she said, as she wiped her chin off, "Good wanted to get the first one out of the way."

"What are you talking abou—"

She climbed on top of me my dick still hard from the misfire. Her cunt was warm and inviting. She was wet, ready, and her pussy was bare, and by bare I mean as bald as a babies ass. I felt the stretch of her as she grinded slowly rising and falling on my dick. I was ready to go again and she knew it. She looked down on me, her hair covering us and pushed me back against the couch.

I open my mouth in awe of her and she placed her fingers in my mouth as if to tell me to shut the fuck up. I bit down on them. She moaned. Her tits were even with my mouth and I took her hand in mine as she used it for leverage and I took that one perfect tit in my mouth focusing on her nipple and harshly nibbling down while my other hands fingers pinched the other one. 

She was moving faster now. Her hips thrust deep and with a purpose. A purpose to FUCK THE EVER LIVING SOUL OUT OF ME as she bounced and coated me with her essence taking me to a place I've never been. She pulled my hair back and bit my neck never ceasing the cadence of her pussy swallowing my cock to the base over and over again with the force of warp speed. I placed my hands on her hips and pressed on a pressure point. She flexed her pussy walls constricting on my throbbing cock. I thought that was a very interesting trick, but she didn't want to talk. 

This wasn't love. She wanted to punish my dick and was succeeding immensely, but I wasn't complaining. Her breathing shortened and her grind grew steady and deep. She began to moan and purr introducing me to sex in its purist animalistic form. Instinct took over and I took my hand reached around her and fingered her asshole. 

As her back arched and her perfect breasts went back and she looked to the heavens feeling everything, I took my other hand traced her perfect body and used my thumb to put pressure on her clit. She screamed as I stimulated her soaking cunt and clit with my finger deep in her ass. She grinded harder...and harder, and I knew I couldn't last much longer. Building up a pressure within her that was sure to burst. 

I used my mouth and bit down hard on her nipple and she exploded into a frenzy of release and that rush covered my cock in a heat that made me cum into the deepest voids of her. 

We were out of breath. At least I was. She patted me on my cheek like a puppy, and said "Not a virgin anymore" kissed my forehead and got up. I contemplated how awesome that was and when I looked up to thank her, all I saw was the hilt of a knife...Lights out.

"Smuggler, get up. Time to find out what's in store for you," a man said.

I awoke in a prison cell. "OUCH," I whined. That bitch turned me over to the Empire. As I was being so rudely man handled by this ass I realized he wasn't wearing Empire gear. Wait, this is not an Empire ship. Oh shit, where the hell am I. She sold me to slave traders? I entered a room, is that guy wearing my boots, with dozens of men screaming "New Blood." and "Fresh Meat." all I could think of was, crap I'm gonna die.

"ALL STAND FOR THE MISTRESS!"

The room went silent and the men bowed their heads. In walked in a woman wearing a white sash across her chest, a thong, and heels with a pistol holster around her thigh. Her hair was purple.

"Smugs!! How we feeling today?" She gleamed.

"I thought you were gonna hand me over to the Empire?" 

"I was, but I can use a man with your...haha skills," She said as she winked at me, "Plus, Bounty hunters like me and smugglers (she pointed to me) are great for what my men and I do?"

I stare up confused as hell, "Oh yea, and what might that be?"

She smiled a crooked grin, leans over her podium, throws her hands out as a welcome and said...

"We be Pirates."