 "M'lady, it's time to wake up now. You've been asleep all day!"

As Suzette's eyes fluttered open, she had trouble realizing where she was. Until that ill-fated GSC retreat, she'd been accustomed to waking up to the sound of her alarm clock. Her mother would be in the kitchen with a cup of coffee reading the newspaper. She'd sit down to a bowl of whatever cereal her mother bought that week before finally getting ready to head to school. But then, as if a heavy weight dropped onto her solar plexus, she remembered everything. She left the campsite and wandered into the woods. And when she wandered aimlessly for God knows how long, she ended up in Periwinkle Place, this beautiful and strange other world she couldn't escape.

She had been sitting in front of the fireplace in her room reading when she fell asleep. She began to stretch her legs and her feet made contact with the book which had fallen onto the floor. The servant, Niobe, picked it up and began to thumb through the pages.

"It must've been an awfully boring story!" She said with a soft chuckle. "Lady Wilberforce has asked me to bring you to her room. She has found something that she says might be of interest to you."

Suzette was reluctant to stand up. When she tried, she felt a little lightheaded. Niobe rushed to her side. "Steady on your feet, m'lady." The servant put her arm around the girl's small shoulders and led her over to the vanity.

"How long have I been asleep?" Suzette wondered.

"Since shortly after breakfast, m'lady." Niobe replied. "Her ladyship requests that you wear this new gown. It was a small gift from her cousin, the Duke of Corby."

Suzette scarcely took in a word the servant said. Her mind struggled to make sense of the dream (if that was what it really was) she'd just had. She stood there passively in front of the vanity while Niobe helped her undress. The servant went over to the large wardrobe cupboard, and moments later, she returned with a diaphanous cerulean gown draped over both her arms to keep the thing from touching the floor.

It was one of the most beautiful gowns Suzette had ever seen! The design was similar to all her other gowns; simple and elegant with a fine cord meant to go around the waist. This one was sleeveless and very comfortable except for one glaringly obvious difference: When Suzette gazed at her reflection in the mirror, she saw that the gown was so sheer she could almost see right through it!

"Her ladyship thought that this gown would show off your best features. Do you like it, m'lady?"

"It's beautiful, Niobe, but are there no stays or shift? I mean—I can see right through it...everything!" Suzette suddenly felt extremely self-conscious. She hugged herself tightly in a futile attempt at hiding her nakedness. "Isn't there something else I could wear instead?"

"Lady Wilberforce insisted on this gown. She instructed me to remind you that as her companion, you have a duty to serve her whims. I'm afraid this is one of them, m'lady."

After applying a bit of soft color to Suzette's lips, the servant asked her to follow her down the hall. A few doors away, they stopped and Niobe simply stood there waiting for several seconds. The sound of footfalls could be heard approaching on the other side of the varnished door, and then her ladyship's servant, Marissa, appeared.

The two servants exchanged a quick greeting, and then Marissa stepped aside and told Suzette to make herself comfortable. The blond beauty turned and saw that Niobe was already gone. She stood now inside a palatial sitting room with a table and settee in front of a large stone fireplace.

The servant offered Suzette a seat. "Lady Wilberforce requires your company this evening—"

"Yes, I know." Suzette replied. "Niobe told me that her ladyship found something interesting and she wanted me to see it."

"Her ladyship has asked me to apologize, but it is taking a bit...longer to get ready than she anticipated."

There on the table stood an unusual looking vessel. Marissa poured from it an amber colored liquid into a glass and offered it to the girl. "While you are waiting, her ladyship insists that you enjoy a glass or two of Sirodibaco."

Suzette took the glass and stared at the contents through the firelight. "I've never had Sirodi...Siro..." Her voice trailed off as she struggled with the pronunciation. 

"Seero-dee-bahco." Marissa replied, slowly enunciating the name. "You still have trouble remembering, m'lady..."

"Yes, what is this stuff anyway?" Before Marissa could reply, she took first one sip, and then another. It was very sweet and warm and tasted vaguely of butterscotch.

"It is a favorite of the nobles in our kingdom. They sometimes call it the 'water of love.'"

The effects were almost instantaneous. Suzette took another drink and at once she started coughing and sputtering. Her stomach tightened and a scorching heat grew and spread in her throat. Soon she was overwhelmed by a buzzing sensation; it caused her skin to start tingling and made her very woozy. It was frightening at first, but soon Suzette realized that the feeling was quite pleasant. Before she knew it, she'd finished the glass.

"Shall I pour another glass, m'lady?"

As the wine quickly metabolized in the girl's bloodstream, she felt a sudden urge to burst out laughing at the servant.

"God yes, that was...amaaazing!" Suzette giggled. She drained the second glass.

With a trembling hand, Suzette set the empty glass aside. She sensed a presence behind her now. She turned around, expecting that it was only Marissa waiting to pour her another glass. But the servant was nowhere to be seen.

"M—Miss Larsson?"

Suzette stumbled as she struggled to stand up and face the older woman standing there in front of her. Suddenly she was reminded of the storm and the little cottage they found in Gates Preserve. A profound surge of emotion overwhelmed the girl and she stood there, unable to move and fighting an onslaught of tears.

"No, dearest, it's Prudence. You thought I was that woman, that teacher you've told me so much about. How do I look?"

Suzette stared in silence, stunned by her ladyship's appearance. She struggled to form a reply. "Is...this...what you wanted me to see?"

Lady Wilberforce stood there wearing what looked like sloppy castoffs from a thrift store. She traded her requisite gown and jewels for a grubby old short sleeved shirt and shorts, and now she looked much more like a high school gym teacher than a mythical noblewoman. The short sleeved shirt was rumpled and grimy as if the last owner had slipped in the grass and had been roughhousing in the woods somewhere. The collar wasn't straight; it looked a little worn. Suzette gingerly reached out and tried to straighten it so it would lay right.

And those shorts...Suzette clearly remembered seeing Miss Larsson wearing a similar pair in her dream. The dark fabric was streaked with mud. They stopped just above her ladyship's bony knees. It was disturbing just how much Prudence resembled the blond gym teacher. She could actually be Miss Larsson! But something else was bothering Suzette now. Everything looked perfect, but not quite.

"You—ah—should take those off..."

Suzette referred to the silver snakelike bands on her ladyship's upper arms. The older woman glanced self-consciously at her right arm and began to ease first one band, then the other off. She deposited them on the table beside the empty wine glass.

"Do I look like your Miss Larsson now?" Prudence asked. The tone in her ladyship's voice was a little strange, like she desperately wanted Suzette's approval.

And it was such a silly thing to ask. Of course Prudence looked like Miss Larsson! But there was one difference: Her ladyship was standing there barefoot. She had no shoes or socks to complete this clever illusion, this masquerade. The socks could have been made easily by Marissa or any of the housemaids. They probably wouldn't look anything like real socks, but a reasonable facsimile could have been achieved. But the shoes would definitely present a problem. No matter how many times Suzette described what tennis shoes were, her ladyship could not wrap her mind around it. Suzette stood very close to Prudence now. The two of them were toe to toe, almost touching.

"That—um—shirt...Miss Larsson and Miss Treadway always tucked theirs in. Like this..."

It always felt strange any time Suzette touched Prudence. It was like some strange sort of spell came over her, possessing her mind and body, and she desperately wanted to fight it. But Prudence was determined to stand passively and force the girl to tuck the grubby shirt into the waistband of those shorts. Suzette's hands were shaking and her fingers fumbled while she did this.

And now Suzette saw her ladyship pull something out of the shorts pocket. The blond older woman's eyes became gimlets as she held the object between her forefinger and thumb. A black and red lanyard was attached to it and Suzette realized it was the same whistle that was found around her neck when she was rescued from the woods.

"Where—where did you get that?" Suzette demanded.

"I instructed Niobe to bring it to me while you were sleeping." Prudence replied plaintively. "You keep it in a small box next to your bed. I suppose I can't blame you, dearest...Miss Larsson must have treated you very kindly wherever it was you went..."

Suzette could no longer hold back the tears brimming in her eyes. An anguished moan escaped her lips while the tears ran freely down her cheeks and blurred her vision. Her ladyship reached out tentatively and brushed the tears away with her fingers.

"Niobe told me that you have been sleeping fitfully these last several nights. She told me earlier that it looked as though you were dreaming while you slept in front of the fire in your chambers. Were you dreaming of that other world, dearest? Did you dream of Miss Larsson?"

The expression on her ladyship's face was somber and sympathetic. She carefully deposited the gym whistle on the table with the other things. And now her fine light eyebrows, barely imperceptible, formed a questioning arch. Suzette's head hung low and her little body shook all over. She was sobbing.

Prudence rushed to the blond beauty's side, placing an arm around her shoulders before encircling her in a tender embrace. Suzette shuddered as she realized she was sinking under the weight of emotions she'd been holding back these last few days. Now the dam was suddenly broken and those emotions crashed over her, dragging her further and further out with each exhausting wave of despair.

The girl's eyes fluttered open, taking in her ladyship's drastic change of appearance. The realization that she still hardly knew this androgyne woman holding her, this angelic likeness of Miss Larsson didn't prevent her from holding back her tears. She cried on the blond woman's shoulder, heaving and sucking in sharp gusts of breath until her throat was sore. And as she struggled to steady her breaths, the familiar odors of mud, rain, and sweat invaded her nostrils and she clung tightly to the back of that grubby short sleeved shirt.

"Hold me..." Suzette pleaded.

"Of course, dearest."

In between sobs, Suzette told her ladyship about Thatcher Blake, North Haskell High School, and the GSC retreat at Gates Preserve. Her cheeks bloomed with a sudden painful heat as she confessed that she'd had a crush on her gym teacher, Miss Treadway, and that she thought that her classmates knew all about it and constantly made fun of her.

"But one of the other gym teachers, Miss Larsson...she was very nice to me..."

Prudence dutifully listened as Suzette told her about the disastrous softball game and how Amanda Norman teased her when Miss Larsson tried to show her how to hold the bat. She told her how angry Miss Treadway looked when she thought she wasn't paying attention to the game. She felt lonely and stupid and useless compared to the other girls. She wanted to get away—just for a little while—and so she went for a walk in the woods.

"Miss Larsson told me not to wander off. She said Mrs. McBride wasn't back with her group yet. I didn't listen and I couldn't find my way back to the campsite. Maybe I'll never find my way back..."

When her tears slowly began to dry and her sobs turned into quiet gasps, Prudence brushed Suzette's hair away from her lovely face. The (now) butch older woman ran her fingers through the thick light blond strands and whispered soft soothing words that she couldn't quite make out. In spite of the eerie similarities, Suzette knew that Prudence wasn't Miss Larsson. But for now, that didn't seem to really matter.

"I—I want to go back home, back to Thatcher Blake." Suzette sobbed. "I just have to figure out how..."

"My dearest Suzette, you are home. Periwinkle Place is your home." 

Suzette's head still rested against the butch woman's shoulder. Suddenly she began to snuggle up against Prudence, as if the sight and smell of her compelled the girl to do so. She wanted to capture those memories of the blond gym teacher and cling to them for all she was worth, even if those memories were fleeting.

Her ladyship released the girl, and taking hold of her hand, began to lead her away from the table. "Come with me, dearest."

Suzette said nothing and followed her ladyship without any resistance. Prudence guided the girl through a large arched entryway into her bedchamber. This room, like all the others in Periwinkle Place, was palatial and romantic.

A cheerful fire crackled in the grate of the large fireplace, and the otherwise darkened interior was made all the more cozy by the presence of a few seashell-like lamps. The bed, piled high with costly blankets and overstuffed pillows resembled a similar giant seashell. Large twin slitted windows revealed the darkness of night behind the stained glass panels.

"You must try to forget that unpleasant—um—game you were forced to play." Prudence said. "That teacher, Miss Treadway, and those girls didn't understand you. They never will. You were not of their world and I think that they all knew it."

Suzette, stunned by her ladyship's strange declaration, tried to look away.

"But here, you are equal to a princess—a noblewoman who rightfully rules this house and the surrounding countryside with me. You are my world, Suzette, my love..."

Her ladyship pulled Suzette closer and they embraced. A whispered plea for a kiss prickled the skin around the girl's ears, and as their lips met, Suzette shivered. Though it was not the first time Prudence kissed her, it still felt a little shocking, like plunging into a pool of ice cold water.

But the girl's fear was quickly snuffed out like a pulsing little lick of flame from one of those seashell lamps illuminating her ladyship's bedchamber. It didn't really matter anymore that Suzette was kissing Lady Wilberforce. All that mattered was the way the older woman's body felt; slender and small, yet powerful as if she'd spent most of her life running and playing sports. And then there was the inescapable fact of how skilled she was with her lips and tongue. It was absolutely amazing, like nothing she'd ever experienced.

After a minute or so, Prudence broke the kiss. Their lips separated reluctantly, slowly, and Suzette opened her eyes once more to gaze into her ladyship's. Both lovers remained silent when Suzette pressed against the butch woman and kissed her again. Slowly, the blond beauty slipped her hand around the androgyne woman's taut waist, hooking her thumb in one of the belt loops of her shorts. That was when Suzette's body awakened once more. Her soft full lips became the center of a violent storm that surged throughout her core, lighting her up from within. It was almost too much for the girl to bear, but she persisted.

They kissed again, and this time it lasted much longer and was more insistent. And when they finally came up for air, Suzette was breathless! Prudence's icy blue eyes flashed with a look of prolonged hunger. For a few moments, the two lovers gazed at each other in silence. This was all happening so fast! Maybe it was that strange drink; that Sirodibaco, compelling her to stay and see where things would go, but Suzette no longer cared. What she did with Prudence suddenly felt right and perfectly natural.

"Come, dearest, this way." The butch woman led her young lover to the bed. "Such a beautiful gown...such a beautiful girl..."

The older woman's eyes roved all over Suzette, gazing in rapt admiration. Suzette started to hug herself, trying awkwardly to hide her breasts from her ladyship's salacious gaze, but Prudence would have none of it. Her ladyship instructed her nervous young lover to stand still as she untied the fine cord around her slender waist.

Suzette whimpered softly as the flimsy garment fell in a crinkled pool around her feet. She nervously shifted from one foot to the other as she stared at the floor. Suzette was completely nude except for her fine silver necklace. Prudence whispered soft words of love as she caressed her beautiful young lover, and then she gently eased the girl into bed.

"Ah, my sweet innocence, so beautiful..."

Prudence knelt beside Suzette, looming over her. The fact that she was still dressed seemed to add to the excitement, and Suzette could feel her naked body come alive under the butch woman's gaze. Her ladyship stayed like that for a while, simply looking, before she began to undress.

First came that rumpled short sleeved shirt. The grimy broad horizontal stripes were briefly stretched out of shape as Prudence struggled to free it from the waistband of her shorts and pull it over her head. Next came the shorts. Suzette fought the sudden urge to giggle at the sight of the blond butch fumbling with the fly, trying desperately to force it open. A projectile flew from the waistband and landed next to Suzette. It was a button.

Prudence roughly pulled the shorts down over her slender hips and tossed them aside. For the first time, Suzette drank in the sight of her ladyship's body. Like Miss Larsson, Prudence had what most people would call a runner's body; fit and very lean. Her skin was as luminous and pale as her short blunt locks. The small swells of her breasts were still very perky in spite of her age, and they were capped with equally small areolas, translucent pink in color, with fiercely erect little nipples. And as Suzette's eyes traveled downward to the space between her ladyship's slender thighs, she saw a dense bush of light golden hair modestly hiding her pussy from view.

The butch woman reached down and brushed the tips of her fingers against Suzette's taut abdomen. The girl responded with a whimper and her little body flinched. Her ladyship's fingers softly brushed against her young lover's skin, barely touching, and it seemed as if by instinct Suzette's back arched up, attempting to meet the older woman's touch.

Now her ladyship reached the girl's breasts. She paused and brought her fingers to her mouth and demurely licked the tips before returning to gently tease Suzette's nipples. "Unnnghh..." The girl moaned softly, taking obvious pleasure in the attentions she received. After a minute or so, Prudence leaned in and took the girl's nipple in her mouth, gently flicking the sensitive tip with her tongue before closing her lips around it to suckle. The butch woman took her time, alternating between the left and right breast and back again. And all this while, her hands wandered over Suzette's body, caressing her stomach and sides as the girl writhed beneath her.

Suzette closed her eyes now and concentrated on the sensation of her ladyship's exploratory touch. The butch woman delivered a barrage of tender kisses to her young lover's body. Her breath and hands were so warm, making the blond beauty tingle in places she never knew existed until now. It was so strange how Prudence seemed to know exactly how to generate the most pleasure for Suzette through kiss and touch alone. Soon, Prudence began stroking the girl's hairy outer labia. Suzette's chest was heaving and she let out another moan. The blond beauty was so hot and wet and hungry for her butch lover's touch.
