 I had been at my new school for about two weeks. It was an interesting couple of weeks to say the least. The actual school classes were a pretty odd mix of otherwise ordinary classes: math, science, writing, and the like, with more unusual classes thrown in. There was Training Ops, which had been described to me as "kind of like P.E." but felt more like bootcamp. There was Powers Exploration (confusingly, they call this P.E.!) which was supposedly like, an intro course into managing our powers. Then there was Test Prep which makes it sound like a class to boost our GREs or something but as far as I can tell is really about prepping for tests where we are the experiment.

Other than some unusual coursework, it didn't seem that different from any other private college as far as I could tell. The grounds were gated but it wasn't a prison. Older students could come and go as they pleased. New arrivals, like me, were asked to stay on campus until the staff had a chance to ensure we had a good enough grip on our abilities that we weren't going to accidentally zap the guy handing us a bag of burgers at the drive thru. It makes sense I guess but I hope they don't keep us cooped up too long. They phrased it like "we ask that you not leave campus" which makes it sound like maybe we wouldn't get in too much trouble if we wandered past the gates but given some of the things I've seen the staff can do, I'd rather not risk getting on their bad side.

I guess even more than the coursework, the thing that really stands out from any other college campus is the student body. I've tried to keep an open mind when meeting people, even if one or two of them looks more like something I used to be afraid lived under my bed than a lab partner. Just walking around you can tell some of the students are different, but a lot of them also just look like normal students. Powers Exploration class is really where I realize I'm not in Kansas anymore.

Witnessing all these abilities had given me a certain empathy for my parents. Maybe I was a little too hard on them. To me, making a copy of myself surprised me at first but eventually, it just seemed to me like any other unique trait. Like being double jointed - sure you can catch someone off guard with a fun party trick but once you after a bit, nothing to be freaked out by. Turns out that attitude may be a little easier when that "unique trait" belongs to you. The first time I saw a kid make flames shoot from his fingertips, or another kid lift a table just by thinking about it, it was pretty terrifying. I suppose they were probably surprised to see me multiply but I still don't see how that could spook someone as bad as the kid who can crawl up walls like something out of a creepy horror b flick.

That being said, while there were some intimidating students I was also making friends. It was refreshing to be around people where I didn't have to hide such a big part of my life. Not to mention there were definitely some cute students and the freedom of finally being away from home had me really excited to get to know some of them a lot better.

There was one guy, Marcus, I had started to hang out with and was definitely interested in. He had actually already been at the school for a year but math was apparently not his strong suit because he had to take the class again. Lucky for me because it gave us a class together. 

Marcus was a good 5 inches taller than me. His dark brown hair was in a long crop with a crisp fade. He had light grey eyes and an awesome relaxed smile. He was a really fun guy and compared to some of the more colorful characters I'd run into seemed pretty chill. He was pretty good looking but it was hard not to notice he was in incredible shape. Marcus had superhuman strength. Like, the lift a car with one hand kind of strength. Turns out when you spend a good portion of your day training and pushing your freaky strong body to the limit, you end up with some amazingly toned muscular arms. I could only assume the rest of him looked just as good.

I still couldn't leave the school grounds but, as an older student, that wasn't an issue for Marcus. One evening when we were hanging out I asked him, ok maybe begged him, to go pick me up some tacos for dinner. I didn't mind the meals the school provided but they were starting to get a little repetitive and it was just one of those nights where I was craving that spicy, messy kind of taco you can only find at a good truck. He was super nice and agreed to go grab some and when he got back I suggested we could go eat them in my room, rather than deal with all the other new kids asking me where I got the outside food.

Marcus was the first person I'd had in my new room. I only had one chair so I let him sit there while I ate on the bed. We talked about our lives before this school, discovering our abilities, our favorite shows, just normal conversation. As I sucked down the last of my drink, I mustered up the courage to ask him if he wanted to sit next to me. He got up from his chair and came and set in my bed with me. Sitting next to him, I could feel myself starting to get hot. I had never felt more free and open than I had since coming to this school. No more hiding who I was. I was getting to explore more of the real me, losing my inhibitions and everything that held me back in my old life. I wanted to keep losing those inhibitions.

I moved closer to him. He looked so strong but I knew he was even stronger than he looked. I leaned in and he kissed me. As our tongues mingled my hand reached between his legs and I felt his cock growing in his pants. 

"Wait. Are you sure?" he asked.

"yeah, of course. I want this." 

"I don't know if you totally understand. My powers aren't like yours. I can't turn them off. In the heat of everything, I could hurt you. Are you sure you're ok? If we go through with this you have to tell me if it becomes too much."

"I understand. You're strong, you could hurt me. But I don't mind a little hurt. Don't rip a limb off, but don't feel like you have to hold back."

With that, he pushed me back and I felt my torso hit the bed. I bounced up a little from the force of his push. He moved on top of me and started to run his hands all over my body. As we kissed I felt his hand run up my thigh, all the way up to my pussy. I could feel my panties starting to get wet as he rubbed me through my pants. My hand moved between his leg and I started to feel his cock getting firm under his pants.

After a minute of kissing and feeling each other up, he stood up from the bed and pulled his shirt off. As he pulled down his pants, I saw my opening and got up from the bed to get on my knees in front of him. As his boxers fell to the floor I saw his thick, hard cock, long and with firm, tight balls. I slowly slid my mouth down his shaft while my fingers rolled along his balls. I could hear him starting to moan as he began to thrust into my mouth. Each was thrust getting harder; it was difficult at times to stay upright as the force of each thrust pushed me away. It was so strong that there was nothing I could do but let my throat relax as his cock hit it further and further back. I was literally gagging and when he would pull out I couldn't help but cough.

"No reason to wear out your knees" he said. It hadn't even occurred to me how sore they were starting to feel from taking all that force. Before I knew what was happening he had lifted me up like I didn't weigh more than a loaf of bread. Now on my feet he grabbed my shirt and ripped it in half, throwing the useless fabric to the corner. He grabbed the waist of my panties and did the same to them and my pants in one move. Now in just my bra he picked me up by my arms and twirled me over. Gripping my biceps he held me upside, my head inches from his cock. Blood rushing to my head as I opened my mouth, my pussy starting to tingle with the exhilaration of something so new. He pushed me down on his cock, my chin running across his body and my eyes staring at his balls. He began to pick me up and let me down, like using my mouth to jerk himself off. I started to moan as my head began to pound from all the blood rushing to my brain. Then I felt his tongue against my pussy, I felt my eyes start to roll back. I cried out onto his dick as his tongue flicked my clit. I started to slurp at his balls while his tongue lapped at my pussy, tracing its outline with the tip of his tongue. He pushed me far down on his cock and I felt it deep in my throat, meanwhile he was furiously tonguing my clit. I wrapped my legs around his head and grinded upside down against his face, feeling my pussy dripping down my stomach towards my tits.

He pulled me off his cock and threw me onto the bed. He climbed on top of me and held my shoulders down to the bed like I was I was locked to it with a heavy chain. He kissed me again and I felt the tip of his cock touch my already soaked pussy. With one very hard thrust I felt him fill me up. The first thrust felt like a rocket and I swear I heard my hips let out a crack. "You like that did you? Fucking with powers will always get you off harder." He taunted.

"Gah, think I don't know that? You're not the only one here with powers." I grunted between thrusts. Then as I felt his cock fucking my pussy deeper, I closed my eyes. I felt the buzz in my head. 

I looked over and there she was next to me. My copy. I had seen her a million times. But as I looked up at Marcus I could tell that he had never seen her, not like this. A new girl apprearing out of thin air, compeletely naked other than the identical bra to the one I had on. He had stopped fucking me for a moment. His eyes huge, staring back and forth between us. "Well? Don't you want to get off harder too?" I asked.

Suddenly he snapped out of it. My copy moved up to kiss him and he began to fuck me, even harder than before. I started to get nervous about his loss of control as I felt his thrusts occasionally lifting me right off the bed. The copy reached down and played with his balls as his cock filled me up. I couldn't stop staring at him making out with me, getting even more turned on at the sight of him and my perfect copy.

I felt him pull out, he grabbed my hips and flipped me over with ease. I lifted my ass up and he got between my legs and started to fuck me doggy. My copy wiggled her way underneath me and started to suck his balls while he fucked me. The sound of her mouth popping his balls in and out got me even wetter. I could see it was getting her wet too. I leaned forward and started to lick her pussy while she sucked on him.

"Oh fuck!" I heard. "Are you eating yourself out? Damn you a freak."

"Is that all I am? Just a freak?"

"You're a freaky little slut." 

"Make me your freaky slut." I challenged.

With that there was a loud SMACK and I felt a sharp sting on my ass. He had just spanked me with that otherworldly strength. My ass felt warm and stung as though it had just taken a dozen spanks, and that was only the first one. With another SMACK I let out a little yelp and arched my back, pressing my pussy further down his shaft. The copy grabbed my hair and pulling tight held my tongue against her pussy. I could taste her sweet pussy and hear her suck in a breath of her own with each smack, obviously getting more turned on with each spank.

He stopped fucking me and again picked me up. He turned me around and stared straight into my eyes. He looked so wild. 

"Is this what you want slut?" he asked, his hand moving to my neck. All I could do was nod and with that he started to lift me off the bed by my neck, my breathing getting harder. 

The copy started to suck on my tits. "oh yes, she needs you to control her little slut body" I heard her, in a voice identical to my own, say. He threw me down to the bed and I gasped for air. As I lay there catching my breath, the copy got on top of me. I felt her hands caressing my body, her soft lips, my lips, meeting as we kissed. 

Marcus got behind us and started to fuck us, moving his cock from one pussy to the next. We moaned into each other's faces. The copy pulling her head away and spitting on my face. "Take his strong cock so good you little bitch. Feel him filling up your tight little cunt." I loved to talk dirty to myself. 

"She's gonna take it so hard!" Marcus was thrusting so hard I already knew it would bruise. I could tell he was having fun but I wanted him to feel something he had never felt before. I closed my eyes again, let my mind buzz and then she was there.

"oh shit." I heard him say. He kept standing there fucking our two pussies as we made out at the edge of my bed. I couldn't see but I knew what the latest copy was doing because it's what I would be doing. Licking his balls and tasting our, my, juices running down his cock. His cock kept pounding away on my tight pussy. I felt him going from fucking me then feeling the force of his cock fucking the copy pressing down on me. All the while the newest copy was sucking, licking, and rubbing balls, clits, shafts, pussies, anything she could put her mouth on. 

"MMmmmmm" he moaned. I was lucky, he was fucking us both but when he exploded, it was in me. I screamed as I felt his cum firing deep inside of me, the stongest I had ever felt. The copy on top of me could tell what I needed and started to furiously rub my clit while she bit my lip. The mix of sensations had me writhing in the bed with a powerful orgasm overtaking me.

He pulled away and both copies were soon at my pussy. He and I just laid next to each other, both of us watching two perfect identical versions of myself eating the cum from my pussy and making out.

As we all collapsed back into bed, I steadied my breathing and slowly felt myself becoming one again. Feeling the rest of his cum still inside of me but also tasting what was on the tongues and lips of my copies as they recombined with me. I snuggled up against his ridiculously strong arms, more convinced than ever that this was going to be a really fun school.