 Author's Note: The next two chapters contain no erotic scenes (please be patient). Sex scenes will begin during chapter 8. Please enjoy and thank you for reading!

*****

The ear-splitting sound of a clanging school bell jolted Suzette Plum from a dreamless sleep. She pulled her head up from her desk top. The right side of her face was wet from the puddle of drool that formed under her open mouth and spread across the dull blond wood surface. The rest of her face was red and flushed with shame, only no one seemed to notice in the chaos of students getting up and gathering their books to rush out the classroom door. She saw her history teacher, Mrs. Cronk, with her back to the chaos. She was erasing part of the blackboard. 

"Damn, I'm gonna be late!" Suzette muttered.

She dragged herself out of her seat, taking note of the time on the wall clock. There's no way she'd make it to her next class on time! She approached Mrs. Cronk, lightly touching her arm to get her attention before asking if she'd write her a late pass. Suzette fully expected her teacher to deny her. After all, she fell asleep in class again. But it wasn't entirely her fault! Suzette hated history. She could never remember all those dates, and Mrs. Cronk was just so...dull! Upon hearing Suzette's request, the teacher replied with an exasperated sigh and the girl's breath caught in her throat.

She definitely looked like Mrs. Cronk, Suzette thought, but something was strikingly different. Her history teacher looked much older than she remembered; her hair noticeably gray, her face thin and aged. She looked as if she'd lost weight and she was wearing glasses. Suzette was so stunned by the sight that she struggled to get the words out as she repeated her request.

"I really should just tell you no, young lady. This isn't the first time I've caught you sleeping in class." Mrs. Cronk replied. The teacher snatched up a small pad of admits and quickly scribbled across one before tearing it off and handing it to Suzette. "But since it looks to me like you've had a pretty rough day so far, I'll cut you a little slack. But just this once."

"Oh my gosh—thank you, Mrs. Cronk!" Suzette gushed. She really expected to be told to fend for herself. "Thank you! You're my favorite teacher ever!"

Suzette dashed through the classroom door and into a crushing sea of students trying to reach their next destination before the 5 minute bell. "I'm home!" She thought, feeling elation welling up inside her. "It was all just a bad dream!" She paused for a second or two and rapped her knuckles sharply against glazed brick wall and chuckled softly. The wall certainly felt real. She needed to hurry. Her next class was gym, and if memory served, they were meeting outside.

But as she reached the 1st floor, she started to wonder if she was in the right building, because the sights looked strangely unfamiliar. Although she could only get glimpses in the chaos of passing period, none of the other students looked familiar. Their clothes looked different and some of the girls wore jeans that were too tight and they all had on too much makeup. 

The locker room seemed really run-down and it smelled more than usual. When she found her locker, there was a huge dent in the front, as if someone was shoved into it. The lock had been changed; a combination lock dangled in the place where her old padlock had been. Suzette's body was invaded with action as the bell had already rung. She silently hoped Miss Treadway wouldn't notice she wasn't wearing her gymsuit.

With her book bag in tow, Suzette wandered outside, past the ballfield and towards the tennis courts. She quickened her pace and broke into a joyful dash towards the large group of girls. But confusion set in as she realized she didn't recognize any classmates amongst the group of students. A woman quickly approached her. She was dressed for the balmy weather with a jacket in the school colors and track pants. She held a clipboard and had up until this stranger arrived, been taking attendance. This wasn't Miss Treadway's class. She'd obviously made a simple mistake.

"I'm sorry," Suzette said, backing away. "I thought this was my gym class."

"I don't think I've seen you before." The woman said. "Who's your teacher?"

She started to thumb through a pile of papers attached to her clipboard. This woman looks really familiar. Suzette wondered where she could have possibly seen her before. But just as the woman asked one of her students to start passing out racquets, the girl's knees buckled and her legs almost turned to jelly.

She was older, maybe mid-30s. Her chin length hair whipped around a face that showed a few lines, but was otherwise pleasant. But Suzette knew that face well. It was the face of the one person she called her friend. It was Leah Posley!

"Leah?" Suzette murmured.

The woman stopped thumbing through her papers and stared up at Suzette for a second or two, her face searching the girl's, before deciding she was simply just another disrespectful student trying to test her boundaries.

"My name is Miss Posley." The woman replied firmly. "Now, who's your teacher so we can get you to your class?"

Suzette was stunned. "I—I'm looking for Miss Treadway's class."

The woman, Leah, narrowed her eyes and kind of shook her head in disbelief. 

"Are you new here?" She asked. "Because I've never seen you around before." She exhaled sharply. "Miss Treadway died 17 years ago. She was searching for one of her students during a class trip at Gates Preserve and she went missing...they never found her."

Suzette was mortified. Her book bag slipped off her shoulder and dropped onto the ground. A lump quickly formed in her throat and she stumbled towards the bleachers. As she slowly sat down, her mouth struggled to form her next words.

"Is Miss Larsson still here, or..."

"Miss Larsson? She died the same year Miss Treadway did. Why on earth are you asking that?"

Oh my God, Suzette thought. "No!" She replied angrily. Her voice wavered. "This isn't real. It's a prank, isn't it...it has to be!" A few students stopped what they were doing and started gathering around Miss Posley. The woman shooed them away now. Suzette couldn't speak. Her small shoulders trembled as she quietly sobbed. How was this possible?

The woman held a pen in her hand, poised to write something down on her clipboard.

"I don't know what's going on, but it's pretty obvious you're upset." She said. "Why don't I write you a pass to see the nurse? Maybe after you've had some time to rest and collect your thoughts you could go on to your next class."

"I'm—I'm so tired." Suzette softly muttered.

Miss Posley scribbled something down on a small square of paper. "What's your name?"

Suzette wanted to burst out in laughter, but she fought the urge. She wanted to tell Miss Posley everything. She wanted to turn to her and say "It's me, Suzette Plum, don't you remember?" But it was too difficult to think of how she'd tell her. Besides, how could she expect her to believe that her high school friend had disappeared and returned after all this time?

She knew the answer to this, but she didn't voice it. The second she'd set eyes on both Mrs. Cronk and Leah—so changed—it was instantly clear what had happened when she was lost in those woods. All this time she'd spent at Periwinkle Place, in the company of Lord and Lady Wilberforce, months and years have passed by in Thatcher Blake! What other explanation could there be? Knowing this, Suzette was certain this was a truth her old friend could never accept.

"Susan...Porter." She replied.

A soft breeze whipped around Suzette's legs as she walked back towards the building, hall pass in hand. She found the nurse's office easily enough. It was still on the first floor near the library. The nurse, a woman Suzette didn't recognize, saw right away how upset she was. She pointed at an empty cot in the adjoining room. As Suzette began to stretch out, the nurse returned with a cup of water.

"I can tell you're pretty upset, you've been crying a lot." She said. "I brought you a couple aspirin and some water. Since things are slow today, I think you'll be okay after you rest for an hour or so. I'll check on you in a little while."

The nurse switched the light off and closed the door. As Suzette's head hit the pillow, she felt like she was falling into some dark tunnel where nothing—not even light—could escape. She stayed like this, suspended in comfortable blackness for who knows how long until her eyes opened once more, tempted by the dulcet peal of silvery chimes. Two celestial bodies dominated her mind's eye. Two placid moons, one much larger than the other hung in a vast night sky peppered with thousands of glittering stars.

*****

For the longest time, Suzette lay perfectly still. Her eyes were fixated on the large slitted window near her bed. With some reluctance she sat upright, fully aware of her present surroundings in spite of the dark. The darkness, though, was not absolute. The two large moons illuminated the stained glass panels, providing just enough light to see when Suzette finally crawled out of her bed to use the chamber pot stored underneath. God, it's so cold! She wanted to dive back into bed, under the piles of deep covers and fall back into blissful sleep. But an overwhelming sudden urge to go exploring gnawed at her brain stem, threatening to keep her awake all night otherwise.

The first urge struck Suzette when they returned from Patience Bellamy's house in Covenant. While she was asleep in the garden, Prudence and Patience discussed plans for a future meeting of the Covenant Garden Society. They also discussed that mysterious flower, the Fiorinia Vopisca. Lady Troendle was tending to a few specimens and they've been maturing quite nicely. Soon the garden society would gather the seeds from one or more of them to send through the gate that Prudence mentioned. But when Suzette asked if she would be allowed to attend a meeting of the garden society, her ladyship would try and change the subject.

The urge to explore struck a second time during supper. Lord Wilberforce was dining with them, and while they ate, he asked Suzette what she'd been doing these last several days. The girl thought his interest was a little odd since he spent very little time at Periwinkle Place. Still, she didn't want to seem rude.

"Sometimes I go outside and walk." She replied. "But usually I just stay in my rooms since there isn't very much to do..."

His lordship cast a sideways glance at his wife. "My wife is certainly not keeping you prisoner here...is she?" He asked jokingly.

"Of course not, Ravid!" Her ladyship replied tersely. "She may do whatever she likes...whatever that may be..."

For a second or two, Prudence looked down at her plate. It looked like she was trying to avoid eye contact with Suzette. His lordship turned to the girl.

"My dear Suzette, you must know that you are the rightful lady of this house—the same as Prudence. You mustn't hide away in your rooms! I insist you look around the halls and other rooms, my dear. Explore and don't let my wife stop you!"

Now her ladyship shot her husband an odd look; a half injured, half embarrassed sort of expression. Her otherwise alabaster cheeks became flushed. But when her eyes met Suzette's, she gave a weak nod of approval. Suzette never really cared before about staying in her rooms or keeping to the gardens just outside Periwinkle Place. But something about this latest exchange ignited that sudden urge to take his lordship up on his offer to explore the house. She wanted to wait until later, when there was no one, not even servants around. Now seemed like the perfect time to do it!