 Author's Note: This next chapter contain no erotic scenes (again...please be patient). Sex scenes will begin during chapter 8. Please enjoy and thank you for reading!

*****

Suzette crept across the blackened expanse of her room, careful not to disturb any furniture or make any noise that might attract Niobe or the other servants. In slow motion she opened the massive wood door, and for the next several seconds she stood in the long dreary hall wondering what she should do next. At least the hall wasn't very dark. A few lamps flickered with a serene golden glow, bathing everything and their immediate surroundings in soft warm light.

Drawn by this light, Suzette walked slowly towards the lamps until she reached the stairs at the end of the hall. She was about to descend when she heard some strange sounds coming from one of the rooms in the adjacent hall. She turned away from the stairs and decided to investigate. There was some muffled laughter and some other sounds that were otherwise unintelligible. Still, Suzette's curiosity was piqued.

When she reached the adjacent hall, Suzette saw a solitary lamp burning at the far end, and she knew it would be much harder to see much of anything. She shuddered and hugged herself against the chilly darkness. For a split second, she stopped and cast a furtive glance over her shoulder towards the stairwell, hoping that no one would walk up behind and startle her. As far as she could see ahead of her, the coast was clear.

Suzette continued to creep towards those muffled sounds. By now she was certain it was coming from the last door on the right. An occasional burst of ladylike chuckling and outright laughter caused Suzette to freeze in place, practically hugging the wall. Jesus, it's so cold, Suzette thought. She wished she had something more to throw over her gown! Seconds later, the very familiar deep, terse sound of an older woman's voice prickled the skin around Suzette's ear. She felt her blood suddenly rush to the surface of her skin, making her forget all about the cold. That voice! She knew that voice! Could it be?

A long sliver of soft golden light splashed across a small section of the dreary hall. When Suzette reached the source of the light, she realized that the sounds were coming from behind that large wood door. She noticed a keyhole, and so she slowly crouched down to have a look inside...

"Oh, wow!"

Suzette's breath caught in her throat and her heart skipped a beat. She was peering into a spacious sitting room with a fireplace. Prudence, Patience Bellamy, and another woman she'd never seen before were engaged in a hushed conversation. The conversation seemed to be centered around the most beguiling rose-like flower contained in a beautiful looking old vessel on a nearby table. A lucent glow, like fire, emanated from deep within the petal folds. That must be the Fiorinia Vopisca, Suzette thought. That's the flower I saw when I was lost in the woods!

There was a noticeable lull in the conversation now. Suzette heard Prudence declare an official end to their meeting, and at once the conversation took on a less formal tone. A female servant came forward and offered wine to each of them which she dutifully poured. The three women were seated in such a way that Suzette had a clear view of each of them while they casually admired that beautiful glowing blossom. Suzette's eyes began to widen in shock as she drank in the view through the keyhole.

"Oh my God!" She whispered, careful not to raise her voice. "That's Miss Treadway!"

Suzette's mind was in overdrive as she struggled mightily to process the scene in front of her. Fortunately, the women were too absorbed in their conversation to notice that someone was crouched just outside the door spying on them. And then Suzette recalled an earlier conversation she'd had with Prudence before they made the trip to Covenant. Is this supposed to be the garden society? Suzette wondered. But there are only three of them!

She stared at the rugged dark haired woman sitting next to Prudence. There was no doubt that this was a mirror-image of Suzette's gym teacher, Miss Treadway. Although this woman was not wearing glasses, the likeness was positively eerie! She wore a sumptuous satin and brocade gown the color of fresh-drawn blood. A simple diadem was her sole adornment, and her hair, like Prudence, was cropped boyishly short and blunt. An image of fire and ice came instantly to mind whenever Suzette saw Miss Larsson and Miss Treadway together at school. And here, the mental image was identical! The slender, rather masculine looking woman's dark hair and crimson gown was a perfect foil for Prudence's alabaster complexion and pale ivory satin.

When Miss Treadway's look-alike spoke to her companions, Suzette sucked in her breath while she struggled to make out her hushed words: "I have selected two healthy plants for the tree of Jophiel. Of course, it will be up to you and Patience to decide whether we extract the seeds from one flower or both."

"And what about this lovely bloom?" Prudence asked. She caressed the petals with her fingertips. As if reacting to the touch, the colors changed slightly from a deep dark red to a gorgeous reddish pink. Who—or what—is Jophiel, Suzette wondered.

"Keep this with you." The dark haired woman replied. "It is a gift. I've already given one to Patience along with a pot of stark horn blossoms."

"It's very beautiful, Constance." Prudence said. "And of course I shall always cherish it."

So this is Lady Constance Troendle, Suzette thought. This is the woman who found me in the woods! Suzette tried to shift her feet, and suddenly she lost her balance. She started to topple over backwards, and without thinking, she reached out and grabbed the doorknob to stop her fall. This prompted a horrible chain reaction of sudden noises followed by gut wrenching panic. Luckily for Suzette, the door was locked and did not open when she grabbed the knob.

Patience Bellamy raised her wine glass to her lips while Lady Troendle looked straight up and glared in the direction of the door. If Suzette didn't know better, she'd swear that her ladyship was shooting poison darts through the keyhole with her eyes!

"Who's there?" Her ladyship shouted tersely at the door. Then she turned to Prudence. "Somebody is listening outside the door!"

"Your husband perhaps?" Patience wondered. "But I thought Ravid was in Bond with his other...wife..."

"Perhaps it's Marissa." Prudence said. Suzette detected a note of suspicion in her voice. "Or one of the housemaids has lost her key..."

"Or it is someone else..." Now Lady Troendle rose from her seat and charged at the door. "Who's there?" She bellowed. Damn, she sure sounded like Miss Treadway! "Come away from that door at once!"

A sudden burst of adrenaline coursed through Suzette's body, and her limbs were invaded by panic stricken action. She pulled herself upright, turned, and dashed down the blackened hall. The servants must have come through and extinguished most of the lamps for the night!

*****

In the morning when Suzette came to breakfast, she saw that Lord Wilberforce was sitting in the place normally occupied by his wife. He had already started eating, and he acknowledged the girl with a silent nod. A servant approached and set the usual rough porridge in front of Suzette while the girl reached for her wine glass. 

His lordship wiped his mouth and spoke: "You are probably wondering where Prudence is this morning..." 

"Yeah, I guess so." Suzette replied. "She—ah—isn't mad at me...is she?"

Now the mustachioed man chuckled at her. "And what, pray, would you have possibly done to anger Prudence?"

Suzette felt a little shocked by his lordship's reply. Maybe she doesn't know that I was the one sitting outside the door last night, she thought.

"I—nothing." Suzette sighed. "I...just did like you said I could. I went exploring and I saw Prudence and Patience and—"

Ravid interrupted: "Yes, she told me Miss Bellamy and Lady Troendle paid a visit last night. The Fiorinia Vopisca is truly an impressive specimen! Did you see it?"

"...yes." Suzette heaved a wavering sigh.

Now his lordship reached over and touched the girl's arm lightly. "I can see that there is something on your mind, my dear." He said. "Is there something bothering you, Suzette? There are no secrets in this house."

After what seemed like an eternity, but was probably no longer than a few seconds, Suzette found her voice.

"Where is Prudence? I mean—she always has breakfast with me instead of..." Her voice trailed off.

"Prudence found something quite—ah—unusual last night." His lordship replied. "She discovered whatever it was after Miss Bellamy and Lady Troendle left. She's gone to visit Lady Troendle because she thought she might know a little more about it—the thing she found, that is. But Prudence is expected to return in time for supper..."

Another long awkward pause followed. At his lordship's signal, the servants appeared and began clearing away some of the bowls and plates. Neither servant touched Suzette's bowl. She'd barely touched her porridge.

"Are you and Prudence really married?" Suzette blurted the question out, shocked by her sudden bluntness. His lordship appeared to be unfazed by the girl's question.

"Yes we are. Prudence controls Covenant and the surrounding lands outside of Bond. And Bond is where I live...with my primary wife."

"Then where do I fit in?" Suzette demanded. Her voice was starting to waver and tears were blurring her vision, threatening to spill down her cheeks. Deep down, Suzette had a suspicion, an idea, but she wanted to know for sure. She wanted to hear it from his lordship's mouth.

"You are the rightful mistress of this house, the same as my wife. You are her companion, her...concubine. You were brought here to Periwinkle Place from the neighboring kingdom of Raeda. I—ah—was hopeful that your memory would have improved by now. But you still don't remember a thing...do you?"

Suzette's face froze in a mask of abject horror. "Get this shit away from me!" She snapped to no one in particular. She knocked the bowl in front of her, causing it to topple over and land face down on the polished floor. Some of the porridge splattered, and the bowl cracked into several jagged puzzle-like pieces. A female servant rushed over and began clearing away the mess. Lord Wilberforce issued a few hushed commands to another servant before responding.

"Suzette, I did not intend to upset you like this. This isn't shameful, my dear. Your title and status is equal to—"

"So I am like a bird in a gilded cage!" Suzette sobbed. "Are you saying that I'm just an ornament...a goddamn toy?"

"An ornament? Certainly not!" His lordship snapped. "How dare you insinuate that my wife would desire the company of common whores?"

His lordship looked angry, like a wounded child. For a second or two, Suzette felt guilty for having such an outburst until she remembered what he'd said a few seconds earlier. A concubine! The idea seemed creepy and gross, but at least it explained her ladyship's amorous advances towards her. Lord Wilberforce rang for his male servant, and when he appeared, his lordship rose from his place at the table and bowed in the stunned girl's direction.

"With some reluctance, I must tear myself away from this conversation. I have some minor business to attend before I return to Bond later today."

When he reached the doorway leading to the great hall, his lordship paused and favored Suzette with a look of pity.

"Frankly, I can't really blame you too much for being so angry." He said. "But the laws in our kingdom are admittedly old and haven't quite caught up. Still, there are quite a lot of beautiful young ladies who would envy your position. In fact, many would gladly die for the chance to take your place."