 Suzette shivered and her eyelids fluttered as she struggled to see something—anything—in the dense shroud of mist that surrounded her. All she could see was the gnarled trunk of a monstrous tree several feet away. It looked positively ancient and otherworldly, like a redwood or a giant cedar. But how could that be? As far as she knew, there were no such trees anywhere in Gates Preserve!

The blond beauty tentatively approached the mammoth trunk and touched the scraggy bark. She wondered what to do now. All around her it was quiet—dreadfully quiet, and the already thick mist that hung in the air grew thicker, reducing her already limited visibility.

Suzette called out and took another step towards the tree. "Miss Larsson?" And then she heard it: 'Schwaff!"

The girl felt something blow past her cheek, and then she heard a thunk as the tip of an arrow buried itself in the knotty tree bark. Suzette's heart leapt into her throat and her eyes widened when she turned and saw a dark figure coming towards her. She heard it again: 'Schwaff!'

"I've got to get the hell out of here!" Suzette muttered to herself.

A quickly escalating sense of dread spread in the pit of Suzette's stomach. She turned and stared at the gigantic opening in the base of that tree. It was completely hollow inside, but it was also much too dark to see anything. The opening was so large she knew she could easily walk inside. After all, Miss Larsson did only a minute or so earlier.

'Schwaff!'

There was a loud commotion of snapping twigs and pounding footfalls heading in Suzette's direction. It was too late to make a dash for the cottage. She couldn't see anything in this fog, and besides, she was sure she'd be hit by one of those arrows!

'Schwaff!'

Suzette peered into the opening of the tree. It was black as pitch inside and a bone chilling breeze surrounded her, making her shudder. Suddenly she recalled something that Miss Larsson often said to her and the other girls in the GSC. "Do it afraid." She said this last year when Suzette told her that she wanted to try out for cheerleading but she was too afraid of missing the cut.

Of course she did try out, and she didn't make the cut. Since then, Suzette wrote it off as some of the stupidest advice she'd gotten from a teacher. But now someone was after her and she had nowhere to go but through that opening. She had to follow Miss Larsson. She had to do it afraid!

Suzette squeezed her eyes shut and dashed through the opening...

Seconds later, the bone chilling cold and darkness disintegrated. It was replaced by a pleasant warmth that gently caressed Suzette's lovely face. She slowly opened her eyes to the golden ribbons of sunlight penetrating the dense canopy of trees to the forest floor below. The girl took a few steps forward and delighted in the cacophony of noise surrounding her. Birdsong, crickets, and even the irritating buzz of gnats and mosquitoes sounded like music to her ears.

Now the girl's legs exploded into action. Without looking back, she scrambled through the tangles of brush and twigs, past a few fallen trees, until she came upon a path. Suzette hardly knew what she was doing or which direction she was headed, and she found her legs taking her in a long striding rush towards the end of the path to a clearing. Her breath caught in her throat. Could it be?

Here, Suzette saw two outhouses and a handful of large tents. Her heart began to race and she tripped and fell into a tangle of thorny bushes. The blond beauty scrambled back onto her feet and brushed herself off. "I think I found my way back to the campsite." Suzette muttered softly. "Please let it be..."

She slowed her pace to a brisk walk and as she got closer, she saw Miss Treadway standing alongside a picnic table, swaying a little from side to side as though she'd been on her feet for quite a while. Her hands went on her slender hips the second she spied the girl coming and her voice was thunderous as always.

"Suzette Plum, I specifically gave you permission to use the outhouse—not to wander off!"

As the girl approached, she felt goosebumps prickling her arms. Miss Treadway seemed really angry, but then again, when wasn't she? Suzette hesitated near the picnic table, unsure whether or not to sit. The butch gym teacher seemed larger than life and the heavy frames of her horn rimmed glasses made her look like some strange breed of owl.

"I'm sorry, Miss Treadway..." Suzette replied softly.

"I don't want to hear it!" The gym teacher heaved a disgusted sigh. She ordered her student to get up and follow her to her tent. "Look at you, Suzette, you're a mess! What were you doing in the woods anyway?"

"Getting lost I guess."

Suzette glanced down and saw that her knee was covered in blood. She felt like dying of embarrassment! She didn't mean to fall in those bushes, but she was just so excited, so...relieved! She looked around now and wondered where everyone else was.

"Everyone finished lunch twenty minutes ago. Miss Larsson and Mrs. McBride are at the softball diamond with your classmates." Now Miss Treadway stopped in front of one of the tents and unzipped the front flap. "Let's go inside and get that cleaned up.

Suzette followed her teacher into the spacious canvas structure. Inside there were a few bags with various items scattered around and three sleeping bags. She assumed the other two sleeping bags belonged to Miss Larsson and Mrs. McBride. Miss Treadway reached over and zippered the flap shut behind them.

"Sit over there." The butch woman pointed to her sleeping bag and Suzette watched while Miss Treadway sank to her knees and started rummaging through one of her bags. Seconds later she produced a first aid kit. She opened it and took out some gauze squares and peroxide.

"You don't have to do that, Miss Treadway." Suzette protested. "I'll be okay."

"Yeah, well I don't have to do a lot of things but I do because I care." She sat very close to her student. "Let me see what we got here, young lady."

Suzette watched intently for several seconds while Miss Treadway began to carefully wipe the excess blood from her knee. The sting of peroxide made the girl wince and draw back so that Miss Treadway grabbed her thigh to steady her.

"Come on, it's just a little sting, Suzette; nothing that'll kill you." The gym teacher softly chided.

Now she reached for a bandage and handed it to Suzette so she could apply it herself. But when she went to take the bandage, Miss Treadway hung onto it for a few extra seconds. The blond beauty's cheeks instantly became flushed when she realized their fingers were actually touching. A sensual fire raced up her arm and caused Suzette to catch her breath as she was reminded once more of the intense crush she'd had on this woman. She looked past the gym teacher's head at the zippered up flap and swallowed hard. She hoped that nobody would decide to return to camp and extinguish the quickly escalating inferno rushing over her like ocean waves.

"Miss Treadway, I'm real sorry about this." The girl said anxiously. "It's just that...I'm no good at sports and Amanda Norman made me so mad! I had to get away. I didn't mean to wander off!"

For a few seconds it looked like Miss Treadway was thinking about what to say to all that. Suzette certainly didn't expect to hear what came next.

"I'm very aware of the numerous dust-ups you've had with some of the other girls." Miss Treadway replied. She stared at the girl over the tops of her glasses and Suzette shifted uncomfortably. "I don't rely on my peers for constant approval and neither should you. Their world is not your world."

"What—what are you talking about?" Suzette was becoming more anxious now. She looked past Miss Treadway's head again. "Maybe we should go back to the softball diamond with the others. They're probably wondering where you are by now."

"They're probably gone by now." Miss Treadway replied matter-of-factly. "After lunch they all decided to gather at the softball diamond. Miss Larsson and Mrs. McBride took the group down to the river for some canoeing."

Miss Treadway packed the first aid kit away and Suzette scrunched up her nose. It was really strange that everyone would continue on with the retreat like that. Didn't Miss Larsson say that she'd come back for her?

"I'm really confused, Miss Treadway. What do you mean 'their world is not my world'?"

Miss Treadway took her glasses off and slipped them into a case before shoving it into the bag with the first aid kit. She tossed the bag aside, and now Suzette was staring into the butch woman's dark eyes. "You—you look like someone I've seen before." The girl stammered. "When I was lost in the woods..." Before Suzette could say or do anything else, Miss Treadway leaned in and gently kissed her on the mouth.

"I mean that your world is now very different. You are destined to serve, Suzette. You are no ordinary girl. You are a noble young woman. You were called to serve and you need to do so without question. Your desire to wander has led you back home. I expect you will realize this eventually." Miss Treadway leaned in and kissed her bewildered student again.

It felt like fireworks going off inside Suzette's chest and her breath quickly became labored. Next to the ordeal she'd faced in the woods, this was the weirdest thing to ever happen! First Miss Larsson seemed to have feelings for her and now...Miss Treadway? Suzette glanced up and stared in disbelief at the rugged features of the gym teacher's face. Her first instinct was to get up and run away, but she stayed put. She struggled to figure out if any of this was real or not. Just the same, she had an itch she desperately needed to scratch and her gym teacher seemed open to this...

"You're not Miss Treadway...are you?"

"Ssshh..." And with that, the old dyke leaned into Suzette and kissed her aggressively.

Suzette was shocked by this, but now she eagerly returned the kisses. "This must be a dream or something." She murmured, and Miss Treadway replied with a "Hush" as they continued kissing each other. The gym teacher nipped at the porcelain skin on Suzette's neck and the girl let out a couple sharp gasps.

Now Miss Treadway's hands crept over to the waistband of Suzette's shorts. The blond beauty gasped loudly as the older woman pulled her shirt out of the waistband and up over her head. The shirt was tossed aside and now Suzette felt the clasp of her bra come undone. In seconds, the gorgeous girl was topless. She whimpered softly when Miss Treadway's mouth engulfed the small swell of her right breast.

"Oh my God, that feels so good..." Suzette moaned. She delighted at the sensation of the powerful butch woman's face rubbing against her breasts. Miss Treadway suckled Suzette's little nipples, gently taking the distended tips between her teeth. "Unnnghh, if this is a dream, I hope I never wake up!" 

It was scary how fast Miss Treadway turned Suzette on. That was when the girl decided that it really must be a dream although everything looked, felt, and even smelled perfectly real to her. As they shared another tender kiss, the only thought in Suzette's mind was to make her butch lover feel just as good as she did.

"My beautiful sweet girl," Miss Treadway whispered. "And so naughty too! I saw the way you've been looking at me ever since the bus dropped our group off. And when I dropped my whistle, you were so quick to catch it for me, so eager to please!"

"I just wanted to make you happy."

"Oh you did, Suzette, and you shall. Would you like to continue?"

Suzette gazed into the gym teacher's piercing dark eyes and hesitated for a second or two before nodding. With shaking hands, she pulled the bottom of Miss Treadway's shirt from her waistband. The old dyke dutifully raised her slender arms while the girl pulled the shirt off her older lover and tossed it aside. Now the blond beauty reached around her teacher's back and fumbled with the clasp of her bra. Seconds later, Miss Treadway was topless.

For a few moments, Suzette admired the sight of Miss Treadway's slender middle aged body. The older woman's skin was as fair as hers. Her breasts were quite small, nearly flat and topped with dime sized areolas. The girl's trembling hands went to her older lover's breasts, caressing them for several seconds before she decided to lean in to deliver a flurry of tender kisses. When her lovely full lips closed over the nipple, Miss Treadway moaned in appreciation, and Suzette knew then that she was doing something right for once.

The butch gym teacher leaned back now and pulled Suzette on top of her. Slowly her hands slid down the girl's back and underneath her shorts, squeezing her ass cheeks as they continued to kiss.

"I didn't want to say so, but I've had a crush on you for the longest time." Suzette whispered.

"Had a feeling you probably did." Miss Treadway softly replied.

Now the old dyke rolled the blond beauty onto her back against the sleeping bag. Suzette gasped as Miss Treadway hooked her fingers into the waistband of her shorts and panties, pulling both down at once. The girl was completely naked and vulnerable with the butch gym teacher hovering above her, softly caressing the taught curves of her slender little body.

After a few minutes, Miss Treadway began stroking the soft thicket of light blond hair that covered Suzette's mound. With the tips of her fingers, the old dyke traced along the cleft and remarked how wet she was. Suzette gasped and whimpered softly as she felt the welcome fullness of her teacher's fingers probing inside her. "Oh God!" She cried out. She was amazed at how good it felt.

Miss Treadway paused and brought her fingers to her mouth. The tips were slick and glistened with the girl's wetness which she eagerly tasted. "Mmm, you taste so good, honey." She moaned. "I'd love to give you a good tongue lashing."

"I want to see you first." Suzette hissed. The girl sat up and reached for the waistband of her teacher's shorts, aggressively yanking them down over her slender hips. At first the older woman's panties refused to budge and Suzette fought a sudden urge to burst out laughing at the sight. She watched as Miss Treadway pulled them down along with her shorts and tossed them aside, revealing a jungle of dark untrimmed pubic hair between her slender thighs. "Wow." Suzette sighed.

Miss Treadway said nothing as the girl tentatively reached a hand out to stroke the somewhat matted tangles of coarse hair. The girl drew a deep breath and savored the earthy aroma of sweat and female arousal. The old dyke gasped when she felt Suzette's fingertips parting her sopping wet folds, stroking the raw pink flesh within and spreading the older woman's juices.

Suzette closed her eyes and tried to keep her focus. It was amazing how much Miss Treadway felt like Miss Larsson, and yet both women felt different at the same time. Like Miss Larsson, the old dyke's pussy was amazingly hot and sopping wet. As a matter of fact, she actually felt hotter and wetter than Suzette ever felt when she masturbated. The girl's fingertips plunged inside her lover's birth canal, and instantly, the sound of a guttural moan filled the inside of the tent.

"Feels so good...you've done this before, haven't you?" 

The gruff sound of Miss Treadway's voice sent shockwaves of throbbing sensation to Suzette's pussy and the girl winced. She slowly pulled her fingers out of her lover's drenched crevice and brought them to her mouth. Of course, this wasn't the first time Suzette tasted another woman. She quickly learned to crave the taste of those hot musky juices, and in seconds, the girl had sucked her fingers clean.

Suzette was barely finished when Miss Treadway roughly pushed her onto her back and spread her legs apart. Now the girl felt the old dyke's tongue making contact with her clitoris. Her head fell back against the sleeping bag and her mouth fell open. "Unnnghh!"

In no time Miss Treadway had two fingers buried deep inside the blond beauty's snatch as she worked her clitoris with her tongue. Suzette was moaning helplessly and gasping for breath. The butch woman delivered a barrage of tender kisses to the girl's pussy, letting her tongue trace along the slick inner labia upwards to her clitoris. The tip of Miss Treadway's tongue fluttered expertly against the sensitive bud of flesh and the girl melted into the sleeping bag.

"Oh God, Miss Treadway...don't stop!"

For a second or two, Suzette stared at the powerful butch woman going down on her. Her trembling fingers tentatively combed through Miss Treadway's short dark hair and she began to experience that euphoric feeling, like her body and soul was floating away. The old dyke's hands slowly crept upward and closed over Suzette's breasts, caressing them as her mouth continued to make love to her pussy. Soon the familiar sensation of a quickly building orgasm rose in the pit of the girl's stomach and she screamed.

"Ahhhhh!"

The girl's hips gyrated against her older lover's mouth as wave after wave of powerful sensation crashed over her. Miss Treadway continued to gently lick until Suzette was finally spent. When her body stopped spasming, the old dyke started to kiss her way up. She tenderly kissed Suzette's belly, nipples, and neck as the girl struggled to catch her breath. Dream or no dream, there was no doubt Miss Treadway had taken Suzette Plum to another world!

The girl let out a sigh. "I want you so bad, Miss Treadway. Please let me have you!"

The butch gym nodded her assent before Suzette kissed her hard on the mouth, tasting and smelling herself on her older lover. With a little help, the girl rolled Miss Treadway onto her back now and kissed her way down the teacher's neck and across her prominent collarbone. She could hear the old dyke's heart ponding in her chest as she kissed the pale little swells of her breasts. The sound of a soft whimper prickled the skin around her ear when she suckled first the right, then the left breast.

Minutes later, Suzette broke contact with those puffy pink nipples and kissed her way down over her lover's washboard stomach. She delighted in the sound of Miss Treadway's labored breathing as she approached that dense triangle of pubic hair. She hesitated for a second or two before pressing her face against the moist thatch and she drew another deep breath. God, the smell of a butch woman in heat would never get old! It was then when Suzette realized that maybe Miss Treadway was right; she was destined to serve and pleasure other women.

Suzette listened to her lover's ragged breaths as her tongue emerged to trace along the hairy cleft before dipping into the sopping wet inner folds. Miss Treadway let loose with a low sultry moan and buried her fingers in the girl's abundant light blond locks. Now the blond beauty pressed the tip of her tongue against the butch woman's clitoris and began teasing it with a flurry of gentle licks. 

Now Miss Treadway firmly pressed her young lover's face against her snatch so tightly, Suzette could hardly breathe. But she persisted. Suzette adored breathing in the primal earthy musk of arousal. Each moan she heard gave her purpose and encouraged the girl to continue with the oral assault. Soon Suzette could feel the sloppy wetness overflowing from the old dyke's pussy. It dripped from her chin and soaked into the sleeping bag. She wondered for a second just how big the puddle would get before she was finished.

"Ahh...Suzette!" Miss Treadway gasped. The need in the otherwise gruff gym teacher's voice prompted the girl to stop for a second. "Gaaah—NO—DON'T STOP!" She shoved the girl's face back into the hairy thicket.

Suzette gasped for breath and let out a moan as her mouth made contact with her lover's pussy again. This time, a sudden burst of wetness flooded her mouth and the pervasive odor of musk and sweat invaded her nostrils. The blond beauty began licking aggressively, flicking the tough little nub of her lover's clitoris with her tongue. Through her lips she could feel Miss Treadway's approaching orgasm. The butch woman's body stiffened and her back slowly arched away from the sleeping bag.
