 I was glad to finally have some time to myself. The tour of my new school had certainly been interesting but also a bit overwhelming. I needed some time to process everything. It had been a crazy few days.

Everything had been moving so quickly. After hearing the pitch from the "recruiters" from a school for "special" young adults with certain gifts and abilities, I think my parents mostly felt relief. I know I must have become a handful, more than they bargained for. Still it kind of hurt that they jumped so quickly at the chance to send me off. How the recruiters found me or knew about my abilities, my parents never asked. I would have liked to know. I had only discovered these abilities myself a few years ago and I tried hard to prevent anyone else from discovering them too; maybe I had failed at that.

"Well, Becca? What do you think?" my mom asked after the pitch. I knew it didn't matter really what I thought. They were offering a free private education that would otherwise be out of reach for my family. I had just turned 18, graduated high school, and even the local community college seemed like a financial stress. The idea that I would gain better control of my abilities and maybe even use them for good no doubt appealed to my parents, who had always seemed just a bit frightened of me after they first discovered what I could do.

I can create copies of myself. Clones. Whatever you want to call them. I really can't explain how it works better than just, I concentrate for a bit, and suddenly there is another version of me, an exact duplicate, could be my twin, next to me. Same height, hair, eyes, clothes, a perfect copy.

The copies had turned out to be incredibly useful. I found that as long as one of us went to school, I could stay home watching tv, go to the mall, get a manicure, whatever. Homework took next to no time because I could divide up assignments and tackle them simultaneously, all while making dinner. Despite the benefits, the first time I showed my parents their reaction made it clear that revealing what I could do to people who weren't biologically predisposed to love me would probably be somewhere between frightened and horrified. So I never let more than one copy leave the house.

While leaving everything I knew behind for some cloistered boarding school didn't exactly sound fun, there was certainly a part of me that was interested in being around people who I wouldn't need to hide my abilities from. To maybe feel a little acceptance.

"I don't know. It could be alright I guess."

I was given two days to pack my things and make arrangements. I didn't feel this was entirely enough time to say goodbye to my old life but the recruiters said it was best to give it the band-aid treatment and rip it off quickly. It also gave less time for unwanted questions to come up.

My first day I was briefly shown to my room to drop off my things. Like the rest of the school, it seemed pretty nice. Definitely an old money, ivy league feel to the place, even if it completely lacked name recognition (intentionally so as I was reminded). They told me all new students get a room to themselves for the first couple weeks to help them adjust to their new environment. At first I was a bit disappointed because socializing with the other "special" students was a big reason I came to the school. After my tour though, I appreciated my own space.

The school had a lot of traditional looking classrooms, just way better outfitted than anything I'd seen before. There were also some pretty big differences from a regular school like intense looking laboratories and "training" rooms where students tested their abilities against what looked like sometimes very dangerous challenges. But the biggest shock was the other students, they were all shapes and sizes. Some glowed gently, others looked like they were on fire. I saw some doing incredible feats of strength, another was flying, I even saw someone with fur. The range of abilities was staggering. All the while my guide was asking me about my abilities.

"Are you aware of what your copies are doing when they are away from you? Can you communicate with them over long distances? Any telepathy?"

"No, nothing like that. Once they leave they go off and do their thing. But I still usually know what they are doing because, well, it's what I would be doing.''

"And when these copies rejoin you?"

"Generally, all their memories and experiences get combined. I might remember what a copy was doing the way you remember what your breakfast was like this morning. I just remember two breakfasts instead of one."

"I see. What about physical changes. If a copy is injured, is there a healing factor when it's reunited?"

"Well, first of all, the copy is still me, so don't call me 'it' please. A copy isn't like, some shell of me or something. And to answer your question, generally no. I mean I've never like broken a bone or something to see what happens. But I've had a sunburn when reunited after one of me stayed home indoors all day. But I've also gotten to keep a manicure only one of me got, so I take the good with the bad."

"Interesting, I see. Well I'm sure we'll do more study on that later."

So here I am, sitting in this empty room. Finally taking a moment to breathe. I am glad for the alone time. I am anxious to meet new people but seeing all the different abilities, some actually frightening to me for a change, I appreciate that I don't need to rush into this whole scene.

Still, this whole new experience has me a bit excited. I'm nervous, giddy, all the nerves of a new school with a whole lot more thrown in. I just need something to calm me down from my anxiety. I need to relax. Fortunately I have a pretty good way to mix excitement with relaxation. 

I locked the door and laid down on my new bed. I tried to block out thoughts of everything that had happened. I knew I needed to be more relaxed and focused before I actually ventured out there. So I closed my eyes and slid one hand down my jeans. I slowly started to rub my clit. I bit my lip as I felt myself just starting to get wet. I used my finger to rub circles around my clit while my other hand rubbed my tits over my shirt. As I felt myself getting wetter, I slowly peeled off my pants, exposing my smooth legs to the cold the air.

I slid a finger inside my pussy feeling my wetness all the way in. I slowly moved one finger in and out, curling it up inside myself. I took my other hand and slowly sucked on my fingers. I could tell from how wet I was and how turned on, I was ready to take it to the next level. 

I felt the slight buzzing in my head that always started and lasted just a few seconds when I used my abilities. Suddenly, there was a copy next to me in bed. She grabbed my wrist of the hand at my mouth and slowly started to suck my fingers.

The copy was like the most perfect identical twin. She had my same auburn hair, down just passed her shoulders, the same light olive skin, the same deep hazel eyes, and the same full B cups. She was wearing the same white blouse and blue panties I had on. 

While it's true I couldn't read her mind, I still knew what she was thinking because it's what I was thinking. She laid on top of me and slowly leaned in to kiss me. It was always the most perfect kiss, feeling my soft lips, my tongue entering my mouth always at exactly the right moment. I felt her hand between my legs, rubbing my pussy over my increasingly soaked panties. We kissed long and passionately. Then she pulled off my shirt followed by her own, she did the same to our bras. I felt her tits, my tits, press up against my own as her tongue entered my mouth again. Both of our nipples getting hard at the same time.

Slowly she started to kiss me down my neck, down my collarbone, then chest until she got to my tits. She took one in her hand and sucked it. Her warm mouth engulfing my stiff nipple. Her tongue flicked over my nipple back and forth rapidly, then it would slowly trace circles around it before going back to quickly tonguing it. I knew exactly how to tease myself. She took her mouth off of it and blew on it. The cold air on my wet nipple only making it more sensitive right before she squeezed it and I let out a small gasp, knowing it was coming but still not able to stop myself. As she squeezed my firm nipple between her thumb and index finger the tip of her tongue reached out to flick the very tip of my nipple. Then she continued to kiss me down my stomach.

When her kisses got right to my panty line she stopped and slowly slid them off of me. I watched as she held them to her face and inhaled. I love my own scent. She looked up at me, like looking into a mirror. She pushed herself up just a little and held out my panties. Knowing exactly what we both wanted I opened my mouth and let her stuff them inside, the strong scent and taste of my own juices filling my mouth. I watched as she went back down and started to suck my clit. Two of her fingers went inside of me. She kept tonguing me and fingering me harder, giving it to me in that exactly perfect way only I could know. I reached down and pulled her hair, hearing her let out a moan. I knew I liked that. I would look back on that fondly after we reunite. I feel her tongue flicking my clit faster and faster. I am getting close and she knows it. I feel my body tense and relax as a wave of orgasm comes over me. She sucks hard on my clit, exactly what I need to prolong my peak pleasure. 

She comes back up and pulls the panties from my mouth. We kiss again, tasting myself on her lips. She pulls back from the kiss, her face maybe six inches from mine. I smile, knowing what she's thinking. She grabs the back of my hair, sticks out her tongue, presses it against my left cheek and licks all over my face. I purr feeling my spit covering my face, debasing myself. 

She gives my hair an extra hard tug, the sharp pain snapping me out of my euphoric stupor. She stands over me and pulls off her identical panties. She lowers herself onto my already wet face. I feel her juices dripping onto me, down my face as I tongue at her pussy, her hand on her clit. I rub my own pussy, putting two fingers inside. She starts to grind against my face, I hear her breathing getting faster, less steady, I know exactly how close she is. I lick faster, her pussy gushing on my face as she starts to moan and shake. The sound of my fingers furiously fucking my wet pussy rising with her moans. Her legs squeeze my head as she cums.

She turns around to face my pussy and leans over. I lick at her pussy slowly, knowing she is feeling sensitive. She sucks my clit then pauses and lifts her hand to give it a few light smacks, then goes back to sucking. I reach around her ass and pull her pussy in close. We spend the next few minutes eating our pussies and warming up for more. 

I'm feeling much more relaxed now but I know I want just a little more before I call it a night. Which means she does too. She rolls off of me. I see myself, naked, sexy, across the bed from me. I spread my legs, she inches closer and spreads hers. Our pussies start to grind against each other. Clits rubbing together, wetness spreading. I feel my pleasure building but I want more, faster.

I close my eyes for a moment, biting my lip, I know I want it. A buzz and then she's there, another copy, naked in my bed with us. She leans down and kisses me as I rub my pussy harder against the first copy. Soon I'm watching my copies kiss. The new copy is running her hands over both of us, massaging our tits, kissing us softly. Then I see the wicked smile come over her face and I know she wants us to cum. She grabs my face between her hands and leans over. I watch as a string of drool gathers at the edge of her lips. It dribbles down on my face, my own spit rolling down my cheeks. I feel flush, my pussy feels so sensitive. I look at both versions of me, fucking me. The sensory overload kicks in and I start to cum hard. My legs shaking, my breathing ragged, trying to keep my moans below a scream, unsure of how thick the walls are.

After that, we all curl up in bed, naked, holding each other. The smell of pussy in the air. My nerves about this new place have momentarily left me and I'm finally relaxed. I feel like getting in a quick nap before daring to venture out. I close my eyes, arms wrapped around the copies, slowly drifting to sleep, feeling myself becoming one whole again.