 "Suzette, thank heaven I found you!"

Suzette's eyes fluttered open and she struggled now to sit upright. As parts of her body gradually came awake, she was aware of a distinct bracing chill. It surrounded her like a thong so tight, the skin burned for a second or two, leaving a rash of goosebumps in its wake. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes, and feeling the uncomfortable dampness of leaves and dirt underneath her, she looked around.

"I told you not to wander off! We've been looking for you all day!"

"Miss Larsson?" The girl blinked twice as she struggled to focus on the blond gym teacher standing in front of her. "Oh my God is that really you, Miss Larsson?" She asked. "I didn't mean to wander off—honest!"

Miss Larsson helped the girl to stand. "Hurry up and follow me. There's a storm coming this way—a pretty bad one."

Suzette stared as the older woman turned and started walking through the brush. There was no mistaking the gym teacher's slender butch appearance. She was wearing shorts and a shirt with broad horizontal stripes. Suzette followed the sound of Miss Larsson's clipped voice. Maybe there was a path nearby and she'd somehow missed it.

"Where's Miss Treadway and Mrs. McBride?" Suzette wondered aloud.

"Back at the campsite with the others."

Suzette paused for a moment and gazed up at the thick canopy of trees, taking note of the disturbing stillness in the air. Except for the crunching of dead leaves and branches beneath their feet, there was no noise, no birdsong or buzzing of mosquitoes and gnats. There was a tree that stood very close by. It was a towering pine, and it remained perfectly still like a fragrant sentinel, without even a shudder.

"Will you come on?" Miss Larsson snapped. "We're almost there!"

Suzette issued no reply as the shadows around them grew larger and spread until everything was shrouded in darkness. There was a low angry rumbling somewhere in the distance, and a solitary drop of rain splattered against the girl's forehead. Miss Larsson snatched her roughly by the arm.

"We have to get inside before the storm comes, now hustle!"

Suzette held on to Miss Larsson's arm as they quickened their pace. There was another rumble of thunder now, ushering in a gust of wind that whipped around their legs. The cracklings, sighs, and angry grumbles began to blend together in a ghostly symphony. It was as if the woods were haunted by some reclusive spirit trying to drive them out.

An errant flash of lightning briefly illuminated the increasing darkness. This was followed by a loud crash, and a frightened squeal escaped Suzette's lips. The sky above the canopy became a rolling pitch before the rain came. It started at first with a sound like white noise, and then the sky became a deluge, pelting them with wet little projectiles.

Miss Larsson seemed to be desperately searching for something. "Those trees over there," She said, pointing straight ahead. "That's where we're going, now hurry!"

"But it isn't safe!"

"Trust me, Suzette. I know what I'm doing, now come on!"

Suzette ran behind the blond gym teacher, foolishly hoping they could get away from the storm. As they ventured deeper into the woods, the deluge became a flood. The girl's eyes widened as fallen leaves and other debris swept past them. The wind was much stronger here, howling all around them, and the patches of sky left visible flashed with streaks of lightning. Miss Larsson came to a sudden stop.

"Miss Larsson, why are we stopping now? We have to get out of here!"

"I know that!"

Somewhere in the distance, a mighty bolt of lightning touched the ground and lit the entire area up as if it was high noon. There was an earth-shattering crash followed by another roar. Bright light reflected in Suzette's eyes as she saw the start of a small fire in the distance. The fire burned briefly before the rain snuffed it out. The girl trembled uncontrollably and her knees buckled. She grabbed the back of Miss Larsson's shirt which by now was completely soaked and clung like cellophane on her back. 

Suzette couldn't see the calm, almost stoic look on the gym teacher's face. The blond older woman raised a hand to her brow, trying to shield her eyes from the downpour. She seemed to be scanning the area, searching for something. Another loud crash of thunder shook the mud soaked ground beneath them.

"Over there!" Miss Larsson shouted above the gale. "I've found it, see?"

Suzette reluctantly pulled her face away from the safety of the gym teacher's shoulder. She blinked a few times, struggling now to make sense of the shapes in the darkness. The wind and rain stung her eyes, but so far all she could see was trees and more trees.

Another flash of lightning illuminated something that looked like a small cabin. But as they got closer, Suzette realized that it wasn't a cabin at all. It looked like an old stone cottage, like something from a storybook. Suzette furrowed her brow as she took in what little of the exterior she could see. It certainly wouldn't have been out of place to see a hunter's cabin or an old clapboard shack somewhere in Gates Preserve. But this strange little building (as quaint as it looked) didn't belong here at all!

"Don't worry, it's abandoned!" Miss Larsson shouted. "I found it during last year's retreat! We'll be safe in there until the storm passes!" 

The downpour picked up strength, turning into what seemed like solid sheets of icy water in a matter of seconds. Suzette blindly followed behind Miss Larsson, and her feet suddenly started sinking into the muddy ground. There was another loud crack of thunder and Suzette let out an ear piercing scream.

"Come on, Suzette, you have to keep going or you'll be stuck out here!"

But Suzette stood there, paralyzed by fear. Her eyes fluttered open and she saw the trees around her swaying and reaching out as if they were about to snatch her up. She stood there, frozen, her knees quaking and the icy rain dripping steadily from her chin like a leaking faucet. She was cold; soaked to the bone, but she was too afraid to move. Lightning flashed and thunder clapped again.

The blond beauty screamed: "Miss Larsson! Miss Larsson!"

The poor girl's heart pounded in her ears and she didn't dare open her eyes to the sight of those evil swaying trees. She blindly reached out in front of her, grasping at nothing, and took a step. She let loose with a frightened squeal as she plunged almost face down in the mud. She landed in a huge puddle!

"Miss Larsson!"

Suzette's eyes were squeezed shut and she started flailing around helplessly, searching for something to grasp on to. After a few seconds, she managed to get on her knees and reach forward. But when she tried to stand up, she couldn't. Something had wrapped around her ankle now, pinning her there. It was probably a downed branch or a newly exposed network of roots refusing to let Suzette go. Another crash of thunder shook the earth and the girl screamed.

"Here, Suzette, take hold of me!"

She could hear Miss Larsson's voice but she couldn't see her. She reached out again and felt the gym teacher's small shoulders. Next Suzette wrapped her arms around Miss Larsson as she felt the pressure releasing from her ankle. She was free! Miss Larsson carefully lifted the girl out of the mud puddle, hefting her in her arms, and slopped through the mud towards the cottage.

"Miss Larsson, you saved me! You're my hero!"

The butch woman crossed the door's threshold and replied with a sarcastic guffaw as the girl's feet touched the floor.

"Sure, you can thank me later then." She pulled the door shut and bolted it against the storm.

At first there wasn't much to see except darkness and the occasional flash of lightning. The inside wasn't very big at all. Suzette guessed it was probably two rooms at the most. The air all around them smelled musty and damp, furring the insides of Suzette's nostrils and causing her to sneeze several times.

The blond beauty heard a quiet rustling as Miss Larsson searched around the darkened space for something she couldn't see. A staccato burst of light penetrated the darkness followed by the comforting scrape of a match. A tiny lick of flame descended onto the candle of an old glass lamp. Suzette just stared at the hypnotic flicker, shivering and dripping water onto the floor while the storm continued its impotent rage.

"I told you to hurry up, Suzette!" Miss Larsson snapped. "I told you that you'd be stuck and you fell into a ditch...lucky I was able to pull you out of there..."

Suzette muttered a weak apology and stood there shivering while Miss Larsson went over to an old wooden chest. The gym teacher lifted up the top and rummaged through its contents. Another sudden rumble of thunder caused the girl to flinch and she shuffled away from the door.

"It's weird to find a place like this in Gates Preserve." Suzette remarked through chattering teeth. "How did you say you found it?"

"Last year's GSC retreat." Miss Larsson replied. "I was with Miss Treadway gathering firewood while Mrs. McBride stayed back at camp with the girls." The older woman gathered a couple thick blankets in her arms and tossed them onto a rustic looking bed next to the stone fireplace. "The place looked abandoned, and so I come out here once in a while to get away from things. I trust that you'll do the right thing and keep this a secret. You're right though...quaint little place...people wouldn't understand..."

Miss Larsson retrieved the small box of matches from the only other piece of furniture in the room, an equally rustic wooden table, and began to chuck several pieces of wood from a nearby pile into the fireplace grate. Suzette stared in silence as the blond older woman struggled for the next several minutes to get a fire going.

"I—I'm really sorry about getting lost." The girl said. "I know that you told me not to wander off, but I really needed to use the bathroom—"

"And the outhouse wasn't good enough?"

Once the fire was steadily burning, Suzette let out a loud gasp and her heart leapt into her throat as Miss Larsson started undressing in front of her.

"Miss Larsson, why are you..."

"Fastest way to catch the flu is to keep standing there in those wet clothes. Haven't been sick in over 20 years and I certainly don't plan on it now. Hurry up and get out of those wet things before you catch your death!"

Another crackle of thunder made Suzette flinch and stumble backwards a few steps. Miss Larsson kicked off her shoes and peeled first the right, then the left sock off her feet and tossed them aside. Now the blond gym teacher shimmied out of her shirt and wrung it out onto the floor in front of her. Suzette didn't know where to look; she was mortified! Miss Larsson pulled her shorts down over her slender hips and paused long enough to ask the girl why she wasn't getting undressed.

"I think you'll end up more miserable being sick than bashful, Suzette. This isn't any different than changing in the locker room. Besides, we're both women, aren't we? Nothing to be ashamed of!"

Suzette started to pull her shirt up over her head when there was another earth shattering BOOM, and she let loose with another strangled cry. I can't do this, Suzette thought. She was cold and miserable, but this was totally embarrassing! What if Lisa or Michelle or Becky VanMatre saw this? Oh God, what if Amanda saw this? She'd die, that's what!

"Everything will be okay, kid." Miss Larsson assured the shivering girl. "The storm can't get us in here."

"It's not that..." Suzette's voice trailed off.

Shame couldn't prevent Suzette from staring as Miss Larsson quickly finished undressing and made a dash for the bed. She was able to get a fleeting glimpse of the gym teacher's middle aged body before she dove under the covers. Suzette guessed Miss Larsson was average height, about 5'5". She was remarkably toned and slender with hair and skin so fair, she could have been carved from a piece of alabaster. Her breasts were proportionately small (barely a handful), and the small areolas were pink and hard as chips of rose quartz. A sudden rush of heat flooded the girl's cheeks and she tried to look away.

"You look like you're pretty chilly standing there in those soaking wet clothes." Miss Larsson said. "There's an extra blanket you can use to cover up on the table next to the lamp. I won't look, I promise."

Suzette shuddered as an intense chill raced down her spine. She heaved a ragged sigh, and with shaking hands, she pulled off her shirt. The mixture of bone-chilling cold and embarrassment was crippling. Suzette could feel Miss Larsson staring at her intently as she fumbled with her shorts before reaching around to unhook her bra. Even in the low light of the fire she knew Miss Larsson could see the tears brimming in her eyes, blurring her vision.

The gym teacher glanced upward and listened to the rumbles of thunder while Suzette grabbed the blanket to cover up before shedding her panties.

"Sounds like the storm is starting to die down." Miss Larsson observed.

"I HATE storms!" Suzette blurted angrily through chattering teeth.

The girl padded over to the bed and sat on the edge. Miss Larsson sat up now. She held the blankets against her chest and gave Suzette's bare shoulder a sympathetic pat. By now, Suzette felt so mad and humiliated she could barely focus. God, she hated storms and she was absolutely freezing! And what if her classmates found out about this? What if Leah found out she'd spent time in a cottage alone with Miss Larsson—CRYING?

Suzette became dreadfully aware of an electric sort of tingling, prickling her bare skin. Miss Larsson was rubbing her back, trying to get her to relax. But the sensation, though not unpleasant, was enough to make the poor girl want to jump out of her skin!

"Won't the others be worried about us?" Suzette wondered aloud. "What if they go looking for us?"

"They'll know soon enough that we're both safe...after the storm passes." Miss Larsson softly replied.

Suzette turned to face the gym teacher for a second or two, and their eyes met. The short blunt locks of Miss Larsson's blond hair were mostly dry, creating an odd nimbus effect that illuminated the arguably fay features of her middle aged face. For some reason, Suzette thought she looked slightly softer now, less butch. Miss Larsson gazed at the blond beauty sitting beside her with a look of concern as she continued to rub her back. The sensations amplified the shrillness slowly building between the girl's slender legs. Suzette stared into Miss Larsson's hoary blue eyes and swallowed hard.

"Miss Larsson?"

"What is it, Suzette?"

"Promise you won't tell anyone about this, will you? I would totally die if—"

"I'd never give a student's secrets away—not even to the likes of Miss Treadway—you should know that by now."

Suzette shifted uncomfortably and started to look away, but she was stopped cold. Miss Larsson gently grasped Suzette's chin, turning her face to meet her penetrating gaze. The girl sucked in her breath, and before she could utter a word, the older woman kissed her tenderly on the mouth like a lover. 

Suzette's eyes fluttered and a rash of goosebumps raised the hairs on the back of her neck. After a second or two, they broke the kiss. Suzette was visibly flustered. She didn't know where to look because after this, she was sure she'd never be able to face Miss Larsson again; not now—not ever!

Her mind stumbled backwards to the softball game and her classmates whistling and making lewd remarks when Miss Larsson tried to show her how to properly hold the bat. She knew that the other girls often cracked jokes about Miss Larsson and Miss Treadway; how the two of them were dykes. And Suzette's face started burning when she thought about the crush she'd had on Miss Treadway for so long.

The girl felt extremely light-headed and dizzy now. How could she not have guessed that Miss Larsson actually had a thing for her? She looked down at her lap, trying to avoid further eye contact while the old dyke held both of the girl's hands in hers. The gruff pitch of the gym teacher's voice sent another prickling wave of electric shocks through her body.

"You seem awfully shy, sweetheart." Miss Larsson said. "And I know that's not usually the case with you at school. Is the storm still bothering you?" Suzette shook her head no. "Still chilly?" The girl issued no reply. She continued to stare at her lap.

How could she have been so dumb, so dense? Suzette silently cursed herself as Miss Larsson caressed her. Miss Treadway was her gym teacher, but there had been plenty of times when she'd come in contact with Miss Larsson. And while Miss Treadway was often cold and always indifferent towards her, Miss Larsson was cheerful and kind and...very friendly. The blond teacher often tried engaging the beautiful 18 year old senior in conversation. Often those same conversations would end with a pat on the shoulder or a lingering squeeze of the hand. In the past, Suzette wrote it off as Miss Larsson simply being nice, but now...

"I was a shy girl when I was your age." Miss Larsson whispered softly in the girl's ear. Her hot breath exacerbated those painful sensations of arousal Suzette had been struggling mightily to control. "But you know that love is a creation of God. It is one of his many blessings...I want to share this with you."

There were another few rumbles of thunder and the rain still made a terrible racket against the lone cottage window. Occasionally Suzette would get a glimpse of the lightning bursts reflecting against the glass lamp on the table, and she would flinch and try to hide her eyes from the sight. Miss Larsson shifted closer to the blond beauty and held her. Suzette was reduced to quiet sniffles now. She hated to admit it, but she actually relished the body contact; it served to relieve her shivers. Miss Larsson's body felt small and slender and at the same time very powerful!

"I know that I shouldn't say such things, but I'm glad that I found you instead of Karen or CJ." Miss Larsson referred to her colleagues. "Looks like we might have to spend the night and head back to camp in the morning." Suzette said nothing. She continued to stare at her lap while a solitary tear raced down her cheek and dangled precariously from her chin. "There's another blanket left in the chest over there." Miss Larsson continued. "If you'd rather, I can make myself comfortable on the floor in front of the fireplace."

"No, it's okay, Miss Larsson. I don't mind sharing the bed." Suzette couldn't believe she was saying this. Until a very short while ago, she had absolutely no idea the blond gym teacher had any feelings for her. "We can keep each other warm better that way."

Suzette snuggled against the old dyke and rested her head against her small shoulder. Miss Larsson began stroking the girl's hair and breathed a ragged sigh of relief.

"I—ah—thought for a minute or two that I might've been reading you wrong. I'm usually pretty good at guessing, but I've been wrong before. Are you sure?"

Suzette was still shaking and trying to avoid seeing any more flashes of lightning. "Yeah, I'm sure." She softly replied. "I thought I was gonna be lost in the woods forever until you came along. I know it sounds corny, but you're my hero, Miss Larsson."

"At the moment, we're not at school, so call me Birgitta." Miss Larsson said.

Now the old dyke embraced Suzette and the couple came together in another long lingering kiss. They continued like this for several seconds, and then the girl's eyes flew open in shock when Miss Larsson began softly kissing her neck. The poor girl's mouth fell open and she gasped because she realized that the space between her legs was very wet and throbbing painfully.

Miss Larsson's hands began to wander as they continued kissing. Another loud gasp escaped the blond beauty's lips. She sucked in a deep breath now, holding it in anticipation when the old dyke's hands moved upward, gently pulling the edge of the blanket out of her hands.
