 Author's note: This one gets a little weird. I implore you to read until the end. Everything will make sense at the end. You'll see.

Edited by: Todger65

Chapter 1

Mi'elle arched her back, her blue eyes rolling into the back of her head. Her naked, sweaty body was shaking, coming down off another orgasm. The campfire outside the entrance of her tent was still going strong, illuminating her muscular body with a faint orange glow.

Her long black hair dripped sweat onto her toned ass. The man Mi'elle was straddling, cupped her breasts, sat up and kissed along her neck.

She needed this. She needed to feel a man inside her. It had been far too long. Mi'elle was nearly done with her long journey home to her beloved. Oh how she missed him! He would understand her desires, her need for sex during their occasional bouts many days apart. Their love was like no other, one-of-a-kind, unconditional. Mi'elle wondered if he'd taken a temporary lover in her absence. If so, she would meet her and thank her for taking care of her beloved.

The man smiled, bringing Mi'elle's mouth to his own, their tongues invading each other's mouths again.

He broke the kiss, leaning back, his hands gliding over Mi'elle's washboard stomach. "Good?"

"Very. I must admit, Ul'sses, I'm getting tired. I have a long journey before me," Mi'elle said, looking into the man's dark eyes.

His thumb rubbed her lips. There was something odd about this man. Skin as dark as his eyes, braided black hair, a perfectly sculpted, muscular body, he didn't just fuck her; he made love to her.

The odd part is that they recently just met -- shortly after Mi'elle set up camp for the night. Her horse, Perfection, usually neighed when strangers approached. The stallion was quiet, somewhere in the woods behind the camp, presumably grazing.

A shirtless Ul'sses entered her camp, hands raised, apologizing to Mi'elle, asking her to put her two-handed sword down. There was a calming aura about him. She could see he meant no harm.

Ul'sses claimed he saw an unusual sight and that as a druid, he had to make sure the forest was protected. Mi'elle believed him, apologizing for drawing her weapon.

They sat, talked about her journey home, and shared a small dinner. When Ul'sses made to take his leave, Mi'elle invited him to stay.

A sweet and gentle smile came over his face while watching Mi'elle remove her bulky armor in her tent.

Several hours later, Mi'elle sweaty and exhausted, countless orgasms having washed over her, moved in front of Ul'sses. She turned around, presenting herself to him, nodded over her shoulder.

"Are you sure you want me to finish?" he asked, having lasted hours without cumming.

"Yes," Mi'elle chuckled. "I need some sleep before I start my journey through the valley."

Ul'sses frowned, looking down, "I understand."

Mi'elle rose up, looking over her shoulder at Ul'sses. She kissed him, slowly savoring one another. It felt so natural, like they knew each other for years.

Back on her hands and knees, Mi'elle moaned when Ul'sses entered her from behind. His large hands slid up her back, over her muscles, ending up in her hair. He slowly pulled her back against his body and thrust into her lovingly.

"Have I met him before? Does he know me?" Mi'elle thought; her eyes rolling into the back of her head as this mystery man, this new friend made love to her.

Ul'sses kissed at her neck and shoulders, his hands massaging her breasts, working closer to his orgasm -- finally.

"Ahh, Mi'elle!" He groaned, pushing her back to her hands, gripping her hips.

"Yes!" She cried out, feeling his thick cock pulsate inside her pussy.

"Ughhh," Ul'sses arched his back, looking to the ceiling of the tent, filling Mi'elle with his seed.

They collapsed on one another, Ul'sses still inside her, her pussy oozing his cum. He rolled to his side, Mi'elle rolling with him, her head resting on his chest. They kissed for several minutes before Ul'sses seemingly drifted off to sleep.

She watched him, perplexed, yet enthralled by this man. She left the tent.

Mi'elle walked by the crackling fire, letting the cool night breeze dry off her sweaty body. Her long, flowing black hair fanned outward in the wind. She stood on the edge of a cliff, overlooking the valley she was to traverse in the morning. She could barely make out the trees in the light of the full moon. She was so close to her beloved she could taste him, his mouth, his cock, and his seed. She missed him so very much.

Mi'elle closed her eyes, imagining seeing her beloved, kissing him, removing her armor for him, when she was distracted from her trance.

"If you're heading down there tomorrow, you need to be careful," Ul'sses said from behind. He was sitting on a rock, looking out into the darkness as well.

"I will, thank you," Mi'elle replied, smiling at her new friend.

"There are quite a few dangers that lurk in that valley. Cursed, insane druids, for one. They are unable to turn back into their human forms. They become confused, unable to climb out of the valley, too confused to fly out. They are trapped there," Ul'sses explained.

"I'll be cautious. My sword is sharp."

"Mi'elle, your horse may not be able to climb out." Ul'sses stepped closer to Mi'elle, the same sweet smile never leaving his face.

"I'll find a way," Mi'elle replied, stepping to him, her hand on his cheek. "That's the route I need to take to get home - through that valley. I'm sure there's a way out."

"Please be careful," Ul'sses stepped away, heading back to her tent. He grabbed his leather leggings.

"Mi'elle I have to leave," he said, putting the leggings on.

"Oh. I see," Mi'elle replied, disappointment in her tone. Perhaps he was just a man she met, never to see again. A man who just happened to be amazing at pleasing a woman.

"Will I see -- "

"Yes," Ul'sses cut her off. Without any further explanation, he left her, alone by the fire, disappearing into the dark woods behind her camp.

She looked to the night sky, shaking her head. Druids were always so mysterious.



Chapter 2 

The next morning, after dawn Mi'elle donned her heavy, plate armor and girded on her sword. Her horse of five years, Perfection, a dark-brown stallion with a black tail and mane, was milling about in the woods behind her camp. Mi'elle whistled and Perfection happily came to her side. She hugged her best non-human friend, kissing his nose, running her fingers through his mane.

"We have a long trip today. I'll be sure to stop and rest for you," Mi'elle hugged him again. Perfection nuzzled against her neck.

They made their descent into the valley via a nearby trail. The trail was fairly steep and rocky, but eventually they made it down safely.

She thought about the words of the druid Ul'sses the night before. Perched atop Perfection, she glanced at her bulky, black plate armor. It was heavy, covering everything but her head when she opted to not wear her helmet. The shoulders had large spikes protruding from them.

Mi'elle recalled a memory from several days ago of head butting a large man in his chest. She was traveling through a small village and saw the man attempting to rape a woman. Mi'elle glanced at her spikey shoulders, his dried blood still there. After head butting him, she charged into him, tackling him to the ground, her spikes stabbing him. The woman thanked her and ran home, while the man rolled around in agony.

Mi'elle looked at her legs next. Her feet, shins, and knees were protected with armor, but this hindered her movement even more.

She recalled a situation a couple weeks earlier. Mi'elle was standing near a blacksmith's forge, her gloves, chest piece were removed; she was only wearing her leggings and boots. A man accosted her while she was waiting for small repairs to be done. The man attempted to remove the white wrap around her breasts. She stomped on his foot, breaking a few toes in the process.

She couldn't help but chuckle. "I guess this bulky armor is good for something," she thought to herself.

A few hours later, after making her descent into the valley, following winding narrow trails, Mi'elle came to a river. There was a small waterfall, cascading into gentle rapids.

"This will be a good spot to rest." Mi'elle hopped off her dark brown horse. "I need a bath after last night."

Removing her armor, she entered the water, splashing it upward, rubbing the coolness onto her skin. Mi'elle made her way to the small waterfall, letting the cascade soak her hair and body. She smiled, closing her eyes, enjoying the sensation, thinking about last night—but also about her precious beloved.

Running her hands over her erect nipples, down her tight stomach and muscular frame, she found herself aroused. Then it happened. A single splash of water bouncing off the rocks from the waterfall landed against her engorged clitoris—a wonderful little accident. Mi'elle laughed at the sensation.

Turning to the small, tumbling waterfall, Mi'elle smiled, watching it bounce and flow off the rocks. "There's a first time for everything," she mused aloud.

Grabbing low hanging tree branches on either side of the falls, she bent at the knees, slightly squatting, and thrust out her pelvis, letting the water kiss and lick at her pussy.

"Yess," she moaned, the water lapping at her body. It felt so good and refreshing.

Moments later, knowing no one else was around, nor caring if there was, Mi'elle closed her eyes, letting the waterfall make love to her.

"Ahh!" she cried out as her orgasm overtook her. She shook and convulsed just as she had with the druid, becoming one with nature.

When it passed, she let go of the branches and went to her knees, gathering and pouring water over her head. She opened her mouth, drinking deeply from her watery lover.

Making her way back to Perfection, she giggled, noticing the horse's very large erection. "Aww, I'm sorry Perfection. Did I excite you?" Mi'elle hugged and kissed the horse's head. "If I were a druid, I'd turn into a mare and help you out."

She re-donned her armor and sword, mounted her horse, and continued on her journey, following the river.

From the shadows behind a large tree, something watched Mi'elle. It was hungry and needed a meal.



Chapter 3

Mi'elle doused the campfire that evening, getting ready to sleep under the stars. "This valley doesn't seem dangerous," she told Perfection. The horse went to his knees, lying on his stomach.

"Besides, you'll protect me, won't you?" She joked, sliding next to him, his huge body used as a pillow.

Mi'elle hated sleeping in her armor. The previous night she was naked, having sex, but in the valley she felt it'd be a better idea not to chance anything.

Lying against her horse, Mi'elle peered into the dark woods, the occasional beam of moonlight shining through the over growth. She sighed, closing her eyes, right as another set were opening.

In the distance, he had a perfect view of her campsite, with his glowing red eyes. He watched and waited, knowing what lie before Mi'elle on her journey through valley. He was lazy and didn't want to work too hard for his meal. He grinned, his huge sharp teeth showing.

A few hours later, the predator silently entered Mi'elle's camp. He had been following her, watching her all day. He was quiet for such a large creature. Mi'elle's horse never heard the feline approach.

"Mmm, delicious," the huge cat, a man, a druid, trapped in an animal form, like the ones Ul'sses warned Mi'elle about, whispered to himself. He approached Mi'elle, sniffing at her crotch, her tummy, her neck, careful to not wake her.

"When the time is right," the feline whispered. He licked at her face, eliciting a sleepy moan from Mi'elle. The druid backed away, smiling, baring his large teeth, and slunk back into the dark woods.

**

The next day Mi'elle continued following the small trail along the river. She and Perfection stopped to drink and rest. She ate a few bites of her rations, checked the sharpness of her sword, and continued onward. She noticed the trees becoming thicker, larger, blocking more of the sun, making it difficult for her to guess the time.

She continued on later into the evening, unable to see the sun set, she kept going. Feeling tired, Mi'elle looked for a good spot to camp. Finding a small clearing, she decided to set up her tent instead.

Right as she hopped off Perfection, removing her helm, she heard a loud shriek coming from behind her, startling her. It sounded as though a woman was in agony. Withdrawing her sword, Mi'elle scanned the area. She heard another scream.

"Who's there? Do you need help?" Mi'elle called out into the shaded woods for the woman. There was no reply.

Mi'elle waited, the eerie feeling not going away. Several moments passed, her sword drawn, she scanned the tree line. She saw two red, glowing eyes blink at her from behind a tree. Her own eyes widened with alarm.

Before she could react, a large, screaming mass barreled through the brush right at her.

"Get away!" it yelled at her in a woman's voice. But it was no woman—it was a huge, angry mass of fur. The large bear stopped a few yards from Mi'elle, growling at her, its mouth dripping saliva.

"Are you a — "

"Get out of here!" the bear yelled once more. "Get away from my cubs!"

"What cubs? I see no cubs," Mi'elle replied.

"You lie!" The insane druid lunged at her only to be met by Mi'elle's sword, which impaled the bear at the shoulder.

Perfection turned around, rising up on his hind legs, kicking at the bear.

Seemingly feeling no pain, the bear, using her uninjured arm back-handed Mi'elle, the force sending flying against a nearby tree.

The bear rose on her back legs, pawing at Perfection. He was also on his back legs, frantically kicking at the bear with his front hooves.

Mi'elle shook the cobwebs from the bear's blow and ran toward her, slamming into her back with her spiked shoulder. The bear turned around, attempting to back hand her again; Mi'elle ducked, going to her knees and piercing the bear's belly with her shoulders.

The bear let out another scream, going to all fours. Mi'elle reached for her sword, but the bear bit her left forearm.

Mi'elle groaned, feeling the bear's mouth clamp down on her armor, denting it. The bear shook her head and flung Mi'elle away, taking her armored gauntlet in her mouth.

Landing against a boulder, she held her uncovered forearm, hoping her gauntlet wasn't ruined. She watched the insane druid clamping down on her glove, crushing it, making it useless while Perfection continued punching the bear.

Mi'elle yelled in anger, charging at the bear again. She ran as fast as her heavy armor could allow, and crashed into the bear sending more shoulder spikes into her side.

The bear swatted at Mi'elle, missing her again. Mi'elle was able to roll as she ducked, grabbing her sword, still impaled in the bear's shoulder. Raising her weapon above her head, the bear charged her this time, biting at her waist, tossing her in the air.

When she landed, Mi'elle watched the bear charge. At the last second a pair of hind hooves smashed against the bear's side, breaking ribs and pushing it away from Mi'elle.

Mi'elle took her chance, charging again, this time with her sword. She stabbed the disoriented bear in her side, sending her huge blade directly through the bear's ribs, lungs, and into its heart.

Catching her breath, she examined her armor near her waist. There were dents from the bear's teeth, the bottom harness was damage, but the chest piece remained intact for the most part

"You saved my life," she whispered to her steed, having never seen him fight like that before. Mi'elle stood, running her hands up and down his long face. "Thank you."

The mysterious feline, watched from the distance, in the shadows, licking his lips, biding his time.



Chapter 4

The following night was especially humid. After a sleepless night, the screams of the bear echoing in her ears, Mi'elle took out her damaged gauntlet from Perfection's bag. She salvaged it from the previous night. She shook her head in annoyance.

The day was long and dark, barely able to tell it was daytime. Mi'elle sat on a rock, poking a fire. She stood and removed her remaining gauntlet, shoulder armor and chest piece.

"There, that's better," she said. "We'll rest a bit and continue on. I want to get out of this valley."

The feline stalker visited once again. As Mi'elle slept against Perfection, her sword in hand, he licked at her exposed stomach, then left as quietly as he arrived.

She woke up this time, her fingers touching the saliva on her stomach, not sure what to make of it. Mi'elle shook her head. Glancing around the forest, seeing nothing in the blackness, she stood, putting her damaged chest piece and shoulder armor back on. She woke up Perfection, and they left, not caring about getting a decent amount of sleep.

A few hours later, Perfection was carrying a sleeping Mi'elle on his back through gloomy, dark woods. She stirred to life when she thought she heard a howl of some sort.

Giving up from fighting sleep, she leaned forward, her head resting on the back of Perfection's neck.

Moments or hours passed, Mi'elle didn't know. She was woken by growls, snarls, and Perfection galloping as fast as he could.

To her left and right were wolves, their eyes glowing red, chasing them, nipping at Perfection and Mi'elle dangling boots.

She drew her sword, and using her unarmored hand, Mi'elle found she could swing it with ease. Her powerful strong arms slicing at a drooling mad druid in the form of a wolf.

"Don't stop, keep going," she said to Perfection, as if the horse would ever stop. Mi'elle swung again slicing the throat of another wolf.

The wolves were catching up, Perfection was tiring. Mi'elle couldn't hold them off forever. They were smartly avoiding Mi'elle left swinging arm, targeting her right boot instead. She switched hands, but swinging the large sword quickly with her armored right hand wasn't easy or effective.

Then it happened, a wolf got lucky. It bit her right boot, dragging her off Perfection. Mi'elle tumbled and rolled with the wolf, watching her horse gallop on without her on him.

They converged on Mi'elle, biting at her, attacking her. She did her best to huddle into a ball, covering her head with her armored right hand, cursing herself at leaving her helm in Perfection's satchel.

She waited, occasionally stabbing at fur, whenever she got the opportunity; though they were relentless.

They gnawed and tore at her damaged chest armor, pulling the harness back, tearing it off. Her skin was becoming exposed; she had no idea how long it would be before the cracked her armor completely -- like exposing the meat of an oyster.

She heard familiar galloping, hooves on ground, Perfection returning. One of the wolves howled with pain, then another, then one more. Perfection was kicking them off her.

Mi'elle stood, blood trailing down the side of her face and began swinging madly and stabbing every wolf she saw.

With Perfection's assistance, they fought them off, a couple of injured ones limping away into the darkness.

"That's twice," Mi'elle said, going to her knees, out of breath. "You've saved me twice."

She inspected her side, the armor was cracked, ruined, her chestpiece wouldn't hold up much longer.

Mi'elle held her side, resting her head on Perfection's back before mounting him once more. "We have to get out of this valley."



Chapter 5

Jet black, bigger than a tiger, the cursed druid watched Mi'elle's battle with the wolves. 

"So hungry," he whispered. "Keep going, you're getting weaker, almost too weak -- just how I like it."
