 After an interminable drive we arrived at Athene, the capital city of the Southern Matriarchy. It was nothing like our northern cities. Athene was green with pools of water everywhere. In the center of town was the temple. It was made out of white marble and towered over the landscape. I had to admit that it Athene was built every bit as well as our northern cities and probably more beautiful. The Lieutenant drove me around town pointing out the sites. We passed the capitol building. Next to the temple was the huge statue of Athena.

I recalled with pride that once upon a time the Northern Republic had obliterated the original statue of Athena. But that was in the days before the closing of the air war, before the bilateral agreement regarding slaves and the use of aerial platforms. Now Athene would never again be bombed. The war had gone from a hot one to an endless game of attrition. The border would shift kilometres in either direction on any given day but the powers that be in the Matriarchy and the Republic decreed that the devastating weapons of the past would never be used again. There was a fail safe. Both the Matriarchy and The Ru public had sufficient nuclear power to destroy the other . Neither would so long as the war was fought as it was now. With simple weapons, collars and controllers. Now I was just another male slave in the matriarchy, a drone in the queen bee's hive. 

The Lieutenant pulled up in front of the slave registry building. It was just a formality at this point. I was ordered to strip and my health was assessed by a female doctor whom they annoyingly called a veterinarian but legally I was now livestock. I was measured everywhere and photographed. My Lieutenant vouched for me and signed the formal contract conferring "ownership" of me to the Matriarchy in care of her. She was read the ownership responsibilities and had to agree to them. In the Matriarchal system I was now just a number. Any name my Lieutenant gave me would be for her convenience only. 

I was permitted to redress and My Lieutenant took me to her quarters. It was a small apartment over looking a lake in the southern part of the city.

"Now slave. I will show you where you will sleep". She pointed to a mat at the foot of her bed. "The next valet class starts in three days. It is a six week course. I could board you at the school but since I am on leave I will save some money by dropping you off in the morning and picking you up at night. The instructors are not nice women but they will bring out all of the qualities that you will need to be an excellent valet. That is IF you can be trained. If you can't be trained I will make a fast buck by selling you to a labor gang. If you ever want to have sex again you will study hard to be my valet As I said, officers fuck their valets. Labor gang drones are sentenced to a sterile flaccid existence for life."

My Lieutenant stripped off her uniform and under things. "Pick those up slave and put them in that hamper by the wall!" 

I stood uncomprehending for a moment, astounded by her beauty, and then I found myself obeying

"Good, she said, Now we need to shower. You built up a stink in the transport." 

I was not permitted to wash myself. After showering with me and washing me all over my Lieutenant sprayed me with a flowery perfume.

"That's better I like floral smells myself." She said "As to the toilet. You will notice that the seat does not go up on the commode. If you have to piss you SIT to do your business this is non-negotiable and failure to do so results in instant punishment. There is a setting on your controller that imitates the feeling of having a hot poker shoved up your ass perfectly. I catch you pissing standing up I START with an hour of that setting."

I was instructed to relieve myself. I felt like being defiant and smiling at her as I stood and pissed but I had no doubt that her threat was serious so I sat and pissed. Dimly I recalled an idiomatic phrase I had learned while studying the dead German language. Roughly it translated to wimp and its literal meaning was a man who sit down to piss. What is happening to me? I though. 

"We will go shopping for clothes tomorrow. I hope you are not an odd size. IF you pass valet school your uniforms will be provided through me by a government allowance. Everything else I have to provide. I could keep you naked but the authorities take a dim view of that. Some of the stricter matriarchs teach that there is nothing more repellent than a set of naked male genitals. SOME of them have a lot of power. The only place men are kept naked at all times is the punishment pillar, believe me you DON'T want to end up there!"

"When you wake in the morning you greet me with 'Good morning Goddess'. I am your Goddess in that you existence is dependent upon me. I am your Goddess in that I am your superior in every way I expect to be worshipped as the superior creature that I am. In the matriarchy you will attend temple with me. You will learn your place as an inferior creature. You will address all adult female citizens of the Matriarchy as Goddess, Girls are called Princess, males are simply slave. I am leaning towards calling you Petunia because it can be shortened to pet. Legally you are livestock, my pet and nothing more. Do A good job and I will build up an affection for you. Is that clear slave?"

I found my voice. I knew it was not just the controller, some how deep inside something about this life appealed to me. I found myself answering."Yes Goddess." 

"Can you cook?"

"In my unit I would sometimes fill in for the cook, no one complained about my cooking, Goddess."

The kitchen was small but it was fully stocked. Goddess was a vegetarian and now I apparently was one as well. The meat synthesizer units were not installed in the food synthesizer. I made do with a tofu steak for myself and the salad and tofu plate my Goddess had ordered. I realized that she had gone from Lieutenant to Goddess, What was happening to me? About twenty minuets later I placed the food on her dinette table.

"Excellent Pet!" Said my Goddess as she started eating. "I see you will pass the cooking training with no problem. You may sit and eat. Some Goddesses make their slaves eat sitting on the floor but I am not that strict."

After eating a while she said,"I will pick out traditional clothes for you tomorrow. I like trousers on a man. I think purple is your color, purple and pink. I will also be buying you some dresses that match my own, ONLY dresses and skirts are permitted in temple, slaves included. Temple is all about getting in touch with the inner feminine divine. It is quite different from what you are used to. The days of focusing on penetration, endurance, and compartmentalizing your emotions are over. Most slaves just tune out temple but, if you approach it properly, it can really help you in your new role of submission and service." 

After eating I was ordered to load the dishes in the washer and return to the living room.

Goddess watched a drama on a the telescreen while I served as her footstool. With nothing better to do I watched the drama. It was weird, there was none of the sexual tension and violence that we watched in the North. It was about a female business woman overcoming absurd obstacles to win a big contract for her firm. It was a historical drama set in the ancient past. The male roles were clearly being played by women with voice modifiers. ALL of the men were evil or uncaring and ALL were defeated or chastened in the end.

"My that was a good one." said my Goddess "Now its time to put you to bed."

I followed her to the bathroom. She had me strip, shit and clean up after myself, then she brushed my teeth and washed my face and hands. I was doused with another round of perfume and led to my mat on the floor.

"Once you graduate you will have a bit of autonomy. But for now you have no rights. Good night slave, Here is your treat for the day."

She leaned in and gave me a tremendous kiss. She did not pull away for a while. It was the first intimate contact we had had and it went through me like an electric charge. Was it the controller? Or something else? Once it was over the words "Thank you Goddess." came to my lips unbidden.

"Oh you're a fast learner, It looks like I found a smart one as well as a cute one. Good night."

The light went out. I realized it had been a long hard day. I was asleep moments later, in a foreign country, servant of a Goddess, and clad only in my collar.