 Sellsword 1 – Jarveena

This story was previously posted on a sight that is no longer fully functional.

He rode slowly toward the walled keep.

Where his skin showed, it was sun bronzed and cris-crossed by the white of many scars. His eyes, below the gray brows, were hard and dark, like the eyes of a predatory beast. The blazing sun glinted off the mail shirt he wore, and from the polished metal of the sword strapped across his back.

His name is Garth, he is a sellsword, a mercenary. His weapon skills for sale to any with the price, and his price was not small.

He had been commissioned by the Duke of this fief to search out, and slay a band of outlaws. Peasants who thought themselves the equal of their Duke.

Garth reached the gate and was challenged by the Dukes men-at-arms. They had been warned of his arrival, and raised the portcullis that he might enter.

When he was shown into the great hall, he was greeted by the Duke, his wife and his daughter. The Duchess was a beauty to behold. Some years the junior of her husband, her figure was only just approaching matronly. The daughter caused Garth’s breath to catch in his throat.

Her hair was like a raven’s wing, her skin like polished alabaster, and her body was such that any man would risk everything to posses it, even for a single night. But Garth was here on business, perhaps when that was finished, he’d sample the favors of the Duke’s ladies.

"Come, Garth, take wine with us while we discuss what needs be done." The Duke said, gesturing toward the long table, as his stewards served wine in silver goblets and comely serving wenches placed meat, bread and cheese before them.

As the Duke droned on about the outlaws on his southern borders, Garth’s eyes were drawn to the Duchess, her name was Dylees, her beauty was of the classic sort, that which was given to the statues of goddesses. But her eyes the deep blue/green of the sea, shown with a wanton glint.

Garth caught her gaze and she allowed the tip of her tongue to caress her full lips.

She looked away as the Duke unrolled another map on the table.

Garth gave the map a cursory look before shifting his eyes to the daughter.

She had been introduced as the Maid Tiffane.

Her black hair was piled atop her head, and bound with silver chains, her long, graceful neck was encircled by a velvet ribbon that bore a sapphire pendant. Garth allowed his eyes to roam shamelessly over her face and form.

She was perfection. Eyes that glowed with the luminescence of the sea, breasts that rose like ripe melon halves, topped by small, hard cherries.

For her part, Tiffane returned his appraising look, with an appreciative one of her own. She saw before her a man that was accustomed to having his own way, with his world and with his women. The thought of being taken by this man, this man of danger, excited her, unseen by the others, she slipped her hand into her lap and caressed the warm moist triangle between her trembling thighs.

"So, how many men will you require?" The Duke asked, his voice deep and resonant.

"I’ll work alone. I prefer that to a group, too noisy and difficult to control." Garth responded, his eyes looking at the map. "I will require a pack animal and supplies though, and I plan to begin on the ‘morrow, at night fall."

Their business concluded for the night, the Duke bade his steward show Garth to the guest quarters.

Within moments of Garth’s closing his door, there was a soft tapping upon it. From the looks he received from both women, Garth almost expected one, or the other, to approach him. He was surprised when the open doorway revealed both mother and daughter. Both wore their night clothes, silk shifts and robes, and both bore the aroma of roses.

Without words they slipped into Garth’s bedchamber and closed the door.

"Am I to be honored with the favors of both of you?" Garth asked as the Duchess began unfastening the leather bindings of his mail shirt, the Maid Tiffane busying herself with Garth’s boots.

"A warrior such as yourself should be able to pleasure two amorous women, should you not?" The Duchess replied, letting Garth’s mail shirt fall open.

Garth bent forward to let the chain mail slip over his head to fall into a dark metal pool on the floor.

"I ask you to teach my daughter how to please a man, but I beg you to spare her her maidenhead, I would that she will marry well."

"And only a maiden would be suitable for a noble union eh?" Garth said, straightening up, "I will keep that in mind, but I presume that your maidenhood is not in question."

Dylees flushed at the open manner in which the sellsword addressed her.

"I would see my pupil." Garth stated, reaching for the belt of Tiffane’s robe.

The garment fell away revealing the almost transparent shift she wore. 

Even thus concealed Garth could tell she had the body of a woman. He slid her shift from her shoulders and it slipped down her ivory body to fall softly to the floor. 

"She is indeed comely." Garth judged, touching her firm young breasts gently, seeing the dark nipples grow erect. "And she responds like a woman."

"I have trained her in the way a woman may be pleasured." Dylees said as she rid herself of her robe and shift, "and does this please you as well?" she asked, standing proudly before him, naked to his appraising gaze.

"I am pleased with both of you." Garth admitted, watching Dylees cup and caress her own breasts.

"Tiffane, prepare yourself my dear." Dylees instructed.

"Yes mother." The girl answered, moving to the bed.

"What do you know of men Tiffane?" Garth asked stripping off the remainder of his clothes.

Tiffane’s gaze locked onto Garth’s swelling penis, "N – nothing – Sir."

She stammered, her cheeks flushing a deep pink.

"Then that is where we will start. This thing that has caught your attention," Garth grasped his, now erect organ, "is called a penis, or if you prefer, a cock, or prick. These," he hefted is balls in his other hand, "are called testes, they are also known as stones and balls."

Tiffane nodded, "That is your – cock – and those your – stones, correct?"

"Very good. Now you’ll learn what they feel like." He took Tiffane’s soft, small hand and placed it on his stones. "These are quite sensitive, so you must always be gentle and loving with them."

Tiffane stroked and caressed them with gentleness and care, noticing how Garth’s cock would twitch from time to time as she caressed his balls.

"You’ve noticed how my cock reacts to what you are doing." He grinned, "here, place your other hand around it."

Tiffane did as she was instructed. She felt the strong pulse and the large veins that ran over the long shaft. "What is this part called?" She touched the dark head hesitantly.

"It’s called the head, or helmet."

Dylees looked on from a chair in the corner. The sight of this stranger being caressed by her daughter was one of pure erotic delight. The Duchess began to caress her self, cupping and squeezing her breasts, and rubbing her fingers up and down her wet pussy.

One the bed, Garth encouraged Tiffane to taste the flesh of his, now rigid, cock.

Timidly, the girl lowered her head until her lips barely touched the helmet.

"Lick the tip Tiffane." Garth said softly.

The girl’s tongue moved over the taught skin of Garth’s cock-head, sending shivers of pleasure through his body.

The Duchess, her fingers moving quickly in and out of her pussy, couldn’t help but watch as her daughter opened her soft lips and took Garth’s cock into her mouth.

"That’s the way my dear, suck it into your mouth, move your tongue over the shaft as you do." He instructed as Tiffane lowered her head onto his cock, taking him deeper and deeper into her eager mouth. Instinctively, she began to move her head up and down, her lips and tongue stroking Garth’s erect cock. "Excellent," he managed to gasp as he resisted the urge to thrust his cock deep into her mouth. "Now try to swallow it."

The girl looked up at him with questioning eyes.

Garth simply caressed her face and smiled, "It’s all right, just try it."

As the girl’s throat spasmed, then accepted his cock-head, Garth gasped in pleasure. His hands went to Tiffane’s hair, holding her head steady while he thrust is cock in and out of her mouth. Garth avoided driving the helmet of his cock into her throat, rather encouraging her to swallow it from time to time.

"Caress my stones – feel how full they are," he had reached the edge and was holding back only with the strongest of will.

Dylees left her chair and joined them on the bed, her face close to Tiffane’s. "When you spend, let me taste of it as well." She pleaded, her tongue forcing Tiffane’s hand from Garth’s quickly filling balls.

At this Garth could hold back no longer. His balls spasmed as hot cum surged up his iron shaft and erupted from his cock-head.

At first, Tiffane drew back, the first spurt of Garth’s semen surprising her. The ropy strings of pearly fluid landing on her face.

"Don’t let it be wasted girl." Her mother scolded, her own mouth replacing her daughters on Garth’s spurting cock.

Garth held both women by the hair – he lifted Dylees from his cock and forced Tiffane’s mouth back to it’s original task. "She needs to learn, not you," he told the Duchess.

Tiffane continued sucking Garth’s cock as Dylees caressed and licked his stones, until Garth’s orgasm had ebbed and he withdrew his semi-erect cock from Tiffane’s soft mouth.

"You pleasured me well Tiffane. You show instincts for pleasing a man." Garth caressed her face and breasts, "Would you like to learn more?"

Dylees intervened at this, "Perhaps you and I could demonstrate Garth – remember her maidenhead is to remain intact."

"As it shall Duchess – as it shall." The mercenary smiled, reaching for Dylees’ hair.

"I don’t understand." She protested.

"You are going to show Tiffane how to help a man recover so that the pleasure may continue." He pulled Dylees to him, his cock-head pressing to her lips.

Willingly, the Duchess opened her mouth and Garth thrust his cock deep inside. As he pumped his cock in and out of Dylees’ hungry and willing mouth, his hand strayed to Tiffane’s thighs, feeling their silky flesh, he probed between them, secretly stroking her young pussy lips, feeling them grow wet, swelling around his intruding finger.

Tiffane’s lips caressed his ear, "Mother has taught me that already, but when you do it – it is so much better." Her voice was soft and low as she confessed this to him.

"Has she taught you this as well?" He asked, moving Tiffane so she straddled his face.

The girl had no time to answer as Garth drew her wet pussy to his waiting mouth, she could only gasp with pleasure as his tongue flicked over her swelling clitoris.

In moments, Tiffane’s body was quivering with excitement, waves of ecstatic pleasure flowing through every nerve and muscle in her young body. "YES!! Oh YES!!" she cried as her orgasm rapidly welled up inside her.

Dylees, for her part, moved her head up and down, drawing Garth’s thick cock into her tight throat, then letting it lip slowly through her sucking lips, only to let it be pumped, once more, into her spasming throat. Garth grabbed the Duchess by the hair and lifted her from his cock. At the same time he moved Tiffane from her perch on his mouth – she was reluctant to move – and bade her get on her hands and knees.

"Her maidenhead Garth!" Dylees cried in alarm as the powerful man knelt behind Tiffane’s upturned young ass.

"It’s safe Duchess, ‘tis not that I hunger for." His large callused hands spread the cheeks of Tiffane’s ass. Garth began stroking the tight puckered rosebud of her ass with his thumb.

Tiffane began to respond to Garth’s probing – her ass pressing back.

"Lick my cock Dylees, it needs be wet and slick." He instructed, his fingers now massaging Tiffane’s ass, probing into the tight ring of her sphincter, causing it to relax some, and permit his finger entry.

The Duchess willingly complied with Garth’s demand, and eagerly sucked and licked Garth’s cock until it glistened with her saliva. She then took it in her hand and placed the swollen head against her daughters waiting – virgin – ass.

Slowly Garth pressed his mighty penis against Tiffane’s tight hole, and slowly it relaxed enough to admit some small penetration.

"IT HURTS!!" Tiffane cried, even as she was grinding her ass back against Garth’s invading cock." "Should I stop?" he asked, never pausing in his relentless plowing of this virgin soil.

"No – please – don’t stop." She begged as Garth’s cock slipped a little further into her ass.

Dylees lay on her back beneath their union, alternately licking Garth’s stones and her daughters dripping pussy – her own fingers buried in her noble cunt all the while.

Garth’s cock was now completely buried in Tiffane’s tender ass. He began long slow thrusts, sliding in and out, feeling the hot, tight clutch of the girls sphincter as it slid over his heavy cock.

Guttural groans of pain mingled with moans of pleasure as the girl eagerly participated in her own buggering, pushing her hips back to accept Garth’s invading prick. As the power of Garth’s thrusts increased, his stones slammed against the girls swollen clitoris, adding to the intensity of the pleasure she was receiving from this amazing coupling.

Dylees was also busy – her tongue flicking over Garth’s shaft, his ball-sack and Tiffane’s succulent pussy and hard clitoris. Her fingers moving rapidly in and out of her own steaming cunt pushing her closer and closer to a shattering orgasm.

Garth felt his balls tighten as they filled, ready to explode into Tiffane’s waiting bowels. His hands gripped her ass-cheeks tightly as he pounded his cock into her ass harder and harder. His cock began to pulsate as it erupted – hot cum flowing into Tiffane’s eager ass, filling her, running from her tight ass to flow down her thighs, now quivering as her own orgasm caused her entire body to quake.

Dylees was the last to cum, her fingers twisting and tormenting her clitoris as her own juices ran from her to drench the bedclothes beneath her.

His erection slowly deflating, Garth let his cock slip from Tiffane’s ass as she slumped forward, exhausted, on the bed. He knelt back on his heels and used Dylees’ night gown to wipe off his semi-hard cock. "If you can make this hard again, you may have it." He said, offering her this prize.

The Duchess fell upon his cock like a starving child might fall upon a morsel of bread. Her lips encompassed the dark head and her tongue moved over the swollen veins that ran over the shaft. Her hungry mouth sucked Garth deep inside, letting the head lodge in her throat. Before too very long, the object of desire began to twitch and grow in her mouth, swelling along the shaft, the head returning to the size of a plum as she sucked and licked Garth’s rejuvenating cock.

"Are you making note of what your mother is doing Tiffane?" Garth asked, his hands holding Dylees’ head so he could fuck her willing mouth.

The girl nodded that she was – unable to tear her eyes away – as she would need to know how to please her husband in this way as well. "May I lick your stones?" She asked timidly.

Garth nodded and soon he felt Tiffane’s tongue licking over his scrotum, adding to the hardness of his returning erection.

Garth removed Dylees’ mouth from his cock and pushed her onto her back on the bed. "Now watch as I have your mother Tiffane." Garth instructed, "then you may continue to lick and suck my stones."

"Put my cock against your vestibule Dylees." He commanded, and the Duchess guided his massive cock to her pussy lips.

"You will have to do this as well Tiffane," he reminded her, "your husband will like that. Try it." He moved his cock away from Dylees’ cunt – she groaned.

Tiffane’s touch was no longer the timid touch of a virgin, she took Garth’s cock in her soft hand and placed the head against her mothers cunt, but first she kissed the dark swollen head.

Garth smiled as he thrust into Tiffane’s mother, burying his cock completely in a single, savage stroke. Dylees cried out in pleasure as she felt herself being filled, his massive stones slapping against the cheeks of her ass.

As Garth pounded his cock into her mother’s hungry cunt, Tiffane busied herself with licking and sucking Garth’s swinging balls. She was also frantically rubbing and teasing her own clitoris, her fingers moving nimbly over the hard nib. It took her only moments to bring herself to one more orgasm, moaning and gasping with ecstasy, she lay back to watch this handsome warrior reduce her mother to a mass of heaving, quivering, pleasure saturated flesh.

Dylees gasped and moaned, her teeth biting into Garth’s shoulder, her heels drumming on his ass, her long fingernails raking bloody grooves in his broad back. "HARDER!" she cried, "HARDER!"

Smiling, Garth stepped up the tempo of his movements, thrusting his huge cock into her hungry cunt with a savage – animal ferocity until her felt her cunt tighten around his cock, her cunt lips swelling, the Duchess approached orgasm.

Her hips thrusting up to accept Garth’s mighty cock, her thighs trembling, Dylees was engulfed by the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. She felt every muscle, every nerve in her body was alive and tingling with ecstasy. Her cunt spasmed, clutching Garth’s prick in it’s wet, velvet grip, urging him toward his own climax.

Finally, he could hold back no longer, as Dylees trembled in the grip of her orgasm, Garth’s cock erupted once more, filling the Duchess with his semen until it ran out of her sopping cunt, and down the crack of her ass.

Tiffane hungrily lapped up the mingled juices of Garth and her mother, licking at it like a pet mongrel. After some moments, the three lay sated, sweat glistening on their bodies, breathing ragged as they sought to regain their composure.

"You learned much this night Tiffane. Your husband will be a lucky man." Garth commented, absently stroking the girl’s thigh. "And you Dylees, your Duke is indeed fortunate to have you as his wife."

If Dylees detected the irony in his voice, she failed to make note of it. 

"Come, Tiffane, we must return to our rooms so Garth might rest." Dylees rose and dressed, urging Tiffane to do so as well.

The women left as they had entered, silently.

Garth extinguished the candle and lay back, pulling the cover over himself to sleep.

In the dark, quiet hours before dawn, Garth was awakened by the sound of his bedroom door opening, then closing quietly. He feigned sleep, but he was ready to act, his weapon hand resting on the pommel of his dagger.

A familiar scent reached his nostrils. Perfume – Dylees’ or Tiffane’s?

A hand lifted the covers from his waist and a wet, warm mouth covered his resting cock.

TIFFANE!

Garth stroked her hair tenderly.

"Make me a complete woman Garth. My mother will never know, I beg you, make me a woman." She pleaded, her small hand replacing her mouth as she sought to arouse Garth’s cock.

Her efforts, of course, were successful. In moments Garth’s cock stood straight and hard, a tribute to his recuperative powers as well as to Tiffane’s skill at ‘pleasing a man.

"Are you certain of this Tiffane, for there will be no turning back, once it’s gone, it will never grow back..." Garth cautioned her.

"I’ve never been more certain of anything in my life. I want to be a woman Garth, I want to know the thrill of a man inside me, filling he with his cock, taking me to the top of the mountain and letting me soar."

Garth smiled at her eagerness. "Then so it shall be," he said, pulling her onto the bed beside him. He began sucking her youthful breasts, then let his mouth move down over her taught belly until he was grazing in her soft, moist pubic hair. His tongue flicked out and caressed her already, swollen clitoris, then licked the full length of her hot, wet slit.
