 In the morning, an alarm went off. I stretched, trying to relieve the tightness from sleeping on the floor. I noticed the my Lieutenant was stirring so I said, "Good morning Goddess." Even as I said it I had no idea why I was obeying her commands.

"Good Morning Petunia." said my Goddess. She rose from the bed. She slept in the nude, I was again amazed by her body, it was one of the finest female forms I had ever seen. She had me follow her to the bathroom where she made me sit to piss and then she washed my hands. I looked in the mirror astounded to see that my whiskers had not grown a millimetre. It was apparently true, I would be hairless and beardless as long as I was captive. Inwardly I shed a tear for my lost manhood. 

My Goddess spoke, "Get yourself to the kitchen and make us some breakfast. I like vegetarian eggs and tofu sausage. Make double of the same for yourself. You are a big male. I hope your appetite does not break my bank before you graduate. As my valet I get a food allowance for you and they will feed you at school but until then I'm digging into my savings"

I went to the kitchen and had the meal ready a short time later I brought out out My Goddess's plate and set it at the head of the table. Somehow I knew just the right words to speak.

"Breakfast is served Goddess"

Again the Lieutenant complimented me on my cooking. I was proud of myself, people don't realize how easy it is to get bland food out of a synthesizer, you have to mix it just right to maximize flavor. She allowed me to eat at the opposite end of the table. She finished first and then observed me eating.

"Your table manners need work, but I have no doubt you can be trained. I hope that you graduate, I can get used to this cooking, You are a better cook than I am."

After clearing the table and loading the dishwasher, Goddess had me redress in my brief garment. She put on civilian clothes, a short red skirt with a silky white blouse and attractive black heels. This was accented with a white purse, she looked smashing. I had to comment.

"You look beautiful Goddess!"

A bit of color passed across her face and she replied, "Not even trained and he knows the right things to say. Thank you Petunia!" 

She approached me, doused me with perfume and then attached a leash to my collar and led me out the door.

"The leash is so that I don't lose you in crowds or on the tube. Ordinarily you will not be leashed but you have no idea where you are. You don't want to get lost. The cops tend to be real brutal to unaccompanied slaves, they assume you are trying to escape, even though the controller makes that impossible, so they treat every slave they encounter as their own personal piñata."

Goddess led me down the side walk. I was astounded by the beauty of the women on the pathway. My Goddess was more beautiful than nearly all of them but never before had I seen so many gorgeous women. Not even in the most elite brothels back home. Even the captive women who filled the magazines and movie reels of the Northern Republic could not hold a candle to their free sisters.

After a short walk we descended to the subway. It was neat and clean. There were some male slaves sweeping off to one side under the supervision of a female trustee. Once the train came I noticed some male slaves accompanying their Goddesses. All were solicitous and deferential. The slaves stood while the woman sat. I noticed how the slaves were dressed. I did not like the fashions one bit.

Three stations later Goddess left the train and pulled me along we came out in a huge retail mall. There were stores of every sort. On a map of the complex I noticed that one wing was labelled "Slave Accessories" My Goddess steered me there.

We stopped in a store entitled "Modern Slave Gear" A female clerk in business attire approached my Goddess.

"Welcome to Modern Slave Gear, what can we do for you sister?" 

"This is Petunia. He needs a complete set of clothes I want seven pairs of pants, four purple, three pink with matching shirts. I suppose he needs some shoes and stockings as well. I will also need three standard black dresses for temple"

"Very good," the clerk said, "Any unde rthings?"

Goddess looked at me and said, "I may as well pamper him a bit, seven, white silk "

"Lets get his measurements," said the clerk as she took out a tape measure. 

The clerk led me to an alcove where she removed my garment and measured my in seam, waist, chest shoulders and even the length of my flaccid penis. While I stood naked in the alcove the clerk and my Goddess talked as if I was not even there.

"He's a handsome one and a big one, how did you come by him.?"

"I'm a Lieutenant in the army, I captured him." Said my goddess, obvious pride on her face.

"Well a war hero! You are eligible for a twenty percent off discount on your price. I'd have to see your ID of course."

"Of course."

The clerk presented several fabrics and weaves to my Goddess. She selected cotton and muslin. She selected shoes for me and socks. After hours of shopping I left the store in my new clothing. I was dressed in simple black shoes, pink socks, pink pants and a pink shirt. Only the white satin shorts under it met with my satisfaction. I felt like, and was sure that I looked like, a decorated egg from the spring solstice celebrations back home. My new name of Petunia was monogrammed over my heart on each of the shirts. I even had to try on the dresses. Talk about humiliating. I had heard about the ancient male warriors who had gone to battle in skirts but from what I had heard they were all men, These dresses were meant to humiliate, and the did the job perfectly. Finally I was clad in the all pink outfit. 

"You look scrumptious Petunia... My look at the time lets hit the food court"

Instead of the leash, My Goddess held my hand and led me through the crowd. Her hand felt fantastic in mine. 

"You look presentable now so you can walk next to me. This is only a special occasion however . Under normal circumstances you are to stay exactly three steps behind me. But you look so good I want to show you off." In my opposite hand was the bag full of my new wardrobe and my old garment.

At the food court she ordered for me. It was barbecued tofu and spicy rice. I had to eat in the booths reserved for slaves. Goddess was given a token to redeem me and she went off to eat elsewhere. There was a fully armed guard at the end of each booth. We slaves were not permitted to talk. Most of them were dressed similar to how I was. The food was outstanding and there was plenty of it. I ate my fill and felt sated for the first time since my captivity. 

After eating My Goddess led me about the mall for a bit. She did some shopping of her own. My arms were full of packages when we re-boarded the subway train. A short time later we were back in Goddess's apartment. She was still gushing over how attractive I was in my new duds. She brought out her camera and took a lot of pictures of me I had to try on each outfit Even the dresses.

When that was finished Goddess had me sit naked in a chair. To my amazement she stripped and sat herself in my lap. "You were a very good boy today Petunia, slaves have a reputation of not liking to shop. I know that today was hard for you. You get an extra special treat." She began kissing me deeply. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and began grinding her pelvis against me. Her orgasm was delightful. I realized at that moment that I was in love with my Goddess.