 Chapter 4 - The Necromancer

This story was previously posted on a site that is no longer fully functional.

The tall man with the scared face opened the door and, with his woman, entered the common room. "Where is Preston?" he called. 

Jarveena looked up from her work and was startled by the look of the man. His skin was dark, not black but dusky. A scar ran across his brow and two others ran down his cheeks. His eyes were coal black and shown like obsidian from beneath his hood.

"Preston is dead," Jarveena answered. "I'm one of the new owners." 

"And I'm the other, Gavin," Garth called from the doorway to the back room. He rushed into the common room and clasped the stranger's hand. "And Robyn, are you still with this ugly lout?" he embraced the strangers beautiful companion. "Jarveena," he draped his arms over the couples shoulders, "This is Gavin and his soul mate, Robyn. He is a Stygian, and one of the cleverest wizards I've ever met. Robyn, as you can see, is a Sylvan Elf, and sorceress of some power in her own right."

Jarveena came from behind the bar and greeted the couple warmly. "You did startle me when you first came in," she admitted. 

Gavin threw back his hood, "I sometimes have that effect on people." His hair was long, below his shoulders and black with two white streaks running from his temples. He was as tall as Garth but rail thin, and his hands were long, with thin, tapering fingers.

Jarveena's eyes were drawn to the large sword Gavin wore over his back, "it's unusual to see a mage with such a sword." Gavin chose not to respond, and Jarveena let it drop. 

"What brings you to our inn, my friend?" Garth asked, pouring goblets of wine for everyone.

Gavin and Robyn took the wine gratefully.

"My old - friends - are still in pursuit. Two months ago they almost caught up with us in Galoria." Gavin sipped his wine before going on. "Three priest/assassins were waiting for us when we disembarked in the harbor. They followed us to the inn and tried to kill us there." 

Robyn chuckled, "That's one inn that we can't go back to." 

Gavin looked at his woman and grinned, "Were it not for Robyn's spell, we would not have survived. I don't think they expected such power from a woman."

"Why were they after you?" Jarveena asked.

Gavin regarded her for a moment, "Has Garth not told you of this?"

Jarveena shook her head.

"I am a Stygian. At birth I was consecrated to Set, the Stygian god of death and the underworld. I was trained as a wizard and achieved the Ninth Cyrcle. I came to the realization that Set, and his priests and wizards, were dedicated to the purest of evil." Gavin paused and sipped more of his wine, "I could not continue along the path they had ordained for me. Five years ago, I burned the tattoos from my face and fled. They have been hounding my heels ever since."

"I remember when we met Robyn, poor Gavin never had a chance." Garth laughed.

Jarveena looked at Robyn; slender (like an Elf) and tall, dark hair, fair skin and blue/gray eyes. Her features were very fine, her nose straight and her lips red and full.

"I can understand that," Jarveena said quietly, "Robyn is a most beautiful lady."

"You two must be exhausted," Jarveena said, moving her eyes away from Robyn. "You can have the room next to ours. I'll take you up there while Garth is closing up."

"In the morning I'll make a visit to the Master Assassin and see if he's heard anything." Garth said.

In their bedroom, Jarveena asked Garth to tell her more about Gavin - and Robyn.

"Robyn is completely devoted to him, I don't think you'd make any headway with her." Garth was sitting naked on the bed, watching Jarveena undress. 

"Tell me about Gavin - those scars are horrible looking," she said, slipping her shirt off.

"Gavin escaped from Stygia about five years ago. He had tattoos on his brow and cheeks, snakes they were, since the sigil of Set is a snake. When he escaped he took a red-hot dagger blade and burned them off. The man has a tremendous pair of stones." Garth watched as Jarveena slid her skirt down her long legs, "But that sword of his is a story in itself." He lay back on the bed as Jarveena approached and sat beside him. 

"Tell me about it, my love," she purred, her fingers playing in his chest hair.

"How familiar are you with the lesser gods of Chaos?"

Jarveena laughed softly, "Not at all."

"The god of fear is called Azog. He is said to have a stare that would freeze the blood of the bravest warrior."

Jarveena began stroking Garth's thighs as he went on. "We were on an adventure together - he hadn't met Robyn yet - exploring an abandoned castle. All right, we were treasure hunting," Garth laughed as Jarveena tickled his navel.

Jarveena began dragging her erect nipples over Garth's hard belly, urging him to continue the story.

Garth gritted his teeth and went on, "We were deep in the castle's dungeon and found a sealed chamber. We guessed that there might be treasure in there. Gavin was able to remove the sealing wards and we went in." Garth paused a moment as Jarveena moved her fingers up and down his thigh. "Against the far wall there was a robed figure, tall, stately with a huge sword in front of him."

"Azog?"

"Azog," Garth nodded. "He ignored me, but called Gavin by name. He told Gavin to meet his gaze - and he did. I could feel the fear radiating from Azog, but Gavin met his stare and didn't flinch. Hells, he even drew his dagger and held it ready." Garth shook his head in amazement, "I still get the shivers remembering it. Then Azog spoke to Gavin again; 'You have great courage, my son.' Then he handed Gavin the sword he had been holding. 'This is The Slayer. Wield it with courage,' he told him. He also gave him a dagger, black bladed, like Soulcatcher, and a ring. He never told me anything about the dagger or the ring, but the sword is almost as powerful as Soulcatcher."

Jarveena was now nuzzling Garth's thigh with her cheek, he could feel her warm breath on his, rapidly hardening, cock. "Tell me about Robyn," she purred, her fingers playing in Garth's pubic hair. 

Garth squirmed as Jarveena teased and excited him. "She's one of the more beautiful females I've ever seen, and one of the nicest. OUCH!" Jarveena bit Garth just below the navel. 

"Did you want her for yourself?" 

"Jealous, my love?" Garth laughed. "I didn't have time. She and Gavin saw one another and that was it." He chuckled again, "Personally I don't know what she sees in him."

"Oh, I do." Jarveena was still playing in Garth's crotch. "Power, power and a raw sexuality."

"Wizard and sorceress - I suppose it's a logical combination. Now, as for you," Garth grabbed Jarveena by the hair and moved her head down to where his cock stood straight and hard. "You got me like this - now you're going to have to take care of it - with that mouth of yours." 

Jarveena eagerly took Garth's cock into her mouth, her lips wrapping around the shaft as her tongue flicked over the swollen head. She let her teeth scrape lightly over the bulging veins as she sucked his cock-head into her throat.

Garth held Jarveena's head in his hands as he thrust his cock into her willing mouth, feeling her soft lips and tongue moving over his raging cock as her fingers fondled and caressed his heavy balls. "Gods, woman, you know how to pleasure me!" Garth groaned, feeling the ecstasy building deep within his loins.

Jarveena wanted to bring Garth to a climax quickly. She was hungry to taste his seed, but she wanted to take the edge off as well. Jarveena wanted to prolong their lovemaking as long as possible. Between Jarveena's mouth and fingers, Garth quickly reached the point of no return. With a mighty growl his cock erupted, spilling his hot cum into Jarveena's greedy mouth.

She swallowed every drop - each time sending bolts of sexual lightning up Garth's spine - not wanting to waste a single morsel. She sucked still harder, milking all she could from Garth's pulsating cock, before releasing it.

Garth twitched slightly as he felt the softness of Jarveena's breath on his wet, semi-erect cock.

Jarveena's eyes locked with Garth's. "Watch me, my love," she taunted, licking Garth's cock from bottom to top, and back again. The sight of his woman making love to his cock had the effect Jarveena had wanted. Garth's cock began to stiffen, again.

When she was satisfied with the quality of Garth's erection, she released his cock from her mouth and positioned herself on her hands and knees. "Fuck me - fuck me like an animal."

Garth knelt behind her and put his cock to her wet hole. He held her by the hips and slammed his cock into her waiting cunt. He drove his cock into Jarveena with a single, savage thrust.

The air was forced from Jarveena's lungs by the power of Garth's cock as it pounded into her tight pussy. She ground her hips, taking Garth's cock as deep as it would go.

Garth reached one hand around her and began fingering Jarveena's clit. With his cock pumping into her as hard and fast as he could, his other hand reached up and grabbed her long hair. Like reining a horse, Garth pulled back, lifting Jarveena's head and pulling it to one side. 

"Fuck me - fuck me - my stallion. Make me your harlot!" Jarveena cried out in pleasure/pain and Garth thrust his cock into her even harder. Jarveena's insides were boiling as her orgasm welled up. Her pussy lips wet and swollen - clutched around Garth's pounding cock, her juices flowed over the thrusting shaft and bulbous head. Animal sounds, mixed with the wet sounds of two bodies, filled the room. The heady scent of passion hung in the air like perfume as Garth and Jarveena moved in exquisite unison, each urging the other to new heights of sexual pleasure. 

Garth could feel his balls tighten, as Jarveena's cunt tightened around him, holding his cock in a hot, wet, velvet grip as she ground her hips back, forcing Garth still deeper in her steaming pussy. 

Jarveena's moaning grew louder as she neared orgasm. 

Garth, grunting and growling like an animal, grew more and more furious in his pounding motion, slamming his raging cock into Jarveena harder and faster as his balls filled and ached for release. 

Jarveena cried out in ecstasy as her orgasm swept over her. Her cunt spasmed, clutching Garth's hammering cock as her juices washed over it. Garth's own climax exploded deep in his loins, as he groaned, hot semen erupted from his cock-head, filling Jarveena - mingling with her juices - overflowing and running down the silky flesh of her trembling thighs. 

"I hope they don't keep that going all night," Robyn said with a sexy smile. "They seem to be exciting me," she added, her hands caressing her belly as she sat on the edge of the bed.

"I don't see how Garth could keep going all night," Gavin laughed. "He's older than I am."

"You, my wise, mage, are not old." Robyn stood and slipped her robe off.

"What have you got in mind?" Gavin asked in a low voice.

Robyn grinned a wicked grin, "Why not keep them awake tonight?" Gavin quickly stripped out of his clothes and, as Robyn directed, sat in the easy chair beside the bed.

"I'm going to torment you," Robyn threatened. "You may have me when you beg for me."

Robyn began moving, dancing to music she heard in her mind. Her elf-body swayed and moved with completely fluid grace. Her muscles rippled beneath satin skin, her hair swung like silk with each movement of her head. Gavin watched, enthralled.

Robyn twirled and danced - the hemispheres of her breasts quivering with each movement. She turned - she bent at the waist, she caused her delicate ass cheeks to flex, one then the other. She turned again, then brought her hands up, caressing her belly as she reached up and fondled her firm breasts. Her thumbs teased her nipples, causing them to grow firm and erect, before she took them, in turn, into her mouth. Watching from the chair, Gavin felt himself getting more and more aroused. His cock growing harder as his eyes devoured Robyn's beautiful body, moving and writhing before him.

The Elf princess moved slowly now, turning her body around and around as she approached her man. When Gavin reached up for her, Robyn spun away, wagging her finger, "Not yet - you must beg for me, remember?" Just out of Gavin's reach, Robyn slowly crouched, her knees apart, her sweet pussy the center of Gavin's attention as she began moving her fingers in and out of her wet cunt. Robyn was sighing with pleasure as her fingers danced over her swollen clitoris, then slipped slowly into her eager pussy.

Gavin was fully erect now, his cock straining as he watched, hungrily, as his woman masturbated.

Robyn's eyes were blazing with passion now, she removed her fingers from her cunt and pressed them to her red lips, then into her mouth. She sucked and licked her fluid from her fingers, watching Gavin as he began to sweat. She straightened up and began dancing again, this time moving behind Gavin's chair. She stopped behind him and began caressing his shoulders with her hands. She leaned closer, her firm breasts pressing against Gavin's back, her hands sliding down to his chest, fingers playing with his nipples. "Are you ready to beg for me yet?" she whispered into his ear.

Gavin shook his head, not trusting his voice, he was not ready to beg - he was enjoying this game too much.

Robyn spun back to stand before him now, her fingers lightly caressing the scars on Gavin's face. She leaned toward him and kissed his face, her lips and tongue lingering on the hard scar tissue.

"Please - Robyn - I need you," Gavin finally yielded. 

Robyn pressed herself between his muscular thighs and dropped to her knees. Her eyes never leaving his, she took Gavin's rigid cock in her soft hands and began to slowly stroke it, bringing it to an even harder state of erection. When she was satisfied with Gavin's cock, she lowered her lips to the swollen head and kissed it.

Gavin never ceased to gasp when Robyn began sucking his cock, her lips and tongue were able to drive him mad with ecstasy - and she was doing just that.

Robyn's lips sealed around the head of Gavin's cock, her tongue sweeping across the tip before she lowered her head and took him fully into her mouth. She would not suck him to climax, she wanted to feel his cock deep in her cunt, but she would make certain that he was as hard as she could get him.

Gavin began thrusting his hips forward, sending his cock head into Robyn's tight throat.

When she felt him doing this, she opened her throat and swallowed him. Gavin tried to hold Robyn's head, wanting to cum into her sucking mouth, but she pulled his hands away and released his cock. "No, I want you deep inside me - I want you to fuck me Gavin, long and hard." Robyn breathed as she stood and turned to present her ass to his gaze.

Gavin knew what she wanted and took his stiff prick in his hand as Robyn settled back into his lap.

She felt the head of his cock open her lips, then enter her as she 

wriggled her hips, screwing Gavin's cock fully into her wet, steaming cunt.

As Robyn impaled herself on his cock, Gavin felt the tight grip of her amazing cunt as it clutched, first his cock head, then his throbbing shaft.

The heat of her pussy was incredible, Gavin groaned as he felt his cock being engulfed by it.

Robyn started moving, her legs lifting her up, then dropping her down again as she controlled the tempo and speed of their love making. Gavin lifted his hips each time Robyn lowered hers. Their bodies moved together in smooth rhythm.

Robyn sighed as Gavin's cock filled her, then began moaning as she felt her clitoris being caressed by Gavin's longer fingers. The nib of flesh was being pressed and manipulated while her cunt was being stretched and filled. Robyn was borne on a cloud of passion as Gavin thrust up into her. She felt Gavin's hands on her hips, felt herself being lifted and moved forward.

Gavin never took his cock from her as he lifted her, and himself, and moved to the floor, Robyn on her hands and knees. 

"Oh gods!" Robyn gasped as Gavin began driving his cock into her, harder and faster. She ground her ass back into him, feeling his coarse pubic hair tickle her ass as his heavy balls slapped against her clit. Gavin grabbed the firm cheeks of Robyn's ass and steadied her as his pounding cock became more savage. He grunted with each thrust, his muscles straining as he put more and more of his strength into the power of his cock.

Robyn threw her head from side to side, sweat beading on her soft skin as she ground her cunt back, bringing Gavin's raging cock even deeper into her tight, wet furnace.

Gavin slammed his cock into her once more, then suddenly pulled out.

"NO!" Robyn cried as she felt his wonderful cock leaving her hungry cunt. 

Gavin lifted Robyn and threw her on the bed. He, quickly, spread her silky thighs and plunged fell between them. His cock found her waiting cunt and he slammed into it with unerring accuracy, and merciless force. Robyn's legs wrapped around his waist as her nails raked his shoulders. Their bodies, once more, moved together as they drove each other higher and higher.

"YES!" Robyn cried, "FILL ME!" Her breasts quivered as Gavin assaulted her cunt with his raging cock.

They were both reaching the edge - Gavin's balls full and tight, Robyn's muscles flexed and taught. Their orgasms were building like a great, rapidly approaching tidal wave; huge, powerful, all engulfing. Gavin's balls cried out for release, his cock straining deep within Robyn's cunt.

Robyn's pussy lips, swollen and wet, clutched around Gavin's throbbing shaft.

They cried out as the tidal wave crashed upon them.

Gavin's cock pouring his seed into Robyn's hungry cunt.

Robyn's juices flowing like a river, mingling with Gavin's. Their mouths came together - their kiss was searing - their hands moved over each other as they came and came.

Bodies trembling, nerves a-tingle, muscles like water, their orgasms began to ebb.

Robyn's clutching cunt milked the last drops of semen from Gavin before he collapsed upon her.

Their breathing was ragged, their heartbeats rapid as a drum tattoo, their skin glistening with a thin film of sweat. They lay in each other's arms for long moments, exchanging tender touches, kisses and caresses as their breathing returned to normal.

With only a thin wall between them, the two couples did manage to fall asleep - the same could not be said for the guest in the third bedroom, he was awake most of the night. He left in the morning. After hearing the departing guest complain about the 'orgy' that kept him awake all night, and refunding the man's money, Garth was still smiling when he joined Jarveena, Robyn and Gavin for breakfast. 

"Oh well," Garth rubbed his hands together, "maybe I'm not cut out to be an innkeeper."

"Somehow that's not how I see you, my friend," Gavin said quietly, never cracking a smile (he seldom did anyway). "You're a sellsword, a warrior, that's really all you know, well all you can do well at least." 

"Now wait a minute Gavin," Jarveena interrupted, "he's real good at. . ." She realized what she was about to say. "Never mind." 

"Speaking of inn keeping," Garth said, "I have to visit Dargeth the Brewer this morning." He looked at Jarveena, "we're running low on the good ale." 

"Is that thieving old fool still brewing his swill?" Gavin asked, "Would you like some company?"

It was decided, Garth and Gavin would go to the brewer, and leave Robyn and Jarveena to their own devices.

Robyn was standing at the bedroom window, looking out at the town when she felt Jarveena behind her.

"You have beautiful hair, Robyn." Jarveena lightly stroked it. "Would you like me to plait it for you?"

Jarveena stood close behind the beautiful Elf, she could smell her clean fragrance, she could feel the heat of her body. She could not resist, she had to know if she would be spurned. Jarveena lightly rested her hands on Robyn's shoulders.
