 Sellsword 5 - The Dragon Dancers

This story was previously posted on a site that is no longer fully functional



The Dragon Lord was an evil demi-god exiled to the Realm of The Dead many centuries before. He was not slain, but damned to wander between the worlds.

Since then, his devotees have sought to bring about his return. Twenty five years ago a talented young sorceress succeeded in summoning him back for a brief time. During that time, he coupled with the sorceress and she gave birth to twin daughters. Each of the girls bore the image of a dragon on her body.

They were to become the Dragon Dancers.

Only recently, a gate between our world and the Realm of The Dead was discovered hidden in the Kaladur Pass. The Dragon Dancers, along with their mother, have journeyed to Galoria, there to take caravan to Kaladur Pass.

Their purpose is to open the gate and allow the Dragon Lord to return to the world of the living.

The creaking sound of the ships rigging filled the dimly lit cabin of the caravel. A sea captain sat watching the two women as they writhed on his bunk.

Their skin, glistening with sweat, carried the images of dragons – these images seeming to writhe along with the beautiful bodies of the two women.

As the captain watched, his cod piece becoming tighter and tighter, the women kissed and caressed each other, their fingers and mouths moving over one another as they made love in the manner only two women can.

One of them, her hair the deep yellow of amber, lay back and spread her long legs. The golden haired twin moved over her, straddling her face. As mouths pressed to steaming cunts, the dragon images appeared to coil about the women, binding them closer to one another.

The low moans of passion and the wet sounds of the women’s love making, joined the ship sounds in the cabin, as did the harsh breathing of the captain as he sat, watching and waiting.

The women paid the captain no mind as they eagerly licked and sucked each other. Their bodies trembling with passion as each savored the others hot, wet, pussy.

Their moaning became more intense as each neared climax. Their hips began grinding harder and harder as each sought to draw her lovers mouth closer and tighter to her.

As their orgasms neared, the dragon images began to shift and slide, until the head of one woman’s dragon was moving over onto the body of the other. As the captain watched, fascinated by the spectacle, each dragon head, moved to a woman’s ass. Long, forked tongues, flicked out and caressed the crease between ass cheeks.

The women cried out in ecstasy as their bodies drew taught and their muscles began to tremble. Intense orgasms enveloped them as their own mouths, and the tongues of the dragons, sent them soaring over the edge as their bodies surrendered to the total sensation of their pleasure, the exquisite agony of their climax.

“I can stand no more,” the captain cried as he stood, ripping his cod piece from his body and advancing on the two women. His cock was rigid and ready, he moved to the edge of the bunk. “I must have you. You have tormented me long enough.”

The two women rolled apart, smiling up at the captains weathered face.

“Join us then, my captain,” the golden haired twin whispered, patting the bunk, “and let us bring you such bliss as you have ever known.”

The amber haired twin reached out and took the captain’s cock in her small hand – drawing him to the bed. She leaned forward and lightly flicked the tip of her tongue over the engorged head of his rigid cock.

The captain gasped as his prick was taken into the girl’s wet, hot mouth. 

He felt her soft lips moving down his shaft, her tongue pressing the large vein as he was engulfed in the heat of her mouth.

“Would you taste what my sister has tasted?” the golden haired girl smiled, laying back and spreading her legs.

The captain looked, hungrily. at the soft, pale triangle of hair that framed the girl’s dripping, pink cunt lips. He could only nod as he climbed up on the bed and lowered his face to her golden pussy.

In the first mate’s cabin, the twins mother stood before a muscular young seaman. She smiled at the man sitting on the edge of his bunk. “From the sound of it, you will be the new captain within the hour. And my daughters and I will be one thousand gold pieces richer.”

Her hands went to the brooch holding her cloak and unfastened it. The garment slid to the deck, revealing her firm, naked body to the man on the bed.

The mate shook his head as his eyes drank in the beauty of the woman’s body, “I can hardly believe that you are the mother of those two beauties. 

You look more like their, younger, sister.”

The woman slowly approached him, her hands moving up beneath her breasts. 

She flicked her thumbs over her swelling nipples as she lifted her breasts in offering to the mate. “Thank you – Captain,” she whispered as she dropped to her knees before him, “you are, indeed, a gentleman.” Her fingers untied the lacing of his leather breeches and she pulled them down, and off.

The mate’s erect cock sprang up before her, hard, thick – and ready.

In the adjacent cabin, the captain lay on his back. Sarila – the amber haired twin – straddled his hips, the wet lips of her pussy caressing the taught skin of the man’s swollen cock head. Above his face, her cunt inches from his mouth, waited Tarila, the golden haired one.

“Are you ready for us captain?” Sarila asked, moving her cunt slowly over his cock head – tantalizing him, torturing him. The captain reached up and grabbed Sarila’s hips. As he thrust his cock upward, he pulled her down, impaling her tight young cunt on the iron bar hardness of his prick.

Tarila ground her pussy over the man’s mouth, feeling his lips and tongue as they began to devour her. His lips sucked her clitoris as his cock pounded into her sister.

Sarila leaned forward, her hands caressing Tarila’s firm breasts. As the captain attended to their steaming cunts, their mouths met in a passionate kiss as each sister explored the others breasts. The captain thrust himself upward, sending his hard cock deep into Sarila’s clutching pussy. Her hot, wetness drawing him deep within her as the inner muscles of her cunt caressed and squeezed the hardness of his shaft.

Tarila, her cunt dripping, moved back and forth over the captains hungry mouth. She could feel his tongue as it probed inside her, bringing her closer to the brink of another orgasm.

The twins let their eyes meet – each knew the time was nearing, the time when the dragon images on their bodies would come to life, and look for prey.

Muffled groans announced the captain approaching the edge. His balls were full and tight as his pumped his rock hard prick into Sarila’s hungry cunt. The twins felt life returning to the dragon images. They looked down to see the heads of the two wyrms lift from their slumber. Their baleful eyes fell on the hairy chest of the sea captain. Their jaws opened to reveal their fangs, venom dripping from them as they moved slowly downward. The twins reached their orgasm together.

The captain reached his last climax an instant later, his pulsing cock sending streams of hot cum pouring into Sarila’s cunt. As their three bodies writhed in their torrent of lust, the dragons sank their fangs into the captains flesh, injecting their venom into his hot blood.

Such was the sharpness of the fangs – and the power of his sexual release that the captain felt no pain, only the total, all consuming passion of his climax with these two beautiful women. In moments, the women moved from his prostrate form.

His eyes were half closed and his lips were curled in a smile. The venom of the dragons was swift and painless. The captain had died happy. 

Iraekiira, the twins mother, took the mates cock in her hand and lowered her lips to the dark, swollen head, “the captain is dead, “ she whispered, “long live the captain.”

The mate tensed as the electric feel of her mouth engulfed his throbbing cock. He thrust his hips upward, driving the head of his prick into the woman’s throat.

Kneeling between the mates strong thighs, the woman sucked his swollen cock with a will. Her small hands moved up to caress and fondle his heavy balls, her long nails scratching lightly over the hairy, wrinkled skin of his sac.

The mate leaned back and groaned as he felt his cock being swallowed by this remarkable woman. He could feel her lips caressing his shaft, her tongue pressing the large vein as she drew his cock back out, until only the head remained in her mouth. His hands went to her head and he held her steady as he began to move his cock in and out, fucking her willing mouth with hard, deft strokes.

Iraekiira knew he was close to the edge – she wanted to drink his seed, to be sure – but she wanted to feel him inside her cunt as well. She sucked harder, allowing him to fuck her face as well, ignoring the discomfort of his cock head slamming into her throat.

The mate’s balls filled and grew tight within the wrinkled sac of his scrotum. He was close – a few more seconds and he would erupt into this woman’s mouth.

It didn’t take more than a second.

With a powerful thrust, the mate drove his erupting cock deep into Iraekiira’s throat. His hot semen poured down her eagerly swallowing throat She sucked hungrily, devouring every drop of this warm, pearly cum, milking his cock until she was ready to move on to other things. “That should take the edge off,” she murmured, releasing his semi-rigid cock from her swollen lips. With a coy smile, she licked at a thin string of semen that had clung to her lips. “Now I want you to feel the heat of my pussy around that wonderful cock of yours.”

The mate’s wet cock found itself nestled between Iraekiira’s firm, warm tits. She moved her body so that he was fucking the deep valley between her breasts. His cock soon regained it’s full erection. “Now,” Iraekiira said, proudly, “that’s a cock fit for a Dragon Mistress.” She pushed the mate back on the bed and straddled the upright pole of his cock, letting the swollen head caress her hot, wet, hungry cunt lips. The mate trembled as he felt the incredible heat and tightness of Iraekiira’s cunt as it slid down his waiting cock until her soft pussy hair tangled with his own, coarse, bush. The clutch of her cunt was tight, like a strong hand in a soft, wet, furnace hot, glove. Iraekiira began moving up and down, impaling herself on the mate, feeling him fill her hungry pussy, the swollen head bumping the mouth of her womb. The mate reached up and grabbed Iraekiira’s quivering breasts, her nipples hard against his sweating palms.

The woman let out a soft moan as she felt the mates hands and cock stimulating her, bringing her closer and closer to fulfillment. Her inner muscles clenched, her pussy lips swelling to tighten around the rigid cock that filled her.

Beneath her, the mates thrust upward, driving his cock into her - hard, fast, merciless. His animal like grunts mingled with the woman’s passionate moans - the music of lust filled the cabin. Iraekiira could feel herself nearing orgasm. Her muscles tightening, her nerve endings tingling, her clitoris throbbing. Her hot juices flowed over the mates raging cock, washing it, leaking from her clutching cunt to wet the mates filling ball-sac. Throwing her head back and swinging it from side to side, Iraekiira reached the peak and soared over it. Intense orgasmic delight flowed through her quivering body. She threw herself forward, her firm breasts flanking the mates flushed face as she came. Encouraged by Iraekiira’s responsiveness, the mate thrust even harder. His mouth captured an erect nipple - he drew it between his teeth and bit, lightly.

Iraekiira cried out in tormented ecstasy, her thighs clutching his sides as her cunt tightened it’s velvet grip on his throbbing cock. She reached behind her and felt the mates heavy balls. They were swelling as they filled, filled with the sweet semen that she had savored such a short time before. “Not yet - not yet,” she urged. “Bring me to the peak once more.” The mate clenched his teeth and fought back the urge to cum. His balls ached for release as the tightness of Iraekiira’s cunt tortured him. In an effort to fight it, he reached down and grabbed the base of his cock, squeezing it tightly to forestall the impending discharge. Engrossed in their own pleasure, neither Iraekiira nor the mate heard the twins quietly enter the cabin. In the shadows of a corner, they sat and watched as their mother coupled with the trim first mate. Sarila let her hand slip between her silky thighs. Her fingers lightly caressed her clitoris. This was all she needed to do to bring the dragon to life.

The red scaled head lifted from her pale skin, it’s yellow eyes blinking and it’s forked tongue flicking in and out of its lipless mouth. Slowly the dragon slid down Sarila’s body until it’s nose was at the top of her soft pale pubic thatch.

Sarila opened her legs slightly and the dragon slithered between them. Iraekiira heard her daughter’s slight sigh and turned to smile at the twins.

The mate heard nothing save the pounding of his heart as he neared the point of no return. His balls, full and swollen, screamed for release. His muscles were drawn tight as a bow string as he thrust his cock deep inside Iraekiira.

“Now – flood me NOW!” Iraekiira urged, knowing the mate could restrain himself no longer, and knowing that she, too, was on the verge of another orgasm.

A guttural cry escaped from the mates mouth as his balls spasmed and his cock erupted. Hot semen surged forth to fill and flood Iraekiira’s hungry cunt. As his cock pulsated, the woman’s cunt-lips milked all they could from it.

Above him, Iraekiira’s body trembled and quaked as she was caught up in her own orgasm, the intensity of which was magnified by the climax she had experienced such a short time before.

As she watched her mother, Sarila, assisted by the dragon’s tongue, attained a, rather, noisy orgasm.

The mate’s head snapped around and his eyes showed a combination of shock, embarrassment, and pleasure as he saw the beautiful girl writhing in the throws of passion, even as her mother had just done. “They often watch their mother,” Iraekiira whispered, her lips at the mate’s ear. “It’s the best way for them to learn, isn’t it?” Their clothing once more in place, Iraekiira, her daughters and the mate sat on the bed. They reviewed the activities of the night. “You left no trace of your presence did you?” Iraekiira asked of the twins.

“No mother,” Sarila responded.

“We even put his nightshirt on him,” Tarila added, completing the answer.

The mate nodded, “His steward will find him when he brings his breakfast.” He rose and looked out of the porthole. “Dawn is not far off. We should be in the harbor by mid-day.” He turned to Iraekiira, “You have had a profitable night, M’Lady,” he, bowed, taking her small hand and kissing it in a courtly fashion.

“As have you, kind sir. You have gained a ship.” 

“And I have sampled the charms of one of the most beautiful and desirable women I have ever met.”

As expected, the steward found the captains body that morning; the mate became the new captain, and the other crew members just did their jobs. In their cabin, the three women discussed their next steps. “Have we enough gold now, mother?” Sarila asked, looking at the small chest of glistening coins.

“We have enough for our caravan fees in this purse alone.” Iraekiira pointed to a bulging leather pouch. “In the chest, there is sufficient gold to clothe and supply us as noble women for the journey.” She grinned, “I don’t think the caravan master would appreciate our company otherwise.” 

The Axe & Anchor is a Galorian inn – the largest, and best, on the waterfront – lounging in the common room are a group of mercenaries. They had been brought to Galoria, at some expense, to serve as guards for the large caravan being assembled there.

At the center table, a corpulent merchant and a leathery caravan master discussed the delay.

“I told you before, Achmed,” the merchant explained. “We’re waiting for three noble women. They’re only a day overdue, and the harbor master has just reported the sighting of the caravel’s masts. They will be docking by mid day and you can be on your way in the morning.” 

Achmed, the caravan master, scowled and looked about the room. “These sellswords are not cheap, Denton my old friend. Every day we wait cuts into our profits.”

Siting at a corner table, were three of the mercenaries; a half breed elf male, a large fighting man, and a women of extraordinary beauty. They were having a conversation of their own.

“Garth,” the half breed leaned forward, “I can handle waiting. The pay is good for just sitting around drinking ale and looking at Jarveena.” 

Jarveena, the woman, smiled and leaned back in her chair. “Hawk, you disappoint me, I thought just looking at me was pay enough.” Her laugh was bright and musical.

Jarveena’s honey colored hair was tied back, revealing a face of classic beauty, eyes of the deepest blue and lips like a soft, red bow. Even the shimmering elf made chain mail she wore could not, totally, conceal her proud breasts. On the table before her rested a great bow, made of stag horn, The Hart Bow.

Beside Jarveena, his arm resting, possessively, on the back of her chair, sat the large warrior. His face dark from the sun and wind was crossed by the white tracery of scars. His steel gray hair was long and tied back. Dark, fierce eyes stared out from beneath heavy brows. This was Garth, the sellsword from Kal-sorak, the slayer of the Spider Goddess and the wielder of the mighty sword, “Soulcatcher.”

“I, for one, grow tired of this waiting,” Garth said, lifting his ale, “but the money is good.”

A man entered the inn and walked to the center table. He handed a note to Achmed then turned and left.

The merchant opened and read the note. He began talking in hushed tones to the caravan master.

“I think there may be news,” Garth said, tilting his head toward the merchant and caravan master, their heads close together as they conversed quietly.

The merchant rose to his feet, “The caravel is docking even as we speak. Denton will be assembling the caravan tonight and we will leave at first light tomorrow.”

“Why the delay any way?” the half blood asked.

A murmur indicated that the rest of the sellswords had the same question. “We have been awaiting the arrival of three passengers, noble women from the Windward Isles.”

“PASSENGERS!!??” the mercenaries cried, almost as one. 

“We were given to believe that this was a freight caravan.” Garth commented, turning to face the center table. 

“Passengers require personal guards, have these noble women their own guards?” Denton responded, “I’m sure these women have sufficient funds to hire their own guards from among such a stalwart group.” He looked right at Garth and his companions, “From what I have heard, you three would be an excellent choice. I’ll mention it to these women as soon as I see them.” Before anyone could respond, Achmed and Denton rose and left the inn. 

“Hmm,” Jarveena mused, “three women, one for each of us,” she smiled, her hand gripping Garth’s cod-piece beneath the table. “Or in any of a number of combinations.”

Hawk didn’t know how to take that statement – had he known Jarveena better, he would have understood, and would have looked forward to how things would turn out.

“We need to follow those two,” Garth suggested, pushing his chair back. 

“We can probably negotiate a better price ourselves.” Garth tossed a silver piece on the table – an overly generous tip – and the trio walked into the street.

Achmed and Denton were heading for the docks to greet the three “noble” women that were to be their passengers.
