 I was on a project in the Amazon basin for a pharmaceutical company looking for plants that had not been inventoried in the scientific catalogue so we could test them for any potential clinical value. 

The five of us in the study left our supply boat when the unnamed river tributary became too shallow and we each hiked thirty minutes in paths radiating away from the landing point before setting up separate camps. 

I chose the bank of a creek running with surprisingly clear water at a just as surprising pace. 

We had all the latest camping, satellite communication, and field laboratory equipment plus assistance in setting up camp from the boat crew. After we were set up our helpers returned to the boat and would return for us in thirty days. We each had a five-kilometer radius to explore during that time.

My first two days were routine with no new discoveries, as I had pretty much expected. On most expeditions if just one of us discovered something new the trip would be considered a success. On many trips new discoveries were zero.

I had not come across anything of interest as the few plants I did not recognize the botanical key in my laptop did. 

On the third day I decided to follow the creek by my camp upstream. The dry season had just taken hold and the going was so easy that I traveled well past the 5K's of my territory. The creek had become a small stream and the terrain had a shallow but definite slope. 

I was wondering if I had crossed a national border when I heard a whimper. I followed the sound to a small waterfall from the bottom of which a small naked figure struggled to emerge.

I ran to it and assisted what turned out to be a small native woman clutching some leaves in her hand. She had a rough-hewn carry bag slung around her neck and shoulder. She refused to let go of the leaves, which made her escape from the current and whirlpool by the waterfall impossible. 

She was bleeding from her forehead and appeared to be in shock.

I picked her up and carried her to the bank. She looked at me briefly; uncertainty in her eyes, then lost consciousness. 

I could not leave her there so I took her precious leaves out of her hand and stuffed them in her pouch then lifted her in a fireman's carry and walked to my campsite. She weighed less than my usual backpack so we were back at my camp quickly.

I placed the woman on my cot and examined her head wound. It may have been enough of a blow to give her a mild concussion. I opened her eyes and saw no sign of one so I doctored the head wound with items from my first aid kit and let her rest. 

She woke up briefly and sat up on the cot. I assured her that she would be OK. I covered her body with a towel and urged her to lie down. 

My foam topped cot was probably the most comfortable thing she had ever been on in her life and she may not have ever been covered by anything other than a leaf. The comfort and her exhaustion soon put her back to sleep.

I studied her as she slept. This was my sixth such expedition and I always made the effort to meet and interact with the indigenous people. You never knew what secrets they could divulge. 

She was not a member of any group I had ever seen. She was smaller and lighter; her hair was not quite black, more of a deep golden red. Her fingers and toes seemed longer than normal. Her skin was more golden than brown.

With natives it was difficult to tell age. They themselves seldom knew. She appeared to be in her late teens or early twenties. She had full-grown woman features, bore the marks of childbirth and her small breasts had some sag. Her hair was long and lustrous. She was pretty.

I thought about going through her bag and checking out the leaves she thought of as precious but I considered that akin to going through a woman's purse. I would wait and request after she recovered. 

It was dusk when she woke again. 

I had caught what looked like a peacock bass and had grilled it over my fire pit. I loved to fish and loved to eat fish which is why I always set up camp next to water. I had a gas camp stove but a pile of mostly dry tree branches was too good to pass up. I also had fresh figs and vacuum-packed peas and carrots.

I was about ready to eat when she stirred so I prepared a second plate. She seemed less suspicious of me. 

Her eyes lit up when I put her dinner plate in front of her. She immediately ate all the figs and after tasting it first, devoured the fish. Her fingers seemed to taste the food before she put it in her mouth. 

The peas and carrots were a harder sell. She eventually ate the carrots but left her peas. I had more fish ready so I refilled her plate. She seemed shocked by the gesture. She ate it hesitantly, as if I would punish her for accepting. 

I prepared some tea and poured two cups and emptied a packet of sugar in each drink. Her face lit up at her first sip. Her eyes told me she loved sweet tea. 

When she was done it was obvious to me she wanted more. I decided to test her social conditioning and instead of filling her cup I just smiled at her. 

After a long pause she held the cup out to me. She was cringing, expecting a blow. I took the cup out of her hand refilled it, added a packet of sugar and handed it back to her. 

I kept my body language neutral, like it was normal to have seconds.

I left her to her thoughts and went to the stream bank to take a piss. The mosquitoes found me before I returned to the tent. I zipped it up after walking in and turned to the small one wondering if I needed to make more tea.

She was aghast; she stared at the now closed tent flap. I could see in her eyes she felt trapped.

I gave her a reassuring smile and signaled for her to come over. I showed her the zipper tab, and then slowly opened the tent flap. I walked through the opening and closed it from the outside. I swatted a couple of mosquitoes then quickly slipped back inside. 

I gestured for her to pull the zipper down to close the entrance. She did this as an awed expression settled on her face. She opened it up, stepped out, then back in and closed it up. She was giddy. 

Someone once said that any sufficiently advanced technology would seem to be magic to less developed people. I now understood what that meant.

The little one repeated the process two more times before she came inside for a while. She looked exhausted likely as a result of the ordeal she had gone through. I was tired too as the days adventure caught up with me. 

I swatted a couple of mosquitoes that had made it into the tent and rubbed some alcohol on the bites I had received. 

The Little One seemed to be curious as to the relationship between the insect and me. She was stunned to see the signs of the stings on my skin.

I normally slept nude, a rainforest at night never becomes cool so after deciding that clothing was probably stranger to her than nudity I stripped down and settled into my cot. I gestured for her to join me but she seemed reluctant.

I guessed it was another of her societies mores so I gently lifted her onto the bed with me, made room for her and settled down to sleep. 

Once again I had astonished her. Before I fell asleep I felt her cuddle up to me.

She had a restless night. I heard the tent zipper open and close more than once. I heard and smelled my pit fire return to life. I heard her grinding rocks together. I was too tired to investigate so I slept on. 

I fully expected her to be gone in the morning but I woke to the sight of my cock slowly sinking into her pussy. My dick is pretty average, nothing to be ashamed about but not porn star quality, yet her pussy felt incredibly tight. 

None of the natives I had met had big dicks, in fact two inches or less while flaccid seemed to be average. The few I had seen erect were less than five inches. To the Little One my cock must have seemed gigantic.

I knew this was a thank you fuck with a large dose of "I wonder if I can take this one in me" curiosity. When my hands engulfed her tits she was surprised. When I pinched a nipple she gasped.

I could feel her sudden sexual excitement. I caressed her small body while she and her pussy adjusted to my dick. She took slow, tentative strokes for a while until her body tensed and her eyes betrayed panic. 

She was having an orgasm but did not know what was happening to her. 

I caressed her gently to reassure her and she at last allowed her cum to overwhelm her. I knew it was the first one of her life. I decided I did not like the men of her tribe.

She seemed concerned that I had not cum. I searched for a way to make her understand that I enjoyed having her impaled on my dick and would love for her to have more orgasms. Before I said anything she understood and resumed fucking me.

I enjoyed each of her orgasms as if they were my own. She seemed to know when mine was imminent and concentrated on me. The force and quantity of my cum made a big impression on her. So did the fact that I stopped her from dismounting me and hugged her to me.

Her body molded itself over mine. She hummed to herself. She loved being loved. I was shocked to learn that this was the happiest moment of her life.

I asked myself how I knew that. 

I smelled anise and/or almonds. The smell permeated her and me. Again I knew it was something she had prepared by the fire the previous night. I suddenly knew it was made to repel insects. 

I was grateful for that but before I voiced it she let me know she was pleased that I was pleased.

I was now very confused. I wondered if she was telepathic. 

My confusion in turn confused her until in a flash she showed me why we were able to talk without words. Another, colorless ointment had been applied to my body. 

She was pleased that we could also mentally "bond" through it. The tribe she had been a captive to until her escape were "dumb", that is they could not communicate with her mentally.

My mind reeled at the enormity of the discovery. I wanted to know how she prepared it and my mind was quickly awash with the information needed. There were two major drawbacks. 

The leaves she had so carefully protected were from a tree that was completely unknown to me. The caterpillar/butterfly that was also needed was unknown to me too and seemed to live only between the bark and the trunk of the unknown tree. 

The tree only produced the mystery chemical when the butterfly eggs hatched and the caterpillars attacked the leaves. That happened for a few weeks at the end of the rainy season before the tree became toxic to the caterpillars and they began their metamorphoses into butterflies. 

That time frame window had just passed. The Little One had seen the caterpillars building their cocoons.

Suddenly finding myself in no hurry my mind began to consider the effect such a find would have on the world. It did not take me long to realize it would not be a good thing. 

In our world secrets kept you safe.

The small one had stopped listening in on what to her must have been incomprehensible thoughts and was enjoying the union of our bodies. My half hard dick was still in her and she was undulating her hips around it. Her mind purred. Small orgasms coursed through her body.

I kissed her forehead as my hands softly engulfed her small ass. She questioned the kiss. I kissed her again making sure she felt the affection. Her mind glowed pink and her purr got louder. I kissed her cheeks, her nose and finally her lips. 

Before I ended the kiss to her lips my cock had returned to its full hardness and my hands were pressing her ass down rhythmically. She had a big orgasm. 

I found I could enjoy her orgasms nearly as well as I could mine. That was some side effect. Instead of the typical male "cum and wait to recover" existence I could take advantage of women's ability to be multi-orgasmic. 

I lost count of how many orgasms she had but eventually their cumulative effect forced my cum into her. She could feel mine as well as I could and we went through point/counterpoint shock waves for a long time.

It took some effort but we did manage to separate and stepped outside to piss. Like me she did so standing up and into the stream. She mentally showed me that pissing into water masked where we were to others.

I wondered how she had ended up in dire straights the day before and in a few seconds I learned that as a youngster strangers had captured her. 

The tree branch she had used as a bridge over a river broke and plunged her in. Her people and water do not do well together she conveyed to me. I assumed she meant that her people did not swim.

She had managed to cling to the branch for a long time but as the river widened her family could not keep track of her. The branch eventually became stuck on a sand bar and the strangers found her and took her as a slave. 

She had become pregnant often but only one of her babies survived. That daughter died in infancy. Her captors then though of her as worthless and had planned to kill and eat her. 

Luckily the binding on her foot that kept her on the ground had rotted. After she was sure all were asleep she broke out of it and went up into the canopy. She had escaped three days before I found her. Her captivity had lasted at least three years. 

After her escape she worried that her people could no longer feel her so she searched and found the necessary ingredients to strengthen her telepathic abilities, even though they were supposed to last a lifetime. 

She rued the fact that she had become so fat another tree branch had broken under her, plunging her into the stream and over the waterfall.

I allowed her to sense my mirth over her last statement. She weighed less than thirty kilos. 

I sent her a mental picture of some very plus size women I knew. Her eyes widened and she broke into mental giggles.

It brought another question to mind. She had not uttered a sound since we met. I wondered if she was mute. In response she imitated the calls of various creatures in the rain forest. Neat.

My biggest shock was next. She was suddenly well up into a sweet fig tree. She had climbed it with the agility of a spider monkey only faster. I now understood why her fingers and toes seemed extra long, She was arboreal. 

It also explained why references to her people had not been recorded. Her people would know that people on the ground were dangerous. To her people stealth and silence would be of paramount necessity. 

Some tribes had legends of "ghost people" that traveled through the air. Perhaps she was one of them.

She came down with a handful of figs and she offered them to me. I took them to the tent and divided them onto two plates. I turned on the camping stove, (much to her amazement), and brewed some tea. I opened a vacuum pack of what was supposed to be pound cake and we ate a civilized breakfast, under the circumstances.

While we ate I filled her in on why I was there. I thanked her for keeping the mosquitoes off me. She darted out of the tent and soon came back with some lichen, a fairly common centipede that smelled of anise when agitated, and a seedpod. 

My mind saw her grind the three together with rocks then scoop up the clear oil that was released after the mash had been heated in the fire. She drew lines with it over my body from my forehead to my toes. It took me a minute to figure out that the man in her mental image was me. In her eyes I was a heroic god.

She was hoping for a treat as reward of her gift. The treat she wanted was another fuck. I picked her up and began kissing her as I walked us over to my cot. I placed her on her back and lowered my dick to her pussy. She eagerly stuffed the head into her and braced for my penetration.

She really enjoyed kissing and was already very good at it. She had learned to allow her cums to overwhelm her and to eagerly wait for the next one. She understood my orgasm would come after hers. 

She had two orgasms as we kissed and my cock slowly inched its way into her. I saw her mind suffuse with colors and I felt her purr. I fucked her with ever increasing passion that was returned tenfold. Her pussy was fully accepting my dick as I pounded her hard. 

Her body succumbed to a long continuous orgasm. I saw lights flash through her body and into mine. My seed suddenly erupted into her as our combined cums overwhelmed us. Her mind went gray and mine nearly did. I managed to get us on our sides before my body could collapse on hers. Mind plus body orgasms were dangerous. And very exhausting.

I felt her mind slowly look for me. I answered her with kisses and warmth. Her mind was filled with wonder. I allowed her to see my sense of wonder too. 

She snuggled closer to me and fell asleep. I waited until I was sure she would not awake then went to my workstation to file a report on the mosquito repellent. I had done a chemical analysis on the ingredients and knew they where readily available in our lab, what was new was the structure of the molecules.

I gave credit to a mysterious native woman and couched my report in words that suggested the product should be marketed quickly, intimating that we were not the only ones with the knowledge.

I did not want them to know the true nature of the find. I told them that the effect lasted for about a week. My analysis would lead the lab into agreeing with my conclusion. 

The small woman's mind told me that the effect was permanent from the first application. 

The human skin absorbed the oil and as the skins oil glands did their job they duplicated the chemicals with their own secretions. 

The largest single killer of humans on Earth, malaria, was about to become extinct, along with dengue fever and a host of other mosquito borne diseases.

My guest was still asleep when I prepared a mid-day snack for us. 

I saw on my communicator that I had a message. Lisa, my nearest stationed colleague, had reminded me that in another five days I was to go to her camp with wine and flowers and seduce her.

Lisa was a Canadian of Asian decent. Like me she was too involved in her career for a normal family life. We had been each other's most consistent sex partners for the last four years. We liked each other, we trusted each other, and at times we relied on each other. 

This was the third time we had been deployed on the same mission and we had previously agreed that after a few days of our stay we would get together to exchange notes and make love.

I felt a question being asked. The small woman was awake. I allowed her to see Lisa at various points in our lives and also allowed her to see her as we made love. I felt the question, "Mate?"

I answered "Friend."

She asked, "Friend?" I knew she was not asking about Lisa, she was asking about herself. 

"Friend," I answered as I kissed her. Her body clung to mine as we kissed. 

She left my lap to see if the tea was ready, She wanted to serve us. I pictured each step for her including a warning about the hot pot. I urged her to place a few grains of sugar on her finger and lick it. Her eyes widened and she smiled gleefully.

I had to caution her about overdoing it. I flashed her the picture of the fat women as a warning. She reluctantly accepted the caution.

After lunch she kissed me then went up a kapok tree and disappeared in a flash. She had conveyed to me that she would be back.

Ninety minutes after I sent my report I got acknowledgement that it had been received. I did not expect anything more than that since it was past midnight at the lab. It had been the most eventful day of my life. I was tired. I went to my cot and before I knew it I was asleep.

It was nearly dark when I awoke. The little one was hunched over the fire preparing something. She gave me a mental hug and kiss, (almost as good as the physical ones), and told me she was fixing our dinner. 
