 Sellsword Ch. 07 - The Avatar

Kal-Sorak stood much as they had left it. A town typical of it's time and place. Old stone building, none higher than two floors, lined cobbled streets, streets too narrow for two wagons to pass each other.

A wagon was rattling over those cobblestones, between the buildings at the edge of town. Garth, the sellsword, was in the driving box, while two women, Jarveena and Moira rode in the back, lounging amongst chests and large leathern sacks.

The sacks and chests held a vast treasure.

"I need to see Dargeth," Garth called back as he coaxed the draft horses through the narrow streets. "I was serious about having some of his ale shipped to Hawk," his scarred face was split by a broad grin.

"I'd like to taste some of his fabled ale," Moira chuckled.

"There's none better," Jarveena confirmed.

The small group was in high spirits; their coffers were overflowing with gold, and they had triumphed over the deadliest foe any of them had ever encountered.

Moira, quickly recovering from Wulf's death, was excited to be facing a new day and new adventures. Though she had said nothing to Garth or Jarveena, Moira hoped to remain with them for as long as they would permit. They had become a large part of her life.

"Dargeth!" Garth shouted. "You old drunkard, where are you?"

A short, stocky figure appeared from behind a wagon load of barrels. His long, russet beard was tucked into his wide leather belt, the stem of a pipe was clenched in his teeth. He squinted his eyes at the big warrior. 

"About time ye got back, owin' me a fortune for all the ale I've been sending to that flop house ye call an inn."

Laughing, Garth took a purse from beneath the wagon seat and tossed it to the dwarf.

Dargeth snatched the purse from the air, and hefted in his gnarled hand.

"That should square us, old friend," Garth said.

"It should just about cover it." Dargeth agreed, as the purse vanished beneath his apron.

"Our old comrade, Hawk, has bought the Longsword Inn in Kaladur," Garth said, filling his pipe. "It's a nice place, but the ale is like Dragon piss. I want you to ship a load of your best ale to him."

"That purse will na' cover a wagon load, Garth," the brewmaster said, leaning against a wagon wheel.

"Hawk can pay for his own ale," Garth tossed Dargeth another purse, "this should pay for shipping."

"I'll get the shipment under way and meet ye at the inn," the dwarf said, then grinned broadly, "what did ye say the name of that dive of yours was?"

Dargeth looked at Moira, "My old comrade always did have the manners of a common clod." He doffed his cap and bowed at the waist. "I am Dargeth, Son of Boreth, Master Brewer and retired Free Companion." He cast an eye at Garth, adding, "and former friend of yon ill bred barbarian."

Moira laughed, making her eyes sparkle, "and I am Moira, Daughter of Shelton of Tarsk," she said. "Sorceress, and friend to Jarveena and Garth."

Dargeth took Moira's hand and kissed it. "I pledge you my strong right arm in friendship, Moira of Tarsk."

"I accept your friendship, Dargeth, Son of Boreth, and pledge you mine in return."

Garth snapped the reins, and the wagon rumbled off.

"I'll be a son of a bitch," Dargeth said as they left, "he's doin' BOTH of those lassies."

The sign on the door said "Preston's"

"What about the, ah, cargo?" Jarveena asked as the wagon stopped behind the inn.

"As soon as I cut the road dust, I'll carry it to the basement vault," Garth said, helping the women down from the wagon.

The cool air of the common room felt refreshing as the women let their eyes grow accustomed to the dim lighting.

"There's powerful magic present here," Moira said, instantly on her guard. 

Jarveena's sharp eyes fell upon a solitary figure seated at a table in the far corner. He was robed and hooded, the hood hiding his features in dark shadow. 

Jarveena recognized the scabbarded sword that lay across the table. "Gavin," she asked, "is it you?"

The figure lifted a hand and swept back his hood. The face now revealed was gaunt, dusky skinned and marked by the most hideous of scars. His hair was black, save foe two streaks of white that ran one from each temple.

But it was his eyes that struck the women the most. They were black, haunted eyes. Eyes set much deeper than Jarveena had remembered. The mark of many sleepless nights hung beneath them, and a fire glowed behind them that Jarveena had never seen before.

"What's wrong, Gavin?" Jarveena asked, approaching the table.

"A Stygian?" Moira wondered, following at a discreet distance.

Gavin's tormented eyes looked at Moira, "Who is the sorceress?"

"This is Moira, friend to Garth and me, and as much family as you and Robyn," Jarveena assured him.

"Where is Garth?" Gavin asked. His answer came immediately.

"GAVIN!" Garth roared from the side door, "what are you doing here? Where's Robyn?" Garth strode to the table signaling the barkeep for ale all around.

"Robyn is with her people, she can have no part in what I must do," the Stygian responded, his voice low and filled with pain.

Garth sat back and lifted his ale, "and what is it we must do?" The inclusion of himself was a mark of the depth of his friendship with the mage."

Gavin's black eyes grew harder, "It seems that it is time to repay Azog for all his years of patronage." Gavin paused, "I must destroy Set."

Garth looked at him, "Slaying a god! That should make for an interesting adventure." Garth leaned forward, "when do we leave?"

Gavin looked about the table and went on, "I was visited in my sleep. Azog told me to come here and wait. He told me I must send Robyn to her people, since she bore the fulfillment of Owl's prophesy. So I am here, Robyn is with her people, and I wait."

"Owl's prophesy?" Garth said, "She's PREGNANT?"

Gavin nodded, "So I could never risk her safety."

Before anything more could be said, the door flew open.

"Where's that damned skinny Stygian?" Dargeth bellowed from the doorway.

"Dwarf," Gavin said, "I had despaired of ever seeing your ugly face again." He grasped Dargeth's wrist in greeting.

When Dargeth had a jack of ale in his fist, Gavin recanted his tale so far.

"Is that all?" Dargeth said in disbelief, "JUST a god slaying? Have ye lost ALL of your senses lad?"

"It is a quest given me by Azog, I cannot refuse it."

At the mention of Azog, Dargeth's face lost all color. "The god of fear, again?" The dwarf recalled his first, and only, encounter with Azog, the god of fear. It was not a pleasant memory.

Gavin told of Azog's visit and of his instructions.

"Well," Garth put in, "that would be the end of your being pursued."

Gavin nodded, "yes, one way or the other."

As evening approached, Topaz, the serving wench arrived for work. Dargeth immediately gave her the once over. Her hair was dark blond and her eyes a deep ocean blue. While her body was concealed the tight bodice did lift her ample breasts high and squeezed them together provide the deep, dark canyon of cleavage that she displayed with such pride.

"New blood, Garth?" Dargeth asked appreciatively, nodding in Topaz' direction.

Garth called the barkeep over and asked about the serving wench, new to his employee.

"I had to hire someone," the barkeep began. "It gets too busy in here for me to handle alone. She does her job well and the customers seem to like her."

A roar of laughter erupted as Topaz poured a full jack of ale over the head of a too forward customer.

"That could be trouble," Garth said, about to rise.

Topaz defused the situation by planting a load, wet kiss on the customer's bald pate, then spinning out of his reach.

"How much are we paying her?" Jarveena asked. "Double it," she said when told the girl's wage.

As the evening became night, first Gavin retired, then Garth, arm in arm with Jarveena and Moira, went upstairs.

Dargeth remained in the common room, drinking ale, and watching Topaz. When the girl slipped upstairs, Dargeth followed.

Gavin sat on his bed, alone with his desire for Robyn's gentle touch. He was unable to sleep for worry over what was to happen. At last he lay back, looking up at the flaking plaster of the ceiling. The room became engulfed in a pale, blue-white light. The light grew from a place in the corner of the room, becoming brighter as seconds passed. It began to take a shape.

"Robyn?" Gavin gasped as the beautiful apparition stepped from the brilliance and stood at the foot of the bed. "Is it you? Is this your spirit? Are you. . .?"

"No, Gavin, my love, Brianna's soul keeps my body well, and I was able to conjure sufficient magic to visit you this way."

She approached the bed and sat beside Gavin. Her hand caressed his. Her touch was at once cool, but with the warmth of love. "I have a corporeal presence, my love," Robyn's voice was soft and musical. "I want to make love with you," Robyn said, slipping into bed with Gavin.

As she moved, her clothing vanished, leaving her naked to Gavin's hungry stare.

His arms went around her as Gavin drew her to him and kissed her with a blazing desire and over whelming hunger.

Their lips met in a searing kiss, filled with love, lust, passion and longing.

Robyn untied Gavin's sash and his robe fell open. She smiled when she saw he was hard and ready. "You want me as much as I want you," her voice now sultry with desire.

"I've missed you," Gavin sighed, "I've missed you so very much."

Robyn leaned down and kissed the dark head of Gavin's erect cock, then moved her leg over him. Robyn's soft pussy hair brushed the rigid shaft as she remained poised over Gavin's eager cock.

The Stygian groaned in anticipation as his hands moved over Robyn's silky thighs to come to rest on the firm cheeks of her ass.

Slowly, Robyn lowered herself onto Gavin's waiting cock.

The heat of Robyn's cunt slid slowly over Gavin's erection. He could feel the wet furnace engulf it, drawing him deeper and deeper into his loves body.

Robyn leaned forward, her breasts caressing Gavin's face, their dark nipples firm as the wizard kissed and suckled them.

Robyn sighed as her hips began to move.

Their bodies moved together, Gavin thrusting upward; Robyn meeting his thrust and driving her hot, wet pussy down until her ass cheeks slapped against his thighs.

"I love you so much, my wizard," the Elvish Princess murmured, her inner muscles clutching Gavin's rigid cock.

Gavin took Robyn's breasts in his hands, caressing them, feeling the nipples stiff against his palms. "My love, my soul mate, I love you more than life itself." His voice was soft and sad, "without you there IS no life."

Robyn's soft lips covered his, silencing him. Her tongue darted into Gavin's mouth, playing with his tongue as they shared a deep, loving kiss.

Words were replaced by sighs, by moans of pleasure and the wet sounds of their bodies. As they moved faster and faster, each of them approached climax, their orgasms building within them. Their mouths were sealed together as were their loins and together they teetered on the brink.

With a savage groan, Gavin thrust his cock deep into Robyn's cunt as his balls spasmed. Hot semen erupted from his pulsating cock, filling Robyn's hungry pussy.

As she felt Gavin's seed pouring into her, Robyn, too, went over the edge. Her body quaked and trembled as her own juices washed over her lovers pounding cock.

The nectar of their love filled Robyn's cunt, flooding it, and flowing out to puddle on Gavin's belly.

As Gavin's cock began to deflate and slipped from her body, Robyn moved down Gavin's legs and lowered her mouth to the pool of their elixir that on Gavin's belly. Like a cat drinking from a dish of cream, she licked it up. She savored each drop, letting it slide smoothly over her tongue.

Gavin looked at his woman, meeting her eyes and seeing the love she felt for him. He drew her to him and kissed her, lovingly, deeply, tasting the flavor of their love on Robyn's lips and tongue.

"Gavin, my love," Robyn breathed softly, "my time grows short, for I cannot sustain this spell much longer. Trust the sorceress called Moira, for she is both powerful and loyal. She will be a good friend – to both of us."

Gavin's arms slid around Robyn's waist drawing her to him.

"I must leave you for now, my love, for I feel the spell decaying. I will be back when my strength is restored." Robyn leaned down and kissed Gavin. "For now, farewell, know that I love you."

"I love you," Gavin whispered as Robyn's image faded, "I love you."

The wizard was again alone in his room. His thoughts were jumbled and confused. Had it been a dream? He looked around and saw the tangled bed clothes, the red marks made by Robyn's fingernails as she dragged them across his shoulders.

She HAD been here. Gavin's courage and resolve were renewed. He would be able to sleep.

In the large room down the hall Garth lay between Jarveena and Moira. They could hear the sounds of passion from Gavin's room.

"Is he not alone?" Jarveena wondered, her fingers drifting down Garth's hard belly.

"Perhaps he dreams of her," Garth suggested.

"Robyn has visited him," Moira announced quietly, her own fingers moving over Garth, only to discover when she reached the sellswords massive cock, that Jarveena's hand was already wrapped around the shaft and was moving slowly up and down.

"I felt her mind, briefly touch mine," Moira went on, her hand now fondling Garth's balls. 

"Why would she touch your mind?" Garth asked, relaxing under the tender ministrations of the two women.

"To judge my mind and heart," Moira said, her fingers manipulating Garth's large balls. "She needed to know if I am friend or foe. She knows, now, that I am friend." The sorceress lowered her lips to Garth's swollen cock head.

With Jarveena's tongue flicking over his balls, and Moira's lips slowly slipping down his cock, Garth groaned and leaned back to enjoy the pleasure these two passionate women were giving him.

Jarveena sucked Garth's balls into her mouth and caressed them with her tongue.

Slowly, Moira let her lips move down Garth's cock, sucking the massive shaft into her throat, her tongue pressing the large vein that ran beneath the shaft.

After some moments, t he women traded places; Moira licking and sucking Garth's filling balls, while Jarveena's head moved up and down, her lips slipping over Garth's shaft, letting the bulbous head lodge in her throat.

Garth watched as his cock disappeared into Jarveena's mouth, only to reappear glistening with her saliva.

Moira moved from Garth's balls to rest her head on Jarveena's thigh, brining her mouth to Jarveena's wet cunt lips. The sorceress slid her tongue the entire length of Jarveena's wet slit, drawing a moan of pleasure from the woman, muffled as it was by Garth's cock in her mouth.

Moving with deliberate haste, the trio shifted positions to bring Moira's pussy to Garth's mouth, while keeping Jarveena's mouth and cunt in place.

All three would now be in position to give and receive pleasure among them.

Moira was the first to cum – her juices flowing over Garth's tongue – her body quaking as her cunt spasmed against Garth's hungry mouth.

Jarveena followed suit, her body captured by the power and intensity of her climax, she drove her head down, swallowing Garth's cock as her fingers fondled and caressed his full, aching balls.

Garth thrust his hips upward as his balls spasmed. His cock erupted pouring his hot seed pouring into Jarveena's, waiting, mouth.

Moira released Jarveena's cunt and both women shared the pearly bounty from Garth's spewing cock.

The women licked and sucked and kissed as Garth's semen pulsed from his throbbing cock. They took turns sucking and stroking Garth's erection until he was milked dry and his rigid prick began to deflate.

Jarveena and Moira then let their mouths travel, their tongues and lips harvesting the thick dollops of cum from Garth's cock and balls as well as each others belly, lips and breasts.

Their passion sated (for the time being) the three of them fell into a sound sleep, in a tangle of bodies and limbs.

In the hall outside, Topaz was growing more and more excited by the sounds she heard and the erotic images called up by her imagination. She slipped her hand beneath her skirt and drove her fingers into her dripping cunt. Her thumb pressed and tormented her swollen clit. She needed relief, badly, and her fingers were going to have to do the job.

"Lass, ye need more than fingers," a deep harsh voice said from across the hall.

Topaz quickly stopped and pulled her hand from beneath her skirt. As she turned she saw Dargeth leaning against the door of a vacant room. He was displaying the biggest cock Topaz had ever seen. It was almost as long as her forearm, and greater than that in girth.

"Come inside," Dargeth invited, "and let me tend that hot itch."

Topaz, spellbound by the size of Dargeth's erection, followed him into the room.

"Strip and lay face down on the bed, Lass," Dargeth ordered as he bolted the door.

Topaz obeyed at once, Her blouse and skirt were tossed aside as she lay down and raised her hips, presenting her cunt and ass for Dargeth's use.

Dargeth climbed onto the bed and moved to kneel in front of Topaz. "First, let's see how well ye can suck this mighty log." He placed the dark, fist sized knob on Topaz' lips.

It was not easy, but Topaz managed to stretch her mouth enough to admit the huge cock head. Her tongue pressed the underside as she felt the thick shaft sliding into her mouth.

With effort, Topaz was able to suppress her gag reflex enough to let Dargeth's cock head enter her throat.

"Now suck it, Lassie," Dargeth growled as he held Topaz' head and began fucking her mouth with savage, merciless strokes.

Even though she was almost choking on the massive organ, Topaz was becoming more and more sexually aroused as the dwarf's cock pumped into her throat. She reached down and found Dargeth's heavy balls, feeling them fill and grow tight as she fondled them.

The dwarf was grunting like an animal as he thrust his cock into Topaz' hungry mouth. His balls were tight, full, and aching for release. It had been a long time since Dargeth had enjoyed the pleasure and skills of a wanton.

Topaz had sucked enough cocks to know when a man was about to cum. "What," she wondered to herself, "would dwarf cum taste like?"

With a roar, Dargeth felt his cock erupt in Topaz' sucking mouth, pouring his first load of semen down her spasming throat.

The woman fought to swallow all that Dargeth gave her, tasting his hot thick semen as it ran over her tongue filling her sucking mouth until thin strings of pearly cum escaped her stretched lips.

Dargeth pulled her face from his cock and moved behind her. His powerful hands grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them apart. He moved his glistening, and still hard cock, up back and forth between Topaz' hot ass cheeks.

"Grab my cock, Lass," Dargeth ordered, "and put it in your cunt." 

Topaz did as she was told. Her hands encircled the thick shaft and put it to the dripping lips of her hot, hungry, pussy.

Dargeth's hands held Topaz' ass cheeks as he drove is cock into her with a single, powerful, stroke.

Topaz gasped as her cunt was stretched to accommodate Dargeth's huge cock. The air was driven from her lungs and her body was pressed down into the bed.

Their bodies moved with a harsh rhythm as Dargeth pounded his cock into Topaz with a ferocity that the woman had never felt before.

Topaz felt Dargeth's heavy balls slap against her swollen clitoris as he slammed his cock into her harder and harder. The thick shaft stretched the walls of Topaz' cunt and the bulbous head struck the mouth of her womb with each thrust. Topaz reached down and found her clitoris. She began slapping it lightly with her fingers, The alternate sensation of her clitoris being stimulated by Dargeth's balls, then her own fingers, slapping the sensitive nib, soon had Topaz teetering on the edge.
