 Sellsword 6 – The Dragon Lord

This story was previously posted on a site that is no longer fully functional



With the Dragon Dancers and their mother slain, Garth, Jarveena and Hawk rode slowly back to Kaladur. Little was said among them as they traveled – each was deep in their own thoughts.

“Grieve not, Jarveena.” The words entered Jarveena’s mind, as clear as if they had been spoken. “I will be with you as long as you carry the dagger.” 

“Quinn!” Jarveena said, her voice soft but hopeful. She looked about and was relieved that neither of her companions had heard her. “We will never know what could have been, Jarveena, but you must always remember what was.”

Vivid images swept before her mind's eye, images of Quinn thrusting into her with a wild, almost savage, abandon. Sex magic he had called it – and it was truly magical. “Yes,” she said to herself, “I will always remember.” 

Garth slowed to allow Jarveena to get beside him. “We’re going to have to do something about this Dragon Lord. You know that don’t you?” he asked. 

“We’ll need more strength than we have now though,” Jarveena responded. “Even with the sword and the bow, we’re but three - and none of us with any magical abilities.”

They reached the Longsword Inn by dusk of the third day. After food and ale, the companions retired to their rooms.

“You’re in love with Quinn aren’t you?” Garth asked quietly as he pulled his boots off.

“I don’t know,” Jarveena replied, slowly unlacing her shirt. “He affected me, when we were together it was magical. Sex with him was unlike anything I’ve ever felt before.”

“Well,” Garth said, “with his essence caught in that dagger. . . “ his voice trailed off.

Jarveena stood before him, her feet apart, her shirt undone and her fists upon her hips. “Look at me, you big ox!” she demanded. Garth looked up.

“I’m your woman, you stubborn mule! I’ve been your woman since the day you took me from the Duke’s household, and I’ll be your woman until you send me away, or I die.” Her beautiful face was flushed and her proud breasts heaved.

Garth’s face took on a sheepish look.

“You big ox,” Jarveena said, tenderly. She knelt before him and placed her palms on his hard, muscular thighs. “You and I are two of a kind,” her voice was soft and gentle. “I’m as promiscuous as an Elvish queen, and you’d fuck a rock pile is there was a female snake under it.” 

Garth couldn’t help but grin, “’T’would have to be a comely snake though.” 

“When all is said and done,” Jarveena said softly, “we come back to each other, because that’s where we both belong.” Her nimble fingers began loosening Garth’s breeches. “Now let me show you how I feel about you.” 

Garth sighed as Jarveena freed his rapidly swelling cock and gently caressed it.

She leaned forward and exhaled on Garth’s cock head - drawing a deep groan from his throat. Jarveena formed her soft, moist lips into an “O” and lowered them to the waiting head of Garth’s now fully erect cock. Garth thrust his hips forward as he felt Jarveena’s mouth suck him inside, her tongue pressing the large vein as her lips nibbled their way down his raging shaft, until the head was lodged at the top of Jarveena’s throat. Gently fondling Garth’s hairy balls, Jarveena swallowed his cock head. Garth reacted with a groan of pure animal lust as he grabbed Jarveena’s hair and began thrusting his cock in and out of her willing mouth. As Garth fucked her mouth, Jarveena struggled to push her tights down her legs and kick them off. She then pulled Garth’s breeches down and returned to fondling and caressing his, quickly filling, balls. She pulled her head back, releasing Garth’s cock. “Fuck me, Garth, fuck me,” she pleaded, raising up and straddling his lap.

Her cunt was poised above Garth’s dark cock head, her wet lips moving back and forth, wetting the swollen knob as she reached down and tightly gripped the pulsating shaft. With a loud moan, Jarveena impaled herself on Garth’s cock, feeling the rigid tower of meat stretch her cunt as it slid deep inside her.

Garth threw back his head and groaned as he felt Jarveena’s cunt lips swell and tighten around him.

Their bodies moved in unison, each meeting the others motion, giving, taking, thrusting, yielding.

Jarveena lowered her mouth to Garth’s and they kissed with a blazing passion as their desire blazed within them.

The warrior’s big hands came up and began kneading Jarveena’s firm, warm breasts. His thumbs teasing her already erect nipples. Jarveena leaned forward and pushed Garth back, flat on the bed. Her thighs clutched his torso as she moved up and down his raging cock. Garth reached down and grabbed Jarveena’s ass cheeks, squeezing them as he directed the tempo of their movement. Animal grunts escaped his throat as Garth thrust his cock deep into Jarveena’s hungry cunt - harder and faster with each stroke.

The wet sounds of fucking and moans of ecstasy filled the small room as Garth and Jarveena rapidly approached their peak. Jarveena’s swollen cunt lips gripped Garth’s rampaging cock. Garth’s balls filled and ached for release, his powerful hands squeezing and kneading Jarveena’s quivering ass cheeks. Throwing her head from side to side, Jarveena’s long hair whipped over Garth’s chest. She could feel herself tumbling over the peak, her hot juices washing over Garth’s pounding cock.

With a roar, Garth thrust himself deep inside Jarveena’s spasming cunt. He could feel his cock pulsating as his balls emptied into his throbbing shaft. His seed erupted into Jarveena’s cunt - hot and thick - filling, then flooding Jarveena’s hungry pussy, until their fluids joined and flowed from her cunt to pool on Garth’s belly. Their orgasms continued, wave after incredible wave of ecstasy washing over and through their sweat drenched bodies. Muscles coiling and relaxing, nerve endings a-tingle they came and came. Jarveena ground her cunt over Garth’s erupting cock. Her eager pussy milking every pearly drop from him, until he was spent and his cock slowly began to deflate.

“Does that show you how I feel toward you, you oaf?” Jarveena whispered, slipping down Garth’s legs to, once more, kneel on the floor. She lowered her lips to the puddle of thick nectar that had poured from her cunt and began to lick it up, savoring each and every drop. Garth lifted Jarveena onto the bed and pressed his mouth to hers.

Their kiss was one of passion and satisfied desire. Garth could taste their juices on her lips and tongue as their mouths slid together, lips parted, tongues playing and dancing. When, at last, they broke their kiss, the two lovers lay there, letting their breathing return to normal.

Jarveena spoke first, “Do you understand now, Garth. I’ll always be your woman, as you’re my man.”

The sellsword looked into his woman’s eyes, seeing in them the depth of her feeling for him. “I understand,” he said softly. The next morning, as Garth and Jarveena sat with Hawk, the topic of conversation was the Dragon Lord and what, if anything, they would do about him.

“I’m loath to meddle in the affairs of dragons,” Hawk said, “Elf flesh is particularly tasty to their kind.”

“If Iraekiira was the only one that knew the whereabouts of the gate, then there will be no need for us to intervene,” Garth commented. Jarveena shook her head. “Quinn knew where it is, as did Sheldon, the mage. If there were three, there will be others.” Her jaw was firm. “We must do something to prevent his return to this plane.” “There are but three of us,” Hawk reminded her. “And none of us a mage.” As Hawk said this, two people entered the inn. The man was huge, bigger even than Garth. He was clad in chainmail and wore the look of a northerner. His companion was much smaller and slender, clad in a concealing cloak and cowl. They approached the bar and spoke in hushed tones to the innkeeper.

The innkeeper, sweeping some gold coins from the bar, inclined his head toward the table where sat Garth, Jarveena and Hawk. “This may be trouble,” Hawk whispered, dropping his hand to his sword hilt. Garth, his hand resting on Soulcatcher’s hilt, watched the newcomers very carefully.

“The small one is a woman,” Jarveena observed, whispering in Garth’s ear. “We understand you are acquainted with Sheldon of Tarsk,” the blond northman said – more a statement than a question. “We know something of him,” Garth responded in a hard, level voice, “not that it’s any of your affair.”

“Mercenary DOG!” the big man shouted, starting to draw his sword. “Do you know who you’re insulting?”

Garth had been waiting for that move – with a mighty push of his legs, he sent the heavy oak table slamming into the northman’s legs, putting him off balance for just long enough. Garth drew Soulcatcher, and leaped to his feet.

To Garth’s left, Hawk was on his feet, sword drawn and leveled. To Garth’s right, Jarveena was drawing the Hart Bow, the arrowhead pointed at the strangers chest.

“It would be my guess that I’m insulting a dead man.” Garth said, a hard edge to his voice.

“’Tis three against me,” the northman said, his grip still firm on his sword. “Is your courage that of numbers?”

Garth smiled, recognizing courage when he saw it. “Were it but you and I, it would still be an unfair fight. Look at the blade of my sword.” The northman looked at the pulsing, black blade of Soulcatcher, he heard it’s hungry moan and knew at once that this was a brand of mighty enchantment. He let his own sword slip back into its scabbard. “Please forgive my bodyguard,” the cloaked stranger spoke. The voice was soft and decidedly female. “He is, at times, overly protective.” The stranger pushed back her cowl to reveal a face of striking beauty. Chestnut hair framed a fair complexioned face. Gray eyes shone above a straight nose, her voice came from softly ruby lips. “I am Moira, daughter of Sheldon, this is Wulf, my bodyguard. What do you know of my father?”

Garth motioned for the pair to be seated and ordered mead for them before telling Moira what he knew.

“I fear your father is dead, Moira. An Orcish raiding party attacked and destroyed his caravan – there were no survivors.” When Moira had regained her composure, she looked at Garth through tear clouded eyes, “Do you know anything of his purpose, his reason for being in that caravan?”

Jarveena responded, “He was to meet and join forces with the Druid, Quinn. 

It was their joint purpose to prevent the return of the Dragon Lord.” Jarveena took a deep breath, “Quinn, too, was killed. Those who sought the return of the Dragon Lord were also slain, by Quinn and Garth.” Jarveena went on to relate what transpired during the encounter with the sorceress Iraekiira and her daughters.

“What became of my father’s scroll?” Moira asked. “Quinn gave it over to me for safekeeping,” Jarveena replied, not noticing Garth’s look of caution that she may be telling too much. Moira exchanged looks with her bodyguard.

“Would it be possible for me to see it?” the wizards daughter asked, her voice almost pleading.

Garth nodded his agreement to Jarveena.

“I’ll bring it to you,” Jarveena rose from the table. “Please, wait here.” In a few minutes, Jarveena returned with the scroll. “Quinn cautioned me not to read these runes,” she said, placing the bound scroll on the table. Moira’s hands trembled as she slipped the leather binding from the parchment and slowly unrolled it. Her eyes grew wide when she recognized her father’s hand. “This is the scroll he told me of, the scroll that will damn the Dragon Lord for all time.” She rolled the parchment back up and retied the leather band. “Since Quinn entrusted this to you, you should keep it - at least for the time being.”

High in the Kaladur Pass, a magical gate vibrated. Deep in the Realm of the Dead, a strange feeling of dread passed over the sleeping Dragon Lord. Slowly, he raised his head, “the scroll still exists. Soon they will be coming to destroy me. Let them come.” His mouth bore what passed for a grin. “I will be ready for them.”

The great head lowered once more, the yellow eyes closing as the Dragon Lord returned to his slumber.

“Your father would have to have been a Master wizard,” Garth commented, “his spell bespeaks considerable power.”

Moira nodded, “He was, in fact a Grand Master. I was his pupil as well as his daughter – I am a Hazard Class mage.”

“Then you could cast his spell, but not conjure it,” Jarveena observed.

“Exactly,” Moira confirmed.

“What can you tell us of this Dragon Lord?” Garth asked, signaling for ale all around.

Moira looked at Garth, her eyes appraising him. “Centuries ago,” she began, “a powerful wizard called Toth wove a spell of enormous power. It summoned to him the power of a dragon to be absorbed into the body of the mage.” Moira paused, “Imagine the magical abilities of a dragon added to the immense power of a Grand Master wizard. But the spell went wrong. It went farther than Toth intended. The dragon was completely absorbed into Toth’s corporeal being. He and the dragon became as one. He was now both man and dragon.” Moira fell silent and sipped her ale. The importance of what she was relating was not lost on her companions. “It took many generations,” Moira continued, “for Toth and the dragon to reach an – accommodation.”

“What sort of accommodation?” Garth asked.

“Which of them would appear and when?” Hawk asked. Moira nodded, “Once he and the dragon had melded, Toth, now calling himself The Dragon Lord, conquered the land from the Kaladur Pass, to the sea and as far south as Kal-sorak. Aided by his army of abominations, he ruled the land, laying it waste, until he was thrown down and damned to the Realm of the Dead.”

Jarveena felt something stir deep within her soul, “Who threw him down?”

“My grandfather and a Druid priest,” Moira responded.

Jarveena knew the answer to her next question, even before she asked it. 

“Quinn?”

Moira simply nodded.

Images flooded Jarveena’s mind. Quinn, her fingers tangled in his white hair. Quinn, his kiss searing her soul. Quinn, lifting her onto his rigid cock. Quinn, the passion and fire of his love making as he thrust his powerful cock into her harder and harder. Quinn, the magical intensity of his orgasm and the equally magical intensity of her own. All these memories flowed through Jarveena’s mind as she spoke. “How can that be?” she asked. “He was old when we were together, but the Dragon Lord was damned centuries ago.”

Moira shrugged, “The ways of Druids are unknown to me, as is their magic.” Shaken, Jarveena excused herself and went up to her room, clutching the scroll to her chest.

“Is she ill?” Moira asked.

“She and the Druid were – close – this news has effected her.” Garth watched Jarveena walking up the stairs. “She’ll be fine.” His heart was less certain than his voice.

Once inside the room she and Garth shared, Jarveena bolted the door and stripped off her clothing. “Quinn,” she asked the empty room, “how have you enchanted me?”

She stretched out on the bed and began massaging her breasts. Her nipples, already starting to stiffen, grew fully erect under her demanding fingers. She closed her eyes and saw Quinn before her. His craggy face, his impossibly blue eyes, his slight smile as he hovered over her.

Her fingers moved downward, lingering over her taught belly before slipping lower to find the top of her thighs and the wet cleft that dwelt between them. A sigh escaped Jarveena’s parted lips as she found, and began stroking, her clitoris. Beneath her skilled fingers, the nub of flesh throbbed and grew. Her cunt lips began to swell as her juices flowed freely. One at a time, her fingers delved into her dripping cunt. Four fingers moved wetly in and out of her tight, hot pussy. She could feel Quinn’s cock pounding into her, stretching her cunt with its girth. She threw her head from side to side as she drew closer and closer to orgasm. Her fingers moving faster and faster, glistening with her thick, hot fluid.

Jarveena moaned, loudly, as she came, her cum flowing like a river, covering her fingers as her cunt spasmed around them. As she lay there, gasping for breath, her eyes fell on Iraekiira’s dagger. “Quinn, come to me,” she gasped, reaching for the weapon and thrusting the pommel deep into her flaming cunt.

“I’m here, Jarveena.”

It was Quinn’s voice, in her ears, not in her mind. Jarveena’s eyes snapped open and she saw him standing at the foot of the bed. “Quinn? But how?” she stammered, releasing the dagger. “You called to me, with passion and desire. I could do naught but come to you as you asked.” His eyes sparkled with life, his craggy face split by his smile. He was naked, and his cock stood rigid and ready. Jarveena held her arms out to him, her legs spread in invitation, “Come to me. Make love to me,” she pleaded.

Quinn knelt between her legs and gently removed the dagger handle from her pussy. He leaned forward and began to lick and kiss the swollen lips of her furnace like cunt.

Jarveena thrust her hips upward, pressing her steaming pussy to Quinn’s mouth. Her hands went to his head, her fingers winding into his snow white hair as she pulled him still tighter to her dripping cunt lips. Quinn’s tongue moved up and down Jarveena’s wet slit, lingering over her throbbing clitoris before slipping inside. His hands gripped her quivering ass cheeks, holding her to his mouth.

Jarveena’s orgasm was almost immediate, her pussy spasming, her juices flowing as the Druid devoured every drop.

No words passed between them as Quinn moved up to cover Jarveena’s sweat covered body with his. His rigid cock brushed against her hungry cunt, the soft, wet hair of her pussy gently stroking Quinn’s swollen cock head. Their mouths met in a searing kiss as Quinn drove his massive cock deep into Jarveena’s eager cunt, stretching her as the full length of him slid into her.

A gasp of pleasure escaped Jarveena’s lips as Quinn began pumping his cock in and out of her. Her legs wrapped about Quinn’s waist as she lifted her hips to meet his savagely thrusting cock.

The Druid’s hands moved over Jarveena’s body, kneading her heaving breasts, twisting and pulling her erect nipples. Jarveena’s fingernails dug into Quinn’s shoulders as the heat of her passion grew and grew. Driven by Quinn’s pounding cock, Jarveena drew closer and closer to climax. Ecstasy overwhelmed her as every muscle in her body grew taut, then released in a torrent of sensation as she came. Moans and cries of pleasure filled the room as Jarveena’s cunt clutched Quinn’s raging hard on, holding him within her steaming pussy as her orgasm washed over and through her. Still, Quinn’s cock thrust into her, filling her and bringing her to the brink again. As she teetered on the edge once more, Jarveena felt Quinn’s cock swelling, throbbing, she knew that he too was about to erupt.

With mingled groans and animal grunts, the two lovers climaxed as one. Quinn’s balls spasmed as his cock exploded, pouring hot semen into Jarveena’s eager cunt.

Jarveena, her legs tightly locked about Quinn’s waist, thrust her hip upward. She felt Quinn’s balls slapping against her ass as her orgasm enveloped and consumed her.

Their desire satisfied, the two rolled apart. Quinn, lying beside Jarveena, his fingers gently stroking her sweating brow. “Jarveena, you must remember what I am about to tell you,” the Druid whispered. “It will mean the difference between life and death when you meet the Dragon Lord.”

Jarveena rolled onto her side and looked at the ancient face of the man she had just made love with. Her eyes filled with puzzlement. “Toth Arkenath. You must remember this name exactly,” Quinn urged. “Repeat it back to me.”

Jarveena did as he asked.

“Again,” Quinn demanded.

When the Druid was satisfied that Jarveena knew the strange words, he relented.
