 -1-

The dream was yummy ... Jeff Adamson squirmed in his sleep as his cock was engulfed in wet warmth. Rigidity. Motion. Fucking. Tension. Building. Near eruption! Oh god, he was going to come! Jeff gasped himself awake as his brain struggled with the sensations. Had he wet himself? He was over fifty and had done that a couple times lately. No- something felt... attached? Something was on his legs and moving! Ohmygod! There was something under the covers! He jerked beck and flung the covers to find... his wife?

Mary was between his legs, looking at him quizzically, like he was the crazy one. As Jeff's heartbeat settled and he looked at her as she smiled and went back to sucking on his somewhat softened cock. Her flannel nightgown was twisted around her and her short grey hair was blocking most of his view, but he still felt her sucking and nuzzling his shrunken cock. Damn, here he was getting his first blow job in almost fifty years and his tool was on a different page.

Jeff stroked Mary's hair and caressed her cheek. She kept her mouth full and shifted her head to rub his hand, and he felt himself re-inflate heartbeat by heartbeat. She hummed in delight and the sensations helped harden his pecker. Soon, she was moving her head gently up and down, moving sideways, licking and sucking, kissing his balls, and generally driving him mad. He tapped her on the shoulder and warned her he was close which seemed to spur her on. She sealed her lips tightly on him, lightly tossed his balls, and began to jack him off with her mouth until he popped a dribble of stuff into her mouth. He laid back both amazed at the sensations and a bit embarrassed at his own performance.

Mary shifted to lay beside him with her head on his chest and they rested together for a long moment. "I love you" Mary murmured. "And your sperm love you too." With that, she slipped soundly asleep.

-2-

The next morning, Jeff woke to the smell of coffee and bacon instead of his alarm clock and Mary getting ready for work. 'Maybe I've died and gone to heaven?' he thought as he slipped on his robe and hit the toilet.

Mary caught him as he left the bathroom and gave him a big kiss and led him to the table where a breakfast fit for a king awaited him. Banana nut pancakes, sausage, juice, coffee, and fresh fruit. Mary had not cooked a breakfast like this since a vacation years ago with the kids in a cabin in Minnesota. As he ate, she stood in the corner, sipped her coffee, and watched with a soft smile-almost... an 'adoring' smile? They chatted as he ate- mostly her asking him about his plans for the day, asking if he can call in, asking if he wanted more sausage, or maybe some eggs? Her subservient tone bothered him a little. He kept asking if she was OK and she almost always replied with a dreamy sigh or a drawn-out 'yes'. Weird.

Jeff tried to take his dishes to the kitchen, but she snatched them from him with a quick 'Oh no, that's my job!' so he let her take care of that and went for his shower. Just before he started to shampoo, she was in there behind him, naked, and was massaging his hair. "This is my job, love. Let me do it for you. OK, lean over and I'll rinse you out." She suited her actions to her words, then grabbed the loofah and began to lather him up.

"Can I shave, or do you want to do that, too?" He asked, not sure if he was joking or irritated.

"Hmmm, you go ahead this time. I'll wash the rest of you. Next time, though, I'll shave you. OK?" She was so dang chipper as she said these outlandish things!

He tried to shave, but it got tricky as she took special care washing his cock and balls. He offered to wash her- he was feeling frisky by now, but Mary declined and pushed him out of the shower and grabbed the fluffy towel she laid out to dry him off.

"OK, what in the hell is going on here, Mary? Why are you being so nice to me? I love it, but- what? Is it some sort of game?" He got dressed in record time with her help.

Mary replied "No, of course not." She handed him his laptop bag and kissed him at the door. "I just love you, and your sperm love you too." She closed the door before he really heard the last part. What the hell did she just say again?

Work went OK. A few phone calls and cute text messages from Mary helped brighten his day, but he was glad to be heading home. 'What in the hell had she said about my sperm?' kept rolling through his mind.

He opened the door, and checked the address to make sure it was the right house. The place was sparkling clean and fresh smelling. New flowers, candles, an ice cold drink resting where he put his laptop bag. He hung his coat and saw the little note. It just said 'Bedroom' with a smiley face on it. He threw back the drink and went to the bedroom.

It was pretty dark in the room- blinds drawn and lights off. He started to flick the switch on when a small light suddenly flared up- Mary had lit a lighter and was lighting some small candles. The gathering light showed that the room was filled with candles, and other things. Soft music was playing in the background and the air was fragrant with some spicy scent. Mary was wearing the negligee he bought her from Victoria's Secret years before- the one she wore once to be nice and never since. She was a bit older than he was, slender to his bulk, thin and trim. Her breasts were never large, but had faded more between age, long walks, and four children. Her abdomen was marked with a couple of surgical scars, and she tended towards angular boniness, but he loved her anyway.

Jeff lost his clothes and fell into bed with her- they had not had an 'afternoon delight' since the early eighties, before their first child was born! For that matter, sex of any sort had become rare as Jeff became more self-conscious of his excessive weight and lack of physique- especially as Mary was doing things to get herself fitter and fitter over the last couple years. He also blamed his blood pressure meds on his lack of overall sexual interest.

None of that mattered now. Mary kissed and caressed him, stroking his body and ego to full erection. She rolled on top of him and made tender love to him as he played with her nipples. He felt her have two amazing quick and shivery orgasms and felt himself building up. Suddenly, she flipped off him and took him in her mouth as he burst forth with a few solid blasts. She carefully licked him clean and lay back on him, head on his chest again. "Ummmm, you make us so happy, Jeffy-honey" she purred softly.

"Us?" Jeff was confused as he was weirded-out. Was his wife of almost thirty years stoned? He tried to ask her what was going on, but she was already sashaying to the kitchen to work on supper pulling on a robe as she moved. By the time Jeff got cleaned up and dressed, he found her in the dining room dressed in what he considered her 'playful' clothes. Mary was not much for sexy clothing, even in her younger years, but Jeff loved the soft pastel fabrics she wore around the house sometimes. They draped around her bottom and the shorts showed off her nice legs. Her 'soft' look was a stark contrast to the professional garb she wore to the office.

It was especially nice as she set the table wiggling her bottom at him. He stroked her lovingly as he settled in his place. The dinner was great, the conversation was witty and engaging, and the looks in her eyes were adoring. There was no doubt about it- she hung on his every word, and leapt to take care of his every need. Jeff loved it, but it was making him a bit nervous. What the hell is going on?

They watched TV and she cuddled beside him. They had long ago settled into a routine of her working on their stuff on their laptops on separate snack tables in the living room with some mindless show on the tube that they both ignored. Tonight, however, she was cuddling right beside him, her laptop nowhere to be seen and she plugged in a DVD they had not watched in a long time. It was one of those that offered plenty of action and a little very soft porn that he enjoyed and she usually barely tolerated. For a while, he fiddled with his laptop, but after a while longer he was more interested in her fiddling with his crotch. He could not see what she was doing under the light blanket she had tossed over them, but it felt nice.

After a bit he shoved the laptop table away and just watched the movie with her, noticing that every time there was an explosion on-screen, she squeezed him. Every time there was a kiss, she jiggled his balls, and during chase scenes, she stroked him long, like she was retracing the chase on his shaft. He wondered what would happen during the upcoming sex scene! He was hard and throbbing- more aroused than he had been in years- when the sex scene came on and she shifted position to lightly kiss and lick him- but every time he started to climax, she backed off and held his cock tightly until it passed. By the time the scene was over, he had a horrible case of blue balls and was trying to rub himself against her. She kissed him fervently and held him until it throbbed itself to limpness. One final kiss and she bounced up to get some popcorn to eat during a comedy that she laughed uproariously at, all the while avoiding his grasp.

What the hell was going on here, Jeff wondered. A series of blow-jobs and sex- then this? His crotch ached with pressure, and her tendency to wiggle on him, or to stroke his stomach just made it worse. He tried to tell her to finish him off, but could not think of a way that did not sound selfish or mean. He tried to masturbate her, but she just gently redirected his hands to 'safer' body parts.

At one funny scene, Jeff tickled her, and the dam broke. She rolled away and he rolled after her onto the floor and tickled every part of her he could remember that was ticklish- waist, behind the knees, just above the belly button, neck... She fought back, but he was never as ticklish as she was so he was winning. He blew a giant raspberry on a soft breast, then her neck, then they were kissing, then he was on top of her, then she pushed him off- panting heavily.

"Whew, Jeffy honey, we... we need to back off. No sex for you tonight, but I promise we will make it up to you tomorrow, OK?" We? Again? My arousal factor crashed, and she saw my expression. "It's for your own good, believe me. Save yourself until tomorrow night, and you'll have a wonderful time, OK?" he felt a flush of trust and warmth flow over me, and agreed.

They cuddled the rest of the night and in bed, and he slept like a log. He had vague memories of some odd dreams, but brushed them off in the swirl of the morning routine- another breakfast for royalty, another day at work enlivened by her texts and emails. His balls ached and felt swollen all day, but it felt like a 'good ache' somehow. Jeff's energy was up, and he felt sharper all day, even his boss noticed. At home it was another evening of a great dinner, cuddling, conversation and TV.

When he entered the bedroom, the room was lightly scented and lit by a dozen candles, and there was a bottle of something in a bucket of ice beside the bed. She was laying under the covers smiling at him. She suggested he pour and he popped the cork off of what turned out to be sparkling grape juice? They sipped a loving toast, and she took a mouthful and gave him a fizzy kiss. Her skin was so soft, and she smelled so good. In the gentle light, she even looked younger.

She saw him looking and smiled. "Finally I can tell you! I've been keeping it a secret for weeks now, and I thought I would burst! You are going to love this!" She was almost giggling, and he was standing there, mostly naked, trying to figure out what was going on. "It's kind of a long story, but the short version is that your sperm love you." There was that phrase again!

"What do you mean 'my sperm love me'? Are you OK, Mary?" He was getting nervous and concerned. She stroked him gently and had him sit on the bed. Her hands were warm and soft... so much softer than they had been even a few days ago.

"Your sperm is sort of a colony of intelligent creatures, sort of a hive brain. In the last couple of days, they have been building up in larger and larger numbers, and they finally are smart enough to really help you." Jeff was stunned- his wife had lost her mind- but the ache in his balls seemed to somehow reassure him that everything was OK, to keep listening.

Jeff learned that his sperm has been sentient for a few years now- for reasons Mary was not sure about, but that his health and medications were keeping their numbers too low to accomplish much. They had been quietly infecting Mary for months- little dribbles of nocturnal emissions at first, then a nice dose during an infrequent night of sex. A colony was started in Mary, but until the cells got closer to her brain, there was only so much they could do. There were finally enough to encourage her to give Jeff a blow-job, but even so it took weeks to build the interest up enough to do it.

With a colony closer to her brain, they began to carry out their plan to love, worship, and adore their master- Jeff. Mary was the perfect person to help. They were easily able to build on her love for him, amplifying existing feelings. "Why, they even found out that I had been hoping you would dominate me a little. That even though I loved you, I wanted you to be more masterful in our relationship" she explained. This led to the behaviors of the last few days.

The next step was critical. The colony in Jeff needed to grow. Mary had secretly replaced most of his meds with sugar pills a month or so ago, so he was slowly increasing in sperm load, but last night's plan was to build it up to higher numbers. "If everything went right, in fact," Mary explained as she pulled Jeff's pants down, "You should be larger down here." She stroked him and his cock grew to normal size, and then a bit more. With each heartbeat, Jeff's cock got a little bigger. He could feel it stretching, changing. It felt full of power, raw energy, and the power was flowing through him. He began to laugh as he imagined himself shouting out "I AM THE POWER" holding his 'mighty sword' as it hit about seven inches, with some decent thickness and heavy balls. It certainly was not massive, but it was lots bigger than he had ever been and he was a bit dizzy thinking about it.

"Your sperm are so happy now that there are so many more of them! I can feel how happy they are, and I can almost hear them thinking. They have some fun things in store for you, and now I... I... Oh god, I want to taste that thing! Please, Jeffy love, let me worship your dick!" Mary was drooling and staring by the time she was done, and her warm mouth felt wonderful on his new equipment. Everything felt more sensitive and more powerful. He grabbed her head and fucked her face, feeling an animalistic roar building in his chest. With a yell, he blasted thick hot wads of cum in her mouth too fast for her to swallow. Thick ropes drooled onto her chest and face. She laid back and dreamily massaged the thick goo into her skin, moaning softly.

He was hard again and jammed his meat into her wet pussy and pounded her a few times before he filled her there as well. He softened a little until her cunt walls rippled on his cock and she murmured for more. He gathered his strength and sat up, pulling her towards the edge of the bed and threw her legs over his shoulders as he pounded her over and over, heart racing, chest heaving, grunting his way through orgasm after orgasm for both of them. He swore he heard his sperm cheering as it was blasted into her depths. She felt the joy of her colony welcoming their new brothers, and she heard them talking as she drifted off into a deep, erotic sleep.

-3-

The next morning, Jeff woke up feeling physically destroyed, but mentally renewed. His body felt nasty, sweaty, and like it had been tumbled with bowling balls all night. He struggled to the bathroom and groaned through his morning routine. It was odd how unusual it felt to not have Mary helping, how easily he had grown used to it. He was amazed when he looked in the mirror- both surprised and expecting to see that he looked... better. Not by tons, but noticeably better. His skin was a bit tighter and his usually droopy eyes looked open and alert. His longer cock was a bit more difficult to manage on the toilet, but a joy to wash in the shower. He was surprised by the thick tangle of hair in the drain- some of his 'pelt' seems to have washed off, mostly on his back and shoulders. Nice!

The kitchen held a nice breakfast and a note that Mary would be back later today. Odd, but he accepted it and enjoyed a day of work that felt fresh and new. Co-workers noticed his energy and a couple of the women noticed that 'something was different' about him. He enjoyed their attention and confusion. He even sang to himself on the long drive home- another first.

Home was empty? He was confused at first until he found the note to meet her at a local restaurant at seven. He caught up on some old work that had been ignored recently and got ready for their date. He arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early and got a quiet booth near the back corner.

About ten after, he looked up to see an attractive woman at the front desk. She looked a lot like Mary had a few years ago, but was a bit taller, had longer, wilder dark hair and wore a sexy 'little black dress' that revealed more cleavage than Mary could have assembled. She looked like she could have been one of Mary's younger and wilder sisters or many cousins. At this, Jeff's mind flashed to a fantasy of a three-way with Mary and her sexiest cousin until he noticed that the hostess had pointed him out to the woman. The woman smiled at Jeff and approached him with a walk that was sexy and poised. In a velvety voice, the woman took his offered hand and said "Excuse me, are you Jeff Adamson?"

"Er, yes, yes I am. And you are...?" Jeff was sweating and stammering slightly, even as his testicles tingled pleasantly. The woman laughed and threw back her hair. That laugh...

"Oh, Jeffy honey. You are so silly. It's me, Mary." Jeff was astonished. This woman was so much younger and more vibrant than his wife- and yet- he could see that it was indeed Mary in so many little ways.

"Wha...?" he stammered.

"Darling, I told you. Your sperm love you and want you to be happy. We decided that one way to make you happy was to remake me to your dream woman. They had been making small changes in me for a while now, but you gave them enough to work with yesterday that they could do all of this." She gestured at her shapely waist, flared hips, and cleavage. 'My Mary' was a 36A, hitting a full B+ during pregnancy. This Mary was a flamboyant C, and looked almost twenty years younger than she had been just a few days ago.

Mary regaled Jeff with stories of shopping and 'salonning', how her usual hairdresser was convinced she was a sister of Mary trying to play a trick on her, and the man who hit on her during lunch in the mall. Jeff felt jealous, but the warm glow from his ball sac seemed to calm him down. Mary's teeth were so white and flashed as she talked and laughed, and her sparkling hazel eyes were so full of joy and love that he found himself staring at them.

Supper went quickly- and Jeff finally learned about the meaning of 'touch deprivation'. The idea is that modern people are often starved for physical contact from people they love and trust, that we really don't touch or hug often enough. Mary touched Jeff all the time during supper. She used her hands, feet, legs, shoulder, lips, cheek, hair, and more to be in contact with him almost continually, and it felt wonderful. He felt an emptiness he did not even know he had fill up with her touches.

The ride home was a joy as she maintained contact, often in his lap, and the stream of pleasant chatter. Ideas for the spare rooms (when the kids had moved out, the old bedrooms became junk rooms), thoughts for a vacation- either mountains or beach, what was happening in the mayoral election, and more. They had not just talked like that in years and Jeff felt wonderful.
