 Valet School was sort of like what I expected. There were tough as nails Sergeants running the place with a Lieutenant Colonel in charge of the entire operation. In a lot of ways it was like NCO school back home. The first day were were ordered to strip and the drill Sargent inspected us in detail even rolling back our foreskins when they examined us. We had no names, we were all 'Cadet.' After inspection we were issued work out clothes. We would have to earn our valet uniform piece by piece. We were provided sneakers and a lavender one piece track suit. After PT we went on a five mile run. The Sergeants were real tough broads they kept up with us without any problems. While I was a sergeant in the Republican Army, I had had no intention of being a lifer. I wanted to do my five years of service and then take over my father's importing business. Those dreams were over now. 

In any event I was struck by the similarity of the Sergeants back home and those instructing me now. You jumped when they said to jump and responded to their orders without question. The first day was shake down. I was one of the few at the end of the day not doing extra push ups. I was luckier than most my Lieutenant would be dropping me off in the morning and picking me up at night. This did not go well with the Sergeants or the Colonel but there was no regulation against it.

When I got home, my Goddess could tell that I was exhausted so she generously put me to bed early. At dawn I awoke, greeted my Goddess and she took me to Valet school in her transport. There was one extra benefit of being a valet. Valets were the only slaves permitted to drive transports. The first week passed in a hum of activity and learning. Valets had to learn how to care for and launder all fabrics, how to cook and how to set a formal table for when their Goddess entertained. We had to learn how to carry ourselves on Matriarchy military bases and in the field.

Valets had a ranking system. I cold progress from Neophyte all the way First Class with a Star Cluster. I would of course be outranked by the lowest private in the army but the ranks showed had adept I was at my job. A good valet was a reflection on his officer. It was rumoured amongst the Cadets that really outstanding cadets were traded amongst officers the way female escorts were amongst officers of the Northern Republic. 

I applied myself diligently. I saw little of my Goddess aside from the mornings and evenings. Cadet school was fourteen hours long each day. We got breakfast lunch and dinner the food was plentiful and delicious. Once a week we got red meat, an honor reserved only for Cadets or captured enemy officers above the rank of Major.

The oddest week was the third week. It was instructions on disrobing and bathing and officer. We used live models. Off duty officers came in for a massage and bath. Live models were used so that Cadets did not get flustered. Even though our controllers prevented physical arousal our minds were just as active as they would have been sans controller. We had to maintain a neutral expression on our faces at all times. That rule was relaxed with our own Goddesses however. My first live model was a elegant red headed Full Bird Colonel. I followed proper protocol and then approached her.

She was tall, at least five foot eight. I gently removed her jacket and hung it up. Then I removed her shoes and unbuttoned her blouse. For a woman pushing fifty she was in fine shape. Her breasts were still firm and her legs were long. I unzipped and had her step out of her skirt. With the proper decorum I unhooked her brassier and slid off her panties and stockings. Despite her age her belly was tight. Her only flaw was a Cesarean scar on her abdomen. I massaged her and bathed her with the utmost of respect, complimenting her all the while. After drying her off and braiding her hair at her request I redressed her just as the protocol stipulated.

In a rare moment I treasured the Drill Sergeant took me aside and informed me that the Colonel was impressed with my technique

A good Valet complimented the physical attributes of the officer we were serving and should be adept a small talk. Small talk was current events or the glories of the matriarchal system. We were allowed to read the news on the web and were schooled on how the matriarchy operated.

There was a Queen who was elected every ten years. She supervised the civilian ranks and the military ranks. There was a firm hierarchy with artists and actresses at one apex, business leaders and military commanders at the other. Slaves were at the bottom and served as the labor force, construction gangs, and janitors. Valets were considered special but legally were just as low The military offered the fasted route to female advancement of course it risked combat which was expected of ALL soldiers. I pondered that if roles had been reversed, if I had captured my Lieutenant both of us would be leading very different lives. We had to attend Temple as Cadets, dressed in identical lavender dresses. It was all about female superiority and how wretched the Northern Republic was. It was all very boring but I tried to look like I was paying attention 

The weeks passed quickly. By the fifth week I had completed earning my uniforms. The uniforms really were terrific. They were military gray with shoes and boots. There was a dress uniform for formal dinners and a standard uniform. The biggest difference in the uniforms was the coat for formal affairs. It came with tails. There was a straight tie and a bow tie. We could win awards and medals, just like regular soldiers. Officers like to enter their valets in massage contests and cooking contests, There were also protocol contests and athletic tournaments. Being a valet was the best possible slavery in the Matriarchy. All of my fellow Cadets missed their old lives but we were also thanking the high heavens that we ended up here and not some road paving crew.

Graduation day came exactly six weeks later. My fellow Cadets looked spectacular in their dress grays. Much to my surprise I was awarded Luminary of the class meaning that I had skipped the Neophyte ranking and was now Valet I, four more rank advancements and I would be first class. We were graded every year and tested at regular intervals. If we impressed the right General we could be rewarded with several rank increases. My Goddess was called forward to pin the luminary badge on my chest and my Valet I bars on my collars. She was beaming from ear to ear and after shaking my hand kissed my full on the lips.

The graduation ceremony was nice. We were presented publicly with our names. I was one of three Petunias. After the others received their Neophyte pins the Sergeants and the Colonel had us line up in height order and march past them. The Sergeants shook our hands and then kissed us! I felt really weird kissing my DI but even the Colonel, an ice blonde amazon kissed me.

My Goddess was complimented for having captured such a trainable and handsome Valet. I shook hands with and said goodbye to my fellow Cadets. No doubt I would meet many of them again. My Goddess had lots of pictures of the two of us together taken.

I had been issued a license as part of my training and now, with the ceremonies at an end I escorted my Goddess to her transport and opened the passenger door and helped her in. It felt great to drive again. The route to her apartment was not hard. I had memorized it during my many round trips as her passenger to and from school.

"I am very proud of you Petunia," She said, "I can't wait to get you home!" 

"Thank you Goddess. It feels good to finally graduate.", 

When we returned to her apartment. My Goddess had hung up streamers saying "congratulations". There was a cake and some wine and a catered dinner. I cut the cake and served my Goddess, I poured her some wine. We ate the meal. 

"You have come a long way in six weeks Pet. I'm sure you enjoyed the day but the best is yet to come."

She put on some music and asked me to undress her. I followed proper protocol when she was naked she grabbed the controller and told me to strip. I could feel myself stiffening. I'd almost forgotten what a hard on felt like. 

"I thought it was that large when I first stripped you." She said. She took my hand and led me to the bedroom and had me lie down on my back. She fiddled with controller a bit.

"Now you will stay on your back and try to turn over and ride me. Lets get something straight right now Pet. I am on top ALWAYS!"

She kissed her way down my body and then her lips encircled my erect penis. After sucking me off for a while she mounted me. Her tongue was talented but her pussy was supremely tight. She came, more enthusiastically then she ever had before.

"I'm keeping you sterile for now. Officers below the rank of Captain are not permitted to get pregnant. Who knows Pet. If I make Captain you may get to be the one to knock me up!" 

She fucked me twice more. The controller can keep you erect for hours, and then she made me flaccid and had me kiss her head to toe. She made me eat her out several times. I had to swallow my own seed as I did so. That was weird but I was in no mood to complain or think twice about it. We fell asleep in each others arms as my Goddess announced that since I was now a Valet I could share her bed. Life is good!