 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of gay male sexual content.

*

Karee cleaned up Nimira's bench as quickly as he could, he'd dribbled a very large puddle all over it. Nimira had not only left the plug in him, she'd left his hands cuffed behind his back, so it was tricky going.

Karee paused, face-down in a puddle of cum. There was something there, in the corner of his mind, a presence. He reached out towards it. He'd felt this before, Lanya's presence, back when he used to pray to her. He prodded at the presence with his mind. "Lanya?" He queried it, nervously. He really hoped it wasn't Lanya.

The presence laughed, or, at least it showed amusement, it seemed to find the idea silly. It drifted closer to him, observing him. It definitely wasn't Lanya. Lanya had felt loving, but stern, strict. This presence felt, playful, inquisitive, silly.

"...Myria?" He queried instead. The presence laughed again, this time, it wasn't teasing him. "I am pleased that you found your way to me, mortal... Allow me to restore what was yours. I know you will make good use of it."

Karee recoiled, Lanya had never directly spoken to him, and by all accounts, the gods almost never directly spoke to their followers, especially not a nobody like him. The presence touched him, gently, and then withdrew, leaving something behind. Karee gasped, that feeling... was it, Myria's power? Had she given him a fragment of it, she'd granted him divine spells again? Karee chanted a few quick words, and felt the magic work, a small light appearing in his hand. Or, he assumed that was where it was, he could see it off the walls. He couldn't return someone to life like his dad, or reduce twenty skeletons to dust with a wave of his hand like his mom, but it was... something. It was also kind of cool that Myria came to him with his face in a puddle of his own cum and a buttplug in his ass and she hadn't seemed to mind, because he had every intention of doing that again, if Nimira would let him.

He finished cleaning up and sat down, waiting for Nimira to return. He didn't have to wait long, she came in well before she said she would. "Well that was fast, Raka has already... What's that light?"

"Oh! It's just a simple spell. You probably know it." Karee dismissed the spell, reutning the room's only light source to being the lantern in the corner.

"How the fuck...! You're a servant of Lanya after all, aren't..." She paused for a moment, then grabbed Karee by the hair and pulled him to his feet.

"Ow!! What're you doing?" Karee protested as Nimira spun him around, inspecting him.

"You need a holy symbol to cast spells. The only one on you is the one I drew on you." She said, as though that were an accusation of some kind.

"Yeah, Myria gave me my spells back," Karee squirmed in her grasp.

"She... What? You just got here!" Nimira spun him back around to glare at him.

"I dunno! I used to be able to cast a few spells but Lanya stopped granting them years ago. Myria just, showed up and said something about restoring what was mine?"

"She spoke to you," Nimira said, clearly not believing a word of it.

"I guess? It was more like a voice in my head."

"Ugh..." Nimira backed up until she was against the wall, and she leaned on it. "Why is Raka always right. I thought maybe that for once she just wanted to fuck you."

"So... does that mean I'm gonna be a cleric here?" Karee asked.

"Probably. Myria is a goddess that embodies freedom, individuality, and chaos. You don't have to do anything you don't want to. If you choose to stay here though I will be very strict with you. You have a lot of training to catch up on."

"You can be as strict with me as you like, Mistress," Karee lowered his tone huskily and wiggled his plugged butt at Nimira.

"Whore," Nimira chuckled and gave his ass a good slap, drawing a moan out of the little femboy. She gripped the plug and started to pull, making Karee gasp as it stretched him. It came out with an audible wet 'pop' and a feminine whine. Nimira threw it in her bag of stuff that she'd left on the table and undid the cuffs on Karee's wrists.

"I don't have that many eager little masochists around here anymore so I might just find some time to torment you later. Seeing as how I'm in charge of you I deserve a little fun out of it anyway."

"I'll be sure to be a very naughty boy," Karee turned around and flashed a seductive smile at her.

Nimira frowned, hands on her hips. "Don't you go thinking that misbehaving will end up with me bringing you back here. Playtime is for obedient toys, and I know damn well you can't whip a masochist as punishment. I will throw a chastity belt on you faster than you can blink if you make trouble for me, not even Raka will go behind my back to fuck you if she sees I'm actually punishing you."

"I wouldn't dream of it, Mistress," Karee beamed innocently.

"You learn too fast," Nimira grumbled, "get dressed, let's go."

Karee threw his clothes on quickly and followed Nimira out the door. She led him through the labyrinthe hallways of the cathedral to a large open doom that wasn't the main hall. There were a series of unimpressive beds in the room, probably about twelve of them. Each had a large trunk at the base. People in initiate uniforms milled about the room, though Karee noticed they seemed to be keeping a nervous eye on Nimira.

"You'll be staying here," Nimira stopped in front of one of the beds and kicked lightly at one of the posts. "Classes start tomorrow. Ask your fellow initiates to show you around. They'll also assign you some chores. Your uniform is in the trunk, you're expected to wear it most days." Karee raised his hand. "What?" She asked, frowning.

"Can I wear the female uniform?" Karee asked, excitedly.

Nimira snorted derisively. "Do you really think you'd fool anybody if you wore the male uniform?"

"Umm...? Maybe?" Karee pouted, confused.

"Yeah I doubt that. You're pretty obviously not much of a male, I don't think anybody would be fooled into thinking otherwise."

Karee smiled. Nimira said what everybody at home had always said but she hasn't said it just to be an ass to him. It was just the truth, he was sort of... halfway in-between; she saw that and didn't care. It was almost disorienting, most people cared a lot, even the people who didn't think it was a bad thing, like Lan, or some of the other boys from back home.

"Thanks so much, Mistress, I'll see you in class tomorrow." Karee bounced happily.

"Get someone to show you where everything is. And I don't care how sore your ass is, sit still during class tomorrow," Nimira chuckled to herself and left.

Karee turned to address the room as she left. "Hi everybody, I'm Karee, nice to meet you." He announced. He got a bunch of absent-minded waves and greetings, but he did notice two different people watching him interestedly. Karee licked his lips. This was going to be a much better environment.

***

The clatter of his fellow initiates woke Karee. He yawned and sat up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Several others around him were getting dressed, others were already getting their things together. Karee didn't wait for an invitation himself, hopping out of the little cot and digging around in his trunk for his outfit. The female initiate dress wasn't that much different from the male's robes, it turned out. The dress had a bit of a lower cut top and fitted tighter around his hips, showing off his butt nicely. It would do just fine, he decided.

"Excuse me, how can I help?" Karee inquired after one of his bunkmates, a human girl about his age.

"Bring the High Priestess her breakfast. You know where the kitchen and her room is?" She answered without hesitation.

"Umm. Yeah I remember." Karee had expected one of the harder chores to be pawned off on him for the first few weeks. Bringing breakfast seemed pretty easy. Maybe he'd come back and see if anybody else needed help after he did this job.

The kitchen was busy but someone had the High Priestesses' breakfast prepared already, and handed the tray off to him, telling him to be quick, and not to knock. Taking care not to spill anything, Karee wove his way through the cathedral with the tray to Raka's chambers. Remembering his instructions, he cracked the door open and slipped inside.

He'd half expected another sex dungeon, but Raka's chambers were mostly occupied by a large bed, an altar, and some books and chairs. It was actually quite quaint aside from the larger bed, with a carved bust of Myria at the altar being the only artwork.

Spotting a dresser next to the bed, Karee set the tray down there. He straightened up, wondering if he should wake her. An arm around his waist pulled him closer to the edge of the bed and answered his question for him.

"Good morning, my dear celestial." Raka pushed herself up into a half-sitting position as she pulled him close to her, not tugging him so that he fell over onto the bed but not letting him go, either. She had the deeply striking violet eyes and pure white hair shared by most drow, but while most of their race were known to have harsh, angular features accentuated by a permanent scowl, Raka's face was much softer, her expression pleasant and warm. Her shoulder length hair was disheveled and messy, giving her a kind of cute, disarming look. She was wearing a simple white nightie that hugged her modest breasts and contrasted with her onyx skin.

"Good Morning High Priestess! I have your breakfast here." Karee smiled at her, making no attempt to free himself from being pinned to the edge of the bed by Raka's arm.

"I see that. Why don't you be a dear and keep me company for a bit while I eat?"

"Of course!" Karee wasn't really sure what the etiquette was on this but sucking up to the woman in charge seemed like a good idea, even in this new church. He handed Raka the tray of food and after she patted the empty space on the bed beside her, sat down, twisting his torso to look at her. He actually really didn't dislike the idea of falling back into his old routine in a new environment, he liked the church back home, he just didn't like the way he was treated.

"So I see the Dark Lady has given you some of her power," Raka commented innocently as she ate her eggs.

"Yeah. I guess Nimira told you?" Karee felt kind of proud. He just wasn't about to let it go to his head just yet.

"No. I can just tell."

"You can? How?"

"I am... much closer to Myria than most mortals. The Dark Lady values loyalty, even though she seems enigmatic and fickle at times." Raka looked up from her food, her face bearing the smallest yet most predatory smile that Karee had ever seen. "Nimira did go into great detail regarding your initiation, however."

Karee blushed a little and smiled back at her. Being hit on by women was still a little weird to him. Maybe all the women here were like Nimira? That wouldn't be so bad. Karee glanced to the side, thinking. If Raka were a guy he'd just flirt by crawling towards him sexily, shaking his butt from side to side. Should he do that here? Should he flirt back at all? Maybe he should- Raka's hand wrapped around the back of his neck, making him jolt in surprise. He looked back at her, and only saw the glint in her eyes for a split second before he was pulled abruptly downwards. Karee reached out with his hands to break his fall, his left hand grabbing onto the bedsheets. His right hand... ended squarely on one of Raka's tits. Karee looked up, his face right in front of Raka's, wondering if he should move his hand or not. The tray of food sat mostly eaten off to the side.

Raka leaned in close, her face almost touching his, her breath hot on his face. "Do you want me to keep going?" She whispered seductively.

"Y-yes..." Karee gulped.

Raka pulled him into a kiss, her lips and tongue gently exploring Karee's pliant mouth. Her lips were so soft, different from the slightly rough sensation of kissing a boy. He took the opportunity to give Rakas's breast a gentle squeeze, marveling at how soft and squishy it was. After a short while she pulled back, grinning at Karee's flustered excitement. Deftly, she gripped Karee's dress, pulling it up, exposing his tented panties. Karee swung his leg over Raka so he was straddling her and straightened up, wiggling to help Raka relieve him of the acolytes dress. Once it was off, she tossed it to the floor beside them. Arms around his back, Raka pulled him forward, her teeth clamping around one of his sensitive nipples.

"Oooohhhhh..." Karee gasped as Raka bit and sucked gently, his nipple forming into a hardened little nub at the attention. She flicked her tongue back and forth across the sensitive flesh as Karee squirmed and leaked precum into his panties.

"Your buds might just be more sensitive than mine are, dear," Raka laughed softly, pinching his other nipple between her thumb and forefinger and twisting gently. Karee squealed and leaned on Raka's shoulders as she twisted just hard enough that he didn't scream, the dull throbbing pain sending a rush of endorphins to his brain. With a primal growl, she leaned back in, grabbing more of Karee's boytits with her teeth, biting down hard.

Karee gripped Raka's shoulders tightly and trembled. "Aaghh... High Priestess, that... uuuugghh." Karee groaned and babbled incoherently, his mind a fog of pain and pleasure as Raka primally ravaged him. She raked her nails down his side with her free hand, and Karee struggled against the instinct to squirm away from her. As she clawed her way down, she grabbed a handful of Karee's ass, squeezing hard.

"High Priestess..." Karee whined needily. He was so horny, he really wanted her to touch him.

Raka released her bite on Karee's puffy flat chest, leaving a clear set of teeth marks behind. She pushed him down, so that he was sitting on her lap.

"Do you want me to stop?" She teased, flashing a predatory grin up at him.

"No!" He spoke emphatically, shifting his hands so that they were loosely clasped behind her neck.

"Mmmm, if you don't want me to stop then the only thing I want to hear out of your pretty lips is you moaning and screaming my name." She released his nipple and grabbed his butt with both hands, squeezing him hard and lifting him up a little.

"Ahhhh... Yes high-"

Raka dug her nails into his ass painfully. "My name, not my title." She admonished, pushing him back down so that his butt was directly resting on her... wait, what was that? Karee looked down at her questioningly, something big and hard was pressing into his ass. Something very cock-like.

Raka laughed softly. "Of all the gifts given to me by Myria, this one is definitely my favorite. I have a feeling it will be your favorite too, sweetness" She ground her cock firmly into Karee's crack, a growl of pleasure escaping her lips as she did.

Karee wasn't sure entirely what to think of this but he was horny as fuck and the prospect of the huge cock pressed up against his ass being slammed into his tight hole was extremely enticing.

"Yes... yes please," he begged, his pucker twitching in anticipation. Raka straightened up, letting go of his ass with one hand and grabbing a handful of his hair. 

She held his head in place as she leaned in to whisper in his ear. "That's not how you say my name, darling." Without warning she sunk her teeth into the side of his neck, sucking and biting gently.

"Aaaagh! R-Raka!" Karee groaned, his neck was normally very ticklish, her love bite had just enough pressure on it to skirt the line between ticklish and painful. Deliriously, Karee pawed at the sheets between him and Raka's bottom half, trying to remove them. Raka noticed and gave him a hand, kicking them off, revealing that her nightie was the only thing she was wearing, her deep black cock was not only stiff and at attention but it was absolutely dripping precum in a way that made Karee's dark stain on his panties look modest.

Karee wasn't able to get a good look at it, it was so beautiful, he wanted to worship it all morning, but with Raka's teeth on his neck he couldnt exactly look around. Instead he just reached over and grabbed it. It was as hot and wet as it looked, sticky precum dribbled all over his hand as he squeezed and gave Raka's cock a few experimental strokes. Far from having the effect Karee had expected, Raka growled, sounding like a feral animal, releasing her hold on Karee's neck. Grabbing him by the shoulders, she threw him backwards. He hit the soft mattress so hard he bounced a little, her cock completely wrested from his soft hands. She was on top of him immediately, pinning his body to the bed. Her hair fell around his face, tickling Karee and covering her dark complexion with shadows. She purred softly as she inched her face closer to his. Her hand moved in a slashing motion towards his crotch, a blue glow of magic surrounding it. His panties dissolved to dust, letting his hard cock spring free. Slowly, she ran her hand across his cock, not grabbing it, but rubbing it up and down like she would a pussy.

"Ahhhhhh..." Karee opened his mouth to gasp and moan but was immediately silenced as Raka pressed her mouth to his, kissing him roughly and dominantly, forcing her tongue into his mouth. The rubbing sensation on his small cock was sending jolts of pleasure through him but it was just shy of being strong enough to start pushing him towards orgasm, instead he simply found himself getting frustrated and desperate.

Raka broke the kiss, nipping at his lip as she did. She growled at him again, and abruptly flipped him over, planting a hand on the back of his head to press it into the soft mattress as her other hand pulled his hips upward. "If it's too much, try clapping your hands together. I'll do my very best to stop..." Karee shivered as he felt her hot breath on his ear. "But I don't know if my very best will be good enough, darling..." A drop of precum landed on Karee's twitching asshole, making him flinch. Karee nodded his understanding, even though he had absolutely no intention of asking Raka to stop.

Raka rubbed the head of her dick across his pucker, spreading her pre everywhere. She pressed forward, slowly, but insistently. "Ah... You're so tight... Come on, relax..." Raka was breathing heavily, letting out little growls every time she impatiently nudged forward another inch.

Karee moaned and squeaked as his ass was stretched by Raka's magnificent cock, the mattress muffling the noises into inaudibility. Her cockhead pressed heavily against his prostate, the familiar sensation making Karee shiver in delight. Raka let go of his head as she bottomed out, her heavy sack slapping heavily against his own smaller pouch. She started slowing raking her nails down his back, making feral sounds of delight as she slowly started to move her hips.

"A-Aaah! Raaakkaaa...!" Karee lifted his head up out of the mattress to scream as her nails dug across the middle of his back. She snarled at the sound of her name and slammed her hips roughly forward, driving her cock heavily into his sensitive prostate. Karee shuddered as the pressure on his joy buzzer and the friction of the mattress against his cock made him cum, squeezing his spasming rectum tightly around her cock as he squirted his load into the high priestesses' sheets.

"You're cumming...? Aaagghhhh..." Raka spoke breathily, fucking him through his girly orgasm with short hard strokes. "Ohhh... You squeeze my cock so good when you cum... yesss... do that again..." Raka hissed as she started fucking him in earnest, her hips slapping loudly and wetly into Karee's ass as she pulled most of the way out just to ram her cock back in to the hilt. Karee never fully came down from his orgasm, the constant battering his prostate was receiving was making his dick leak a steady stream of fluid into the sheets and his semi-soft cock was rapidly returning to hardness.
