 The first few weeks of my days as a Valet passed pleasantly. My Goddess's leave ended and we were sent to Fort Hera in the far south west. We had to board an air transport to get there. I helped her shut up her apartment. I packed her bags and my own. I was presented with a travel bag by the academy upon my graduation. It had my class rank of number one Petunia and my Lieutenant's name upon it. My Lieutenant would be taking charge of a new command for her. Capturing me had also won her a lateral promotion. Her unit was dedicated to eliminating entrances of a Northern Republic raiding band.

Despite my new status as Valet I felt secretly proud of those guys. According to the news two weeks ago they had crept to the very outskirts of Fort Hera and captured a one Star General when she was lured out to her front step. They had also repatriated her Valet. It wasn't in the news but I knew that he would be greeted as a conquering hero back home and would be issued two concubines. That was the other great thing about being a Valet. Because you knew so much intelligence you were highly valuable to your old comrades. It also meant liberation from the collar and controller. There were reports of Valets who refused to be repatriated. I hoped, however, that I never became that much of a wimp.

The General was in for a new life as well. Once collared and controlled, she was pumped for intelligence she would be processed by a low ranking private. He would strip her bathe her and shave her. After that she would be given to a junior officer as a maid. Maids were used regularly when they weren't cooking and cleaning. The controller was quite the device. The technology was the same but north and south used it very differently.

Naturally I worried about my Lieutenant while she was out on maneuvers. If she was captured in the field she would become the slave of a Northern officer and I would be offered to the other commanding officers. As a Luminary I would be snatched up quickly but I wanted to serve my Goddess and not a fifty year old General, attractive as she may be.

We were stationed in base housing. She had me clean it and polish the furniture. Then she had me take care of her. By now I was so attuned to her body that I could make her orgasm on the massage table. I knew that my Goddess bragged about me to other officers. It made me proud. I was permitted to fuck her, then I bathed her and put her to bed, after attending to my own toilet I snuggled under the covers beside her. 

One day they had captured one of the Northern Raiders and my Lieutenant was given a commendation. This necessitated Her first formal dinner since I had come into her service. The banquet hall was set aside. The other Valets and I set out the tablecloths. We polished the silverware and made sure everything was perfect. I recognized one of the Valets as a fellow graduate of my class. We exchanged nods. My Lieutenant and two others would be awarded commendations tonight. It meant that they were on the short list to make Captain. Briefly the image of my Lieutenant pregnant with my child filled my head but the reverie soon left. There was work to be done.

I was designated wine steward for the night. It meant keeping the glasses full and making sure that everything was kept moving smoothly. As I made my circuit I encountered the red headed Colonel I had bathed back at Valet School, at the head table. Our eyes locked and I was sure she recognized me. She smiled at me as I poured her wine. She peered at my ownership badge and wrote the information down in her portable.

I did an excellent job if I do say so myself. I noticed that the redheaded Colonel left her Valet stand fast once the room was empty. She approached my Lieutenant. I saw my Goddess look in my direction and the color drained from her face. She saluted the Colonel and then summoned me over.

"Petunia, this is Colonel Violet Parks. She has asked to make use of you tonight. It is considered rude to refuse. The women exchanged controllers. I will be taking her Valet beck to my quarters. Obey her as you would me." Then she saluted the Colonel and made her way towards the Colonel's Valet.

The Colonel eyed me up and down. "Are you finished with your duties gorgeous?" She asked me.

"Yes Colonel I have to make sure the wine vat is capped and then I am finished."

"Its Goddess, You go finish up and report back to me." I saluted smartly and finished my tasks.

The Colonel offered me her arm and I escorted her out of the banquet hall. Her transport wasn't hard to find, It had eagle pennants. She directed me to her quarters, a house in the elite officer's quadrant.

I made small talk as I was expected to do. My Colonel seemed to have one thing on her mind.

"Is your penis as large as the rest of you?"

"I've never had complaints Goddess."

Her house was gorgeous inside. She had excellent taste in furniture. The rugs and panelling were all first class. Rank really showed in this place.

"I remember you from Valet school," she said once we were inside. "Usually a massage and bath at Valet school is just a relaxing diversion, but I sensed something special in you. You got the protocol correct even though it was obviously your first time, you were also not flustered by my rank."

She took me on a tour of her house. The bathroom was next to the bedroom. There was the usual massage table in the bathroom. "OK Petunia, she said. Observe the protocol and prepare me for my bath. I want a massage first. I tried to not get flustered. The Colonel fingered the controller and I felt myself getting hard. After stripping her she and hanging up her uniform she ordered me to disrobe.

"My your Goddess is most fortunate." she said as she drank in my naked form.

During the massage she was moaning. Her orgasms were deep and loud whereas my Goddess's were softer and sweeter. After bathing her and drying her hair she led me to her bed. "I want you on top tonight, tell anyone that I let you ride me I'll bust you to a paving crew." She kissed me all over and then slid under me. I rode her like I would a slave girl at home. She was the most responsive woman I had ever met, even more than my own Goddess. The Colonel came several times. She had me brush my teeth and urinate. She encouraged me to piss standing up which felt good. Then she had me crawl into bed with her. She used me one more time and then we we both fell fast asleep.

In the morning she had me fuck her before I bathed and dressed her . Later, she raved about my cooking. She would not let me get dressed however.

"You were a Luminary weren't you honey?"

"Yes Goddess."

"Your Captain does not realize what she has. She should be renting you out. I will send her a missive to that effect. Once I talk you up to the elite officers everyone from the General on down to my fellow Colonels will want to make use of you."

"Thank you Goddess."

"I'm authorized to promote you two levels,' She said. " Would you like to be a Valet III?"

"Yes I would Goddess."

"Good I'll tell your Captain that I am keeping you for the week. If I have nights like last night through the week I will promote you."

The rest of the day I was a the Colonel's Valet. It involved driving her around the base and seeing to it that she always looked her best. I was very attentive.

She called my Goddess on her portable. 

I was massaging her at the time so I was close enough to the phone to hear both ends of the conversation.

"Yes I got your missive I will give it serious consideration "

"I've decided to keep him for the week. At least until Sunday.'

"A week Colonel? "

"Yes, what's the matter is my Valet deficient.?"

"Now he's fine. Very accomplished."

"Send over Petunia's basic duty uniform. It looks funny for him to be in formal dress during the daytime. Not that I'm going to let him get dressed very often. 

"Yes Colonel."

"I sense some irritation in your voice. Remember this will help you make Captain. Your slave has stud potential. Cop an attitude and I'll make sure you never get him back."

"No Colonel, I'm not irritated. Enjoy your week." 

A short while later The Colonel's regular Valet, Sage, came to the door with my basic duty uniform. I could tell I was enjoying myself more than he was. Knowing the Lieutenant, she probably wasn't even fucking him. Or if she was it was just perfunctory and expected. She never said it but I just knew that my Lieutenant was a one man type of woman. 

A short while later the Colonel called the commanding General and I was ordered to leave the room. That night I cleaned the house and prepared for the General coming to dinner. She was the base commander and she wore two stars. I saluted smartly as she entered. Her own Valet trailed behind her the required five steps. His name was Rose and he wore First class bars with a Star Cluster. I saluted him as well.

"Hello Violet."

"Good evening Constance."

The General looked younger than I expected. She had long black hair and an unlined face. She filled her uniform nicely. From what I could tell she had great legs and nice tits. She was a few inches sorter than the Colonel. The two began chatting while we Valets were exiled to the kitchen we cooked together but Rose was more skilled, but not much more skilled than myself.

Before his captivity he had been a Lieutenant in the Republican Army. He had been captured over twenty years ago. He was well adjusted to life as a Valet now he told me but he still dreamed about being repatriated. He had built up quite the reputation as a stud and had impregnated officers at least twenty times Including fathering the General's two daughters who were now serving in the army elsewhere.

"It's not a bad life." he told me "but what I wouldn't give to command men again to shave my face once more and grow out my body hair." 

As we served dinner the General eyed me closely. As was custom, I as the host Valet served the guest while her Valet served my Colonel. She read my badge which included my graduation date.

"Did you really graduate this year?" The General asked 

"Yes General."

"You are very gifted. Who is your owner?"

"First Lieutenant Raven Riley is my Goddess."

"And how did you come into her service?"

"She captured me General." 

The women complimented us on our dinner. Rose kept the plates filled. I bussed the table and made sure the wine goblets were full. All the while the General eyed me. The Colonel was excessive in her praise of me.

At around 9:00 Rose and I were ordered to stand at attention.

The General spoke. "I have to see if Violet is full of shit or not. Petunia get your things. You are coming home with me tonight." She and my Colonel exchanged controllers. 

"I have him back tomorrow at Noon Violet, enjoy Sage. He can get really down and dirty, But you know that." 

I was really nervous driving the General to her house. It was the largest in the fort and sat on a hill.

"Relax valet. I won't bite ... yet,"

General Lapper opened her front door and I stayed the required five steps behind her. The house was full of antiques even some ancient artifacts from before the creation of the Matriarchy and the Northern Republic. The house was full of citations, medals and commendations. She showed me around a bit then stopped in her bathroom. The tub was enormous. Three times larger than normal. There was a massage table and lots of perfumes and body lotions.

She led me next door to her bedroom and said "Valet, I require a massage and a bath, preform the protocol." 

I had been racking my brain all the way over. We did not practice the Protocol for Generals that often for, as Neophytes, we would rarely encounter one. You were supposed to work on it as you moved up the ranks. Miracle of miracles however, I remembered the steps in their proper order as well as the rituals that went along with each step.

Naked the General was a fine specimen. She could not be more than 45 she must have leaped ranks at some point. Her body was lithe and compact with very little obvious signs that she had given birth. Her tits were fabulous. Her bush was full a wonderful ass surmounted her long legs. She was undeniably beautiful. 

On the massage table my fingers worked their magic. I thought that it was amazing that I got to see a general come. That sort of thing was not supposed to happen either in the man's army or the woman's army. 

She had me strip and enter the tub with her . Before I was allowed in, the General amused herself by repeatedly engorging my penis and making me flaccid with the controller. At last she left me hard, put down the controller, and said "I LOVE these things."

The General was really kinky in bed. I fucked her up the ass and then took her from behind. She had me preform missionary before she mounted me. She came each time and my penis was sore when she was done. 

"You are truly gifted Valet." She said as we snuggled after our last sexual encounter. "Violet gets you the rest of the week lucky bitch. If I wasn't so attached to Sage, I'd be tempted to buy you from your Lieutenant. You have all the fine makings of a stud. You are tall and handsome and intelligent. Would you like to get into the procreation business?"

"What does it entail General?"

"You are allowed to become fertile but you will only produce girls. An arrangement is made between your owner and the applicant. They usually keep you for two weeks or until they are pregnant. All officers are expected to sire at least two children once they make Captain. Enlisted women need several layers of permission and at least eight years of service. It means a very luxurious lifestyle while you are knocking up officers." 

"That IS tempting General." 

The General returned me to the Colonel the next day exactly when she said she would.

" You are no liar Violet." Said the general. "He's perfection!" 

The rest of my week with the Colonel was quite fun. Like the General she was a freak in the sack. I was quite sore and tuckered out when I was at last returned to my Lieutenant. As promised before she returned me she promoted me two ranks. The Colonel Herself pinned on my new rank, shook my hand and kissed me."

"Petunia I missed you so much!" My Goddess said when we were alone. "I have some news for you. I have been ordered by the the Colonel AND the General to turn you over to the stud service at the end of the month. It means that I will earn money from renting you and a bonus for every successful pregnancy but that also means that we won't have much time together. I will still be your owner but you will be on extensive loan. If I make Captain soon I will be able to use you myself. I know that the Matriarchy has the right to do this, technically, they own you not me. But I really wanted to keep you for myself. Its wrong to think that way but its how I feel."

I kissed her deeply and told her that I loved her now and would always love her. That made her cry. 

My Goddess and I made love often over the rest of the month. We had to use protection now because I was now fertile. Twice during that time I was inspected by new Captains. Even though I was the potential stud, the power was all in the woman 's hands. They stripped me and examined me head to toe. They examined my health records and spent a day getting to know me. They looked at my service record and the genetic history done up by a veterinarian. Stud shopping is a high art in the Matriarchy. 

At the end of the month My Goddess handed my controller to a very attractive blonde. She was new Captain who happened to be a personal friend of General Constance Lapper. A lot of money changed hands. My Goddess looked wistful as I was led away. My future was bright indeed.