 NOTE: So halfway through writing this, I sort of realized that the way I've been pronouncing 'Aasi' as a shortform of Aasimar actually sounds close to sissy. Intentional? Who knows!

*****

Lan took Karee... to the same pub he'd been at last night? It was noon so it was pretty much empty, but the bartender was still there. 

"You gonna keep him outta trouble this time, Lan?"

"Taking him downstairs, actually," Lan put an arm around Karee's shoulders. Karee in return gave Lan's package a gentle squeeze, grinning up at him playfully.

"Uhh. Right. Well just do me the same courtesy and don't tell me how to do my job."

"Yeah yeah," Lan grumbled, leading Karee into a back room of the bar, and down an extremely long flight of stairs. They turned a corner at the bottom of the stairs and entered a small antechamber.

"This some kinda joke, Lan?" A mean-looking tiefling stood guard in front of an ornate door. He looked all the world like a tiefling stereotype, two medium sized horns curled backwards from his forehead, his skin and hair were ashen, with streaks of fiery red running through his hair. His eyes, similarly looked like they led into pits of lava, they were bright red and they... Smoldered. To top it off, he even had a decently sized spaded tail that was swishing about agitatedly. Not only was this man a tiefling but his demonic heritage was probably only a generation or two down his family tree. Karee's own celestial heritage was like... seven? No, eight; seven generations was his mom.

"Why would it be?" Lan asked, subtly moving himself in between Karee and the tiefling.

"You know what an Aasi is, right Lan? Or did you just see that he's a femme and your brain took off and let your dick take over the thinking?"

"If the high priestess doesn't want him she doesn't have to take him. That decision is above your pay grade, though, isn't it Kharl?"

"Fine. Waste the priestesses' time. See what I care." Kharl muttered, standing to the side and letting them pass.

Lan put his arm around Karee and led him past the tiefling's glare and through the door. After a short hall they entered... a cathedral. Karee was shocked at first, it looked so much like the church back home where his mom's paladin order was based. Huge domed ceiling, supported by beautifully decorated pillars. A large altar was built on a raised dais at the far end of the room, and rows and rows of pews lined the main floor. Karee and Lan were actually on a raised walkway to the side of the main floor. Many other chambers and passageways dotted the perimeter of the room, many appeared to be leading back up into the city, others went deeper in. The chapel wasn't bustling with people, but plenty of people were moving from room to room, others sat in the pews, talking.

"This is all below the city?" Karee marveled.

"Yeah. Once you leave you'll totally forget where it is unless you have a warding charm, so don't go outside alone."

Lan led him along the raised walkway to another door that led them deeper underground. He navigated several hallways, exchanging greetings with several humans, one drow, and another tiefling. All of them looked at Karee suspiciously but left them alone. Lan stopped at a specific door and knocked.

"Come in," a woman's voice called.

Lan opened the door and led Karee inside 

The room was sparse with a lot of storage space, trunks and closets lined the walls and there was another door leading further in. A woman sat at a table, flipping through a large book. She was wearing a dark shirt with a leather coat over top and dark pants. The side of her head was shaved, with her dark messy hair flipped in the other direction, and she had what looked like Myria's holy symbol tattooed on her skull in dark bold lines. She looked up at them, but didn't give Karee a dirty look like everybody else had.

"You're late, Lan." Her voice was cold.

"Sorry miss Nimira, I was... Finalizing things with this new potential initiate." Karee giggled at his choice of words. He'd finalized things alright.

"I see," she said, standing up. She was actually fairly tall, especially compared to how Karee's own five foot five. She had a couple of inches on him.

"Do you know where we are, Aasimar?"

"The... Church of Myria? Under the city?"

"Do you know what we do here?"

"Umm... Not... Really?"

"So tell me, why would you of all people want to enter into Myria's service?"

"Because..." Karee's had been hoping this would be easy but he supposed not. "Because I grew up serving Lanya and they taught compassion and understanding but gave me neither. They taught me Drow and servants of Myria were bad people but Lan has been better to me than they ever were. So why shouldn't I do the last thing my family would ever want me to?"

Nimira looked at Lan disdainfully. "He's an Aasi and he's literally from the church of Lanya? Why did you bring him here, Lan?"

"Hey, I was told the Dark Lady would take any who were earnest."

"Well said, Lan." Karee gave a start, the voice came from behind them. He turned around, she was about his height, wearing a long gray dress slashed with purple, her long brown hair tied back in a bun, and she was wearing a pair of glasses. She had a small smile on her face and a relaxed posture, Karee got the feeling she was used to getting what she wanted.

"I think if Lady Myria is sympathetic to anybody, it would be an Aasimar who seeks to escape from the circumstances of his birth, don't you agree, Nimira?"

"Lady Raka, what are you..." Nimira's eyes had gone wide.

"Oh, I felt the faint celestial essence the moment it entered my cathedral." She looked at Karee and smiled knowingly.

Nimira took a deep breath, "if you are telling me to accept him-"

"I am." Raka spoke immediately. "And I don't want to see you kicking him out without cause, do you understand?"

"Of course, High priestess, Nimira bowed her head.

Raka gave Karee what seemed like a very through look and smiled at him before she walked off.

"Get out," Nimira growled, glaring at Lan.

"But my report?"

"I am out of time and have a new initiate to deal with. Come see me tomorrow. On time."

"Right," Lan put a hand on Karee's shoulder. "I'll stop by where you were staying today to grab your things and come see you tomorrow, okay?"

Karee nodded and gave Lan a big hug, sneakily rubbing his lower abdomen across Lan's bulge. 

The half-drow left him alone with the very angry looking servant of Myria, and closed the door behind him. "I suppose I'm allowed to initiate you however I see fit." She muttered, turning around and looking at her trunks one at a time. "Go into that next room and take your clothes off," she instructed, after a moment of reflection.

"Umm... wha?"

"Did I stutter?" she growled, turning towards him.

"No, it's just I'm not really... into... women..."

Nimira snorted, "As though I'd let your filthy little Aasi dick near me? Do what I tell you or don't, I'm just as happy to have a legitimate excuse to kick you out. Lady Raka said I needed cause, not that I couldn't do it."

Karee paused in thought for a moment. It can't be that bad, can it? She must just be trying to spook him. It's not like she'd have a sex dungeon in the next room. 

Karee quickly discovered that Nimira did indeed have a sex dungeon in the next room, piles of rope lay in one corner, a large wooden X stood at one end of the room, and a low piece of equipment that looked like a bench except it had one raised pad in the middle and one on either side of it.

Karee started taking his clothes off but paused when he realized he was still wearing a pair of stolen panties from his sister. Would she make fun of him? 

"I said naked, slut." Nimira entered behind him, holding a bag filled with objects that clacked together lightly as she moved.

Karee did as she asked. She hasn't even mentioned the panties. That was nice.

Nimira grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around abruptly.

"Hands."

"Wha?"

"Hands behind your back, cunt," she slapped his ass, making him squeal and do as she asked. She fastened some restraints around his wrists and tightened them until they were snug.

"Umm, Nimira, what are- EEEK!" Nimira slapped his ass again, much harder this time.

"Did you just call me by name you little shit? I am 'Mistress' to you until I say otherwise, you understand?" She asked as she dragged him to the middle of the room.

"Y-yes! Sorry!" Karee squeaked.

Nimira reached around him with one hand while she held his bound arms with the other. Karee giggled as her fingers lightly traced the outline of his ribs, like she was looking for something. Finding what she wanted, she pressed hard into a spot between his ribs.

"Owww! Ow ow ow I'm sorry Mistress please Mistress I'm sorry!" Karee squealed and begged as Nimira dug her fingers into what had to be a pressure point.

"That's better," she said, withdrawing her finger from his ribs and giving him a shove forward. Caught by surprise, Karee flopped down lengthwise over the middle pad of the bench. Not stopping there, Nimria pushed and prodded his thighs until he got the hint and climbed all the way onto the bench, with his legs bent and his knees on the two lower surfaces. Once he was in position, she put more leather restraints around his thighs and fastened them to some metal loops sticking out of the bench.

"There," she said, seeming satisfied with her work.

While Karee still wasn't really... attracted to women, being restrained and helpless like this was definitely appealing to him. He imagined Lan walking in, hard cock ready to ream his helpless and exposed asshole.

"Never thought I'd ever have a little Aasi masochist slut tied up in here," Nimira laughed, noticing his erection. Karee heard her moving around a little but he wasn't sure what she was doing right up to the point where she shoved two lubricated fingers up his boypussy.

"Ohhh," Karee moaned, his ass enjoying the attention even though it wasn't coming from a dick.

"Wow, really? And here I would have bet money that my fingers would have been knuckle-deep in Lan's cum." Nimria laughed cruelly. She stuck another finger in his ass and fucked it quickly and roughly, lubricating him so efficiently that he barely got a chance to enjoy it before she pulled out. 

"Drip on my bench all you want, but you're licking it all up afterwards, I'm not cleaning it up," Nimira warned as Karee felt something cold and metal press into his lubed up hole. 

"Uuuughhh... its... big... Mistress..."

"Oh stop whining I just had my fingers in there, I know you can take this, I went down a full two sizes from what I thought you'd take at first."

Karee panted, he'd had a few boy's dicks up there from back when his parents actually gave him some freedom, up until when he'd gotten caught. Subsequently he'd had any number of dick-shaped objects when he'd been alone. All that had all been him going at his own pace, and Nimira's pace was decidedly faster and more insistent.

Finally, he got past the widest part and the plug sank in, settling heavily with a gentle pressure on his prostate that give him tingles.

"Now for the finishing touch," Nimira murmured to herself, and then started chanting softly. Karee recognized it as the verbal components of a spell, he' been trained in divine magic and had cast a few small spells before his parents had caught him cumming his brains out riding the neighbor boy's cock, and then denied him the right to meditate to Lanya for spells.

Nimria finished the spell and Karee felt something close like a vice around his penis. It tingled and wasn't pleasurable but wasn't painful either. Was that a paralysis spell?

"So..." Nimria began. "For the actual initiation, I need to mark you with Myria's symbol then make you orgasm while you scream her name. This will draw her gaze to you. Normally I just fuck the males I initiate because it's much easier, but I'm not about to let you spill that celestial seed all over me."

"What do you mean 'mark' me, Mistress?"

"I just need to draw her symbol on you," Nimira responded cheerfully. Cheerfully? Why was she cheerful?

"Ah! Fuck!" Karee squirmed and tried to slip away from the sensation of a very sharp quill dragging across his butt. It wasn't cutting him but the sensation was so intense, it sent chills up and down his spine. He couldn't actually squirm properly though because of how securely he was tied to the bench.

Nimira did a few quick strokes, all of which drew squeals from Karee and made him squirm and writhe. "That's no good. You ruined it. Ill have to start over." Before she did, she scribbled through the original symbol that she'd started.

"Ahhhh... Mistress can't you use something less sharp?"

Nimira drew one more line through her original attempt, pressing hard. "Yes, I could," She said simply. That line actually burned and throbbed a little, but it didn't seem to be bleeding.

"I can do this all day if you don't want to hold still for me," she started the symbol again on his other ass cheek, drawing the symbol with broad exaggerated lines. Karee breathed deeply, squeezing his ass on the plug to distract from the intense sensations, holding still as best he could.

With one final stroke, she finished and stepped back to admire her work.

"I suppose that will do," she said. Karee breathed a sigh of relief. "We have a priestess here who is truly excellent at making enchanted objects." Nimria explained as she gently touched the base of the metal plug. 

"Yessss," Karee hissed at the feeling, it felt like the metal plug had just thrust itself into his ass, dragging across his sensitive prostate. The plug continued to do so, fucking him rhythmically like a machine, drawing ever needier gasps and moans of pleasure out of him.

"I bet you thought you were being really fucking cute," Nimira slapped his ass, hard, the pain making Karee squeeze tighter around the plug. "You're not really 'into' women?" *Slap!* Karee moaned euphorically, feeling himself on the verge of orgasm, but unable to cross the threshold due to the enchantment on his cock.

"I saw the fucking-" *Slap!* "Truth," *Slap!* "Right away." *Slap!* "You're a cheap masochistic" *Slap!* "fucking slut who will take whatever I care to give him." Nimira slapped him again on both cheeks, with both hands. It had to be as hard as she could, and it fucking hurt.

"Yessss.. Mistress please can this slutty boy cummmm?" Karee howled. The pain and pleasure were intermingling and overwhelming him. Everything hurt, everything felt so good, he couldn't tell anymore.

"Do it, cunt, and scream the Dark Lady's name, if I have to do this a second time it will be the last orgasm you ever have." Nimira released the binding spell.

Once the spell was gone, the plug only thrust itself one more time into Karee's pleasure button before he came, wildly, and uncontrollably. He wanted to squirm, touch himself, move, do anything, but the bindings held him in place and forced him to just feel it, the waves of pleasure beating his brain to mush.

"MYRIAAA!" Karee screeched at the top of lungs after several seconds of breathlessness. The enchanted plug didn't care or know what he was feeling, it just kept fucking him, never losing a beat, each thrust pushing another shock wave of orgasmic pleasure through Karee's young body and added to the sticky puddle he could feel spreading around his abdomen.

"Pleeeeaaassseee... Mistress... stoooop." As his orgasm subsided, the sensation was becoming too much, the plug kept rubbing across his P-spot.

Nimira took pity on him and tapped the base of the plug and stopped it from thrusting.

"Uhhhh... bluh..." Karee tried to formulate a thank you but words were too hard at that exact moment.

"I have some work to do regarding your living arrangements, it will take an hour or so. I will come get you when I'm done. I don't want to see a single drop of your nasty Aasi cum on my bench when I get back, you understand?" Nimira removed the restraints from around his thighs

"Mrrrr..." 

"Good boy," Nimira left and closed the door behind her.

Karee's senses came back to him slowly, and eventually he decided to try sitting up. He did so a little shakily, his wrists were still bound and he still had the plug up his ass. He looked down to assess how much cum he was going to have to lick up, it was probably just... a few... drops... That was not just a few drops, that was a puddle.

"Well, shit," he muttered, and started to get to work.