 Short chapter for Karee this time! He'll get a long chapter next time, promise. <3

***

"You okay, Karee? You seem really distracted these past few days," One of his fellow initiates asked.

"Uhh... what? Huh? No, I'm fine, why do you ask?" He replied distractedly.

"You've been washing that dress for like the past ten minutes," she deadpanned.

"Oh... have I? Sorry, I'm trying to memorize this new spell." That statement wasn't entirely untrue, but the real distraction was his throbbing, caged, denied penis. He'd had to put it on two days ago since he needed to go outside on errands. When he'd gotten back, Nimira hadn't removed it and had managed to not "get around to it" for several agonizing days.

Prior to his trip into town to do errands, he... might have seduced Lan into fucking him and then ridden the half-elf senseless afterwards. He'd been exhausted, and Nimira was a little pissed that she hadn't gotten fucked on her birthday. He didn't even know it had been her birthday! It wasn't fair at all. He took the dress he was washing out of the basin and hung it up to dry.

"Oh? What one is it?" The girl asked.

"Knock. I think I've got it under control, gonna try it out in a bit. Maybe I'll come back to the laundry later tonight," He sighed in frustration. This cage was driving him mad. Even when he'd been trapped in his room at home he'd been able to touch himself.

"It's not a hard spell, and you're a quick learner I'm sure you'll figure it out. Don't let me stop you from postponing your chores, but you know Nimira will be pissed if you skip out on doing doing them altogether."

"I'm not skipping! Seriously!" He protested, not entirely convincing himself, let alone the other girl.

He finished up and snuck away to the shared dormitory. It was empty now, and he had enough privacy to lift up the hem of his dress to see the insidious little cage wrapped around his cock. Karee breathed deeply, and started casting the spell. He'd never done this one before, but he kept his focus, and channeled the divine magic through him. He murmured the words of the spell softly, not wanting anybody to overhear him, and directed the magic into the tiny little lock. It took hold, recognizing the lock, recognizing it as the thing the spell was designed to subvert, and the magic twisted the mechanism about, trying to wrest it open, to open that which was closed. The little lock on Karee's chastity cage rattled a little bit, but ultimately, it didn't open. 

"Oh come the fuck on!" Karee whined, tugging at the lock in frustration. It didn't yield, and only tugged painfully on his balls. Nimira must have charmed it or something, because that spell should have opened any non magical locked object. That's what the cleric Karee had asked had told him, anyway. With a sigh, Karee lowered the hem of his dress back down and straightened it out, resolving himself to enact to plan B, which was a lot riskier.

Smoothing his dress out, he calmly and confidently left the dormitory and walked through the halls of the temple. He arrived at Lan and Nimira's room, which was actually literally across the hall from Nimira's office and dungeon. It wasn't locked but he knew Nimira would have it warded. He started casting again, trying to weave his magic into the magic of the wards in a way that would unravel and dismiss them without setting them off and alerting Nimira. He felt his dispel work, or, he felt it complete, anyway. If it hadn't actually worked he'd find out soon enough, and he creaked the door open. Nothing. No alarms. Well, no alarms that he could hear, if it was a silent alarm he'd never know.

He slipped inside and shut the door behind him, and made for Nimira's bedside dresser. He opened it and started rifling around inside it, searching for the key to his cage. "Has to be here somewhere..." he muttered, spending several minutes searching through both drawers. The drawers were absolutely packed with sex toys, restraints, and things to hit people with. Things to hit him with, specifically. He recognized several of them.

"Approach." It was Nimira's voice, but not her voice at the same time. It echoed deeply, the single command impressing itself into his mind over and over and over. Karee felt his body stiffen, and his thoughts faded, replaced only with a desire to do as she asked. He turned around woodenly and walked up to Nimira, who stood in the doorway, smirking at him. He panicked a little as he realized he'd been caught but despite his best efforts, he couldn't stop himself until he walked right up next to her. Nimira tangled her hands into Karee's messy hair and tugged his head back. He felt her compulsion fade, the mental constraints replaced by the physical restraint of the threat of a savage hair pulling.

"H-Hey... Mistress... I... Uhh... I set off the wards, didn't I?" Karee laughed nervously, hoping she'd be in a good mood. 

"Not on the door, actually. I'm impressed, slut, nice job dispelling those. A+. But nah, I warded the cage itself. It alerted me when it got near my rooms." Nimira laughed and started tugging harder, craning Karee's head backwards until he was looking up at the ceiling and struggling to stand. He let out a peep of distress but made no real effort to get free from his predicament. Even if he managed to get his hair out of her hands she could just compel him again, she was so good at that spell, he never managed to resist it.

"I don't suppose you're gonna let me take it off?" He asked hopefully, flashing a hopeful smile.

"Let you free? Why would a sluttly little boy whore like you need his cock free?" Nimira laughed at him cruelly and pulled a tiny bit harder, making Karee squeak in pain.

"Uhhh... I was gonna go by Mommy's room tonight, she had some new panties she bought for me. I was gonna wear them and-"

"Yeah, you wanna fuck Raka, I get it. Don't really get the whole Mommy thing but whatever. What I don't get is why you need your cage off, you nasty little pervert," Nimira growled angrily. Karee knew she wasn't actually angry, but that didn't mean she was any less likely to hurt him. Actually, she'd never actually physically hurt him when she was angry.

"But... How am I s'posed to..." he whined.

"Slut, Raka asked the Goddess for a cock specifically so that she wouldn't have to bottom. I know first hand how much she loves sticking her dick in people, do not lie to me and tell me that you are the one sticking your useless little dickie in her."

"What? No, of course not, but... how will it work if..." He pouted a little, confused. He wasn't exactly thinking terribly clearly at the moment.

"If you're caged? Same way it always does. You know what? It sounds like you need a demonstration, and I'm in a teaching mood for my best student." she dragged him over to her large fluffy bed backwards and by his hair.

"Uhh, H-hey! Mistress!" he squirmed as Nimira spun him around and then put her foot on his butt and gave him a shove forward.

"Be a good little slut and don't move," she left him bent over her bed and went to her closet to start rummaging around.

He waited, still frustrated at his inability to actually get an erection, but he knew Nimira would get her way unless he grew enough of a spine to tell her no. And, frustrated as he was right now, he wasn't any good at telling Nimira no.

Two of Nimira's fingers were unceremoniously thrust into his boy cunt and he groaned at the rough penetration. It was both pleasurable and painful, as his cock tried to harden and only succeeded in making his balls ache. Nimira started to scissor her fingers apart, stretching him until he gasped. "Wow. I can see all the way into your pretty pink insides. You're such a little anal whore, you know that?"

"Yes, Mistress, I... ugh... I know..." he groaned happily. The stretching was a nice feeling and it wasn't making his little cock ache in its cage like the pressure on his bitch gland was.

"Well, I can't complain. Using the big one is kinda hot." she chuckled as she withdrew her fingers and replaced them with the tip one of her fake cocks. She started to push, the slick rubber invading his stretched hole. 

"Fuck... ugh... yesss... Owww..." Karee whined and moaned as the intrusion pressed all his buttons, including pressing very overtly into his prostate. That, unfortunately, made his balls ache as his cock tried to stiffen in its confines. It was an agonizing mix of pleasure and pain. "You're such a cunt... Mistress..." he whined as he started to gyrate and wriggle on the invading dildo, desperate to have himself free of the cage but doubting very much that Nimira had any intention of granting him that freedom.

"Yeah, I know." Nimira snickered as she pushed again, and a shiver went down Karee's spine as another length of fake cock was shoved up his ass. He had been expecting that to be the end of it but Nimira had just shoved several more inches up there. 

"How... big..." He grunted, and looked over his shoulder. The dildo strapped around Nimira's waist probably still had a good seven inches left to go and it already felt like he was pretty full.

"I told you this is the big one, you dumb bitch. Seriously, it's like you lose half your brainpower whenever I so much as touch your slutty boy pussy. The dildo is like thirteen inches I think, I forget. And yeah I'm stuffing this whole thing up your greedy little twat. I wanna see if I break you. I mean, if I do break you, I can always heal you. Now... let's get this around the bend..." She gripped his waist tightly and gave another hip thrust forward, gently sawing the cock in and out, persistently working against what felt like it must be the 'bottom' of his poor abused insides. 

"Theeeeeeere we goooo." She crooned happily in her baby voice as something inside him shifted and the cock slid deeper inside.

"Ahh! Aaaahhhhh..." Karee whined as a shiver ran down his spine, the huge dildo reaching spaces inside him that he'd never felt before, the barrier that the heavy cock had been battering into had just swung open to allow further entry into his tight passage. Another inch... and another. Soon, Karee was seeing stars and whimpering in protest as he was more stuffed than he'd thought possible.

"Mmm... fuck that's hot... ugh... You might not enjoy this, slut, but I sure am..." Nimira's usual bitchy tone was supplanted by her heavy breathing and soft moans. She slapped his ass with both hands and thrust her hips forward at the same time, moaning loudly as she did, though Karee could barely hear it over his own squeals. Nimira kept repeating the process, slapping hard, and thrusting at the same time, and bit by bit, the last inch was forced up Karee's stuffed boicunt, his caged cock twitching, aching, and leaking a constant strand of precum. Nimira's hips pressed into Karee's ass and she groaned.

"Whew. Shit. I just came. How bout you, slut?" Nimira exhaled heavily. She reached down and fondled Karee's caged clitty, as though to check if he'd cum.

"Biiiiiitch!" Karee wailed, trying to squirm away from Nimira's hands which were only making his cock throb more, but impaled as he was on a foot of cock, his escape options were limited and all he really succeeded at doing was wriggling around like he was a bitch in heat.

Nimira snickered and ignored the boys' distress as she resumed a steady fucking pace of shallow thrusts for herself that she knew would bring her to another orgasm easily. Karee regularly cycled between crying, begging, and cussing her out as his little cock flopped around uselessly in its cage, bouncing in time with her thrusts.

"Mmm... I'm gonna ruin you for Raka... gonna stretch this pussy out... Lan's gonna come bitching to me that you're all worn out... fuuuck..." Nimira gasped as she started to breathe heavily, her thrusts becoming increasingly erratic. Her hands started to squeeze his hips tightly, her fingers digging in painfully. "Yesss... what a good little cunt... I..." Nimira screamed, a soft squeaky noise that kept going as she humped the huge cock into Karee's tight boy pussy. Karee lay there limply, taking the reaming passively and whining continuously. He didn't cum, as desperately as he wanted to and as close as he was, he couldn't climb the final stretch. A neat little puddle of frustrated precum lay there pooled on Nimira's bed, rather than the typical messy results of the anal orgasm he wanted.

"Whoo~ That was fun. How you holding up, bitch?" Nimira let out a happy sigh, starting to pull her strapon out of Karee's abused asshole.

"I... hate... you... Mistress..." Karee wheezed, flopping forward on the bed as the oversized dildo popped free of his twitching asshole. He didn't mean it. Well... not really. He hated her a little bit at just this very moment.

Nimira laughed, and Karee felt her grabbing at his caged cock again. He whined weakly in protest but she didn't let him get away. After some brief fiddling, he heard a click and the pressure on his balls relented. "There we go. Now, next time, you'll think twice before you fuck my husband on my birthday or break into my room, right?"

"I didn't even know it was your birthday! That's not fair!" Karee complained as he curled up into fetal position, shielding his abused genitals.

Nimira slapped his ass, hard. "For once, you're right. It's not fair. But more importantly, that sounded like girly whining and not a "Yes Mistress", you filthy little Aasi skank." The slap hurt and Karee felt her rearing back for another.

"Yes Mistress! Right! Sorry!" Karee squealed as he scurried across the bed, avoiding the painful spanking that he was sure would follow.

Nimira laughed triumphantly as she started unbuckling her strapon, which, was actually so big now that he was seeing the whole thing that he had no idea how it had all fit inside him. "Well, I had an orgasm and a great time, and you're frustrated and gonna hafta find someone else to fuck you. Sounds like we're even, now get the fuck out of my room and seriously if you break in here again I'm gonna shove something very very not fun up your cunt and then I'm gonna lock you up for a week."

Not wanting to test her patience, Karee leaped to his feet and scampered out of the room, leaving the gleeful Nimira behind.

His pace broke and he started limping weakly towards Rakas room with the most uncomfortable half-boner of his life tenting his dress. Several people gave him weird looks as he passed them, probably because of the limp and not the tent. When he got there, he found Raka's door unlocked and ajar, but he knocked anyway. There was a long pause but no answer came, so Karee creaked the door open a few more degrees and peeked inside. Raka was there, sitting cross-legged in front of her altar, her eyes closed. He let himself in and quietly walked over to her, taking a seat next to her and waiting. She wasn't just meditating or having a quiet prayer, he realized pretty quickly that she was focusing on a spell and probably couldn't possibly have heard or noticed him no matter what he did. 

Naughty ideas about what he could do with this opportunity started to brew after several minutes of waiting, but then before he could enact any, Raka's violet eyes fluttered open. "Hello there, my little angel... you look a little flustered, are you alright?"

"Uhh... yeah. Nimira used the big one on me..." Karee blushed at the soft laugh that comment got.

"Well then... Mommy's gonna have to be extra nice to her little boy..." Raka chuckled, dragging Karee into a kiss.

For the first time in several days, Karee got a normal boner, and it was the best thing ever.