 Raka chuckled and leaned in, kissing Karee gently, lovingly. It was a bit of an odd feeling, to see her being once again so delicate, after basically covering him in scratch and bite marks. He could still feel the sting of her nails raked across his back and the bite mark on his shoulder still throbbed gently. He didn't really mind, of course, it had been a good time. Raka delicately ran a finger in circles around one of his nipples, making Karee shudder. His body was a little too exhausted to be turned on by the gentle stimulation but it still felt nice

"It sounded like you enjoyed yourself, darling," Raka murmured, breaking the kiss and nuzzling Karee's cheek gently.

Karee giggled, still sitting in the big wet spot on the bed where he came twice. "Uh-huh. Why'd you keep asking me if I wanted to stop, though?"

Raka chuckled, "Did you have sex with me because you wanted to or because I'm the High Priestess?" she asked. Karee thought for a moment that she was asking because she was insecure, but her tone sounded confident, and when he turned his head a little to look her in the eyes, she didn't look worried at all.

"I wanted to," Karee answered truthfully.

"Ah, but I have no way of knowing that, and my gift from Myria makes me... a little eager, sometimes. I don't want to force anybody to do anything they don't want to." Raka smiled knowingly.

"So... the Goddess gave you... a penis?" Karee felt a little weird asking. It had made him cum really really hard, and he didn't want to sound critical, he was just curious.

"Mmhmm. I was deliberately mutilated at birth, and I was never able to receive pleasure from my vagina. As a reward for my service, Myria offered to restore me, but I... Well, let us say I put in a 'special' request," Raka's eyes glinted playfully and Karee felt the soft length of flesh resting on his belly twitch. Damn, was she getting ready to go again? She'd pumped sooo much into him earlier, he wasn't sure how any could possibly be left in her balls.

Karee reached down and idly played with Raka's cock, it felt so nice and soft and pliable in his hands. Raka moaned soft and low, purring and nuzzling into Karee's neck again.

"Mmmmm, I'd like nothing better than to spend all morning fucking you long and slow, darling, but I really don't have the time to spare. I'll very happily hold you to that offer later," She chuckled and gently removed Karee's hand from her dick before she got too worked up. "Change my sheets and make my bed as your morning chore. When you're done, go to your classes with Nimira."

Karee looked at Raka suspiciously, suddenly very dubious that his chore had "just" been to bring Raka breakfast on accident.

"Best not waste time dear, this little tryst didn't just make me late, and Nimira has lots of ways to punish you that are less fun than your first visit to her little dungeon," she gave him a playful little slap on the cheek and let him up, tossing her nightie in the corner and beginning the process of getting dressed. Karee scurried to start changing Raka's bedsheets, and before he even had the bed fully stripped she winked at him and left the room, off to do... whatever it was the high priestess actually did around here.

"Oh," Raka peeked her head back in the door less than two seconds after she left, "Sorry about destroying your underwear, they were really cute but I just really wanted you out of them as soon as possible, I'll make it up to you, dear," Raka blew him a kiss and left again.

As Raka had warned, Karee didn't have enough time to strip the bed, get dressed, re-dress the bed with replacements sheets from Raka's dresser, take the sheets to the laundry, and then make it to the room where Nimira was teaching class before the class actually started.

"Do you understand the concept of a quickie, Karee?" Nimira asked him as he came into the class halfway through the lesson, speaking loudly to try to embarrass him in front of the other initiates as he walked in.

"Uhh... yes?" Karee wasn't embarrassed but he didn't really get the joke.

"So, in the future, if you're going to let someone fuck you before class - yes, even the High Priestess - try to make them cum a little faster so you can actually get here on time. Sit down." The other initiates snickered at Karee as he came in.

"Maybe you could give me a demonstration?" Karee asked, grinning and bouncing on the soles of his feet.

"Shoulda known you'd have no shame. Sit down, slut," Nimira rolled her eyes and turned her attention back to the class as Karee took a seat.

She was giving a lesson about energy, the planes, and the gods. It was all stuff Karee knew, although Nimira was putting a bit of a different perspective on it, the church back at home had told him something about the celestial planes being "above" the abyssal ones or something, the way Nimira was explaining it, they all sort of overlapped and fluctuated, position-wise. Even as a kid he's sort of found the imagery of the planes of freaking existence being stacked on top of each other like dominos to be a dumb idea.

At one point, the door swung open quietly, and Lan slipped into the class. Nimira gave him a look as he silently walked off to the side and leaned against the wall, waiting patiently. Karee looked over and him and waved, giving him a smile. Lan returned it weakly, then his gaze flickered off to the side and he winced.

Wssssh!

Karee yelped in surprise as a sharp sting laced across his upper arm where he'd been struck. He jumped in his seat and recoiled, looking to see Nimira walking back to the front of the class, a long, thin, flexible implement held in her hands. She continued the lecture as though nothing had happened, and Karee made sure to keep his eyes forward for the rest of the lesson.

"Alright, that'll be it for now, kiddos. I'll see all of the spell casters tonight for practice. Karee I want you there too." She walked over to Lan, her face neutral. Lan eyed her warily, and sure enough, as soon as she got near, she sprung forward, reaching for his face. Lan moved quickly and with practice, batting her arm away from him and trying to shove her away, but as he did, Nimira chanted a quick phrase, and Lan grunted and staggered. Resuming her initial route of attack, she reached forward, grabbing Lan by one of his slightly pointed ears.

"Ow! Ow! Nimira what-" Lan recovered from the spell quickly but he wasn't eager to try and get away from her with his ear pinched so tightly between her fingers.

"What did I tell you about flirting with my initiates during class, Lan?"

"I wasn't! He..." Lan trailed off, clearly realizing that he wasn't going to convince Nimira in a hundred years.

"Wait in my office like you're supposed to." Nimira let him go, hands on her hips.

"I just..." Lan looked at Karee, weakly, "I left your stuff in the..." he trailed off again and slunk out of the room, throughly defeated.

Nimira looked at Karee, too "Take ten minutes to get your stuff organized and then come see me in my office too. Get outta here, all of you, enjoy the rest of the day. Say a prayer or something." She walked out, not really storming off in a huff like Karee's mom would if she didn't get her way. Nimira's pace was perfectly calm and she even had a bit of a smile on her face.

Karee went back to the dormitories and found a bundle of his stuff lying on his bed. He opened it up and looked through it, a small purse of coins that all seemed to be accounted for, a few changes of clothes, including some panties which he actually needed after Raka had disintegrated the pair he'd been wearing. He put the things away, puttered around for a few minutes, then left to go to Nimira's office. He wasn't really that worried, Nimira was definitely... very abrasive, but she didn't seem unreasonably vindictive or anything. Karee had spent his entire life surrounded by unreasonably vindictive people, so he knew it when he saw it.

Karee knocked on the door and waited patiently. Nimira opened it, standing in the doorway with a vaguely sinister smile. She was idly brandishing that same switch she'd slapped him with in class in one hand. She didn't say anything, but cocked an eyebrow at him after a second.

"Hey, Lady Nimira, am I early? You said to-" As he spoke, Nimira carressed his cheek gently with her free hand, slowly moving her hand around to the back of his head. In one switft motion, she gripped him by his hair and yanked his head back so that his neck was cranked back and exposed, making him squeal in surprise and pain.

"And here I thought you were a fast learner," she spoke sweetly, gently tapping Karee's exposed windpipe with her switch.

"Sorry! Mistress!" Karee squeaked, and she let go of his hair and went back into her office, leaving the door open behind her for him to follow her inside.

"Right, before we start, slut, I did want to have a small chat. I'm not really mad about you being late today, so don't worry about it, just don't make it a habit. Raka's the High Priestess, and she's my boss, but you're my initiate, so don't think that riding her dick is going to get you special treatment from me. The only thing that might get you some special treatment from me is if you're a good little plaything. I can't really spank you until you can't sit straight and then be cross when you're distracted in class, now can I?" She grinned at her mention of spanking him.

"Yes, Mistress, I understand," Karee felt his own excitement start to mount again. Even though he'd came his brains out twice on Raka's hard shaft earlier that morning, an afternoon was plenty long enough for him to recover.

"Right, so the second thing you need to know is your safeword is 'red' "

"Huh?"

"If you really completely change your mind, or you're hurt or sick or something, say 'red' and I'll stop." She walked over to him and grabbed him by his compact package, making him squeal. She didn't stroke or play with him, but rather used his cock and balls as a leash to lead him into the dungeon, and he kept a very brisk pace to keep up with her.

Karee blinked in surprise as he was dragged back into the dungeon. Sitting there, in a padded chair with wide armrests that allowed him to be tied to it while being splayed out, was Lan. He was gagged, and naked, and he looked at Karee, confused, then looked over at Nimira.

"Clothes off, sit there," Nimira instructed Karee, pointing to the pony he'd been tied to yesterday, and let him go with a pat on the ass. She walked over to Lan, clicking her tongue disappointedly. "So, Lan, I just explained to Karee that I'm not mad that he was late to class, or that he was making eyes at you, or that he interrupted me yesterday, do you know why?" Nimira asked sweetly. Lan mumbled around his gag, but Nimira didn't seem to think that qualified as a proper response.

With a hiss, she swung her cane, slapping Lan on the thigh. Lan groaned and thrashed in his bonds, glaring at Nimira. Karee arched an eyebrow at Lan as he took his seat on the pony, Nimira had definitely hit him harder than that and it really hadn't hurt that bad.

"I'm not mad at him, because, even though he's an Aasi, he's pretty well-behaved. Myria and Raka both seem to like him, so by all accounts he's a great recruit, plus..." with a whip-like turn, Nimira spun around and stuck Karee's thigh with her switch.

"Ah!" Karee whined and shivered at the pain, but held still, and looked up at Nimira, pouting.

"You see that, Lan? I hit him harder than you and he just moans and pouts. That's the real reason I'm not mad, It's been ages since Fiara moved out and since then I haven't had a real masochist to play with." Nimira grinned wickedly and nudged Karee's thighs apart with her switch. She swiftly struck him once, once on each inner thigh, making Karee pant and shudder. A moment later, he felt Nimira press the tip of the switch into the underside of his penis. Karee was surprised to feel it was hard, he hadn't noticed

Nimira laughed cruelly and leaned forward to grab one of Karee's nipples, twisting it hard. "Ahhh! Owwi-ooooooohhhhhhh." Karee's squealing protest somehow turned into a moan. It hurt, but the pain went straight to his crotch, fueling his lust.

"Soooo... You pissed me off, Lan, but things worked out good. Ultimately, I don't think I really need to take any disciplinary action, but... where's the fun in that? It's more entertaining to both punish and reward you, if you ask me." She pulled Karee up to his feet by his nipple, and pushed him towards Lan. "Hop on," she instructed, giving Karee a slap on the ass.

Lan looked at Karee, he seemed... conflicted, but his cock standing at full attention certainly wasn't conflicted about anything.

"I mean... you heard the lady, right?" Karee asked, giggling. He placed his hands on Lan's shoulders and swung his legs over his thighs. He leaned in close, rubbing his firm three and a half inches up against lan's nicely sized... seven? It was definitely a good amount shorter than Raka's goddess-granted cock, but it had a delicious-looking upcurve to it that was making Karee's hole twitch. He was actually face-to face with the tall half-elf, even sitting on his lap, and Karee giggled as he nuzzled Lan's cheek, unable to kiss him through the gag. He lifted himself up a little, placing Lan's cock at the entrance to his hole and rocked back and fourth a little, teasing the tip of Lan's cock.

"Myria's tits, enough with the foreplay," Nimira grumbled, putting a hand on Karee's shoulder and pushing him downward. Karee groaned in satisfaction as Lan's cock penetrated him, he did his best to slow his descent but Nimira made sure he kept a steady pace going. Inch by inch, Lan's hot cock slid into him, the upcurve squishing his prostate out of the way to make room for itself, drawing helpless mewls of pleasure from Karee as it did. Lan and Karee both groaned as Nimira pushed Karee down to the root of Lan's cock, encapsulating it fully in his tight hole.

"Thanks for the help, Mistress," Karee crooned cheekily, wiggling around on Lan's cock, making the gagged half-elf below him groan and flex against his bonds in frustration.

Nimira didn't answer for half a second, then Karee felt a solid SMACK on his ass, making him jump, almost removing the cock firmly nestled in his bitch pussy. "Brat," Nimira said accusingly, although it seemed like she was plenty happy to have an excuse to spank him, and Landed two more on him for good measure.

Karee giggled, the pain and the glorious feeling of being filled by dick driving him wild with lust already. He started sliding up and down on Lan's excruciatingly hard cock, making the half-elf tilt his head back in a combination of frustration and pleasure. His hands flexed in their bonds and he groaned around his gag, clearly wanting to have a less passive role in fucking him. Karee grinned, leaning forward to plant a kisses on Lan's neck as he bounced and squeezed his anal muscles on the man below him, each slide sending a jolt of pleasure through him and a spurt of precum onto Lan's abdomen.

"I do like this contrast, the pale gold against your mother's drow side, Lan. Very pretty. Do you know what it needs, though?" Nimira asked, her voice the kind of fake sweet tone that Karee knew meant she was being insincere. Lan gave a muffled reply around his gag that sounded like a "no" along with some other elaboration that he couldn't make out. "That's right! We need some red in there!" Nimira cackled and Karee heard the swish of her cane, and Lan's muffled screams of pain. Every time she struck him, he jolted his hips up against the restraints and gave Karee a nice little jab into his bitch buzzer.

"Mmmmm... That's the spot right there..." Karee moaned, trying to give Lan the best angle he could.

"See? You needed some encouragement, you fuck like you're tied to a chair or something Lan. Would it kill you to put some effort into it?" The sarcastic comment from Nimira made Lan look over Karee's shoulder and glare at her.

Karee put his hand on Lan's cheek and moved his head back to look at him. He planted soft kisses around his face, doing his best to improvise some intimacy around the ball gag. "Mmm, cmon don't be grumpy, you're making me feel soooo good Lan, you ca-GAH!" Nimira struck Karee across the back of his left shoulder, leaving a burning line of pain in his flesh. "What was that-OWW!" Nimira struck him equally hard across his right shoulder, and laughed delightedly at his reaction

"You make pretty noises when I hit you," Nimira answered. "Why? You don't really think I need a REASON to hit you, do I?"

"No, you don't Misst- Oww! I was going to say Mistress!" Karee lost his rhythm of bouncing of Lan's cock, the delightful wildfire of pleasure that had been spreading through him starting to burn a little bit lower. As he did, he heard Lan mumble something disappointedly.

Nimira drummed her switch on Karee's ass in a series of rapid taps. "Not sure what part of 'I don't need a reason' is going over your head. Come on slut, don't disappoint Lan, this is supposed to be punishment and reward, right?" The threat of more strikes compelled Karee back into motion, and then the next delicious grind against his prostate reminded him that he didn't need threats to want to fuck the cock beneath him.

Karee learned forward, and with a bit of experimentation, found an angle that let him grind his little stiffie against Lan's hard abdomen. The two-pronged stimulation made him gasp and shiver, his girly moans accompanying the chorus of slaps and grinding flesh. Suddenly, he felt Nimira behind him, her head next to his ear, and her hands slowly circling around his puffy nipples. She started pulling on them, hard, just hard enough to slowly back him down from his orgasm.

"Mistressss, whyyyy...?" Karee whined, grinding harder onto Lan's cock to push himself back towards the anal orgasm he was trying to have, which had the effect of making Lan groan and pant heavily, even through the gag.

"How many times did you cum on Raka's dick earlier, cunt?" Nimira asked.

'T-Two..." Karee admitted, far too horny to actually think up a believable lie.

"And you're trying to get yourself off before Lan finishes? Don't be greedy, bitch, let him finish first." Nimira played with his chest, for several moments, alternating between making him whine and squeal by squeezing and pinching, and then making him gasp and wince by digging her nails in.

"But... I can go twic- AGH!" Nimira interrupted him again by pushing hard into his nipples with her nails first, an act that was a lot more painful than he would have thought.

"Don't negotiate with your Mistress, slut, do what I tell you." she growled, before eventually letting the pressure up.

"C-Cmon big guy, fill me up, give it to me..." Karee whispered, encouraging Lan to finish for reasons that were less than altruistic, the dick plundering his hole felt so good, his body felt like it was on fire. "Your dick is so hot, it's driving me wild..."

Lan grunted through his gag, his body starting to spasm and flex against the bonds that held him securely in place. With one final muffled scream and a push against the bindings that was utterly futile but still made the chair shift about slightly, Lan's length swelled and twitched inside Karee. He clearly felt the first two jets of cum plaster the walls of his rectum, the hot sensation of being Creampied sent a delightful shiver through Karee that made his own denied lust rise up.

"M-Mistress, he's... ugh..." Karee groaned desperately, holding back was so hard...

"Fuck, you're a gluttonous little whore, aren't you? Alright go ahead." Nimira chuckled.

Karee let out a high pitch scream, his legs tightening around Lan's waist and his arms around Lan's neck. His little cocklet spermed all over Lan's chest and stomach as Lan spewed his own so far deep into Kaee's intestines that he'd be leaking all day. "Fuck... aaahhhhhh" Karee squealed so loud the rest of the temple probably heard him. Lan did his best to thrust his restricted hips up into the hot sucking hole that was milking him dry as Karee rode out his anal orgasm until his leg muscles were too weak to continue to grind against Lan's slowly softening dick. After his diminutive cock spurted for the fourth time on Lan's chest, he collapsed limply on the tied up and now slightly sticky half-drow beneath him.
