 Karee slammed his empty mug down on the counter. "And he said not't come back until i'm a real man! Jush cuz i dont wanna fight some schtupid demons in the stupid planes like his dad n all the whole family. You know what! Screw em i'm gonna be a bad... hic. Bad person just to show them..." He slurred, his golden blonde hair falling in front of his face as he slouched forward. 

"Yeah, parents," The barkeep agreed with him, not very interested in his rant.

Karee collapsed forward on the counter and started crying uncontrollably.

"Look I can deal with the babbling but if you're gonna cry you can do it in the corner. And settle your tab." The barkeep finally got annoyed with him.

Karee sniffled and straightened up. He pulled his coin pouch out and dropped it on the counter, it jingled heftily. "was the tab?" He paid up for his drinks and started wobbling off to the corner to cry some more. Right before he got there, two men stood up from their table to block him.

"You're carrying some serious coin there, Aasi, what's a stuck-up rich celestial doing in Blackstone?" The one on the left was big with dark hair and a gross-looking beard spoke first.

"I'm nooot rich it's my stupid parents money I kinda took it when I ran off... look I just borrowed I'm gonna give it back when they apologize."

"You ran off, huh? I guess if I were a stuck-up as fuck Aasimar I wouldn't want a crying little femme like you for a son either."

"Hey! That's... screw you... you stupid fuckin' orc"

"I'm a human, idiot." The other man was actually pretty average height and build, there was nothing remotely orcish about him. He grabbed Karee by the shirt and pulled him forward. The other man went up and grabbed for his purse and cloak.

"Hey! Those are mine...!" Karee struggled and pushed back against the not-orc. 

All three of them stopped at the sound of steel being drawn. Someone had stood up. He was a handsome-looking half-elf, or... maybe half-drow? Tall and lean but he moved with the grace of a practiced swordsman, his dark hair tied back in a ponytail, and his violet eyes contrasted with his darker skin. "Now I know you two aren't planning on mugging this kid before he even leaves this fine establishment, that just sounds bad for business." His voice was cold.

"Look, Lan, this Aasi has no business..."

"Take the hint. Leave." The half-elf - Lan, cut the not-orc off.

The two looked at Karee for a second, before reluctantly letting him go and storming out of the bar. Karee wobbily turned around and smiled at the half-elf. "Thanksh... you're... hot..." He stumbled and caught himself on a chair.

Lan sheathed his sword and looked back at the bartender, "Did he come in with anybody?"

"Nope. And if he passes out I'm having him thrown out on the street."

Lan sighed. "Alright, you've had a bit much there, little guy, why don't you sleep it off at my place."

"Really?! Wow you're so nice," Karee giggled as Lan lifted him onto his feet. They got two steps when Karee tripped and fell. Lan caught him and picked him up, carrying his small frame easily. You're... great you're not like my stupid family at all..." 

"Uh-huh"

Lan's place wasn't far away, and before Karee knew it he was lying face-down on Lan's bed. He passed out almost immediately.

The brightest beam of sunlight in the entire multiverse hit Karee in the eyes, waking him up. "Damn," he grumbled, sitting up in bed. Wait... bed? He'd been sleeping in the back of the wagon of the caravan he'd rode in with. Where was he?

"Awake at last," A strange voice came from the other side of the room. Whatever room this was.

Karee looked over at the source of the voice. "Oh, hi! I'm Karee. Did... we have sex last night?" he asked, legitimately not sure if drunk Karee would have slept with this guy. He sure knew sober Karee would.

"Uhh... no, you passed out immediately. I'll make you some coffee," The half-drow left Karee alone in the tiny room. Doing his best to fight the hangover, Karee hopped up out of bed and followed the half-elf out of his tiny bedroom into... an equally tiny kitchen/living room/etcetera. Karee plopped his butt down into one of the two chairs at the small table and waited for the half-drow to bring the coffee.

"So what's your name?" Karee asked cheerfully, ignoring the headache. Aasimar had fast metabolisms, he figured he'd be sobered up in an hour or two.

"Lan," he answered, setting the coffee down at the table and taking the other seat. "Karee, can I ask why an Aasimar is getting drunk and waving around a purse full of money in Blackstone?"

"Is that what I ended up doing? Yeesh, was I trying to get robbed?"

"You almost did."

"Oh. Really?"

"Yes."

"Well... my family are big rich people out in Erellon, lots of righteous people, servants of Lanya, most Aasimar go on a pilgrimage there to find purpose, blah blah blah. Thing is, they're veeerry traditional there, and I'm really not into the whole sacred purity serve Lanya unflinchingly kinda stuff."

"So you came to Blackstone to do... what exactly? Join the church of Myria?" Lan asked with a bit of a chuckle

"Maybe? I dunno. Look I didn't think this through very well or even... Well, at all." Lan was staring at him and listening to his answer very intently. 

"So just what were you planning on doing then? I'd like to know that I didn't help you out just to have you end up dead in a gutter."

"Well," Karee said seductively, leaving his coffee on the table. "I was thinking..." he stood up and walked over to Lan. "That if I so happened to owe any sexy half-elf boys a biiiiig thank you..." he swung his leg over Lan's and plopped down on his lap. "That it would only be proper to repay that favor as soon as I could. Don't you think?"

"Karee you don't have to," Lan started. What a gentleman. 

"I really... really want to," Karee leaned forward and whispered in Lan's ear.

With permission granted, Lan grabbed Karee's ass and squeezed, eliciting a giggle from him. Karee squirmed and ground his butt against the half-elf's crotch, ran his hands through his black hair and admired his dark skin. His plump butt found Lan's boner in short order, and he made sure to grind on it extra hard.

"You're so beautiful," Lan whispered, staring into Karee's golden eyes. "I couldn't stand to see those two cunts pushing you around."

"My hero..." Karee whispered, sliding backwards off Lan's lap. He came to a rest on his knees, his face in blowjob range of Lan's bulge. He gazed up at the half-drow's features while he fished around in his pants. He pulled out Lan's swollen seven inches of cock, the engorged head purple with a drop of moisture at the tip. Wow, I really did a number on him, Karee mused.

Maintaining eye contact, Karee leaned in and ran his tongue up and over the underside of his cock to collect the droplet. He swallowed slowly, savoring the salty and slightly musky taste.

Lan groaned as Karee started jerking his cock off, his face so close that he must be feeling his hot breath. Lan grabbed a handful of Karee's golden hair and pushed gently.

Karee gladly moved forward, sucking Lan's head and first few inches into his hungry mouth. He sucked gently and flicked his tongue across the sensitive tip of Lan's manhood, making the bigger man buck his hips up gently. Karee gently squeezed and stroked the length of Lan's cock that wasn't in his mouth as he lavished attention on the tip, slowly increasing and decreasing the pressure of his suction.

Karee eased his hand away as he started to press forward, forcing more of the half-elf's into his mouth. He slowly moved his hand over Lan's testicles and rubbed them gently, his other hand rubbing slow circles on his perineum.

Lan finally cracked his eyes open and returned Karee's eye contact as his dick battered at the entrance of the girly boy's throat. His golden eyes twinkled as he started to work himself into a rhythm, up and down, harder and softer.

"You're gonna make me cum at this rate, cutie..." Lan brushed some of Karee's hair out of his eyes. Karee couldn't smile but he hummed appreciatively, not losing pace on the blowjob.

"Ah... Karee take it out I'm gonna..." Karee most certainly did not take it out, he braced himself, sucking for all he was worth.

"Dark Lady...Uuuggghhh" Lan whispered, as his cock swelled and started depositing its cum into Karee's hungry mouth. He continued suckling gently on Lan's cock, extending his orgasm and drawing out as much of the salty treat as he could get. Lan's cum was salty and musky, so much different than the few boys Karee had blown at home. The masculine taste made his head swim, it was already sitting in his mouth and yet somehow he ached for it. Karee pulled back, keeping his lips tight around Lan's cock. As soon as he was clear of it, another small spurt came out, hitting him in the nose and making him giggle. Karee looked up at Lan reverently, and slowly opened his mouth, showing him the load he'd shot. Lan watched, entranced, as Karee slowly tilted his head back and swallowed.

"So..." Lan said, catching his breath. "What now, little Aasimar?"

"Guess I need to find a place to stay. Your place is barely big enough for you," Karee giggled, wiping his mouth off.

"You know... I actually do recruiting for people who are always looking for new initiates."

"Initiates? That doesn't sound like a job."

"They provide room and board, and they're sponsored by the city."

Karee frowned innocently at Lan. "Sounds too good to be true. Who are they?"

"The Church of Myria, the Dark Lady," Lan answered simply.

Karee blinked. Lan had mentioned them earlier, but he'd thought he was kidding. At home he'd heard all kinds of grisly and unsettling stories about the dark goddess Myria. Then again, he'd also heard lots of bad stories about both pre-marital sex and homosexuality, and those had turned out to be Awesome, so maybe it was all nonsense? Lan had certainly treated him better than his family ever had.

"Umm... maybe? Would I be allowed to sneak off and see you?" Karee smiled and batted his eyelashes at Lan.

"Knowing the people who run this coven I'm sure that if I showed up to 'see you' in the common room then they'd probably watch."

Karee squirmed. Okay, that sounded hot. "What do I have to do?"

"I'm actually supposed to be there now. I'm late already. You can come with me if you'd like."

Karee pouted. He'd kind of hoped to 'come with him' again before he' left, but it did sound like he'd have opportunities to ride that dick later.

"Now?" He asked.

"Yeah, now. You can grab your belongings later - wherever they are."

It wasn't much, just some clothes and basic stuff in a trunk back on the wagon. He had to move it by tomorrow anyway. Alright, what was the worst that could happen? Besides his parents would flip out if they heard he was serving Myria, which would serve those jerks right.

"I'm in!" Karee bounced excitedly, grinning up at Lan, still holding the half-drow's deflating penis in his hand.