 NOTE: Character development? in THIS story? Heresy.

***

The tiefling woman groaned as Karee laid his hands on her abdomen, although she didn't appear to be fully aware he was there. Karee murmured the incantation for the healing spell quietly, and for the fifth time in less than half an hour he felt Myria's power flowing through him. She gasped a little as her wounds started closing, and with a shuddering breath, she lost consciousness as the last of Karees power petered out and the bleeding stopped.

"I think... thats all I got..." Karee panted, feeling exhausted from channeling all that magic. He felt a tad embarrassed, he knew a more experienced cleric could have done all he'd done and not broken a sweat.

"They owe you their lives, miss. Hah! When I tell that one there that an Aasi kept her from bleeding out she wont believe me," the caravan owner pointed at the unconscious tiefling woman Karee had been attending.

"They probably need more care. I just stabilized them." Karee mumbled.

"Yeah, but if we'd had to spend time tracking down a cleric of Myria, they'd probably have bitten it before they got here. They'll be right pissed if they hear that a Lanyan beat them to it, but I'll keep my mouth shut about it." She gave Karee a wink.

"Oh, no, I'm from the church of Myria. I just happened to be in the area," Karee corrected her, slumping down onto the cold stones of the street, feeling dizzy.

"You... really?" She asked, furrowing her brow.

"Yeah. Long story... uhh... I don't suppose you have a place where i can lie down for a bit?" Karee asked, feeling a bit wobbly.

"Oh yeah. Sure thing, use the lead wagon. Take as long as you need, those damned orcs made sure that were not going anywhere for a few days."

Karee wearily nodded his gratitude and dragged hid feet over to the wagon. It wasn't much but it was covered and had a well used cot for him to lie on. His dress fanning out on it as he laid down, Karee found himself drifting into a light snooze almost immediately.

Nimira was there in his dreams, wearing her usual evil grin. The big fake phallus she'd strapped onto herself and fucked him with last night clearly visible, she was stroking it and grinning at him. "Karee what are you wearing? Wake up." Her voice didnt have her usual playful bitchiness, it was stern, mature. Just like his... Nimira changed into a tall Aasimar, imposing and wearing full plate armor, her eyes looked like two openings into a glowing white expanse, even giving off a little light. His mom.

Karee jolted upright with a frightened gasp, only to scream when he saw she was still there.

"Youre such a little drama queen I don't know where you get that from. And why in the goddess' name are you wearing a dress?" His mom, Purity, stood in the wagon, her hands on her hips. It took Karee a moment to realize it wasn't actually her, but a projected image, she was probably still at home in the temple, getting one of the clerics to do this for her. "Honestly you didn't have to put on this big circus of running away just to get my attention. I get that you're unhappy Karee and I promise we'll talk about it when you come back-"

.

"No!" Karee yelled, interrupting her. "Don't lie to me Purity, I did need to run away to get your attention, and..." he trembled with anger, realizing he'd just fallen for her typical trick. Again. "...That's not even why I did it!! I ran away to get away from you. To live my own life." Karee knew there'd be no talk, no effort to address his grievances if he came home. Part of him wanted to believe his mother, that they could be a family again, but he angrily stepped on that part until it shut up.

"To live your life sleeping in the middle of the day and having dirty dreams in the back of a wagon." Purity's voice dripped disdain, and she waved dismissively at Karee's crotch.

Karee glared back at her, refusing to hide his boner. She was the one using divine magic to spy on him, he was not going to be ashamed. "Yeah, Purity, and you know what I was doing last night? I was having sex with this hot Drow guy, he fucked me until i screamed and came all over his bed while his wife watched-" Karee stopped his hysterical rant, his Mom had glared at him and winked out of existence halfway through Karee's explicit description.

He sat back in the cot. He could feel himself shaking. His heart was racing. It wasnt just anger but fear too. His mom had found him, and he didnt doubt for a second that she may very well try and drag him back there. So much anger... it actually scared him almost as much as Purity did, he'd never been this angry, even back at home when he'd been dealing with her and his dad every day.

"You alright, Miss?" a hand and a head poked through the flap, the caravan master from before. "Heard you screaming and yelling. Thought for a second you may have had a guy in here with you."

"Uhh... no... someone contacted me magically... sorry to disturb you, I should get back to the temple. Thank you for letting me rest here." Karee did his best to calm himself.

"'Course. Let the temple know we appreciate the support, especially since they refuse to charge us for it." She gave Karee an apprecative, innocent smile, and vanished from her spot between the flaps of canvas.

Karee took his time to calm his nerves, running his hands through his scruffy grown-out hair, and fixing the dress he was wearing that had gone slightly askew. When he went outside, one of the other senior priestesses along with two of his fellow initiates were tending to the wounded. They acknowledged him, but let him head on through without flagging him down. Karee dragged his feet through the city to one of the safehouses that had a staircase down into the temple, and got in past the guard, who just nodded at him. He was so preoccupied with his own thoughts on his way back to his bunk that he didn't even see his molester coming.

Karee let out a yelp as a warm, soft hand wrapped around his waist under the hem of his blouse, pulling his back up against a set of feminine curves, breasts pressed into his head and neck. "Hmmm.. where have you been hiding, my little angel?" Raka's hot breath tickled his ear, and her teeth nibbled playfully on his neck. Her gentleness came to a swift end before he could even answer the rhetorical question. Her hands wandered north, gripping and squeezing his boy tits roughly, pulling him roughly back against her, grinding her already-hard cock into his back.

In spite of his current trepidation, Karee's body responded in a way he was accustomed to. He moaned leaned his head back onto Raka's cleavage, his legs growing as weak as his willpower. Raka squeezed his nipples harder, and Karee could tell that his little nubs were extremely hard and swollen. Karee took in a deep shuddering breath and out out a shrill feminine moan as Raka's teasing sent electric shivers through his body. Raka spun him around, letting go of his titties and lifting him up by his ass, squeezing his fleshy cheeks with her surprisingly strong hands. She carried him into a nearby empty room adorned by several shelves of books and a couch, which she headed towards.

"I'm so fucking horny..." Raka purred, biting Karee's neck a little harder as she ground her heavy meat against Karee's stiff little clitty.

"Ahh.. Uhh.. yeah..." Karee muttered half-heartedly. He wasn't quite sure what was happening, he really liked Raka, he loved having sex with her, and this was super hot, but... He felt a tear trickle down his cheek, the anxiety and anger from earlier that day bubbling back up to the surface.

Raka let out a growl. This wasn't one of her normal, predatory growls, she sounded frustrated, and resigned. She carried him over to the couch and set him down on it, and then flopped down next to him. "Okay, sweetie, just give me a second... to calm down." She muttered, breathing hard.

"W...wha?" Karee asked, secretly relieved. He sniffled, and whimpered a little bit, feeling himself start to cry in earnest. What was... what was happening? He hadn't cried like this since he was little.

"Shhh... It's okay sweetie, it's okay," Raka dragged him onto her lap, cooing at him softly and stroking his hair as he sobbed. "It's alright to cry, go ahead and let it all out," she whispered.

Karee clutched Raka's dress as he sobbed, burying his face in her chest just above her breasts, his mother's words and recriminations playing in his head over and over and over, threatening to take away all these people he'd met who'd been so great to him. They stayed there for several minutes, and eventually, he did calm down. Raka patiently whispered to him and consoled him, no judgments, no questions, nothing other than support. "Feeling a little better?" Raka asked him quietly, still stroking his hair.

Karee nodded, clutching her closely, feeling her warmth against him.

"Do you want to tell me what happened? I can go get Nimira or Lan if you'd feel more comfortable talking to them." She asked, sounding a tad cautious. Oh no... Karee realized that she had no idea what had set him off. She must be worried.

"N-No!" he clutched her tighter. "Stay. I... I wanna..."

"Okay, don't worry hun, I'm not going anywhere," Raka assured him, gently scritching the back of his head with her nails, which Karee liked.

"Mommy... my mother... P-Purity... her name's Purity." Karee whispered, his voice wavering. Somehow, as he said it, he felt a bit of a burden lift off his shoulders. He'd said it, he named her, told another person.

"Purity is your mother?" Raka asked, clearly recognizing the name. Karee nodded, it made sense that Raka would know her, she'd probably clashed with clerics and paladins from back home before. "She's the commander of the Golden Sky Knights, isn't that right? And her husband is a high-ranking cleric of Lanya?"

"Y-Yeah... S-Sorry I never... I lied to you..." Karee sniffled, burying his face in her cleavage.

"Oh stop that, silly. I don't care who your parents are, I'm glad you're here," her powerful arms hugged him tightly, squeezing a little of his breath out of his lungs. "So what happened? Did you see someone out in the city who looked like her?"

"Uhh... no... she found me..." Karee whispered, shivering at the thought.

"She what?" Raka asked, an edge to her voice.

"She projected an image to me..." Karee explained, Raka immediately relaxing a little when he did. "She... she wants me to come home, but I don't... I won't go back..."

Raka snorted at that. "She'll have to drag you out of here over my dead and then reanimated and dead again body." She assured him, giving him a kiss on the forehead. "And even then I'll get back up and take you back before she takes more than three steps out of the city." Karee giggled a little, Raka's words legitimately making him feel a lot better.

"Thanks, Raka..." Karee sighed a little, closing his eyes. "You're more of a mom to me than she ever was..."

Raka chuckled, "Oh? Even taking into account how much I want to stuff that sweet little boyhole of yours with my penis right now?" she gave him another squeeze, this one somehow feeling slightly less than platonic.

Karee giggled, and gave her lap a little bit of a grind. "Yeah... Even taking into account that I really really want you to, you definitely are." He tilted his head up and gave Raka a kiss on the cheek. Raka moved fast, immediately grabbing his head and reorienting his face to kiss him full on the lips, her tongue invading his eager mouth. It felt so much better now... so right... "Raka..." he whispered as she broke the kiss, the two of them breathing hard, Raka's boner returning with a vengeance.

"Hmm... You know..." Raka mused, her hands roaming over his sensitive chest. "If I'm your mother now, you really shouldn't call me by my name. I may just... have... to... insist..." she punctuated each of the words with a pinch to his hardened buds, leaning in to whisper in his ear. "That you call me Mommy..." her tongue reached out, licking along the ridge of his ear as he shuddered. It wasn't the kind of thing that Karee thought should turn him on. It was actually kind of fucked up, but his cock twitched and his heart skipped a beat.

"Y-Yes, Mommy..." He whispered back to her, squirming in her grasp like an animal in heat.

"Good boy," she chuckled, biting his neck hard enough to make him squeal as a reward. She kept him there, squirming in pain and arousal for several minutes, her teeth lodged in his delicate flesh. Without warning, she gave him a shove, sending him sprawling onto his feet in front of her. "Get those clothes off," she purred, hiking her dress up to reveal her ebony shaft, already soaking wet, a steady trickle of pre making the dark organ glisten.

Karee ditched his skirt and blouse so fast he almost tripped, which Raka laughed at, softly and teasingly. "Crawl over here... Mommy didn't get to try those pretty little lips of yours last time..." she purred, beckoning him over with one finger.

Karee crawled over on all fours, wasting no time and running his pink little tongue up the underside of Raka's slick shaft, gathering up a small mouthful of her sweet precum. He swallowed it down, enjoying the strange taste. Karee hadn't had much chance to taste her last time, and he was eager to see what the magical... was it a magical cock? He honestly had no idea how that kind of divine intervention would work. Whatever. He wanted to taste her cum.

Raka growled low in her throat, gyrating her hips gently as Karee's talented mouth latched onto the steadily leaking head of her cock, his tongue swirling around it gently, gathering up all the sweet fluid that had coated it from their foreplay. He swallowed it greedily, enjoying the taste and the erotic sensations that swallowing it sent through his body.

"Gooood boooyyyy." Raka hummed, digging her nails painfully into Karee's upper back, pulling him closer and deeper onto her meat. She thrust forward quickly, her length eagerly pushing and battering at the entrance to Karee's throat. "Come on... take Mommy's cock in your tight throat, Karee..." She panted.

He struggled a little, choking and gagging as he did his best to relax his throat and let her in. It was proving difficult though, the constant drizzle of precum leaking out of Raka's cock kept tickling his throat and making him tense up. Growling impatiently, she continued to thrust and try to gain entry to his throat, pressing forward ever more insistently. On the third attempt, Karee gagged and pulled back, coughing as her cock popped free from his mouth, his eyes watering.

"Mmm... sorry sweetie, is my cock a little too big for you?" Raka sounded like she wanted to be sincere, but she was working against a raging libido, her eyes were staring hungrily at the boy at her feet.

"Y-Yeah... need a little more practice..." Karee cleared his throat a little, and rubbed some of the tears from his eyes, smiling up at Raka, who still had her nails dug into his back.

"Later. Can't wait," She breathed, pulling and assisting Karee back up onto her lap, straddling her. He was only upright for a few moments before she pulled him forward, one hand on his ass and the other on the back of his head, hungrily dragging him into a kiss, her tongue aggressively dominating his mouth. Karee moaned into the kiss, thrusting his hips forward, his slender cock rutting against Raka's hard wet shaft. Raka's steady flow of precum made his little cockette slip past, denying him the grind and the friction he wanted to stimulate him and satiate his lust. 

Raka growled into his mouth at the teasing stimulation on her cock, breaking the kiss and lifting him up higher, quickly and efficiently positioning her cock at the entrance to his greedy boicunt. Raka exhaled slowly, her breath hot against his neck, as she held him there. "Hope you're ready..." she whispered, and then sank her teeth painfully into the side of his neck again, making him squeal loudly. Karee shivered in pain, wanting to writhe against her, or to impale himself on her cock, but afraid to move with her teeth digging in to his throat so tightly, and the fact that he was already sore from the previous bite wasn't helping.

"Ow... fuck... Mommy, it hurts... ahhh..." Karee's protest ended when Raka began to push him downwards onto her cock, impaling him slowly but steadily. Karee gasped and grunted at the steady penetration, the hot length of drow cock split him apart, painfully stretching his ring and shoving his prostate to the side to make room for itself inside his tight squeezing passage.

Raka finally released Karee's neck as she thrust all the way in, Karee's testicles coming to rest on her smooth pubic area. Raka purred, grinning down at him with a predatory look on her face as she dug her nails into his shoulder blades. "F-Forgot... how big... you are..." Karee panted, his bitch instincts and starting to kick in and flood his body with heat and want as his tight fuckhole clenched around the invading cock.

Raka didn't respond, she just grinned and started to gyrate her hips, stirring her fat pole around in his insides without actually thrusting. The teasing and stretching sensation made Karee wince, he didn't get much stimulation from it but he did absolutely adore the feeling of being filled. Without saying anything, she spun and flung him to the side, he hit the couch cushion so hard he would have probably bounced if wasn't literally attached to Raka. She bent his legs up above his head and smiled down at him, a crooked grin that could not be further away from the warm matronly woman she'd been less than a minute ago.

"You forgot...? What a bad boy..." Raka cooed to him as she pulled halfway out, only to thrust back in, hard. The impact and the grind against his prostate made Karee's cock twitch and dribble out some precum onto his stomach. She immediately reached down with a free hand and scooped it up. Karee was so preoccupied getting fucked silly that he didn't even realize what Raka was doing until she shoved her finger into his mouth. He sucked Raka's finger clean as she started to pound him in earnest. 

Karee squirmed and moaned as Raka had her way with him, her hands forcing him to almost bend in two as her hips slapped loudly into his cushy butt, his cock bobbing and occasionally flicking him in the face with his own precum. Karee's noises steadily rose in pitch until he was just making tiny inaudible squeaks at every one of Raka's hard steady thrusts. He knew the measured, experienced pace was gonna push him to a girly orgasm all over himself, and sooner rather than later. "M-Mommy... gonna..." Karee whimpered, feeling his rectum squeeze the meaty invader with every ounce of strength it had.

Raka laughed softly, sounding a little more lucid than she did the previous time. "Aww... my little angel's a bit of a...quick... shot... isn't... he?" Karee started cumming halfway through the sentence, his bouncing little cock spraying his load all over his face and his boicunt clamping down on Raka's dark rod like it was trying to stake a claim. Raka started panting "ooohhhh... I love it when you cum on my dick, Karee... that's soooo nice..." she gave him a hard, erratic thrust of her hips to accentuate the last word as his passage finally relaxed it's deathgrip on her cock.

Karee whimpered weakly, his eyes glued shut by his own cum as Raka continued to fuck him, completely apathetic to the fact that he'd just squirted his load all over himself. "Can't help it... too... too good... aaggghhh..." Karee groaned in frustration as the cock in his ass continued to hammer him with wet schlorping sounds, sending his sensitized body into little fits.

"It's okay, honey, I love that you love my dic—aaahh! Oooh Mommy's gonna cum in you so hard baby..." She growled, her tone switching from lovey to a savage growl mid-sentence. Her hands clamped down on his ankles so much it hurt, and her thrusts became short shallow stabs into his colon. With a scream that sounded like something a wounded animal would make, Raka made a hard final thrust into him as her cock swelled and started to twitch, shooting her semen so far up his ass he probably wouldnt be getting it all out until the next day. "ahh... ah... ahhh..." Karee giggled as Raka's voice seemed to become more and more high pitched with every spurt into him, like she was draining her masculinity into him... or... something like that. With a shudder, she let go of his ankles and collapsed on top of him, leaving him to wince at the soreness of his body and unfold from his doubled over position. With a satisfied sigh, she nuzzled into his cheek for a second, before she recoiled slightly, a strand of his cum connecting their faces together. There was a moment of silence, before they both started giggling, Raka wiping the semen off her face to smear it back onto Karee's.
