 Hello Literotica Readers! This is going to be my first story going into this site and I wanted to make a strong first impression. So I plan for this to be a long series that builds up to a very interesting and gripping story with lots of women and the growth of a MC (Main Character). That being said I highly doubt there will be any action this installment however I do plan on fleshing out the main two characters along with describing themselves without outright telling you (Didn't really enjoy that while reading myself heh XD). I do not yet know how frequently I will be able to produce these stories but hopefully not too long. Hope you all enjoy my story! 

**Also this story does not have any sexual content with persons under the age of 18, and any reference to an actual persons or places is peer coincidence.**

+------------------------------------------------+

Sitting quietly on the meager balcony, I thought over the past few years and chuckled slightly remembering all the twists and turns that had occurred. None of it I would ever regret but instead enjoy thinking that a person's life could possibly change so much. Rubbing my chin slightly and sipping from my glass of pineapple juice, I look upon the glowing moon.

"Oh Master; what on earth are you doing out here?" A smile tugs at my lips as she slips into my lap, kissing me lightly on the cheek.

Wrapping my arms around her waist I look back at the moon, "Just looking at the night sky."

Resting her head on my shoulder, her soft red hair tickling my exposed arm, she looked towards the horizon. "Reminds me of the first time we met doesn't it?"

Kissing her lips and looking back I just nod, "The day that my life got so much brighter."

+------------------------------------------------+

My phone vibrated, after about the third vibration I groaned lightly and picked up the phone, squinting through the sudden brightness to see that it was about 3am in the morning. Lying in bed, I was deciding if I wanted to get out or not, finally throwing off the covers and stretching. Looking at my phone again, I see that its now almost four and turn on the lights to pick out todays clothing.

Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed at the sight of my slim yet non-muscled body. Being barely 5ft 1, I wasn't the most noticeable guy; I even went to the gym with my parents every weekend but never "really" got into it. Because of that my body was pretty unnoticeable aside from my short stature. Shrugging and patting my pants for my phone and wallet I yawned one more time and headed to the mall. Now I usually went to the mall every week, not because I wanted to go shopping or something, but I worked at a very out of place knick knack shop.

When I was in high school I knew that I wanted to start working but being somewhat shy I was hesitant to apply to a couple places, going to the mall I hoped to find some more suitable places when I unconsciously found myself outside the shop. Piquing my curiosity I had gone inside to look at the wares as a break from job hunting.

Looking around I saw a variety of different items ranging from what looked like antique plates and musical instruments to very odd stuff like a key suspended by a million strings. While looking at the items I hadn't noticed the person come behind me and touch my shoulder. Jumping forward and turning around, making sure I didn't bump into anything, I saw a man in I would assume his late 50's or 60's.

The man just chuckled slightly at the sight of my reaction and smiled. "Hello young one, welcome to my shop. Have you seen anything that has caught your eyes?"

Composing myself slightly and calming my rampant heart I thought about what the man said. Looking over the shelves again I did see something that had caught my attention shortly after entering the shop. It was a simple looking book without any writing or noticeable marks upon the outside. The book was wreathed in an icy bluish colored cloth that looked similar to the gleam of a full moon.

Noticing my gaze, the man walked over to the book and plucked it from the shelves. "So, what is a young one like you doing in this shop?" Holding the book in his hands he looked at me with a look of slight curiosity.

Seeing that there wasn't much point to 'hide' my intentions I shrugged. "Well I was looking to get a job and I saw your shop and I couldn't just pass it without looking inside, and I must say there are some very interesting objects in here.

The man gazed at the book and his eyes widened in surprised, looking back at me his thoughts drifted for a bit. "Young one, you said you were looking for a job correct?" I just nodded. "Well in that case why don't you work in my shop? There is not a whole lot to do except tend to the items in the store, you may keep that book as a gift to ensure my confidence in you."

To say I was shocked would put it lightly, unable to come up with an excuse not to agree I smiled and agreed to take the job. The man offered me his hand "Welcome then to my shop; as for your work hours come to work every weekend from 11am to 7pm, for now go home and get to know one another better." Without waiting for a response, the man went in the back room.

Curious about how quickly I had gotten a job without really trying, shrugging I looked back at the book. I know this might sound weird, but holding this book just seemed...right. It was as if the book felt as if it wanted to be within my hands. Unknowingly I smiled and thanked my good fortune. On the way back the book seemed to vibrate in my lap so quietly that it went unnoticed as he drove home.

Over the course of a month or so I became so wrapped up in reading the book that I was sometimes late in doing my college work. The story itself was about a young man setting upon a journey to find himself. While it may seem cliché the man did not do very well on his journey through a good portion of the story due to his lack of confidence. Nearing the height of the story where the man begins to despair at the helplessness of losing a childhood friend a woman befriends the man just as he was about to let go of his last thread of hope. While the woman wasn't able to immediately help the man regain his confidence, he continued his journey strengthened by this new woman and managed to finally find his courage within himself.

I was just finishing a shift of work on Friday when the shop keeper came out, this of course was pretty rare since he rarely came out which didn't really bother me much since he was kind and always provided a good snippet of advice here and there.

Seeing that I had pretty much finished the book the man just grinned "I see that you're ending your story young one. I'm glad that one such as you was the one to be chosen for it." Then he waved at me as he returned to the back room.

Puzzled as to the phrasing of the words, I just shrugged and accepted his words as wisdom. 

Gripping the book tightly to my chest I breathed out a sigh of relief, enjoying the last few pages of one of the best books I had ever read. Turning the cover over I still was curious to see no title or marking, knowing that this book would be pretty famous should it have been sold to the public. On the way home I decided to stop by the local juice bar, getting my usual large cup of pineapple juice. Looking at the cup I laughed slightly, remembering the looks of my friend's faces when they began to learn of my habit of drinking pretty much only juices, mostly pineapple.

Passing by the lake I noticed the sky began to turn noticeably darker but was still lit by the moonlight. Looking at the time and seeing that I really didn't have anything to do on a weekend night, I headed towards the lakeside. Parking the car in a fairly unused part of the lake I looked up towards the sky, clutching the book close to my chest. The book seemed to hum to the beat of my heart as I looked longingly at the night sky.

Having just read the book I sort of understood some of my own weaknesses, my heart yearned for something better...something grand. I knew that such things as adventure in another world was much beyond my grasp, but I wish for something more. In everything I wished that I could rely on someone like the character, someone that could lift my weary soul, bring happiness to one who sought nothing but to life his life but was unable to strive for it strongly enough. Smiling despite the sorrow born in my heart, a couple tears ran down my cheeks before I had even noticed that they had formed.

My mind was so wrapped up in its thoughts that I didn't notice my book glow to match the radiance of the moon. "Why are you crying little one?"

Wiping away my sodden eyes, I looked around to see what had made that noise. I hadn't really heard it clearly and when I saw nothing and heard only the slightly chilly air blow through the trees I looked back towards the moon.

"Your heart has yet to blossom and yet you feel such immense feelings." Knowing that I wasn't mistaken in hearing this new voice I was oddly not freaked out by it, actually I was noticeably calmer than a few minutes ago. "Do not despair, for your soul so yearned for you have attracted this book. Please treat it well and treasure it, you both have much to go through and I have much faith in your ability to uncover all of them."

The words were spoken so intensely that I knew that I would never forget them, but they still confused me. Looking at the book in my hands I finally noticed the glow brighten to be almost blinding. The book floated out of my hand gently and hovered slightly over my lap. Rapidly flipping through the pages, something flowed out from the pages. It looked as if an inky mist began to float out of each and every page, quickly combining to form a very vague shape in front of me.

Rooted in place, I saw the mist come together in a somewhat human shape, the height seemed to be only slightly taller than my own, the body became more solid as legs and arms began to define themselves. The...person I guess was slender, but the area around the hips and chest flared out slightly. Unable to look away, I saw the body become more fleshed out, the surface became an almost silvery white color without looking sickly. The legs and arms became more defined; they were slight but had a sense of strength in them. Finally the head was the last part to gain definition; the hair flowed gracefully down the back, almost reaching what id assumed to be the small of its back. The color was so striking that it was the first time I had gasped as the color so perfectly matched the silvery glow that the moon behind it displayed. A small nose decorated the center of its face, with slightly larger eyes and mouth complimenting her complexion.

Eyes closed, the person...being...goddess...stood there unmoving. After what seemed like an eternity had passed she opened her eyes to show a set of breathtaking ice blue eyes which captured my attention in an instant. The mouth smiled gently at me and looked at the book which had settled back into my lap.

"Hello master, I have heard the pleading of your heart and answer its call."