 Beth woke from a deep sleep, as she came around she felt increasingly confused. Why the hell was she sleeping with her bum stuck up in the air? A few seconds later she started to realise that things weren't at all right.

It wasn't that she was just sleeping with her bum stuck upwards; she was laid out on some strange bench. Her legs spread slightly with her bum thrust upwards and her head facing down. What's more she was restrained, held in place and exposed; she had no cover or even clothing except some sort of underwear.

She was comfortable, the room was warm and the bench moulded to her form, supporting her gently. Bending her neck back she looked about the room, this certainly wasn't her cell. From what she could see, she was in the centre of a small room, entirely bare of furniture accept for her bench and a pair of monitors placed conveniently in front of her.

Beth was on the brink of panic, what the fuck was happening to her? Surely it was a dream, a nightmare! She called out; despite fears it would make things worse,

"Hello, is anybody there?"

There was no response, just complete silence. She wiggled her body, testing the restraints, they held fast. Again she called

"Hello, somebody help me?"

This time there was a slight whirr from behind the monitors in front of her. The smaller monitor at the bottom flashed into life, a white screen. Black writing began to appear,

Hello Beth, good morning. We hope you had a pleasant sleep; you will need your rest

Welcome to the Aphrodite program, you have been selected from hundreds of potentials to become part of our test procedures. Do not worry we don't intend to harm you, although the testing will push your boundaries in certain areas.

Beth was confused and scared, what was happening to her, why was it happening to her. In fact scared may not have been the right word, she was terrified and she could here it in her voice.

"What's the Aphrodite program, what's going to happen to me?"

The Aphrodite program is a government sanctioned experimental department, we research the human psyche and particularly sexual response. We have selected you from our approved list of inmates on fixed life sentence to help with our research.

"You can't, you have no right. Let me go"

Her fear was slightly tempered by anger, this was outrageous. She again tested the restraints but they held completely firm.

Please do not try to get free; we don't want to hurt you. As a government sanctioned program we have full permission to enlist the assistance of any inmate with over 20 years remaining sentence. We assure you that this is entirely legal; you may also be interested to know that you will receive a full pardon on completion of your session.

She was still furious and scared, but this sounded intriguing?

"You mean I'll be free"

Yes your record will be wiped clean and you will be free to leave, should you wish to"

That was a stupid thing to add she thought, course I'd bloody wish too! But this was definitely interesting, Beth still had 23 years left to in prison and she would be 51 when she got out. Surely it wasn't for real; this could never be legal... could it?

Would you like to continue with the program?

The fact that they 'asked' was what convinced her. After all it was worth a shot and they did say it wouldn't hurt her. The chance of freedom was blinding her, and in her heart she knew it. She glossed over the implications of what 'sexual response' meant and why she was tied down with her bum stuck up in the air almost naked. But she had to try

"Err... okay then"

Good, thank you Beth. We will now begin the procedure. Please read the following rules very carefully and confirm that you fully understand.

