 The Captain who led me away was Maize Holland. She said that she had a surprise for me. She led me to her transport and had me drive her to the airport. She had a small bag with her we boarded a transport for the southern coast. On the way the Captain told me that were on the way to Shangrila a beach resort which had a reputation of being the place to go to make a baby. My Lieutenant had talked about the place often.

When I arrived I discovered it just as it had been described. The beautiful southern sea and acres of white sand. Atop a hillock were rows of cottages with private cabins. The beach was strictly nudist. Because I was fertile I had to wear a red belt about my waist. Because I was a valet I had to wear a purple ribbon below my collar. There were a variety of slaves here, Since it was a civilian resort there were all types of women there as well. 

The Captain introduced us to the couple in the cabin next to ours. She was a tall snd stunning strawberry blonde artist who had brought one of her male model slaves for a week of fun in the sun. Her name was Orchid Hall. I noticed that her slave was not wearing a red belt so this was just a pleasure trip for the Goddess in the relationship. While our Goddesses were chatting I got a chance to talk to the slave. He was the first civilian slave I had met face to face since my capture. Well at least the first I had an opportunity to talk to any way. His name was Iris, before that he was Phillip Thatcher, unlike most slaves, he had never been a soldier. He had been an engineer working with a crew on a project near the border. Through an oversight the army had failed to protect him. As a former soldier I felt bad because the army had clearly failed in a very basic duty by letting this man and his crew end up here. 

Since his capture he had been put to work on construction projects and had redesigned the drainage system of a botanical gardens in the city of Charlotte. It was there that the artist had discovered him. She saw him working with his shirt off amongst the plants and had asked for permission to sketch him. She came back every day for a week. The next thing Iris knew he was informed that the government had sold him to Orchid for an undisclosed price. Apparently she was one of the most famous artists in all of the matriarchy. My captain seemed honored to meet her, I briefly recalled that I had seen her work myself. She specialized in nudes of slaves in poses of supplication or just after capture. It irritated slaves but the Goddesses loved it.

Captain Maize Holland and I spent two weeks either ensconced in our cabin or at the beach lazing and making love in the sun. For meals we walked to the string of restaurants just beyond the cabins. I was naked the whole time. The captain put a wrap on to dine or to peruse the small gift shops but other than that she exposed her spectacular body. I have a preference for brunettes but the captain really turned me on. She was in charge of the conditioning of officers and enlisted soldiers for her base, As a result she was in remarkable shape. I had to admit that her body was even better than my own lieutenant Raven Riley's. She took to procreation as if it were an exercise regimen. I was required to perform at least six times a day. The captain checked her pregnancy detector often. Eleven days into our vacation the captain had a smile of elation on her face.

"Congratulations, Petunia, You're going to be a father! In honor of your name beginning with a p I am going to name her "Petal." 

Then she approached me and said, "Your hard work is done so I am going to let you relax for the next three days. More than that when we are in this cabin I will wait on you had and foot. But you must NOT tell anyone that!"

That night we played a game that I thought was pure B.S. When I heard it making the rounds of Valet school but here it was before my eyes.

The Captain put on her uniform then withdrew from a hidden compartment in her luggage another uniform. It was large enough for me. There were no boots but everything else was there.

"Let's pretend that you are a northern soldier and that I have wondered into your territory and you captured me."

It can't be common knowledge in the south but up north in the Republic this very scenario is the fabric of just about ever jacking movie ever made there. In Northern fiction there is the myth of the woman who enters slavery willingly looking to get screwed by every soldier she can find. Every Northern boy grows up on those stories but realizes once they turn sixteen or so that such women don't really exist. Men and women both north and south hate slavery yet here I was, with a cliche come to life.

It felt great to wear a uniform again even if it was and out sized matriarchy one. The captain was really prepared for this fantasy, she even brought along a costume collar! She left the cabin for a moment while I turned the lights off and hid myself inside. 

The captain entered the cabin and began walking through it. I had hidden myself under the couch. I was on her quickly. With much less force than I would have in reality because of the baby I tackled her and slid the collar around her neck. I pretended to place a controller and then tied her hands behind her back.

She pretended to cry and moaned piteously. I pretended to pump her for intelligence then I led her to the bathroom, untied her hands and stripped her like a Northern captor would. Despite all the fucking we had done, I could not help but notice that the Captain was wetter during this scenario than she was in any of the previous eleven days.

I gave her a bath and pretended to shave her. Then I fucked her every way imaginable. It would not be an understatement to say that I really got into this fantasy as well. For the final three days, whenever we were in the cabin, the captain wore the phony collar and called me Master. She waited on me as though I were one. It was thoroughly wonderful. 

The captain hummed to herself as we drove back from the airport to my Lieutenant's quarters. She had a very contented smile upon her face.

"You are very gifted Petunia. You are going to be in high demand as a stud. Technically it is against regulations but I will try to find a way to send you a picture of our daughter. In two years I intend to have another I doubt that any of the studs that are available then will be half as talented as you. Of course if you are still available ..."

Neither of us were prepared to meet General Constance Lapper when we opened the door.

Instantly we both saluted. There was also a well dressed civilian military employee in the room.

"Constance ... I mean general. What a surprise it is meeting you here."

"Hello Maize, unfortunately this is not a social call. We have bad news for Petunia."

The General turned to me and said, "There is no way to sugarcoat this or make it any easier. Shortly after you left with the captain here to preform your stud duties First Lieutenant Raven Riley along with most of her squad was captured by Northern Republic raiders. She's been enslaved Petunia. I know this is heart breaking for you. This woman is Anna Yin, she is a grief counselor who specializes in slave and enslavement issues. She is here to help you through the process of grieving."

Anna Yin was a petite Asian woman who was quite beautiful. She was wearing a smart blue dress with a civilian/ military ID badge.

"We know you were attached to your Goddess," She stated. "This is always a sad occasion. Lieutenant Riley's next of kin wanted you to have this." She presented me with one of my Goddess's dog tags. That hit me like a ton of bricks.

Anna Yin embraced me and offered ne her lips.

"I am here for you Petunia. I will walk you through the next few days."

General Lapper seemed annoyed by Ann Yin's actions and spoke. "Under ordinary conditions Petunia, you would be sold to the highest bidder. It is a very exhausting and humiliating experience but I think we can short circuit that process in your case. I have purchased you on behalf of my daughter, Juniper, she is a captain and has just been transferred here to Fort Hera. I had nothing to do with that but I have decided to take advantage of this situation. She is 26 years old and, if I do say so myself, quite beautiful. I don't expect her to replace the Lieutenant in your heart but I do think that you will build up an affection for her. I have sung your praises to her and to be honest, with she and I on the same base, I will have access to you as well. She will be arriving in five days. Until that time Ms Yin will be responsible for you" 

Anna Yin brought out some mellow wine and some cheeses. Captain Holland excused herself and the General and I reminisced about my former Goddess as Anna Yin steered the conversation. Hours later the General left. Anna gave me a blow job and then helped me pack. I was entitled to keep my clothing and a few personal effects. Anna knew exactly what I was permitted to keep. My new owner could make me give them up but Anna said, that hardly ever happened.

Since I could no longer stay in Lieutenant Riley's quarters Anna took me off base to a hotel. She held authority over me and wielded my controller. She encouraged me to talk about my life when I was free and my life under "Goddess Riley." I did not like the thought of her collared and controlled but that was how the north and south operated. By now she was owned and was being used regularly by a Northern officer. Anna was very attentive. She gave me a bath, massaged me and jerked me off all the while playing soothing music and talking to me gently. There really was something to what Anna was doing because I felt much better a few days later. I wondered about the General's daughter. It turned out that general Lapper was older than she looked. Since the General looked so good now I could only imagine what a youthful version of her looked like.

Because I was expected to get to know my new Captain, my stud activities were delayed for a time. There was high demand for me so I would have to be sent back on stud duty for no more than three months delay. Anna rendered me sterile with the controller then had me ride her like a Northern slave girl. When she was naked I noticed that she was shaved. She was the first bushless Southern free woman I had ever encountered so I asked her about it.

"It helps me identify with those enduring the slave experience." She told me. I enjoyed the novelty of dining on bald pussy. I had gotten used to women fur but it certainly was not what I had grown up with. I was beginning to believe that every Southern woman was a secret slut. 

After five days of being ministered to by Ana my new Captain arrived, Anna scheduled my controller handover for noon on Friday. I was quite capable of doing it but Anna insisted upon dressing me in my uniform. I had to fix the details she got wrong when she wasn't paying attention. The handover took place in officer's lounge.

I was in love with Captain Juniper Lapper from the moment I saw her. Long black shinny hair, long legs, perky tits. a clear Ivory complexation, bowed lips and crystal blue eyes. She was the spitting image of her mother. The only thing I noticed from her father Rose was the shape of her nose and the width of her forehead. She noticed us, We were not hard to pick out. I towered over Anna. She must have looked like an elf leading a moose around.

"You must be Petunia and Ms Yin." She said.

I bent to the ground and kissed the Captain's boots as expected of a Valet seeking new ownership or . In my case, of having a new owner forced upon him by circumstances.

"On your feet Valet. I accept your service. My mother has told me so much about you. You certainly are as handsome as she claimed."

She turned to Anna, accepted my controller and asked, "Did he give you any problems?"

"Oh no Captain, he was a very good patient and I found ministering to him to be a pleasure. I believe we have put his recent loss in proper perspective and it will not impact upon his service to you."

"Very good. The army thanks you for your service and has cut you a check for your time and effort. You can pick it up at the electronic funds building." 

"Thank you Captain." With that Anna Yin turned, exited the hall and left my life. 

After she was out of earshot my new Goddess asked "Is it true that she shaves her womanhood?"

I was too stunned to answer but Juniper read my expression correctly.

"Really? I'd heard rumors but ... Well just between yourself and me Valet, those slave grief counselors are not quite right in the head. Don't get me wrong, I respect the work they do but men were put on this planet to serve women and to worship them. Its unseemly for a woman to pamper a man and cater to his needs. Outside some kinds of sexual play of course. 

Where are your things stored? I will have them sent over to our quarters. My last Valet committed an atrocious faux pau. He tripped and spilled hot soup all over my Colonel's lap . She was seriously burned and he was administered fifty lashes and busted back down to Neophyte. He actually had to return to Valet School for more training. That is why I am now here at Fort Hera and why you are now in my service. I am sure that you miss your Lieutenant terribly but I think that we will like each other very much. For example, physically you are more my type than my last Valet. Well Let's get moving my quarters are in the officer's quadrant."

We walked over to the motor pool where the Captain requisitioned a vehicle. I carried her suitcases. I had to produce my license and explain my familiarity with transports. After all of the electronic paperwork was done we found ourselves in a sporty new transport. We decided to swing by the storage depot to collect my things and then I drove the Captain to her quadrant. It was a small base house. Living room, two bedrooms with attached bathrooms, a large kitchen surrounded by a small yard which needed mowing. We entered the house to discover it furnished. 

"I rented the house and bought the contents over the web. Its basically a swap between myself and a Captain who was transferred from here to my old base. I see that our tastes match. Petunia check out the kitchen. If possible whip me up a snack. You will have to clean this place top to bottom tomorrow. I like my Valets nude while they are cleaning. So much fun, and relaxing to watch."

I made my way to the kitchen and was relieved to find that the food synthesizer had been re-provisioned a week ago. It was all still fresh. I decided to pull out all the stops to get my relationship with my new Goddess off on the right foot. I made mock lobster tail. It is VERY difficult to synthesize you have to mix the right proportions at the right time limit at the proper temperature or it comes out bitter. I am freakishly good at making it.

Twenty minuets later I had the table set and found my Goddess unpacking her suitcase.

"Goddess, dinner is served."

I followed her to the kitchen and held the chair for her and waited.

"You may sit at the table Petunia."

I saw my new Goddesses eyes light up when she tasted my meal.

"Goodness you ARE gifted. Your cooking will be the hit of every party I host."

While she ate she stared at me. I tried to read her thoughts but I could not deduce what was going on behind her porcelain countenance. She cleared her plate and then said.

"Leave these dishes for later. I noticed the the main bathroom is fully stocked. Prepare my bath then remember the protocol and bathe me, I HAVE to see if you are everything mother claims."

I filled the tub and them preformed the protocol and remembered all the rituals as I stripped the captain. Naked she was fantastic. I t was like looking at her mother's body through a time machine. Her legs were long and lovely her ass was to die for, Her tummy was flat and toned her tits youthfully perky Her black bush and the hair on her head was practically luminous under the lighting, I massaged her and discovered that she was just as orgasmic as her mother. After the bath we made our way to the bedroom where I fucked the Captain silly. She had a taste for the perverse, just like her mother. There was back door action and positions I had never tried before. I felt completely spent when the Captain was finished with me.

"My mother is not a liar," She said to me as we cuddled afterwards. "You are the kind of Valet an officer likes to grow old with Petunia. I am going to have to keep a very tight reign on you lest I lose you to a superior officer. I wish I could brand my initials in your flesh giving me sole ownership, like cattle in ancient times. Your Lieutenant's loss is my considerable gain. I almost hate having to share you with my mother but she is not just my mother she is also my commanding officer. We should pop in to see her first thing tomorrow. It will be nice to see Rose as well. Most women never meet their fathers. If things work out well, Petunia, you will know our children as well. Did you know that a General can keep their Valet in retirement?" Mother intends to keep Rose and move to Shagrila. I may just follow in her footsteps." 

As my eyes shut for the evening I thanked the male Gods that I had ended up as a Valet. I ran my hand along the sleeping body of my new Goddess. I said a silent prayer on behalf of my lamented Lieutenant, but looked forward to life with my new Goddess and the new path my life was about to take.