 This is a tale of some castaways. This is the real story, not the fake one you saw on television. Some of the cast look a bit different. Some look pretty much the same, at least at the start. I do not stick with the story and made up quite a bit. But it is still mostly our childhood castaways that are here for a long, long time. Eventually. 

This is a story, with a familiar universe and cast, but still a story. It is not true. There is no such group of people. It is made up. None of them are less than 18 and most are older than 21. If you think you know someone here, you don't, they don't exist. 

This story is for fun. It is not a serious attempt at literature, though I would like to think that it is written well enough to entertain. You may find it funny, stupid or enjoyable, even titillating. Regardless, I would appreciate knowing your reaction. Tell me anything, but explain it. I want to know the why. If you say, You rock! or You suck! I will probably delete the comments because they don't say why. I don't need a short story, but a one liner about what you liked or didn't would be helpful. And vote. Thanks!

*****

We had a racket going on, and a damn good one. My partners and I had discovered a small chain of deserted islands not far from Hawaii. There was a sort of navigation null zone there and older ships just couldn't get past it. On these islands, we had planted some marijuana. We came back about every six months to harvest and replant and care for them. Basically, it took around a day to do what needed to be done on the island and each of us had an island for which we were individually responsible. In all, the trip took about three days, a day to get there and drop everyone at their island, a day to harvest and a day to load up and boat back. During the stormy season or after a big storm, we took a similar trip out to our islands in order to make sure they were okay and fix any damage etc. 

It was after a big storm that I noticed something different on my island. It was no longer deserted. Following the sounds I heard and the smoke, I found a new camp on the far side of the island. I didn't have a lot of time that day, but I made it to be seven people and a wrecked ship. The ship was pretty broken and I could tell from looking at it that it would never be sea worthy again. So, I headed back to my plants with the thought of having to return to find out about this new development. After all, my island was the second biggest producer in our little group and made me a considerable amount of money, pulling in about $250k per six months. I could not afford to lose my cash cow.

Now most of us had our own boats, I mean, it was Hawaii. So, two days later, I pulled out of port with enough chow to last me a week or two if I was frugal, and set sail for my island. I say I set sail, but I never actually raised the sail, I motored all the way. I let Paco, the leader of our group, know what was going on, before I left, just in case I needed someone to rescue me. I told him not to be concerned for a couple weeks, then come get me if I had not contacted him. Understand, we were in a clandestine, illegal business. Paranoia was a survival trait. When I arrived at the island, I put the boat in a sheltered cove, unviewable from land and hidden on the sea side. I swam around to the island with a small pack of goods. I had a plan. I was dark enough, both my skin and my hair, to be taken for a native and I could even speak Hawaiian. So, I garbed up in native clothes, with a flint knife and a semi-modern spear and snuck through the jungle to a place I could watch them and learn. 

Over the next several days I leaned quite a bit about them. There were seven of them altogether. The crew of the ship were two sailors, dressed in semi-uniform fashion, one in blue shirt and the other in red. The blue shirt seemed to be in charge, possibly the Captain of the boat. The red shirt seemed to be off a little bit. He was clumsy and not real bright but there was something else I would have to watch out for later. The two other men didn't interact with one another much. One was a rather snooty looking, well dressed rich tourist and the last was a nerdy looking man with a pocket protector and high water pants. The rich tourist had an attractive older wife who was ill suited for the environment and stayed near the primitive huts the group had built. Another was an attractive young woman with pony tails and shorts who had a penchant for wearing boys shirts tied up to show off her smooth tummy. Finally, there was a famous movie star that I recognized from the movies, though she did mostly high drama which wasn't really my kind of movie. There was already a lot of activity regarding her and the loss of this group's ship. 

On the third day, they were organizing to do more searching of the island. The girls were staying back at camp and the men were doing a circuit of the island. They headed off toward the east along the northern shore. It would normally only take a couple days, maybe a third, to walk the circumference of an island this size, but the direction they were heading would take them to a dead end. They would either have to swim a considerable distance past and against the tides on the east end of the island, or they would have to turn around and backtrack at least half a day and strike inland on the island. 

The rich man's trophy wife wasn't happy, but agreed to spend the time while they were away in her hut. The weather wasn't so hot that it would be uncomfortable and she was kind of frail. At least, that was the impression she gave to the men. I noticed as soon as they were no longer around, she peeled down to her string bikini and went down to the beach to get some sun. She looked much sexier than when she was dressed. I think much of it was the clothes in which she chose to dress. The were matronly and altogether unflattering. I had almost decided to make contact when the young one approached her. Moving closer, I heard their names, Mrs. Howard and Mary Ann. Mary Ann wanted to lay out with her and they could talk. Evidently, the movie star didn't lay out in the sun in order to protect her complexion. 

I followed them down to the beach and watched as they stripped down to nothing and lay out in the sun. While I could have watched a while longer, I needed to see what else what the movie star was going. I had always had a screen crush on Ginger Snap and this was an opportunity to meet her. So I slipped back to the huts. Ginger was walking around the area like she was bored. In truth, the walking around part was difficult because she was wearing three inch heels. After tripping a half dozen times, she got frustrated and sat down. She angrily took off her shoes and threw them into the jungle, practically hitting me. Then she sat in a huff looking angry with her arms crossed under her breasts. Her low-cut sequined dress was not designed for this type of environment either, and though I had seen her in other things, they were almost the same cut of evening dress. They were classic sheath dresses that reached her ankles with slits up the sides to her knees. 

I quietly moved back into the jungle and retrieved her shoes. When she walked over to the water barrel to get a bit of water, I set them on the table near where she had been sitting. When she returned, she saw them and I watched her eyes go wide as she looked around before picking them up. 

"Is someone there," she called out, her voice ringing with a slight tremor. 

I followed my impulse and said, "Gron here," then shuffled out of the jungle. My clothes were made in the native fashion with palm frond decoration covering a basic loin cloth. I had a couple of other accoutrements, bicep and ankle. She was somewhat taken aback at my sudden appearance but decided to put on a brave face for the primitive. 

"Oh, uh, hi," she said and plastered on a professional smile. She slipped the shoes back on her feet as I moved closer. This put her almost at my height as she stood like an actress on the red carpet. I circled her as she stammered, "I'm, uh, Ginger... Ginger Snap. May I do something for you?" 

I looked her up and down, liking every square inch of what I was seeing. I am sure she only meant it to be a social question, but I had dreamed about this woman more times than I could count. "Yes, Gin-ger, you will please me or friends all die." The I stepped forward until we were nearly touching. I raised my hand to her red hair and she smiled. I cupped her head and pulled her into a kiss. Her hands came up against my chest where she tried to pull away for a few seconds before relaxing and melting in my arms. Her hands played with the well defined muscles of my torso before I released her and grasped her arms. I pulled the straps off her shoulders and popped the dress and her bra off her tits. 

"Wait," she said and started trying to lower the zipper, "you'll tear the dress if you don't unzip it before trying to take it off me." 

I pulled up the material and she pulled down the zipper and unhooked her bra. I pushed it all downward and hooked her slip and panties on the way. Moments later she stood before me, naked and quivering. I ran my hands up her body, teasing her ass cheeks then her belly button and breasts before taking her hands to my costume. She removed it rather shyly and was somewhat surprised to find I was commando and had a huge erection that was just inches from her face. I don't know if she'd seen one before or not, but I could tell she liked the looks of mine. I am a bit thicker than most men, my circumference a bit over 5.5" and am nearly 8" long. She licked her red lips as I stepped out of my costume and I took that for excitement. I used my left hand to angle down my cock and grabbed a handful of hair. 

"You know what to do," I said with my best pidgin accent and rubbed my cock head against her red lips. She parted them and licked my head twice before taking the head in her mouth. Her white skin and bright red lips contrasted against my all over tan and was quite exciting as she built up her motion. She moaned as she got about half of me into her mouth and tickled the back of her throat. She seemed to stop pushing deeper at that point until I said, "All." 

She pushed me deeper and relaxed her throat a bit more at a time until she we getting me nearly all the way in. I felt she had reached the end on depth, so I let her simply continue to service me. Every few seconds she would pull me out and rub me with her hand while she caught her breath and went back for more. It was a good thing that I usually don't get off on blowjobs, but even still, she was good and almost pushed me over the line. I stopped her and pulled her up then sat her on the table. I spread her legs and went down on her. I did not tease or play around for extra excitement. Her juices were already rolling down her leg and her pussy was very excited. So I slammed my tongue against her labia and licked her up and down from ass hole to clit, barely stimulating the clit for now. She leaned back and pulled her feet up onto the bench as I licked her. 

"Oh yes, Gron," she moaned as her whole body twitched to my stimulating tongue. She had a fine figure, very trim and fit, though the muscles in her abdomen were not bulgy and defined. Her tits were still pert and I didn't see any evidence of fat or floppy skin. And her skin was an unblemished, uniform, white of a redhead. Her bush was also red, what there was trimmed into the shape of a small heart. She didn't last long and her voice went up into a high pitched keen as her hips thrust up at my face when she came. "Cummmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!"

I didn't stop though and she tried pushing my head away and pulling her hips back, but I didn't let her. I kept on lapping her juices and then I attacked her clit. With my lips, I pushed back the hood and flicked her clit then ran my rough tongue over it. I teased it and bit it and licked it and squeezed it. Again, her hips left the table and in the throes of her orgasm I slipped my cock in her. Her eyes flew wide open and her mouth became an oh as I began to fuck her with a bit more than half my dick. Her feet came off the bench and wrapped around my waist for a moment until I grabbed her legs and spread them wide. A little saliva rolled down out of her lips with their smeared red lipstick as I slipped in and out of her tight pussy. 

"Mmm, Gron like Gin-ger puss. Maybe it take more." 

She shook here head no but pushed with her hips and pulled with her arms to try and get more of me in her. I pulled out until just my head was in, then spit on my hand and moved it next to her face. She spit in it too and I rubbed our saliva on my cock. Then I pushed in to where I was before, pulled out and pushed hard until I was buried completely in her pussy. Her mouth moved like she was talking or groaning or something, but no sound came out. I began pumping her, building the rhythm with each stroke until I was rapidly stroking in and out of her abused pussy.

"Fah... fah... fah... fuck... fuck yes," she finally managed, "that spot... right... there... fuck... your... dirty... little... bitch... god... yes!! I'm... uh... gonna... cum... again... you bastard! Cummmmmmiiiiiiiiiiing!"

This time the combination of her body beneath me and the incredible feeling of her pussy and the clenching as she orgasmed conspired to put me over the edge. I came inside her with wild abandon, dumping copious amounts of my seed in her hot movie star pussy. "Gron like Gin-ger pussy." I said when the twitching stopped. I was still mostly erect inside her and I pulled her face to mine and locked my lips to hers. As I slipped from her we both groaned and she gushed cum all over the ground. "Clean Gron." 

She leaned forward and licked and sucked me clean then straightened up, cupping my balls, "Where did you come from Gron? Do you have a way to get us off this island?" 

I dropped the pidgin and said, "Miss Snap, I do, but I will decide when I get you off based on how well and often you get me off."

Her eyes widened as what I said sunk in, "What? You aren't a native? You know who I am?"

I chuckled and said, "No, I'm not a native. You people have shipwrecked on my island. I really only had two choices. I could kill you all, or I could simply make sure and have my way with the women when I want or need to cum. You my dear Ginger Snap, movie star and sex symbol, will be my special fuck." I grabbed her hair and tilted back her head then pulled my knife. "Unless you prefer the other option." 

Her face twisted in fear but I put my cock to her mouth and she started sucking, "That's right. When you see me, you will make an excuse to get away into the jungle and I will fuck you however I want it right then. Eventually, you will bring your friends and we will take them as well."

I used her for the rest of the afternoon. She was a willing, if not very skilled, partner. At one point, she confessed that she had always wanted to be a sexy slut and I was providing that opportunity. I told her I would return the next day and she should tell the other ladies that she wanted to explore a little. She should wear either shorts or the shortest skirt she has and sensible shoes or sandals. In the end, while I was fucking her ass, I told her that she was not to tell anyone about me or she would be sorry. Then I sent her back to camp and continued watching. 

That night, after they were all in their beds, I snuck down to the camp and checked in on Mrs. Howard. Of course they had no doors and large windows in order to allow for air flow. The moon had risen and the light from it slanted down through one of the large windows adding illumination to the room. But Mrs. Howard was a bit afraid of the dark an used a lamp set very low as a kind of nightlight. The breeze from earlier in the day had died down and, in the still air, she had kicked off her cover. Her long shapely legs were bare up to the thong she wore. The only other thing she wore was a tube top which barely covered her large C cup tits. I moved toward the head of the bed and gently trailed my hand up the outside of her thigh and over her shapely ass. She was a sexy woman though she looked to be pushing 40 years old, a bit younger than she looked when she dressed normal and did her makeup to age herself. At my touch, she arched and murmured the name Ernesto. I eased down on the top portion of the bed, near her shoulders and whispered to her. 

"It is just a dream," I whispered in her ear. After the third time, she repeated it back to me and I lay my hand on her arm gently. "It is so real, you can almost feel my touch on your skin." 

She murmured some more and rolled onto her back. Her far hand, her left, moved to her breast and began to kneed and squeeze it. She moaned a bit wordlessly as I stroked across her belly. "We must be careful or Thurston will hear us," she whispered back, in the throes now of the illusion. I quickly slipped off my native loincloth and returned to the bed. In the brief interval, she had pulled down the halter and was massaging her tits with both hands, her hips bucking slightly and her back arching. When I put my hand on her knee, her legs parted a little providing a view to her sky blue panties. I took her hand and moved it to my now erect cock and she grasped it and lightly rubbed up and down. 

I returned my hand to her thigh and her legs parted a bit more, so I slid my hand upward to her barely clad pussy. I pinched the whole of her sex between two fingers, drawing the flesh from the sides in and squeezing gently. She moaned again and her hand started stroking faster. 

"That feels so good, Henry," she purred next. Now her back was arched, her feet pulled up and her pelvis bucked against my questing fingers. She pinched and squeezed her nipples and her mouth was parted as though she was searching for something to fill it. When I moved my hips up and toward her head, she continued, "oh yes, James. Stick that big cock in my mouth."

I took her mouth then and stuck two fingers in her pussy. While the heal of my hand indirectly stimulated her clit, I quested inside her love canal, her copious juices flowing over my fingers. As my cock went into her mouth, she woke and looked at it. Without a comment or reaction, she sucked it down into her throat in just a stroke or two. She moaned on my cock as she exploded into her first orgasm with me buried in her throat and blocking her breathing. I held it there for 15 seconds or so, asserting my dominance, before I pulled out and let her breathe. But I was ready now. I climbed atop her and shoved my cock in her pussy while I savaged her mouth with mine. I bucked into her prime body as she shook in that first orgasm and through the short interval into the second. When I didn't stop or cum myself, she looked a little panicked, but I just moved faster and straightened up. Now on my knees, holding her hips with one hand, I put a finger across her lips until she nodded, then pushed it and another inside her mouth so she could clean them of her juices. She moved into the rhythm and I found her G spot. My cock is designed with a slight curve. In this position, it is quite easy to hit the G with each stroke, it just takes a small adjustment in my hips. With the first hit, her eyes got wide, with the second, her mouth O'd and subsequent stimulation of the G was received with an "uhn" sound. Soon, her tummy was quivering as she tried to hold back the orgasm and her legs were starting to join in. 

"That's right," I whispered, "hold it back for me. I want you to cum when I do. I am not Ernesto, or Henry, or James, I am Gron, your new sex machine. You will fuck only me unless I give you express permission."

"Yes, anything you say my lover," she said back in a low barely in control voice, "Just fuck me with that glorious dick."
