 She grew up with him, not realizing at first that no one else could seem to see her friend Tovan. At first indulged as an imaginary friend and later due to the alarm her parents showed she stopped mentioning him. As a young child she simply never noticed the differences between Tovan and other little boys. For one thing he never had to go to school and seemed never wear clothes like everyone else. When she asked he simply stated that he was of the Setthi and that was their way. Growing older she shied away from her own age group feeling very uncomfortable and out of step. she accepted Tovan as her friend and spent much of her time hiking in the mountains with him enjoying his company she grew to young womanhood perceived as a solitary, seemingly shy young woman who spent much of her time alone. 

In the late spring of her eighteenth year after enjoying a refreshing swim Sahel and Tovan lay on the bank of a small lake the sun drying their clothes when Sahel asked hesitantly, "Tovan?" 

"Sahel?" he teased showing startling white teeth in a quick grin.

"Can… Can I ask you something?" she said, turning to look at the ground

"Sahel, you can ask anything he said sobering at her hesitance, "You are my best friend he stated firmly

"Tovan I know that no one seems to see you except me and that you have always been my friend but at school the teachers told tales of our history. We learned of the legends of our lands and they mentioned the Setthi as a mythical people who we once worshipped. That according to the legends they simply seemed to disappear over a period of years and that they are now considered to be only a legend." She said Sahel risked a glance at his face surprising a sober expression on his normally smiling countenance. 

Tovan took a deep breath and glanced away for a moment as if afraid to meet her eyes. "My people, the Setthi have never been numerous and although they liked and cared for yours and lived with them we were never gods and we came to the decision that our contact with your people was harming them and seemed be preventing them from developing as a people. A decision was reached to pull away over a period of time so as not to alarm them and allow your people to develop as they would without interference. 

We live much closer to the earth than your people and we have…powers that your people have not yet developed to any extent You have your weather readers, healers, and truth readers but we have had a lot longer as a people to develop our skills and we withdrew slowly casting spells to no longer be seen and to be apart. " He looked into to her eyes concern on his face. "I knew that soon you would ask and I have worried that you would no longer want to see me"

Sahel let out the breath she had unconsciously been holding and asked. :"I have always been able to see you, even though my parents could not. Why?" 

Tovan answered. "It didn't happen a lot, but there were children born mixed parentage. My best guess is that both of your parents have Setthi blood and that in you the strengthened mixture allows you to see the truth."

"Why haven't I seen any other Setthi? Are you the only one here?" she asked

"No, there are others. It was decided that since you could see me that I would be the only one to interact with you." He hesitated before continuing. The others in this area are forbidden to be in your presence. As I would have been if was seen that I was causing you harm. I was allowed to continue to be with you when it was determined that you may be my…my lensheth-a." He stopped abruptly thinking that he might have said too much. 

Sahel thought for a moment digesting what she had learned. "What is a len...lenshith... she stumbled over the unfamiliar word.

"Lensheth-a " he corrected gently. "it does not translate well into your tongue. The literal meaning is soul's shadow. It means more though I don't know how to explain it is similar to a soul mate, but not the same. There is only one for the Setthi… he stopped unsure of how to explain. He looked into Sahel's puzzled eyes. " I can show you easier if you wish. But it must be your choice."

"Will it hurt?" Sahel asked


 "No, but you must know more before I show you." He swallowed his excitement coming to the fore. Hope was rising swiftly. "It is a binding. If we are Lensheth-atea to each other it is more than a marriage ceremony, deeper than any kin bond. It supercedes any oath or bond."

"I must also ask you if you remember how I looked to you as a child?" He questioned

Sahel thought back to the first time she had seen Tovan as a young child in search of mischief she had been trying to catch kittens in the loft of the barn and had seen movement in the hay thinking it was the kitten she was searching for she pounced and was surprised to see another child. The two of them had sat stock still staring at each other speechless with shock...She remembered that she had called him her kitten boy due to his pointed ears and his eyes slanted and pupiled as a cat's eyes are, she also seemed to remember that he had pointed teeth similar to cat's as well. 

"I remember", she said slowly, smiling as another memory came to her, "that I insisted that you should have a tail if you were a kitten boy and accusing you of hiding it. I seem remember making you undress to your under things to prove it as well."

Tovan grinned in remembrance. "And if I remember I had a hard time keeping you from insisting on removing them as well."

"I don't remember when it changed, but it seemed if not long after then you weren't my kitten boy anymore. The ears, teeth, and eyes changed." She said thoughtfully.

"I grew old enough to control how I appeared and it was thought that it might be better to be more like what you were used to seeing in people. Before we go any further you need to see what I really look like. I don't want you to be shocked or frightened if we are truly Lensheth-atea I will not be able to control my form and there are other consequences as well." He stated concerned that the possible consequences might frighten her. "As I said it is an intimate bonding and one of the parts of the bonding is an overpowering urge to be one with your mate." He stopped, trying to explain was more difficult than he had ever expected. "Do you remember when I said that we are closer to the earth than your people are?"

"Yes, I remember that," she answered, "What exactly does that mean, 'closer to the earth?'"

He swallowed his anxiety. "We can be considered in some ways to be uncivilized or barbarous by people unused to our lives and customs. We are predatory like the cats we resemble and subject to some of the same mating urges, but only with our lensheth-atea. We mate for life with no interest in other mates. Our mates are not as your people it is feral and not confined to a couple. It may be a trio or a quartet." 
Her emerald eyes wide in shock, Sahel struggled to understand what she had been told. "How…how do you know …do you… mate with three or more. I don't understand." She said uncertainly.

Tovan exhaled the breath he was holding. At least she hadn't run screaming he thought. 

"When the first pair of lensheth-atea confirm their status it sends a call to the remaining members of the lensheth-atea are summoned irresistibly." 
Coming to her knees Sahel faced Tovan. "I know by the customs of my people what you speak of is not considered to be the most accepted of ways and is mostly not approved of by my people. I have never been interested in the boys or girls I have met and it seems to bother my parents. I have only been attracted to you." She confided "I have thought that there was something wrong with me. Is the lensheth-atea the reason for this?"
Tovan felt hope and excitement vie in his chest for supremacy on hearing her words. "It could be," he said, "there is only one way to find out. First you must see my true self and judge if you can accept my appearance and the possibility that we may be joined by more in our lensheth-atea." Facing Sahel his posture mirroring hers he closed his eyes and concentrated on assuming his natural form. 
Sahel watched as he closed his eyes, as his form seemed to slowly blur before her eyes. The tips of his ears becoming visible as his hair seemed to both thicken and lengthen coming to resemble a tawny mane, his eyes opening the sapphire color unchanged, but the shape of the pupils and the slant of his eyes becoming more pronouncedly catlike. His body, always lean and muscular seemed to become more so becoming even more attractive and masculine before her eyes. "Tovan why did you hide yourself from me? She said, feeling her face flush and a fluttering deep in her stomach at his enhanced appearance.

"I…we didn't want to influence you unduly, we know that we are attractive to members of your people." He said his excitement growing at her obvious attraction and the subtle scent of her arousal. "Now you must choose to attempt lensheth-atea or to reject it. The decision is yours." Tovan stated rising to his feet and walking to face the lake to allow her to make her decision uninfluenced by him. 

Sahel watched as he walked to the edge of the water clothed only in the skintight buckskin pants the seemed to mold his body almost lovingly. She thought of the longing that had been growing in her day by day to touch him as more than a friend. The need to be close to him, the desire for his company. Rising to her feet she walked to where he stood and placed her hands on the bare skin of his back... Feeling the heat of his skin the extraordinary warmth had always been a part of him. "I have made my decision." She said laying the side of her face against him and wrapping her arms around his waist.

He turned in her arms and lifted her chin looking in to her eyes seeing the depth of care in her eyes. "Are you sure," he said urgently, joy bubbling up in his heart, "There will be no going back. Once lensheth-atea is confirmed it is forever."

"I am sure," Sahel stated with conviction, "I do not want be apart from you ever. And if there is more to the lensheth-atea that I will care for as I care for you then I will be blessed. Confirm it…now."

Toval hugged her to him tightly his soul exulting. At last he would have to wait no longer in uncertainty he thanked all the gods for this day. Taking a step back he released her. "Remove your shirt we must touch skin to skin."

Sahel complied baring tightly budded nipples and creamy skin to his appreciative gaze. Shivering slightly in excitement from the sudden burning in his eyes, she dropped the shirt to the grass. 

Taking a step closer the bared skin of her full chest just grazing the smooth skin of his, he took her hand and entwined their fingers together. "Close your eyes," he commanded watching as her lids covered her eyes, "reach out with your heart for mine." He closed his own eyes freeing his heart and soul from the tight control he had placed over it, waiting for this day. 

Sahel behind her closed lids let loose the reins of her desires and longings for Tovan no longer restraining he feelings. Letting them reach toward him and felt his feelings and desire for her sweep over her. It was like nothing she had ever felt before a texture of velvet and soft fur brushing through her touching everywhere leaving nothing untouched. Feeling his desire her own increased feeding on his and his in turn feeding on her increased desire starting a fire begging to be quenched. As his lips came to hers feeding on her mouth as if starving, she felt another presence running through her and into Tovan weaker as if from a distance. 

Tovan lifted his head feeling the presence increasing his desire. "We will be joined and soon." He whispered feeling the shudder of excitement that weakened Sahel's knees. Swiftly he lowered her to the ground pillowing her head on his pack. He stripped off his pants pausing to allow her to look her fill before joining her. Taking her mouth with his, he fed her rising desire with his own. The strength of their desire in turn feeding off the approaching Setthi. 
She had never felt so alive in her life her entire body was humming with excitement growing stronger all the time. She began to stroke his back lingering, hungry for the feel of him. As his lips moved down her neck and across her shoulder taking her nipples into the warmth of his mouth. Sahel inhaled sharply feeling the tugging and gentle biting causing a streak of white heat to race to her loins, a surge of moisture shortly following. 

Tovan felt the increase in her desire the scent enhancing his own desire. His hand moved to the ties of her breeches and stripped them off her legs. His first sight of her in her naked glory taking his breath away. The contrast of her creamy skin and the dark red triangle matching the hair on her head caused his groin to contract painfully. "Sahel," he breathed, "if I knew what I was missing I would have lost my mind." Running his hand across her stomach and down her thigh to her knee he gently but firmly spread her legs widely. He breathed deeply of her scent enticing him to taste her. He spread her thighs further and bent to her unable to hold back. 

Sahel felt his breath against her a moment before his lips contacted her flesh. Fire streaked through her limbs causing them to shake uncontrollably the feel of his mouth, his tongue, feasting on her sent every thought out of her head, no longer thinking only feeling. 

Geven paused at the forested edge of the lake, the sight of his friend Tovan, his bronzed skin contrasting with the pale form of Sahel her head thrown back in pleasure, transfixed him. The irresistible call of lensheth-atea pounding through his body as he moved forward tearing the clothing from his body unable to stand the constriction any longer. Instinctive needs and primeval urges coming to the fore he dropped to his knees beside the oblivious couple. 

Feeling the brush of Geven's raven hair against her cheek Sahel opened her eyes to see a darkly sensual face descending toward her, catching only a glimpse of startling green eyes a match for her own before the stranger's lips touched hers sending a threefold explosion of passion and desire through the trio. 

Tovan felt the touch of his lifelong companion Geven's soul along with Sahel's and the exploding excitement from the merge not driving out the joy in his heart of sharing the love and passion of his closest friends. Tovan lifted his head from the sweet spot he had found to assure himself it was no fantasy. Geven and Sahel turned to face Tovan summoned from the depth of desire by the force of his joy. 
Sahel watched in surprise as Geven and Tovan leaned toward each other sharing a kiss every bit as passionate as the one she had just shared with Geven. A further surprise she could feel their pleasure in the kiss and Geven's sharp surge in desire from the taste of her on Tovan's lips. It excited her further and she felt a gush of liquid warmth in her loins as her two lovers welcomed one another to the lensheth-atea. Both turned to her having felt her approval and welcome of Geven. Bringing his lips to hers Tovan introduced her to her taste and whispered. "Geven wishes to taste of you as well will you welcome him. Waiting only to feel her unspoken consent Tovan slipped to one side allowing Geven his place between her thighs. Stroking both of their bodies as once again Geven's lips came down to Sahel's drinking deeply and plunging her once more into a firestorm of desire. Feeling his large penis rubbing against her cleft she wrapped her legs around his waist striving to get closer feeling Tovan's hands stroking them both and feeling the pressure build. She reached out blindly stroking Tovan not wanting to leave him out. Her hand slid across body slick now with sweat and touched his penis grasping it her fingers unable to close about it, marveling at the satiny feel and the slick moisture oozing from the tip. 

Geven plundered her mouth mind reeling at the exquisite sensation rocketing back and forth between the three of them. Feeling Sahel's wonder and Tovan's joy and his own desire and triumph at last to be lensheth-atea. He slid down loosening the grip of Sahel's legs around his waist. His mouth still watering at the memory of Tovan sharing of her flavor, he was eager to taste for himself. Reaching his goal at last he careful spread the pink moist flower, dragging the tantalizing scent into his lungs he ran a gentle finger from top to bottom feeling the tensing of her thighs and seeing the increased moisture he gently inserted his finger slowly into her scalding hot and exquisitely tight pussy. Lowering his head he sucked on her clit feeling her body clench even tighter around his finger he began moving in slowly in and out adding a second and then a third finger as he devoured her lapping hungrily at the copious juices flowing around his fingers. Deeper plunged his fingers butting against her maidenhead feeling the involuntary jerking of her hips hearing the unconscious moans and whimpers issuing from her throat only increased his desire. 

Tovan watched the same sight that Geven had enjoyed earlier. The increase of feeling with the three starting to overcome him, the stroking of his penis by Sahel stoking the fire deep in his belly. Moving closer he brought his penis to Sahel's slightly parted lips gently rubbing the head across her bottom lip. Feeling her tongue come out to tentatively lick and taste him sent a jolt of lust so strong the his hips flexed involuntarily, driving the head of his penis into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around him and still holding onto him she began to suck and lick bringing him deeper and deeper. Watching his penis disappearing between her lips Tovan fell forward bracing hands in the grass above her head. Straddling her chest as both her hands moved to his buttocks urging him closer. Tovan gently pumped his hips watching as she swallowed him pausing as the tip of her nose contacted his hairless groin. He could feel how she loved it delighting in the taste and sensation. He could also feel Geven's lust rising as the feeling flowed through all of them. 

Sahel could not believe the feelings roaring through her body. Every touch was pure pleasure. Every caress given was a caress received. She could feel Tovan's ecstasy as he plundered her mouth stroking in and out as she licked and sucked enjoying the feel of his penis stroking her throat the feel of his balls slapping gently against her chin. She felt the clenching in her pussy an empty sensation, a yearning for more. It was barely a thought before she felt the fingers pulled slowly from her aching pussy and the broad head of Geven's thick penis pushing against her forcing its way into her tight channel. She had a moments panic then the feelings he was experiencing overwhelmed her.

Geven paused his body shaking slightly at the feel of her pussy clenching and trying to stretch to accept him and even more at the sight of her delicate pink flesh stretching and creating a tight seal on his penis. He drew back watching her flesh seemed to cling to him. Thrusting forward he came up against her internal barrier he hesitated not wanting to cause her pain. He felt her acceptance and need and drawing back he thrust forward through the barrier not stopping until he ground his pubic bone against the fine downy hair of her sex. He could feel the flash of pain and waited until it subsided before gently rocking his body against her clit inciting new desire. He began to stroke gently feeling her deepening hunger and Tovan's increased desire he looked up at him still straddling Sahel's chest his muscular thighs and buttocks flexing as pumped in and out of her mouth. He could feel the sensations Tovan was experiencing and sought to enhance the lensheth-atea. He pressed his lips gently to the clenching muscles of his buttocks lightly biting and then running his tongue up and down the cleft tonguing his rosebud pushing against the tight band of muscles he felt the shuddering and burning that warned of Tovan's imminent eruption. It spurred him on as he felt Sahel coming closer to orgasm he began thrusting wildly, deeply with both tongue and penis. 
