 I felt the 'tonic' that Seth passed me as it traveled down my throat, seemingly all the way to my toes. My eyes closed and fluttered, and I felt the somewhat familiar sensation of feeling the Transfer Room disappear. 

Waking up as Noelle was different this time however. Instead of being in a hotel room, I found myself sitting in the back seat of a big, luxurious SUV. My eyes slowly opened, and a man in the front seat turned over his shoulder and said, "Oh good, you're awake. Noelle, we're here."

I looked out of the window and saw a nice house in front of me. The lawn was well-manicured, and quite expansive. I couldn't help but think about what all of this would look like in two hundred years' time- ruins left to return to their natural state, the result of a mass exodus of the planet. Back to reality, these hedges looked like they were sculpted every week. 

I opened the car door and stepped outside. Once I got a few steps away, I heard a whistle behind me and turned. The man was leaning out of his window, looking at me: "Oooo girl you look fucking sexy. That's why you're my best bitch." I felt myself flush. "Look, he plays rough, so if he gives you too much trouble, end it and let me know." He wiggled a cell phone in front of me. I nodded but stared at it blankly, it was a huge contraption with tons of buttons on it. "Go on bitch." He said, getting my attention, "give that man what he needs."

And with that, I turned and walked along the brick walkway toward the front door. My hands traveled down my sides. I looked down and saw my tits were pushed up farther than I'd seen them, and I was showing a lot of cleavage. I was wearing a little black dress; it was strapless and ended a couple of inches below my ass. On my feet were a pair of very tall, matching black heels. "Wow," I thought, "I fill this out so well."

My heels were clicking on the bricks, but I noticed another sound. I had been so horny after my test run, and it left me unfulfilled and wanting release. Feeling the heat and moisture between my legs, I realized quickly that my wet pussy was making my legs squeak slightly as I walked. My face got more flushed as I approached the front door. 

I saw a small round button next to the door, and I pressed it. I heard some jostling from inside, and voices, and the next thing I knew, a tall, very muscular man opened the door. 

"You must be Noelle." He said, and I nodded and gave a curtsy. I felt so embarrassed after that. I still needed to figure out how to really play the part. He picked up on my embarrassment and let out a snort: "Junior told me that you were his best girl." I smiled up at him. "Funny then, that he hasn't shown you to me before..." He trailed off.

"Your house is beautiful," I tried to say, but he cut me off with a raised hand..

He looked me up and down, and took my hand to bring me up the step into his doorway. HIs hand immediately left mine and traveled to my neck, then down my back, to my ass, which he grabbed quickly, then to the hem of my skirt. He lifted it up and lightly felt between my legs with the tip of his finger." He made a small sound of good surprise, which went right into my ear and made my thighs quiver, and removed his hand.

"Yeah, don't look around. We have a pool party today for my daughter, so she and her friends are running around." He seemed impatient, "look, my wife is out of town, and the kids are busy and there's a lifeguard and whatever, so just go up the stairs here, and go in the last door to the right, and wait there. I'll be up in two minutes."

And with that, he turned around and walked out the back door toward the pool. I walked up the stairs and looked down a carpeted hall with a series of doors. It looked like he was the head of a pretty big family. There were five doors with decorations on them- clearly a lot of kids lived here. 

I passed the doors as I walked down the hall. It looked like there were two older sons. I was probably closer in age to them than to their father. I entered the last door and found an unoccupied bedroom with a large king sized bed. From a window on one side of the room, where I could see a bit into the back yard, were about 8 teenagers having a pool party. 

Did he want me to undress? I stepped away from the window and went to sit down on the bed. Maybe he didn't want that either. I began to get nervous about this client. Seth had told me that he had quite an appetite, and meeting him only confirmed my suspicions about his demeanor. I realized that I hadn't thought of how to take off this dress yet, since I didn't remember putting it on. I reached my hand up, grasping behind my back. Next thing I knew, my client was walking in.

"I didn't tell you to undress." I froze. "That's okay. Come here."

I stood up and walked over to him. "You won't need to talk much while you're here. This is what I want you to do, I've paid to have you here until eleven tonight, so that gives me plenty of time." He put a hand on my face while another hand felt up my thigh. "On your knees."

I got down on my knees and looked up at him. "Okay, now take it out."

My hands were shaking at this point, but I complied, and reached up to undo the front of his pants. "No, no, just through the fly for now," and he handed me the zipper of his pants, for me to pull down.

I opened his fly, and felt through the hole. His penis was getting hard, but I could tell that he was just getting started. Once I found it, I leaned in to rub and kiss him through his pants. He gripped me then very hard by the hair, I let out a little yelp, and he came down to eye level: "Don't do that, you little slut! Just do as you're told..."

He let go and stood back up, waiting for me to finish. I felt around again for his cock, and actually found it now fully hard. Wow, I guess that just turned him on.

I opened his boxers and brought his hard cock through his pants and into the open air. "Alright," he said, "now get to work, and I'll tell you what's on the menu." 

I leaned in and licked his slit and lightly around his head. I heard him give a light moan, and then I felt his hand on the back of my head. He slowly started applying pressure, forcing more of his cock into my mouth. Finally, I could feel him bottoming out. I was on the threshold of gagging from this slow dick swallowing, and I was glad to come up for some air. 

I didn't stop for long however and went back down to suck on his mushroom cap for a little. I heard him start to speak, but when I paused and looked up, he turned my head back to his cock. 

With one more quiet moan, he started: "Okay, so tonight, what you have to look forward to is: a lot of this, with me, whenever you aren't busy. My oldest son Lucas is turning 21 tonight. I'm hiring you tonight for him." 

He moaned loudly. I started working slowly farther down his shaft, taking time to suck his cock hard and keep his cock wet. 

"After you finish here, you're going to go to his room at the other end of the hall. I'm going to make you a birthday gift to him." I felt him pause and he started moving his cock in and out of my mouth. He held in place momentarily and let out a huge groan and then slowly continued. I was almost sure that he had cum, This man is very talented at edging himself. 

He let go of my head, and let me go back to sucking him at my own pace. 

"One thing you should know, my daughter, from my third wife, is having a birthday pool party out back. That basically means, stay out of the hall. Sorry, but you really can't go to the bathroom unless one of us goes with you. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

I came up for breath and nodded my head, then his hand brought me back down on his cock. "Good." I worked up some speed since he had finished speaking. I felt his orgasm approaching. Suddenly he yanked me back by my hair, and his cock left my mouth.

It didn't really hurt, but I felt kind of stunned. I was more horny than I'd ever been in my life. I had now sucked two dicks from different men without cumming once. I mean, I had just gotten this pussy and this body, but I haven't had an orgasm yet!

I looked back up at the client and he looked flushed, and I saw him zipping up his pants and adjusting his shirt. His cock was still rock hard, I had to admire his endurance. It drove me wild. 

"Alright, I'm going to go make sure that all of the guests have left. You go directly across the hall to his room, wait for him in his bed, under the covers, naked. Make sure you fix your hair..."

And with that, he was out of the room. I stood up, legs wobbling, that faint squeak returning as I was reminded yet again of how intolerably horny I was. I walked back down the hall of bedroom doors, past the main staircase, where a couple of straggling party guests were walking out, towards a second, smaller hall. This had one door in it and a row of linen cabinets. I reached the door and turned the knob, it was open. 

The interior was a lot like his father's, with a nice king-size bed in the middle. I crossed over to the bed. As I undid my dress from the back, I looked around, there were a couple band posters, a couple shelves of books, a computer on a desk; he seemed like a normal person. 

I slid the little black dress off. I wasn't wearing a bra, but now I felt a bit of relief with losing the dress. My hands moved down my sides and pushed down the little blue lace thong that I (just now) discovered I was wearing. Feeling air hit my throbbing wet pussy made me shiver. My hands traveled down, and I contemplated fingering myself so that I wasn't so delirious. I thought better of it.

I sat on the edge of the bed, and took off my heels. The pile of my clothes looked so small where I left them. I was already looking forward to the sensation of putting them on this new body. 

I heard some muffled sounds in the hall, so I scurried under the covers. I realized too late that I hadn't listened to him and fixed my hair. Desperately, without a mirror, I tried to feel with my hands for pieces that stuck out, or that I could fix. Otherwise, I resigned myself to the tussled hair look. 

No sooner had I settled on the bed then the door opened. "-a gift?.. What are you talking about?" His back was turned. At first glance, his son was tall and pretty muscular. He turned in, and I looked up at him as coyly as I could, and he gave a big happy reaction and closed the door behind him. He was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. His hair was cut fairly long, as I guess was the fashion. His face wasn't killer, by any stretch of the imagination, but otherwise, he was a stud. I figured I could easily cum with this man. 

He walked over to my side of the bed and picked up a framed photo, it was a picture of a young girl and him, on a beach. He suddenly seemed a little upset. "It's been six weeks since Jonelle broke up with me." Looking up at him, he seemed almost on the verge of tears. 

"Come here," he said. I crawled next to him at the edge of the bed. My naked breasts came above the covers, and I heard him give a sharp intake of breath as he saw them. "What's your name?" He asked, and as he listened, he started taking off his clothes, not frantically, but still quite fast. 

"My name's Noelle." I said. Finally, when he was naked, he turned and said, "Oh good, well I'm going to call you Jonelle." This startled me. I was so wet, I was willing to play along. 

His cock was nice. Thinking about his dad's cock, Lucas' cock was not quite as thick but was about two inches longer. As he walked toward me on the bed, his hard cock bobbed. 

"Jonelle, it's been so long," he said, and I opened the blanket and let him enter the bed next to me. "I've thought about you every day... I... I still love you." And at that he paused. After an uncomfortable amount of time, I realized that he wanted me to respond. I tried to seize the opportunity and not sound timid: "I love you too." I said, slowly and softly grabbing and stroking his hard cock between us. 

His eyes fluttered closed. "Ohh god, Jonelle. I've missed your touch."

He leaned in then and started kissing my lips. His lips traveled around my jaw to my ear, as I stroked his hard cock between us. I let out a deep moan as his hands started traveling my body: "Oh my god, me too Lucas. Ohhh fuck me!"

His eyes darted open and he looked over at me, then immediately flipped over so that he was on top of me, between my legs, with his hard cock now pushing aggressively against my wet cunt. 

"Ahh Jonelle, I love how wet you get!" Lucas said as he continued to grind into me, drawing his hips back and thrusting ahead, dragging the formidable length of his cock along my slick wetness. 

This was the first chance I had gotten for someone to work against me, me being the one brought closer to an orgasm. I knew that it was going to happen soon. I started seeing faint patterns of light under my eyelids, and my hips were bucking against his now wildly. 

He brought his lips down to mine and breathily whispered, "Oh Jonelle." And then I felt it: the big head of his long cock positioned at my sopping entrance. His stubble on my face, I felt his lips working on mine, his tongue probing my mouth as his cock started pushing into me. 

I felt his cock fill me up, and the sensation was indescribable. His cock stretched my tight walls, and I felt pain rocket to my pussy. 

"Oh Jonelle, you're so tight, have you been waiting too?" I nodded slowly, and he started moving inside of me. At this point, I felt waves of pressure flowing steadily from my pussy all over my body, and as he picked up speed, I felt myself contort and clench up as my first orgasm rippled across me. 

I'll never really know what a real female orgasm feels like. Right Rhyme Night Life ensures that all of the sensations are accurate, and I'm sure they're right. I don't know, I'm just a purist. Either way though, it was mind blowing, and I highly approve. 

I came back to my senses and realized that I was moaning loudly into Lucas' hand. He was shushing me into my ear as he pounded in and out; the sploshing sounds we were making were filling the room. 

"Shhh Jonelle, oh my god, good girl..." Lucas said, burying his face in my tits as he fucked me. He took one in his mouth and lightly bit and sucked on my nipple. My orgasm still hadn't fully subsided, and I couldn't help but continue to moan into his hand. The room was spinning, and I could feel in his body that he was also getting close.

Unlike his father, he didn't seem to prolong his ecstasy, and within a few thrusts, I felt his cock pulse inside me. He held at full hilt then, and I let my smooth legs wrap around him as I felt him shoot his cum all over my walls. I looked up and saw his red, straining face. I loved my new job. 

After he was done cumming, he stayed inside me for a few minutes and continued kissing me, calling me Jonelle, talking about how special our connection was. Saying we'd never break up again. This poor guy needed more help than I could give him. 

Then, at last, he rolled off of me, and fell asleep. I looked at the clock near the bed: 10:35pm. 

"Practically out of time," I thought. 

I went over to my clothes and slid into my blue lace thong. I loved dragging the still damp material over my smooth legs, goosebumps forming, and up to my pussy. I felt Lucas' cum leaking into the panties and making them sticky. I stepped into my dress, zipping up the back, looking at myself in a nearby mirror and adjusting my cleavage. 

After putting on my heels, I slunk out the bedroom door and down toward the front door. A quiet voice stopped me. It was Lucas' father again. He walked over to me from the staircase. 

"Wait, wait, we still have some time with you, I think." He gestured me to a nearby door. I walked in with him; it was filled with cleaning supplies. He checked his watch: "Perfect yeah, we have twenty minutes." With that, he pushed me back to my knees. 

I reached up for his fly, but his hands darted past mine and undid his pants completely and let them fly. Next he thew down his boxers. His cock was immediately at attention. I could see his pulse beating heavily in his cock, and I could feel myself instantly getting wet again. I leaned forward immediately and took his cock all the way into my mouth. He groaned loudly, and I picked up speed. 

Soon though, he stopped me, pulled out again. Was he edging himself off again? He seemed uncertain. 

Finally, he said, "fuck it," and stood me up and abruptly turned me to face away from him and bend over. I grabbed onto a shelf that had surface wipes and paper towels on them. I felt my dress get yanked up. My blue thong soon met my knees. 

With very little time to brace myself, I felt his cock enter me. His cock was a good deal thicker than his son's. As he pounded into me, I felt him stretch me. It wouldn't be long now, I would cum again. My juices mingled with his son's cum to lubricate his thick cock pounding in and out of me, and just I reached the peak of my second orgasm, I felt him brush against my cervix. 

He groaned out loud, then fell forward, against me. His hands worked their way up, while he fucked me, and they found my tits and squeezed them. He kept thrusting his cock in me. He forced my dress down so that my tits left their cups. "Okay, get ready for it."

He turned me around again, and brought me back on my knees. "Open your mouth." I opened my mouth, and knelt in front of him. I could hear him jerking off his wet cock, and seconds later, a thick rope of hot cum hit me on the tongue. Then about six more huge loads rained down on my face, hair, and on my dress and tits. This is what he was saving! I brought a finger down to my cleavage and went to suck it off my finger for him. Once I did though, he grabbed my wrist and said, "that one was for you, but I want you to walk back to your pimp looking like that." 

Again, I nodded dumbly, and stood up shakingly. I pulled my panties back up and walked out of the closet. I stood in his foyer for a second, looking at him. The clock was seconds away from eleven. 

"Well... there's the door, slut," he said, gesturing, then turned without another word and headed upstairs. I walked down the dark driveway to find the big SUV where I had left it before. My guy was hanging out the window again, and as he saw me, he let out an enthusiastic chuckle, "that's my girl!"

When I sat back down in the car, I felt the sensation of falling asleep. I dreamed that I was back at their house, getting fucked by a young man and then his father. What else would this job bring to me?

I opened my eyes again and the lid of the tank raised up to reveal the Transfer Room. The android at the console next to me stood and walked towards me, saying "Welcome back, Simon, you were in there for a long time."

Seth was nowhere to be seen. "Did Seth watch this one too?" I asked, timidly.

The Sheila unit responded, "Yes, Seth did watch, but as you left the work area, Seth excused himself to the washroom."

I thought on that for a second, and then the Sheila unit said, "Do you need rest? Are you okay to visit with another client?" She gestured to the table behind her, it was covered with no less than sixteen cubes. 

"Where did this line come from?" I asked, more than a little intimidated, but feeling my cock twitch at the thought of these encounters. 

"When you passed your test run, Noelle's profile went live. You see, you have a lot of customers interested in your product." Then her telltale giggle. 

I looked at the clock, it was barely even noon. "Well, Sheila, I suppose it would be unprofessional for me to leave work before lunch time."

TO BE CONTINUED