 My face was flushed, and I could feel my breath coming in fast and light. I crossed the street and looked up at the skyscraper. On one side, in large letters, Right Rhyme Night Life Inc stood out in green holographic letters, suspended in front of the sleek building. The city towered above me. On my level, trees and open parks dotted both sides of the Chicago River. 

I walked over to the river and gazed down. It had been mechanically cleaned in 2094, and for the next hundred years, the water was filtered every day by nanorobots. My reflection looked back up at me. My cheeks were flushed deep red, and my beard looked large and imposing. "I was born a man, I'll always be a man." But I couldn't help but think about what I was about to do. I was about to give my mind over and become what I had always secretly desired: a sexy, tight, young woman. A woman who truly wants to please men. 

I turned around and started to walk toward the building, and my confidence started to grow. I held up my wrist and saw the hologram of the time appear in front of me. "Right on schedule, good." This was a test day for an actual job, after all. If I do a good job, I'll be able to do this every day, and even get paid for it. 

I crossed the lobby. Androids and humans of all shapes and sizes walked around smartly, greeting me and everyone else, exuding calm and luxury. I made my way to an android behind the front desk. I locked eyes with her and felt her robotic eyes scan me. 

"Good morning, Mr. Simon Brown! I see you are right on time for your 10:00am test run."

"Yes, thank you, that's correct." I said quietly. I didn't want to sound nervous, but it was foolish to attempt. These new model androids were very quick and extremely detail oriented. 

"You will be testing the... Noelle Green model... is that correct?"

I looked around. I nodded back to her. "Lovely," she finished. "If you would please proceed to the elevator on your right," she indicated with a slender, robotic hand. I noticed an elevator became illuminated in a pale blue light. "You will be met at the top and your test will be established."

"Th-th-thank you," I mumbled.

The android giggled. "Don't be nervous," she smiled. "Good luck!"

And with that, I proceeded ahead to the elevator, the doors opening as I got within a few steps of them. Once I was inside, the elevator began to silently move. I looked through the clear walls to see the different floors, as well as the lobby growing increasingly farther away. Before I knew what was happening, the doors were opening again, and I was being met by another android (seemingly identical) and a man who I recognized as my Recruiter. 

"Morning, Simon. Glad you've made it!" He approached me and clapped me on the back.

"Morning, Seth. Thanks."

"What? Are you nervous?" Seth barked out a laugh, the android let out a similar giggle to the one in the lobby. We arrived at a sleek door in a long, well-lit hallway of doors. 

"I... I guess you could say that." I tried to laugh, but I stopped. It felt so forced. I guess I was just hoping to get the stupid procedural stuff out of the way. 

We entered the Transfer Room, and the android took her seat at the Operator's Station. Her fingers began to fly at a blur on the smooth surface of her console table. Lights and patterns appeared in the air, and as she worked, I saw the tank next to her light up. The lid moved up and away, and the bed where I had been trained to lie became softly illuminated. 

"Alright then, let's not waste any time," Seth said. "Let's touch on the basic in's and out's that you'll want to remember." I nodded and he continued. "First, this Sheila unit will be monitoring your sessions here to make sure that you are kept safe. Don't forget: if your host body dies, then your consciousness will die as well. That also goes for pain, which I'm sure your aware. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to feel any pleasure.. and we wouldn't want that, would we?" 

I was so grateful that Seth was trying to keep things light, but I was getting impatient. I knew the rules, I had run over them in my head countless times since I first came in for my interview. 

"If you are hired by Right Rhyme Night Life, Incorporated, you will be entitled to a 75% commission on every session that you book. This is a commission-only job, with no salary. You are also entitled to health benefits including human or android-led mental therapy sessions..." He gestured to the tank behind me. "Go ahead and lay down now, and be sure to get nice and comfortable."

As I sat down, the bed reacted and formed to my back curvature. It aided me in sitting upright. Seth brought over a metal cup with some clear liquid inside. 

"Here's the drink. Bottom's up, Simon!"

I brought the cup to my lips, paused for a split second, then downed the drink in one. It tasted like water, but I soon fell asleep. I felt myself recline on my bed, but I saw incredible patterns under my eye lids as the drink flowed down and seemingly filled me from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. Seth kept talking to me, but I felt his voice grow fainter and fainter. 

Then, once I could no longer hear Seth's voice, I heard the android speak: "Good morning, Noelle, rise and shine!"

I opened my eyes. I was in a different room, and I felt different too. I looked around. The furniture looked ancient. To one side, there was a coffee table and chairs, and a couch; everything somehow looked new. 

"You're in a hotel room," the android voice said again. "The year is 2016." I blinked. "Take a look around! Don't forget to stretch, your first client will be here soon!" I heard that familiar giggle again, and then she went silent. I sat up in my bed and then I looked at my body for the first time.

It was a dream come true. I stood up from my bed and examined my naked form in the full length mirror by the closet. I remembered all of the statistics about Noelle Green, how she was 5'4, 115 pounds, a brunette, with green eyes, smooth tan skin, 34C perky breasts, and a smooth, tight pussy. I ran my hands over myself. It felt like my skin. I lightly squeezed and played with my breasts, they were smooth and soft. I pinched my nipples and felt a surge of pleasure that made me moan. 

I had never really felt pleasure like that before. I was very well accustomed to the sensation of getting turned on and feeling my cock grow hard, feeling it ache to be released from my pants. This was new. I felt warmth and liquid spreading down. I moved my hand down and felt my pussy lips. They were already getting wet. 

"I'm so turned on already," I said, and then I gasped. Hearing my new voice for the first time drove me even farther into arousal. I no longer had the deep baritone, now it was light and high, a soprano. I turned around and looked at my back in the mirror. My brown hair looked beautiful and long, ending at around my mid back, and my ass was round, smooth, and tight. I pulled my right ass cheek to the side with one hand and released it. I was close to tears at this point, this felt like the body that I always wanted. 

Then I heard it, three knocks on the door. That was what I had been told to listen for; my first client was waiting outside. I looked around, there were no clothes available. Did they want me to greet him naked? I ran to all of the drawers and threw them open- empty. I ran to the closet, and I found a white bathrobe. I hastily threw it on and tied the rope shut. I returned to the mirror briefly to see if I looked good. I sure as hell did. But the knocking on the door brought me back to reality. I couldn't keep my client waiting. 

I opened the door slowly and saw him. He was about eight inches taller than me, and he grinned broadly when he saw me. I felt more heat flow down between my legs. He had a small bag with him, and he wore a dark blue suit with a white cap. From the uniform and the charming smile he wore, I could tell instantly that he was an airline pilot. 

"Won't you come in?" I cooed, feeling powerful and adventurous now.

"Why thanks, honey," he said as he brought his things inside. "What brings a sexy thing like you to this airport hotel?"

I giggled at that. Since this was just a test run, I assumed that they would have some programmed AI give me some cheesy lines. I wasn't wrong. 

"Well, they told me that you'd be here, so..." I turned back and winked at him over my shoulder. 

He took off his cap and set it on the coffee table. Then he took off his jacket and put it on the back of a chair. He loosened his tie and then took a seat on the edge of the bed. "Mike told me that I could ask you for any one thing."

"Well, if that's what Mike said, then I suppose you should."

"And you can't just stay the night with me?"

"No baby, I'm sorry, maybe some day, but today can't be overnight."

"Please baby? Flying planes is stressful, and you look like a lot of fun."

They were testing me, I knew it. 

"I'm sorry honey, I know your job has to be super difficult. I want to help you out with that." I moved over so that I was sitting behind him on the bed. I put my hands on his shoulders and began to gently massage them, I felt his head sag down a little. "So, just, let me know what one thing I can do that you'd really like, okay baby?" I gently leaned in to kiss his ear, and I felt his shoulders push back into my barely covered tits. 

"Unnggggg, why don't you help me take care of this?" He grabbed his crotch, and I looked down from his shoulder to see that he had a very sizeable bulge forming down his right pant leg. 

"Mmm okay baby, whatever you say." I moved from behind him. Now the real test would begin. I had this one chance to impress the AI. If all went well, I could work as Noelle for the rest of my life. If not, this could be the one chance I had.

I moved in front of my client and got on my knees on the ground in front of him. He leaned back on one hand while his eyes stared intently down at me. I reached a hand up and began stroking his bulge through his trousers. 

"Wow, it looks like you have quite a missile here, Captain," I said, looking playfully into his eyes. 

He groaned as he let out, "do you think you can handle it?"

I undid the trousers and moved them down, feeling the heat from his cock pour through his boxers. I reached my right hand up his boxer leg to feel his balls. They were large and round, with a little bit of hair on them. "Mmm there's only one way to find out." I leaned down and kissed his shaft through the fabric of his boxers. 

Now, I started kissing up and down his shaft in earnest, leaving large open kisses through the fabric. I knew that I could only keep up the torture for so long, and I was hungry to see that cock staring back at me, so I looked up at the Captain and smiled. 

All that he said was a breathless, "take it out" before I pulled the elastic band down and let his thick, hard cock hit me in the face. I let myself smell his shaft while I planted wet kisses on his balls. 

I felt him groan and shudder under me as I lightly dragged my tongue up the underside of his cock and gently sucked on the spot where his head met his shaft. The sensation of feeling his hot muscle on my soft lips was incredible. I looked out of the corner of my eye and saw myself on the dark television screen. I moaned onto his cock in that moment, and as he gasped, I realized that the time had come to take him into my wet mouth. 

I started to sink down on his head, running my tongue over his slit, wrapping my lips around his mushroom cap, moaning and sucking and coating him in my saliva. 

I felt his hand on the back of my head, and he lightly prodded me downward, taking more of his length into my mouth. I slowly started to bob, attempting to take more and more in. Feeling him press into my throat. I fought the urge to gag, squeezing my thumbs in my hands feverishly to overcome the sensation. 

"Can I... Can I fuck your mouth?" He said. I looked up at him and saw him red in the face, breathing heavily, his whole demeanor a little different.

"Of course baby."

"Let's make this interesting then," he said, and he helped me stand up in front of him. Once he was standing up, he completely stepped out of his boxers and pants, leaving him in his shirt and long black socks. Then, he pulled apart the knot on my bathrobe and pushed it off of my shoulders. I let it fall. 

He stood ogling me for a while, and I felt the pleasure building. He put his hands on my shoulders, he moved his hands over me, they felt rough on my soft smooth skin. 

"Mmm you were built for fucking, do you know that?"

"Mmmhmmm.." I said, giggling. He had no idea.

"Such a fuckable ass.." he said, giving my ass a little slap. "Next time, I might need to order one of your deluxe sessions."

I laughed. "Those are really great- a specialty of mine."

"I bet.. but for now, I want you to finish what you've started and take my heavy load."

He helped me up on the bed with him, so now he was lying down propped up on some pillows, and I crawled up next to him, on all fours, making eye contact once again with his gorgeous cock. 

I set up his cock at the tip of my tongue, and I felt his strong hands grab my hair and the back of my head. Slowly at first, he started working his cock in and out of my mouth. Juices were covering his cock and leaking onto the bedspread. 

I felt one of his hands leave, as the other kept my head still, his hips bucking wildly now. His free hand now moved quickly to my breasts, pinching my nipples briefly before moving down my right side, to my ass, spreading my cheeks far apart and playing with my pussy.

"Oh my god, your pussy is so wet baby," and his coarse finger pushed into my opening. I gasped as his cock explored even deeper in my mouth, and he thrust and held as I gagged momentarily on his cock. "Goooood girl.."

He let me up for air, and I started stroking his cock feverishly. "No no," he said, "I don't want you to use your hands." I nodded my head before taking his cock again. I felt his cock engorging, and thought he might be getting close, so he pulled out. 

I looked up at him inquiringly. 

"Come over here," he pointed to the edge of the bed. "Lie on your back with your head over the edge." I did as I was told. I saw his legs travel across the room, until he was standing right in front of me. I reached up and squeezed my right breast, my other hand made its way to my pussy. I felt an orgasm approaching.

"That's it baby girl, finger that pussy for me while you take this load down your throat." And then I felt him push into my mouth again, this time his cock traveling even deeper, pushing into my throat, making me gag again. Every time I was about to cum, he would make me gag, and I found that a very large orgasm was being pent up, desperate for release. 

"Mmm I bet you're dying to get fucked right now," as he kept pushing in and out. "Ahhh I'm going to cum." And I felt his cock beginning to twitch. 

I reached my hands up then and grabbed his ass cheeks, holding him in place while I started to swallow. His first shot then hit the back of my throat. Then a second, third, a big fourth shot. He gave me such a huge load. I tried to keep swallowing, but I also needed to breathe soon. The sounds of his loud orgasm had brought me to the extreme edge of my own, and I desperately needed the release. 

As his cum shots slowed down, I felt him lean over and sink two fingers deep in my pink cunt. "Mmmm baby that was incredible." I moaned as I continued sucking him, cleaning his cock. "Ohh god, looks like you need to cum too."

I felt his cock leave my mouth empty, and I caught my breath as he fingered me. I was so desperate, thoughts were traveling wildly through my brain. "Yes... please..."

Suddenly however, I heard a familiar android's voice in my head, saying, "Careful, Noelle wasn't paid for that, she's already done her service to this client."

I silently pleaded with the android to let me cum, but I heard her giggle again.

I heard the Captain coyly say, "I guess it'll have to wait until next time." 

The next thing I knew, I had the sensation of falling asleep. My eyes closed, and everything went dark. Then the Captain's touches were gone. All that was left was the intense feeling between my legs, needing to be released. 

"Welcome back, Simon," the android said again. From the corner of the room, I saw Seth walking back toward me. I blinked viciously, trying to get reacquainted. 

"Simon, that was very good... There's no need to be embarrassed. It's common for humans to see test runs." He took a seat in a doctor's stool next to the tank where I was still sitting. I couldn't help but notice that his face looked a little flushed, and he held a tablet over his crotch.

He pointed to my crotch. I looked down to see my own very stiff bulge. "Sorry about that, it's a frustrating side effect of this technology. We are able to give you the authentic feelings that you experience with Noelle, but if you aren't able to release those feelings, they do carry over." 

The android giggled again and then left the room. Shortly after, she entered with a small black box that blinked solemnly. 

"This is a very big client for us," Seth said, taking the box and looking at me. "He lives in the late 1990's, and pays a good deal of money for great experiences. He has no idea about the program obviously. He thinks that he is dealing with actual escorts from the 1990's." He looked down at the box and then up at me, pausing briefly. "With that being said, he has quite an appetite and has proven challenging for some of our employees."

It sounded good to me. Anything sounded good to me. I would have fucked Seth right then and there, I was almost delirious with arousal at this point. I just sat there, in the tank, nodding my head. 

"So, if you want to start today with us," Seth continued, seeing my dazed expression and smirking, "why don't we see how you handle Ron Romero." The android took her seat at the console again. The box was placed on the table top, and, as she feverishly typed, the box lit up and interacted with her computer. The tank began to move again, and Seth brought me back that liquid to drink. 

I downed it immediately. "Who knows?" Seth continued, "Maybe Ron will 'handle' you too!" I heard his laugh, then it seemed to fade away as my eyes closed and I felt the transition again. After too long of a break, I was going to be Noelle again. 

TO BE CONTINUED