 I blinked my eyes as I adjusted to the soft light in the room.

"Simon... did you hear me?" Seth repeated. "My boss... Mr. Rylance... would like to speak with you."

"Okay, I'll meet him."

I couldn't summon any more energy at the moment. That last moment in the Experience felt so lifelike. All of those men, their cocks stretching me wide... leading to that last man. I kept squirming my legs together, amazed at feeling my pussy stretched so wide, but also feeling the presence of my own dick again. 

"Can you walk? He will meet you upstairs, in his office," Seth said, bringing me back to the moment.

Sheila glided over to me, and offered a demure, slim-fingered hand to me. I took it timidly and shifted so my legs slid off of the Transfer bed. They felt like they hadn't had blood circulation in a long time. As I felt my feet hit the floor, I felt that familiar pinprick sensation. I couldn't stand; my legs were so wobbly. 

"Oh! Okay, just take it easy," Seth cooed, as he stood at once and strode over to join Sheila and me. "Sheila, would you bring us a wheelchair."

Sheila smiled and briefly nodded, and in the next second, a comfortable chair glided noiselessly through the door toward us. My hand still in hers, Sheila moved me then to the chair. I was as relieved to sit down as if I had been running a marathon. 

Seth moved toward the door: "I'll accompany you to his office."

I nodded as I tried to digest the new information while still remembering the Experience that I've had so far. The taste of hot cum, feeling pools of it wash off of me in the cool lake, getting fucked in a broom closet—I was getting a lot of work already.

"I want to reiterate to you that your work so far has exceeded most of our other Bot Experience girls. No reluctance, seemingly no limits. It's no surprise that you got Mr. Rylance's attention."

"Do you really think I'm that impressive?" I asked. I asked it as innocently as I could, but I saw him fidget, and I couldn't help but squirm a bit in my chair. I bit my lip, and tried to catch his expression out of my periphery. He caught me, his look softened, and he smiled.

"You're a natural." His words stuck. I'm sure he had to say that line many times before, but it worked. My dick twitched, and I could feel it getting hard, but it just made me miss my pussy.

We entered the elevator, and it smoothly rose up. The silence was welcome, and I tried to close my eyes briefly, remembering how it felt to be me. 

My eyes opened and, shortly after, the doors opened to reveal a large room with a tall glass ceiling. We were on the top floor, and we seemed to be above the clouds. There were no less than twenty Sheila bots of all different models clicking around on their high heels, carrying tablets and cubes glowing various colors. When we entered, many of them looked over at Seth and me, smiling briefly before continuing on. 

One Sheila bot --a gorgeous, long-legged model with dark cocoa skin—walked directly towards us and stopped.

"Hello Seth... Hello Simon," she cooed mischievously. 

"Hello Maggie," Seth returned. "Simon, Maggie is the Executive Assistant for this building, a very good person to know."

"Oh, I'm sorry, I assumed you were a..."

"A Sheila?" Maggie giggled, "I am a bit Sheila, but I'm mostly human. I guess you could say I'm the best of both worlds."

She was certainly gorgeous, from the wildness in her eyes to the slender lines of her smooth legs.

"Nice to meet you," I said, perhaps a little too quietly. She made me feel shy about myself; she made me miss Noelle. Maybe if Noelle was talking to Maggie, I'd be a bit more confident.

"Well, Mr. Rylance is expecting you. This way please," Maggie said before turning on her heel and leading us to the far side of the room. I couldn't help but check the smooth wiggle of Maggie's ass as she moved, and looking over at Seth, it was clear he was hypnotized as well. 

Maggie led us to a door and stood to the side for us to enter. As the door closed behind us, I got my bearings in a wildly different room than what I was used to. The room was something out of a history book: dark wood floor panels, plush leather furniture, a massive looking wooden desk. Mahogany and green made the whole office look distinctive and mildly sinister. Behind the desk, a man sat with his fingers gently interlaced.

"Thank you, Maggie," and with that the man waved her away. She smiled, bowed, and turned to leave. As soon as she crossed the threshold again, the door closed. 

Now, it felt like we could be anywhere—it didn't feel like we were in the penthouse of Right Rhyme Night Life in Chicago. The man stood up and revealed his absolutely massive form. He must have been close to seven feet tall, with broad shoulders, and arms like tree trunks underneath a deep blue suit stretched tight over his muscles. He made his way across the office to me, now shrinking subconsciously into my chair, and extended a muscular hand to me. 

"I've been looking forward to meeting you. My name is Doug Rylance." As I gripped his hand, and looked up at him, I felt his eyes bore into mine. The next thing I knew, he was pulling me easily to my feet. "Come on, you can stand now, leave the chair behind."

I was still a little wobbly, but his hand didn't leave mine, and he moved me around the room as though we were engaged in a luxurious ballroom dance. 

"Seth have a seat," Mr. Rylance said, as he released my hand quickly and moved around the desk to take his large, imposing chair. Seth took a seat in what I imagined was his 'usual chair.' I saw him look down at his tablet briefly, and it seemed as though he were ready to start taking notes on our meeting. I moved to the chair alongside his, but before I could sit, Mr. Rylance raised a hand and stopped me. "Absolutely not, Noelle. I didn't offer you a chair."

My legs buckled slightly at being called Noelle. I could feel my body and knew I was Simon, but being talked to like this brought me right back to the Transfer Room and to the Experience. I felt a pang of longing in my heart (and between my legs). 

"It's nothing personal, all of my female employees follow this policy. Since you're new, we'll let it slide." He ran his hands over each other, lightly twisting the few rings he was wearing, as he spoke. 

My breath started coming in ragged and shallow. I could tell that he noticed because I saw his lips curl in a slight grin. "You sure do have a flair for this kind of work, Noelle," he said, leaning back in his chair. "I must admit, after hearing Seth's report of your training exercise, I've followed your work very closely."

He paused here, and the silence seemed to fill the room. I saw Seth shift momentarily in his chair, so I cleared my throat and said, "Th-thank you, Mr. Rylance."

"You seem to be up for anything. Ready to take on challenging tasks... is that true?" 

"Yes, sir."

"Good, then I have something that I want to discuss with you," Mr. Rylance waved a pen on his desk and the tip of it glowed green. On the wall to the left of him, a framed portrait seemed to dissolve into another image. It was a room resembling a lavish hotel bedroom, and in the bed lay a sleeping Noelle. 

"There you are," Rylance continued. "Noelle is sleeping peacefully, completely biologically human." He continued to regard the image of her sleeping there. "Very sexy... I have been involved since we originally designed your genetics. You can almost call me Dad."

Seth coughed and shifted—he looked increasingly uncomfortable. 

"Seth, thank you, you can go back to your office now," Rylance said, smiling and revealing a mouth full of bright white teeth. Seth nodded, and after a brief look in my direction, removed himself from his chair and the room. Once we were alone, Mr. Rylance turned to me again and said in a lower voice, "Before I forget," he pointed over at the image of sleeping Noelle, "you... are currently in this building."

I betrayed a small gasp; I never expected to hear that. He continued to smile wider and wider, and my mind started racing. "We have a very complicated way of finding our Sex Bot workers, but sometimes, we strike it rich. I believe that you are a solid gold worker, Noelle. So, even though you've only just begun, I think you're up to the task."

My mouth was running dry, so I had to swallow numerous times before I could respond: "Thank you, Mr. Rylance. I think I am."

He laughed out loud again, and this time he stood up from his chair and came around the desk, sitting on the front of it inches away from me in the chair. 

"I haven't even told you what it is yet, but you are eager!" His laughter died down. "Tell me, Noelle, what do you think of the body you're currently in?"

"It's fine for what it is, but... I like Noelle."

"No sentimental attachment?"

"No, well, I guess my parents love this body, but they are off planet, and... at this point, I've out-aged them."

"Oh, I'm sorry, have they passed?"

"They're just retired, living in Vega close to the Black Hole."

"Oh very nice, so you don't visit often, I presume."

"No, I... I'm sure I'd hardly recognize them now."

"Well interesting... that's an interesting point," Rylance said, taking the opportunity to walk vaguely toward the image of Noelle. "I have an interesting opportunity to offer you, the opportunity to live and breathe as Noelle, in your body as you like it."

I was silent; I didn't know what to say.

"If you could choose between your body as it is now, and your body as it is here, what would you decide?"

"Noelle," I said with as much conviction as I could muster.

"You're allowed to take some time to decide."

I shook my head emphatically and repeated my answer. Mr. Rylance let out a small appreciative noise and called out, "Maggie."

The door opened and Maggie took three steps inside. 

"We are going to move ahead," Mr. Rylance said.

"Very well, won't you come with me, Noelle?"

I stood and cautiously made my way across the room. I turned over my shoulder to thank the Boss, but I found that he was hot on my heels. Maggie led us out of the office, back into the bright and modern top floor. 

We were in front of the bedroom in short order. Maggie stood to the side as the door opened, and Mr. Rylance said a preventative, "That'll be all, thanks Maggie-sweety."

Maggie nodded, "So long, Simon. See you soon, Noelle." With that, she took off in another direction, looking down at something on her tablet, her hair bouncing elegantly with each strut. 

I looked into the room that I had seen on Rylance's wall and was struck by how elegant everything appeared. It could have been something from Versailles, with long window drapes and gorgeous patterns on the walls and floor. Noelle looked like a sleeping princess, propped elegantly on pillows on a very spacious bed.

"All of this is for you, Noelle," Rylance said, jogging me out of my reverie. "You are officially our most valuable model. This opportunity is because I know you are worth the risk. You know how much of a privilege it is."

I made my way up to Noelle, my fingers itching to feel her from another's point of view. Mr. Rylance's voice cut through the room: "No! I don't want you to touch her. Sit on that fainting bed." He indicated a long, thin couch in front of the bed with various subtle machines embedded within it. I moved over to it and took a seat. He followed me and picked up my legs before I could move them, moving me from a sitting position so that I was lying down on the couch. He moved to the bedside table near Noelle and grabbed a cup of familiar looking tonic. 

"This is a similar tonic to what we give in Transfer Rooms, but it tastes much stronger, so be forewarned." He handed it to me, but put a few fingers on my wrist when I went to move the cup to my mouth. "One last thing, we're going to save Simon on site. We will potentially let you use his body in case Noelle gets upgraded or is in need of repair. Biologically, Noelle is absolutely human, but we have great advancements being made. You're going to be the best, and you're well on your way already." 

Mr. Rylance walked away again, moving towards the sleeping form in the bed: "any questions?"

In response, I downed the tonic in one heavy gulp. It made my eyes water. It tasted like a tea made with wet leaves and sludge from a garbage disposal. I gagged but willed myself to swallow all of it. I looked over at Mr. Rylance, who had a bit of a glint in his eye, but no sooner had I seen it then my eyes went dark and my head hit the couch.

Then darkness, I felt myself in a limbo for longer than I was used to. Panic set in; what if the technology malfunctioned and I was stuck in between? I felt myself searching in this limbo, looking for a body to go into. I felt the back of my eyelids, and, as I continued to search, I felt warmth beginning to spread over me. Slight pressure began, and I felt my hands, then my toes, and then my legs. My body felt light and smooth. I turned my head. I moved my arms. My eyelids fluttered open.

I looked up and saw Mr. Rylance standing directly above me: "Good morning, Noelle. How nice to see you again."

I tried to sit up in the bed, the covers shifted on me, and I realized that I was naked. 

"You're such a beautiful woman," Rylance continued. "Take it slowly, get reacquainted. No need to be modest; don't forget, I've seen everything before."

I nodded and felt my long brown wavy hair fall around my face. It felt so good to be in this body again, but it felt different. Knowing that I was out of the Experience brought me to reality, and a small twitch of pleasure made me let out a small 'Oooo.'

"Feels a little different than usual, doesn't it?" Rylance asked. Walking to another side of the room, set up with a standing mirror and a number of smaller wooden chairs and tables. "Come over here, Noelle."

I was happy to find that I wasn't wobbly, but I was amazed at how cold the room now felt, and my shaved pussy hitting the air raised little goose bumps all over. Mr. Rylance sat down in one of the chairs and gestured over to a nearby mirror. 

"Give yourself a little inspection! Welcome to your sexy little body, Noelle," he continued, letting his eyes travel all over my freely. Waves of heat started washing over me, and as I got to the mirror, I felt like I was staring at a very real young woman. My face was flushed, and as I scrutinized myself, I let my hands travel all over. 

There was a freckle now, on my left breast, maybe three or four inches north of my nipple. It was cute, dark, and small, but it stood out to me.

"We took extra lengths to make sure that you had as real of a body as possible," Rylance added, noticing my interest. "Now, do me a favor, bend over and touch your toes."

I did as he said and bent over at the waist. I felt my hands hit the ground with no resistance from my body --my flexibility was incredible! I knew about the view he was getting and took the opportunity to look briefly at him from between my legs. He was adjusting his crotch now, looking at me intently. Juices began trickling down to my pussy lips. While I was bent over, I took the liberty of feeling my cute little toes, smooth legs, and gently moved my ass back and forth. 

"You see, we did make certain enhancements. You're already in incredible shape: capable of exerting yourself for extended periods, stretching as much as a prima ballerina, and, well, you don't have much of a gag reflex anymore."

"Much of one?" I asked as I stood upright again.

"Well, here, why don't you see for yourself?" Rylance said, bringing his hands down to his pants. He quickly worked open his pants and let them fall. Underneath his black underpants, I could see a nice bulge straining in front of me. 

He started stroking himself through the fabric in front of me: "You and I are going to get to know each other very well, Noelle. If you gag on me now, I'm pretty sure you won't gag on me for too much longer." He pulled the underwear down and a beautiful uncut cock with a nice upward curve popped out. 

I made my way across to him and went down on my knees. I looked at his cock and reached up to gently start stroking it. It felt similar to cocks that I had in the Experience, but there was something special about real dick. It had a different kind of weight, and as I pulled back his foreskin, I marveled at how red his head was.

I licked his slit with the tip of my tongue. I gently reached out with my lips and kissed him, starting slow, beginning to stroke his shaft with my fingertips.

"You can play with yourself, baby, I can only imagine how much you want to explore that body," Rylance groaned as he closed his eyes at my touch. 

I moved my hand down to his balls and started playing with them and pulling on them gently. My other hand moved quickly to my tit, squeezing and pulling on my nipple. As I sank a little deeper down on his cock, I paused, feeling his head pushing against the back of my tongue. My hand traveled down to my flat belly, and I felt my hard abs. I sucked hard on his cock for a moment, feeling blood fill his thick head even more. He groaned loudly. 

"Alright, Noelle, take as much as you can." I started bobbing up and down, preparing to deep throat him. "You're going to make me cum soon. I have to say... I'm impressed."

I slid down, allowing myself to relax and have more of him inside. I got to the threshold that I was expecting, and, as he pushed deeper, I was surprised to find that, although breathing was impossible and my throat was tightening, I wasn't gagging like I thought I would be. 

Before I knew it, my nose was well buried in his pubic hair, and I felt his big balls pressing into my chin. His hand gripped my hair tightly, and he groaned and lifted his hips slightly off the chair. 

"Maggie!" he called out, and she entered quickly and turned to face us. She didn't betray any kind of surprise to see us like this, but then again, I was relying entirely on sound. She crossed over and stood next to him, allowing me to see a sliver of her smooth dark legs entering my field of view. "See her technique here?" he continued to her, tilting my head to the side as I came up for air. "You could learn a thing or two from our new friend, Noelle."

Maggie didn't say anything. 

"She hasn't gagged at all, look, watch me fuck her throat," he continued, pressing his cock against my lips and then pushing and thrusting all the way in. "Ahhh, see... I couldn't... have done that... with you... but you... will learn... a lot.. from working... very closely... with her..." then he bottomed out, groaning loudly and holding me in place. His hand left my head and he let me start bobbing and working on him at my own speed.

"So, Maggie, since all this happened, what other business?" Rylance said in a half question, half sigh. 

I got his head nice and wet again, and started to jerk his sloppy dick slow and steadily while my other hand found my pussy. 

"EuroLiving Enterprises is hoping to push up their meeting to 11am tomorrow," Maggie said, glancing down at her tablet. 

"Mmm good... confirm with them, that's fiiiiine...."

"And, the Ambassador from Ukraine has contacted our Executive Entertainment Services about his upcoming visit to Chicago."

"Oh good," Rylance said, "we'll have to introduce him to Noelle." He gripped my hair quickly, pumping two or three times into my throat before releasing my hair again. "She's going to be the flagship girl in our Executive Entertainment line."

"Very good, sir," Maggie said, making some adjustments on her tablet. "That will be it for pressing new business."

"That will be all then, Maggie," and I saw her leave and heard her heels clicking on the floor until she disappeared through the door. "Good, then now that that's done, let's cum, shall we?"
