 Sheila picked up one of the cubes on her desk. She wiggled her eyes suggestively and let out the tell-tale, slightly too robotic giggle. I felt myself getting tired. Cumming felt different as Noelle. I came really hard when Lucas fucked me and then I came again when his dad fucked me in the broom closet. For some reason, I could still feel their cum mingling and leaking out of my pussy. I couldn't wait to send my mind back to Noelle's body.

 I chuckled sheepishly and was about to accept the cube that Sheila offered when the door opened, and Seth walked into the Transfer Room. He looked flustered, and I noticed that he was having trouble making eye contact with me.

 "That... that was very good," he said, putting his tablet down in front of himself as he sat across the small room from me. Sheila gave her giggle again, and Seth said, "Sheila, leave and come back in five minutes."

 With that, Sheila got up and left the room, the door opening and closing soundlessly behind her. Once he was sure that Sheila had left, Seth turned around and faced me again. 

 "Listen, this is no secret, I just didn't want her here giggling all the time, if you wanted to think this over."

 "Think what over?" I replied. Nothing about this job was making me want to quit so far. 

 "Well, I went to go see the Director of Escort Entertainment just now," he paused, "about you." My breath caught in my throat a little bit, he was a well-known man named Doug Rylance. He helped create the technology of the Transfer Rooms. "Mr. Rylance is interested in your potential for a new service that we are going to roll out next month."

 He paused here, gauging my reaction. I cleared my throat and responded, "Well... okay. What is required of me exactly?"

 "This is going to be a little more interactive... this is going to be a little more public too." Seth was blushing. I knew that he'd been watching both of my sessions before now, and I bit my lower lip when I thought about how it affected him so strongly. 

 He continued, "Umm... you are going to see some cloaked camera spheres in the room with you, only you'll be able to see them."

 My cock twitched at that. He paused again, so I beckoned him on, and shifted on the Transfer bed. He added, "clients here... in this building... will be able to watch in private booths, and..."

 My cock was getting rock hard now, why wouldn't he just come out with it! "And what!?" I said, probably a little too impatiently. 

 "And then, if they choose to pay more, they can then enter a Transfer Room and join you in the Escort Experience."

 I thought for a second about all of this, "That means that... it would be me and a lot of guys in the Experience." I looked up at him to see him nod. 

 "It's still a new offer, it's being tested, so you will meet Mr. Rylance soon to discuss ways to improve it for the clients.. ...and for yourself, of course."

 The door silently opened and Sheila came back inside, with the same placid smile draped over her lifelike features. She sat back down at her console and waited silently.

 "Well... I accept," I said. I kept my hands folded in front of me, desperately trying to hide my thick erection. Seth let a brief smile escape before he wiped it away and replaced it with a professional nod. 

 "Very good! Mr. Rylance will be pleased," Seth threw out. He hit some points on his tablet to confirm everything. Then he stood up and walked over to Sheila and her console. "Sheila," he commanded, "you are relieved of the console, please take the observer's chair."

 She stood up with that and they swished past each other next to my Transfer bed. Then, he lay the tablet down upright in a notch on the smooth table surface. The tablet illuminated briefly, as did parts of the table, and Seth began to work feverishly (albeit at a slower pace than Sheila) to set up the Experience. 

 "Okay, everything is set. Don't forget, we can get you out at any time. The Experience is practically ready for the public, so you shouldn't see too many flaws. If you get overwhelmed and need to leave, let us know and we'll do an Emergency Pull. You don't need to be ashamed of that." Seth finished, looking over at me. I nodded lamely.

 Seth then walked up and retrieved a cup of tonic from its console in the corner of the room. He then walked it over and gave it to me. 

 "This is going to have a bit of a flavor to it." He then went on to say, "we needed to change the compound because of the more public nature of the Experience."

 I nodded again and knocked it back. It tasted slightly rusty, which was a little unpleasant, but otherwise it was easy to swallow. The sensation of leaving the Transfer Room was now a lot faster. I felt my body being pulled intensely into the bed where I was laying, until finally I was released and I opened my eyes again. 

 It felt so good to be Noelle again. I looked around. I seemed to be alone, lying down inside of a small camping tent. I looked down at what I was wearing: a pair of tattered looking denim shorts, cut short enough that my pockets were showing. On top I wore a blue and grey flannel shirt. Otherwise, I didn't seem to be wearing panties, or a bra, and my hair was in nice, slightly messy, brown curls. 

 Suddenly, I realized, I didn't have instructions for what I was supposed to do. I heard a voice in my head, right after thinking it, instead of Sheila's though, it was Seth's. 

 "Well, in short scenario Experiences, we go into more detail. Given the public and open nature of this Experience, we rely on your instincts." Another pause, then, "you know what you're here to do."

 At that line, I felt a wave of pleasure roll down to my toes. It made my pussy throb, and I could feel it getting a little moist. I stood up slowly, arching my back in the low ceiling. My hand reached for the zipper door and opened it. The light shone in and blinded me (wow, the sky is realistic!), and I timidly stepped barefoot outside. 

 I was on the shore of a lake. There were tall pine trees all over the camp ground, and dozens of tents like mine lay scattered around the shore. Sound could be heard coming from some of them, and, although I couldn't see anyone yet, I had the impression that lots of people were around. 

 I walked to the shoreline and stepped onto a long dock that stuck about fifty feet into the calm lake water. I walked to the end and peered around, still no one. Where was everyone?

 No response from Seth though. I guess now it was all up to me! Thinking quickly about what to do, I reasoned that the best course of action would be to go in the water! Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a softball sized sphere, it was so well-concealed that I don't think I would have seen it if I hadn't been looking for signs of life. 

 "That must be one of those secret, hidden cameras," I thought. It drifted idly closer to me, getting a full view of the entire surrounding for my viewing audience. 

 I slowly moved my hand up to the buttons on my flannel shirt. Undoing them one at a time, I let the shirt hang open, feeling the air hit my naked chest. I shrugged the shirt off of my shoulders and heard it softly hit the wooden planks of the dock. My hands briefly went to my breasts, feeling them, moving them up and down in my hands, cupping them lightly and then feeling my nipples. 

 I heard movement behind me, looking secretively behind me as I stood fondling myself, I saw that one man had left his tent and was now making his way to me, grinning broadly. 

 He looked like a Hollywood leading man. His tan body was covered with a nice amount of dark body hair, and his jaw line and muscle tone looked as though it were carved from marble. His abs were on full display, since he was only wearing shorts, and the beginnings of a nice bulge were taking shape. 

 I quickly turned back around and smiled to myself. My pussy was now getting quite wet, but I figured it was better to play coy. My hands darted down to my button, and, once it was open, then lowered my fly. 

 I heard his footsteps meet the dock and knew that I didn't have much more time before he got to me. I quickly pushed the shorts down my smooth legs, bending over at the waist to give him a little show. 

 Once I could tell that he was about ten feet away, I leaped off of the dock and dove into the dark, cool, lake below. Skinny dipping in the lake was incredible, and I loved feeling the cool water rushing between my thighs, and over and around my round tits. When I resurfaced, I turned around and saw him standing there waiting for me.

 "Well, hello there!" I said as playfully as I could. I began to slowly swim over to the dock. 

 "Hi," he responded, smiling. His hand traveled quickly down to his bulge and he grabbed it once, strongly, right in front of me. 

 "That looks like quite a cock that you've been hiding," I said, returning his smile. 

 "I saw a bit of you before," he said, "but if you step out of the water and show me what you're hiding, then maybe I'll show you mine."

 It was a bit of a tired line, but I put my hands on the ladder and slowly raised myself up. My tits left the water, and I heard him gasp. I leaned back as I walked up the ladder, feeling my hips sway a little as I finally got back up to his level. I looked up and saw that another camera sphere had joined the other in stealthily sneaking around overhead. 

 "Well, what do you think, Mr...?"

 "Call me James."

 "Okay, James, do I pass the test?" I said, inching closer to him, tilting my head to one side. 

 He bit his lip and let out a little laugh. "I just knew, when I saw you getting naked, that I had to have you before anyone else did."

 This made my breath hitch a little bit, and as the sun dried off my skin, I could feel the heat and moisture starting to flood my pussy. My hands reached up slowly and felt his bulge through his shorts. It was so hard already, it was pushing up a big tent down the left leg of his shorts. 

 "Mmmm, I'm glad you're here early too," I said, stepping in so that my nipples pushed lightly into his abs. I started stroking him slowly with one hand while my other pulled at the loose knot on his drawstring. "So," I said, playing it up as much as I wanted, "how do you want to have me first, James?"

 Then, his lips came down and crashed onto mine. He moaned loudly then, and said, "aaah, I haven't kissed anyone like this in such a long time." 

 I felt his shorts drop to his ankles while we hooked up, our lips and tongues playing while I felt and started stroking his naked cock between us. 

 I heard some noise back from the shore. Two more tents were opening, and two new guys were stepping out of them. I returned to kissing James, and I felt his hands snake along my body, stopping to play with my tits, then my smooth, round ass, then, from behind, slightly grazing my wet pussy with the tips of his fingers. 

 I moaned and started to kiss down his chin, then to his neck, to his collarbone, tracing a lazy trail down to his hard pecs. I took his nipple briefly in my mouth, my hands running over his balls and shaft. I heard him moan loudly before I continued lower, kissing over his abs, tracing his Adonis lines with my tongue. My knees hit the soft fabric of his shorts over the hard wood planks, and I steadied myself in front of him taking in the view of his gorgeous, hard cock at eye level. 

 My eyes shifted to the shore, the two newcomers were walking fairly quickly, looking at me and not at anyone else. They were also dressed wearing only shorts, and they had similar bulges that were starting to strain at the fabric. 

 I turned back to James, and started tickling and licking his head with my tongue. I peaked up to see his head resting back, eyes closed, his hands came up to rest on my shoulder and my head. Slowly, I started swirling my tongue around, getting his cock nice and wet before I sucked him. 

 Both of the newcomers arrived, and I heard them only steps behind me. They didn't continue though, and soon I heard their shorts hit the deck as well. James didn't seem to mind either, and I took the liberty to take his entire, thick mushroom cap into my mouth and suck on it. He groaned and I heard a new sound. I started to sink lower on his shaft, while my hand came up to play with his heavy balls, and I realized what the sound was, the other two guys were jacking off behind me. 

 I moaned into James' cock then, and felt an orgasm building. I pictured Seth quickly, I pictured all of these guys in the building watching me, some of them jerking off, and I realized what I had become. It almost pushed me over the edge, until...

 Something poked my cheek. I looked to my right and saw that one of the other guys had built up his courage and come closer. Looking up at him, he had a similar build to James, with a little bit more chubbiness, which I thought was distinctive and sexy. I licked the side of my mouth, smiling up at him, and I realized that he had left a string of precum on my face. 

 "Dirty boy," I scolded. I was loving this, I looked briefly over at Man #3, he was stroking his cock in the corner. He seemed to be having a great time, so I threw him a short wink before I looked back up at this new cock. "Are you trying to get me all messy?" But he didn't answer. Instead, he just took his cock and pushed it very far into my mouth.

 I was caught off guard here, but I fought the urge to push away. "Oooo, you are naughty aren't you?" And he smirked at that and grabbed the back of my head, slowly pushing his cock deep, in and out of my wet mouth.

 "Come on, Chris, wait your turn," James said, and then he turned my face to look at his cock and he pushed his huge length as far as he could. I felt his thick veins on my lips as his head pushed into my throat. 

 "Shut the fuck up, James," Chris replied, "don't insult Noelle like that, can't you see that she's a pro?" He turned me back, and pumped his cock deep into my throat. He bottomed out, and I slid my tongue along his balls before I gagged and came up for air.

 "You can both have me, boys," I said, reaching up my hands to stroke both of their wet cocks. I looked over at Man #3, "and you too, baby."

 Man #3 then walked up next to Chris and completely removed his shorts. The next thing I knew, he was sitting down on his shorts, with his very thick cock standing up at attention. I thought that I had good flow going on with the other men, but I wasn't about to shut down a paying customer. 

 I scooted over so that I was straddling him, and James and Chris followed. I felt his tip on my pussy, his cock was also leaking precum, and as I sank down on it again, my eyes fluttered closed. 

 I felt a rough hand grab my head then and bring it down on their cock. My eyes were still closed, and the sensations kept them that way, but from the feel of the cock, it must have been James. He seemed very possessive, and part of me wanted to make him cum first. Three men are hard to please all at the same time!

 As I started to bounce with greater speed, I switched and sucked off Chris while I jacked James off. I looked quickly toward the shore and saw three more guys on their way over. This time, they were all jogging, if not running! My pussy throbbed as a major orgasm approached. 

 I heard James say, "That's it Ben, fuck her pussy nice and hard." The three new guys were there in short order, and the next time that I came up for breath from Chris' cock, I saw that they were all naked and stroking very nice, hard cocks. Slowly, they made their way around so that they were standing in between James and Chris. As my first orgasm mounted, I bounced harder than ever letting James and Chris smack their cocks against my outstretched tongue. My tits were bouncing aggressively, which was a new feeling, and the three new guys stepped up close. 

 Now, with my hands stroking James and Chris, I leaned forward, taking one of the new cocks in my mouth. It was hard to balance, keeping Ben's hard cock moving well in my pussy, while bobbing up and down on this new cock. My mouth kept getting passed around, and then I heard one of the new guys speak. 

 "We need this slut on her hands and knees," he said, while he stroked his cock, wet with my saliva. 

 "Mmmm, good idea Miguel," Chris said, while he forced his cock down my waiting throat. The two silent new guys then moved, and James and Chris briefly stepped back, lightly touching their cocks, obviously trying to stay hard and keep from cumming. I felt myself being lifted off of Ben's cock, and I moaned as I felt it leave my wet, now-stretched pussy.

 They put me down on my hands and knees, and I arched my back to give them a good view of my ass. They stood around looking at me for a little while, while they just stroked themselves. Desperate to cum, I reached my right hand up between my legs and traced my wet opening with my middle finger. 

 Miguel stepped forward again. "Mmm, I want that pussy. Let me get under you." And with that he lay down and moved me over him, my tits barely reaching his pecs as he lined up his cock against my opening. The others started taking new positions now. 

 "Ooo, so do I," said James, and I felt him get on his knees behind me too. This was new to me, and part of me felt a pang of fear. Before I could say anything however, I felt Miguel's cock slide into my pussy and my eyes shut tight. After his cock bottomed out in me, I felt James' start to push at the back of my opening, towards my taint. I heard him spit and felt it run from my asshole down my taint to my pussy. 

 Then, slowly, I felt him push inside, joining Miguel's cock in my wetness. I screamed a moan as I felt my body stretch violently. As I screamed, I saw one of the other silent newcomers approach me and shove his cock into my mouth, muffling my screams. He moaned loudly as he felt my vibrations pass over him. 

 "Ahh I think she likes it," said the man, "do you like Zach's cock bitch?" And as he started to work in and out of my mouth, I felt James and Miguel move their cocks as one in and out of my overcrowded pussy. 

 Ben, who still had my pussy juices on his cock, stroked himself feverishly until he grabbed my face and exploded all over my forehead and hair. He groaned loudly, but I could also hear the other guys talking about what a wimp he was for not holding out. Before he could reply he had disappeared and left the Experience.

 I looked up toward Chris and saw him standing off to the side, stroking himself, looking over my body, shaking as I was taken. "Noelle," he said, rubbing his hands along my tits, then my back, down to my ass cheeks, which were shaking with each thrust from James and Miguel. He sucked his middle finger into his mouth, and then I felt it press into my asshole. I gasped, and Zach pulled his cock out of my mouth. 

 "Get in this, Shawn," Zach said, pushing my head toward Shawn. Shawn seemed a bit more timid, but slowly he lined up his cock on my lower lip and pressed himself into my mouth on my tongue. I felt my orgasm about to peak, and as I was fucked, I let my moan radiate over Shawn's cock as I sucked him hard. My juices coated the two cocks in my one hole, and my eyes saw only light for a second or two. 

 When I came back to my senses, I found myself still riding the pleasure of the orgasm. Now I was moaning on Shawn's cock while I stroked Zach. The fucking from Miguel and James seemed to stop, and I felt Chris move next to me, I took Shawn's cock out of my sloppy mouth, and stroked them while I looked at him. Chris stepped over my ass to straddle me, and the next thing I knew, he was lining up his cock to dip into my tight asshole. 

 James and Miguel pushed in to the hilt, and when I started to squirm at the pressure of having a third thick cock impale me, Zach and Shawn held my shoulders still. 
