 The sun was rising, on what promised to be another hot South California day, when Alex awoke in his cozy bed with the usual morning hard-on. His wife, Genia, was still sleeping soundly, rather she was still unconscious from her nightly habit of pills and wine. He gently eased out of bed and put on a pair of sweat pants before leaving the room and making his way down stairs, through the kitchen and out the sliding glass door into the backyard and a gray early morning mist. He quickly walked to the far end of the pool heading for the Man Cave located in the converted pool house. Alex put a lot of work into the Man Cave installing a couch, a sixty inch screen, small kitchen and bathroom. It's the place where Genia makes him stash all his 'tasteless man junk'; a bean bag, antique movie posters, and the PacMan arcade game he restored himself. And best of all, it was home to Shelby.

He opened the door to see Shelby dusting the furniture. She stopped cleaning and turned to look at him with adoring eyes and lips that ease into a warm smile. Five foot six, one hundred pounds of cream skin delight, with blonde hair falling over her shoulders and the most innocent blue eyes, she looks like a fantasy college cheerleader sorority girl dressed in a white pleated mini skirt and a tight pink t-shirt. Not slutty but a sweet and clean, before anyone else. She put down the feather duster and sashayed towards him with open arms.

"Alex," she said, throwing her arms around his neck mashing her tits into him as she nuzzled his neck. "I'm so glad to see you."

"You too, baby."

He pulled back to gaze upon her perfection, marveling at the way her chest rises and falls as she breathes and her nipples harden at the slightest brush.

She asked, "Would you like me to brew you some coffee? Espresso? Fresh squeezed orange juice?"

"No baby. I just want to spend time with you."

Hugging her back at the waist, he bumped his groin against her crotch, before playfully grinding his hard-on against her. Her face changed from innocence to seductress, as her eyes narrowed with lust and her lips curled into an all-knowing smirk. She began to trail her fingers down his chest, looking at him hungrily.

"You do?" she asked in her most sultry, sex voice. "And what are you going to do to me?"

"I'm going to show you."

His hands slid down her backside, under her skirt, pulling at its elastic band to cup her round, high cheeks and he kissed her pouty lips. She opened her mouth ever so slightly before he tongued it open and she acquiesced with a lusty moan. His hands pulled her skirt to her knees. She stepped out of it, letting it drop to the floor. He pulled her into him, cuddling against her limber body. Together, they tumbled onto a couch where he pushed her top up and over her luscious breasts swelling out of the lacey bra. Her perky tit bounced as he released it from its white lace cup; a mouthful of warm rosy tipped flesh. She giggled and raised her arms to squirm out of her restricting top. His hard on went fully erect to see her beautiful body and her pussy which reminded him of tight, young pussy he dreamt about in high school. He pulled off his sweatpants and kicking them aside and she writhed on the couch, smiling up at him, inviting him to enter with open legs and upturned knees. He wished he had more time to play but he had to shower and shave for work.

"This is going to be quick, babe."

She purred, "I love it when you call me babe."

He moved up to straddle her waist and slipped his dick, already slick with a little pre-cum, in between her tits as she pressed them together. He slid it back and forth, over her ribs sandwiched between her breasts. Shelby seemed to enjoy it, moaning and undulating between his legs as she gazed up at him, teasing him by sticking out her tongue every time his dick head emerged near her chin. It felt so good, but he stopped what he was doing to crawl further up and pressed his thighs against her ears as he eased his stiff one down into her mouth. She slurped and sucked his shaft with skilled lips and tongue, looking up at him with those big eyes before closing them to give such a satisfied moan as he fucked her mouth. He withdrew it to rub it against her lovely skin.

"I love your dick," she purred, still squeezing her tits together.

He shoved it back in, letting it slip over her velvet tongue and down her tight throat. She gagged a little, spittle dribbled from the corners of her mouth as her eyes watered, but she took it all the way down, her throat muscles tightening and releasing on his dick, her undulating tongue hitting all the sweet spots as he plunged it in balls deep. No one gives a blow job like Shelby. No one.

His dick slid in and out of her willing mouth and it didn't take for Alex long to cum, spurting into her warm tight mouth until it oozed from the corners of her lips still pursed tightly on his pulsing cock. And though it felt incredibly good, he withdrew his sticky dick, unstraddling her head as he held his still twitching dick. Shelby sat up. Her cute pink tongue licked droplets of jizz from her lips before she swallowed.

She said, "Alex, I'm down to twenty percent battery life."

"Okay, baby, get dressed and then sit in your chair."

They lazily got up; he stepping back into his sweats while she dressed in her simple skirt and top and walked across the room to sit in her recharging chair in. Sufficiently cooled down, Alex poured bio cleanse into the bottle's cap and handed it to her. She rinsed and gargled the minty smelling liquid before swallowing the synthetic enzyme which dissolves his cum into a simple cell liquid for future elimination. She handed him the cap which he placed back on the bottle. At the door, he looked over his shoulder at his doll.

"Bye, Shelby. Power down."

"Good-bye, Alex. Have a good day. And don't forget, the game is on the Southland Sports Channel, tonight at seven p.m."

Her eyelids closed as she powered down and Alex left to start his day.