 Character Profile: Jake Madison

Age: 18

Description: Jake was a 'hot nerd' as most of the girls called him. He never really failed a class, wasn't very social, and played mostly video games. He's had a few girlfriends, but was never obsessed with sex. 

That's about to change. 

***

The sound of the computer starting up was music to Jake's ears. After the longest week of his life, all Jake wanted to do was sit down and play some games. He pulled the mouse out of his desk drawer, plugging in the usb drive into the laptop. He logged into the device, his home screen appearing before him, cluttered full with research papers and game links. He clicked on the link to a game that looked unfamiliar, seeming to have appeared out of nowhere. The letters under the thumbnail read "YourDesires.exe", and the thumbnail was a simple heart. The game booted up with an almost pure white screen, except for black letters spelling out 'Desire Games.'

The title screen took Jake off guard a bit. The background was a dark looking bedroom, two scantily clad women lying on the bed. There was another woman on the couch in the corner, seeming to look at him directly. Finally, there was a woman standing directly in front, wearing nothing but a see through robe. He hit the play button, the loading screen shining on his face. 

When the screen had loaded, he was prompted with a text box and the words 'Please Enter Your Name.' He typed his name in and hit continue, now confronted by a customization screen. The screen prompted him to 'Design The Girl He's Always Desired.' He scrolled through the options and clicked one by one, then selected continue. He was then confronted by the model of a tanned woman with blond hair with brown tips, her green eyes looking at him softly. The top of the screen read 'Is This Girl Correct?', and Jake looked closely. He noticed her pink lips and large bust, her toned stomach exposed. His eyes travelled down her legs and back to her face, his hand slowly moving to the yes button. The game them prompted him to select clothing for the girl. He picked the desired wear and hit continue, and was then given another text box and the words 'Name Your Girl.' He typed in the name Alex, hitting continue. The loading screen appeared, and a few seconds later there was a knock on the door. 

Jake turned around and noticed that he was in a completely different room. The room was similar to the one on the title screen, with grey walls, low lighting, a bed on one end and various pieces of furniture strewn about. It looked similar to a luxury loft, and smelled faintly of lavender. The knock happened again and Jake stood up to open the door, walking slowly to it. He opened it to see the blonde haired girl he had designed moments before, dressed in the blue jeans, tank top, and sneakers Jake had chosen. 

"Hey Jake. I'm glad you invited me over." Her voice was as he imagined, and she smiled as she stood before him. Jake was confused, yes, but he decided to play along and plastered a smile on his face. 

"Hey, Alex. I'm glad you were able to come over." He stood to the side to let her in, watching her hips sway as she walked to the couch in the corner of the room. 

"Me too. I've been waiting for this since you booted up the game." Jake walked over to couch Alex sat on, sitting next to her. He thought her response was odd, but he didn't pay attention to it.

"Well, since your here, what would you like to do?" Jake rested his hand on her thigh instinctively, but she didn't seem to object. 

"We can do anything you want to. I'm just here to please you." She placed her hand on his thigh, smiling at him sweetly. Jake has never been one to obsess over sex or his hormones, but he couldn't deny that he'd never thought about it. "Your wish is my command." 

He ran his hand through her hair, gripping the side of her face gently and pulling her lips closer to his. He kissed her slowly at first, but then kissed her with a fiery passion. She wrapped her arms around his neck, her hands tangling inside of his hair. He pulled away slowly, looking at her. 

"Alex, I want you to get on your knees in front of me and take off your shirt okay baby?" She simply nodded and moved off the couch, kneeling in front of him on the floor. She slowly gripped the bottom of her top, pulling it off of her torso and throwing it aside. She sat on her knees in front of him, giving him a good view of her bust through her blue bra. 

"Good girl, baby." Jake reached down and undid his pants, slowly undoing the zipper. "Now I want you to take my cock and give it a nice blowjob for me okay baby?" Alex nodded and pulled down his jeans, pushing them just above his ankles. She pulled down his boxers the same way, taking his cock in her hands. She pumped up and down and looked up at him, smiling as she picked up her pace. She licked the top slightly, making Jake shutter. She seemed to notice and did it again, her eyes continuously connected to his. She began to gently suck on the tip, making Jake close his eyes and lean his head back. A slight groan came from his parted lips, his hand tangling into her blonde hair. She opened her lips and took half of him into her mouth, making him moan again. He looked down at her, seeing her smile as she bobbed up and down. He began to add pressure to her head, making her take him deeper into her mouth. He felt his tip press against the back of her throat, hearing her gag. He pulled her off, a trail of saliva connecting her mouth to his cock. 

"Was that what you wanted Jake?" He nodded and she smiled. 

"It was baby. I want you to go until I cum all over your mouth okay?" She nodded and smiled, licking his tip again. She took him into her mouth, going slow at first. Her eyes closed as he moved her head for her, going faster every 10 seconds. He pushed her head down all the way, hearing her choke and gag. He felt her throat contract on his cock and he pulled her off, letting her breathe. He pushed her back on again, moving her head up and down faster and faster. He felt himself come close to releasing so he pressed her head down as far as he could, the sensation of his tip on her throat sending him over. He released down her throat, his cum dripping down her esophagus. He pulled her off, his cum dripping down her chin. She smiled as he let go of her hair, wiping it off and licking her finger. 

"Good girl, Alex. Your such a good girl." He pulled her up by her chin, kissing her soft lips and moving her onto his hips. He kicked his shoes off and pulled off his pants and boxers with his feet, kicking them aside. He kissed Alex with passion, moving her hips to grind against his. He undid her jeans button, moving her down onto the couch. He kissed down her neck, biting in the occasional spot. He trailed kisses down her chest and along the edge of her bra, reaching behind to unclip it. He threw it aside and moved his lips around her nipple, sucking lightly. He listened to her moan, his hand traveling to her other breast. He pinched the nipple lightly, then harder, making sure he didn't hurt her. He kissed further down over her stomach, moving to her pants hem. He undid her zipper slowly, moving down to take off her shoes. He threw them aside and pulled down her jeans, pushing them to the other end of the couch. He kissed up her legs and thighs, teasing her as he ran his fingers over her underwear. He felt her shudder underneath him, looking up at her as her eyes closed. She let out a low moan as he continued to run his fingers up and down her, slightly pulling on the hem on the way. He pulled down her underwear slowly, running a finger over her clit slowly. Her legs shook lightly as she moaned, making Jake smile. 

"Does that feel good baby? Do my fingers feel good?" She nodded as her eyes closed, and Jake moved his head ever closer to her clit. He licked over it once, nibbling lightly before pulling his hands away. He placed them on the inside of her thigh, spreading her legs open wider. He licked vigorously around her clit, listening as she continued moaning. He moved a finger down to her opened, pushing it in slowly. He pumped back and forth, curling his fingers inside of her. She moaned loudly, her body shaking as he did so. He moved another finger inside and pumped faster, nibbling on her clit. He felt her grab his hair, pushing his face farther into her pussy. He moaned onto her, making her shudder from the vibration. He felt her legs begin to shake and her voice become choppy, signaling she was close to release. 

"Oh my god, Jake please don't stop. I'm gonna cum!" She moaned loudly as her hips bucked up into his face, smothering him. He continued pumping throughout her high, only slowing when she came down. He pulled away slowly, licking the juices off of his fingers. 

"You taste so good baby." He moved his fingers up to her face, silently telling her to take them into her mouth. She moans as she does so, licking around his fingers. Jake smiled and moved himself up her body, throwing his shirt off. He kissed her feverishly, lust filling his body. 

"I want you to go over to the bed and bend down for me baby. Can you do that?" Alex nodded and stood up, slowly sauntering over to the bed across the room. Jake following, walking over and grabbing her hips as she bent down. He pressed a soft kiss to her lower back, licking down to the top of her crevice. He kissed along her left buttocks, gripping the other one tightly. He stood up and lean over her, pressing his lips to hers. He licked his finger a bit and moistened his tip, slowly pressing it into her. He moaned as he felt himself enter her and watched as her eyes shut closed in pleasure. She moaned as he pushed deeper, making her take all of him in at once. Once he was fully in he began to thrust forward, earning a few squeals from Alex. He grunted as he thrust, little noises of pleasure slipping from his lips. He kissed her back as he thrust, going harder and deeper with every new thrust. His cock slid inside of her smoothly, allowing him to move as fast as he could. The bed started to shake and rattle, bumping against the wall as he thrusted. Alex turned her head towards him and he leaned down, kissing her as he thrusted. He wrapped his hand around her neck, holding her steady so he could move more freely. She moaned into his mouth with each thrust he gave, each one getting higher pitched and louder. He groaned as he felt himself come closer, pushing her down onto the bed so her ass was in the air and her face was against the plush blanket. 

He thrust harder and faster than before, the sound of skin slapping on skin filling the room. Her moans echoed along with it, various profanities coming from her mouth. Her eyes closed and her head tilted back. 

"Please...don't stop!" She practically screamed it, smiling as she began thrust herself back to match his pace. Jake pressed his thumb against her clit, adding the extra pleasure she needed. He moaned out as he heard her practically scream, forcing her to bite the covers. Her back arched as she realeased onto him, covering his cock in her juices. 

Jake breathes heavily as he started coming closer. "Inside or outside baby?" He was barely able to get it out as he said it. 

"Inside. I wanna feel your cum inside me." She spoke with staggered breaths, finally riding out her high as he released inside of her. She collapsed onto the bed as he finished, falling onto the bed beside her. He breathed heavily as he layed there next to her, moving her blonde hair from her sweat soaked face. 

"You did so good baby. That was the best I've ever felt in a long time." 

"I'm glad I could please you." Alex smiled at Jake, running her hand over his chest. "You'll have to come back again some time. I'd love to do this again." 

"Me too." He pushed her hair behind her ear and kissed her lightly. "I'll definitely be coming back." 

He pulled Alex closer to his body, closing his eyes and drifting off to sleep. The next morning, he woke back up in his own bed, surrounded by warm covers and thoughts of the girl in the game.