 This was to be my April Fool's story, but I ran out of time. Then I discovered, that I like Fyre and would like to write more about her. 

Please leave feedback, and know that it is much appreciated.

*****

Hell: March 23rd: Fyrelova

The wind was blowing steadily off the water. The fresh sea air, the sun, the chilled drink, and the paperback left her feeling drowsy. She was utterly relaxed, having nothing she needed to do and nowhere she needed to be. This was her second daiquiri, and though it was impossible for her to get drunk, she still felt pleasantly buzzed.

She set her rum drink on the table and laid back in the hammock. She closed her eyes and thought about how much she was enjoying her new life. She had retired young, she was only 542, young for a succubus. Hell had not wanted her to go, but she had fulfilled her contract and resigned from active duty. Now she would have endless days on the beach. 

She could change her body, to look like anything she wanted, and had done so throughout the years. In retirement, she found her natural form the best. Long blond hair, blue eyes, lean and muscular; all combined to make her look like the Viking captive she had been so long ago. 

She had been sent to hell for liking sex. Even now, the stupid Christain religion made her mad! Men got to have all the sex they wanted, and if it was good for men, it should be good for women! 

However, she was an excellent little demon, who followed all the rules, once she got to hell. She liked her job as a succubus and worked hard at it. She had tried to ensure her victims were deserving of their fate, and she slept easily at night. (The fate being - to have their souls depleted and sent to hell, in return for years of pleasure. Harsh, I know!) 

This particular island was popular with the families of Hell, so she was wearing her string bikini bottoms. The bow was tied on each side of her hip, with a grand swooping knot. 

Her large firm breasts, exposed to the chilly sea wind were erect. Her nipples were small and pink, each pierced by a silver ring. There was a ring through her clit, and more then anything she found the metal cold and annoying. 

Fyrelova turned on her side, hugged her pillow and closed her eyes. She drifted off to sleep. 

The summoning jerked her awake! It had been years since she had last seen the neon, flashing red sign. "COME NOW!" It blinked over and over again, filling her sight, driving all other thoughts out of her mind. It was hellish! 

She growled in frustration! This wasn't supposed to happen to her! Damn it! She had no choice, she made a complicated motion with her hands, and blinked out of existence. 

The hammock squeaked in the wind long after she left, and her light scent lingered. 

She teleported herself, into the operations room, of the third level of Hell, North American region. The room was hot and reeked of sulfur. A frown crossed her angelic face; she had promised herself she would never return here. 

There was a line of demons, waiting to speak with a clerk. The demons were nude and impossibly beautiful, and she could tell they were objects of lust. They were meant to be sent out in the world, to tempt mortals. These were her fellow Incubi and Succubi.

She got in line. Her foot started to tap, and her jaw hurt from clenching her teeth. She looked around, but nothing had changed since she had been here last. The walls were still bare, save for a few Justin Bieber posters, someone's idea of a joke. The cold gray concrete floor didn't even have rugs, and there was no place to sit. 

There were was only one locker room. It didn't make much sense, to have two, for sex demons that could literally be any sex, they wished. It was a nasty, gross, disgusting place, and Fyre had absolutely refused to shower there when working.

Finally, it was her turn. "Name?" The hair on the clerk was standing up, and his glasses were smudged and dirty. He had a sweater vest on, and judging by the grease holding his hair up, had not showered in some time. 

"Fyrelova." The disdain was evident in her tone. "I'm retired. I don't have to go out on missions anymore." 

He looked up at her, in surprise. "One moment please." He bent to his keyboard and started typing with one finger. Hell used Apple products, they liked to think of themselves as cool. 

She cocked her hip and rolled her eyes. "There's been some sort of mistake!" 

"Sorry, Luv. There is a clause in your contract, that says we can call you back if we don't have enough Succubi." 

"What?" She exclaimed. "That can't be right." 

"I'd be happy to show it to you?" He offered. 

"Give me that!" She growled and yanked the contract out of his hands. 

"Page 49, paragraph 5, sub-section 3." He informed her in a bored tone. 

If at any point and time, we are short of demons, you agree to be called back to work. You will respond to the summoning within one hour. Failure to recruit at least one soul will result in the termination of your retirement and eternal damnation. 

"OOOHHHH!" She stomped her foot in frustration! She failed to notice the resulting cracks in the floor.

"Wait a minute!" She glared. "Who gets to decide, when you need me?"

"Next paragraph."

It was right there in black and white. The demon lords could call her back anytime there was a shortage. She didn't trust them one bit, but the line had been long...

"Fine! I'll go. But those humans better watch out! I'm not happy." She crossed her arms and glared. 

The clerk looked up and smiled. It didn't look like he had brushed his teeth, in a good long time. "Door 342, sweet cheeks."

She turned and walked away. She was dressed, the very same way she had been on the beach and wished she was wearing more than the tiny thong. 

If Hell was anything, it was a stickler for rules, and the rules said you had to respond to a summoning in the same clothes you were wearing when summoned. 

A bright young succubus had ruined it for all of them, by responding as a dragon. The summoners had died of fright, with their souls intact. The demon promptly ate the bodies, and there had been, well, Hell to pay. Hell didn't like losing. 

So, she was scowling and topless when she went through the door, and disappeared.

"Next!" She heard the clerk cry. 

Part 2: Same day: basement: Fyrelova, Josie, Steve, Oscar

--------

"Sweet!" The kid high-fived his friend, when she popped into existence. 

"It worked! It actually worked!" His buddy was grinning from ear to ear. He was literally jumping up and down, like a little kid. 

"Would you look at her! She's perfect, in every way!" They circled the pentagram where she was trapped. 

She knew she looked good. Her legs were long and lean. She kept her cunny neatly trimmed, in the Viking symbol of love. She had it upside down, so it looked like an arrow pointing to her intimate parts. Her stomach was flat, there hadn't been any extra food, in her time. Her breasts were large, but not uncomfortably so. 

Hell had mandated the rings that pierced both her nipples and her labia. It had something to do with making things easier for the bondage and discipline lovers. Her face was smooth, her blue eyes were bright, and her hair was up in a twist. Hell allowed you to change your hair however you wanted, and she always wore it up, so it was easier to clean when she was summoned. 

One of the boys reached out a hand, to caresses her ass. She smiled to herself and turned and growled at him. He jerked back in fright, tripped over his own feet and landed in the lap of a girl that was sitting on the ground. 

"You do that, and you break the circle, you break the circle, and I am free, if I am free, while then I get to do what I want..." She waggled her eyebrows at the boys and smiled showing all of her teeth. 

What she wanted was to have sex with them so she could claim their souls, but they didn't need to know that. Hell would literally damn her, if she hurt them, as Hell wanted more people summoning demons. 

"I can't believe how sexy you are." The woman on the ground stood and moved closer to Freylova. The woman was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, with some sort of logo on it, jeans, and white socks with a hole in the big toe. She had painted her toenail purple. 

"I'm Josie. This is Steve, and that's Oscar." She pointed to the other two boys. Steve had a hat on backward and was built. He had broad shoulders, a deep chest, and was tall. Fyrelova smiled. He would be fun to fuck.

Oscar was small, his skin was brown, his hair black, and he wore wire-rimmed glasses. Freylova waved at him and smiled. He turned to see if there was anyone behind him. 

"Can we be friends?" Josie held her hand out to Fyrelova as if she wanted to shake. 

Josie had brown mousey hair that fell in curls all around her face and down her back. Her eyes were a deep chocolate brown, and her skin was pale and white. She had large chunky glasses on, that did nothing for her face. 

The demon smiled. This was going to be fun. She broke the plane of the pentagram, and plucked the glasses off of Josie's face, and threw them across the dark room. Then she wrapped both her arms around Josie's head and kissed her. 

It was a tentative kiss, Josie was unsure of what she was doing, and even more uncertain if she should be kissing the demon. The demon, on the other hand, was lite up like a Christmas tree.

It was fun kissing females, and Josie had loads of Karma. Josie had soo much Karma that her soul was strong enough to feed the Fyre for years. 

The boys both had hard cocks, and they wanted a piece of the action but were afraid. The demon had broken the barrier, restraining her. They backed up to the wall and watched. Steve pulled his dick and stroked himself. While Oscar appeared to be taking notes. 

All of a sudden, Josie kissed her back and used lots of tongues! Fyrelova grinned and stepped out of the pentagram. Josie grabbed the Demon's ass and squeezed, with both hands. 

They were locked together in a clinch, and Fyre's nipples rubbed against the rough sweatshirt that Josie was wearing. It never took much to get her aroused, and she could feel liquid trickling down her leg. 

"You're so beautiful," Josie said and stepped back. She took the string bikini with her. 

Fyrelova smiled and closed her eyes. 

Josie lifted a hand and started to play with a nipple. She leaned in and sucked the other one into her mouth. "I wish I was like you." 

Josie dropped her hand so she could explore the piercing in Fyre's labia. "I love this design. It's so sexy." She ran her fingers over Fyrelova's pussy hair. 

"Let's see what you look like, love." The demon pulled Josie's sweatshirt off, taking Josie's t-shirt with it. Josie was wearing a gray sport's bra.

The demon smiled at her and then used a little magic to lengthen a nail. She used the nail to cut the straps on the sports bra. 

Josie squeaked and covered her breasts. "None of that now!" The demon admonished and moved her arms to her side so she could suck on the girl's nipples. 

Fyre held Josie's arms there, while the girl squealed and moaned in delight. 

Josie's jeans were tight, but not tight enough to stop the demon. She dropped a hand down her pants and slid a long finger into the girl's already wet slit. 

"Ohhhh.." Josie moaned. 

Fyre bent and unbuckled Josie's jeans. The girl was actually wearing white granny panties! She could clearly see her tangle of pubic hair through the panties, and it looked like the girl rarely shaved.

"Remove these, please." The demon instructed the girl. Her victims had to go willingly. 

The girl bent and slid her panties off, and stood in front of the kneeling demon, with her hands at her side. 

"Holy shit!" said one of the boys. 

Fyre grinned and looked at the willing victim in front of her. She would be a tasty morsel indeed. She had firm B-cup breasts, with small hard nipples. Her stomach was flat but lacked the hardness of Fyre's own tummy. She was already aroused and open. She was short, but her legs were shapely. 

Fyrelova pulled her closer and buried her head in Josie's pussy. She licked the wet opening, slid her tongue in and around the folds, and sucked on Josie's clit. Then she did it all over again, making big lapping strokes across the woman's slit. 

The demon used a bit of magic to lengthen her tongue and penetrated the drenched opening. She reached inside of Josie and started to caresses her G-spot. 

"Oh, god, yes... That feels so good." Josie moaned and increased the pressure on the back of Fyre's head. She started to grind on the demon's face, and Fyre knew Josie's crisis was close. 

The orgasm was so intense that Fyre had to hold the girl up. She squirted. The ripples in her stomach, and shaking in her legs didn't end for a good long while. 

The demon held the girl up, to make sure the boys saw everything. Then she allowed the girl to fall into her lap. Josie pushed the beast to the ground and wrapped the Succubus in her arms. She feverishly rained kissed down on the demon and started to weep, in her delirium. 

"What's wrong?" Fyre asked. 

"Nothing!" The girl replied. "That was just the best orgasm I've ever had." 

She continued to fervently kiss Fyre. Her breasts rubbed against Fyre's own breasts, and their cores were soaked in love juices. Fyre badly needed an orgasm so she wrapped her long legs around Josie's, so they could rub clits on each other. 

The demon was a little distracted by Josie's enthusiasm. Josie should have been exhausted. Having sex, with Succubi always had that effect on people. Josie was kissing and biting her ear, and rubbing her breasts against Fyre. 

The demon shrieked when Josie pinched a nipple and lightly tugged on the ring. Josie's other hand was busy, playing with the third ring through her clit. The contrast between the cool rings and warm hand was erotic in the extreme. 

"Our turn!" The tall skinny man announced. "Yhea, our turn!" His sidekick chimed in. 

"Get on your hands and knees, Demon." Reluctantly, Fyre rolled on top of Josie. She captured the girl tightly in her arms, and kissed her deeply, longly and wetly. She used her tongue on Josie's ear. The girl squirmed in a most delightful fashion and giggled. 

"Now Demon!" Came the order from Steve. The tall, athletic one. 

"I am on my knees, you Putz!"

"Don't go anywhere." She whispered into the girl's ear. 

Josie rolled on her side and eagerly watched Fyre assume the ordered position. Fyre could have disobeyed the order, but truth be told she was tired and needed a boost of energy.

Steve, grabbed her by the hips and buried himself in her wet pussy. She rolled her eyes when he started to play with her ass. She used a little magic to make it bigger, so he didn't hurt her. 

"You coming, Dude?" Steve asked Oscar. 

"Sure, I guess so." 

"Awesome, we can double team her!" 

Fyre smiled. Two for the price of one. There was nothing better than a good old fashioned, teenager. 

Oscar stripped slowly in front of her, and then stood with his member just in front of her mouth. He was hard, and she thought it wouldn't take much to tip him over. 

Steve, for his part, was pounding away at her core. He had one finger buried in her rear. She could feel her own orgasm approaching and knew it would be a good one. She debated letting herself squirt, but decided they had not yet earned that. 

She balanced on one hand, and pulled Oscar closer, so she could take him in her mouth. She had no issues with deep throating and soon had him all the way back in her throat. She swallowed, constricting her throat muscles, and eliciting a groan from the boy above her. 

She loved giving head! She was very oral, and it was one of her favorite things!

She bobbed on his cock for a moment and then dropped her head to the floor, as her vision went black and her own orgasm washed over her. She felt herself spasm around the cock in her pussy and heard the boy behind her groan, as he paused his pumping. 

He withdrew with a wet plop and placed his penis at her rear entrance. He started to press into her, as she pushed herself back up on her hands and knees. 

"Do you want to come in my mouth, or my pussy?" She asked Oscar.

He paused in thought. "Your mouth, and face." He grinned, at the idea of using the beautiful demon that way. 

She stuck her tongue out and opened her mouth for him. 

He grabbed her by the back of the head and started to face fuck her. 

She used a bit of magic, to open her anus a little bit more, and Steve plunged into her. She was a sex demon, so it didn't hurt, but if she was a normal human woman... 

His dick was plenty wet with her liquids, and things soon felt better. Fyre sensed the tension in both boys and wasn't surprised when they emptied themselves into her body. 

She eagerly cleaned Oscar's dick, with her tongue, while Steve spent himself in and on her ass.

The boys high-fived each other. "Man, I need a beer! This is awesome!" Steve, tipped his head and howled like a conquering warrior. 

"I can't wait for round two," Oscar added.

The boys leaped up the steps, she assumed that was the place where the beer was kept. They seemed eager to grab a beer and get back to their prize. 

Fyre grinned, full of energy. She doubted the boys would make it back down the stairs. The sex with them had filled her to the brim, and they had to be tired. 

Josie was still watching, her head rested on her arms. A smile played across her face. Fyre pulled Josie into her and curled herself around the younger girl. She wasn't sure why she felt protective of her, only that she did. 

"I want to be like you. I want men to desire me, to want me, to want to fuck me." Josie whispered. "Can you help?" 

"Oh, sweetie. Men already want you. You're blind if you can't see that. There is nothing I can do to make you more desirable then you already are. " Fyre whispered in her ear. 

"I used to think Oscar liked me. I came here tonight, just because I thought he would turn to me when their little experiment failed." Fyre thought she could feel a tear, on her arm. 

Fyre pulled the younger woman into a tighter hug, so they were nestled against each other and touching from head to toe. "If I know anything, I know that there are always more men." 

She opened herself up so she could share her energy, and the demon did her best to comfort the female human. They soon drifted off to sleep. 

Part 3: March 25th: Steve and Oscar: 

--------

Steve felt like crap. Last night had been epic, and while he was sure he had a great time, he couldn't recall everything that happened. So he wasn't really shocked when he hooked his drive on #1 out of bounds. 

"Mully." He muttered to Oscar, his playing partner. 

He pulled another ball out of his pocket and immediately re-hit. This time the ball soared down the fairway and landed center cut. 

"Nice," Oscar muttered. "Too bad, that is your third shot." Oscar's shot landed considerably shorter than Steve's but also in the fairway. 

The two men climbed into the cart and started out on hole #1.

"Dude. Last night was bitching. There were so many girls there." Steve said. "Why didn't you come?" 

"Oh yeah, did you get lucky?" Oscar changed the subject. 

"I really don't remember. I think so, I was naked this morning but all alone. I need to cut down on the booze." Steve replied. 

"Especially with spring practice starting soon, right?" Oscar asked, the starting quarterback. 

"Yhea. I have to get my shit together. I've been so tired lately." 

"Me too! I wonder if Fyre is affecting us? I would imagine a demon is not all fun and games." Oscar retorted. "Maybe we should send her back?" 

"No way man! I want to start taking her to parties. Can you imagine how fucking hot that would be?" 
