 As they stood in the cooling April rain, he held the sexy blondes soft, smooth, curvy body tight against him. Her hand pressed into his wet, rippled abs as the raindrops fell lightly out of their hair and gently onto their arms and shoulders, moistening the tender grip each had on the other.

She gazed up into the eyes of Rob, her new lover, and felt his muscled arms grasping at her waist, sensing the arousal she was giving him, reveling in the erotic attention and desires of this gorgeous man. Alicia was a deeply beautiful creature with big, blue eyes, perfect, straight blonde hair and a smile that had been the centre of many a woman's sensual fantasies. She radiated sex and arousal to all who cared to look, and right now, this guy holding her felt like he was about to make love to pure gold.

And so was she. After all, that's how hard he was. The mound appearing from between his legs sent electric shivers in between hers, and the thought that it was her doing all this to him made her heartstrings purr like a Cheshire cat. She placed a hand on his rippling chest and lent in to kiss him. The sensation she got as he hungrily ravaged her mouth was like no other. She started moaning with passion as he sucked on her lips and tongue, and began to lose all control. That wonderful satisfaction came much earlier than usual. She was on the brink of orgasm, induced my kissing alone. He held her waist tight and started running a hand up her back and through her scalp, supporting her through her very first male induced orgasm. Her eyes were closed, her hips were grinding into his thigh, and her eyes were gently shut as she helplessly surrendered her body, her prized possession to him. As the orgasm began to drift away from her, she opened her eyes and looked straight into his, now as hungry as ever for more.

He wanted nothing more than to give it to her, and as these heavenly bodies sensed each others lust, they started getting close again. She took a deep breath as he leant in to kiss her again, she put her arms over his shoulders and wiggled her curvy hips gently as he slid his hands down onto them, the tip of his cock throbbing with blood, preying to be let loose. Just the way she wanted it...

----------

So as her lover held her curvy hips tight and felt the swelling between his legs growing still, he leant in and kissed her again, letting her feel it in her toes, and sending further wetness between her legs. He moved one hand onto the small of her back where it gently slid under her top and lightly caressed her soft skin, and the other in an achingly slow curve up her side, barely touching her, driving her wild with anticipation, and stopped just below her firm busty chest. He rhythmically massaged just below it, making her whimper with delight, as his other hand carried on simulating her back.

As his hand moved onto the underside of her breast, she felt another rush of pleasure lurking inside her, just waiting to explode and blast her body into heaven. As she put her tender hands back onto his shoulders, she closed her eyes and surrendered again to this man who was in total control of her every desire. He moved his hand up her back, unhooked her bra, and removed her top, leaving her in just a short skirt and knee length boots. As she blinked and moved her big, deep eyes up to meet his, standing there topless with rain now dripping all over her breasts and down her flat stomach onto her skirt, he couldn't help himself push his body against hers, kiss her deeply and move his hands under her skirt. As he slid his hands up the back of her thighs, taking the time to melt her with a slight touch behind her knees, he played slowly with the elastic in her panties, and then removed them, noticing their drenched state, and led her backwards underneath a tree. He turned his sexy baby around, his heart now racing like crazy, his c*ck thumping at the sight of her tight round ass, he laid her hands against the tree trunk and took off his jeans.

Now in her bent over state, Alicia could feel her clit throbbing as her back arched instinctively, and her pussy begging to be filled. Her juices were streaming down her thighs from her first orgasm, and the pleasure since. The girls emptiness was killing her as she pleaded her lover to fill her, to take away the burning lust for satisfaction that had made her toes curl. Rob could see her pussy as her skirt rode up over her perfect cheeks, and slid his cock between her legs and onto her clit, rubbing it with his member, making her weak in the knees. That orgasm started building again, and faded slightly as he moved away from her clit, and down her pussy to where she wanted it. He entered her with the tip of his dick.

"More, more" she begged. 

"Fuck me baby, fuck me hard... I can't stand it anymore!"

With that begging and pleading, he couldn't deny her any longer. He slid his hands over her ass one more time and up onto her waist, as he penetrated her tight pussy fully. She screamed in pleasure and threw her heal back, her blonde hair draping down her back. As he carried on pounding deep inside her, he softly bit the side of her neck, and trailed his hands up her waist. He cupped the underside of her breasts and massaged them lightly. he closed her eyes as she felt that orgasm rising up again.

"Oh, YES! -Fuck me baby, fuck me... I'm coming!!"

With that, she let out a loud moan, and they came together under the tree, their bodies gyrating against each other, soaked and tender, loving the calming green moor, the cooling April Rain, and now lying together naked under the tree, in the relaxed bliss of the best sex ever. He played with her hair and caressed her cheek as his lips kissed and sucked at her neck lazily, their bodies enjoying the last drops of pure, thick pleasure. This would be a place to revisit...

The End.