 Steven Banks stared in admiration at his latest acquisitions. Two beautiful marble statues so exquisitely detailed that they almost looked alive. According to the old man Steven had bought the pair from, the statues were nude representations of ancient gods. One was a beautiful, athletic woman with large firm breasts and a predatory expression on her classical Greek features. The other was a strikingly handsome man with a linebacker's build and a set of genitals that clearly denounced any suspicion of steroids. Truth be told, Steven was feeling a little jealous of the male statue's generous endowments. Unlike its female counterpart the male's expression wasn't predatory, but rather a display of pure lust. Were it not for the fact that its six inch penis lay flat against its golf ball sized nuts Steven would have sworn that the statue was aroused.

Both statues were posed as if welcoming each other into a hug, but the old man, who claimed to be a wizard, had made a point of warning Steven not to let the statues embrace. When Steve had asked why not he had just smiled cryptically and said that it was all explained in the information booklet that came with the statues. Steven wasn't used to people being evasive with him; after all, he was the president of the world's largest corporation. People usually bent over backwards to please him. But these statues were exactly what he needed to boost his sagging social presence and make his party the talk of the town. Who else but Steven Banks would buy such erotic statues and display them in the main hall of his mansion, flanking his grand staircase like guardians of passion.

He looked dismissively at the pamphlet in his hands. True it told the mythology behind the statues and supposedly explained the meaning behind the shopkeeper's cryptic warning but he knew enough about ancient myths from TV that he could think something up, he didn't get where he was by being unable to think on his feet after all, as for the "warning" about not letting the statues embrace, that was probably just part of his sales pitch to make the statues seem more interesting.

He turned to his butler, "Jervis," he said snapping the middle-aged man out of his trance-like study of the female statue, "read this pamphlet and let me know if there is anything original or interesting in it."

"As you with sir," Jervis replied as he took the booklet and walked to his modest bedroom. He had been Steven's butler since the man was a child and knew exactly what his employer found interesting.

Steven sighed. "Well, time to get ready for the party," he thought to himself as he climbed the stairs between his two star attractions. His girlfriend Janice was going to be here soon. And after her came the social elite of the business world with their wives, husbands and assorted other "escorts". His top of the line security system was going to record everything but he wanted to be here when they arrived so he could see their reactions personally.

Janice stared at the male statue that now decorated the left side of her boyfriend Steve's central staircase. She just couldn't take her eyes off that handsome face, those sculpted muscles, or those impressive genitals.

"Impressive. Isn't he?" Inquired Steven from halfway up the stairs.

"Yes, he almost seems alive," then she noticed that her hand was slowly stroking the statue's half erect penis. Hastily, but almost reluctantly, she removed her hand. "Don't you think these statues are inappropriate for such a party? I mean the social elite are going to be here.

"Exactly, most of those fossils haven't seen anything new or interesting for decades. The rest are just young sheep, happy to blindly follow the older money instead of finding their own paths. With these statues I plan to shock them into life. True, most of them will be shocked and appalled, but unlike the other cookie cutter parties they've attended over the years, this one they will remember!" He took a moment to compose himself. "Now, do you think we should cover these lovelies up and unveil them after everyone's here and had a couple drinks, or should we let them continue to display their glory to all comers?"

Janice thought for a moment as she absently stroked the side of the statue. Neither she nor Steven noticed the look of pleasure on its face. 

"Let's cover them up. The anticipation of seeing something new will be greater if it's allowed to build rather than just throwing it at them. Who knows, if you wait to unveil your statues your guests might actually stick around long enough to actually take a closer look at them."

Steven thought about this for awhile before finally saying, "You're right. I've waited this long to see their reactions. I can wait a little longer. Feed their undernourished curiosity with tidbits." He smiled, "this is why I love you Janice. You always think of ways to make my life more fun."

She sashayed up the steps toward him, "Then when will you make our little arrangement a little more permanent?"

When she got close enough he reached out and caressed her breasts through her red evening gown. She moaned in pleasure. "Now if we did that," he said with a wicked grin, "then this wouldn't feel so naughty." She grabbed his crotch through his tuxedo pants. Massaging his already erect member with practiced ease. And then it wouldn't be as much fun," he finished with a gasp as they began to hungrily kiss, unaware of the effect the statues were having on them. Unaware of anything except their animalistic need for each other until Jervis interrupted.

"Much as I know you want to continue enjoying each other's company. I should remind you that your guests will be arriving soon."

"Thank you Jervis," said Steven as he and Janice stood and straightened up. "Now please find two large cloths to cover our new friends here." He indicated the statues. "I've decided to leave my guests in suspense for just a little while."

"Very good sir," Jervis replied as he went to the hall closet, "the red table cloths for the main dining table should do nicely I think."

Mrs. Eliza Habersham was the first one to arrive. She was always the first. It paid to be arriving first at these swarays and get a feel for the party's setup. That way you know where the good food and drink are and if there was anything of actual interest. Lord knows she needs that information what with her husband Harold. Harold also wanted to know where the good drinks were. His wife bothered him less after he'd had a few brandies. Or maybe it was more a case of the alcohol having numbed him enough to handle her better. It was a classic mismatch. Mrs. Habersham was a large boisterous woman who made her presence known wherever she went, much to the displeasure of almost everyone. Unfortunately, hers was a highly valued opinion so you had to invite her and play nice otherwise you got blacklisted. Mr. Habersham, on the other hand, was a small fellow who generally disappeared into his wife's shadow. (Literally and figuratively.) It wasn't always like this of course. When they were younger Mr. Habersham used to be full of fire and energy, and his wife was one of the most beautiful women in town, and they loved each other passionately. But, as the years passed they grew older. Eliza fought hard to maintain her place in society despite a growing waistline (which she denies having) causing poor Harold to become the outlet for her frustrations. This drove him to dowse his fire and energy in the proverbial bottle. The only reason they haven't divorced is because Mrs. Habersham thinks that would destroy her social reputation.

The first thing Mrs. Habersham noticed upon entering the house was the two objects covered in red cloth flanking the staircase. "What are those things?" she demanded upon seeing them.

"They are Master Banks' newest acquisitions," said Jervis with a practiced air of disinterest. "They are covered at the moment because master Banks wants to wait until everyone is ready before he unveils them."

"Any chance of a sneak peek?" she asked as she approached the one on the left with intention of giving herself that peek. Jervis' interception was as swift as it was silent, and polite.

"I'm sorry madam," the butler said in a polite but unyielding tone of voice, "but I have been given strict orders to not allow anyone to see them until everyone can see them. Now if you will follow me drinks and hors d'oeuvres are being served in the ballroom and dinning hall." Mrs. Habersham tried to resist but Jervis knew how to lead curious five-year olds to where he wanted them to go without them feeling the least bit disgruntled. Doing the same to a plus size senior socialite was no problem at all. Mr. Habersham was even easier, for although he too was drawn to the cloth covered statues, particularly the one on the right, the siren song of good brandy and fine wine was stronger. Privately he wondered if Steven had ordered those delightful spiced cocktail sausages wrapped in crescent rolls like he did last time.

The rest of the guests arrived soon after that. Everyone who was anyone among the social upper-crust had been invited. Ranging from the young and impetuous new money and inheritors of the family fortune to the more dignified old money who had worked so hard for so long to earn their fortunes that some seem to have forgotten how to have fun with what they've earned. In every age group happy and unhappy couples mingled politely with singles, men who had brought their trophy wives and women who had brought their boy-toys. All were drawn to the statues and all lead away by Jervis and his trained staff towards the food and drinks only to drift back to the main hall. Although the food was eaten and the drinks were sipped (the latter with increasing speed) they seemed a poor substitute for their unusual hunger. Talk of what could be under the cloths was overshadowing the usual gossip about stock-market tips and who was having an affair (or three) behind whose back.

Finally, when the tension seemed to almost reach the breaking point, Steven stood on the steps of the staircase and raised his hands for silence. Two servants stood by the statues, their hands on the cloth covering waiting for their signal.

"And now the moment you've all been waiting for," he announced, "Recently, I acquired two magnificent statues representing ancient gods of passion. A passion that I feel is sadly lacking in today's high society. It is my hope that these old gods still have the power to rekindle what we have lost. So now I reveal to you. My gods of unbridled passion!" The red table cloths were pulled free to reveal the statues in all their glory. At first the crowd drew back in a mix of shock and disgust at seeing two naked forms so blatantly displayed. Then the full power of the statues, power which fed on and magnified the crowd's own carnal thoughts and urges, washed over them and all their sexual inhibitions evaporated like ice in a steam-bath. Steven watched in shock as his high society gathering quickly turned into an orgy right before his eyes. Servants and social elite screwed each other with no regard for gender or social rank. Clothes that were worth hundreds of dollars were ruthlessly ripped off in their desire for each other's bodies. Trying to maintain the illusion of calm Steven turned to the only other person who seemed unaffected by what was going on, His loyal butler.

"Jervis, what the hell is happening?" He demanded as his butler walked calmly up the stairs towards him.

"Exactly what the pamphlet said would happen sir. Apparently these statues really are gods. Gods of sex and vitality to be precise." As he spoke some of the guests began to crawl their way towards the stairs. Some stopping to make love to the statues while the rest, Steven's girlfriend included, crawled up towards the two remaining men. "They were quietly feeding off the hidden sexual desires of your guests. When the coverings were pulled off they were able to unleash a blast of sexual energy like a wave crashing onto the beach."

"So, why aren't we affected?" Steven asked then stared in shock as Miss Marcela, the rich spinster, ice queen, and self proclaimed expert on "proper ladylike behavior" impaled her naked body onto the now erect penis of the male statue and began sliding back and forth on it. Was it his imagination, or was she getting younger?

"I'm able to resist because I read the pamphlet," Jervis said as he gently nudged his employer up the stairs, "Somehow, knowing what's going on gives me the ability to fight it. You, on the other hand were merely outside the initial blast radius. The statues only affected those people that they could see. If one of these people were to touch you, however," he glanced meaningfully at Janice who seemed to be leading the tide of flesh creeping up the stairs, "then you would become as horny as they are."

"Steven Please," moaned Janice who was just a few steps away from being able to reach out and touch them. "I want you inside me. I need you inside me! You're the only one who can satisfy me." As she talked she began massaging her firm naked breasts. It almost had the desired effect but Jervis snatched his employer back before he could step into the pit of passion and pulled him to the top of the steps.

"Sir," Jervis shouted as he slapped his employer. "You have always prided yourself on being able to control the situation. You step into that orgy and you're surrendering all control."

Steven shook himself to clear his head. "Thank you Jervis. Normally I'd fire you for slapping me like that, but if we survive this, remind me to give you a raise for saving my life."

"Don't mention it sir. It's fortunate for us that they're too focused on screwing everything they can. If they try to push your statues together..."

At that moment they heard the sound of stone scraping against tile. Instantly their eyes locked onto the statues. The people below were still focused on screwing each other's brains out. The statues had turned by themselves to face each other. Both were wearing expressions of triumph as they slid closer together.

"Did that pamphlet say anything about them coming together by themselves?" Steven asked with barely repressed fear.

"It said that they enhance and feed off sexual energy," Jervis replied calmly though he too was beginning to worry. "Especially repressed sexual energy. The more they absorb the more powerful they become, and the more powerful they become, the more the sexual energy near them is enhanced, thus giving them more to absorb. They must be turning some of that energy into sexual magnetism. Pulling themselves toward each other like opposing poles of a magnet."

"Are you saying that, not only are they battery-powered sex magnifiers, they're sentient as well? That's impossible!"

"Master Steven, your staircase is being lubricated by the orgasms of your guests, most of whom are so old that they should have died of heart-attacks by now, but instead seem to be getting younger with each burst of pleasure until they're returned to their prime. After seeing Miss Marcela, the eighty-something ice queen, turn into a high-school aged nymphomaniac I for one am ready to believe that these statues are gods trapped in stone and trying to release themselves.

Steven had been staring at Miss Marcela while listening to Jervis, and the thought of the sexy, energetic blond really being a bitter crone old enough to be his grandmother turned his arousal into nausea. She had been one of the people he had bought the statues to purposely offend. She had been pulled off the statue and was now having a four-way with three of the other people Steven had intended to offend. These three men were also former senior citizens now they had been regressed to sex crazed frat-boys.

"Ok, so we have to stop the statues from screwing each other. I can't get close without falling under their spell and even though you're immune you'll be dragged down by that orgy, so can we do anything?"

At that moment the statues slammed together, the pool of flesh splitting in two just in time and then reforming around them.

"I think that's a mote point now."

For a moment the statues just stood there, linked only by the male's stone dick. Then the arms began to move as the statues slowly embraced then began to caress and kiss each other. Soon other parts of the two statues began to move until they were making out with full range of motion. The sound of their stone bodies rubbing against each other added a strange touch to the grunts groans and other sounds of pleasure. Then the stone sounds grew quieter as the statues began to soften. Soon they changed color from stone gray to tanned flesh. Their hair turned red as, with a final orgasmic shudder they finally broke their kiss.

"Ah, that's the best sex I've had in ten thousand years," said the male as he slid out of his former stone mate.

"That's the only sex you've had in ten thousand years," she commented wryly in a voice that seemed to embody desire.

The male god laughed, "too true my dear, too true, but now, thanks to these sex-starved mortals we're free," he stretched, showing off his impressive physique to the writhing orgy who seemed oblivious to the two gods.

"Um... Excuse me," said Steven from the top of the stairs.

"Who dares address Zaros. God of passion!" shouted the male god in a voice that shook the house.

"Zaros will you relax," snapped his counterpart. "This is the mortal that bought our statues from that wizard. Without him we'd still be collecting dust! Honestly, this habit you have of trying to intimidate every mortal who tries to talk with us is what lost us our last followers and left us frozen in stone."

She turned toward Steven and smiled in a way that would make a monk "stand at attention." "Forgive my associate mortal," she said in a voice that was as erotic as her smile. "He's great in bed but his social skills are sadly lacking. Now what is it you desire?"

Fighting back his libido Steven addressed the goddess, "before we talk, may I have the pleasure of your name?"

"Insolent worm! You dare to claim ignorance of Ow!" Zaros' tirade was cut short by a well place blow to his godly groin. Like any other male he curled up and fell over. Landing in the orgy where plenty of women were eager to kiss his booboo (and anything else they could touch).

"My name is Zarina, goddess of passion and vitality," she said as if Zaros hadn't spoken, "and you are?"

Steven Banks, president of the Teledyne Corporation. I understand that you've been imprisoned in those statues for a long time and probably don't know how the modern world works."

"Are you offering to help us learn about your world?" asked the lovely Zarina still in her silky seductress voice.

"Bah," said Zaros as he emerged from the orgy covered in hickeys, "what do we need from him that we cannot simply take from one of the mortals already in our power?"

"Social standing," Steven replied with ease. Talking to gods was new but as long as he thought of this as a deal he could do it. He knew how to negotiate a deal. Political influence, the resources of an entire corporation at your disposal with your abilities and my connections I'm sure we can work out a deal that benefits all of us greatly."

Zarina looked at Zaros and whispered," he does have a point and even with our presence these mortals will soon tire. We need avatars until we can regain our full strength."

Zaros was outraged, "I, the great god Zaros, bind myself to this insolent mortal?"

"Well, at least he used his inside voice," muttered Jervis. "I'm not sure the rafters could take much more."

Ignoring Jervis Steven addressed the gods, "excuse me, what does he mean by binding?"

"A symbiosis," Zarina explained, "when a god binds him or herself to a mortal avatar they share the same body and have access to each other's skills, powers, abilities and memories but maintain separate minds. It is a way to reward our most loyal servants and for us it is a way to rest and regain our full strength without depending on mindless orgies."
