 Ashlyn Selvatico

Note: This story takes place on a planet where men do not have the same legal rights that women enjoy. All adult males are routinely referred to as "boys" as a sign of their inferior social status (much as women in the 1950s in the U.S. were often dismissively called "girls"). No sexual activity involving minors should be inferred. All of the characters in this story, male and female, are 18 years of age or older. 

Upon the open deck, Ann danced the Witch's dream for the captain's pleasure and for the amusement of her crew. I could tell immediately why I had never seen that dance at school: it was deliciously obscene. Most of the crew was there, even to the cabin boys and serving girls. The captain had the cabin boys strip, because she thought it unseemly that any male should remain clothed while Ann danced bare. None seemed to mind. I gathered that this captain's boys were accustomed to frequent nudity.

Most of the crew stood, but Idris and I sat with the captain at a table. Sometimes Ann would leap or writhe upon the table, but sometimes she needed the wider space of the quarterdeck.

I had always admired the grace and style of our classical dancers. A good dancer can make the heavy skirts and spires of her costume into living extensions of her art. Classical dances are sublime; they appeal to the mind. Above all they celebrate precision, the control that only comes with years of meditation and the utmost discipline of body and mind. This dance was genius of another kind. Ann's movements were sensuous, but graceful and strong. Ann was a better dancer than I had ever expected. Beneath her fat, which was by no means excessive, she possessed a powerful physique.

While she danced, Ann flirted with the captain, her sailor friend, her young lover, and me. When the dance was done, the captain insisted on washing Ann's face and feet with her own hands.

At Graysport, priestesses took charge of our penitents and I did not Ann or the boy for many days. Idris and I entered the academy there and resumed our education. Our tests and studies kept us busy. As candidates for the priesthood we were required to learn new rituals, and also to hone our musical and linguistic skills. Idris and I shared a room at the dormitory. All day we practiced and studied. Idris did very well. I regret to say that I fell behind. I was finding it difficult to concentrate. Worst of all, my old, unmentionable vice had returned. My experiences on the lorcha had inspired its imagination. I concealed it from Idris- with some difficulty, given our cohabitation- but lived in fear of discovery.

During the first week the faculty evaluated our skills and decided I needed more dance classes. Idris did well enough that she was excused. On the first day I discovered that we wouldn't be in classical dance costumes. We were expected to wear body stockings, and to dance barefoot. At my old school we weren't allowed to let our ankles show. Now it was a requirement. The body stocking covered most of my skin, but the contours of my body were visible and I felt naked. At least there were no boys in the class. The class met every day for three hours. My experience was limited. I was totally unprepared. After the first four days I fell hopelessly behind.

Ritual and ceremony classes were held on top of Stig Mountain. Technically, it was not a mountain at all, just a large, rocky hill that stood alone on a rolling plain. We chanted and sang on the edge of Ruby Chasm, where the High Priestess of Darkness had cast traitors and regicides, back in the bad old days. Ten Pin River fell into the chasm by cataracts, and emptied into the mist and thunder of Lake Giantess. 

Idris stayed out late every night. Usually I was asleep when she came in, when she came in at all. On the third day of Nephrite, as I lay exhausted from dance and athletic training, someone slipped a note under our door. I was sure it was for Idris, and I was too sore to move, so I didn't pick it up. I dozed and woke up after dark. Idris still wasn't back. I turned on the light, and remembered the note.

All it said was "Loviatar 14/Nephrite 6/6th hour." There was a simple drawing of a cuttlefish at the bottom. Loviatar was one of the music temple, and the cuttlefish was the symbol of the Blue Coral Faction.

One of the athletics instructors told me that Ann was undergoing advanced conditioning. She was on display at Graysport Museum of Art. My afternoon was free, so I decided to satisfy my curiosity. Ann and her boyfriend were kept in a large room, separate from the other exhibits. The room was dim, but their naked bodies were well lit; I noticed that they were still wearing the rings that Idris had placed on their genitals. Invisible force beams suspended them above the floor while beams of a more insidious sort played upon their skin and tickled their pleasure centers. The mechanism kept them in a state of constant arousal without orgasm. Although they could move a little, the beams kept their arms and legs spread and prevented them from touching themselves. Nor were they permitted to touch each other. There was no cage or glass wall; the force beams prevented spectators from getting too close. The walls were covered with pictures of the pair being humiliated in various ways. Photographs of their march from the pavilion showed me in my school uniform, leading the pair on the golden chain.

A schedule was posted by the door. The penitents were suspended for nine hours a day, with two half-hour breaks. Breaks were scheduled so that at least one of them was suspended at all times. In the evenings the boy was kept in confinement while Ann performed various duties. They slept in different buildings near the museum and they were never allowed to meet outside of the exhibit. Although they were inches apart and able to feel each other's heat and smell each other's sweat they would not be allowed to touch until the conditioning was complete. During their breaks they were allowed to drink water or use a toilet that stood in an open alcove, in full view of the museum patrons. There was a cot on the floor.

Their bodies were beautiful and their expressions, tortured with pleasure, were sublime. They were trapped in a sort of foreplay, infinitely prolonged. I hoped that the boy wouldn't recognize me. It was rather dark, after all, except where they were floating. I knew I shouldn't watch but I wanted to speak with Ann, so I left the exhibit room and returned during her break. Now the room was full of spectators. The force beams released her on schedule. Immediately, Ann went to the cot and lay on her back. Her audience whistled and cheered. The boy was almost directly over her. With savage energy, she began to masturbate. At first I wondered that she could finger herself with such abandon, with so many people watching. But of course, the people were the point. She was performing for them. She'd been kept on the edge of orgasm for two and a half hours, and this was the only release that she was permitted to enjoy. There was a small towel on the cot, and it must have had his scent on it, because she held it to her face while she diddled. As she neared climax she rubbed it all over her body, and she squeezed it between her thighs when she came.

She was looking at me. I ran out of the room, and I was too embarrassed to return.

I kept my appointment at Loviatar temple. It seemed deserted. Room 14 was a large office on the first floor. Three women were waiting for me. They wore priestly garb, golden masks and black robes. Brightly-colored belts identified their ranks. The senior priestess invited me to sit. 

"We are sisters of the Blue Coral Faction. You have heard of us, I think."

"Everyone's heard of you."

"Would it surprise you to learn that we have monitoring your progress for several years now?"

"A little."

"We are always looking for fresh talent. You are a first rate musician, and an accomplished young scholar. If you were to petition us, your application would be considered very seriously."

"What do I have to do?"

"Are you interested?"

"Of course I am."

"Continue in your studies. We will contact you with further instructions."

"Masks are cheap. How do I know that you're really Blue Coral?"

She removed a ring from her finger and handed it to me.

"I believe you know what this is."

It was made of jade and carved with certain patterns that are only described in rare, forbidden volumes. I'd seen one of them before, and I knew it could be no forgery.

"Turn now, and leave without looking back."