 CHAPTER 5 

Things were kind of odd between Giana and Dan, now. She still saw him as a good guy, but something nagged at her sense of normality. Something said "this isn't quite right." 

He wanted to be with her, thought about her all the time. But now he was afraid. TWICE, inexplicable things had happened, and while so far nobody had been hurt . . . 

But they were both people of good sense and good will. They talked. And they planned a low-stakes date, a simple get-together. It went pretty well. They planned a hike. It was fun. Bit by bit, they faced their fears. They got ready, attitude-wise, to share some sexy time again. 

Big Murph had kept an ear out for their moods, and was encouraged by the cooling off. He figured he knew what to do that would make Giana run screaming, and never go back to Dan. 

The night Giana made dinner for them and then they turned on Netflix, they didn't even get through the first episode of the nature documentary. They were kissing, and groping, and totally into it. Outside, Murph bided his time. 

The happy couple got naked. They got happy. And they got Dan's goodly-sized cock lined up, ready to enter Giana's eager core. Soon enough, they were thrusting, thrusting together. 

And Murph made his move. Each minute, Dan's cock would grow two millimeters longer, and one millimeter wider. Soon it'd be big enough to hurt her. Soon, it'd be too damn big to use in sex at all! He kept his wand pointed at the room where the lovers coupled, kept that magic force pointed at them. 

Giana was feeling well-lubed – she believed that it meant something, for her to be SO juicy when she was with Dan. And soon, she noticed that Dan seemed tremendous, tonight. His fabulous cock, which had brought her so much joy already, seemed to be roto-rootering out her insides in the most wonderful way. 

Dan had the marvelous sensation that he was bigger than he'd ever been, for Giana. Judging from how eagerly she was thrusting back up at him, he might even be right. Elbows on the bed, he tenderly held her massive boobs, so they wouldn't jounce right into her chin. He thrust and thrust and thrust. She met each one, with a shy smile gradually melting into "I don't care if the walls fall, just keep doing me!" face. 

The cock they were sharing grew – in tiny increments, but inexorably. 

"Omigod . . . you feel HUGE tonight!" 

Dan grinned. Things had been so . . . WEIRD, sexually, with Giana, his confidence had really taken a hit. But tonight, things were going great! 

"Have you gotten bigger? I'm not sure how much I can take, tonight." 

Aw, shit. She's uncomfortable, Dan thought, getting up onto his hands above her. 

"Babe . . . try getting on top." 

He saw, as they changed places, that his cock really WAS bigger than it had ever been. Was this an illusion? WHAT was going on? 

Giana gingerly put that really-quite-huge-by-now cock into her, and said "Hold still – I'm having trouble with this rascal, tonight." 

Outside, Murph kept his wand pointed and his concentration on the sorcery. 

She breathed like an athlete warming up, and slid slowly down his thicker-than-ever shaft. And she realized she was at about her limit. Yes, it felt GREAT. But why was his cock so much harder to handle, tonight? 

She began to work her hips up and down him. Slowly. Carefully. She wasn't sure if he could break something inside her, but there was SO MUCH cock, she wasn't going to chance it. He, like she told him to, held still. So she was able to get used to this size of him. She started to go faster, just a little faster, and he groaned with the ecstasy. He shut his eyes, because this long-haired minx was such a vision of sex, he couldn't take it. Well, he could, if she weren't also pouring pleasure right down his cock and into his spine! He gave ONE thrust. 

And she noticed when it happened – he seemed even bigger! "Are you about to cum?" 

"No. No, I'm happy, but I'm not there yet." He felt how her gorgeous ass was spread WIDE, and THAT was ego-chow . . . that she had to spread so much to take him. But another part of him worried. Is she okay? Is something weird going on, again? 

He held still, and she again tried working that monster in. He was stiff as a board, and she tried to relax her insides to take it. But . . . what the hell was happening? She had only a trifle of trouble taking that cock, twice before! But tonight . . . 

Dan had been feeling a buzz coming and going in his cock's root all night. And it was starting again, a slow sine-wave of sensation. But this time it stopped suddenly. Hmm. 

Murph had kept his concentration on the energy needed to sustain a cock-growth-by-the-minute magicking. And that concentration meant he didn't notice the squad of men and women, until they had surrounded his car. 

"SLAW, sir. DROP your wand on the dashboard." 

Sorcerer's Law Agency Workers! SHEE-IT. Big Murph had heard of these guys – the CIA of the sorcery world. This wasn't a ticket-and-a-warning bunch. This was "You're fucked now!" stuff. 

He dropped his wand on the dashboard. 

Back upstairs, Giana was starting to get comfortable enough to rock on that gigantic prick. Lucky that she lubricated so much. She couldn't think well, when she was stuffed full of cock, but later, she asked him if he had bought a penis pump or something. 

Dan saw how she was getting into it again, and began thrusting up into her, just a bit. Now that no one was magicking him, he stopped growing more cock. He remained at the "goddamn that's BIG" level. 

This time, the lights were on – and Dan enjoyed seeing how one of her nipples was a lot harder than the other, at the moment. He stroked her thighs and her ass as she rode him, and began to pound him. But it was so much cock, she couldn't pound him for long. 

"Lie on your side," she said. 

They tried a lot of things that night, and when he came, he came a lovely, heavy load across her tummy (at her request.) After a bit, he went down on her. Ahhh. And when he was ready, he got on top of her and they made love, then they fucked for a while, then they made love some more. But Giana eventually asked him to stop – she was sore from the size of him. 

For the first time, Dan took a good look at the meat rocketing out from between his legs. "Holy shit." He thought. He didn't want to discuss it with her, because he had NO answers. What. The. Fuck. 

Rhonda had tracked down the criminal who had been using magic in such an evil-minded way. She received the thanks of a grateful community – the local sorcering community. 

Murph's wand was broken, he was forbidden to use magic for the next 25 years, AND he was sentenced to three years of bad dreams. The worst were the ones that came just before waking – he was getting it on with some beauty, but then things went horribly wrong. Every time. He had mandatory counseling, and within six months he was a very different man. 

Dan and Giana had a terrific spring, and then a pretty good summer. They were both people with good hearts – but they weren't a good fit. That fact became more and more obvious as winter approached. At a certain point, they agreed to split up. They did keep in touch. 

CHAPTER 6. 

Rhonda really liked the feel of his erection in her hand. Dan really liked the feel of her hand on his cock. Then she dipped her mouth over his straining pole, and he damn near swooned. 

Then again, he hadn't been expecting this at the rehearsal dinner. 

The wedding was one week away. And with their closest friends and family here tonight, she chose THIS time to drag him off to the coat room and have her way with him? Ah, well, happy wife, happy life! 

And she WAS happy. His cock was so big, now, that she'd had to do a little magic on her own pussy to accommodate him. But she didn't mind. 

And she took to getting him all hard in fairly public ways. It was delicious to watch him struggle with it, especially now that his cock was just too tremendous to hide. Sometimes she'd stroke and tease him and not let up until he was dripping pre-cum. But today she was going for the gold. 

"Stop it, Rhonda! I'm . . . I'm gonna cum in your mouth if you . . . if you . . ." he fought it, tried to hold down his simmering load. But she was not giving him ANY way out – she mouth-frigged him without letup. He really did have good control. But she was too much for him – he grabbed a coat and screamed into it. He fired bolt after bolt of hot, salty fluid right into her swallowing mouth. The cum streamed for longer than either of them expected, but she was right with him, making sure there'd be NO evidence! 

"Damn," she thought – "You're supposed to make him cum JUST before you tell him you're a sorcerer!" Fact is, she'd been too infatuated with the idea of making him shoot off at the rehearsal dinner to think this through all the way. Oh well! 

Hours later, back in the apartment they shared, she sat him down to have "the talk." When a sorceress marries a human, she had to either NEVER tell him the truth, or tell him before he took a vow. She really should have told him before now. 

He took it fairly well. He asked for proof, and she did a few homey spells, nothing scary, to show him. He wanted a little more proof – raise that globe over there. Chill the left arm of this chair. Once he was persuaded that this was really, really happening, he stayed very still. And she stayed with him. It took a while for him to get used to it. But . . . this was love. All the rest was details. 

CHAPTER 7 

"Happy anniversary!" 

"Oh, baby! You're the greatest." They smooched. "Happy one-week anniversary!" 

A little more smooching happened. "Look . . . about your sorcering," Dan ventured, blushing . . . "Are there rules about what you can do with it . . . in the bedroom?" 

Of course he'd been dying to know – but he didn't want to unnerve her. He knew he had a gem, in Rhonda, before he'd ever suspected she had magical powers. And now she was making his life SO nice in a thousand little ways (their bed made itself, but not if anyone was around – that sort of thing) he didn't want the universe, or Rhonda, to think he was greedy. 

She smiled like a sunbeam "I was WONDERING when you'd bring that up. The rules are strict – what consenting adults do behind their own door is their own business. All the laws are about consent. So for you and me, I think, we can have whatever WE want." 

Hmm. What DO I want? Dan was wondering this when he noticed her stripping down. She sauntered over, with a wand in her hand, and a VERY confident look on her face. 

"Now, just stop me if there's something you don't like," she whispered. And her breasts pulsed. They grew. They became more outthrust. The nipples looked like they might rocket off! 

He noticed the sensation of his balls getting heavy. VERY heavy. She had told him once that a cumbath might be something she'd like, someday. The turbulence in his testes reminded him she had said so. 

He also noticed that his was cock growing – fast. But that wasn't her magic. It was theirs.