 By Krista's reckoning, about a week had passed since she had been taken into the "sex dimension" (she had tried to call it a "sexmension", but Amari poo-pooed the name) and subsequently met Amari. Since then, the two had been trying their best to navigate the seemingly endless number of fleshy rooms, each one offering a variation of different tentacles to assault them with. Tentacles with pseudo-mouths, replete with full lips and tiny dull teeth, at their ends (tentamaws); tentacles with vacuum cleaner-like suction holes on their tips that resembled an elephant's trunk (trunktacles); tentacles with grasping "fingers", that were more rigid and less omni-flexible, forming makeshift hands (grabbers; Amari named that one); and an assortment of "sub-types" of the basic tentacle that had different textures, such as ridged (both along the length and in rings), suction cups, and spiky.

While she had rather come to enjoy the daily orgasms (which were about 7x more than she had usually had prior to her abduction), by the end of the seventh day Krista began to feel kind of off-put by the prospect of doing NOTHING but having orgasms; she was still young, after all, and wanted to go and do things with her life. She couldn't even imagine how Amari felt with having been trapped for over two years, and certainly had no intention of staying anywhere near as long. To that end, she had been working hard with Amari to figure out how this strange place worked, doing their damnedest to map out their progress by writing up a makeshift map on Krista's smartphone and labeling each room according to what kind of tentacle they encountered. Additionally, they had been doing their best to travel in as straight a line as possible, though if Krista's theory of the place's room-shuffling abilities were true then doing that might not even mean anything.

"What we need now is a better understanding of how this place works," Krista explained to Amari as she stepped through the sphincdoor (she had fought long and hard with Amari to get that name approved) into the next room. "If we could figure out some way to determine direction, like the cardinal directions, THEN we could stand a better chance of orienting ourselves and keeping track of what direction we're headed."

"Hmm...not sure I get how a little red bird would help, love," Amari said in a confused tone as she followed after her friend. Krista began to give her a look that read "not that kind", but Amari disarmed her dismay with a quick, "I'm joshin' you, love. I KNOW what 'cardinal directions' means. Can't make it through basic with...out..."

Noticing that Amari's attention was directed at something behind her, Krista quickly turned to see what it was that had caught her friend's attention. Laying on the floor on the opposite side of the room was a young Asian woman, completely naked, and covered in the smelly white slime that was the trademark residue of the various tentacles. Two small pools of excess jizm had formed by her face and down by her rear, the latter forming the larger of the two puddles. Without hesitation, Krista swiftly went over to the woman's side and lightly shook her right shoulder, asking, "Are you okay?! Can you hear me?"

With a soft moan, the mysterious woman began to rouse from her slumber, but while Krista and Amari were preoccupied with the status of the stranger, the sphincdoor through which they had entered closed, and the walls, ceiling, and floor began their usual pulsing that signaled that another round of molestation and forced orgasms was about to commence. Amari caught on to this first, given her veteran status, and immediately struck a defensive stance near her friend and the unconscious woman. Krista, meanwhile, ceased her attempts to check on the woman, given that her main concern was that she might have died or was injured, but her moaning response and lack of bruising assuaged her concerns.

Putting some distance between herself and the prone woman, Krista stood alongside Amari and said, "You need to relax! We've been over this: The more you fight and resist, the rougher they are with you. I know you don't like it, but do you like it any better when they're rough and violent with you?"

Amari sighed with resignation as she lowered her raised fists. "I know, love. It's just...that's been my default reaction for the past two years," she said with gritted teeth. "Kinda hard to break the habit."

Before Krista could respond, the familiar holes began to open up all around the room, and tentacles began to shoot out in all directions, surrounding them. This variety, Krista noted, was very unusual compared to the other tentacle types she'd seen thus far. These looked almost like they were large and long caterpillars, their tips ending in small, slightly phallic heads and the rest of the body looking segmented and being lined with pairs of tiny leg-like spurs, one pair per segment. After extracting themselves out from their holes, these odd tentacles even seemed to act kind of like real bugs, crawling around on any nearby surface in search of their prey.

Krista looked at this new variety with mounting curiosity, a habit that Amari had noticed she had each time she encountered a new tentacle, despite whatever it was that they did to her. She was so caught up in her examining that she even squatted down to get a better look at the "larvacles". While she gingerly picked one up to get a better look at its underside, which appeared to be rather smooth and soft, another one snuck up on her and began crawling onto her butt and then down her pants, moving much faster than its appearance would imply.

"Eek!" Krista cried out at the sudden intrusion into her clothing, prompting her to release the larvacle in her hand. Instead of simply falling back to the floor, however, it quickly whipped around and took a hold of her hand, at which point it crawled around her arm and formed a spiral, and upon reaching her armpit it made its way under her shirt and across to her breast. She then learned first-hand that the phallic head actually ended in a mandible, as it had opened up and enveloped her right nipple in a tight, but not too painful, pinch. Krista winced a little as her nipple was bitten, but before she could try and extract or adjust it to a more comfortable position, the one in her pants gave her ass a light nip as well, eliciting another squeal of surprise and causing her to try and stand as she stumbled forward, only to fail as the two larvacles kept her anchored, thus causing her to instead fall forward and onto the other writhing larvacles.

Amari watched helplessly as Krista became swarmed with the nasty buggers that she herself had only encountered once or twice prior. Each time, Amari had felt like itching her skin after they were done making her cum, as their little legs crawling all over her always brought about that age-old reaction. Even now, just watching her new friend having them crawl all over her and under her clothes, Amari was starting to feel that same sensation...only it wasn't just a psychological reaction, she realized, as the larvacles were already crawling up her long, muscular legs and honing in on her delicate parts. "Oh, bugger all..." she managed to say before biting her lip as one clamped down on her clitoris, through her clothing, with amazing accuracy. To her credit, she heeded Krista's words and resisted the urge to start pummeling them left and right, though that was probably helped by the fact that one -no, two now- of them had her firmly in their tiny jaws, and if she didn't want them to make her regret ever having a clit then she would have to "play nice" and let them have their way with her.

As Amari's knees buckled and she lowered herself to lay on her back, the other woman finally began to wake up, groggily smacking her lips and wiping her mouth with one hand to clear off the cum that had been dribbling from it. Sitting up, with her bluish-black hair stuck in one of the messiest and nastiest cases of bedhead ever had by anyone, the Asian woman blinked her dark brown eyes as she glanced around, eventually focusing in on the two writhing women that lay on the floor near her. One of them, a red-headed Caucasian that was kinda big around the waist (but not too big, she had to admit...under duress...), was laying on her stomach and having her pants pulled off slowly but surely by several of the wriggly critters, while several more were crawling under her shirt and doubtlessly having a ball with her breasts, if the woman's loud moans were any indication. The other woman, a black woman that looked like she could be an Amazonian, was suffering through her experience as the bugs had their way with her stupidly huge breasts that were now exposed for all to see; the Asian woman couldn't help but look down at her perky 34B breasts and wonder what it would be like to have melons that huge.

With a "whatever" shrug, the Asian woman performed a little stretch that popped a few of her joints here and there, and with a casual, almost friendly tap on one of the segmented little fuckers, which drew its attention away from Amari, the young woman used her other hand to spread open her labia, wide and inviting to the slender yet strong larvacle. After a moment of what could only be described as confusion, as the thing wavered between contesting with its fellows for a spot to nip at the large breasts before it, or to have a go at the welcoming vagina that none of the others had noticed yet, it chose the latter, and with a quick scurry and plunge it buried itself head-first into the Asian woman's pussy, eliciting a joyful, "Kimochi!" from her.

Upon hearing the unfamiliar voice, Krista and Amari turned to look at the now awake stranger they had stumbled upon, and watched as she pulsed her hips in ecstasy as one of the larvacles was crawling into her vagina one segment at a time. They weren't the only ones to have their attentions drawn at the spectacle, as several more larvacles from each of them broke off from the erogenous zones they were competing to stimulate in favor of the virtually uncontested body that gyrated tantalizingly before them. In moments, the Asian woman had larvacles all over her as well, with them focusing in on her neck, breasts, stomach, clitoris, and butt cheeks, gently nipping at her and making her loudly cry out, which sounded like she was in pain at first but it became apparent that such was not the case.

Krista had watched a Japanese AV before, and had thought that the way the AV actress had acted while getting fucked was scripted to make it seem like she was being raped against her will; but as she watched this strange young woman smile and cry out, she realized that that might not have been the case. As they watched on, the Asian woman took one of the larvacles that was nipping at her right ass cheek and guided it to her asshole, at which point it needed no further invitation and began pushing and crawling its way in unaided. The woman cried out all the louder, but not out of displeasure obviously, as she threw back her head and braced herself in her semi-seated position, digging her fingers into the fleshy floor as her body was pleasured all over by the crawling, biting bug-things.

Amari couldn't even begin to fathom how this woman, or ANY woman for that matter, could be enjoying having these creepy-crawlies stimulating her, and looked over to Krista to confirm her viewpoint. Unfortunately, it looked like Krista was also succumbing to the larvacles' ravishes, as she panted heavily and writhed her body beneath their crawling forms. Guessing she was the odd one out, Amari chose to just close her eyes and try not to think about the nasty buggers too much, as once she managed to orgasm they would leave her alone...hopefully.

After many minutes of loud crying, breathy moaning, and uncooperative grunting, each woman was made to climax, though not all at once as had happened with Krista and Amari's first meeting. The Asian woman came first...and then again...and then a third time for good measure before the larvacles were PERMITTED to leave; after her first orgasm they had started to disembark, but she quickly stopped them and prompted them to keep going, which they did without hesitation. Krista was next to climax, cumming sometime in between the Asian woman's first and second orgasms, while Amari came last, beat by mere seconds with the Asian woman's third and final orgasm. All three then laid on the floor and caught their breaths, though Amari was left scratching at her skin here and there as well.

"God, I hate those bloody things!" she yelled as she did her best to suppress her itching urges. "What I wouldn't give for a can of industrial-strength Raid!"

Turning over onto her side, so as to face both Amari and the stranger, Krista said, "It was kinda gross at first, but overall I don't think it was any worse or better than any of the other tentacles we've encountered. Oh, which reminds me," she said as she pulled out her smartphone and marked on their makeshift map "larvacle room". After making the annotation, Krista returned her attention to the naked Asian woman and again asked, "Are you okay? I'm sorry if we triggered this room's sex-cycle before you were done recovering."

Noticing that the gaijin was now talking to her, the Asian woman sat herself up and said, "HUH?! What are you on about, Futotta? It's no big deal that you showed up. Well, I suppose it is a BIG deal any time YOU show up!" she said while pointing and laughing at Krista, causing the red-head to look away and try to cover her stomach awkwardly.

"OI! You nasty little git! Don't diss me friend right in front of me!" Amari shouted while quickly springing to her feet and stomping over to the Asian woman, her steely gaze bearing down on her. For added effect, she loudly punched her right hand into her left palm, which had the desired effect of making the Asian woman flinch from the sudden threat of violence.

The momentary show of fear was short-lived, however, as the Asian woman quickly regained her demeanor and got to her own feet as well, standing at 141 centimeters and having to crane her neck back to look Amari right in her eyes. "EH?! You want to go, Kokujin?! I'll leave your kaiju-sized ass laying in a puddle of your own blood and tears!"

Seeing the situation quickly escalate, Krista put her own negative feelings about herself aside and got to her feet, stepping in between the two before they could come to blows. "Ladies, ladies! Please calm down! We don't need to be fighting each other! We should be trying to get along in here, don't you think?" she asked specifically of Amari, but also directed the question to the volatile stranger as well.

Amari picked up on Krista's distress, and seeing as how she no longer seemed to be hurt by the rude Asian's words, she complied and lowered her fists and relaxed her hands. "Alright, Krista. I'll leave her be. But if this mini-cunt starts mouthing off again, I won't hesitate to—"

"It's alright, Amari. I've got thick skin. I can handle anything she's got," Krista reassured her over-protective friend. After Amari took a step back and turned away, she redirected her attention to the Asian woman standing before her, who still looked like she was ready to throw down at any second. "I'm sorry for my friend. She's...been through a lot in this place, and hasn't been dealing with it very well," she said as she tried to peace-keep between the two. She didn't know much about this strange woman who seemed to actually ENJOY having her body ravished by the tentacles, but what she did know was that she seemed to have at least some understanding of and a measure of control over them, given how she managed to keep them stimulating her even when they tried to leave. And right now, we need as much information and ability to control this place as we can get, Krista thought as she looked over the Asian woman.

Though, calling her a "woman" seemed to be barely a stretch, as she looked fairly young to Krista, somewhere around 18 years old or so. Her short black hair, dyed so it had a hint of deep blue, definitely gave the impression of a rebellious youth, as if her fearless and authority-challenging attitude in the face of someone like AMARI wasn't enough of a dead give away. On top of that, she had a nose ring in her right nostril, and though Krista had a basic understanding of how the Japanese felt about tattoos (namely that they had a stigma attached to them of only being worn my members of the yakuza), she couldn't shake the vibe that this young lady would probably be sporting several tats if she weren't Japanese, as evidenced by the few non-English words she had spoken.

Shaking herself from her brief analysis of the young woman, Krista extended her right hand in front of her and said warmly, "I'm sorry for not introducing myself first before I bombarded you with questions and unnecessary apologies. My name is Sullivan, Krista. What's your name?"

Looking down at the extended hand, and then back up into Krista's pretty blue eyes, the Japanese woman gave a slight eye roll before taking the outstretched hand in her own and giving it a firm shake before quickly releasing it, saying, "My name is Maeda, Miko. I'm...sorry about poking fun at you. You're the first people I've met since I got here, and I should TRY to tone down my bitchiness, I guess. What's the kaiju's name?" she asked with a jut of her chin at Amari.

"Her name is Williams, Amari. She's a member of the UEM, so don't go getting on her bad side, please?" Krista implored Miko with her hands clasped together in front of her. "I'd greatly appreciate it if we could all get along while we're trying to make our way out of this place."

"Make your way out?!" Miko cried in disbelief. "Why would you want to do that? You get to have an all-you-can-cum buffet each and every day! Fucking bakas! You're standing in a woman's sexual paradise, and you want to get out?! You've got to be kidding me!" she said with an incredulous look on her face.

Hearing Amari start to stomp over towards them, as she had clearly not been bluffing about what she would do if Miko started "mouthing off again", Krista quickly maneuvered herself so as to keep her large, short-tempered friend at bay while trying to make sure that her new, quick-to-piss-Amari-off friend didn't make her own move to take on the much larger and more combat experienced woman. How on Earth...or wherever I am...am I going to keep these two from killing each other while making my way out of here? she mentally lamented while staring forlornly at the fleshy ceiling.