 Warmth and moisture. These were the first sensations that Krista felt upon regaining consciousness. As she slowly and groggily began to stir, she vaguely wondered where she could possibly be that she would be feeling this kind of cloistering, wet atmosphere.

Racking her brain, she forced herself to recall the events of the past couple of days, trying to piece together where she was based on what all she'd learned and what she'd been doing. She had been following a lead on the disappearance of her younger sister, Tina, who'd gone missing about a month ago. People going missing wasn't an uncommon occurrence; according to her research, there had been such disappearances of women of various demographics all around the world since the end of the war some eighteen years ago. No one had been able to figure out who was behind it, or what was happening to them after they were abducted, which she found incredibly suspicious.

{With the world's governments being restructured into one governing body, "for the sake of unity", you'd think that the flow of information between the various police departments and intelligence agencies would make pinning down the ones responsible a lot easier}, she had thought and wrote down in her notes. But given that that wasn't the case, and that the pandemic of disappearances wasn't being addressed by either the new world government nor any news outlet only raised her suspicions even more that the ones behind it might very well be those in charge.

Once she'd reached that conclusion, she had tried to keep a low profile, for fear that her snooping about for answers would bring her unwanted attention. To that end, she did her best to drop off of everyone's radar (namely everyone that she knew), with one exception being her online buddy DarkLordIto, with whom she had shared data about the disappearances. She knew she could trust him and count on him to get her out of a jam if she found herself in one; he definitely had a crush on her, despite having never seen her, and would probably come flying in from Japan looking for her if they lost contact for too long.

Despite the measures she took to try and cover her tracks so as to not endanger any of her friends or remaining family, there had been one persistent..."acquaintance" that she just couldn't shake: Liz, a former friend that she'd known for years, up until she realized that Liz had begun to show signs of emotional instability when it came to Krista, namely of a romantic nature. Krista had rarely thought about things like love and romance, having always been more of the bookish type who devoted herself to whatever tickled her intellectual fancy at any given moment. So when Liz started getting more and more clingy and aggressive, Krista didn't have any choice but to end their friendship and distance herself from her former friend-turned-stalker.

It was while Krista was pursuing a promising lead (a shady-looking guy who worked for a "talent agency") that Liz had tracked her down and was giving her trouble yet again. In a bid to both dodge her stalker and still maintain her tailing of her lead, Krista had slipped into a seemingly abandoned building, hoping that she could make her way through it, ditch Liz, and intercept the sleazeball. Unfortunately, Liz instead ended up intercepting her, cornering her on the second floor. It was then that they were both hit with a couple of taser rounds from some unseen assailant, and that was the last full memory she had before awakening wherever she was now.

As she opened her baby blue eyes to take in just where she was, she was horrified to see what looked like a solid wall of pulsing, glowing meat...no, muscle in front of her. It was unlike anything she had seen in her life, and she was quite surprised to look around and see nothing but this unnatural structure all around her. As far as she could tell, this space she was in was cubical in nature, having four walls all the same size (3 meters long on each side) and shape (square) as each other and the floor and ceiling. Aside from looking like solid walls of meat that pulsed ever so slightly and gave off an iridescent reddish glow, the only other notable feature that all sides shared was a circular indentation about 1 meter in diameter, located in the exact center of each wall/ceiling/floor. These indentations also looked like they were muscular in nature, but unlike the solid muscles that made up the walls, the musculature of the circles looked more like giant sphincters, if she had to compare them to anything.

It was when she made the mental comparison to sphincters that Krista then began to register the heavy, musky smell that hung thick in the air, making her scrunch up her nose in disgust. She'd never smelled something like this before...or so she thought at first. She then remembered this one time back in college a couple of years ago that she had accidentally walked in on her roommate having sex with her boyfriend, and how that unmistakable smell seemed so similar to what she was inhaling now. Despite the association, however, she didn't see or hear anyone else in the fleshy chamber with her, so she deduced that it must be the natural smell that the exposed muscle-looking walls must have.

Not sure for how long she would be able to stomach the smell, Krista pushed herself up off the floor and raised her right hand to cover her nose and mouth, only to find that it had a thin layer of the offensively smelling mucus covering it. Upon further inspection, she discovered that her entire body was caked in the stinking stuff, leaving her clothes damp and clingy. {It was hard enough trying to find a nice outfit that fits me}, Krista thought, remembering how long it took for her to locate a cute top and bottom ensemble that not only matched, but also fit her nicely. She wasn't obese by any stretch of the imagination, but she wasn't a twig, either; a little bit on the "pleasantly plump" side (downright borderline, she'd argue) was the best way to describe her.

As she clambered to her feet and stood up to her full height of 162 centimeters, she once more tried to piece together how she went from being tasered to unconsciousness in an abandoned building to being covered in slime inside of wherever she was. She didn't have long to ponder, though, as a moment after she found her footing on the somewhat spongy floor, the fleshy interior began to react all around her. Krista looked around her quickly, trying to figure out what was going on: Before her very eyes, the muscles that made up the structure she was in began to tear or peel themselves apart at random spots, forming small openings all around her.

{What the hell is going on?} she thought as she looked quizzically at a nearby hole that was eye level with her. Cautiously, she made her way over to the wall, being careful not to step on or into any of the holes that had popped open in the floor. When she reached the hole, she did her best to look inside, but found that it was too dark to see with the naked eye. She had thought that whoever had tasered her and brought her here would have removed all of her valuables and useful possessions, but a quick patting down surprised her when she found her smartphone in her pants pocket, right where she'd usually keep it. Pulling it out, she saw that she had no signal here, but trying to connect to the outside world would have to wait a moment; turning on her flashlight app, she shined it into the hole and took a gander inside.

Within the hole, Krista could just barely make out some sort of writhing motion happening inside. She squinted hard to try and make sense of it, only to find out the hard way what it was a second later when a long, muscular tentacle came shooting out of the hole and right into her face, nearly poking her eye out in the process! "Shit!" she yelled in surprise, narrowly bobbing her head out of the way of the quickly extending appendage and twisting her torso sideways. She didn't have long to catch her wits and analyze the strange thing that had nearly blinded her, as all around her more tentacles began to shoot out of the various holes that had appeared all around the room.

Several more tentacles from that same wall zipped out with remarkable speed, with a couple of them making contact with Krista. One of them, with amazing accuracy, found her mouth and lightly brushed against her lips as she dodged out of the way from the first tentacle; the other connected with her chest, managing to slide across both her 32D-cup breasts through her moistened blouse. Krista gave a surprised squeak when she felt both tentacles touch her, prompting her to quickly step away from the now writhing walls towards the room's center. But as she tried to step away, one of the tentacles now protruding from a hole in the floor behind her tripped up her right foot as she stepped away, causing her to lose her balance and fall backwards.

Expecting a hard impact, Krista closed her eyes and clenched her teeth, anticipating the feeling of the hard, slimy floor any second. But the impact never came, as a great many tentacles from all around the room, not just the ones on the floor in her immediate vicinity, had extended themselves to great lengths and managed to catch her in makeshift net of wriggling fleshy tubes. She admittedly felt a little grateful for the save, as she was sure she would have hurt her red-haired head if it had smacked the muscular floor; that gratitude and relief were short-lived, though, as the tentacles that had caught her then wrapped themselves around her extremities and body, holding her hard and fast. No matter how she tried to pull free, it was all in vain; the tentacles had her now at their mercy, of which they had none, which they quickly demonstrated by rubbing all along her body from her head to her feet.

{No, no...I've got to get out of this!} Krista thought desperately, her mind racing for a solution to her predicament while her body began to feel strange from the tentacles' movements. The only thing she had at hand was her smartphone, which was still shining its flashlight. {I don't see anything that looks like an eye or light-sensitive organ}, she thought as she looked from tentacle to tentacle, noting that they all looked the same and without any defining features. Thumbing the flashlight off, she switched to her music player app and played the loudest song she had in her library, hoping to get a reaction from the tentacles. Nothing, not even a twitch. {So they don't see or hear...movement detection, then?} In a last bid for freedom, Krista muted the music and turned on her smartphone's vibration feature. She then threw it to the other side of the room through the extending tentacles, and became as still and motionless as she could, even holding her breath for good measure.

For a moment, her plan seemed to work: The tentacles that were rubbing her body stopped doing so, and several of them broke off from her and made their way to the vibrating smartphone on the floor. Unfortunately for Krista, one tentacle that began to leave her was situated in between her legs and rubbed directly against her crotch through her slimed-up jeans, sending a wave of pleasure through her and causing her to shudder ever so slightly. She thought she had kept herself pretty still despite the sensation, but was surprised when the tentacles that had left/were starting to leave stopped in their tracks and came back to her, resuming their rubbing of her body. {D-damn it!} she mentally cursed as the tentacles rubbing her body increased their movements. {I was so sure that that would work! What went wrong?} she thought with frustration as she struggled mentally to keep her senses about her and not lose herself to the mounting levels of pleasure she was being made to feel.

After a couple of minutes of the full-body massage the tentacles were giving her, Krista noticed a subtle change in how some of them were behaving. Tentacles that were rubbing and stimulating her in a way that was turning her on kept at it, while tentacles that weren't getting any such reaction from her stopped their futile movements and made their way to the parts of her that were providing proper arousal. {Ugh...in...interesting...} she thought as she tried to process this new information through her steadily increasing arousal. {My...my arousal is...ugh...probably what kept them from going for...mmf... my smartphone}, she managed to conclude, which was an impressive feat considering what she was going through at that moment.

To be more specific, the tentacles had zoned in on her lips, breasts, hands, butt, crotch, and inner thighs, vigorously rubbing them all in tandem (once they'd figured out that those were where they should focus). Krista was not only learning a fair deal about how these organisms(?) worked, but also about herself as well: She'd never really known that her lips, hands, and inner thighs were among her erogenous zones. Sure, she'd been in brief relationships here and there, during which her short-lived boyfriends got a little handsy and she'd learned the arousal that occurs when her breasts, butt, and privates were stimulated, but outside of those flings she'd never really explored her sexuality. She rarely found that she had the time, since if she wasn't working her bouncy butt off with studying for school, she'd have her nose buried in some book or other either expanding her knowledge outside of academic studies or losing herself in some well-written fiction.

But now that she was being confronted head-on with all of this synchronized stimulation, she briefly lamented having never made the time for herself. {Well...aaah...at least I've learned...shhhit!... something more about myself...before...the end...} she thought morosely, having given up any hope of escaping the molesting appendages. By her reckoning, this was all just a tenderizing done prior to digestion; after all, the "room" that she found herself in strongly resembled the interior of some giant living organism. It was probably only going to be a matter of time before the tentacles went from pleasuring her to ripping her to pieces, or smothering her in their writhing mass, or pulling her apart drawn-and-quartered style. {Geez...gah!...I've really read some...ooh...messed up stuff...} she thought grimly, now wishing she'd steered clear of that one book depicting medieval torture and execution methods, which gave her nightmares for weeks after she read it.

As time went on, though, and she began to approach her first climax, she began to reevaluate her situation. {Aaah...but if...ooh...if they wanted me dead...mmm!...why are they...oh, shit!...doing this to meeee...} she tried to think as the stimulation seemed to increase, as if sensing her impending orgasm. The tentacles tickling her gasping lips, squeezing her heaving breasts through her blouse and twerking her erect nipples underneath her bra, encircling her fingers and tracing her palms, rubbing her labia and clitoris in interchanging fast and slow cycles, and massaging her butt cheeks and thighs rhythmically all began upping their respective tempos in time with her peeking arousal.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck...OH FUUUUCK!" Krista let loose a loud moan as she climaxed harder than she had ever done before in her entire twenty-five years of life. Her entire body shook from the intensity of the climax, and her mind swam with ecstasy as her orgasm flooded over her senses. {Shit...that was pretty great}, she thought as the afterglow kicked in and a goofy smile crossed her face. She thought she felt...SOMETHING a little off with her orgasm, almost like she wasn't the only one who experienced it, but in her euphoric state she didn't put too much thought into it and chalked it up to the sheer intensity of her tentacular climax.

As the afterglow began to fade and her breathing and thought processes began to return to normal, the tentacles that were holding her aloft began to lower her to the floor, and once she was resting upon it they, as one, retreated back into their respective holes. Blinking in disbelief, Krista propped herself up on her elbows and looked around the room, watching as the multitude of holes began to close up and seal themselves shut, not leaving any trace or indication that there were ever any holes in the walls to begin with. Curious, she slowly got back to her feet (her legs were still a little shaky from her climax) and cautiously went back over to the wall she had first approached. Placing both hands on its fleshy surface, Krista began pressing and poking all across its surface, trying to figure out where the holes were, but after a couple of minutes (and still feeling a bit exhausted from her ordeal) she gave up, concluding that the holes that had appeared no longer existed where they once were.

"What is this place?" she asked aloud as she stepped away from the wall and slowly sat back down on the floor, then switched to laying on her side since her butt still felt a bit sensitive from the intense attentions the tentacles had given it. {I have so many questions, and zero in the way of answers}, she thought with much frustration, thinking that the longer she was stuck in this...thing, the less likely it was that she would be able to find her sister in a timely manner. Little did Krista know that she was actually much, much closer to reuniting with Tina than she would have ever imagined...