 Laying on the warm, fleshy floor of the room, Krista looked up at the equally fleshy ceiling, laying alongside her new friends Amari and Miko. The had spent the rest of the "day", for lack of a better term, getting to know one another, at Krista's insistence. After all, if we're going to be traveling through this thing together, we should really get to know each other fairly well, she had reasoned when she proposed it. As it turned out, for the most part the three women didn't have too much in common: There was nearly a ten year age gap between Miko and Krista, as well as between Krista and Amari, making it a nearly twenty year age gap between her two friends; they were all from completely different parts of the world, and thus had different cultural backgrounds and values; and their personal interests, hobbies, and likes/dislikes also barely aligned with one another.

The only thing Krista had to go on with keeping them together and peaceful was that she felt that they were all genuinely good people who wanted to leave this place. I just hope that that will be enough to help us escape from here, Krista thought glumly. In truth, Krista didn't really know what it meant to have close friends, and was basically winging it with trying to act like a friend with them. She was always more into studying and enriching her mind than she was with socializing, and could probably count all of the close friendships she's had in her life on one hand...IF she felt like feeling depressed. In the end, I'm just using the both of them to help me find my sister and escape. I'm a horrible person, aren't I? Her moments of introspection and reflection always tended to be rather dour, and this moment was no exception.

"Can't get to sleep?" Miko asked from Krista's left.

Krista turned her head to look at Miko, only to find her feet in her face. Shifting about so she could see Miko's face, Krista replied, "Yeah, kinda. Just thinking about what we should do next to work towards getting out."

"How many hours do we have left until this room resets?" Miko asked while pointing at Krista's smartphone.

Pulling it from her left back pocket, Krista checked the timer she had set shortly after their "sexperience" with the larvacles. "About twelve hours, give or take."

"Okay, good. That'll leave us plenty of time after we wake up," Miko said while turning over to face away from Krista.

"Time? Time for what?" Krista asked while speaking to the firm, naked ass of her slightly rude new friend.

"Training," Miko said over her shoulder. "You two don't seem to have much of a clue as to how to properly use this place, so after we've all gotten a good night's rest, I'll impart what I know to you, so that way you can pull your weights when it comes to traveling through these rooms. You'll see what I mean. Just get some sleep for now."

"Alright, I'll try," Krista said with a faint smile. Returning her gaze to the ceiling, she softly closed her eyes, and did her best to empty her mind and drift off to slumber...

~~~

Mmm... Krista hummed in her mind as she felt her erogenous zones being tenderly stimulated. She had been giving a lecture in front of her fellow students up until a moment ago, despite having come to school in her underwear. She had remedied this by throwing on a white lab coat, which hid most of her shame, but she still felt VERY self conscious about her inexplicable exhibitionism. But just as she was getting to the really good part, where she explained how her theory about multi-dimensional travel could be used to find a Danny's that DIDN'T suck, she suddenly started feeling very turned out out of nowhere! She took up a position behind the podium that hadn't been there until a moment ago, hoping to conceal her squirming from the rest of the class, but as she looked out into the audience to gauge their reactions, she couldn't see anyone sitting in their seats, though she did still feel a great many number of eyes looking at her...

"Hmm...huh?" Krista moaned as she stirred from her dream, only to find herself lightly wrapped in the default slender tentacles, which were the source of her arousal. "That's new," she mused to herself, as this was the first time she had been molested in her sleep by the tentacles, though she figured that such a thing should have probably happened sooner, realistically speaking. After blinking her eyes awake, she noticed the writhing motions to her right and left, and the soft moans of Miko accompanied by the low grunts of Amari forming a sensual surround sound on her sides.

"Aaah! Mmm! Yeah, THAT'S the best part of waking up!" Miko said aloud, not only being stimulated by the basic tentacles, but also enjoying a larvacle shoving itself in and out of her pussy. As she lolled her head from side to side in ecstasy, she saw that Krista was now awake, and with a sultry smile said, "Morning, sunshine. Have a nice dream?"

"Um, it was interesting, and kind of good at the end, I suppose," Krista admitted while recalling the dream, though that end part with the disembodied gazes did trouble her a little, but she kept that to herself. "Is this...ugh...your doing?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Oooh...yeeeaaah...you've hit the...NNNF!...nail on the heeeaaad," Miko confessed in between her gesticulations. "It's...aaah...it's a type of waaake uuup caaall...FUCK!" she let out a loud cry as she came hard from the larvacle lodged in her vagina.

As Miko's yell rang out through the room, Amari started to stir from her molested slumber, and upon realizing what had been happening to her, let out her own cry of, "WHAT THE BLOODY HELL?!" while she hastily grabbed and removed the teasing tentacles from her sensitive spots and got to her feet. "Why the fuck were the buggers feeling me up while I was out cold?!"

"It's...mmm...an alarm system that...ooh...that Miko uses," Krista explained, seeing as how Miko herself was a bit preoccupied with panting heavily and basking in her afterglow. "She said that...woah!...she would start showing us how she's...mmm...been doing things today."

"That's nice! Only I would appreciate a bit more of a head's up BEFORE hand, if you don't rightly mind," Amari said while giving Miko a hard stare, which Miko returned with a her own goofy, post-orgasm smile.

"Aw, don't tell me you don't appreciate a little touchy-feely time first thing in the morning," Miko said while peeling off the tentacles that had been gently rubbing her. "I could hear your bestial, throaty grunts while you slept. You were having a sugoi wet dream, weren't ya?"

Amari actually blushed somewhat from Miko accusation, saying, "Sh-shut up, you cheeky tart! Not all of us have an unquenchable sex drive like you."

"Yeah, yeah, I get it. I'll refrain from putting you in any more unexpected situations, okay?" Miko "apologized", in her own Miko-way. She then turned her attention to Krista, who was still lying on the floor and receiving the attentions of all the normal tentacles that she and Amari had discarded. "Are you going to get off soon, or do you want to just lay there and enjoy them while I talk and demonstrate? I'm fine with either, really."

"Oh! Uhmmm...sorry," Krista apologized with a blush, before pulling the lightly adhering tentacles off of her and getting to her feet with the help of Amari. "So, what will you teach us next?"

"Ah, an eager learner, huh? You should take after her, Ama-chan," Miko jabbed at Amari with teasing wink.

"I'm good to go, thanks," Amari answered stoically, punctuating her words with an eye roll. "And 'Ama-chan'?"

"The suffix '-chan' is a term for endearment in Japanese," Krista chimed in.

"Oh. Um, okaaay," Amari responded with a weirded out sideways glance at Miko. "To be honest, I...didn't really think we were all that close or on good enough terms with each other for—"

"Oh, we're not," Miko reaffirmed. "I just felt like calling you that to mess with you, BAAAKA," she said with a "gotcha" smile.

Amari visibly bristled up at Miko's taunting; while Krista hadn't yet explained what 'baka' meant, despite Miko having called Amari that multiple times, she could tell that it wasn't any term of endearment. She toyed with the idea of bringing up Miko's boyfriend to retaliate, but since that was the only thing she had on her, she didn't want to risk overusing it and having it lose its potency at making Miko flustered, so she held her tongue...for now.

Seeing that Amari wasn't going to give her a reaction, Miko shrugged slightly and walked over to the center of the room and the sphincdoor embedded in the floor. "Okay, so let's just check what you two do know. When you have to take a piss, what do you do?"

Krista blushed fiercely at the sudden embarrassing topic, though in hindsight she reckoned that by this point she really shouldn't have felt so out of sorts, considering all she'd been through already. "Um...Amari and I usually just go in the corner of whatever room we're in at the time. We tend to try and hold it in until we're ready to move on to the next room, so we don't have to deal with the smell."

Miko gave the other two women a look filled with both bewilderment and disgust. "You...you just pissed on the floor...like...dogs that aren't housebroken..." She then pinched the bridge of her nose, doing her best to refrain from letting her mouth run and say anything more that might insult her new friends. With a deep intake of breath, she composed herself and continued, saying, "Okay. Well, let's NOT do that from here on out, okay? Look, you see this handy 'sphincdoor'—honestly, Krista—in the floor right here? Guess what it works really well as?"

Before either of the other two women could answer, Miko squatted down over the floor sphincdoor, rubbed her urethra with her right index finger, and then inserted that same finger into the sphincdoor's hole. She then planted her feet on both sides of the floor around the sphincdoor, and waited for it to fully open, and began to urinate down into the gaping hole. As Krista and Amari watched, a tentacle with a wide, funnel-like opening began rising from the room below, having positioned itself so that it caught the golden stream that Miko was letting flow from her.

"Aaah...now, keep watching, ladies, because this is just part one of the process," Miko said with a very relieved look on her face. As she finished releasing her stream, the funnel-like tentacle continued getting closer to her nether regions, prompting her to say, "And here comes part 2..." In an instant, the funnel clamped down over Miko's nethers, and as soon the seal was complete, a bunch of vein-like tentacles that were spread out over the exterior of the funnel disappeared, causing Miko to alternate between giggling and moaning as they wiped and teased her thoroughly. The process lasted for about a minute or so, at which point Miko breathily said, "And now...the third and final part. Which I both hate and love..." As she was saying this, the funnel pulled away, revealing the tiny tentacles that had been cleaning Miko vigorously, only to then finish their job quite literally by releasing tiny yet powerful streams of milky fluid all over Miko's vaginal area, causing her to squeal slightly while biting on her lower lip.

After the tentafunnel finished its job, it retreated from between Miko's legs and disappeared back into the room below, with the sphincdoor closing shortly afterwards. Standing up from her position, Miko sauntered over to the other two women, who both looked wide eyed as they had learned of something they hadn't even imagined was possible. "Okay, so who wants to give it a whirl next?"

Krista squirmed uncomfortably. "Um...I'll pass, thanks."

"Same," Amari said with crossed arms in front of her.

"Alright, but before we leave this room you two are GOING to use that method. Just pissing wherever on the floor...I'VE LICKED THESE FLOORS, on occasion! And while I'll admit that I've done some golden showers every now and then—"

"Okay, okay! We promise we'll use that, and not do it in the corners anymore!" Krista quickly interjected, not wanting to hear anymore about this topic.

"Good," Miko said with smirk. "Now, for the next lesson. What have you two been doing for sustenance?" 

"Usually, they just force themselves into our mouths, and the gunk they squirt out goes down our throats. Isn't that the only means in this place?" Amari answered.

Miko, upon hearing Amari's answers, softly closed her eyes, raised her right hand, and applied it directly to her forehead. "Two...years...TWO...YEARS...How did you SURVIVE that long?!" she shouted incredulously. Both Krista and Amari were taken aback by the sudden outburst, and when Miko noticed this she quickly worked to compose herself. "Sorry...sorry. I'm just...in awe of how you've managed to get by thus far, that's all. Anyways, I'm going to show you the non-forceful way to get a meal around here."

Walking over to the nearest wall, Miko took a moment, looking contemplative, and then turned and licked the wall. A moment later, a long, phallic tentacle emerged from where she had licked it, poking out right in front of her face. "Alright, now I KNOW you two know what this is. But did you know that you can affect the flavor of what comes out?" she asked while stroking it roughly.

"WHAT? Are you serious?" Krista asked, quite surprised at the revelation. Amari merely tilted her head and squinted at Miko, doubt clearly evident on her face.

"Very serious," Miko answered with a catlike grin. She then relieved her hand from its hard work, and let her mouth take over. Quickly taking the whole thing deep down her throat, she slowly pulled her head back, her lips applying a great amount of suction along the shaft while her tongue rolled around its girth within. With a sensual hum, she pulled her mouth off of the tip with an audible, wet, SMACK sound, followed by a playful tongue tickling of the tip. In no time at all, the phallic tentacle began pouring out a steady flow of white, gooey liquid, which Miko greedily slurped up.

"Mmm-mmm! That's so good!" Miko said after licking her lips. "Who wants to taste some red bean flavored jizz?"

"Red bean flavored?!" Krista exclaimed excitedly. She had heard about the Japanese delicacy, but had never had an opportunity to try it. Quickly making her way over to where Miko held the tentacle aloft, she brought the tip to her mouth and tentatively took a mouthful of it. It still had the standard texture that she had come to associate with...cum, but true to Miko's words it tasted vastly different from the usual, salty flavor, this time carrying a distinctly sweet flavor, like extra sugary sweet potatoes. She was so surprised that she nearly swallowed it down the wrong tube, causing her to cough violently. "Wow, that's amazing! Can you make it taste like anything?"

"Sure you can!" Miko reassured her. "Just go over to the wall, have a specific flavor in mind, and give it a lick! The dick that comes out will give you the flavor you had in mind, AFTER you make it cum, of course." She then turned to the skeptical Amari and added, "Oi! You give it a try, too! Unless you'd PREFER to be force-fed so you don't die of starvation or dehydration."

Amari scrunched her face up in an unhappy scowl, which caused Miko to raise a suspicious eyebrow. Then, a sudden idea dawned in Miko's mind, and she quickly beckoned over to Krista, "Oi, Kris-chan! Come practice your wall licking over here, and Amari, you practice on the opposite wall. I don't know if bringing out tentacles of different flavors so close to each other will affect their flavors or not."

Obediently, the two women went to opposite walls, with the wall that Miko had used in between them. After Krista successfully brought forth her own phallic tentacle, Miko casually walked over to her, pretending to be watching over her. But as Krista clumsily tried working it with her hands, Miko leaned over to her ear and whispered, "Hey, quick question: Do you know anything about Amari's...sexual preferences?" she asked while looking over her shoulder at Amari, who had managed to get a phallic tentacle out as well, but was handling it very gingerly, as if she'd rather be touching anything else.

"Huh? Her sexual preference?" Krista parroted back. "I don't think it's ever come up, now that you mention it. Why?"

"Well, it's just that of the three of us, she seems the least inclined towards being penetrated or having anything done to her with something phallic," Miko whispered conspiratorially. "I'm thinking that she's either a super virgin, or she swings the other way. What do you think?"

"I think..." Krista answered, briefly pausing from her inexperienced jerking of the tentacle, "...that it's not really any of our business what she prefers sexually. If she wants us to know, then she'll tell us."

"Bah! You're no fun!" Miko said with a sly smile, before placing her hand on the back of Krista's head, and before she realized what was happening, forced Krista's mouth onto the tentacle. "Now, get used to putting that pretty mouth of yours to good use. You'll get your meal out a lot faster if you make use of that, and your tits," she said while giving Krista a playful fondle. She then left her to work on her technique, and made her way over to Amari, who was having an even harder time getting anything out of her tentacle than Krista was.

"Fuck this bloody prick!" Amari growled in frustration as Miko came up alongside her. "How is it that the stupid things are able to squirt so quickly and easily when they're having their way with me, but as soon as I try and get it to do it for me, it won't give so much as a drop of precum!" she exclaimed while bashing her fist into the wall out of frustration.

"Woah, easy there! You're going to cause it to go limp and retreat back into the wall, at this rate!" Miko chided while laying her hand on Amari's fist. "Maybe it's just your approach that's not yielding any results. What are you thinking about while you're handling it?"

"Honestly? I'm thinking about how I'd rather be doing anything else than getting this disgustin' thing off," Amari answered with a sneer.

"Well, that would definitely be a problem with actually yielding any results," Miko said with an exasperated sigh. "You do know that it's not really a matter of 'getting it off', but it's more about getting yourself off, right? That's kind of what this whole 'sex dimension' is about."

Amari glanced over at Miko, gave her a begrudging nod, and said, "Yeah, I guess you've got a point. But that doesn't make trying to do this any bloody easier..."

"Aw, come on! Just try imagining it's your favorite dildo, or something," Miko suggested. "Or, since you're trying to get something edible out of it, try imagining it as a very girthy pop-sickle that you have to work to get at the cream filling of."

"...you're enjoying trying to get me to do this, aren't you?" Amari surmised with a sideways glance as she took the tentacle in hand once more and began anew trying to coax its nutritious and "tasty" cum from it.

"Eh, maybe a little," Miko admitted with a cocky smile. "But think of it this way: You either get the hang of doing this, or you can continue to get force-fed it. Keep working on it; I'm going to go check on Krista."

Turning back to where Krista was, Miko was surprised to see that she wasn't working on the tentacle she had brought forth, but was actually on the one Miko herself had made appear. Curious, she walked over to Krista and asked, "Liked the taste of red bean paste that much?"

"Hmm? Oh, no, no. I mean, yes, I liked it, but that's not the reason I'm back to this one," Krista tried to explain. "I noticed that there was a subtle difference between the amount of pressure that my tentacle ejaculated and yours did. Any idea why that is?"
