 After spending an unknown amount of time lying on the fleshy floor of the "room" she'd found herself in, Krista felt she had recovered sufficiently from her orgasmic ordeal and should try to figure out more about where she was and how she could get out. Getting back to her feet, she spotted where her smartphone was laying, still vibrating furiously from when she had tried to use it as a distraction. Though the floor wasn't perfectly flat and she thought that traversing it would be like walking on a trampoline or a bouncy castle, the muscular tissue that it consisted of was surprisingly firm, making walking on it fairly easy.

Picking up her smartphone, Krista thumbed off the vibration and began looking through her apps to see what was functioning and what was out of service. The basic apps that didn't rely on any wireless capabilities worked just fine, but she was getting no bars at all on her wireless adapter, despite walking from one side of the room to the other and holding her smartphone high and low. Even when she tried to see what networks were available in the area (figuring that maybe they were all password protected) she came up with nothing, as in there were NO networks around that could even be detected.

{How is this even possible?} she thought as she put her smartphone away, hoping to conserve its battery since she doubted she'd be able to recharge it any time soon. {In this day and age, being in an area without even ONE wireless network around is almost inconceivable. I'd either have to be somewhere ridiculously remote, or...} She stopped the pacing back and forth she had been doing while thinking as an exceedingly disturbing thought crossed her mind. {...or I am no longer on Earth. But how could I have been taken off-world during the period of time I was knocked-out? I may be a heavy sleeper, but I highly doubt even I could have snoozed through leaving Earth orbit.}

Feeling her frustration over her lack of knowledge about her situation mounting, and having nothing else to do or try in the room she was in, Krista made her way over to one of the sphincter-like indentures in the walls and proceeded to give it a much closer look. Upon closer inspection, she found that the sphincter was in fact a part of the wall, having no seams or indications that it was artificially placed in the wall's tissue. Additionally, it was not closed completely, as there was a very small opening at its center, which she assumed allowed for some minimal air flow to happen, otherwise she was sure she would have passed out already from oxygen deprivation, what with all the heavy breathing she had been doing just a short while ago.

{Which raises even MORE freaking questions!} she thought to herself while scowling slightly. {While I'll admit it felt great once I stopped worrying about being killed, I still have no idea why that happened, exactly. Was it just some random event that I happened to be in the right place at the right time for, or is it something that happens on a regular basis, and if so, then how regular? Because as good as that was and all, I think I'd prefer to pick and choose if and when I have such an encounter, thank-you-very-much.}

Shaking the ever-puzzling thoughts from her mind for the time being, Krista took her right index finger and poked it into the small hole at the center of the sphincter. While she thought that she would have to use a great deal of force to pry it open, much to her surprise it began to open wide all on its own shortly after her finger had been inserted. With a slight squelching noise, the sphincter opened to its full capacity, allowing Krista a clear view into the next room...which looked exactly the same as the room she was currently in. Baffled, but beginning to form a hypothesis, Krista left the opened sphincter and went to the next one over on the adjacent wall, once again prodding the small hole with her finger and receiving the exact same result. And just as before, what lay beyond the fleshy portal was another room that looked the same as the one she was in and the other room the first sphincter opened to. Rather than check the other two sphincters on the walls, she instead went to the sphincter in the floor, knelt down beside it, and triggered its reaction. Looking down, with dull surprise, she saw yet another identical room.

{Okay...so this is worrying,} she thought while rubbing her temples, trying to make sense of what this could mean. {So this room I'm in is just one of MANY identical rooms, and if they're all the same in appearance then chances are good that they'll all have the same features, which is to say molesting tentacles. Greaaat...} she thought with no small amount of sarcasm. {If I had to pick a direction to try and find my way out of this...place, it would be up. But...} she thought while looking at the ceiling sphincter 3 meters above her, {...I don't think I'm going to be able to reach that lofty goal just yet. So my next best option would be...}

Returning her attention to the wall sphincters, she noticed that the two she had opened had closed at some point while she was lost in her own thoughts, with the floor sphincter starting to close itself right next to her. {So they don't stay open permanently. Good to know,} she mentally noted as she stood up from where she had been kneeling. Making her way back over to the first (or what she assumed was the first, since they all looked the same) sphincter she'd opened, she reinserted her finger into its hole and waited for it to open to its fullest before tentatively making her way through.

After she had stepped through, though, the sphincter quickly closed shut, making Krista wonder why it was so fast to close this time around when it had stayed open for a little while before and had closed so slowly and quietly that she hadn't even noticed. It was then that she noticed the walls, floor, and ceiling begin to lightly quiver as if with anticipation, similar to what had happened in the last room she was in. {Aw, shit! It's happening already?!} she cursed as she quickly planned a path to the next sphincter and how she would dodge out of the way of any tentacle-holes that might appear along the way.

{If I can get to the next room before anything grabs me, maybe I'll be safe.} With that hope in mind, Krista dashed over to the sphincter to her right and jammed her index finger into its hole...only for nothing to happen. "WHAT?!" she loudly exclaimed at the unfair, cheating sphincter that refused to grant her an exit. Unwilling to accept the truth of the matter, she repeatedly rammed her finger in and out of the sphincter's hole, generating a small amount of heat from the friction but little else in the way of results. {Whelp...I'm fucked,} she thought as she stopped her fruitless fingering and turned back towards the room's center, resigning herself to the lascivious attentions it was about to give her.

As before, numerous holes began to spontaneously open up in the flesh walls all around her, and though she knew that it was going to happen, Krista found herself watching the extraordinary occurrence intently, still trying to figure out how this place worked. {The way the holes form doesn't look like tears in space-time, so I doubt they're any type of worm hole,} she thought as she inspected one of the holes on the wall right next to the sphincter she was just prodding. {Perhaps a better way to think of it is that the muscle-like tissue that makes up this structure is able to spontaneously tear itself, like a normal muscle when you exercise, and then instantly heal itself after the tentacles are retracted.}

As she peered into the hole, but this time without her smartphone and from an angle to as to not risk having her eye poked like what nearly happened last time, she saw the characteristic writhing happening within, indicating a tentacle was about to pop out. But when it did, it wasn't like the tentacles that she had encountered before: Whereas the previous tentacles that had had their way with her were "simple", being little more than fleshy ropes, this one (and all the other tentacles that began popping out of the walls) was actually more like a long, slender tongue! Even though she had discarded her previous theory that this place was trying to digest her, seeing all of these "tongue tentacles" (tongtacles as she decided to call them) gave her pause to reconsider it.

Just as before, the protruding tongtacles waved about in the air all around Krista, as if begging for a taste of her when she would inevitably brush past one of them. Deciding to try a little experiment while she could, Krista puckered up, took in a deep breath, and blew a puff of air at the nearest tongtacle, trying to gauge their sensitivity to indirect contact. As soon as the air struck the tongtacle, it immediately whipped around and managed to find her mouth, the source of the air disturbance, and plunged itself right in between her lips. Krista's eyes went wide at both the speed/accuracy of the tongtacle, but also at suddenly finding herself engrossed in the most tongue-filled french kiss she'd ever experienced.

The long, thrashing tongtacle began forcefully exploring the recesses of her mouth and throat, causing her gag reflex to nearly kick in. She managed to keep it in check, though in hindsight she probably should have just vomited on the thing to teach it a lesson. After an uncomfortable moment of having an unscheduled oral exam, Krista noticed that the tongtacle seemed to calm down, and went from feeling around her mouth to just playing with her tongue, occasionally also poking the insides of her cheeks and making them bulge slightly, but not painfully. Where the tongtacle entered, it alternated from swirling around and wetting her lips with its slime/saliva (slimiva? salime? she wasn't sure which one sounded better) to vigorously pumping in and out of her mouth and tickling the rim of her lips with its motions.

"Mmf!" Krista said (or tried to say) as she found the lip and tongue stimulation had started to kick in her arousal. {Damn. I didn't know my mouth was such a huge erogenous zone,} she thought as she tried to open her mouth wide and pull away from the intrusive proboscis, only to have another tongtacle wrap around her slightly (borderline!) plump neck, and despite its slippery nature it was able to maintain a surprisingly good hold on her. Just as she was about to grab both tongtacles with her hands, more of the surrounding tongtacles zoned in on her, catching her arms, legs, and torso and holding her fast.

{Guess I'm in for a real...TONGUE lashing,} she thought with a wince of mental pain at her own pun, trying to maintain her mental faculties any way she could while she could, before the waves of pleasure made thinking difficult. {And given how the rest of these reacted when I only touched and received stimulation from one, that tells me that there is definitely some sort of collective consciousness or central intellect uniting and guiding them, so I can rule out this thing I'm inside as being some sort of ignorant beast that doesn't know or understand what it's doing.}

As she reached this conclusion while several tongtacles began squirming their way under her clothes towards her breasts and nether regions, she watched in muffled silence as the sphincter on the wall opposite of her actually opened up all on its own. {Oh, NOW they open up!} Krista thought with an eye-roll and a grunt of frustration at the seemingly comedic timing of it all. But when she noticed that there was apparently a humanoid figure standing on the other side, her eyes widened in realization (and/or arousal as the tongtacles under her clothes had finally found their marks) that she wasn't alone in this place, as she could tell from the curves of the silhouette that the other person was definitely another woman. While she watched, the other woman in the adjacent room seemed to be unsure if she wanted to enter this room or not, as her body language of cupping one elbow with her hand while the other hand was at her face would indicate.

Just as the sphincter was starting to close while this other woman was thinking, Krista became overwhelmed with the thought of having to endure this place all on her own, and found that she would much rather have somebody, ANYBODY else's company while she worked towards her escape. Despite the tongtacles working their devilish magic on all her right spots (which she noted they were already aware of and didn't need to experiment on her to find, meaning that these were definitely all connected with the previous room's tentacles), Krista fiercely shook her head, opened her mouth and lips wide, and literally tongue jousted with the tongtacle that had been having its way with her mouth, all for the split-second it took for her to call out, "Don't leave, please!"

In that moment, just before the sphincter had completely shut, Krista saw a dark-skinned fist actually PUNCH into the quickly shrinking hole, violently stopping its closure and plugging it with the wrist of the person on the other side. As Krista's mouth was intruded upon by two tongtacles at the same time, whilst the other ones were eagerly lapping and sliding all over her erogenous zones, she watched as the ebony fist opened and grabbed the sphincter, quickly followed by the woman's other hand working its way in alongside it. They then pulled open the struggling muscle until it was wide enough to allow the hands' owner to perform a combat-roll into the room and into the fray of the tongtacles that were eagerly tasting Krista where she stood.

Before Krista stood, in what looked to be a martial arts stance, a 183 centimeters tall African-American woman with a stern look on her face, framed by curly, unkempt black hair that wasn't too terribly long and looked like it hadn't been trimmed properly, if at all. Her bust size was just as intimidating as her height was, being somewhere around a 30F-cup at least, and from what Krista could see from looking at her, her rear was just as curvy as her front was. She was dressed in a green, camouflage, military uniform, or at least the remnants of one; there were multiple holes torn into it, as well as quite a few of the buttons were clearly missing since she didn't bother having neither the top nor the pants buttoned up. She wasn't wearing any shoes or boots, though she did still sport a pair of thick brown socks with green tips and heals on her feet.

Looking into the stranger's dark brown eyes, Krista thought she would cry tears of happiness that she had actually come to her rescue...if only more tongtacles hadn't started entangling her mere moments after she entered the room. To be fair, though, she didn't just stand there and let it happen, actually trying to punch and kick at the poking and prodding appendages, though her efforts were ultimately in vain. Try as she might to swat away any tongtacle that got close enough, she couldn't protect herself in her blind spots, and when being attacked from a nearly 360 degree radius blind spots are inevitable. One tongtacle flicked her right nipple here, another lapping at her groin there...with each successful contact made on this woman's body she let out small grunt of frustration, and as the success rate of the tongtacles began to slowly increase the grunts became unwilling moans in equal measure.

After several minutes of this martial arts spectacle (during which Krista was struggling between becoming aroused and being impressed), the other woman's stamina seemed to be running out at last, as her skilled combative movements started to show signs of slowing and the tongtacles were scoring many more consecutive hits on her that were also lasting seconds longer before she could bat them away. At last, her arms and legs became ensnared by the tireless tongtacles, and she was held in place just like Krista was. As Krista watched, the no-longer countered tongtacles descended upon the military woman as one, and quickly began taking their collective revenge on her for all the physical assaults she had dished out on them: Three or four of them rammed into her mouth, muffling her angry cries as they roughly had their ways with her mouth and throat, her cheeks puffing out and shifting from the intense movements within; another four went for her ears, two a piece, with one on each side burrowing inside while the other two lapped vigorously at her lobes and behind her ears; Krista didn't even bother trying to count how many went for the woman's breasts, nipples, and armpits, there were so many and all moving in a feeding frenzy across her upper torso, at first sliding beneath her shirt but soon pulling it up and revealing her hefty bosom and dark nipples to the mass of lapping tongtacles; a more countable number of them (that number being four) pulled down her trousers and went to town on her nethers, but then Krista realized that those were just the ones IN FRONT, whereas behind her there was another massive number coming out of the woodwork to slurp and tongue-lash her behind; and several more joined the ones restraining her legs and took to pulling off her socks, at which point they then wriggled in between her toes as well as took to licking her pink soles.

All this intense stimulation seemed to be getting the new tongtacle toy aroused and nearing climax fairly quickly, so much so that Krista wondered which of them would wind up cumming first. During all of this, the tongtacles had been giving Krista the tongue-lashing of a lifetime, at all her newly discovered weak points, but had been going at a much more moderate pace and nowhere near the intensity that the other ones were going with the other woman. {Ugh...ma...maybe it's becaaaAAAAH...because..because she fought back...} she deduced as she began to feel close to reaching her second climax that she would have in this place. {Sh-she seems...mmf!...very experienced with this...oooh...this place, ju-jugs—I mean, judging by her actions and lack of surp-p-prise...} she thought, momentarily getting distracted by the sight of the other woman's large breasts getting moved around in circular motions by the tongtacles encircled around them.

"Mmm...mmm...MMMM!" both women hummed loudly through their french-kissing muffles, each reaching her own climax within moments of each other, so close that Krista could not tell for the life of her who "won" their impromptu race. Not that she really cared, at the moment: She was once more engulfed in the blissful sensation that is orgasm, and for a moment nothing else seemed to really matter. Except for the repeated sensation that she wasn't sure what the source was; it was like some of her pleasure wasn't fully reaching her, if that made any sense. {Like it's...umm...ah, I don't know...being siphoned?} she struggled to try and quantify what she was experiencing while she could, but ultimately failing. {Well, I'm sure that won't be the last orgasm I have here, so I'm certain I'll have PLENTY of opportunities to finally figure it out.}

Having been slowly laid down on the floor by the retreating tongtacles, the two woman rested near each other, each breathing heavily and trying to catch their breaths and resume a normal heart-rate. The other woman was the first to pull herself up off her back, bracing herself on her left elbow and facing Krista with a somewhat dazed look on her saliva dripping face. "So...you didn't want me to leave, and now I'm here," she said in a thick British accent while using her right arm's sleeve to wipe off her lips and chin. "Now what?"