 {Now what, she asks...} Krista thought to herself as she did her best to drag herself up off the floor and onto her right elbow, so as to better face the other woman. She was still feeling a bit exhausted from having two fierce orgasms thrust upon her within so short a time, and was a bit amazed at the other woman's considerable stamina. Given that she entered the room swinging, was made to climax incredibly fast and hard, and had gotten off the floor first to initiate conversation, Krista concluded, {That military uniform definitely isn't just for show.}

"Um, hi," Krista started somewhat sheepishly after propping herself up. Even though they both had the same experience just now, she still felt a bit embarrassed having came in front of another woman, let alone one she knew nothing about. "My name is Krista Sullivan. Uh, thank you for staying and not leaving. And I'm sorry that you had to go through that."

Much to Krista's surprise, the other woman, despite looking so stern and angry when she first entered the room, actually gave a soft smile as she replied in her British accent, "Pretty name, love. I'm Amari Williams, Sergeant in the Ground Forces Branch of the United Earth Military." She paused for a moment, looking herself over in her tattered, salimva (Krista had settled on) soaked uniform. "Well, perhaps it would be more accurate to say WAS a Sergeant in the UEM. Now that I'm stuck in this fucking fuck-pit, I don't think my rank has much meaning anymore." Amari looked a bit downcast upon saying that, which Krista was quick to pick up on.

"I think it still has meaning," Krista reassured the Amazonian woman before her. "You worked hard to get that rank, yes? Then it still has meaning to you, and that's all the meaning you need."

Upon hearing her comforting words, Amari visibly perked up and looked at her with admiration in her eyes. Krista was no psychic, but she could tell from the other woman's expression that those simple words had touched her deeply and meant a lot to her. "Scuse me a moment," Amari said while quickly shifting off her left elbow and over to her right, now facing away from Krista. "I've got some of that slimy gunk in me eyes."

Krista smiled at Amari's visible embarrassment, thinking it kind of cute. "So, how did you end up in...wherever here is, Amari?" she asked after giving her a moment to dry her watering eyes and compose herself.

"Oh, now that's a WONDERFUL tale, let me tell you," Amari said after facing Krista again, her nose still sniffling a little bit. "Sure you want to hear it? I oughtta warn you that it doesn't have a very happy ending, though I'm sure you could of guessed that much."

"Yes, please do," Krista prompted her while sitting up off the floor, so as to get into a more comfortable position. "The more I can learn about this...whatever it is, even if from the smallest clues, the better our chances will be of finding a means to get out!"

"Get out? You mean you actually think you can come up with a way to get out of this shite hole?" Amari asked while also getting off the ground onto her hands and knees, her face aimed right at Krista with eyes wide open in disbelief.

"Well, I hope I can, though I'm not completely sure," Krista admitted while shuffling back a little from the intimidating woman's expectant stare. "I don't have nearly enough information to say positively one way or another. So that's why anything you can tell me, anything at all, would be a huge leap in the right direction of figuring all of this out."

"In that case, listen up and listen well, Sullivan!" Amari said as she sat back onto her rear and crossed her legs. "I'll tell you every last thing I know about the wretched place, right down to the last detail."

"Okay, thank you. And please, call me Krista. May I call you 'Amari'?" Krista asked.

"Oh, sure. Sorry 'bout that, love. After being in the military for 'bout five years, you get used to addressing everyone by their last names only," Amari explained while lightly plucking on the shoulder of her uniform, upon which was emblazoned the UEM symbol: A holographic of the Earth that would spin showing different sides of the globe (depending on how you looked at it), surrounded by a crimson banner that boldly proclaimed in gold lettering "HOMO HOMINI PRIMUM ET USQUE IN AETERNUM" ("Humans First and Forever"), against a dark blue background with a ring of twelve white stars surrounding it.

"Now, as for how I got here...

***

"I had just picked up Sergeant at my previous unit, which was basically a peace keeping and reconstruction operation over in the Region of Nigeria. Before I could even get nice and settled in my new leadership position, new orders came in that requested that someone from my unit, the 5th Expeditionary and Engineering Force, be selected for some sort of 'human resources' mission. I had no idea what that meant, but it peaked my interest, so I decided to volunteer, before some butter-bar or higher would voluntell someone else to go.

"So I pack up some of the basics, not really knowing how long I'll be fapped out to on this mystery mission, and head off on the first plane to God knows where. They didn't give me any details about where I was headed, but assured me that I'd only be with this unit for a few weeks, tops; I was just to be a filler to replace some poor bloke who got into an accident of some sort and was laid up in a hospital, recovering. I didn't bother making a stink about not knowing where I was being assigned, as with this line of work you don't really have much choice most of the time anyhow as to where you go or what you do. Though in hindsight, maybe I should have asked a few more questions.

"Anyways, I eventually land at some shitty little makeshift UEM airport, after which point I'm taken to meet me temporary XO. He seemed alright enough, for a butter-bar: Clean appearance, polite despite his higher rank, a real class act for an officer. But THEN he takes me to meet me new CO, and boy was this guy the exact opposite: Out of shape and barely fitting in his uniform, messy hair and an unshaven face, and one of the rudest tossers I've ever had the displeasure of meeting, let alone working for. He made no secret that he was eye-fucking me the moment I stepped into his office. If the XO hadn't been there, bloody fat bastard might have tried to actually fuck me!

"After I had to endure that wanking excuse for a commanding officer's 'welcome to the unit' (fucking fatass couldn't even be bothered to stand up from his desk), I got a proper briefing from the XO as to what I'd be doing: Turns out the 'human resources' description of the mission was just as straight forward as its name implied, since what this unit did was go through a Region's local populace and basically take a census of every man, woman, and child. Only thing is, it seemed like the main focus of our unit was to be the women, which I found rather odd, admittedly, but like I said: You just go and do as you're told in this line of work.

"So I do my job, helping to round up women of all ages, shapes, and sizes, so that my XO and another sergeant can perform these intel-gathering interviews, with the XO asking the questions, the other sergeant acting as a translator (we were apparently in some South American Region, and I don't know a lick of ol' Es-pan-iol), and me acting as the friendly feminine face that helps the ladies feel at ease around the other, primarily male military folk. It's all going alright for the most part, and I didn't see anything wrong or suspicious going on at all.

"But then one day this older Hispanic lady comes up to me while I'm standing my post outside the building used for interviews, and she's screaming something at me and crying and making one helluva scene. I tried me best to calm her down, but she wasn't havin' none of it, so I got the other sergeant, the translator, to come and help me get a handle on the situation. He comes out, exchanges a few words with the old lady, and after seemingly placating her and sending her on her way says to me, 'She's accusing us of kidnapping her daughter. Can you believe these backwater bumpkins?'

"I asked him to clarify what exactly she meant by that, but he just dismissed the whole thing and told me not to concern myself with what the 'foolish, superstitious locals were trying to blame us for'. Well, that didn't sit right with me, not one bloody bit. I, admittedly, may not be all that smart, and haven't had the best of luck when it comes to using me brains, but even I could tell something was fishy, and when I'm able to put two-and-two together that easily then you KNOW something's gone tits up.

"So that night, after everyone's supposed to be in their shitty bunks for the evenin', I manage to make me way out with me smartphone, find where that old lady was living, and did me best to talk with her using a translation app. It weren't easy, but after a few minutes we managed to work out some semblance of communication with each other, and I was able to hear her side of it. She said that her daughter, a twenty-something single woman whom she didn't allow to have a boyfriend, came to us with her for the census we was doing. But immediately after they were done, that CO son of a bitch told the old lady to go home without her daughter, claiming that something had been discovered in the course of their interview and she needed to be detained for a little while. Well, a little while turned into a long while, and despite multiple pleas to the local United Earth governor nothing was being done to try and find her daughter. It was as if she had just vanished off the face of the Earth, and nobody was doing a damned thing about it! Oh, and as if that weren't all, according to the old lady her daughter weren't the only one, as there had been several other women and girls that had gone missing, conveniently after they came to us for the census.

"I was naturally suspicious that that fatso CO of mine was doing some sort of human trafficking or some other underhanded, shady shite, so I went ahead and confronted him directly, demanding to know what had happened to the women that had gone missing. He looked quite surprised that I'd not only managed to discover whatever it was he was doing, but also that I confronted his fatass directly without going through the proper channels. I thought for sure that this stunt may cost me my new rank, but I didn't give a shite; this kind of evil, despicable behavior is unbecoming a UEM officer, or any decent person, for that matter, and I wasn't going to stand for it.

"Much to my own surprise, he was actually quite accommodating, or so it seemed, with answering my question, though he said that he couldn't do it properly there, and that he'd need to take me to where the women were being sent in order for me to actually understand. While I didn't trust the tosser for the life of me, I figured that he couldn't do anything to me that I wasn't prepared for, what with my 3rd degree black belt in Military Mixed Martial Arts. So we got on the first plane out of there and flew to some Region in North America, though I don't know where exactly. It was somewhere in the middle of the continent, I can tell you that much, since there weren't no big bodies of water anywhere in sight when we were landing.

"We arrived at this big, domed building, looking relatively new (or at least new enough that it didn't show any signs that it had been around during the War) and pretty isolated out in the middle of nowhere. He has me follow him in, while I'm still armed (never leave your rifle at your base, especially when dealing with shite-bags), and begins to give me the backstory of the facility.

"It was constructed not long after the War came to a close, when some object fell from space and landed in the then USA's backyard. What was left of the US government didn't know what to do about it, but that became mute as the 'new/old powers-that-be', whatever that means, soon took over and united the world under one government. They had received some intel about what it was and how to deal with it, calling it a 'Libido Box' and claiming that it needed to be offered sexually mature, non-braindead women on a semi-regular basis, or else it would destroy the world or some shite.

"I didn't really buy into what the lardass wanker said...up until he showed me the bloody thing. It looked like the exterior to these rooms we're in: a perfectly cubical chunk of pulsing meat, though without the asshole doors on each side. It was rather large, a bit bigger than what one of these rooms is, but nowhere near as large as it SHOULD be, given how many bloody rooms I've been through while trying to find my way out. That piece of shite CO even claimed that it used to be smaller, about a meter long on each side, but it had managed to grow bigger when it wasn't given an 'offering' on time.

"Even with a weirdass threat to the world like this, I couldn't believe that our world's new government would be willingly sacrificing women to it just to save their own hides. He assured me that women that were taken by this thing were eventually returned, though there was no set amount of time that they were gone for, and that though they came back alive and in one piece, they were actually somewhat mentally broken from whatever they experienced within for however long they were stuck in it.

"I was about to demand that he take me to the women that were brought here so that I could release them when suddenly some alarms start going off and I see these tentacles start manifesting on the Libido Box, wriggling about and feeling for something. He tells me that means it's time for another offering to be made, and I watch as what looks like a woman is brought in on a stretcher with a white sheet covering her from head to toe. He tells me that I can try and save her, though it might mean the end of the world if I do. I didn't even think twice, as I ran over to her while firing off a couple of rounds into the bloody angular meatbox, but to no effect. The tentacles it had deployed had already made their way under the sheet and were feeling around, so in desperation I jumped on top of the stretcher and started bashing the tentacles that were crawling under there with the butt of my rifle, which seemed to get their attention and make them fall back for a moment.

"Once the nasty buggers were gone, I hopped off the stretcher and tried to rouse what I thought was an unconscious woman up so she could get away, only to discover that it was actually a fucking mannequin all along! That dead-man-walking CO of mine came waddling up and explains that for my act of treason against the whole of humanity, I would be the next offering given to the Libido Box, and that he would look forward to seeing me again after it spat me back out. I had had enough of his bullshite at this point, so I was about to aim my rifle at him and empty my magazine into his lardass when suddenly the tentacles caught me from behind and restrained me.

"Several of them held me arms and legs in place, including my rifle with the muzzle pointed nowhere near that bloody CO, while others made their ways to me tits, arse, and snatch, and started rubbing me all over. Since joining the UEM, and even before, I hadn't had much alone time to handle my sexual needs, so I'll admit that the bloody buggers managed to get me wet right quick, though I didn't like having that done against me will, not one bit. But after they got the results they were looking for, they start pulling me back towards the Libido Box, arse first! I struggled as best I could, even tried to aim my rifle at the tentacles binding me, but they held me and me weapon fast, and I couldn't get away or get a decent shot in for nothing.

"Just before I was sucked in, when I was about halfway with me torso still sticking out, that CO, whom I swear to GOD I will fucking murder as soon as I get the chance, waddles his fatass up to me and helps himself to a couple of handfuls of me tits, squeezing them as roughly as he likes even while those damned tentacles are already having their own go at them. He then tells me that if I had been a bit 'nicer, maybe I could have avoided this fate', to which I then tried to spit in his fugly face, only to have another tentacle up and ram itself in me mouth before the spit could properly leave it. The last thing I felt as me head was sucked into the Box was him giving me nips the harshest twisting I've ever had. God, I can't wait to fuckin' kill him!

***

"After I was sucked in completely, I felt kind of dizzy and disoriented for a bit, and then the next thing I knew I was spat out into one of these rooms, and I've been here ever since," Amari said, concluding her tale.

"Wow! I'm so sorry that you had to go through all of that, Amari," Krista said with a look of sadness and concern on her face. "If that had been me, I would have given in to crippling levels of depression after getting here. I'd probably just curl up into a ball and cry until I was returned back home."

"Yeah, that was a pretty fucked up thing to have happen to me," Amari admitted, again looking downcast for a moment. "But if there's one thing me big sis taught me is to never let the evils and fucked up shite of this world get you down, no matter what! 'When life gives you lemons, Amari, you squirt those lemons back in life's eyes and tell them you want a soda!' Hahaha!" The two women shared a hearty laugh at Amari's sister's unique spin on an old saying, before Amari once again looked down and quietly said, "I miss her."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Krista said as she quickly calmed her own laughter upon seeing her new comrade's dower expression. "Was she...lost in the War?"

"Yeah, she was," Amari said with a solemn nod. "Was in the Royal Air Force, and died a hero saving millions. I was...I am so very proud of her, and I wanted to join the same branch of service. But after all the world's militaries became the UEM that was no longer an option, so I just joined the Ground Forces Branch, figuring that I would move on to the Air Forces Branch later in my career if I felt up to it. Well, so much for that..." she said with an exasperated look at her surroundings.

Upon hearing Amari speak of her sister, Krista decided it would be okay to confide in her Krista's own story for how she wound up in this situation. She reckoned that after they had both known each others' stories then maybe they could put the pieces of this mysterious place together and begin figuring out how to leave.