 Wow, this is going on longer then I’d thought. Not quite the finale yet, but enjoyable. Almost all sex in this one, so enjoy, the next one is going to have to be almost all plot development.

The day had come and Hate, the vampires, and other assorted people of the night and evening slept. For some this sleep was deep and rejuvenating, especially for the vampires who had no control over the sleep that possessed them. But for Hate it was not as sound. His dreams were always nightmares, and although they did not scare him, they did keep him from reaching that level of true, deep sleep.

He awoke at about noon with a jolt. It was fairly early for him, but not uncommon. His body was stretched out over the bed in the motel-room, arms splayed to the sides and legs crooked at the knees. His cock was as stiff as a rock, jutting straight up into the air. He reached downward to it and lifted his head, closing fingers around thick shaft and beginning to pump it gently.

He laid his head back down as he continued to tight-fisted jerk his member into the air. After a moment he released his cock from his hand and growled, sitting up again. He could rarely get off from masturbation anymore.

He looked around the room. All traces of the trucker from the night before had been removed. Hate had the ultimate in forensic clean up, being able to disintegrate bodies and pretty much any material he had too. It had been exhausting though, and he had fallen asleep early.

Now he was awake and horny. As the room was filled with light, he guessed it to be early to mid afternoon. It would be awhile before those fucking vampires woke up, so he would have some time to find some pussy.

The question at hand, of course, was where this pussy was to be found. Hate was new to this town, and he didn’t know it’s haunts well at all. He supposed it would be easy enough to find some whores, but he decidingly hated paying for sex, even if he was only going to kill the girl afterwards.

He slid around and got out of bed. A quick glance located his jeans and he went to them, putting them on, along with his shoes.

Then he walked to the door, and stepped outside. The light was bright and annoying, so one hand went to his brow to shield his eyes, the other grasping the handle to the door and shutting it.

He paused for a few moments, letting his eyes adjust more clearly to the light. Now, if I were a slut, where would I be? He leaned back against the door, contemplating this question. A cigarette was drawn from a pocket, and he flipped a zippo out from the opposite, lighting the cancerous cylinder.

Where do the most worthless people congregate? He thought.

* * * * *

Cynthia Alvarado and Sheila McCreary were friends, and they were both girls, but that was about where the similarities ended. They had grown up on the same street, and thus due to proximity had remained close 

Cynthia was Hispanic and had always been the more attractive of the two. The ringlets of her black hair cascaded down to mid-back and framed her thin face. Brows were drawn on with a slight arch over mocha-brown eyes, and full lips were done up in purple lipstick that was found attractive or gaudy, depending on who was looking.

Her skin was the color of caramel, and free of blemish, exposed completely from her face all the way down to the large swells of her bosom, currently threatening to spill out from her body-hugging tube-top.

Voluptuous ass swayed in a mini-skirt that ended just where the upward curve of her rear began, and revealed long, toned legs, bare of any clothing, the smooth flesh exposed to any who would look.

Sheila was thin in a manner that was not attractive; almost emancipated. The lack of weight was from starvation as opposed to exercise and diet. Being more specific, she had a small, sharp face with no obvious features that might be used to define her. Dirty blonde hair was shorn short, worn with no design, sticking a few inches out of her head at odd intervals.

A t-shirt covered her upper-half, outlining her thin shoulders and small chest, her breasts only subtle rises raising the cloth. Jeans covered the bottom, and the rest of her was as unimpressive; thin legs and sharp, bony hips.

Walking through the mall as they were, many eyes fell in their general direction. Of course, all of these eyes were looking at one of two things. Cynthia’s ass, or if they were ahead of the girls, then Cynthia’s tits.

“God, why do we even come here anymore? I hate all these staring dicks,” Sheila said.

Cynthia smirked, tilting her head down slightly too look at Sheila. She was a few inches taller. “I know, baby, but you know that I happen to love the staring,” she said, then added, “and the dicks.”

“Well, I’m not going to mess with any mall rat you find,” Sheila said with some anger, looking back up to her companion, eyes flashing. “Why am I not good enough for you?”

Cynthia stopped walking, grabbing Sheila by the shoulders and turning her so they faced each other. “I’ve told you baby, you are enough. I love you, you know that. I just want to love some other people too. But you’re always first.” She leaned down, and pressed her soft lips against Sheila’s thin, unsmiling mouth.

For a moment there was no response, but then Sheila’s mouth kissed back, and opened, sending her tongue just a bit forward where it was met with Cynthia’s. The kiss was enough to dissolve Sheila’s fight. She had no attraction to men, and further, she loved Cynthia, and had for as long as she remembered. Nothing would please her more then existing in a monogamous relationship with the other girl.

Cynthia loved Sheila, but was not absolved of the attraction to men. Sheila was the only girl for her, the only love, but she could not stop from roaming. She needed sex, hot sex, with good looking guys. Although Sheila argued with her about this need every so often, Cynthia knew she held the cards, and so she used them whenever she pleased.

The lesbian kiss lasted for at least a minute, and drew the eyes of several of the mall’s customers. Hate was among them.

* * * * * * “What the fuck is this?” Hate asked as he watched the scene, a slice of Sbarro’s cheese pizza held in one hand, drawn a few inches away from his mouth.

He watched and took a bite. His member was still rock hard and he had yet to find any relief. The scene of homosexual love was not encouraging. He took another bite and set his slice back on the plate, watching the two women, one attractive and one not, as they finished their embrace.

* * * * * *

“Are we okay, babe?” Cynthia asked.

“Yeah. Go ahead and find some dick,” Sheila said with a sigh.

Cynthia smiled, and then turned her eyes to the food court. She hadn’t really seen a guy that met with her expectations, as low as they were. She hadn’t really been looking though, having spent most of her time convincing Sheila that this entire idea wasn’t out of the question. Well, you she never knew when her girlfriend might have a change of heart, so she quickly looked out to the food court. Wouldn’t you know, Hate was the first boy who caught her brown eye.

Hate was attractive, most girls would think so. He had the sharp features and the perfectly symmetrical face that could easily land him a modeling job. He wasn’t too big, but that wasn’t a problem, he was just thin, and there was a little bit of practical muscle on him.

“Oh God, not that guy,” Sheila moaned as Cynthia locked in and began moving towards Hate. The boy himself just smiled as the attractive dark-skinned beauty made her way towards him, followed close in tow by what Hate regarded as a more classic lesbian; ugly. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms behind his head.

“Hey there, ladies.” He said with quiet ease as they neared him.

“Hello yourself,” purred Cynthia, pulling up a chair and dropped herself into it. Sheila remained a small distance behind. “I’m Cynthia.”

“I’m Frank Castle,” Hate responded, not giving his chosen name. He decided this girl might take too much warning from his namesake, despite the palpable lust that hung around her body. His gaze had moved from her face to her cleavage, where they remained.

“Like something you see, Frank?” Cynthia asked, enjoying his wandering eye.

Hate knew the girl was horny. He could quite literally smell the sex on her. He leaned forward and stood from his chair, a hand pushing forward and slipping down the front of Cynthia’s top, greasy ( from the Pizza ) fingers finding her large, soft tit and giving it a tight squeeze.

Sheila gasped at the brazenness of it, and even Cynthia was about to give some shocked dismay, but she was quieted suddenly with a vision. Hate opened her eyes to the pleasure she would experience, not wasting time with words of seduction.

Cynthia saw herself, and the boy calling himself Frank, in a variety of quick, lurid situations. First she was on her back, the boy on top, breath hot on her face as he held himself above her, pounding down into her slick cunt.

The next she was bent over, screaming to God as he reamed her from behind. In reality Hate’s fingers found a hard, thick nipple and tweaked it. He shot his mental pleasure through the girl, and she raised both her hands to cover her mouth,

Her orgasm was quick and shocking. Her thighs spasmed as she creamed her panties, biting down on her fingers to keep from calling out. It ended quickly, and Hate pulled his hand from her shirt.

Sheila walked up and touched the side of Cynthia’s bare shoulder. “Let’s get out of here,” she said, with some anger in her voice.

“Okay. But he’s coming with us.”

Sheila protested, but it wasn’t long before the three of them were back at Cynthia’s apartment.

* * * * * *

Sheila turned the TV up louder, but it was to no avail. Cynthia wouldn’t stop screaming from the other room. Muffled cries of “fuck me!” and the usual cries to deities could not be contained.

Sheila was pissed. She wish she had a stronger spine, but Cynthia always managed to convince her to do what she wanted. Her lips curled down into a frown as she thought about the entire situation.

She was in the middle of inspired thinking of the future of herself and Cynthia’s relationship when she noticed a curiosity. She was soaking wet. “What the fuck?” She muttered the question.

This was very strange. But then, was it? She had been thinking of the fucking in the back of her mind. She couldn’t escape it; the sounds were loud and the smell was wafting in from the door.

She thought maybe she was just curious. She had never been with a guy, after all. A mixture of want and jealousy rose up in her so quickly she was stunned. Suddenly it was clear to her. She could settle everything if she just walked into the room and joined in.

She wasn’t quite sure of how she came to this conclusion, but she suddenly decided that she didn’t care. She stood up and walked to the door, opening it and stepping inside.

* * * * * *

Hate was thoroughly enjoying Cynthia. She had gobbled his cock down her pretty little throat on the way here, and now she was taking it in her pussy just like she ought too.

But still, it was just one slut. That was fun, but no accomplishment. He wanted the dyke too.

So, all through the banging, he had begun to feel out to Sheila, get into her head, and fill her with want.

The girl could’ve resisted, if she was strong. If she was true to her convictions, there would’ve been no problem.

Hate found her armor had chinks, however, and he capitalized on them. He had left her mind now, certain of his success.

* * * * * *

Sheila walked in on the most animalistic sex scene she had ever witnessed. Her lover was on all fours. Behind her was Hate, on all fours as well, mercilessly fucking her in true doggy-style, his body over hers, legs right behind her own, hands covering her hands.

Cynthia’s black ringlets were absolutely soaked with sweat, plastered to her head and back. Her lips were smeared with cum, and a thick wad was drying on her cheek.

Large, brown tits hung from her body, jerking forward and then back with each thrust of the boy.

“Oh, fuck. Uh!” She called out, giving a dull grunt or expletive every time Hate’s thick cock slammed into her. As Sheila entered both her face and the boy’s raised to look at her, but neither of them said anything, or made any effort to stop the hard banging.

Sheila began to undress. Her t-shirt was pulled up and over her head with no further ado, revealing her thin stomach and small, pale breasts. She unbuckled and unbuttoned her jeans, allowing them to fall to the ground, stepping from them.

Bending over she removed her shoes, but left her socks on.

Hate decided, while he was fucking Cynthia’s well used, slick cunt, that Sheila wasn’t as bad as he first thought. Indeed, she wasn’t a very pretty girl, but her body wasn’t all that bad, despite being thinner than even he usually liked.

Her breasts had a gentle, natural downward slope from the top, hanging as they would without a bra. The bottom swell was nice though, in stark contrast to reed-thin chest, raising up and bringing her nipple to a slight tilt, the hard, rose colored nub looking quite appetizing.

Over her slit, which Hate imagined was an extremely tight fit, was a sparse patch of blonde pubic hair, trim and nice. He would enjoy filling her, especially if she was truly a virgin.

“Ahh! Cumming!” Cynthia screamed as Hate pounded her in mid thrust. Her pussy spasmed, and warm girl-cum washed down over his thick member. He continued to fuck himself into her during her orgasm, picking up a quicker, maddening pace until he himself was near.

As her orgasm dwindled down, Hate pulled out of her. He pumped his thick, wet shaft in one hand, and the other smacked down brutally on the top of one of her cheeks. Specks of sweat flew off that round, ample ass, and left a reddening hand-print on it. It also set that luscious backside to a deliciously evil jiggle, and on that shaking, tan ass Hate shot his load.

She had screeched in pain when he slapped her, but then cooed when his warm seed splattered on her. Hate watched with glee as white streams of sperm landed on her brown ass, the contrast between the pearly cum and her dark flesh aesthetically mind-blowing.

The pleasure racked through him, and he let it run it’s course, eyes becoming slits. Thick wads continued to rain down on her backside, running in rivulets down to the crack of her ass and running in a small river of white.

Sheila had moved closer to the too, her wetness running down her thigh as she become more aroused than she ever had in her entire life. Hate snapped forward and grabbed her by the back of the neck the moment she got in range, lowering her close down to her friends ass. Sheila’s nostrils were filled with the strong scent of Hate’s seed and her friends familiar, if overly strong, musk.

“Clean her.” The boy commanded, and she did so. Her tongue pushed forward, catching sweat and cum on the tip, and she took it past her lips, swallowing. She had never tasted semen before, and strong taste drove her lust up even another notch.

She plunged her mouth over Cynthia, slurping and sucking up the widely spread sperm, then finally moving her mouth to the crack of her ass, tongue extending it’s furthest and licking all the way down, following that river of cum and sucking it all down her pale throat. “Mmmmmmm, God.”

Hate yanked her up from tonguing her friend, and grabbed Cynthia by her hair as well. Now, they were completely under his terrible influence, given to the pleasures of the flesh. “On your knees, both of you.” They complied. Sheila lowered herself before Hate’s curved member, and Cynthia moved behind him.

The first girl’s tongue moved over his cock, licking and lapping down the big shaft, putting small kisses along it. Despite her lust, she was still a little apprehensive, it would seem, about accepting him inside her.

Cynthia was having no problems on her end. Her hands planted firmly on Hate’s rear, and spread his cheeks just slightly. Her tongue pushed out between full lips, and she began to lick him. First all around, and then her tongue pushed forward, just the tip, into his ass.

The strange feeling of a rim-job saturated Hate’s senses, and he needed relief yet again. He gently took the top of Sheila’s head in his hands, and guided her kissing lips to the head. She knew what he wanted. As her lover tongued out the lord of evil’s backside, her mouth opened to take his dick.

Once he was passed her lips, Hate slammed forward and drove his member down the girl’s throat. Her eye’s widened, and her hands pressed on Hate’s thighs, but he did not relent.

“Hey!” Cynthia yelled as Hate’s body was pulled forward, and then buried her face into his backside, tongue dancing and exploring.

Cynthia was full of cock. Her lips were stretched lewdly around the wide base of Hate’s members. Her eyes bulged slightly and she stared up at him with alarm. Her small hands formed into fists and she pounded lightly on his abdomen, her air having in affect been cut off.

Hate held it there for several moments. She pushed hard on his thighs, and suddenly began to choke. Since there was no air around, her mouth and throat pulled hard on Hate’s members, going through the reactions of choking with that big meat in her mouth.

This, coupled with the tongue slipping around his asshole, proved to be just what Hate needed for his release. He pulled back with a suddenness that knocked Cynthia on her ass behind him. Sheila took a big swallow as Hate left her mouth, sucking down air as the jerking member before her shot a thick wad right into her still-open eye.

Immediately she shut it and raised a hand to rub it out, and Hate continued to orgasm. Strings of sticky seed landed on her cheeks, and her hand. Her anger over being choked faded away as she reveled in the pleasure of being struck by Hate’s hot cum. Keeping her eyes, one still burning, shut, she found the tip of his dick with her lips.

She sucked his balls dry as his orgasm ended, the last bit of jizz dripping into Sheila’s mouth, where like the cum from Cynthia’s ass, it was swallowed with glee.

Cynthia was on her back now, hungrily rubbing her own pussy, her fingers pushing inside it to the knuckle. “I need it again,” she whimpered.

Hate turned to the side, looking at her with one dark eye, and shook his head. “Soon enough, but your friend her needs some relief herself.”

“Oh, yes.” Sheila agreed readily, and stood from the floor. Hate grasped her by the shoulders and tossed her onto the bed. The small girl crawled backwards a bit, to make room for him, and spread her legs wide. “I want it.”

“Oh my God,” Cynthia exclaimed, “You’re gonna let him fuck you?” She got up from the floor, and laid on the bed next to her friend, a hand finding Sheila’s hard nipple and rubbing it roughly.

“Mmm, yes. I just... need it.”

Hate delighted in watching the two girls cavort and lust after him. His mind slipped to the dark fate he had for them, but then he pushed it out. First, to take the girl. He moved to the bed, crawling above the small, pale woman, and looked down to her face.

There was a perfect mixture of want and fear of the unknown on her small features, and Hate merely smiled down to her. Grasping the base of his manhood, he rubbed the tip over her lips, and was not surprised to find them wet and ready.

He entered. It was quick and brutal. She gasped as where once no man had en tered, an entire length was plunged in less time then it took to blink. At first she felt nothing, but then an intense pain. She opened her mouth to scream, but before sound good emit, Cynthia planted her mouth over the other girl’s and shoved her tongue inside, muffling the painful cry.

Hate held himself there. It was as tight as he had expected, and surprisingly, the girl hadn’t even had her cherry popped yet. No doubt a bit of blood was staining his dick along with all the female cum he had subjected it too.
