 After explaining to Amari her own circumstances, the two women sat in silence as they contemplated their situation. "So, from what we've gathered," Krista began after a moment of silence, "our new world-government has been collecting women for nearly two decades, give or take, to be sacrificed to this 'Libido Box' thing, which is much smaller on the exterior than it obviously is in the interior. Given this discrepancy, coupled with how this place seems to manifest tentacles out of nowhere, I think it's safe to say that once a woman gets absorbed into the 'Box' she is somehow brought to another dimension, which is where we are now."

"Woah, woah, woah!" Amari interjected while placing her hands up in front of herself. "Hold on one bloody minute! How is that 'safe to say'? I can't help but feel that there's a few steps in logic that you're skipping over. I'll grant it that given your lack of reception with your smartphone that we may not be on Earth anymore, but another dimension? How do you figure?"

Taking a deep breath (and noting that the musky smell of the place didn't seem to be bothering her as much as it first did), Krista explained. "I came to this conclusion based on the following facts. First of all, we are not floating about in this space, meaning that whatever this thing is it either large enough to have its own gravitational pull or it is possibly located on a planet. That means that once sucked into the Box, we were not just abducted up into some orbital or space-floating thing. Second, if this place is located on another planet, whether it be one of our nearest neighbors or far away, there's no conceivable way for us to have been instantly transported there from within the Box on Earth; any sort of wormhole opening up directly within it would have most likely drawn the entire Box in with the first person it transported, and molecular deconstruction and reconstruction doesn't seem likely either since you didn't feel any sort of painful experience when you were pulled in. Neither did I apparently, given how I just slept through it," she said while squirming a bit uncomfortably at the thought of having been touched and aroused while unconscious.

"Okay, okay," Amari nodded while holding her head with both hands and massaging her temples. She looked like she was trying to take in everything that Krista had spouted at her, but wasn't quite grasping it. "I think I gather what you're saying; pardon me ignorance, but I'm afraid scientific jargon isn't me strong suit. I'm...well, I'm not too bright, I must admit: I didn't score too terribly high on the UEM's Vocational Recruitment Battery. I ain't dumb, or nothing," she quickly added. "I'm just...not that great when it comes to terribly complex subjects like science, is all."

Krista warmly smiled and reached over to the other woman, gently patting her on the shoulder. "It's alright, Amari. You don't have to be well-versed in any of the sciences to be smart. And for what it's worth, you WAAAY outclass me in terms of physical prowess. I never took up any sports or physical activities growing up, and would probably fall flat on my ass if I tried to do any of those kicks or moves you were pulling off when you came in here."

Amari smiled genuinely and blushed a little at Krista's kind words. "Thanks, love. I really appreciate your kindness. Now, back to the subject at hand: So you've ruled out that we're not on Earth, not floating in space, and not on some other planet. So all that leaves is we've been sucked into another dimension? I guess your deductions have helped narrow down where we aren't, but I just can't help but find the idea that we're no longer in the third dimension a bit hard to swallow." Amari lifted up her right arm and turned it over, examining it closely. "I certainly don't look or feel two-dimensional, do I?"

"No, no. Not dimension as in 2D or 3D," Krista clarified for her confused friend. "What I'm more referring to is alternate dimensions, or planes of existence, if that helps you. Basically, it's a theory that states that besides the dimension we live in, there are other realms besides our own that overlap with us, but we don't see them or interact with them because we are all separated by some sort of reality barriers, if you will. My theory is that the Libido Box originates from this 'sex dimension' (working name), invades our reality, and then opens a tear within itself to translocate any woman that gets sucked in directly into its native plane of existence. I base this on how you described that dizziness you felt when you were sucked in, which sounds similar to what one goes through when changing their altitude suddenly. Since the Box is in an enclosed building and thus doesn't move itself, the only other explanation is that it moves whoever gets sucked in, and since moving off-planet is ruled out, all that remains is moving from one dimension to another."

"Okay, I think I follow you," Amari said while slowly nodding. "But what about the possibility that we were shrunk down, or something, so as to fit inside the Box? I know it sounds a bit outlandish, but quite frankly I find the concept that we're stranded in another dimension that wants to fuck us at every turn to be just as out there."

"That is an interesting theory, I'll grant you that," Krista said after a moment of thought. "But I'm afraid I don't think that that's the case, and here's why. If we were still in our dimension, and still on Earth, I should be able to pick up some sort of Wi-Fi signal with my smartphone, given that the device still works and its size shouldn't have any effect on its ability to receive wireless signals. Secondly, according to that asshole who betrayed you, the Libido Box is actually capable of growing in size, but it doesn't do so in accordance with how many women it takes in, but rather as a threat when it doesn't receive any. This tells me that while size changing is possible for the Box, it probably isn't something that it needs to do for those it consumes; otherwise, it would probably grow so as to accommodate more women it takes prisoner within itself, even with shrinking them, which would then negate the threat it poses of growing when not 'fed'."

"Holy fuck! Are you some sort of genius, love?" Amari asked wide-eyed after hearing all the conclusions that Krista had managed to come to with only a scant amount of information. "I mean, for fuck's sake, you're like some sort of bloody computer, spittin' out all that jargon and theories with only a little to go on. I may not grasp all of it, but it sure sounds like sound reasoning to me."

"Well, thank you," Krista said with a blush. "I'm no genius, but I was a science major in college. Graduated tenth of my class, majoring in theoretical physics with a focus on space-time related studies. I've always had a love for deductive reasoning and figuring out how things work, and traveling into space is something we need to really start focusing on, so it only made sense to me to take this career path." Krista then looked about the fleshy chamber her and Amari found themselves in, and continued, "I never imagined I'd be putting what I've learned and my love of deduction to good use in a situation like this, though."

Reaching out, Amari took her turn to pat Krista on the shoulder, attempting to reassure her after hearing about how she was looking for her sister. "Don't worry, Krista. Given your smarts, I'm sure you'll be able to find your sister. In fact, I'm willing to bet on it, if I but could. If she's here, I've no doubt you'll find her, and then with that brain of yours paired with my brawn," she said while giving a flex of her well-toned arms, "there's no way we're going to be stuck in this place for too much longer."

Krista smiled warmly at her new friend's optimism. "Thanks, Amari. I appreciate your vote of confidence. I just hope that I'll be able to live up to your expectations..." she said while glancing about the room, finding the calm and stillness of it to be rather odd. "Isn't it a bit strange that nothing has happened in here while we were talking? I would have thought that our conversation would have been interrupted at least once or twice by those tongtacles, but they haven't appeared once since they left."

"Oh, right! You're still knew to all this, aren't you love?" Amari exclaimed while lightly slapping her forehead with her right palm. "Each of these rooms has a kind of 'cool down time', as it were. After they have their way with you, they'll leave you be for about twenty four hours, by my reckoning. If you stay in a room longer than that, then they'll get frisky again and you'll have to wait until they're done before you can leave. But once you enter a new room, then that room will have a go at you right away. So it's usually best to take a rest while you can before moving on to another room."

"I see...most interesting..." Krista said as she got up from where she sat and began pacing about the room, looking down but not really focusing on anything in particular. "So this thing, whatever it is, is surprisingly courteous towards those imprisoned here, at least to a point. That is very intriguing. What else can you tell me, Amari? Like, what can we eat to stay alive? Are these walls edible?" she said while eyeing the meaty structure all around her.

"Well, for sustenance, it seems the gooey shite the dick-shaped tentacles squirt out is enough to sustain you," Amari said with an uncomfortable squirm where she sat. "I don't much like that variety, and I really hate it when they go and gush that stuff down me throat. But, it's been keepin' me alive, seein' as how I ain't had anything else to eat or drink since I got here." Amari then paused a moment, looked deep in thought, and then asked, "By the way, what was the date of the day you were knocked out?" 

"The date?" Krista asked as she pulled out her smartphone to check it. Due to her suspected location in another dimension, she knew better than to check it for the actual time and date at that moment. Instead, she thumbed through to her journal which she kept with a writing app, and updated on a regular basis. "Hmm, I think it was the third of June, 2018."

"Twenty-bloody-eighteen?!" Amari exclaimed loudly in disbelief as she quickly stood up. "You mean to say I've been stuck in this fuck-pit for almost two bloody years already? Fuck's sake! How long is this blasted rape-reality going to hold us for, exactly?!" At this point Amari had stomped over to the nearest wall and began punching and kicking at it fiercely, though her strikes didn't seem to bother the pulsing flesh of the room even the slightest.

"Calm down, Amari!" Krista said as she rushed over to the woman who seemed to have limitless stamina, given what she'd just been through, and was now trying to beat the shit out of a wall of muscle. "I know you're upset about this; anyone would be. But I don't want you to needlessly hurt yourself attacking this thing, nor do I want it to retaliate and maybe cause you some harm."

"Oh, there's no need to worry 'bout that at all," Amari said while panting lightly as she ceased her assault and leaned against the battered wall. "I mean, I shot the bloody thing both outside and in, and the worst its done to me is give me a thorough shagging. Over, and over...for the past TWO BLOODY YEARS!" she screamed before turning and giving the wall behind her one last solid punch.

Krista stood by and watched helplessly as her new friend slumped to the floor after her frenzied assault, clearly distraught over how long she had been made to endure the daily sexual assaults and not at all happy over the prospect of having to continue enduring it for an unknown amount of time. But then something Amari said caught Krista's attention as she thought it over, prompting her to ask, "Wait, you said you shot this thing from the inside as well? Meaning it let you bring your weapon in?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah, it did," Amari responded after taking a moment to rouse herself from her anger-induced stupor. "It sucked me in, rifle, ammunition, and all. First thing I did once I was released from the tentacles and plopped in one of these rooms was to empty a magazine into the bloody walls...though ironically, they didn't get bloody at all even with a bunch of bullets sinkin' into them. The only reaction it gave me was for the asshole on the floor," she said with a gesture to the sphincter on the floor of their own room, "to open up and a launch a bunch of tentacles at me to restrain me while it pilfered me weapon and ammo. Those blasted, thievin' suckers took them down into the asshole and disappeared, cause as soon as I was let go I forced it open again and followed, only to find an empty room with no rifle or magazine in sight."

"Interesting..." Krista said while looking at the floor sphincter, then glancing around at the other sphincters about the room. "So you're saying that this place didn't recognize your weapon as a threat until you used it to try and attack it? Otherwise, it should have disarmed you before you were sucked into the Box, rather than waiting until you were inside and then doing it. Taking that into consideration, along with how it seems to react to arousal, and I think it's safe to say this thing is somewhat psychic in nature. Or at the very least it responds to mental impulses, such as your killing intent when you shot it."

"Oh, really? That's actually rather interestin'," Amari admitted with raised eyebrows.

"Furthermore," Krista continued, feeling on a role with her deductions, "it took your weapons into another room, but then the room you entered right after was devoid of anything. This helps to prove my theory that we are in another dimension, one where it can shift around rooms or manifest tentacles as it pleases. This is both fascinating and worrying at the same time."

"In what way is it worrying, love?" Amari asked as she picked herself up off the floor, a look of concern on her face. "I mean, we're already trapped in here where we're going to get buggered each and every day. So how else can it be worse?"

"Simple: This place is like a maze that can move itself as it pleases," Krista explained. "I was hoping that I could navigate this place and find a way to get out. But if this place can consciously manipulate what room you'll move into next, then I don't think it will let me find a way out, like a convenient dimensional door or something. It can just keep us going around and around in circles until it's done with us, whenever that may be."

"Holy shite..." Amari said as her eyes bulged and she staggered backwards from the revelation. "So we truly are buggered, then? There's no way for us to get out on our own..."

"Now hold on, Amari," Krista said while grabbing hold of Amari's shoulders, a look of determination in her eyes. "I'm sorry if I gave that impression, but I don't think that that's the case. Yeah, this place can fuck with us, both literally and figuratively, to its heart's content, but I don't think it's unbeatable. The more I learn, the better an understanding I have of it. And the more I'm able to understand it, the better our chances are of figuring out a way to beat it."

"You really think we can?" Amari asked as she looked Krista dead in her eyes, searching them for the hope and truth she needed to not give up.

"Yes, I most certainly do!" Krista answered unflinchingly, her gaze giving Amari what she had been searching for. "And here's why: This place took your weapon and ammo, and then made them disappear somewhere else within, but only after you openly attacked it. Why would it do that, unless there was the possibility that your rifle COULD, in fact, do some sort of damage to it? While it's true that the damage you dealt in the room you were first brought into didn't seem all that severe, that doesn't necessarily mean that the same is true throughout this place, meaning there might be a more sensitive spot or room that felt threatened by your weapon, like a brain or a heart. If we can find that and damage it, or at the very least threaten it, then maybe we can make it return us and every other woman back to Earth where we belong!"

"Holy fuckin' shite! You're spot on, Krista!" Amari exclaimed while taking Krista's shoulders in her own grip, which she did a little harder than she had intended as Krista visibly winced from the vice-like grip. "How bloody lucky am I to have stumbled across you?! Now I'm even surer than ever that we're going to get out of here!"

"Let's not count our chickens before they're hatched," Krista warned her jubilant friend as she squirmed her way out of her crushing grasp. "We still need to know more about this place, namely what room it took your weapons to and where that sensitive room might be, though I highly doubt that it will be easy to find either."

"True, but at least it's a start!" Amari acknowledged while smiling broadly, the first time she'd had such an expression since she had arrived in wherever this was. "Before I met you, I was just wanderin' around aimlessly, getting shagged and buggered daily and not knowing where I was going or what I was to do. But now you've given me hope and a mission, and that's more than I had before."

"Well, here's hoping that my theories are right, and that we can accomplish that mission," Krista said with a wary smile of her own. "Though I worry that this place might retaliate in some way once it figures out what we're up to..."

***

Somewhere, deep within, a sphere-like structure loomed, held in place by a series of tentacles connecting it to the ceiling and floor of the large room it resided in. Though it was mostly in a still, non-active state (other than occasionally pumping various fluids from itself and into the tentacles that then fed those fluids throughout its vast being), it sensed something that it hadn't before, causing it to slightly twitch in confusion at the unusual sensation. Despite the unpleasantness of the feeling it got, it did not consider it to be a pertinent enough of a threat, and soon returned to its normal, docile self as if nothing had even happened...

***

Elsewhere within the thing, a young Asian woman was being mercilessly pounded in each hole she had to offer. Despite the roughness of the experience, she still hummed and moaned contentedly as a phallic tentacle rammed itself in and out of her mouth and a little down her throat, her vibrating vocal cords tickling it as it went. After doing this for several minutes, the tentacle erupted a steady flow of the digestible sploog down the young woman's throat, which she eagerly drank. When the tentacle removed itself, receiving a through tongue-cleaning along the way, the young woman gulped down the remainder of what she lapped off the tentacle and loudly exclaimed, "KIMOCHIIII!!"