 After managing to calm down the two women and keep them from coming to blows, Krista had them both sit down on the fleshy floor, a good distance away from each other and with her in between. Since they seemed like they were total opposites of each other, with one being a strong, military woman who finds honor in serving her planet and actively hated being there, while the other just oozed a rebellious, anti-authority streak (along with some excess fluids from the larvacles) a mile wide and seemed to actually like where she currently was, Krista could tell that helping the two find some common ground wasn't going to be easy. But, if we're ever going to find a way out of here before this place can break us mentally or whatever it does, I'll need to find a way to get them to get along with each other, Krista thought as she strengthened her resolve to play mediator between the two.

Figuring that the best first step to help them all see eye-to-eye would be to talk about how they all got there (as well as perhaps glean some helpful information from Miko), Krista told the new girl all about how she had been looking for her younger sister when she was knocked out and given as an "offering" to the Libido Box. She then prompted Amari to chime in and expound upon her own experience, so as to fill in the gaps about what the Libido Box was, but the dark skinned African-British woman didn't seem too talkative as she still shot angry stares at Miko from where she sat. With a resigned sigh, Krista took it upon herself to share Amari's story, though focusing more on the explanation she had been given by her sleazy CO about the Libido Box and its history. After that, she then gave Miko a brief summary about her own theory of where they were, about how they were in a sex dimension of some sort and that finding a way out, while very difficult, probably wasn't impossible, and that if they all worked together...

"Yeah, that's where you've lost me," Miko interrupted Krista while scratching her backside in a very unladylike manner. "I get that you both have your reasons for wanting to leave, but what I don't get is why you're in such a hurry. I mean, you don't have any responsibilities in here like paying taxes or working a job, you get to have at least one orgasm a day (though why you'd only settle for one a day is beyond me), and you have all your needs taken care of for the low, low cost of NOTHING. This place seems like a pretty sweet deal, if you ask me," she concluded while laying down with her arms crossed behind her head.

"Y-yes, I suppose I can see your point, kinda," Krista somewhat admitted while trying to avert her eyes from looking straight up Miko's gaping vagina. "But regardless of how 'luxurious' this place might seem in theory, that doesn't change the fact that we were all brought here against our wills, nor does it change the worrisome fact that being in here for too long might have some adverse effects on our psyches, if what Amari's CO said is to be believed."

Miko gave a dismissive eye roll and said, "You bakas. You actually believe what that gesu yaroo said was true? He was obviously a liar by trade, given that he had managed to trick other women into being apprehended and taken to the Libido Box. Though you were probably the only one STUPID enough to walk to it willingly!" she taunted Amari with a laugh.

Krista only had seconds to quickly put a hand out to Amari to try and calm her, as she was already nearly up off the floor from where she sat and about to pounce on the prone Miko. "Easy, girl," Krista said in a calm tone. "She's just having a little bit of fun. No need to get violent."

Amari glared flaming daggers at Miko from over Krista's shoulder, but after letting out a frustrated sigh she relented to her friend's plea for peace and settled back down. "You're lucky Krista's here, you know that you cheeky slag?" Amari hollered over to Miko. "If it were just you and me, I'd have lookin' like a part of the décor in this shite hole in a matter of minutes!"

"Yeah, yeah. So scary, coming from a big, bad, black baka like you," Miko said while picking her nose with her pinky and then flinging whatever she extracted over at Amari. "What your stupid ass doesn't realize is that I've got this place pretty well figured out and can manipulate it as I see fit. All I gotta do is trick you into chasing me into another room, get off quickly once while you're still struggling to NOT orgasm (seriously, what a baka), and then leave your ass behind. If what Ms. Shittakaburi said is true about this being a maze of rooms, I'll ditch you faster than you can cum and you'll be lucky if you ever see my ass again."

While Amari gritted her teeth and dug her fingers into the tender meat beneath her, Krista actually turned her attention away from her friend and gave a slightly hurt look at Miko. "I'm not a 'smartass', Miko. I don't claim to know everything about what's going on; I'm just grabbing at straws and trying to figure out what's happening to us. I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't belittle me like that."

For her part, Miko was actually taken aback by Krista's reaction to what she had called her in her native language. "You understand Japanese?" Miko asked with an incredulous look on her face. But a split-second later she had an "ah-ha!" type of expression and quickly followed with, "Ah! I bet it's because you're just a weeb, aren't you? You're probably super into my region's culture, so you've probably studied up on the language so as to feel better connected with your favorite anime, right? Right?"

"Wrong," Krista said while still wearing a very unhappy expression. "I'm good friends with an online acquaintance I made who's Japanese. He's very smart and knowledgeable, and has had to deal with people calling him a 'shittakaburi', a smartass, all his life."

Despite the mocking tone she had been speaking with, Miko actually dropped it for a more sincere and honest mood when she looked away from Krista and Amari and said, "...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have just assumed that about you, simply because you're a gaijin. Jumping to conclusions and pigeon-holing people I don't know is a bad habit of mine." After a moment, she then added, "Aaand I suppose I'm also sorry for calling you 'stupid', Amari. I've always been very up front and don't have much of a filter, so I tend to shoot my mouth off pretty quickly. Heh...I suppose that maybe that's why I like to keep a dick or two in it; can't get into trouble for saying something mean if I'm going to town on a cock, right?"

After exchanging a look between themselves, Krista and Amari softened their expressions towards Miko, and Krista said, "Alright, we forgive you, Miko, and we will try to keep your 'filter deficiency' in mind in the future, right?" she asked of her companion.

"Yeah, I'll do my best to NOT want to bash your bloody face in," Amari relented with a half-smile. "Though I do still think you're a bit of a randy tart."

"A ran...what?" Miko asked with a confused look on her face. "Look, I know quite a bit of American English and slang thanks to all the movies, TV shows, and porns I've watched, but I'm going to need subtitles for some of the shit you're saying, Amari."

Krista gave a slight giggle. "She said you're a horny slut," she clarified for her new friend.

"Oh, okay. Well, that's certainly VERY true of me," Miko beamed with a proud smile. "Ever since I figured out that what's between my legs is good for more than just peeing and pooping, I've been enjoying masturbation and sexual encounters nearly every day for the past few years now."

"Wow, really?" Krista said with wide eyes at the young Japanese woman before her. Though she herself had learned how to "take care of business" early on in puberty, Krista had only rarely felt the need to do so, with it being something more akin to a chore that needed doing every once and awhile rather than a regular pastime or hobby like Miko made it out to be. "It's no wonder you're so okay with being here, then. Speaking of, how long have you been here for? Do you know?"

"Hmm...if I had to hazard a guess, I'd say maybe about six or seven months, give or take," Miko answered after a moment of thought. "When I first showed up, granted, I was a bit freaked out by the whole 'living walls of pulsing flesh' thing, like anyone would be. But after the tentacles showed up and started touching me in all the right places...I knew I was home, haha!"

"Ha, yeah, I guess I started to calm down and like it a bit, too, after I asserted that I wasn't going to be eaten or ripped apart limb-from-limb," Krista admitted with a sheepish grin. "By the way, how did you end up getting caught in all of this? Amari and I were both 'offered' to the Libido Box after we drew too much attention to ourselves while looking for answers on missing women."

"Oh, that," Miko said while getting up off the floor and assuming a sitting position. "Funny story, really...

***

"See, I had kind of a reputation for being not only one of the loosest girls in Tokyo, but also one of the best lays around, so I tended to get A LOT of propositions from total strangers quite frequently. Now, I wasn't stupid about it and just slept around with whomever; a major part of my policy for accepting sex from a stranger is that you have to have legit medical documentation stating that you're not a walking breeding ground for every STD under the Rising Sun. Once that's cleared up and we've worked out what all we'll be doing (what fetishes, any particular scenarios, just how many participants there will be, etc.), I'll pretty much go have a good time with just about anybody.

"I guess I should have been a little bit more careful, though, and included some sort of background check into that policy. Because the last person I went to go have a party with turned out to be a part of this 'acquire girls for the Libido Box' conspiracy or whatever you want to call it. He said he wanted to have his way with me while I was bound and unconscious, which isn't any new kink for me, so I let him tie me up in the typical shibari style and then chloroform me. I figured I'd be having some nice wet dreams while getting used in my sleep, only to wake up some time later on a plane flying over the Pacific!

"I tried to get out of my bindings, only to discover that I wasn't tied in rope anymore but was instead hand- and foot-cuffed to my chair. Also, I wasn't alone, as there were several other women, one or two of them were Japanese like me, while the rest were from other, neighboring regions that I wasn't too sure about. Oh, and there were the soldiers who were standing guard over us, though that's being generous when it comes to describing their 'job'; since we were all held in place, there wasn't much we could do that would necessitate needing to be watched for the entire flight. But of course, that isn't what they did: During the whole flight there, those 'randy' fucks had their ways with us while we couldn't do a thing to oppose them, whipping their dicks out and poking us with them whenever they liked, or copping feels while carrying on casual conversations with each other.

"All the other women there were thoroughly distraught over the situation, and even I was nonplussed with being whisked away without my consent. I had thought at the time, 'If you wanted to give me an overseas fuck vacation, all you had to do was ask!' I figured that this was probably some human trafficking thing that we were being sent to, and was confident that I could manipulate any fucker with a pecker into letting their guard down long enough for me to escape and get to some authorities. I, of course, didn't realize at the time that they WERE the authorities, though I suppose I should have known, given that their gear and the very plane we were on all seemed very top notch and not like some shabby second-hand stuff that they managed to get their hands on.

"Once we touched down, we were escorted from the plane into that building that you described, Amari. They took us to a big, sterile-looking examination room where we were all stripped down and had a team of what I'm guessing were either doctors or researchers of the Box poke and prod our bodies and our minds, asking questions like, 'How long have you been sexually active for?' and 'Have you ever had any children?' It was pretty humiliating being treated like that, and while I have done humiliation play before, there wasn't anything terribly hot or sexy about this; it was all too bureaucratic and impersonal. I tried to flirt with one of the old farts, but he didn't even bat an eye! So now I was not only feeling a bit powerless and embarrassed, but also insulted that I couldn't give an old fossil like that a stiffy!

"After that, they let us get dressed again, though this time in just some plain, ugly looking shirt and pants and no underwear, and then led us to these cages where they shoved us in and told us to 'wait our turns'. Well, I've never been the most patient sort, so I immediately mouthed off and said, 'Hey! If you want a volunteer for who's first, I'll go!' I figured that the sooner I could get to somebody with a working sex drive, the sooner I'd be able to get control over my situation and start working on an escape plan.

"Well, they took the bait and let me out of my cage not even a minute after they had thrown me in. I thought everything was going all keikaku doori, and that I'd be on the fast track out of there soon enough. Then they took me to the Box...

***

"After a bit of freaking out mixed with some unexpected arousal, I was sucked into here, where I've been ever since. Not that I mind, though," Miko said as she finished her recounting of her story.

"But, don't you have anyone back home who might be worrying about you?" Krista asked with genuine concern. "Surely you had some close friends, right?"

"Meh, I don't know about that," Miko said while waving her hand in front of her face. "My...openly sexual activities tended to ostracize me from most other girls, and not too many guy friends ever REALLY wanted to be my genuine friends, you know? I mean, I did have a group of delinquents I frequently hung out with, but that was mostly because of Shota-" Miko suddenly stopped herself as if realizing something, and then quickly tried to cover it with, "...b-because they gave me free rides on their bikes, th-that's all! Have either of you ever lived in a big city like Tokyo? Do you have any idea how expensive public transportation is? HUH?!" she asked while suddenly adopting a very aggressive tone and posture.

Krista and Amari weren't buying it for a moment, as they exchanged glances and nods with each other before returning their attention to Miko. "Uh-huh," Krista said with a Cheshire grin. "And this 'Shota' is a guy, I take it?"

Realizing that she'd accidentally outed herself, Miko gave a sigh of resignation and said, "Fine, fine. His name is Otomo Shotaro. He's the leader of the delinquents I hung with. Happy now?"

"No, no! Come on now, love! There's got to be more to it than that," Amari egged on, having finally found an avenue of attack with which she could finally get back at Miko beyond just threatening her with physical violence. "What was he? Your boyfriend?" 

"But, that wouldn't make any sense," Krista protested with a confused look on her face. "Given how openly promiscuous you are, Miko, I would be rather surprised that you would settle down with any one guy."

"Look, I haven't 'settled down' or anything, okay?" Miko protested while crossing her arms in front of herself. "It's just...well...he's not like the majority of guys I usually fuck," she admitted while looking away from the other two women sheepishly. "Even though I go and do whatever I want with other guys all the time, he...he said..." Miko was now blushing at this point, though she tried to hide it from Krista and Amari (and failed). "He said that it didn't matter to him who I shared my body with, just so long as...just so long as I only shared my heart with him..."

"Aaaaw!" Krista and Amari said in unison, eliciting a sharp, "URUSAI!" from a fiercely blushing Miko. The two shared a playful laugh for a full minute or two, while Miko did her best to not look them in the eyes. After they calmed down, Krista said, "There, there. We're just teasing. It's just kind of surprising to hear that deep down beneath all the dick-craving you've got going on, you're still a girl who's found someone to love. Good for you," she added with a genuine, warm smile.

"...urusai..." Miko said with her face buried in her crossed arms that were tightly hugging her legs. After a moment passed and she noticed that the other two weren't laughing at her expense anymore, Miko poked her face up and asked, "Do you think he's worried about me?"

"Yeah, probably," Krista said with a nod. "I mean, from his perspective, you've disappeared without a trace. And even if he goes around asking about you, he probably won't get any answers, just like with me and that Hispanic woman that Amari talked to."

"He's probably worried right sick over you, love," Amari piped in. "You said you've been gone for about six months, yeah? That's an awfully long time to not hear back from someone you've...given your heart to..." she said as she barely managed to hold back a snicker.

Miko gritted her teeth, having little tolerance for being teased herself (preferring to be the teaser, mostly). After a moment's thought of her love-sick boy-toy, Miko let out a deep sigh and said, "You know what? You've convinced me. Sure, this place is A LOT of fun and all, but only if it could be visited for a little bit, like on a holiday, or three-day-weekend, or after work or school. I'm getting a bit bored with it, so I think I'll come along with you two and help find a way out from here."

"And it has nothing to do with that Shotaro guy, riiiight?" Amari said, getting in one more jab at the easily embarrassed Miko.

"If you don't want me to test how many tentacles I can fit in each of your holes..." the blushing Miko growled at Amari, who just laughed jovially at the younger, smaller woman and bade her to try it while tapping on her own, jutting chin.

Krista, meanwhile, let out a tenuous sigh of relief as she watched her two new friends playfully(?) banter back and forth with each other. Now that we're all on the same page, I feel that maybe we can start in earnest to find a way out of this place. I just hope that my sister is doing alright, wherever she is...