 Mikayla was trouble, my wife was right about that. The problem was I found the kind of trouble that Mikayla brought to be intoxicating. Having the machine meant that I had a safety net. Even if my wife caught me in bed defiling the hot, young blonde I'd be able to fix it. I'd be able to go back in time and make sure it never happened in the first place.

Knowing the power the machine provided was dangerous. It made me start considering pushing the envelope even further. A normal married man fucking a hot, young girl would want to do everything he could to keep it a secret. I, instead, wondered how hot it would be to get caught. Knowing that I could wipe away any consequences in an instant changed the dynamic of the affair. It changed the dynamic of everything.

The fact that Mikayla seemed to be enjoying being the other woman made things even hotter. I knew it was wrong, but she was so much fun when she was being bad. I loved how she flaunted her perfect young body in front of my wife and asked me how she looked in her sexy little bikini. Without the machine, I would have never let things go as far as they had already gone. But with it, knowing I had the power to erase anything that would happen, I wanted to see where it would all go.

I kept telling myself that everything was under control, I had a reset button. At some point, I figured I would have to go back in time. Go back to that moment right before our affair started and make sure it never did. I tried to convince myself that I only wanted the fun to last for as long as it could before taking such a measure. The problem was Mikayla was addicting. She was young and beautiful and so very, very naughty. A dangerous combination for any married man.

The whole situation was like living in some bizarre science-fiction porno. I could go anywhere and fuck anyone that I wanted. I was purposefully ignoring the fact that it seemed like the only person I wanted to fuck was Mikayla. It should have been a red flag of trouble ahead, but ignorance is bliss. I had to know the truth somewhere in my being. I had to know that even if I hit the reset button there would be nothing to stop me from playing the game again.

One day at a time, that's what the addicts say. I told myself not to look too far ahead. The possibilities were endless and I felt like a kid in the best candy store ever created. The machine's time-bending ability held such amazing power. Mikayla and I had spent hours the other day fucking each other in a virtual Paris hotel room. The fact that nobody even knew we were gone started to sink in.

Mikayla's suggestion that she go back in time to fuck my high school self was a real mind-bender. I thought about all the ways that could backfire and go horribly wrong. None of them changed the fact that I'd love to send my younger self that gift.

It was while I was considering Mikayla going back in time that it occurred to me the opposite was true as well. I could go and visit Mikayla's future self if I wanted to do so. This added a whole new level to the complex problem I found myself contemplating. For the sake of my sanity, I wanted to believe that Mikayla was only interested in me for the short-term. Believing what we were doing was a fling make it disposable. It meant there was a time limit that would eventually expire.

Knowing I could go into the future and talk to Mikayla scared me. If I knew how she viewed our relationship it would color every decision I would make. I wondered how I would react if I knew that Mikayla wanted our relationship to be a permanent thing. In a normal world, our age difference would have been a major hurdle. It would be a major factor for the long-term success of whatever it was we had. Having the machine meant that we could create any future we wanted if we were willing to make sacrifices. Mikayla's perfect body and tight little pussy had me willing to do most anything.

A couple of days had passed since Mikayla showed off her new purple bikini in front of my wife. I needed a bit of time to think and to recharge my batteries. There was plenty to do with my daughter, Jenny, leaving for college at the end of the summer. I wondered how having her out of the house would change the dynamic between my wife and me.

It was early in the morning. I was sitting at Vira's terminal in the basement staring at the screen and having a coffee. I knew a lot of what the machine could do but there was still plenty I needed to discover. Every day seemed like I was at a new crossroads. I would ask myself which direction I should go in. I knew that the so-called "right thing" to do would be to break off the affair with Mikayla. Even better would be to go back in time and erase that it ever happened in the first place.

My pristine logic was always drowned out by the idea that anything that happened could be undone. There are so many things in life that we do not do because we fear the consequences. Imagine if you knew that any consequences that came your way could be undone. How would that change the way you live your life?

"Vira?" I asked.

"Yes, John?" the machine replied.

"Can you teleport people from the outside world into the simulation chamber?" I asked.

"Yes, but it is more reliable once I have their DNA print. Someone that has been in the chamber is easier for me to teleport," Vira replied.

"So you know where Mikayla is right now?" I asked then sipped my hot, black coffee.

"Yes, she's at home in her bed."

My mind started to race through scenarios. I wondered what Mikayla was wearing as she slept in her bed. I also wondered if she was having a good dream right at the moment. I wanted to wake her up by eating her sweet, young pussy. I tried to come up with a reason why I shouldn't do exactly that but couldn't. My wife and daughter were still asleep upstairs. That was irrelevant as I knew that I could do whatever I wanted and still be back home in an instant.

"Vira, can you teleport Mikayla into the simulator and recreate her bedroom around her? I want her to think that's where she is when she wakes up," I said.

"Affirmative."

"Fuck," I said as I could already feel my cock coming to life.

"Do it," I said as I stood up. The door to the simulator opened and I walked into a perfect copy of Mikayla's bedroom. She was on the bed, a sweet smile on her face as she slept. I got undressed and walked over to the bed. I gently pulled the covers off of her and smiled. She was wearing only a long purple sleep shirt with the Victoria's Secret Pink logo on the front.

I got onto the bed, my movements were as slow as possible so as not to wake her up. I put my hands onto her warm thighs and spread her long legs apart so I could reach my target. I slid her shirt up as I watched her face. She didn't stir as I used my tongue to gently circle her soft clit. I inched my hands up her body underneath her shirt. I cupped her ample tits in my big hands as I kissed her soft, warm flesh.

Mikayla let out a soft little groan as I slid my tongue inside of her heavenly pussy. I loved the way she tasted. I explored her with my tongue as my hands gently kneaded her breasts. I could feel her pussy getting wetter and her juices started covering my tongue. If she was having a dream at that exact moment, I hoped it was about me.

I let the tip of my tongue playfully circle Mikayla's clit. She let out a long moan as her big blue eyes opened and she smiled at me. She looked around the room and then looked back at me.

"Are you fucking crazy?" she asked with a smile. I buried my face between her legs and started eating her pussy with abandon. She grabbed my hair and pulled as I drove my tongue deep inside of her sweet candy. My fingertips rolled her hard nipples between them as I ate her. I squeezed down as my tongue filled her up which caused her to thrust her pussy up into my face.

My rolled tongue penetrated her young cunt over and over again. Her sweet juices were running down my face as she gave in and had a series of orgasms. I looked up at her and watched as she stifled as much of her moans and squeals as she could. She grabbed her pillow and put it over her face and screamed as I worked her pussy over.

There was a knock at her bedroom door. I looked up at her as I heard her mother's voice, "Mik, are you ok?"

"Yes, I'm fine!" Mikayla replied as I moved up on top of her. I was hoping that Vira was adding this wrinkle to the scenario to add to the fun. I was also hoping that Vira hadn't actually sent me into Mikayla's real bedroom. 

"I thought I heard a scream," her mother continued.

"I had a charlie horse, I'll be up in a few minutes, mom," Mikayla said as her wide blue eyes looked up at me.

"Alright," her mother's voice said as I slid my raging cock into Mikayla's wet pussy. I let out a soft moan as I thrust myself deep inside of her with one deep motion.

"Fuck!" Mikayla moaned with pleasure. Her big blue eyes sparkled with panic.

"What, dear?" her mother's voice asked through the door. "Are you sure you're alright?"

"Yes, mom," Mikayla shouted as I started fucking her harder. "I'm fine!"

"You're a bad girl," I whispered in her ear. My rock hard, married cock fucked her tight teen pussy in her four-poster princess bed. The headboard bounced off the wall as I enjoyed showing her what a bad girl she was.

"Fuck." Mikayla giggled. "You are pretty fucking bad yourself, Mr. S. Is this real or a simulation?"

"With Vira, I am never sure," I said with a smile. I pulled Mikayla's sleep shirt up off over her head and tossed it on the floor before starting to fuck her again. Feeling her soft, warm body beneath me was about the best feeling in the world. Fucking her on her bed was a total rush, whether it was real or not.

"Either way, it's a nice way to be woken up," Mikayla said with a grin. I stared into her blue eyes as the morning sun broke through her window. I slowed down my thrusts as much as I could to savor the moment. I kissed her soft, sweet lips as my cock buried itself deep inside her warm, welcoming pussy.

"I find myself craving you way too much," I said in a low voice.

"I don't think that's such a bad thing," Mikayla said as she smiled softly. "I find myself craving your big, hard cock when I'm not with you."

"But how long can we keep this going?" I asked.

"Until you make me cum," Mikayla said with a sweet smile.

"I meant more in the long-term sense." I moaned as I felt Mikayla's toned legs wrap around my torso like an anaconda toying with its prey.

"Then the answer is until you stop making me cum." Mikayla giggled.

"It's not that simple."

"Isn't it?"

"No."

"Why not?" Mikayla asked. She giggled as she pushed up on me and then rolled me over onto my back. She got on top of me and smiled. My hands moved to her hips as I watched her face. She teased me by grazing the head of my cock with her soft pink slit. I let out a moan as her hands gripped onto my shoulders. Her eyes locked on mine as her dripping wet pussy slid down onto my hard cock. She moved in slow, deliberate motions and it was driving me crazy. She was a vision of beauty in the now sunbathed room.

"I'm married," I said.

"I don't care," she said in a sweet voice as she leaned in and kissed me hard. "You're here with me and not with your wife. You do want me, don't you?"

"Yes," I said as my hands strengthened their grip on Mikayla's hips. "But that's not the point."

"Are you sure?" she asked. "Vira can help us do whatever we want. We can keep our affair a secret. We can move to any time and place we want. We can even live a lifetime together and still be back before anyone knows we are gone."

Mikayla made a great point. This was not a normal affair. This was a situation that no mere mortal man can prepare for. I knew what I was doing was wrong. The thought that it was temporary and that nobody had to get hurt made it impossible to resist. Mikayla was a dream girl and I was living out a dream. But dreams have to end, don't they?

"We do have limitless possibilities," I said. Mikayla smiled and leaned in towards me. Her hands gripped my shoulders as she moved her young body up and down my cock. She knew exactly how to move. Every little motion that she made drove me crazy.

"Can I please go back and fuck your high school self?" she asked in a sweet little voice that nearly made me cum. The idea was so naughty and so hot but also rife with possible consequences.

"We've talked about this." I moaned. "Changing the past is a dangerous thing."

"Aren't I worth it?" she asked as her velvety pussy gripped down hard on my cock.

"Fuck!" I groaned. "You know you are. I just don't want to do anything so drastic that we have to do major damage control."

"Why? Isn't that half the fun of having the machine?" Mikayla asked as she leaned in and kissed me. "To be able to do any naughty things we want?" I reached up and grabbed a handful of her long blonde hair in my right hand. I tugged it back as I thrust myself up inside of her. Mikayla moaned and then kissed me hard. She bit down on my lower lip as I pulled her hair and fucked her.

"You might be right, though," I said. "I'm a married man fucking a teenage girl in her bedroom. I guess I don't have a moral leg to stand on at this point."

"Virtual bedroom." Mikayla giggled.

"That's right," I said as I looked up at Mikayla. "If I'm going to be a dirty old man I may as well do it right." I thought for a moment. "Vira, dress this little slut in her high school cheerleader uniform." In a flash, the hot little cheer uniform appeared on Mikayla's tight teen body.

"Naughty!" she giggled.

"I want her long blonde hair in braided pigtails," I commanded. The machine did my bidding. Mikayla's long blonde hair was now in braided pigtails with little red bows at the end.

"Do I look pretty, Mr. S?" Mikayla asked with a naughty little grin.

"You always look stunning," I said as I sat up and threw Mikayla onto her back on her bed.

"All for you," she said with a smile. "Did you enjoy watching me cheer in high school, Mr. S?"

"Yes, I did, Mikayla," I said as my eyes took her in. "Back when you were just my fantasy."

"What am I now, John?" she asked in a shy voice. Her big blue eyes looked up at me as she bit down softly on her lower lip awaiting my response.

"You're still my fantasy," I said.

"But, now you've got me. I'm real." Mikayla smiled up at me as she spread her legs and used her fingers to tease her little pink pussy. "Don't you want more than the fantasy?"

"Yes, I do," I said. "But, it is all so fucking complicated."

"We often fool ourselves into thinking that the hard decisions are complex. Most of the time they're not all that hard" Mikayla said as she got on her knees and positioned herself in front of me. "Just break it down and take it one step at a time," she said. She grabbed my cock and started to stroke it in a slow, teasing manner. "Do you want me to suck your cock, Mr. S?" she asked with a sweet smile.

"Yes." I nodded.

"See, you were able to make that decision quickly and in a commanding fashion." Mikayla giggled and then wrapped her soft, red lips around my dick. She moved her head down until it was at the base of my cock. She tightened her lips around me and held it there for a few seconds and then retreated. Her warm, wet tongue swirled around my throbbing cock head as I let out a deep moan.

"That was an easy one," I said as Mikayla's eyes looked up at me. "But you knew that." I smiled at her. "What do you want, Mikayla?"

"An adventure," she said with a smile.

"How long of an adventure?" I asked as her small hand slowly stroked my cock.

"Is time even still relative when you have Vira?" she asked.

"I'm not sure," I said as Mikayla wrapped her lips around my cock once again and bobbed her pretty head up and down a few times. "I want an adventure too but I'm sure you'll grow tired of me at some point and want a boy your own age."

"Don't I get a say in that?" she asked then bit down on her lower lip with a quizzical look.

"Yes, of course, you do," I said.

"I want to be your companion," Mikayla smiled. "I want us to travel the universe and do every crazy thing that comes to our mind. I want it to be like Doctor Who. I don't think you're too old for me. But if you do, I'd be more than happy to go back in time."

"Mikayla," I said with a groan as she started jerking me off faster.

"I'm not telling you to leave your wife. She never has to know. We can live a lifetime in what she perceives as an instant. Don't you understand that?" Mikayla asked. Her big blue eyes sparkling in the morning sun.

"Maybe, it is just hard to wrap my mind around it," I said.

"Ponder that while my lips wrap around your cock." Mikayla giggled and then started to suck my cock with abandon. Watching her perform was a huge turn-on for me. Being on her bed, virtual or not, was also hot as hell. Having her in her high school cheerleader uniform and pigtails was more than a dream come true.

"Holy fuck, that feels so good," I moaned low as Mikayla bobbed her head up and down faster and faster. I grabbed onto her pigtails and she looked up at me with determination and lust in her sexy blue eyes. Her lips were building up friction on my cock and her tongue was teasing me in such a good way. I knew I was close to blowing my load when I heard a knock on her bedroom door.

"Mikayla, breakfast," her dad's voice said tersely. I grabbed onto her blonde braided ponytails and pulled her mouth down to the base of my cock. The sensation of her soft lips wrapped around me sent me over the edge and I exploded. Her big blue eyes opened wide as I shot load after load of my hot cum inside of her. Each load going down the sexy blonde cheerleader's throat. "Did you hear me?" her dad's voice asked as I heard the locked doorknob jiggle.

"Yes, dad," Mikayla said as she came up for air. "I'll be right there."

"Hurry up!" he said.

"Fuck!" Mikayla giggled as she smiled up at me.

"You wanted adventure," I said.

"No shit. That was wild. This is a simulation, right Vira?" Mikaya asked.

"Yes, it is," Vira's voice said emanating from nowhere and everywhere all at the same time.

"Good, because if I had to go down for breakfast I'd be a bit disappointed right now," Mikayla said. Her eyes watched me as she wiped a bit of my cum that was dripping down her chin.

"You have other plans?" I asked.

"No, but I was hoping we could come up with something," Mikayla grinned as she climbed on top of me. "Any suggestions?"

"Anything your heart desires," I said as I pulled her body down to mine. I kissed her softly as I wrapped my arms around her body.

"I want to go to your prom," Mikayla said then giggled.

"Mikayla," I said in a stern voice.

"In a simulation?" she asked. Her soft lips kissed my neck as my hands moved to her ass and squeezed.

"Well, I guess that couldn't cause any problems," I said.

"Exactly." Mikayla cooed as she nibbled on my neck. "But how would that work?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Would you play your younger self? Can Vira transform you to look like you did in high school?" Mikayla asked.

"Ask her," I said. Mikayla put her hands on my shoulders and pushed herself up so she was straddling me.

"Vira, can you transform John into his 18-year-old self here in the simulator?" Mikayla asked.

"I can," Vira replied.

"Then do it! Please!" Mikayla said with a big smile. Her blue eyes looked down at me and the look on her face changed to one of amazement. "Holy fuck!"

"What?" I asked.

"You were fucking cute in high school," Mikayla said as her eyes took me in.

"I'm not cute any longer?" I asked.

"That's not what I meant and you know it," she replied as she looked back over her shoulder. "Same big cock, though."

"I'd hope so," I smiled.

