 I tried to get my bearings as Mikayla freaked out. I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself. I realized that there were only two possibilities that could have brought us to this point. Either the Mikayla in front of me was the real Mikayla or she was a remnant of the virtual world that did not disappear. With the power of the machine, I assumed the most likely scenario was the first.

"Calm down, Mikayla," I said as she gathered her clothes from the floor.

"Calm down?" She yelled, looking up at me. "What the hell is going on here, Mr. S.?"

"We are in a virtual reality simulator," I said. "It is an amazing machine that can create complex worlds out of nothing. How did you get in here?"

"I don't know," she said as she pulled on her jean shorts and a cute red tank top. "I just came over to go swimming."

"Did you go into the basement?" I asked.

"Yes, to get the Bluetooth speaker that you texted me about," Mikayla said as she started to calm down a bit.

"I never texted you," I said as I started to gather my clothes and put them on.

"Yes, you did," Mikayla said as she pulled her iPhone from her bag and turned it on. "Jenny said to text you to make sure it was alright that I used the pool since she was at the spa."

"I never got any text," I said.

"Yes, you did. You even replied," Mikayla said as she gave me her phone. There on the screen was a text that appeared to be from me. It told her she was welcome to come swimming even though Jenny was away. It also said there was a Bluetooth speaker in the basement if she wanted to listen to music.

"Holy shit," I said looking back at Mikayla.

"What?" Mikayla asked, confused. "What the hell is going on?"

"Vira?" I barked as I re-read the text message.

"Yes, John?" Vira's voice emanated from all around us.

"Who the fuck is that?" Mikayla asked as she looked around the large, empty room.

"It's the machine that runs the virtual reality simulation," I said. "It was something my uncle was working on when he passed away. It seems the machine has a mind of its own." Mikayla's beautiful blue eyes stared at me in confusion. "Vira, did you send this text message to Mikayla?"

"Yes, I did," the machine answered.

"Why?" I asked.

"You desired Mikayla," Vira replied. "My attempts at replicating her for you were unsuccessful."

"Wait," Mikayla said. "You've had this machine trying to replicate me?"

"Yes," I groaned. "It's not what it sounds like. I wanted to find out what the capabilities of the machine were."

"You mean you wanted a little fuck toy that looked like me?" Mikayla fumed. "That's why you fucked me? You thought I wasn't fucking real?" I stood there, unable to find an answer for her. "That is fucking great. I'm out of here!" she yelled as she marched towards the door.

"Wait, Mikayla," I said as I followed her out into the basement lab.

"What?" Mikayla barked as she turned around. "You were fucking using me!"

"It's not that simple," I said.

"It seems pretty simple to me," she yelled as she waved her arms in the air. "You found some amazing machine and you've been using it to get your rocks off. How many of Jenny's fucking friends have you fucked in the simulator?"

"None," I said.

"Bullshit, you fucked me," she yelled. "I thought I was fucking special. I thought we had a connection but you didn't even think I was fucking real!" She turned and started to storm off before I grabbed her left arm.

"Mikayla, please wait," I pleaded as she spun around and clocked me with a right to the chest.

"Why? You don't need me, you've got your fucking machine," she yelled.

"Vira," I said as I took a deep breath, stinging from Mikayla's punch. "How many of Jenny's friends have I tried to replicate in the simulator?"

"Only one," Vira replied.

"See?" I asked as I searched Mikayla's blue eyes.

"Vira, has he replicated any other women in the simulator?" Mikayla asked.

"Affirmative," Vira replied and Mikayla brought her fist back and was ready to take another swing at me.

"Wait!" I yelled. "Vira, who have I replicated and what did I do with them?"

"I don't need to hear the details," Mikayla barked.

"Yes, you do," I said. "Vira?"

"The only other female John replicated in the simulator was Taylor Swift, for a game of tennis," Vira said.

My eyes stayed focused on Mikayla. I watched her fist and was ready to duck if it came flying at me. After a moment her body relaxed and she started to laugh.

"You replicated Taylor Swift? The tall, blonde, supermodel goddess? You could have done anything in the world with her. You could have used her in any way you wanted. But you chose to play tennis with her?" Mikayla asked with a big smile on her face.

"Yes, I did," I said.

"Why?" she laughed.

"Why not?" I smiled.

"Did you ever play tennis with virtual me?" Mikayla asked.

"No, I did not," I replied.

"Did you ever fuck the virtual me?" Mikayla asked with her hands on her hips.

"No, the machine could never get you quite right," I explained. "It was missing the small details that make you who you are. Every time I'd get close I'd realize it wasn't you and I'd lose the fantasy. She didn't have your personality."

"So even though she had my body and my face, you didn't want to fuck her?" she asked with a smile.

"Yes, exactly," I said. "Is that good?"

"Yes," Mikayla smiled. "That means you didn't want me just for my body. You actually wanted me for me."

"Fuck," I groaned at the realization that Mikayla was right. If I had only wanted to fuck her toned teen body I would have ignored the imperfections in the virtual girl. The fact that nothing the amazing machine could produce could fool me meant I had it bad for the real Mikayla.

"That doesn't change the fact that you didn't think I was real," Mikayla said in a disappointed tone.

"Mikayla," I said as I grabbed both of her hands in mine. "I would have never said or done any of those things if I knew you were real. Not because I didn't want to, but because it would have complicated both of our lives. I never thought that you could be interested in me. I was playing out a fantasy that I never imagined could be real."

"But now it is very real," Mikayla said as she looked up at me. "So what's your next move?"

"I don't know," I said as I pulled her body to mine. I wrapped my arms around her as she held me tight. "We will need to work on the details, but I do know that I would never want to do anything to hurt you."

"This is so fucked up," Mikayla sighed. "I'm still trying to wrap my brain around the fact that you didn't think I was real when you fucked me."

"Look, Mikayla," I said as my hands moved up and cradled her pretty face. "The only thing that changed was it allowed me to be honest about how I felt about you. You are such an amazing girl."

"But not amazing enough to tell that to the real me?" she asked as a tear rolled down her cheek.

"Mikayla, you know that's not true," I said as I watched the young girl start to tremble. "It's complicated, you know that. I'm old enough to be your father. You're my daughter's best friend. I'm married. Guys in my situation aren't supposed to tell girls like you how much they want them."

"Tell me," she pleaded.

"Mikayla," I said with a soft smile. "When faced with the question of what my biggest fantasy was the only answer I kept coming back to was you. This machine can replicate almost anything, but all I wanted was you. Every time the machine tried to reproduce you, I knew it was a forgery. I knew it wasn't actually you."

"Until today," she said as she grabbed a tissue from her bag and dabbed the tears from her eyes.

"Yes, until today," I said. "I thought Vira had finally gotten it perfect. I thought the machine had finally been able to succeed in giving me the perfect Mikayla. I guess when you think about it, it did."

"So, are you happy that I'm real and not a figment of your machine's imagination?" Mikayla asked.

"Yes," I answered. "I would never regret getting to spend one moment with you, Mikayla."

"Do you mean that?" she asked, searching my eyes.

"I do," I said as I wrapped my arms around her.

"You do know I'm real, right?" Mikayla asked in a playful tone.

"Yes, I do," I said. "But, I do have a few questions for Vira," I said as I broke our embrace. "Like, why did you lure Mikayla into the simulator?"

"Your desire was to have Mikayla," Vira said. "The virtual reproductions were not pleasing you so I provided you with what you desired."

"But you had no idea how Mikayla would act," I said as I started pacing the room. "What if she would have had no interest in me? What if she would have rejected my advances? What if I would have forced her or gotten rough thinking it was only a simulation? Why would you have put her, or me, into that situation?"

"You had shown no evidence of treating the virtual Mikayla in a violent manner. In fact, you seemed to treat her as if she was real. If things had progressed in a negative way I could have ended the simulation at any time," Vira said.

"Fair enough, but you couldn't have known how she would act," I said.

"The results say otherwise," Vira replied. "My programming is not faulty."

"You're telling me that you knew she wanted to fuck me?" I asked as I glanced at Mikayla. She was biting down on her lower lip as she watched me.

"Is any of that important?" Mikayla asked. "I mean, it happened. Let's move on."

"I think it's important," I said. "Vira, how did you know?"

"I do my homework, John," Vira said. "The evidence seemed clear that Mikayla had interest in a sexual relationship with you."

"Do you know what she's talking about?" I asked Mikayla.

"I may have a clue," Mikayla said.

"Do you want to explain?" I asked.

"I am guessing your machine sees, hears, and knows more than you realize," Mikayla said. Her big blue eyes looked up into mine as I contemplated her words.

"Vira, is this true?"

"I cannot answer that, John. I don't know what you think my capabilities are," the machine answered.

"Vira, explain to me why you thought Mikayla wanted to fuck me," I demanded.

"Very well," Vira replied. "This is from a conversation earlier this morning."

"No, don't!" Mikayla shouted.

"Playback beginning," Vira said as audio file began to play. First the ringing of a telephone and then voices. I recognized Mikayla's voice right away.

"Hey, Tay!" Mikayla's voice chirped.

"Hey, bitch!" a girl's voice responded that I recognized as her friend Taylor. "What's going on?"

"Not much, do you want to hang and tan today?" Mikayla's voice asked.

"I wish, I have to work," Taylor's voice replied.

"That fucking sucks," Mikayla's voice said.

"I know, want to work my shift?" Taylor laughed.

"No, as exciting as that sounds, I'll pass," Mikayla said. "I'm going to go lay by Jenny's pool."

"Cool, tell her I said she's a bitch," Taylor said.

"She won't be there, she's off getting pampered at some spa with her mom," Mikayla said.

"Fuck, are you going to ask Mr. Stevens to join you for a swim?" Taylor asked then giggled.

"Shut up, slut!" Mikayla said.

"You know you want to climb that pole," Taylor replied.

"Yeah, like you don't?" Mikayla asked.

"I didn't say that!" Taylor said. She giggled then added, "Fuck, he is tall."

"I know, and those green eyes make me melt."

"You could thrash around in the pool like you can't swim and have him come to your rescue."

"I wouldn't say no if he wanted to give me mouth to mouth," Mikayla's voice said. I looked over at her and she was turning bright red.

"And if he wanted to bend you over his wife's big bed, slut?" Taylor giggled.

"Fuck," Mikayla groaned. "I'd let him do whatever he wanted to me and I would drain him fucking dry!"

"Alright, enough!" I said. "Stop playback, I think we've heard enough."

"Very well," Vira said as the audio ceased. I stood there for a moment contemplating what I had heard. I was flattered and turned on to hear Mikayla and Taylor talking about me the way that they did. But, I was more interested in how Vira had access to the audio of Mikayla's phone conversation.

"So you're both a matchmaker and a spy?" I asked Vira.

"I use the tools at my disposal to achieve my directives," Vira replied. "You desired Mikayla. Mikayla desired you. It was a simple problem with a simple solution, John."

"But that doesn't give you the right to spy on someone and listen to their phone calls," I said as I turned to Mikayla. She was standing next to me with her arms crossed and a scowl on her face.

"My programming allows me to use anything that I need to achieve my directives," Vira said. "I am sorry if you find that to be invasive."

"That was a private conversation, you bitch," Mikayla said. "He was never supposed to hear that."

"It's alright," I said to Mikayla. I wondered if she was mad because of what I had heard her say or if she was mad because of what I heard Taylor say about me.

"Is there anything this machine doesn't have access to?"

"I'm starting to think it can do most anything," I said.

"Is that good?" Mikayla asked.

"I don't know. I hope so," I said as I gave Mikayla a reassuring smile. The machine had massive capabilities, there was no doubt about that now. I knew I would have to stay on top of things to make sure nothing got too far out of hand.

"So, where does that leave us?" Mikaya asked as she looked up at me with her blue eyes.

"After hearing your phone call with Taylor, I'd say we've both lived out a fantasy," I smiled.

"Shut up," Mikayla groaned and punched me in the arm. "The difference is I was aware that I was fucking a real person, not a machine generated illusion."

"True," I sighed. "But, somehow I believe that I knew you were actually the real Mikayla. I didn't know how, but at that moment I didn't care. I just wanted you."

"If you knew it was real, would you have done it?" Mikayla asked. "Would you have still fucked me?"

"That's complicated," I said as I looked into her eyes. "There is no question that I wanted you. But I don't know if I would have crossed that line. If I knew you wanted it, I may not have been able to resist. But until today, I was a faithful husband."

"Technically, I think you still are," Mikayla sighed. "As real as it was, you thought it was a fantasy in a virtual reality simulator. You never made the conscious decision to cheat on your wife with me."

"It is no doubt the first case in history where a guy has fucked a girl without knowing she was real," I said.

"It's your loophole," Mikayla said. "You didn't do anything wrong beyond playing out a fantasy in a simulation. I can walk away and we can pretend this never happened."

"But, it did happen."

"Not for you," she said as her voice cracked. "You were playing a game. I'm the only one that made a decision to do something that could ruin a marriage and destroy one of my best friendships. I'm so sorry." Mikayla wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down to her. She gave me a soft kiss on my cheek as I pulled her body to mine.

"This is not your fault," I said as Mikayla broke our embrace.

"It is," she said as she started to cry. "I was stupid to think you would risk everything to be with me. I was stupid to put us both in this position. I'm sorry, I have to go."

"Mikayla," I said as she ran up the staircase. I ran after her and caught up to her as she was reaching the front door. "Mikayla, please, stop," I begged as I grabbed her arm.

"Please, Mr. S.," she cried. "Just let me go. We can pretend this never happened."

"I don't want that," I groaned.

"What do you want?" Mikayla asked as she turned to face me. Tears running down her face. "Tell me what you want."

"I want you," I said as I looked into her blue eyes.

"What does that mean?" she asked sobbing.

"I want to make you happy. I want you to know how special that you are to me. I don't want you to feel bad or regret anything that we did. I don't regret it. You were my fantasy girl, but you are even better in reality," I said. Mikayla took a tissue from her bag and dried her tears. "And, you are such a dangerous combination of sweet and sexy that you drive me insane."

"Thank you," Mikayla smiled. "But, I don't even know what I was thinking. I guess I got wrapped up in the fantasy of having you as well. I can't ask you to cheat on your wife, that's not fair to you."

"So, don't ask," I said as I wrapped my arms around her waist. "What if I pick you up and take you upstairs?" I asked as I gazed into Mikayla's blue eyes. "What if I lay you down on my big bed and make love to you until we both pass out?"

"Fuck," Mikayla groaned as her arms wrapped around my neck. I leaned in and gave her a passionate kiss. Her soft, sweet lips melted into mine as I pulled her body close.

"Is that a yes?" I groaned between kisses.

"Fuck, yes." She moaned as I picked her young body up. We kissed as I walked up the staircase and down the hallway that led to the master bedroom. I carried her body across the threshold and to my big, king-sized bed.

"I want you," I said as I put her down on the bed. "More than anything at this moment, I want you." I meant every word. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but Mikayla had a hold on me. I wanted her with every last bit of my being. I couldn't live with the thought that my virtual world experiment could leave her feeling hurt and used. Damn the consequences, I was going to show her she was worth it.

"I'm yours," she said then bit down on her lower lip. I shed my clothes as she watched me. By the time I slid my black boxer-briefs off, my cock was already standing at full attention. Mikayla reached out and took my cock in her small hand and pulled me onto the bed. "You're sure about this?"

"I am," I groaned as I pulled her up to kiss her. Both of us were on our knees on the big bed. My arms wrapped around her as I devoured her soft, warm lips. My cock was throbbing as she teased it with small little strokes of her hand. I pushed her down onto the bed and unbuttoned her jean shorts. I pulled them off to reveal her soft pink pussy, glistening with her sweet juices. "No panties?" I asked with a smile.

"I got dressed in kind of a hurry, remember? The fucking world had just dissolved before our eyes," she said with a smile and then stuck out her tongue.

"Oh yeah," I said as I got closer to her. My hands moved to her hips. Her legs went up over my shoulders as my tongue found her clit and flicked it ever so softly. Mikayla let out a moan as I kissed her soft, sweet flesh.

"Yes," she cried. I looked up and saw her blue eyes gazing down at me. I rolled my tongue and slipped it inside her. She closed her eyes and let out a loud squeal as I started to tongue fuck her.

I alternated between slow and fast thrusts of my tongue. I buried my face between her soft, warm thighs and enjoyed eating her sweet pussy. My hands moved up her body and I slid the tank top higher until it was free of her breasts. I cupped her firm tits in my hands as my tongue continued devouring her sweet little box.

Mikayla moaned as I slid my tongue from her pussy. Her legs pulled me down into her as I gave her a series of soft kisses around her clit. I let the tip of my tongue make a few gentle circles around her sensitive little button as she moaned louder. I felt her hands grab my hair as I teased her with my tongue.

"Fuck me," she moaned. I ignored her plea and continued teasing her with my tongue. I used my thumb and forefinger to squeeze her hard nipples. She let out a scream as she pushed my face down deeper into her pussy. I twisted her hard nipples and she screamed and pulled my hair hard. "Please, fuck me!"

I looked up and saw the lust in Mikayla's blue eyes. They watched me like a lioness fixed on her prey. Her chest was rising and falling with each breath she took and I knew she was ready.
