 "There's nothing to explain," I said as my heart began to race. I had thought that Mikayla and I had covered all our bases. I never considered that Mikayla's mom might text or call my wife. I took a deep breath and tried to stay calm. I knew that I had options that could erase the error. With that in mind, there was no reason not to lie my ass off. "Mikayla came over Friday morning to swim, but then she left. I thought she went home, but I guess she could have gone anywhere."

"So then why does her mom think that she was here all weekend?" My wife, Kelly, asked as she shot daggers from her eyes.

"How would I know?" I asked as I sipped my coffee. "I'm sure she wouldn't be the first teenager to lie to her parents about where she was. What did her mother say when you told her she hadn't spent the weekend here?"

"I didn't tell her," my wife said as she looked down at the floor.

"Why not?" I asked as I walked over and added some fresh coffee to my mug.

"I didn't want to tell her that I wasn't home."

"Wait, so you thought that Mikayla and I were spending the weekend together?" I asked with as much shock as I could muster. "Care to tell me what you thought we were doing?"

"I don't know," my wife said with a scowl. "I saw the way you were looking at her in her hot, little red bikini."

"But you said that was cute, remember? How sweet little Mikayla had me wrapped around her little finger," I said as I tried not to smile.

"It was. Until I thought something might actually be going on," my wife said. She leaned back against the counter and crossed her arms in front of her.

"So you were jealous," I said with a big smile.

"Shut up," my wife said. "I was more concerned that you were doing something really stupid."

"Uh-huh," I said.

"What should we do about Mikayla's mom?" Kelly asked.

"You mean should we tell her that Mikayla wasn't here for the weekend?" I asked.

"Yes," Kelly nodded.

"That's up to you. Mikayla is 18 years-old. Without knowing where she was and what she was doing I'd say it's hard to make a decision," I said. I immediately bit my tongue as I knew where my wife would take it.

"I guess you're right," Kelly said. "I'll have to ask her myself."

"What did Jenny say about all this?" I asked.

"I didn't tell her anything," my wife said.

"Because you thought I was fucking Mikayla?" I asked. "What were you going to do if you came home and caught us in the act?"

"I don't know, I guess I hadn't thought it out very well," she said. "I wanted to get home to see what was going on so I told Jenny that I had a migraine. I was hoping I wasn't right about my suspicions."

"Would you like a coffee?" I asked.

"Sure," Kelly said as she walked over to the kitchen table and sat down. I took a mug from the cabinet and filled it with coffee for her.

"So, you think I have a shot with Mikayla?" I asked with a smile as I handed Kelly the mug. The look she gave me told me it was way too soon to be joking about the subject. If she only knew she was right on the money. "Sorry, I was only trying to lighten the mood."

"I know," Kelly said then let out a sigh. "These girls are making me feel old, John. They grow up so damn fast. One day they're playing with Barbie dolls and the next they look like one. How am I supposed to compete with that?"

"You are far from old," I said as I sat down across from my wife.

"I have a daughter starting college in the fall," she said as she looked into my eyes. "Face it, I am getting old."

"Then I am as well," I said.

"But, it's not fair, older men are hot. They're called distinguished and worldly. Most guys actually get better looking as they age. Older women are the exact opposite. Once we hit a certain age we are over the hill."

"I don't believe that for a minute," I said.

"Sure, you do," she said. "I don't see a whole lot of 40-year-old women appearing in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue. I see you drooling over them and the models in Victoria's Secret commercials. I bet the maximum age of those girls can hit before they're put out to pasture is about 30-years-old."

"That's just advertising."

"No, it's not. When's the last time you heard of a guy leaving his wife for an older woman?" Kelly asked then took a sip of her coffee as her brown eyes gazed at me.

"Never," I said.

"Exactly," she said as she put her mug down on the table. "I get it. I have eyes too. I am well aware that a girl like Mikayla is going to get noticed. I wish I had a body like hers."

"Why? You still look great," I said.

"See? You said I 'still' look great. What you mean is I look great for my age." My wife sighed.

"That's not what I said."

"No, but that is what you meant. Are you going to tell me that I can still compete with the teenage sex bombs like Mikayla?"

"Sex bombs?" I asked with a smile.

"You know what I mean," my wife said. "The perky little blondes with the big boobs and ponytails. They bounce around like they're defying gravity. I've seen the way men of all ages look at the cheerleaders at the high school football games."

"Well, guys do like cheerleaders."

"No kidding," she said as she rolled her eyes.

"You have nothing to worry about," I said. I knew that was the mother of all lies, but I had no idea where things with Mikayla would go. I was sure that at some point she'd get tired of me and move on. I didn't even want to consider what might happen if that wasn't true or if my wife ever did find out what we'd been doing.

"Thanks," my wife said with a smile. "I feel like I need another week at the spa."

"You deserve it," I said.

"We'd want to know if Jenny was lying to us about where she was, wouldn't we?" my wife asked.

"Sure, I think all parents would," I said. "But, we all told little white lies and then some to our parents when we were growing up."

"True." My wife nodded. "I just hate lying to Mikayla's mom."

"What did you lie to her about?" I asked.

"Well, nothing. But, I didn't correct her immediately when she texted last night about Mikayla being here for the weekend."

"Well, it would be hard to correct that now. Unless you want to tell her that you thought your husband might be fucking her teenage daughter on the side. I am sure that would go over well."

"Yeah, that is not a good idea," Kelly said. "But, I will have a talk with Mikayla. We will see what story she tells me. Anyway, how was your weekend?"

"I played around with some of the stuff in the basement, listened to Sinatra, and spent a lot of time in bed," I said with a smile.

"Have you ever figured out what any of that stuff does?"

"I am getting there. It is going to take some time, that's all. There's one computer system that can do just about anything."

"You do love your toys," she said as she got up and put her empty coffee mug into the dishwasher.

"I know," I said as I imagined everything I'd done with Mikayla over the past two days. I wondered how the amazing machine that brought us together was going to impact my life next. I heard the sound of footsteps coming down the stairs. Shortly thereafter my daughter, Jenny, bounced into the kitchen.

"Is your headache getting any better, mom?" Jenny asked.

"Yes, thanks," my wife said.

"Can I invite Mikayla over to swim?" Jenny asked. "I want to show her my new bag and the other stuff I bought. She's going to be so jealous!"

"Sure, that's fine," my wife said as she looked at me.

"Thanks, mom!" Jenny said and then bolted back up the stairs to her room. My wife's eyes were still on me. I wasn't sure if she was looking for a reaction or not but I put on my best poker face. I felt my heart start to race as I wondered what my wife was going to ask Mikayla when she got here. I was hoping that her answers would satisfy my wife and get her off the case.

I wanted to rush off and call or text Mikayla to make sure our stories were straight. I knew she wouldn't throw me under the bus or admit what we had done. Still, I didn't want her to get caught in a lie that would require drastic measures to fix. I told myself to stay calm. I smiled at my wife and she finally looked away and walked over to the fridge.

"What are your plans for the day?" I asked as I stood up and put my mug in the dishwasher.

"I haven't made any," my wife said as she opened a bottle of water she'd gotten from the fridge. "I guess I will start by having a little chat with Mikayla and see where that takes me."

"Try not to be too hard on her," I said.

"Would you fuck her?" my wife asked as her brown eyes scrutinized my reaction to the question.

"What?" I replied. I could feel my face getting red. My mind raced for the proper answer, whatever the Hell that was.

"Would you fuck Mikayla?" my wife asked again. "It's a pretty simple question."

"I'm a happily married man," I said with a smile.

"Uh-huh, but that doesn't answer the question. If sweet, little Mikayla got on her knees and started unzipping your jeans would you stop her?"

"That's not really a fair question," I said. "If she's so sweet, what's she doing on her knees unzipping my jeans?"

"So you'd want her to be slutty?"

"No, that's not what I said. She's Jenny's friend, I don't think we need to be talking about her like this," I said. My face felt like it was on fire. My mind was racing in so many directions thinking about Mikayla.

"You're right, she's Jenny's friend and she is using us as her alibi while she is off doing God knows what. Why aren't you more concerned about that?" my wife asked.

"Who said I wasn't concerned?"

"You told me not to be too hard on her like you already know what she was doing this weekend. Did she tell you something?"

"Let's say that she did tell me something. Let's also say that she asked me to keep it to myself and I agreed," I said.

"Are you fucking kidding me? So you do know where she was all weekend?"

"I believe that I do, yes," I said.

"Then you'd better start talking," my wife said as she crossed her arms and stared at me.

"Look, Kelly, I told Mikayla that I wouldn't tell anyone. If I tell you, that breaks a trust. If she finds out she might not confide in me down the road if she needs to talk about something important," I said. I impressed even myself at the level of bullshit I was able to concoct on the spot.

"I'm your wife, she's a high school girl," Kelly said as she glared at me. "You tell me what you know."

"I'm betting that Mikayla will tell you the truth. In which case you'll get your answers and I won't be the one that spilled the beans."

"I tell you what," my wife said. "You tell me exactly what you know. I won't tell Mikayla. But, if your stories don't match I'm going to start thinking that my first instincts were correct. In which case you two are not going to like that."

"Alright," I said. I knew I didn't have any other option but to come up with something good to tell my wife. I then had to hope that I could get word to Mikayla before she talked her. "She said that she and Taylor were going downtown to the music festival. Her mom didn't want her to go. I told her I'd cover for her. I told her they should call me if they had any problems."

"Jesus, John, what the hell were you thinking?"

"I didn't think it was a big deal," I said. "She's 18 years old. She'll be off at college in a few months. She's not the little girl her mom still sees her as."

"That may all be true, but it's not your place to get in the middle of that," my wife said as the doorbell rang. My heart began to race. My chance to get Mikayla alone to tell her the cover story was gone.

"Can someone get that door?" my daughter yelled from upstairs.

"Got it," I yelled back.

"I'll get it," my wife said as she looked at me. "You keep your mouth shut and let me do the talking." She walked to the front door and opened it. Mikayla smiled as she walked in. She looked stunning. She was wearing a short jean shirt and a tight, black tank top that clung to her breasts like plastic wrap. 

"Hi, Mrs. Stevens, I hear you had a fun weekend," Mikayla said with a smile as she walked into the foyer.

"I hear you did as well," my wife replied. Mikayla's smile waned a bit as she looked over at me.

"Yeah, it was alright," Mikayla said.

"Care to tell me about it?" my wife asked with all the subtlety of a criminal interrogator. I was pretty sure if she had a blinding light to shine in Mikayla's face she would have used it.

"I guess Mr. S. told you about it, huh?" Mikayla asked as she looked down at the ground.

"No, he hasn't told me anything," my wife said. "But your mom sent me a text last night. She wanted to make sure you weren't overstaying your welcome since you had spent the whole weekend here."

"I'm sorry," Mikayla said as she looked at my wife. "I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help it."

"What couldn't you help, exactly?" my wife asked. "Where were you all weekend?"

"I think we should tell her," Mikayla said as she looked at me with a devilish grin on her face.

"Tell me what?" my wife asked as her mood seemed to change from angry to worried.

"I guess there is no reason to continue sneaking around. It's time you knew, John and I are in love," Mikayla said. "We didn't mean for it to happen, but it did and we spent the whole weekend making mad passionate love."

"Mikayla!" I shouted as my wife looked at the young girl with a confused look on her face.

"What?" my wife asked, her voice shaking. "You're serious?"

"Oh, shit!" Mikayla said as she looked at my wife. "No, no, no! I was just kidding around, I thought Mr. S. had told you that I went to the music festival with Taylor."

"So you weren't here this weekend?" my wife asked, dazed.

"No, Mrs. Stevens. Don't be crazy!" Mikayla said as she went over and hugged my wife. "Here, I even have pictures on my phone." Mikayla took her iPhone out of her bag and opened the photos app. She handed it to my wife who scrolled through the pictures. "I should have never told my mom I was staying here all weekend, I'm sorry. You didn't really think that Mr. Stevens and I were having an affair, did you?"

"I don't know, I guess not," my wife said as she handed Mikayla the phone. "I guess my mind just ran away with me."

"I could never do that to you," Mikayla said. "Besides, Mr. S. isn't exactly my type. No offense, but he's a bit too old. I'd be afraid he'd have a heart attack or something."

"Hey now," I said as my wife laughed. Mikayla turned to look at me. She winked at me as my wife bought her award-winning performance as the sweet, innocent girl.

"I know what you mean," my wife said as Mikayla turned back to her.

"Are you going to tell my mom that I wasn't here this weekend?" Mikayla asked my wife.

"No, I guess that isn't necessary. You are 18 years old and you should be able to make your own decisions," my wife said.

"Thanks, Mrs. Stevens," Mikayla said as she hugged my wife once again. "I would have never said what I did if I thought you might believe it. I was just trying to lighten the mood."

"I understand," my wife said.

"So, Mr. S. didn't rat me out?" Mikayla asked my wife.

"No, he did not."

"Thanks, Mr. S.," Mikayla said as she gave me a big hug. "I'm sorry for putting you in the middle of all this."

"It's alright," I said. "You're a good kid. I knew you wouldn't get yourself into any trouble at the festival."

"Hey, Mik!" my daughter, Jenny, said as she came running down the stairs.

"Hey," Mikayla smiled. "Are we done here?" she asked my wife.

"Yes," my wife said. "You two go have fun."

"Thanks," Mikayla said with a sweet smile.

"You have to see the new bag I bought," Jenny said as she took Mikayla's hand and pulled her upstairs with her.

"I feel like such an idiot," my wife said.

"Why's that?" I asked.

"For even thinking for a moment that a sweet girl like Mikayla would ever want to fuck an old man like you." My wife smiled.

"I'm not that old," I said. "Besides, it looked like she had you going for a minute there."

"I hate to admit it, but yeah, she did."

"Thanks for not telling her I had told you about the music fest."

"You were right, she should be able to trust you with a secret or two. I would hope that Jenny would always be able to come to us with her problems but we know that kids sometimes don't want to tell their parents things. In those cases, they need someone they can trust," my wife said.

"I agree," I said. "But, I should have just told you about it when you got home."

"Yeah, but I did kind of start by accusing you of, well, you know."

"Fucking Mikayla?"

"Yeah, I hope she didn't ruin your day too much by calling you an old man," my wife said with a smile.

"I'll get over it."

"I'm sorry for accusing you," she said. "I guess I kind of snapped. When I got the text from Mikayla's mom I let my mind run away with me. I didn't even consider she might be using being at our house as a cover with her mom."

"It's ok," I said.

"No, it's not. I shouldn't have accused you of something like that without any real evidence. I feel bad."

"Don't worry about it," I said.

"So you forgive me?" my wife asked.

"Yes, of course, I do."

"I think I'll make some mimosas and soak in the hot tub for a while. Would you care to join me?"

"Sure, why not?" I smiled.

"Maybe afterward we could have a little fun," my wife said with a wink.

"I do like fun," I said. We went upstairs where Kelly put on a sexy black bikini and I slipped into my swim trunks. I could hear Mikayla and Jenny talking and laughing across the hall. The adventures that Mikayla and I had over the previous two days ran through my mind. I knew it was wrong but I wanted her.

"Looks like I need a shave," I said as I looked at my reflection in the mirror on top of our dresser.

"Ok, but don't keep me waiting for too long," Kelly said before she gave me a soft kiss.

"I won't," I said with a smile. Kelly walked out of the room to go downstairs and I went into the master bathroom and quickly shaved. My mind was racing as I plotted my next moves as I rinsed the shaving cream from the sink basin. I walked back into the bedroom and glanced out the window. Kelly was already outside and she was getting into the hot tub.

I walked into the hall and stopped in the doorway of Jenny's bedroom. Jenny was sitting on her bed texting someone as music pumped out of her computer's speakers. Mikayla was sitting on the floor looking at Jenny's new Gucci bag.

"Jenny, it's not polite to text someone when you have a guest," I said. Mikayla looked up at me and smiled.

"Sorry, dad," Jenny said.

"Don't apologize to me," I said.

"I'm sorry, Mikayla. I was rude. My dad is always right," Jenny said as she rolled her eyes.

"Your mom and I are going to be out in the hot tub if you need anything," I said.

"Ok, dad," Jenny said.

"Mikayla, where did you leave the Bluetooth speaker after you used it on Friday?" I asked.

"I put it in the basement, I can show you," Mikayla said with a grin. "I'll be right back, Jen."

"Sure," Jenny said without looking up, her fingers typing away on her cell phone. "Take your time."

Mikayla bounced down the stairs into the foyer and I followed her. She made her way down the second set of stairs and into the basement. Once I caught up to her she jumped up into my arms and kissed me hard. Her athletic legs wrapped around my torso as I wrapped my arms around her waist.

"Fuck, I want you," she said with longing in her voice.

"You are one hell of an actress," I smiled as I held her body close to mine.

"Thank you." She giggled.

"Where to?" I asked her.

"I don't care, I just want to fuck." Mikayla moaned as she started kissing my neck.

"Vira, start a simulation," I said. "Paris, a hotel suite with a view of the Eiffel Tower and a nice, big bed."

"As you wish. Simulation active," Vira's voice replied as the doors to the simulator opened.
