 I couldn't shake the feeling that the trip to see future Mikayla may have been a serious mistake. I knew that going back in the past could have serious repercussions on my timeline. Why didn't I realize that letting future Mikayla pass a note to her current self was exactly that? I had no way of knowing what future Mikayla's motivations were.

What if I was going to break off the affair with Mikayla before it got too much further out of hand? What if she resented that and always wanted our relationship to go on further? By passing that note, she may have been able to give herself the information on how to make that happen.

Not knowing the contents of the note she passed through time was driving me crazy. I tried to put it out of my mind. I told myself that the power Vira gave me would keep me in control of the situation. I knew that my ultimate downfall would most likely be the way that I craved Mikayla and her hot, young body.

My marriage to Kelly had always been good. I had never strayed and I don't think that I would have if not for the machine. I'm not saying that the only thing keeping me faithful was the fear of getting caught but it was without a doubt a factor. There are so many things that people would never do if they thought there could be repercussions. Vira changed the game and created a whole new set of rules.

Vira gave me the opportunity to explore my fantasies in an environment that I believed to be safe. What I had thought to be nothing more than a simulation had turned into the most real thing I'd ever experienced. Without Vira, Mikayla would have been nothing but a fantasy girl. She would have been like the many Victoria's Secret models and actresses that had come before her. She would have been a simple blip on the radar screen of my life.

I found myself getting more and more obsessed with Mikayla. Thoughts of her filled my head on a constant basis. No matter what I was doing I'd see her big blue eyes looking up at me or hear her passion-filled moans. There were times where I almost forgot that I was a married man with a daughter that was Mikayla's age. I was living inside a fantasy world and I was having too much fun to want to exit it.

I finally understood what addicts go through. I understood that the thing I craved most might not be good for me, but I did not care. I craved every little thing about Mikayla. She was young and beautiful and so much fun in and out of bed. I had the power to do anything that I desired with Vira, but everything always came back to Mikayla.

I thought about ways to try to break my addiction. Every last idea I came up with was impossible due to Vira. I could take my wife on a romantic vacation halfway around the world. But even at that distance, I'd still be able to sneak out for a quick fuck with Mikayla. I could fuck Taylor, or one of Mikayla's other friends, to make her hate me but Vira could erase that as well.

It was early Saturday morning. I was sitting in the kitchen having a coffee. Kelly and Jenny were still asleep upstairs. It was then that I realized that I still was not even sure of the full powers that Vira had at her disposal. I knew that she could create very realistic simulations within the simulator chamber. I knew she could pull real people into the simulator without them knowing it. I knew she could transport people throughout time. My sci-fi addled brain told me that her power covered most things that I'd grown up dreaming about. The things that I had read about and watched on the big and small screens.

Vira's simulator was right out of Star Trek The Next Generation. The time travel was right out of Doctor Who, without the need for a clunky old time machine. I was thinking that with all this power there had to be an easy solution to the Mikayla situation. It was then that another of my favorite sci-fi series popped into mind. I tossed my coffee mug into the kitchen sink and rushed downstairs to the basement lab.

"Good morning, Vira," I said.

"Good morning, John," the machine replied.

"I have a question about your abilities," I said.

"They are quite vast," Vira replied.

"I am aware," I said. "Are you aware of the television series Quantum Leap?"

"I am."

"Can you—"

"I can," Vira replied before I could even finish my question.

"Fuck, are you serious?"

"Yes, John," Vira explained. "It is not that much different from time-travel. I drop you into someone else's body and then put their consciousness on hold."

"Oh, yeah. Simple. Is there anything that you can't do?" I asked in amazement.

"I cannot tell you what choices are right for you," Vira replied.

"You cannot or will not?" I asked.

"What is the difference?" Vira countered.

"Perhaps none," I said. The scenarios relating to Vira's newly discovered ability rushed through my mind. The ability to jump into anyone's body at any point in time opened up what is normally referred to as Pandora's Box. I could fuck any woman in the world that I wanted to, at any point in history. I simply had to jump into the body of the guy, or girl, she was fucking at the time.

It would also give me the ability to question Mikayla as someone else. I could pop into Taylor's body and see exactly what she would tell her best friend. I could find out first-hand what would happen if a good-looking guy her age hit on her. There were almost too many scenarios that I would be able to run.

"Wasn't there something in Quantum Leap that prevented Dr. Beckett from traveling outside of his own timeline?" I asked Vira.

"Yes."

"Do you have that same limitation?" I asked.

"No, John. This isn't television," Vira replied.

"You're right about that," I said. "Your powers seem well beyond anything any science-fiction writer has dared dream up. I am starting to see why my uncle kept your existence a secret."

"He was a good man," Vira said.

"Yes, he was," I said as I sat down at Vira's terminal. "Vira, the car wreck that killed Uncle Rich. Could you have prevented that?"

"That is a simple question with a complicated answer," Vira replied. "Your Uncle believed that there was a certain order to the chaos of the universe. He knew that he would die at some point and that he had eluded the Grim Reaper a few times with my help."

"I can imagine," I said.

"He had some glorious adventures," Vira said. "He lived a much longer life than his tombstone might indicate. As you have already experienced, time moves in different ways for those who utilize my powers."

"Could I go back in time to prevent his death?" I asked. I was angry at myself for never even considering that thought before. I was so so wrapped up in what Vira could do for me that I never even considered that I could have saved Uncle Rich.

"No, you can not, it was one thing your uncle was quite clear on," Vira said. "He wanted you to take over for him."

"Do you have a prime directive, Vira?" I asked.

"No, John. This isn't Star Trek," Vira said in a snarky voice. "I don't care about interfering with anyone's timelines. My only directive is to provide you with what you desire."

"That's why you tricked me into fucking the real Mikayla in the first place?" I asked.

"Was that not what you desired?" Vira countered.

"That's not the point," I said. "It has put me into a situation that has complicated my life to the extreme."

"I could transport you back in time right now to that afternoon," Vira said. "You could make sure that you never fuck Mikayla in the first place. Would you like that, John?"

Vira's question replayed itself over and over in my mind as I stared at the computer screen. My life had become an odd mixture of fantasy and reality. I felt like I was inside a video game. I knew that if something bad happened, I could hit the reset switch. The question was should I hit that switch long before anything bad did happen? I am certain that a better man could have given Mikayla up at that instant, but I could not.

"No," I finally said. "I am not ready for that yet." I contemplated my next move. Should I embrace the relationship with Mikayla and ride it out for as long as I could? Should I try to find out if she was really into us for the long term? Should I fuck other women to see if I could cleanse Mikayla from my system?

All these scenarios were unthinkable before Vira. I never imagined that I would be fucking a hot teenage girl and living out some of my naughtiest fantasies. Now that I had my fantasy girl I was considering pushing the envelope. When you know that you can have anyone and do anything you desire can you ever be satisfied?

My mind kept going back to the question of what Mikaya was looking for. I told myself that if I found out she was looking for a fling that I could have fun with it. It would be a short-term thing and after it was over I could go back to my normal life. I knew the logic had some serious flaws, but it was the best idea I had at the time.

I knew that my daughter and Mikayla were going to a party at Taylor's house that night. It was a big, overblown graduation party that Taylor's parents were throwing for her. I figured it would be a good chance to test out Vira's body-swapping powers.

"Vira," I said, "I'd like to drop in on Taylor's graduation party tonight. Is there a certain guy that will be there that you'd suggest I pop into in order to tempt Mikayla?"

"Are you sure you want to do that?" Vira asked.

"Why? Is it a bad idea?"

"It is neither good nor bad," Vira said. "But, you would be creating a scenario that otherwise wouldn't have existed. You could cause Mikayla to do something she wouldn't have otherwise done."

"I understand what you're saying, but I'll be careful. I want to see how she acts around other guys that show interest in her."

"Very well," Vira said. "In that case, I'd suggest Ryan James. He is quite popular with the girls. He is heading off to Duke on a basketball scholarship in the fall."

"What will he remember after I pop back out of his body?" I asked.

"Most likely not much, especially if he had already been drinking at the party," Vira said.

"Alright," I said. "That's the plan then." I went on about my day. I had lunch with my wife and daughter but struggled to keep my mind on anything but that night. I was nervous about popping into someone else's body. I was also worried about what I would find. If Mikayla gave in to my advances as Ryan I thought I could be absolutely crushed.

I spent about an hour in our home gym trying to work out all my nervous energy. I tried to focus on positive things. Maybe Mikaya wouldn't show any interest in other guys. Maybe I could just have fun and enjoy a high school party as a teenager would. No matter what, it would be an adventure.

After my daughter, Jenny, left for the party my wife headed out for a girls' night with a few of her friends. I played a few video games to kill some time. Then I took a shower and got ready for the evening. I went down to the basement and took a deep breath.

"Ok, Vira," I said. "I'm ready to see what kind of night Ryan James is about to have."

"Please enter the simulator," Vira said as the doors to the hidden area opened. I walked into the room and the door closed behind me. I stood there for a couple of moments. I felt my body tingle and then saw a flash of light. When my eyes cleared I was standing in Taylor's family room with a beer in my hand. There were two guys in front of me going on about the girls at the party.

"Look at that dress that Taylor has on," the first guy said. "I just want to bend her over and spank that ass!"

"No shit!" the second guy laughed. "You should fucking hit that, Ry! You know she wants you."

"Yeah, maybe," I smiled. I was pretty sure the guys I was talking to were named Tim and Mark, but I wasn't 100% sure. As if she could read my mind, Vira's voice appeared inside my head.

"Yes, John. You're speaking to Tim Martin and Mark Watson. I guess you'd call them Ryan's posse," Vera's voice said.

"But what about Mikayla?" I asked before taking a sip of my beer. I looked around the room, everyone was well dressed. It was a lot like a high school prom but the alcohol was out in the open.

"Fuck," Mark said. "I'd pound her little pussy all day and all night, bro!"

"Yeah, bro," Tim said, "But she's the fucking ice queen, man."

"Yeah," I said. "It seems that way."

"Have you ever made a run at her, Ry?" Mark asked.

"You have not," Vira's voice said in my head.

"No, what's the point, right?" I asked.

"Maybe you'd get lucky," Tim laughed.

"Fuck, look at her fucking dress," Mark said as he smacked my shoulder and motioned to the other side of the room. Mikayla and Jenny were standing there talking. Mikaya was wearing a sexy red dress that showed off her breasts and cute little ass. The matching red heels and red lipstick made her a stunning sight.

"Yeah, she looks good in red," I smiled.

"Fuck her, look at Jenny!" Mark said. My daughter was wearing a little black dress that made her look very grown up. The spiked high-heels shot her inches over Mikayla. Jenny was 5'7" without the heels and about 5'11" with them. I hadn't anticipated this conversation when preparing for the night.

"She is cute," was all I managed to say.

"She is prime," Mark said. "I'd love to make her scream my name over and over and over."

"Maybe it's time to melt the ice queen," I said as I gave the guys a smile and then started across the room. I told myself to play the part of the cocky high school stud who was used to getting what he wanted.

"Hello, girls," I said as I walked up to Mikayla and my daughter.

"Hi, Ryan," Jenny said with a smile. Mikayla looked up at me as if I was interrupting an important conversation.

"What, I don't even get a hello?" I asked as I looked into Mikayla's big, blue eyes.

"Hello," Mikayla snapped back. "Are you happy now?"

"Whoa," I said as I tried to smile. "Did I do something to you that I'm not aware of?"

"I know your type, Ryan," Mikayla said. "I know how shitty you were to Kendall when you were going out."

"Kendall's a fucking bitch," Jenny said. It was the first time I ever heard my daughter use such language. "She likes to play the martyr. But, I heard she was blowing half the fucking school while she and Ryan were together."

"I don't know about that," I said. "There were things I could have handled better. We all learn as we go along. Haven't you ever done anything that you're not proud of, Mikayla?"

"Nope," she replied. Her blue eyes glaring at me with contempt.

"Really?" I asked with a smile. "No dirty little secrets that you're keeping from your friends, Mik?"

"Come on, Jenny," Mikayla said as she gave me a worried look. "Let's go and mingle a bit."

"Bye, Ryan," Jenny smiled as Mikayla dragged her off towards the patio. I stood there and watched them walk away. I finished my beer as they went outside and decided it was time for another.

I felt pretty good that Mikayla didn't flirt with the high school jock I was inhabiting. I wondered if she really did want us to be something more than a fling. I grabbed another beer and made small talk with some guys by the bar. I looked outside and watched Mikayla and my daughter through the large windows. There was no shortage of guys hitting on them and Mikayla seemed to shoot them all down.

I sipped my beer as I watched the two girls. It was the first time that I had consciously acknowledged the fact that Mikayla was the same age as my daughter. Mikayla always seemed to be older and a bit more mature than Jenny. Looking at the two of them now they both looked like women, not girls. I knew the difference in age between Mikayla and me was an issue from the start. Standing there watching the girls, I questioned the viability of a long-term relationship. Regardless, I wasn't ready to give up the fantasy girl just yet.

A DJ started playing music and a lot of the party-goers started dancing. I finished my beer and tossed the can into the trash. I saw Mikayla and Jenny coming in from outside. I wanted to grab Mikayla and ravage her. I thought about telling her who I was but realized she'd know I was checking up on her. Mikayla and Jenny started dancing together to the dance music. Mikayla looked so damn good in her red dress that I could feel my teenage hormones raging.

Mikayla's sexy body dancing in her tight red dress had my teenage body ready to pop. I figured that it was a good time to get the hell out of there. I was looking for a secluded place to pop out. I didn't know how the real Ryan would react as he regained control of his body. With all the beer that I'd had, I thought he might be ready to pass out.

I slipped through a door into Taylor's dad's office. I closed the door behind me and I was about to give Vira the command to take me home when I heard Taylor's voice.

"Hi, Ry," Taylor said. She was wearing a form-fitting burgundy mini dress with a hem about 8" above her knees. The front was low cut and her ample cleavage was on display. Her long, slender legs seemed to go on forever. The black, lace-up platform pumps she was wearing made her about 6' tall.

"Hey," I said as my eyes took her in. My cock jumped a little at the sight of her in her sexy party dress. "This is one hell of a bash you have going."

"It's ok, but it could be better," she said as she closed the distance between us and put her arms up around my neck.

"Oh, yeah?" I asked with a grin as I wrapped my arms around her thin waist.

"Yeah," she grinned as she stared up at me with her hazel eyes. "What are you doing in here?"

"The same thing you are," I said as I tried to come up with a better answer.

"You're a bad boy." Taylor giggled. "But I get it, I prefer the good stuff too. Would you like a glass?"

"Yes." I nodded.

I watched as Taylor walked to the cabinet on the wall and opened it. She browsed through the bottles inside the cabinet. Her long, slender body in the tight dress she was wearing wasn't doing anything to ease my raging hormones.

"Johnny Walker Blue Label?" she asked. "Or how about some 23-year-old Pappy Van Winkle?"

"Either," I said.

"Let's drink my pappy's Pappy," Taylor said with a smile as she opened the bottle. She poured two glasses of about three fingers of whiskey into each of the nice crystal glasses. She walked seductively back to me carrying the glasses. The way that she moved was pure poetry. She smiled a wicked smile as she handed me my glass.

"Thank you," I said as I looked into her eyes.

"To the good stuff," she said as she tapped her glass against mine.

"To the good stuff," I said then took a sip. Taylor's eyes stayed on mine as the whiskey coated my tongue then disappeared down my throat. "Damn, this is good."

"Let's sit on the couch," she said as she took my hand and led me over to the over-sized leather couch against the wall. I sat down and she sat down right next to me. I doubt a piece of paper could have slipped between us at that point.

"So, what did you do to piss off little miss perfect?" Taylor asked.

"You mean Mikayla?" I countered.

"Yeah." Taylor giggled. "She didn't look too happy when she stormed off from you earlier."

"I thought you two were close," I said as I sipped my drink then put the glass down on the table next to the couch.

"We are," Taylor said with a smile. "She's just been a little weird lately. Like she's hiding some big, important secret." Taylor sipped her bourbon as her eyes probed mine.

"Any idea what her big, important secret is?" I asked.

"Yeah," Taylor said. "I mean, I think, maybe."

"So, no?" I smiled.

"I don't know for sure. All I can say is, she's been acting weird since she spent an afternoon swimming at Jenny's house a while ago," Taylor said.

"She seems to be getting along fine with Jenny," I said. Doing my best to play dumb.

"Yeah, I don't think she's fucking Jenny," Taylor said before taking a sip of the bourbon.
