 Katrina stared at her naked body in the mirror. She admired her freshly shaved pussy and clip on clit ring. She loved the way it clamped her pussy shut and it's dangling nature rubbed her clit to a state of perpetual arousal. If she had planned on putting on panties they would be instantly soaked. The sweet wetness of her arousal was seeping down her legs. She had on red stiletto heels and a large gold pendant that hung down between her perky B-cup breasts. She pinched and played with her nipples getting them aroused. There were times when she envied the girls with the larger breasts, for the attention they got during the day, but not at night. Katrina owned the night.

She took the stretchy, slinky, red dress and stepped into it. When it was lying inert on her bed it looked to be little more than a tube top, The material was so fantastically stretchy, She pulled it up to just over her breasts and then grabbed the bottom hem and pulled it down to cover her pussy. It was her favorite dress for clubbing. She wore it out from her dorm at Georgetown every Friday night. It spent Saturday on some hot guys floor and she was back out in it again Saturday night. Sunday night it saw her home after a third night at the clubs, always dark ones on Sunday because the dress was always showing it's milage by then. Finally she would come home early looking to all the world like she struck out three nights running, never revealing she went home with two different hot guys and rode a dozen different cocks on the dance floor.

She carefully touched up her makeup and grabbed her small clutch purse. It was just big enough to hold her metro card and cell phone. She never needed cash, guys always bought for her. Food, drinks, jewelry, clothing, it was all hers for the asking. A last quick tug down on the hem of her dress and she was ready to go. 

She walked out of the dorm to meet her friends at a small diner, where they would make their plans for the night. Sally and Stacy were already waiting inside, sitting on the laps of basketball stars, drinking coffee. Georgetown had done well this year in the tourney an contrary to NCAA rules the star players were flush with cash from boosters.

Katrina walked up to a tall player who she knew from previous experience wasn't well hung, but was always good for a cup of coffee. She sat on his lap and placed his hand between her thighs. "Could I have a cup of coffee"

The basketball player cupped her thigh, his thumb tickling her pussy. He waved across the crowded diner to a waitress, pointed to his coffee and then to Katrina and smiled the waitress held up an cup and he gave her a thumbs up.

Katrina was halfway to an orgasm when the coffee arrived. She quickly stirred in a large amount of cream and Splenda. "Light and sweet, just like me." she always used to joke. She sipped the coffee and talked with her friends. 

"Hey baby, why don't you come back to my place for a little one on one." The jock said cupping her thigh tightly.

"No one on one. I might consider three on three, and would jump at three on one." Her friends looked at her.

"We're going clubbing." Sally said standing up. 

Katrina looked at the guys. "Three on one, going once?" She reached down and started to rub the bulge forming in the ball player's lap. It was bigger than she remembered but still not huge. He looked at his buddies.

"Going twice." Katrina said and started to vigorously stroke him. 

"Come on guys? She is the best piece of ass you'll ever have." They lowered their heads and looked away.

Katrina stroked and squeezed the front of the young players jeans. He groaned and a wet spot formed in the front.

"Sorry pal, no sale." She kissed his forehead, then his nose and then bit his lower lip and pulled away.

Katrina giggled and joined arms with her friends. "So where are we going?"

"Dupont Circle?"

"Bait to draw in the straight guys so the gays can show them the error of their ways? No thanks."

"A few hits of E and a lot of them aren't to particular whose ass they put a penis in."

"Capitol Hill?"

"Groped by broke staffers and married congressmen from flyover states? Does this dress look like Ann Fucking Taylor?"

"Well we can't hang around here, we might as well just go back with the basketball team."

The waitress walked up and interrupted them. "There is a place I like to go my nights off, it's an underground club. It's incredibly exclusive, you won't get in unless... Well you'll have to earn it, but it is *really* worth it." She handed them a flat black plastic card. Katrina flipped it over and saw the words, "J Street" written in letters danced with fire. She was mesmerized and flipped the card back over. This time instead of being blank there was the word "Chinatown." Katrina was dubious and then she got a good look at the waitress. She looked old, maybe even 40, but her body was perfect, callipygian, with sculpted calves and massive tits that seemed to defy gravity. Even though she had slight crows feet and laugh lines, Katrina knew men would be lined up 5 deep in a club to buy her drinks. If the waitress were dressed up properly, and at the same club, she and her friends would be wondering when that fucking cougar is going to leave.

Katrina stared at the card and then looked at the waitress. The waitress winked at her and walked back to the pass. The words, the waitress said echoed in her head, "You have to work for it, but it's worth it."

"It's not even a proper fucking address. It just says 'J Street, Chinatown'" Sally said.

"It's not like Chinatown is that big, we'll find this place. How about this. If we don't find it, or we can't get in, or it sucks, I'll go out tomorrow night in old holey granny panties. You can pick them."

"Fuck, I would waste the whole night to see that."

The three of them set off on the metro and rode to Chinatown. When they got out of the subway they started checking their cell phones looking for "J Street". When they couldn't find anything they set out north from I Street. When they reached K Street, Sally said, "Come on Granny Panties, we are only 6 blocks from this really great pub by Lafayette Square."

In desperation Katrina walked up to an old Chinese beggar who was sitting on a heating grate. "We are looking for 'J Street'." She asked.

"Suck my dick and I'll show you." 

Katrina thought of her dignity, then she thought of granny panties and incessant heckling she would get for them. She knelt down and then started to undo the old man's pants. He was wearing a set of threadbare jeans, worn out in the crotch and fraying at the hems. She undid the button and lowered the zipper and saw a pair of baggy yellowed briefs. He stunk to high hell but now she was committed. She skipped the fly and pulled down his briefs. 

She was shocked at how much worse he smelled when after she had pulled them down. She grabbed his cock and started to jerk it a bit and it sprung to life. Katrina lowered her mouth and took him in. She was surprised at how good his cock tasted in her mouth, it was the most wonderful thing in the world. She started to suck on him harder and slid a hand down to the hem of her dress and pulled it up baring her soaking pussy.

The cock was growing in her mouth and she started to rub her pussy lips. She bobbed her head down into his crusty pubes and ran her fingers over her bald twat. The smell was even more intense now but instead of repulsing her, it was turning her on. She drove a finger into her pussy and then two.

Katrina lifted her head up sucking on his cock, never letting the delicious morsel leave her lips. The smell was intoxicating as she swirled the head with her tongue and the teased the hole. It twitched in her mouth and she tasted a drop of his precum and orgasmed. She felt the wave of pleasure sweep over her and she collapsed forward, the man's cock driving deep down her throat. 

She had sucked off the entire basketball team at one point or another but no cock had felt as huge as this. She swore that he was impaled all the way to her stomach. She swallowed hard, her throat muscles massaging his still growing cock. 

She heard a click and saw a bit of a flash out of the corner of her eye. Her friends were photoing her. For some reason the humiliation turned her on even more. She pulled back and felt the cock sliding out of her throat. She had a hand on his thigh and her elbow was fully extended and still the cock was in her mouth. The head felt like it was the size of her fist and cock had to be longer than her arm. He jaw was screaming in pain as she madly fingered her pussy. She was getting close to cumming and started to swallow his cock. She only made it half way down when the cock was too big to get her mouth around. She backed off some more and then felt his cock shudder and shake. 

He was cumming down her throat. She was disappointed that he too deep for her to taste his cum but at the same time she was glad because she was sure if he came in her mouth she would drown. When the throbbing stopped she felt the cock slowly shrink to a more manageable size. She got a taste of the tail end of his cum and it was the most wonderful thing that she had ever tasted. She sighed contentedly at the taste knowing that nothing would ever taste as good as his cum had right then.

She stood up and turned to her friends, "Let me see the fucking pictures." 

"Chill, we didn't get your face."

She grabbed their phones and started to look at the pictures. Fortunately her friends had only gotten a bit of her long hair and a lot of her fingers in her pussy, as well as several of the mans enormous cock. It was so huge it looked like a bad photoshop. She had seen less well endowed horses.

She then turned to the old man and demanded, "Where is it? Where is J Street?"

"There is no J Street." He said giggling and faded from view. The three girls stared at where he had been in disbelief. In twenty seconds he went from real and stinking flesh to an apparition and a figment of their imagination.

"Come on Granny Panties. It's midnight and we have clubs to hit. You might have gotten cock but we weren't so lucky."

Katrina became intimately aware of just how full her stomach was and the lines on her knees from kneeling on the grate. "You go on girls. I am going to just go home."

"Okay, but no welshing on the bet."

"I'll do it." She said and headed back south, as her friends walked west. As she walked down the street she saw a little curio shop halfway up to I Street. She could have sworn it hadn't been there when they walked by the first time. She knew for certain that it's lights hadn't been on. A strong smell of strange foods and old books poured from it. She turned and entered the shop.

The shop looked exactly like what she imagined such a place must look like. Little figurines and bracelets made of jade, bronze ornaments, lacquerware boxes and bins filled with unidentifiable plant matter. There were bamboo scrolls covering all the walls and a few bright red dresses on hangers. The smell of a strange incense filled the air. She felt the world spin slightly but she felt exhilarated at the same time. It was a drug, but like none she had even had. She felt the friendship and love of when she had taken E and the expanding consciousness of pot, but there was so much more to it. Everything took on a slight shimmer and an inner glow.

The thing that surprised her was that the man behind the counter looked exactly like the homeless man she had just sucked off. The only difference was that he was clean and dressed in khakis and a short sleeved oxford.

"You must be here for the club." He said and reached under the counter, pressing a hidden button. A cabinet in the back of the shop swung open revealing loud music with a pounding baseline. Haze from a smoke machine poured out illuminated by a red light from beneath. Katrina walked forward and saw a black metal staircase leading down.

Katrina took a nervous step through the secret passage and it silently swung closed behind her. She walked down the stairs, her head starting to feel light as she recognized the familiar smell of marijuana mixed with the sweet smell of stage smoke. The staircase switched back and revealed a large room filled with naked dancing people. At the front of the room were two DJ stations. 

One of them was staffed by a naked man with his skin painted a florescent blue. He glowed under harsh black lights. He was quickly spinning records and shifting them from a large stack onto turntables, playing a bit and then shifting them off. The other DJ station was currently idle but there was a statuesque blonde with massive tits and a shock of platinum pubic hair, whose body was painted florescent red. She was not currently lit and was off to the side drinking heavily from a glass of water.

Katrina stood mesmerized. Sweat was pouring off the male DJ as he reached the end of his stack. He spun a bit of a track and a low thrumming shook Katrina's body. It felt like it was tuned to her uterus. She could feel her insides resonating to the tone and she was turned on beyond belief. 

The DJ shouted into a microphone, "One!" He scratched back and the thrumming was louder and more intense. Katrina loved the sound of his voice, a clear deep tone that echoed out, "Two." The record skritched back and the thrumming resumed, Katrina almost collapsed as the DJ shouted, "Three". The thrumming resumed mixed with a higher picthed buzz as the female DJ started to spin her records. The vibrations from the speakers were so intense that she felt her insides contract in an orgasm like she had never felt before. Not only did her clit throb and pussy clench down, it felt like her uterus was knotting itself sucking non existent cum deep into her. She knew that if she had been recently fucked, no birth control would have stopped that pregnancy. It was her body screaming for new life, screaming for cock, screaming for a baby, screaming for sex.

She wasn't sure, but she thought while she was experiencing the orgasm that someone had taken off her dress. She knew she was naked but she wasn't sure how it happened. She walked out onto the dance floor and saw that everyone was not only naked but they were painted different colors. There were people whose skin was red, orange, yellow, green, and blue. Everyone was naked and all of the men sported erections. She casually stroked a muscular man with a veiny cock as she walked by. His skin was a bright blue. She smiled as he cupped her breast and pinched a nipple. She walked on breaking the contact with him. He quickly went and started to fuck a bright green woman.

Katrina ran a finger over her pussy and smiled. It was then the she noticed her skin was glowing a bright red. She wasn't worried about it with so many strange things happening to her that night and so many delightful cocks around. There were just as many naked women as well. One of the women, who was overweight but still moved in a graceful manner grabbed her by the shoulders and gave her a deep kiss on the lips. She could feel the woman's large breasts pressing against her smaller ones and the woman's large belly pressed against her flat one.

She closed her eyes and enjoyed how the woman's tongue expertly probed her mouth. She had never been into lesbianism but this was turning her on. The woman held her close and she closed her eyes and started to rub one of the woman's breasts. She then felt the heat of another person behind her and a hairy chest against her back. The man's cock was probing between her butt cheeks and she felt it slide easily into her asshole. She had never had a man slide in that easily. He was working her ass quickly as his hand reached around and rubbed her clit. She was in paradise as she cupped the woman's breast. It was so wonderful with his cock in her ass and the rhythmic pounding of the music.

Katrina decided that it was time to help the woman out. She reached between them and started to grope for the lady's fleshy pussy. She was surprised not only to find a cock in there but a hand stroking the woman's clit. She held the hand that was rubbing the other woman's clit. She wasn't sure how many people were now clustered around her but she loved the feeling of breasts and thighs and asses and cocks rubbing and gyrating around her.

She heard the higher pitched whine from the front sound through over the moans and groans of the crowd around her. The female DJ shouted "One" and the cock in her ass throbbed as the man drove deeply into her. Her ass clenched around him holding him tightly. The squeal resumed and the DJ shouted, "Two", her melodic voice commanding all the men in the room to cum. She felt the man slump against her. The press of the crowd must have been the only thing holding him up. The whine picked up another time and the DJ shouted "Three" and then age old thrum that made her body ache for sex picked up and she drifted into an intense orgasm. The crowd spread apart and mostly went back to dancing. 

She made her way over to the edge of the room and grabbed a bottle of cold water. The large blue woman followed her and kept her hand on Katrina's ass. The corner was still loud, but it was quiet enough that they could hold a bit of conversation.

"Was it your first time?"

"With a woman? I've played around some with friends but nothing serious."

"No, I mean here in the club. You seemed new to it."

"Yeah, this is incredible. I can't wait to bring my friends."

"I don't think you will be able to; only people who are in the book can come here. I hope to see you back again soon, you are a marvelous kisser." With that the woman grabbed a nearby man's cock and used it to drag him out to the dance floor where she threw a chubby thigh over his shoulder and, doing the splits, impaled herself on his cock. She winked at Katrina and then was separated from her by a wall of people.

The water helped clear her head but things were still spinning. The music was pounding and she saw that the DJ's were getting ready to switch again. She didn't think she could take it. She ran toward the back where things were quieter and then charged up the stairs. It was dark at the top and the door was closed. She slammed her naked body against it and nothing happened. She heard the incessant hum, the implacable call to orgasm that the DJ's played when they swapped. She could feel her body tensing. She banged on the door with her fists. If she didn't get out soon she wasn't sure what would happen to her. She slammed her shoulder against the door again. The thrum was building and she could feel the wetness from her pussy running down her legs. She backed up and gave it one last shove and then blacked out.

Katrina woke up alone in her bedroom. There was a red dress crumpled on the floor and her purse was on the night stand. She wondered if it all had been some strange dream. She couldn't remember how she got home, the last thing she knew was that she was in the club. Maybe it was all just a dream.

She picked up her phone and looked at it. She had dozens of messages from Sally and Stacy. There were photos of them sitting on the lap of a young handsome Senator, then them doing lines of coke with the Senator, then the Senator doing lines of coke off of what looked like Stacy's ass. She was fairly certain it was Stacy. Sally had some trashy lyrics tattooed on her left but cheek.

She saved off those photos for possible use later. Finally she got to the proof that the past night had been at least partially real. There was the picture of her sucking off the homeless man. Kneeling down on the heating grate with what looked like a smallish cock between her lips.

She knew that wasn't right. The guy had been huge. He was inhumanly big, but now in the light of day it looked like she could hide it in a clenched fist. She deleted the pictures of her, but like the pictures of the Senator, she knew there were more copies and that she could never be free of them.
