 My heart was racing and I felt myself covered in sweat. My mind was reeling from seeing the picture of Mikayla and me dancing in the Sinatra book. It shook me to my core. Could it be possible that the machine had actually sent us back in time? If so, then the machine was much more powerful than a virtual reality simulator. The question was becoming how much more powerful was it?

I tried to figure out a logical explanation but they were hard to come by. Neither of the two explanations that I came up with eased my mind at all. Either the machine did send us back in time or Mikayla and I hadn't left the simulator after our first encounter. Of course, if the later was true than Mikayla might not even be real. She seemed so perfect that I was leaning towards the first option. Of course, there was no way to know for certain.

I was afraid to even mention the second scenario to Mikayla. I couldn't bear for her to think I was questioning whether she was real or not. While it was possible that the machine was deceiving me, I did not believe that it was. I thought about the night before and how I hadn't asked Vira to create a simulation. Instead, I asked her to transport Mikayla and me to an exotic time and location for our romantic dinner. I learned an important lesson, words mean things.

"You think we actually traveled back in time?" Mikayla asked me as she put the Sinatra book down on the coffee table.

"Yes, I do. I can't think of any other explanation," I said as I looked into her blue eyes.

"That's crazy."

"I know. It brings up so many more questions. The machine obviously has capabilities that I had never dreamed would be possible."

"Maybe we shouldn't talk about it here," Mikayla said. "It's probably listening to us."

"That's true. But, where would we have privacy?" I asked. "If it was able to access your cell phone it can access any and all devices. We'd have to go off the grid entirely."

"Does the machine have to obey you?" Mikayla asked.

"I'm not sure," I said with a groan. "It did bring you to me because it knew I wanted you. It seems its programming is to give the user what it desires. So far it has only followed my instructions."

"Then maybe we shouldn't be too worried and just enjoy the adventure," Mikayla said.

"That's true, but we need to be careful," I said. "A simulation is one thing but messing around with time travel is another. If there's one thing I've learned from 'Back to the Future' it's that bad things can happen if you mess with your own past."

"I agree, we have to be careful," Mikayla said as her phone chirped. She picked it up and read the text message on the screen.

"Anything important?" I asked.

"It's Taylor again," Mikayla said. "She asked if you made me breakfast in bed."

"She's a little too nosy for her own good, isn't she?" I asked.

"Yeah, she can be," Mikayla said with a sigh. "She's probably just jealous."

"I don't care what she is, as long as she keeps her mouth shut."

"I wish I'd have turned my phone off last night. Then she wouldn't have known I stayed over."

"We need to jailbreak your iPhone. We can add software that will let you manipulate the GPS coordinates of your phone," I said.

"You can do that?" Mikayla asked.

"Yes. There's an app called 'Fool My Friends,' or something like that. It only works on a device that has been jailbroken."

"It would have been helpful to know that yesterday."

"No kidding," I said.

"Wait," Mikayla said with a smile. "We have a time machine. Could we add the program to my phone now and then take it back to yesterday?"

"I don't know," I said. "Theoretically it should work. I don't like the idea of messing with our own timelines though."

"It's just swapping out a phone," Mikayla said. "With the same phone."

"I guess it would be an interesting experiment," I said.

"Let's do it," Mikayla said with a smile.

"You're sure?" I asked her.

"Yes," she said as she handed me her iPhone. "Do whatever you have to do."

We went down into the basement lab and plugged Mikayla's phone into my MacBook Pro. She put in her lock code and I went through the process of jailbreaking the phone. Once that was complete I installed the GPS software as Mikayla watched me.

"This is so cool," she said with a smile.

"Wait," I said. "If I take this phone back in time then I'll have to bring the other one back."

"So?"

"I'm not sure how that would work," I said with a groan. "Would the old version of the phone, once brought into the future, now be the present version of the phone?"

"What?" Mikayla asked, confused.

"Continuity," I said. "It may be a better idea to go back to yesterday and make the changes to that phone."

"Whatever you think would work," she said.

"Vira?"

"Yes, John?" the machine answered.

"Can you transport me back to yesterday?"

"Yes, I can. Please provide me with a time and place."

"The foyer of this house, after I took Mikayla up to my bedroom," I said as Mikaya smiled at me.

"I'm ready anytime you are," Vira said.

"Alright," I said as I got up. I gave Mikayla a kiss and then picked up my laptop and a USB cable. I handed her iPhone to her with a smile, "Wish me luck."

"Good luck." She smiled.

"I'll need your phone's lock code," I said.

"I guess you will," Mikayla said as she started to blush.

"How bad can it be?" I asked.

"It's JS+MP=42."

"42? As in the answer to life, the universe, and everything?" I asked with a smile.

"Yes."

"You are one sexy nerd."

"Says the man with a time machine," Mikayla said with a sweet smile.

"Point taken," I said. I kissed her again then walked towards the hidden doorway. It opened and I walked through. I was in my foyer. Mikayla's bag was on the floor where I expected it to be. I opened the bag and retrieved her iPhone. I connected it to my laptop and went through the jailbreaking procedure.

As I watched the progress bar on my screen, I could hear Mikayla moaning upstairs. It was a surreal experience knowing that she and I were upstairs on my bed fucking as I was down in the foyer. The jailbreaking process completed as Mikayla screamed upstairs. I smiled as I installed the GPS spoofing program on the phone.

I programmed the app to show Mikayla's location to Taylor as being at home instead of at my house. If everything went as planned, Taylor would never know that Mikayla spent the night with me. Once I had finished, I slipped Mikayla's phone back into her bag. I closed my laptop and put the USB cable in my pocket.

"Vira," I said. "Bring me home."

My foyer dissolved and I was back in the simulation chamber. I walked to the door and back into the basement lab. Mikayla was sitting at the desk by Vira's terminal with a big smile on her face.

"Welcome back," she said as she got up and ran to me. She threw her arms around my neck, jumped up into my arms and kissed me.

"It's good to be back," I said with a smile as I tried to hold onto Mikayla and my laptop at the same time. I put the laptop down on the desk and then wrapped both of my arms around Mikayla's soft, warm body.

"You are a genius," she said and then kissed me hard again.

"So, it worked?" I asked.

"Yes!" she said as she broke our embrace. She grabbed her phone off the desk and handed it to me. I looked at the screen. Taylor's messages about Mikayla spending the night were gone. They had been replaced by a text from Taylor asking how Mikayla's day at our pool went.

"What are you going to tell her?" I asked.

"That it was a pretty boring day," Mikayla said with a smile.

"You could tell her that you tried to seduce me but failed," I said with a laugh.

"Fuck, no!" Mikayla said. "Then she'd probably make a run at you."

"What?" I asked. "On second thought, I don't even want to know what the two of you have talked about."

"You realize what this means?" Mikayla asked as she held up her iPhone. "We can change things from the past. There is no doubt this is a full-fledged time machine. Vira, you are fucking awesome!"

"Thank you," the machine answered.

"We have to be careful," I said. "We cannot treat this like a toy. The things we do can have very serious repercussions. We don't want to set a series of events into motion that we cannot control."

"I know," Mikayla said with an evil grin. "But, we can do anything! We can let your wife or Jenny catch us in bed and then hit rewind. It's the ultimate get out of jail free card, right?"

"We should only do something like that in the direst situations," I said. "Vira, you've told me that no serious injuries can occur in the simulator. Is the same true if we are utilizing the device for time travel?"

"No," the machine replied. "I have much less control over those situations."

"Another reason why we have to be careful," I said. "The past is a minefield. If we make a small change somewhere it could have major implications for the future. The whole butterfly effect."

"I get it," Mikayla said. "We'll be careful."

"It doesn't mean we can't have any fun," I said. "What would you like to do today?"

"I'd be ok with spending the day in bed," Mikayla said with a smile.

"But where should that bed be?" I asked.

"How about a honeymoon suite in paradise?" Mikayla asked as her face lit up.

"Vira, create a simulation of a honeymoon suite somewhere in Hawaii. Something with a balcony and view of the ocean," I said.

"Simulation is active," the machine said as the door opened. I picked Mikayla up into my arms and carried her into the simulator. I recognized the suite as being the same one Vira created earlier. The one where the virtual Mikayla was not quite right.

"This is awesome," Mikayla said with a smile as she looked around the sitting room. "A girl could get used to this."

"I'm glad," I said with a smile then kissed Mikayla's soft, sweet lips. I carried her into the bedroom and put her down gently on the big king-sized bed. The French doors that led out onto the balcony were open and a warm, tropical breeze filled the room. 

"This is still so hard to comprehend," Mikayla said as she took off my daughter's robe. She tossed it onto a chair in the corner. She looked up at me as she kneeled on the bed wearing only my daughter's Taylor Swift t-shirt.

"Which part?" I asked with a smile as I tossed my robe onto the same corner chair. I stood there for a moment in my black Calvin Klein boxer-briefs taking in Mikayla's beauty.

"All of it," she said. "Yesterday seems like a lifetime ago."

"I know what you mean."

"I used to wonder what it would be like to be with you," Mikayla said with a soft smile. "I had no idea that it would be such an adventure. Even without the machine, it would have been amazing, but this is crazy."

"Yes, it is," I said as I sat down on the bed. Mikayla moved behind me and started rubbing my shoulders. "I still don't think I've fully processed that my fantasy has become a reality."

"Is that good or bad?" she asked as she softly nibbled on my neck.

"It's both," I said. "You are absolutely amazing."

"Thank you," Mikayla said. "So that's the good part, what's the bad part?"

"That you are absolutely amazing," I said with a groan as I felt Mikayla's soft tongue tracing my earlobe.

"I don't understand," Mikayla said. "How is me being amazing a bad thing?"

"Because, now that I've had you, how could I ever be without you?"

"Who says you have to be?" Mikayla asked as she pulled me down onto the bed.

"Mikayla, I'm married," I said. I looked up into her blue eyes as she straddled me. "And, you will be heading off to college in just a matter of weeks. Let's not forget that I'm old enough to be your father."

"So what?"

"Look, I know this was never meant to be a long-term thing."

"Who said that?" Mikayla asked with a smile.

"I don't know how it could work any other way," I said.

"You have a time machine," she said. "Anything is possible. If you want it."

She had a point. The machine made a big difference. It seemed that I could bend the universe to suit my whims. The machine gave me options that were not available to anyone else. The amount of power that it had concerned me and I had to keep reminding myself to use the power wisely.

"So this isn't just a fling to you?" I asked.

"I don't know," Mikayla said. "I guess I always thought if you and I got together that it would be just a fling. I never allowed myself to consider anything else. Now, I know it's crazy, but I think I may be falling for you."

"Mikayla," I said as she leaned closer. "This is all happening so fast. This machine makes it so easy to forget that we're not the only people in the world."

"Is that so bad?" she asked with a smile.

"That is a loaded question," I said as my hands moved to Mikayla's hips. "There is nothing more I want right at this moment than to be with you."

"Here I am."

"I don't want to hurt you," I said as I looked up into her eyes.

"Then don't."

"You are impossible to resist," I said. "You know that, right?"

"I do," she said. She bit down on her lower lip and looked into my eyes. I moved my hands up to cradle her face. I stared into her blue eyes and wanted that moment to last an eternity. I pulled her down and I kissed her. My arms wrapped around her waist as we started to make out.

The warm, tropical breeze blew through the room as Mikayla and I rolled around on the big bed. She was the perfect fantasy girl. She was young and beautiful. She was so damn sexy that other girls had to work hard to try and compare with her. I had always thought of her as a fantasy. I never dared considered what it would be like to be with her forever.

I found myself running scenarios in my head to make everything work out. Now that I was starting to understand the capabilities of the machine, a torrid summer affair actually seemed easy to pull off. Anything more would complicate things. I told myself not to make any huge decisions until everything had played out further. Mikayla and I were both caught up in the romance of the adventure. Neither one of us was ready to make long-term plans.

I knew I couldn't take Mikayla's word as gospel. As mature as she was, she was still a teenage girl. I knew that her mind could change in an instant. As flattered as I was that she was into me, I had to stay logical about everything. As amazing as Mikayla was, staying logical was not an easy thing to do as I was kissing her on the big king-sized bed.

I rolled Mikayla onto her back and got on top of her. She giggled as I kissed her neck. I could feel her fingernails tracing their way down my back. Her sweet scent filled my nostrils as my cock raged in my boxer-briefs. Right or wrong, I needed her. I needed her badly.

I got up off the bed and slid my boxer-briefs off. Mikayla watched me with a sexy little grin across her face. Her big blue eyes looked up into mine as I pulled her to the edge of the bed. I grabbed onto my daughter's Taylor Swift shirt and slid it up off Mikaya's young body. I tossed it onto the floor as Mikayla put her arms around my neck and pulled me onto the bed.

"What do you want right now?" she asked me.

"I want you," I said as I moved her legs up over my shoulders. My cock was rock hard and I needed relief. Mikayla's pink pussy was glistening with her juices. She let out a soft moan as I slid my cockhead up and down her soft, pink lips.

"Fuck me," she pleaded. I slid the head of my throbbing cock slowly inside of her. Her tight, wet pussy gripped onto my flesh as I fucked her. I used slow, deep thrusts to tease her and her moans grew louder.

"What do you want right now?" I asked.

"Shut up and fuck me," she said with a smile.

"Yes, baby," I growled as I started fucking her tight, wet pussy harder and harder. I leaned forward to kiss her, her legs still up over my shoulders. Mikayla was an extremely limber girl. One of the perks of fucking a hot, young cheerleader was being able to put her into any position that I wanted.

I felt her soft, sweet tongue slip into my mouth as my cock pounded her. Her kisses were starting to drive me over the edge. The excitement of fucking her brought me back to high school when everything was so exciting and new. Her athletic body was made for fucking and I gave her everything that I had.

"Yes!" Mikayla yelled as I pounded her on the big bed. Our bodies colliding over and over as my hard cock split her in two. I felt like I was about to explode so I slid my cock from her pussy. I took a deep breath as I looked into Mikayla's blue eyes.

"You drive me crazy," I said.

"I know," Mikayla said with a grin.

"It scares me, how much I want you."

"Why?"

"I don't want you to be just a fantasy."

"What do you want me to be?" Mikayla asked me. Her blue eyes searched my eyes as I contemplated my answer.

"I want you to be you."

"That seems easy enough," she said with a smile. "But, what do you want me to be to you? A lover? A wife? A dirty little slut that you can fuck whenever you want?"

"Yes, all those," I said. "Mikayla, I want you to be my everything."

"That's a tall order," she said with a grin. "I mean I haven't even given Taylor's dad a try yet."

"Oh yeah?" I growled.

"Uh-huh," Mikayla said then giggled.

"You are a bad, bad girl," I said as I put my hands on Mikayla's hips. I flipped her over and pulled her up onto all fours.

"How bad am I?" she asked as she wiggled her perfect little ass at me.

"Very, very bad," I said as I used my right hand to spank her. My hand came down with enough force to cause a satisfying thwacking sound.

"Fuck!" she yelled as she wiggled her ass again. "Show me!" My hands moved to her hips. I guided my cock to her dripping wet pussy. She reached back and she guided me inside of her. I filled her with my first, deep thrust. She moaned as I started fucking her hard and deep.

Mikayla knew exactly what buttons of mine to push. She was driving me crazy on so many different levels. I wanted her sexy young body. I felt myself craving her even as I fucked her. I was starting to realize how foolish I was to think that I could ever get her out of my system. The more I had her, the more I wanted her.

I fucked her tight pussy as hard as I could. I reached up and grabbed a handful of her long blonde hair and tugged it back as she moaned. She was the perfect little fucktoy. Her amazing cheerleader body was made to be pounded. My cock was in heaven as her tight, wet pussy engulfed over and over again.

"Mikayla!" I moaned as I felt my cock getting ready to explode. There was no turning back at that point so I doubled down on my efforts. I put everything that I had into each deep fuckstroke as I pounded her young pussy. I pulled her long, blonde hair back hard and she screamed.

"Yes! Fuck me! Harder!"

I felt her pussy grip down hard on my cock and I started to explode. I filled her up with my seed as she ground her pussy down on me. I tugged her hair back and pounded her over and over again. I finally stopped with my cock buried inside of her as she milked me dry.

"Fuck, baby." I groaned. Mikayla's pussy released my cock and she fell down onto the bed.

"That was so hot," Mikayla said as I collapsed next to her.

"You weren't thinking about Taylor's dad?" I asked with a grin as I caught my breath.

"You know I was kidding, right?" Mikayla asked with a satisfied smile.

"I was hoping."

"I was actually thinking about Taylor," Mikayla said then burst out laughing.

"Wow, what am I going to do with you?" I asked as I shook my head.

"Lots of things," Mikayla said as she snuggled her young body against mine.

"Have you and Taylor ever messed around?" I asked. Mikayla looked at me with a bit of surprise on her face. She seemed a bit shocked that I had asked her that question.

"Yes, we have," she answered coyly.

"Oh, you have?" I asked.
