 It was the last week of classes at Georgetown and finals were about to begin the next week. It would also be Katrina's last week in control of the journal. She began her five week excursion into the world of the magic that surrounded that damn journal was at an end. She had five stabs at whatever fantasy she wanted. She had used it to benefit others. She once tried and have her own private orgy which turned her into the guest of honor at a gang rape. The third use was to earn her a passing grade in a class she realized now was a complete waste of time. Her fourth wish was a particularly sweet piece of revenge. Now she was looking at her last week of classes and her last use of the journal. As a result of her escapades her vagina was now restored to it's pristine unfucked condition, and she had experienced sex from the male side of things. Katrina was tired of mindless sex. She was ready for love.

She put up her party dress away in the closet, along with her sweatshirts and yoga pants. She was going to get serious. For her last week of classes she wore dresses and suits, she started to make phone calls for positions after school. She knew that she had been way behind in getting a job, she had originally planned to take a year off and chase an endless summer for a year, but now she was feeling serious.

Katrina spent hours every evening filling out online applications and making phone calls. She had a few interviews the next week with various lobbying firms and all of the big pharma companies wanted to interview her as a rep. She knew that was an attractive piece of eye candy and getting a BA from Georgetown was nothing to sniff at. She knew she needed something to do to keep her busy, but the more she thought about it the more she wanted to do something that mattered.

Classes and interviews were her entire week until Friday afternoon. She was done early on Friday and headed back to her dorm room. On her way back she picked up a bridal magazine. She stripped out of her suit and sat on her bed flipping through it. She was looking at various dresses and settings for weddings. She was getting ideas for what her ultimate wedding would be like. She spread her labia and slid a finger over her tight hole. It was oozing a bit of liquid. She wet her finger and slid it up over her swollen clit. Katrina circled her clit working it out of its fleshy hood.

Katrina pinched her clit and then started to stoke it like it was a tiny cock. She felt a chill slip over her body and her nipples contracted. With her right hand she cupped her breast. She squeezed the flesh tightly and pinched her nipple. She rolled her head back and smiled rubbing her clit. She was close to orgasm and backed off, holding herself on the edge. Normally she rode wave after wave of pleasure but this time she wanted something a bit different, she wanted something sudden and overwhelming. She wanted to have a damn burst. She grabbed the journal and opened it up on top of the bridal magazine. She stared at her favorite dress rubbing her clit. She took up her pen and then started to write.

I want to find and fuck my one true love. I want to fuck a man who will be mine and mine alone, who will take me away and marry me and give me a mansion and children and years of hot passionate sex.

As she put the period on the end of the sentence she squeezed her breast and clit hard. A wave of pleasure overcame her and she blacked out. She awoke half an hour later and there was a large pool of orgasmic fluids. She reached down and tasted them. Verifying that she had not in fact peed the bed, but that it was a gush of orgasmic fluids. She looked at her journal entry and decided that it was a good one. 

Katrina folded up her bed clothes and put on some sweatpants and headed down to the laundry to wash the sex stain out of them. She took her laptop with her to start filling out more job applications. That is when she had an idea. She lived in the same city as the most powerful people in the world. They needed assistants and helpers. They could get her a job. She thought of the Senator that Sally and Stacy were slutting around with a few weeks ago. She had incriminating photos of him that didn't involve her, she could ruin his career and not harm hers. She wondered how she could get in contact with him and then she realized that Sally or Stacy must have his private number. She also knew that she had theirs. She took a few choice stills from her sex tape of them and a demon. She was in the photos as well but being bright red and three meters tall she doubted anyone would recognize her.

When the laundry was done she packed up her phone and headed over to Sally's and Stacy's apartment. She knocked on their door and saw the two of them wearing pajamas and bathrobes, looking like hell. Thinking quickly she said, "I'm sorry I flaked out like that on you two, but when you dropped the acid and started calling me a demon. It freaked me out a bit."

"Acid?" Sally asked.

"Yeah, don't you remember, you said that you got it from some guy and we would sit around and watch arthouse films and that they would make sense. Then the two of you started calling me a monster and cowering in the corner. Frankly I freaked. I was afraid you were going to hurt me."

Sally and Stacy looked at it each other. "If it was a trip then why did we see the same thing?" Stacy asked.

"You guys were ranting and babbling. I guess you heard each other and built off of it."

"Maybe."

"Anyway I thought we could go out clubbing. Call that Senator friend of yours, have a freaky time."

"Um..." Stacy stared.

"We don't want to go out. Here is his number though." Sally said handing over her phone. "Tell him you are Granny Panties. He'll understand."

Katrina hugged her friends. "I am so glad that you guys made it home safely."

"We're glad it was just bad acid. Do you remember where I said I got it from."

"Sorry guys, that part is fuzzy for me as well."

On her way out of their apartment she texted the senator. "This is Granny Panties. I think we need to talk." She then sent a picture of his face and Stacy's ass.

"What do you want?" Came back the text.

"A meeting. Let your staff know to expect me." Katrina then turned off her phone. She was going to go all in on this. She put on her nicest suit and left her phone in her apartment. She considered picking up another phone for emergencies but she figured if she had to call for the police, the police would be the ones she needed rescuing from.

The senator had a nice small office in one of the outlying office buildings. Locations were assigned by seniority and he was so young there was no way he could be on anything other than his first term. His secretary was an elderly woman and there were a couple of young male interns working in the outer office. They were pouring over computers, staring at the screen and then typing feverishly for a few seconds.

Katrina walked up to the secretary. "The senator should be expecting me."

The secretary narrowed her eyes and looked suspiciously at Katrina. "Are you 'GP'?"

Katrina smiled, "Yes."

The secretary shook her head. "He said to send you right in."

Katrina opened the door to the inner office. Inside the senator was at his desk looking angry.

"So you've come to blackmail me?"

"No, I've come to ask for a job."

"By threatening me?"

"Of course not. I just used that to get in the door. Don't worry. No one else has copy and I have no intention of sharing it."

"So what kind of job do you want?"

"I want to make a difference. I am willing to work long, hard hours for the right man." She blushed when she realized that she had said 'long hard'.

"Long hard hours, huh?" He said and Katrina turned bright red. She never embarrassed like this before. She dug the ball of her foot into the carpet and looked toward the exit.

"I really will do anything." She said, accidentally over emphasizing 'anything'. 

"Fuck, what's wrong with me." She thought to herself. "It's like I am some twelve year old school girl."

"Okay, lets see what you think of this." He said indicating a stack of paper on his desk. 

Katrina walked around behind him and looked at the papers. It was draft language for a bill. As she was reading it over she realized that her ass was squarely in his face. She wasn't distracted though and knew that this bill was the test. It started out looking okay until she got to the end. The end of the bill were a collection of edits to the bill replacing words, adding commas and phrases. She started flipping back and forth and then she saw errata on errata. She scratched her head and picked up a notepad and pen and started scribbling notes.

Katrina was so absorbed in reading the bill that she didn't realize that the Senator had raised the skirt of her suit and was in the process of lowering her pantyhose. She almost had the bill figured out when she felt a lick on her ass. She moaned in delight.

"Will this affect my being hired?" She asked.

"Doesn't matter. Senators are immune from sexual harassment laws."

She reached between her legs and grabbed his clothed cock. "The law good until the third round of addenda. Adding a comma in paragraph 4 broke the meaning."

The Senator continued tonguing her asshole. "Very good. My other two assistants didn't catch that and one is a lawyer."

He then took a finger and started to slide it into her cunt, when he hit her hymen he stopped. "I thought you were a party girl. Your friends portrayed you as the world's biggest slut."

"I'm saving myself for my future husband. If you ask nicely I'm sure we can work something out."

He started to lick her pussy and she moaned with delight.

"Well, you found the issue in the bill so I would be a fool not to hire you. Would dinner and drinks get me a blow job?"

She smiled and turned around. "I'd give you a blowjob just for asking." Katrina bent over and started to undo his zipper. She reached in his pants and pulled his cock out of his underwear and started to lightly kiss her way down his shaft.

As she was concentrating on his cock she heard him pick up the phone. "Agnes, I want you to get a new hire packet together, I think I found a new legislative aide."

Katrina licked up to the head of his penis and then wrapped her lips around head and then started to suck it while she tapped the tip of the head with her tongue. Then with a single swift moment she swallowed the whole thing in one gulp. She loved how the cock felt when it plunged down her throat. Her face was buried in his crotch and his hands grabbed her head to hold her close. She was as tight in as she could get and she kept swallowing, her throat massaging his cock. After the third swallow she felt the cock spasm in her mouth. With her fingers she pinched the base, Wrapping her lips over her teeth to keep them from digging into his sensitive dick she bit down and milked the cum out of his cock.

Katrina opened her mouth and showed him his cum and then swallowed it down. She surrounded his cock with her mouth and then let go of the base and gently slurped the last of his ejaculate out. She gave one last swallow then tucked his dick back in. She stood up and straightened her skirt.

The Senator looked at her and asked, "What do you think of Nebraska?"

"It's okay."

"Do you want to get married now?"

"What?!?"

"Right now, flight to Vegas, married, honeymoon, back by Monday morning."

"I would love to." Katrina heard herself saying against he will. The Senator was calling for a car to national and arranging a flight to Las Vegas. The whole flight Katrina was trying to put a stop to it but everytime she opened her mouth, "I love you." came out. Everytime she said it the Senator replied with "I love you, too."

When the plane landed the Senator had a limo waiting and whisked them away to a hotel. 

"Honeymoon suite, we also need a wedding chapel, flowers and a dress." 

The Senator had barely finished speaking and whipping out his Black Card when the concierge was there taking notes. She sized up Katrina, "Two?"

Katrina nodded, afraid to speak.

"We have a chapel on premises. It's free in an hour. We'll have a dress up to your room shortly."

The concierge handed the Senator a pair of black plastic cards. He pocketed one and handed the other to Katrina. They walked hand in hand to the elevator. The Senator slid his card into a slot in the elevator and they rode up holding hands.

The elevator door opened into their suite. It took up half of one of the upper floors of the hotel. Katrina was in shock as she looked at the lush sofas and gorgeous marble that covered everything. All the furniture was gilt. The walls of sitting area were glass showing the strip in all of its gaudiness. They were about most of it and Katrina was astonished. 

She walked room to room. There were two large bedrooms each with a huge custom bed and a private bath. The suite was two stories tall and incredibly opulent. Katrina was stunned by it all, and even more surprised when the concierge walked in followed by two women pulling large cases. The concierge was holding a white dress. She spread it out for Katrina who immediately recognized it as the dress she had been staring at in the bridal magazine. As they hustled Katrina into one of the bedrooms a man appeared with a tuxedo and hurried the Senator into the other bedroom.

Katrina was hurriedly dressed and the two women worked miracles with her hair and make-up. What she thought would normally take hours was accomplished in fifteen minutes by the women who worked quickly and precisely. When Katrina looked at herself in the mirror she was astonished. Her hair was styled up in a magical coiffure decked with pearls and sparkling in the light. Her face was delicately painted, the makeup accented her features without covering too much of her skin. He skin seemed to glow from within with an almost complexion. Just not quite perfect enough to keep her from looking like a fake porcelain doll. She had never felt so beautiful in her entire life.

She walked out of the bedroom and saw the Senator in a black tuxedo with pleats so sharp they looked like they could cut glass. They walked into the elevator hand in hand.

"This is crazy." She said.

"I love you." He said, "I mean this is crazy."

"I love you." Katrina responded, trying to say, "Let's wait."

The Senator started to speak then stopped several times before saying, "I want kids."

Katrina started to say she wasn't ready, that she wanted a career, but said, "I can't wait to make love to you."

They both sighed in resignation. The elevator ended on the bottom floor and they walked down a hallway to a small chapel. Inside were faux granite columns and stained glass backed by lights to make it appear to be outside on a summer day. They stood at the entrance holding hands.

"I have a confession to make. Several really. I accidentally cursed us into this, I wanted the fairy tale happily ever after."

"Curses aren't real." He said, then paused, then said, "I love you." He looked ready to swear.

"It wasn't about you, you were just who the curse picked."

"So I have to marry you and take your virginity then we're done. I tried to fuck you ten times on the way. I almost raped you in the elevator. I tried to ask for sex in the elevator and 'I want kids' came out."

Katrina laughed melodically. "I'm wasn't always a virgin. That was a side effect of a previous wish, and I think we might need a little more than the honeymoon."

They held hands and stared into each others eyes.

The ceremony was beautiful. The officiant was an older man, strangely familiar to Katrina. At the end they shared what Katrina realized was their first actual kiss.

She didn't even wait for the elevator door to close before she was hiking up the rear of her dress. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard." He unzipped his pants and his long beefy cock sprang out at full attention. He rubbed the head around her tight opening and was shocked at how wet she was. He pushed forward and she pushed back. He had never had his cock in anything that tight before. Her vagina was a fiery vice squeezing his cock for all it was worth. He slammed into her and she braced herself on the elevator's hand rail. The elevator was rocketing back up to the penthouse.

The Senator had prided himself on never being a two pump chump but he couldn't control himself. He had orgasmed before they reached their room.

The newlywed couple spent the weekend making slow passionate love, and trying to come up with a story for the constituents.

*****

End SexNote book 1

Thank you to all of my readers, I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please leave comments or send PM's. I look forward to reading them.

If anyone has ideas for who should get the book next (or if it should be a random) let me know. Also let me know what themes you would like to see in the story.

