 Katrina was wearing a set of thrift store granny panties. She had lost the bet last night. She sort of lost the bet. The club was there, and it was more than she could have ever hoped for. Two naked buff DJ's presided over a standing orgy. Men and women having sex in every combination imaginable. Unfortunately, her friends hadn't seen the club, and hadn't been in. 

She was given directions to the club by a waitress who had put some sort of curse on her. The curse led to her sucking a homeless man's cock. The curse also allowed her to see and go to the club. If her friends had joined her in the blowjob, they could have joined her and the club and they would be in the granny panties tonight.

She knew she had to wear them, but she also knew that there had to be a better way to wear them. She stared at herself in the mirror. She looked at the holes in them and had and inspiration. They may be granny panties, but with a little work they would be crotchless granny panties. She knew that is had to be subtle, She took one of the holes in the gusset and started to fray it a little bit. She worked it a bit more and soon the hole was large enough for her labia to peek out a bit. It was the beginning of a plan but she needed something better.

She took off the panties and admired herself in the mirror. Her pussy was starting to show next day stubble, she knew she would have to shave. He tits were looking particularly perky. She pinched her nipples and smiled as they stiffened. No guy could resist them.

She tossed her long hair and walked into her bathroom. She sat on the edge of the tub and wet a washcloth. She then rubbed a bar of soap over it and then used the washcloth to soap up her legs, underarms and pussy. Once she was satisfied with it she opened up a straight razor she had stolen from an ex-boyfriend. She dragged the steel down her legs and under her arms, shaving with the grain. Then she carefully shaved her pussy, once again with the grain and then she carefully shaved around her asshole. She knew she was getting fucked there tonight so she wanted it presentable. Once every place below her neck had been shaved once, she resoaped the washcloth and soaped her self up again. This time she shaved against the grain. Making the first pass with the grain readied her skin for the closer future shave. Shaving against the grain cut so closely she was often good a second day without reshaving. 

She refolded the razor and ran her hand over her smooth skin. It was such a wonderful feeling being hairless. She felt like a little girl again. She squeezed her boobs and smiled. She thought about how much fun she had with the woman at the club and wondered if they would meet again. There seemed to be thousands of people in the club last night, she doubted that she could find the woman night even if they both showed up at the club.

Katrina walked around her bedroom trying to think of something that would overshadow the hideous off white panties. Then she remembered she had something in her toy box. She reached under her bed and removed a boot box that rattled with sex toys. She opened it up and looked at what was inside. In addition to a collection of dildo's there were some more exotic items. 

Digging around she found what she was looking for. It was a vajazzling kit. A set of glue on rhinestones that would make her pussy sparkle. She had gotten it as an valentines day gift from a boyfriend she was breaking up with. She had always thought her clip on clit ring was enough flash, but she wanted to dial it up to eleven. Make the hideous panties seem like an afterthought in the reveal and not like they were the original plan. The kit had a number of crystals prearranged in a butter fly. She carefully cut the butterfly down the middle and was wondering how to apply it when there was a knock on the door.

"Who is it?" Katrina called out.

"Mary Sue." Came the response from the far side of the door. Mary Sue was the perfect person Katrina realized. Mary Sue was an engineering student. She never wore any makeup and always wore overalls or cargo pants and a baggy sweatshirt. Katrina assumed she had boobs somewhere under the clothes but they were so baggy she could have been smuggling watermelons and no one would know. Katrina always considered Mary Sue to be an incredibly plain person, she had bad skin, a slumped posture and a goofy gait. She had nice eyes which were always hidden behind thick glasses. Her best feature was some of the most beautiful hair Katrina had ever seen. It was long, dark and thick, with a slight hint of curl and a delightful bounce to it. She never did anything with it though. It was always up in a loose pony tail.

"Are you alone?"

"Yes."

Katrina bounded to the door and opened it a little bit, hiding her naked body behind the door. "Quick get in."

Mary Sue hurried in and Katrina slammed the door. "Thank heavens. I need some help. I need to get this vajazzling on straight and I need to know how it looks."

"Why not ask Sally or Stacy."

"They would kill me if they knew what I was up to. I need some help. See, I kinda lost a bet and now when we go out clubbing tonight I have to wear this pair of old ugly panties, and they are going to be doing their best to embarrass me with them so I need something to make the panties seem like the plain brown wrapper of something exciting and exotic."

"The clubs are dark right?"

"Yeah, but there are some bright spotlights. I figure that this will sparkle."

Mary Sue tilted her head to the side and then looked at the jewels and then at the panties lying on the bed. She held the jewels in front of Katrina's pussy. The back of her hand rubbed between Katrina's labia accidentally but Katrina found herself incredibly turned on. Mary Sue adjusted the jewels in place and then knelt down to inspect them. She place them against on side of Katrina's pussy or the other. She slid them down her fingers down and spread Katrina's outer labia. Her touch was rough and almost mechanical. She was treating Katrina not like a beautiful woman, or even as a person, to her Katrina was a device or a toy. Something to be cut, sanded and painted. A piece of wood or metal, not soft yielding flesh.

Katrina was turned on beyond belief as Mary Sue grabbed her lower lips and pulled them cruelly apart. She had never been into women, she had screwed around with them for companionship and relief, but she always thought of men before. This time was different. This time she wanted Mary Sue to throw her down and have her way with her. She wanted to see what her classmate of 4 years looked like naked. She wanted to see the breasts that had been hidden for all those years. Large or small she needed to feel the nipples harden under her tongue, to run her fingers through Mary Sue's pussy hair. Katrina was sure the other girl didn't shave. Probably didn't even shave her legs. It was okay with Katrina, she didn't care. She had to have her.

Just then Mary Sue surprised Katrina. In one swift motion she had two fingers in Katrina's pussy. Katrina's knees weakened and she felt a spasm of pleasure. Mary Sue extracted the fingers and looked at them and sniffed them a little bit and went back to pulling on Katrina's labia.

Without ceremony she slapped Katrina's thigh and said, "Turn" Katrina was in shock and turned her ass to the other woman. Mary Sue's hand forced its way between her butt checks. Katrina felt her butt checks being pulled apart and prayed to God that she wouldn't fart. Katrina knew Mary Sue had a plan. Mary Sue always had a plan. Her thoughts of Mary Sue's plans vanished when she felt a finger plow into her anus. The shock was incredible. She was already so turned on and being violated like that sent her over the edge. She was panting and her nipples were painfully hard, a faint squishing sound came from her pussy as it clenched on nothingness.

Mary Sue pulled the finger out and then picked up the panties and held them against Katrina's ass, her dirty fingers sticking out. She slapped Katrina's ass again, and said "Turn" Katrina turned again and held her hands behind her head thrusting her tits out for display.

Mary Sue held the panties in front of Katrina and then inspected the material. Finally she stood up and stared at her dirty fingers. "Um, do you..."

Katrina bent to suck them clean when Mary Sue interrupted, "Tissues? Toilet paper?"

"Oh right." Katrina ran and got a box of tissues and wiped off Mary Sue's fingers. She bent in close wanting to suck them but not wanting to turn off quite possibly the only person who could help her.

"Thank you so much. I'll do anything you want. I really need you to help me with this."

"Well I just came over to see if you had notes for our African Foundations of American Democracy lecture."

"Sure anything. Will you help me?"

"Why not, it's an interesting project. Vajazzling won't help."

"Sure it will, there are spotlights and strobes."

"Which are mounted above and most of the light will reflect down, also the panties will obscure most of it. Even with the holes you enlarged, only a half dozen will really show."

Katrina frowned, "It's hopeless then?"

"Not by a long shot. A heavy coating of glitter might work but, you seem too easily aroused."

Katrina hung her head in shame as Mary Sue continued. "It would all come off. It would look like you stuck a fairy in your pussy."

Katrina chucked.

"Not that type of fairy. Anyway, I thought about a tail."

"A what?"

"A tail, hair stuck into a buttplug. They make them, and with the way my finger went in I could tell you weren't a stranger to a little backdoor action. This would prevent that tonight but would make a good show piece, plus be extravagant enough to require something to conceal it walking down the street. I realized that wouldn't work either because of how high the waist of the panties are. It would just ball up and look like you dropped a turd."

Katrina sat down on her bed and sighed. "I'm doomed."

"Not quite. Can you give me a couple of hours, and I'll be back with some options. Will there be black lights?"

"Maybe."

"Hmm... Can't count on it then." Mary Sue started to dig through the toy box and pulled a couple of things out. She looked at them with a calculating eye and then stuffed something in a pocket.

"Take the whole thing if you want. I'll do anything if you help me."

"No, this is for you, for tonight. I just need to make some tweaks. I need to borrow the panties as well." Katrina handed them over.

"One last thing, what dress are you wearing?"

Katrina picked up the red dress off of the floor. Instead of her beloved slinky red dress it was one of the Chinese styled ones from the curio shop above the club. Unlike her dress this had embroidered golden dragons circling the boobs and breathing blue fire. The dress also had square shoulders and a plunging neckline. Her dress let her boobs swing free but this showed off far more skin.

Katrina lowered the dress over her head and was surprised how close to her areola the neckline came, and the dragons' heads seemed to encircle her nipple. Mary Sue stared at the dragon's intently.

"I want that dress."

"Anything! Please take it."

"No, you need to wear that tonight. You'll see. We'll talk. Tell me where you got it and maybe see if you can find me one like it, except in blue."

"Gladly. I'll get right on it."

"Okay. It's about noon now. It will take me a few hours to get this ready. You'll like it."

Mary Sue headed back to her room and Katrina flopped on the bed. She looked in her box and pulled out two dildos, a larger and a smaller one. She stuck the larger one into her pussy and began stroking it back and forth thinking of Mary Sue's rough touch. She sucked on the smaller one and wondered what it would have been like to suck Mary Sue's finger clean after it had been in her ass and pussy. Once the dildo was slick with spit she worked it into her ass.

Katrina's mind was full of thoughts of undressing Mary Sue. Running her fingers through her pubes. Taking off her shapeless sweatshirt and revealing the woman underneath. She worked the dildos in and out and started to lick her lips making sucking motions. Her lips were clamping down on an imaginary nipple and her tongue twirled around it. She shoved the dildos in and out in tandem, like they were fingers on the same hand. She was thinking of Mary Sue's hand. 

She was getting so close to orgasm when she remembered the book. She quickly grabbed it off of her nightstand and grabbed a pen. She pulled the little dildo out of her ass and started to suck on it. She was thinking of Mary Sue's warm finger, wishing she had had the courage to actually suck it.

She left the larger dildo in her pussy, pushing on the base of it with her heel. She pushed it in then squeezed down with her cunt letting it slide out then heeled it back in. She was lost in a paradise of smell, taste and touch. She took her pen and flipped to a blank page, hoping she was doing it correctly, and wrote.

I want to have a sexual encounter with Mary Sue and make her fantasies come true. I want a night of passion, lust, and many many orgasms.

She had intense orgasm and thought that she saw the text she had written in the book flash gold. Her body was trembling and her fingers were cramping. She dropped the book and pen and lay back panting. She was suddenly disgusted by the dildo in her mouth and tossed it aside. She lay on her back and felt the dildo slowly slide out of her pussy. She lay in bed for five minutes wondering just what she had done and gotten herself into. It was too late now. If the journal could make a shopkeeper with a small cock into a bum with a horse sized appendage, and make her suck it she was sure it would force a tryst between her and a friend.

She looked at her phone. She still had about an hour and a half. She quickly washed the dildos and put them in the box, and shoved the box back under her bed. She hid the journal in her nightstand and quickly threw on shorts and a pink top and sandals. Luck was with her and a subway was pulling in as she reached the station. Ten minutes later she was surfacing in Chinatown. She knew where the shop was now and was sure she would be able to find it and get inside.

There was the shop looking exactly like it had the night before. The area in front of it was oddly devoid of trash and she watched as people who had been towards it suddenly turned their heads away. Their glances fell off the store like water off a ducks back. A couple walked past hand in hand looking into each others eyes. When the woman was about to look dead at the store she suddenly turned and pointed across the street. Katrina walked into the store and a bell rang. The proprietor waved at her and reached for the buzzer.

"No, I want to buy another dress. Like the one last night but blue."

"You are red. You wear red. It's best." She realized he was talking about the red glow that she had had since that night. She had been so used to it she was tuning it out.

"It's for a friend."

"The dresses are very special. She will need to come and get her own. Take this tea. She will like it." He said pouring a scoop of loose tea into a paper bag.

Katrina handed the old man $5 and looked at him hard. She noticed that he too was glowing, but there was a white glow about him.

"Have you been touched by the journal?"

"Many many times, but last night was one of my favorites. Don't worry. It's our secret."

Katrina smiled and skipped back to her dorm, when she got there she put on the kettle to get the hot water ready. She wondered just what Mary Sue's fantasy would involve.

Mary Sue arrived a little bit late. Katrina was wearing the dress and had already put on her makeup and done her hair. She was pacing back and forth nervously. When Mary Sue arrived Katrina quickly spooned tea into empty cups and then poured hot water over it. She handed a cup to Mary Sue. "Thank you so much for helping me. I couldn't get the dress for you but we can go pick it up a bit later in the week."

"It's okay. I'm sorry it took so long the soldering was trickier than I thought. Tell me what you think." Mary Sue said holding out a piece of blue fur.

Katrina recognized it as her merkin from a PSU Pervert Party a few years ago. The electric blue fur wasn't the right color but everyone got a laugh out of it. "How is that going to help?"

Mary Sue smiled and licked a finger. She touched it to the underside of the merkin and it suddenly lit up with twinkling lights. "I got the inspiration when I saw how closely you were shaved and how wet you got. When you get excited it makes a connection and then it lights up. I figure once you get there and start grinding on the guys it will light up. If that doesn't work just pee your pants. It'll light up for sure then." Mary Sue chuckled with an infectious giggle.

"What about the panties? Won't they obscure it?"

"I wanted to test that. They did at first but I lightly sanded them." she said holding them up. "The material is significantly thinner now." Katrina looked at them in shock. At first glance they looked the same, but holding her hand inside she could clearly see the outline of her fingers.

"Lie back on the bed, I'll put it on you."

Katrina hiked up her skirt and laid back on the bed and closed her eyes. This must be where Mary Sue's fantasy was going to come true. She felt rough hands on her then a bit of cool liquid around her pussy. She was confused and then felt fabric being pressed down. More liquid around the edges and it was pressed down again. She finally felt a finger pressing the fur into her pussy and felt a couple of fine wires make contact. They weren't uncomfortable, but they were noticeable. She opened her eyes and looked down at her twinkling pussy and smiled. She ran her fingers through fur she hadn't felt since she was 13 and felt the little embedded lights. She brushed the wires from the really wet spot and slid on the panties. The blue of the merkin blended in with the greyish color of the panties and didn't show at all.

Katrina hugged Mary Sue and kissed her. "How can I ever thank you!"

"Um... I don't want to give you the wrong impression, I don't swing that way. I understand a lot of you party girls do but, it's not for me."

"No! Nothing like that. Just friendly, and grateful." Katrina realized her opening, "Is there some guy that you do like, maybe I can help set you up with him."

"Like I would ever have a chance with you around."

"You never know."

"Okay. Meet me at the pool, 5:30 Monday morning."

Katrina cringed at the hour. She was far more likely to see 5:30 from the other side, but Mary Sue saved her dignity.

"It's a deal. They we can go get that dress." Mary Sue smiled and Katrina thought she saw a faint blue glow around her. The glow was only in places but it was slowly forming up around her.

Mary Sue took a sip of the tea. "This is good, where did you get it?"

"Same place I got the dress actually. We can go get you fitted for the dress next Friday. Take the tea. Consider it a down payment." Katrina said tossing over the bag or tea.

"I've got to get going. I'll see you at the pool Monday morning."

They gave each other a slight hug and Katrina went to meet her friends at the diner. 

"Oooh. New dress!" Sally said.

"Yeah I didn't want to soil my favorite dress with these." Katrina said flashing the panties. Katrina felt a flush of nervousness flashing her underwear. She was use to risking showing off her pussy but this was dirtier somehow. She felt like a teenager wearing her first short skirt with out the panties to really show it off.

"Hey guys! Look at this!" Stacy said lifting Katrina's skirt. The basketball team turned and looked. They all knew that Katrina never wore panties, and so the jokes started. 
