 Katrina stood in the hotel shower letting the scalding hot water flow over her battered body. Her face hurt and her left eye was swollen almost shut. Her jaw felt peculiarly stiff. She looked down at her body and saw that her breasts were a solid mass of purple bruises. The hot water stung her pussy and ass. It felt like her taint had been ripped of her body.

She gently soaped up a washcloth and gingerly rinsed her damaged private parts. The soap stung like hell. She was crying with the pain and thought about how she deserved it. She had been running around like a slut so it was only a matter of time until she got raped. She had always defended her actions with, "You can't rape the willing," but this was different from even the roughest sex that she had ever had before.

Punishment through her sex was only appropriate. It was her sex that had betrayed her. She was disgusted with herself for orgasming during the event. She hated her vagina, her labia and her clit. She wanted to scrub them all off. She wanted to be like a Barbie doll, totally sexless. She shifted her scrubbing to her nipples then her asshole. The pain was excruciating but she couldn't seem to come clean.

She shoved the soapy washcloth deep into her bare pussy and screamed in pain. She collapsed onto the floor of the tub and sobbed. The hot water was cooled and softened by the distance, it was a warm rain.

The warmth slowly chased the pain away. Her breathing slowed and became regular. She knew that it was her fault. Not for any indirect causes such as mannerisms or attire, but because she requested it from that damn book. Her magical journal, handed down over the ages that allowed its possessor to make five sex related wishes, one a week, for five weeks. She started out as the victim of someone else's wish. She had oral sex with a filthy bum.

The journal had cost her best friends, her dignity and perhaps her degree. Now it had caused her to be raped. She had wanted to have sex with the basketball team. She didn't want the kidnapping and rape. This journal was either the fabled monkey's paw, or it had it in for her personally.

She lay in the shower for a couple of hours. When she felt ready she climbed out and looked around the hotel room, hoping to find some clothes or something useful. She found her smashed cell phone, her metro card torn in half and her red dress in tatters. She picked it up off the ground and started to cry. She held it up and stared at it. As she stared she noticed that the golden dragons were dancing across the torn section of the dress, as the embroidery stepped off of the dress it dragged red fibers with it, closing the gap.

Katrina picked up the dress and watched the side heal up. To bad her face wouldn't heal that quickly she sighed. She stared at her face in the mirror. She touched her cheek gingerly. It didn't feel like anything was broken but it hurt like hell. She looked at her battered face and then cried.

She sat on the bed watching the dress knit itself back together. She tried her phone and found that it was truly beyond hope. She stared at the wall. She knew she had to focus on getting home from wherever they had dropped her. The dress was mostly repaired. She slid it on wincing as it slid over her abused breasts. There were large dark bruises on her arms.

She picked up what was left of her phone and stepped out of the hotel room. She was greeted by the bright noon day sun. She looked around outside and saw that she was in a seedy motel. An airplane flew overhead and guessed that she was near National Airport. She walked towards the hotel lobby.

When Katrina entered the lobby the teenaged Indian girl behind the counter screamed.

"Room 215. Call the police."

The police came and took her statement. She didn't incriminate the boys on the team. She knew the book controlled them. She did blame Sally and Stacy but she knew she would have to get her own revenge on them. The moment she accused them, they would roll on the basketball team and all sorts of things would come out.

She said that she was dragged into a van and a hood thrown over her head. No she didn't seem them. She lied and said she hadn't recognizing voices. She said there were at least five maybe as many as fifteen. All of them big, all of them strong.

The police said they would pass the information onto the DC police who would handle the case. She didn't expect much to happen.

When she got back to her dorm she saw the book laying on her bed. She grabbed it and screamed and started to tear pages out of it. Pages went flying all over her room as she screamed. She grabbed the book by the middle and tore the spine. She threw one half out the window and the other half in the trash. She ripped the red dress off of her body and started to cut it apart with shears.

I wish I had never gone. I wish I had never seen that book. Tears poured out of her swollen eye. She sat naked in the middle of the floor sobbing. She fell asleep there.

Katrina woke several hours later and saw the book resting on top of the neatly folded dress.

"I can't take this." She told the room. She put on her yoga pants and sweatshirt and grabbed a bit of cash and walked out. Her first stop was a bodega where she picked up a small whisky bottle. The next stop was the diner where this whole mess started. She walked past the hostess and sat down at a table in the back.

A middle aged waitress dropped two cups of coffee and then called to the hostess, "Sybil, I am taking a break." She turned to Katrina who was already spiking the coffee with whisky and asked, "Are you okay?"

"I was gang raped and beaten by the whole basketball team."

"Not quite what you intended?" The waitress asked taking a sip of coffee.

"Not by a damn sight."

"Hit me a bit?" The waitress asked pointing to the bottle.

Katrina poured a bit into the waitress's coffee.

"I just wanted a night of endless sex, not that nightmare."

"Are you okay?"

Katrina shrugged.

"Do you know who did it?"

"Yeah, I'm not going to tell the police. I know it wasn't their fault. It was the journal, and some 'friends' who stirred the pot." She took a deep drink of the coffee. She paused, "How do I get rid of that damn book."

"Use it five times then give it to someone it's been used on. I've heard of people just leaving it at the club."

"So I have to have sex at least three more times, and I can only wait a week?"

"Well it doesn't have to be sex per se. It just has to involve sex. If you do a lap dance and the guy gets off, it would count."

"So I could seduce my professor into an A?"

"Are you sure that's ethical?"

"The only reason I'm failing is that my friends fucked me over. Partly for that stunt with the glow in the dark pussy and partly because I used the journal to help someone steal her boyfriend."

"I guess you're morally clear then. Sometimes the book has a twisted sense of right and wrong when it comes to how it fulfills wishes."

Katrina sighed and finished her coffee. The waitress downed hers and said, "I'll be back with more. You'll be okay."

Katrina nodded. "How about some bacon and pancakes as well." It was three in afternoon at this point but she wanted comforted.

After a large meal and lot of whisky and coffee, she left a generous tip and staggered home to rest.

Katrina stayed in bed for nearly a week. Mary Sue came by every day and knocked on her door. By Wednesday Sally and Stacy came by to see if she was okay. Sally had a key and peeked inside. They tried talking to Katrina, but Katrina only rolled over and moaned.

Friday after noon Katrina climbed out of bed and stumbled towards the shower. The swelling was gone from her face. Her ass and pussy no longer hurt and the bruises on her arms legs and breasts had faded to dull green.

She showered the stench off and then brushed her matted hair out. She walked back to the bed room and saw the journal and could feel it's insistent pull. She knew it wanted to be written in. She rubbed her clit gently and smiled. She wanted the power. She wanted to humiliate Professor Bang. She wanted to make him so horny he would promise her an A. She wanted to watch him cum and then not be able to get it up again. She wanted to make him beg and plead. She wanted to make him promise just for the hope of more. She opened the journal to a blank page and wrote, "I want to do a sexy dance and arouse Professor!Ndeke to the point where he ejaculates uncontrollably. I want to extract a promise of a perfect grade out of him and leave him with a limp, unfucked dick."

Katrina reread it and smiled. She was fairly certain it was sufficiently airtight that she wouldn't get fucked. She felt healed enough to get pleasure out of sex but didn't feel ready.

She slid on the dragon dress and looked at it in the mirror. "I need something different. Something more primitive." She started to pull down the hem and was surprised when the dress stretched and conformed to her pulling. She pulled the broad shoulders in and they folded and softened. She pulled the neckline down and the armholes open.

She started to play around with how she could mold and shape the dress. She settled into a design with strips of fabric crossing her chest and covering her breasts. The strips were attached to a broad waistband. Beneath the waistband was a ragged edged skirt that ended just below her knee. She twirled and watched the hem of the skirt life up and almost but not quite expose her.

The dress seemed to know that she wanted to tease and had no intention of actually delivering. She took a final twirl and then headed out of her room for the first time in almost a week. 

Professor Bang had office hours on Friday afternoon. When she got to his office she walked in and then locked the door behind her.

"Professor, I need some special consideration. I was assaulted over the weekend and it led to problems. This is the first time I have been out my room in almost a week. I was wondering if there was something that I could do that might show you the appreciation I have for African culture."

"Nothing comes to mind."

Katrina leaned forward and something felt different. She realized that her breasts had increased at least two cup sizes. She stared at them and noticed that her skin was darkening as well.

"Are you sure professor? Is there anything I can do?" Suddenly an idea hit her. "I've heard of a tribal dance in Swaziland, where unmarried women pay homage to the king."

"Yes, the reed dance. It's performed by virgins."

At his words Katrina felt an odd tightening in her vagina. It was accompanied by pins and needles and a tingling sensation. She decided to go for broke. She kicked off her high heels and placed a bare foot on the professor's desk. Katrina hitched up her skirt and then spread her labia. "Rumors aside, don't I look like I qualify?"

She slid a finger in and felt the flesh of her regrown hymen blocking entry into her substantially tighter vagina. She spread it a bit further. "So professor!Ndeke, do I look like I qualify?"

The professor stared at her pussy and slid his face forward with his tongue extended. Just before he got his taste Katrina stepped back. She looked over at the professor. She saw his cock tenting his pants under his pot belly. His mouth framed by it's grey and white beard was agape. A bit of drool was falling off of the tip of his outstretched tongue.

She pulled down the fabric covering her now substantial breasts and pinched her chocolaty brown nipples to hardness. These were not her breasts but the obviously the breasts that turned her professor on the most.

Professor Bang unzipped his pants revealing a proud medium sized erection. He started to stroke it vigorously.

"Give me an A in your class." Katrina said as she started dancing across the floor of his office. It was a shifting shuffling dance, reminiscent of a long march, but with decidedly feminine flourishes and jiggles.

The professor was stroking his dark cock. He quickly lowered his pants and lifted his shirt revealing his pudgy middle-aged belly.

"Enter it into the computer now, and if you are still hard when I finish I will let you take my virginity. Your's will be the cock that opens this pussy." She lifted her skirt and started to rub her pussy lips and noticed they were longer and fuller than they had been.

Professor Bang quickly opened up the computer and gave Katrina an A for the class. She smiled and looked down at her large tits. They were now at least a triple-D cup and her skin was darker than the professors. She saw a ceremonial spear in the corner of the room and grabbed it, hoisting the phallic symbol high, almost hitting the high ceiling of the office. She picked up the pace of her dance, her boobs jiggled and felt like they were going to fall off with every jump.

The professor kept reaching for his cock to stroke it some more but held back in the hopes of fucking her. Katrina could feel her pussy getting wet as the smell of sex filled the room.

Suddenly a strange language started to come out of her mouth. It was a rising and falling chant. The words spoke of being an honest virgin in search of a mighty warrior. Searching for a king to rule her life. She threw her hair back and realized her blonde tresses were now black braids tight against her head. She started dancing more vigorously, her breasts bouncing with every move.

Katrina knew the song was coming to an end. She saw a drop of precum on the tip of her professors dick. She spread her labia as she bounced towards him. She was inches from burying his cock in her hot dripping pussy, when suddenly it spasmed. Jets of cum shot over his face and landed on his belly.

She lowered the spear, its point drooping onto the floor. She took a long blood red fingernail and traced swirls in the cum on his round belly.

"I was hoping for a real man to be my first." Katrina looked down at her body and saw that her skin was starting to lighten back up. She could feel her breasts shrinking back to normal, but her pussy remained tight.

"How about this." She sat on his desk and placed her feet on the arm rests of his chair. He legs were spread, and she traced a lazy finger around her labia. "If you can get ready before I get off, I will still let you fuck me.

The old black man grabbed his cock like it was his last hope to fight off the grim reaper and began jerking the flaccid thing vigorously. Katrina smiled and looked at his drying cum on his round belly and started to flick her clit with her index finger. With her right hand she reached up and pulled on her left nipple. She pinched and twisted and pulled it out away from her body. Her breasts were now back to their normal B-cup size and her skin was back to it's usual tan. 

Katrina leaned back and spread her pussy lips with the index and ring fingers of her left hand. Her middle finger lay down the middle as a modesty stripe covering her clit and the actual entrance to her vagina.

The professor let go of his drooling cock and leaned forward and stared. She eased the tip of her middle finger up and delicately circled the opening with actually putting it in. She slid her finger up to circle her clit. As he reached her clit she look down and saw the professors semi limp cock squirt more jizz. This time one spurt even landed in his mouth. He absentmindedly licked his lips and swallowed. That was all Katrina needed. It set her off like a flood and for the first time in her life she squirted. Long stringy jets of her girl cum shot out of her spread pussy and all over her professors lap.

He sat slack-jawed in his chair as she adjusted her dress into a more modest configuration and walked back to her dorm.