 Thanks for the kind words and positive votes, I appreciate them. Sorry this took so long for such a short update. Writing characters with depression is hard. More to come...




Katrina sat in her room picking at a cup of yoghurt. Her mind was spinning over the events of the past weekend. She had been cursed by a waitress in a diner and forced into sex with a homeless man. She participated in an orgy in a sex club hidden under Chinatown. Due to a bet which she technically won, she had to go clubbing wearing a pair of nasty underwear. She managed to pull that off as win with the help of a woman she barely knew. She ended up setting that woman up with the boyfriend of her best friend.

Katrina shook her head and spooned a bit of the vanilla yoghurt into her mouth. She looked at the trophies of the wild weekend arranged in front of her. First there was the red dragon dress which followed her home from the sex club, despite being soaked in sex fluids it was miraculously clean. Next were the granny panties, chosen to shame her, they had become bait to draw in and control men. The panties would really have been a horror if not for the merkin that lay next to them. It had been crafted by her new friend Mary Sue. She cunningly rigged it to light up and twinkle when the wearer was aroused.

The item which ruled them all was a small leather journal. The more she was around it, the more she realized its power. If she stared at it it seemed to glow a rainbow of colors. Inside there were fantasies, things people wanted to see or experience. There were wild things, illegal things, things she couldn't imagine anyone wanting to do. There was also something about her. A request to see her humiliated by having sex with a bum. There was also something that she had written. She wanted to see make Mary Sue's fantasy come true. Katrina had assumed it would be a lesbian fetish. She had no idea that Mary Sue was hot for her friends boyfriend. Mary Sue and Steve hooked up at the pool that morning and Stacy caught them. Looking at the page and her writing on it, she realized that Mary Sue not only wanted Steve, but had wanted to be viewed as the pretty girl. Stacy had never gone to the pool to watch Steve swim, the journal must have pulled her there to complete the fantasy.

Katrina wondered if she should feel guilty. Stacy, though her best friend had been a bit of a bitch recently. Additionally, she had been screwing around behind her boyfriend's back. Stacy had justified it with, "Clubs don't count." 

Katrina wondered how Steve and Mary Sue would be after the spell of the journal wore off. She knew that the bum she blew actually had a normal sized cock instead of the horse one she had remembered sucking. Would they still be together? Would the break up break Mary Sue's heart?

There was a knock on the door.

"Come in."

Mary Sue opened the door and walked in wearing sweats. "You missed professor Bang's test today. You know he doesn't give make-ups."

Professor Bang as he was called was their African American Studies professor. The bang was an exclamation point representing a click at the front of his name. A name that was apparently impossible for any American to successfully pronounce so Mary Sue and half of the class had given up on it.

"I'll figure something out. You want to go out?"

"On a Monday? No, besides I am meeting Steve later to study."

"Really?" Katrina smiled. She felt better about her use of the journal. 

"I don't know how you made it happen, but you did somehow."

"Go out with me on Friday? I have a club I want to show you. We'll pick up your dress on the way, though you won't need it." Katrina said with a wink.

"Okay, but I've got to get going, but I will see you Friday."

"I guess I had better go smooth things over with professor!Ndeke" She said giving a heroic effort to the name.

"You won't win him over like that. 'Say my name right or not at all.'" Mary Sue said mocking the professor's clipped speech patterns.



Katrina put on a pair of yoga pants and a sweater and headed over to Professor Bang's office. She thought she would try to play it straight first. Say she had a rough weekend. If that didn't work, she would have to try something else.

She knocked on the professors door and he told her to come in. His office carried the distinct smell of old books though none of the books on his shelf looked to be more than a few years old. The books on the walls were mostly new and many of them had been written by the professor himself. The books reflected the professors reading material, mostly centered on the subjugation of the black male.

The professor himself was short with short curly black hair and a short scraggly beard that was mostly gray. He had a round pot belly and a perpetual scowl etched on his face. He wore a beige tweed jacket and a yellow bow tie.

"Excuse Professor!Ndeke, I wanted to apologize for missing the test this morning. I had rough weekend. I know it isn't an excuse but I just couldn't make it in for the test."

"Yes 'Granny Panties', I heard all about your weekend. You found time to grope and humiliate the starting lineup of our basketball team as well as commit who know how many sex acts at various clubs over the past three days. The fact they you were hung over and over slept does not change the fact that you missed a test that you knew was going to occur. You could have scheduled your debauchery around you course load, but I am sure that people of privilege like you don't understand that."

"But professor!Ndeke..." she protested.

"What did you call me? The name is!Ndeke" say it right or don't say it at all. One more word and I will have you expelled for plagiarism."

Katrina started to say something and then closed her mouth and bowed her head.

"You need to check your privilege."

Katrina started to huff.

"You think the world owes you everything, just because you have a vagina. You can skip class, miss tests and we'll just accept and give you a pass. Life is not that easy. You might as well just not come back to my class because I will fail you."

Katrina turned and ran out of his office crying. She ran all the way back to her dorm, almost knocking down Sally in the hallway.

"Gee your in such a hurry. Did professor Bang flunk you out for calling him a nigger?"

"What? I've never said that word in my life."

"Well I may have let it slip while I was explaining why you blew off the test. He was actually thinking of giving you a second chance when I told him all the nasty things you said about him."

"I didn't say anything!"

"And you didn't take your punishment, you showed up with the glowing fairy pussy. You fucking cheated. Then you helped that zit faced skank steal my best friends boyfriend. You low down piece of shit. I hope you have fun with your outcast whore friends, skanking around club that don't exist. Stacy and I are going to be banging a congressman while you fail out of Professor Bang's class."

Katrina ran into her room and cried.



The next morning and for the rest of the week she went to class numb. She didn't shower or wash her hair or shave her legs. She wore the same pair of yoga pants and the same sweatshirt every day. She got up, drank some coffee went to class then went to sleep. All in the same clothes, all on autopilot. She did her class work and did it well, there was just no gusto or joie de vivre in it. She was going through the motions until Friday evening arrived. 

Mary Sue knocked on her door and only hearing a grunt of assent let herself in. Mary Sue was wearing a blue stretchy party dress. Not as revealing as the ones Katrina wore but it was flashy for her. It went down almost to her ankles but barely cover her massive tits. Katrina noticed somewhat dispassionately that Mary Sue now had a crystal clear complexion.

Katrina lay in bed in week old clothes staring at the young woman in front of her. She knew Mary Sue wanted to go out to the club as promised, but Katrina just wanted to sleep, and perhaps die. Dying seemed like a too much work though.

Mary Sue grabbed Katrina's hand and dragged her toward the shower. Katrina followed because it was the easier thing to do. She didn't want to go out, but putting up a fight was too much work. 

Mary Sue took off her dress and left it lying on the floor. Then she lowered Katrina's yoga pants. Mary Sue noticed that Katrina hadn't shaved. She then took off Katrina's smelly Soon the two young women were naked in the shower together. Mary Sue was soaping up the other woman's smaller breasts, as well as her armpits and legs. She quickly ran a razor over Katrina's armpits and legs leaving the stubble growing on Katrina's pussy. Mary Sue had a neatly trimmed bush and didn't think Katrina would mind a bit of stubble. Katrina noted without much concern that there were a few spots on her legs that needed to be re-shaved but she didn't feel like going through the trouble of mentioning it.

Once out of the shower Katrina pulled on her red Chinese dress and went out without underwear of any sort. She grabbed her purse and headed for the door. Mary Sue followed suit leaving her bra and panties on the floor of Katrina's bathroom. She slid on her dress and followed Katrina to the nearby Metro station. A few quick stops and they were in Chinatown.

"How far is this place?"

"A couple of blocks."

"I feel so slutty not wearing underwear."

Katrina shrugged and said nothing. The curio shop was right where it had been before. She opened the door and walked in and waved to the old man behind the counter. The man smiled and said, "We are always open. You don't have to wait for the weekend to come."

Katrina shrugged.

The man turned to Mary Sue, "I see the tea helped."

"Yes it's been wonderful."

Katrina looked over at Mary Sue and realized that the zit covered face she had had classes with for three years was now smooth and unblemished. She gave a half hearted smile.

The old man reached behind the counter and pulled out a small package wrapped in brown paper. "It's your dress, you can change in the back, he said pointing to the bathroom."

When Mary Sue was out of sight, he turned to Katrina, "That was a good use for your first entry. You have had some terrible repercussions from your actions. Learn that we are all interconnected."

Katrina shrugged at the platitudes. Maybe she should use the next entry for herself. "Do you want me to blow you again?"

"If it gives you pleasure."

Katrina walked around behind the counter and lowered the old man's zipper. She pulled out his small clean cock. It was nothing like the last time. When he had been the bum it was massive and dirty and stinky. 

She slid back his foreskin and wrapped her lips around the head. She licked the tip and tasted soap. She swirled her tongue around the head and felt it grow to a reasonable size in her mouth.

He placed his hands on the side of her head as she grabbed his ass. His ass was flat but firm. The ass of a man who stands all day. Katrina pushed her face all the way into his grey and black pubes and felt his cock at the back her tongue. She licked around the sides and then pulled back. Her lips were trapping the head and she started to tap his piss hole with her tongue. She was quickly rewarded with a bitter shot of cum. She swallowed it down, and milked the rest into her mouth with her hand.

"Thank you." the old man said as she stood up. She tucked his cock back into his pants and went in front of the counter to wait for Mary Sue. It was a bland mechanical act for her. She didn't get aroused like she normally did. She didn't even care that she had done a good job.

When Mary Sue came out she was wearing a fabulous blue dress that showed off her luscious breasts with peacock accents. While it fully covered her shoulders and reached down to her knees, most of the back and sides were cutout. It clung to her breasts and revealed a bit of side-boob. In the back the cutout ended at the top of her asscrack.

"I'm not sure how this is staying on me."

Katrina couldn't help herself and slid a finger down Mary Sue's crack. "Don't worry, It would be staying on for long."

The hidden door in the back of the store opened and load rock music and an herbal smoke escaped and enveloped the women, pulling them down the metal stairs. When they hit the bottom, Katrina reached down and pulled off her red dragon dress tossing it aside. She the started to pull off Mary Sue's dress and got it up to her waist before she was stopped. "I just put it on."

"Don't worry. It's more fun this way." Mary Sue acquiesced and soon the two women charged into a mosh pit of faintly glowing people. In the front of the club there was a punk rock band dressed in black leather. The lead singer was a woman wearing a neck to floor black leather dress, with cutouts for her breasts, ass and pussy. On her arms there was thick black lace all the way down to her hands. The lace thinned from completely opaque at her shoulders to a whisper of smoke covering her hands. The entire band glowed yellow.

The crowd of dancers were mostly naked, pressed tightly together, and jumping up and down. Katrina grabbed Mary Sue's hand and pulled her through the crowd. Soon they were in the middle with sweat slicked bodies sliding up and down around them. Katrina raised fist up in the air and started to jump. She kept a tight hold on Mary Sue's hand and soon they were both bouncing. 

Mary Sue's breasts were bouncing wildly. She spun once and smacked a man in the face. When he regained his composure, grabbed her ass and lifted her off the ground and started to motorboat her. He buried his face in her bosom and began to blow sloppy kisses. Mary Sue threw her head back and laughed.

The moment Mary Sue's feet left the floor dozens of hands picked her up and started to ferry her over the crowd. Katrina refused to let go of her friends hand and was carried above the crowd.

The two of them were passed from hand to hand over the crowd. The dozens of hands belonging to men and women touched them in sensuous erotic ways. Katrina felt her ass crack and pussy being gently probed as she was passed along. All of the hands and fingers seemed to mold to her body lifting and caressing her. Each hand conformed to her body and only carried a little of her weight. It felt like she was floating on a cloud. A cloud that had just found her clit.

She smiled and stared over at the woman who was holding her hand. Mary Sue at first looked nervous but as hands began to push and pull on her she relaxed and started to enjoy it. When Katrina saw her smile she relaxed and enjoyed the sensations. She became aware of a progression of fingers entering and leaving her pussy. At first she thought it was one finger being pulled out and re-inserted but one came through with a long fingernail she knew that it was multiple people. The parade of fingers was driving her mad. It was enough to stimulate her and get her close but the withdrawal and pause before the next finger kept her from getting off. 

Katrina could feel her pussy juices sliding down her ass crack. Suddenly, she felt a tongue slide across her asshole. She started descending into the forest of hands. They covered her entire body, squeezeing, pinching, stroking and caressing. 

The music thundered on. The singer was singing of being misunderstood, of being a freak, of saying a giant "Fuck You" to the world. The bass was throbbing to the beat of her heart. She realized that this is where she belonged. Fuck her false friends. Fuck Professor Bang. Fuck the world.

At the top of her lungs she screamed "Fuck me!" She felt Mary Sue squeeze her hand and scream over the band "Fuck me too!"

Katrina was lowered onto the body of a heavy set man whose rigid cock slid easily into her slicked ass. His fleshy torso melded to her body fitting impossibly close. Another man pushed between her thighs and slid his cock into her. Both penises worked into her with the bass line of the music.

"Fuck You! Fuck Me! Fuck the whole world!" sang the lead singer. The bass player was speeding up the rhythm and Katrina's heart was beating faster. The rhythm guitar hit the note that had made her orgasm the last time she was in the club. He alternated it with the higher pitched note. She felt the cocks throb in her when the higher note played. She held on to Mary Sue's hand for dear life. Mary Sue squeezed her hand back.

The guitarist was alternating the higher pitched note and the lower one in faster and faster steps until he was playing them as a chord. Katrina felt her whole body shake in pleasure, the men beneath and on top of her shuddered. She felt the various hands touching her squeezing, grasping and occasionally falling limp.

"Fuck You! Fuck Me! Fuck the whole world!" The crowd sang along with the band. Katrina felt the music pounding through her more intimately than the cocks that were were pounding into her.

Katrina's body pitched and tossed. She thrashed with the pleasure of her orgasm. Every muscle in her body tightened up as a wave of pleasure rode over her.



Katrina woke up the next morning in an unfamiliar bed with her face buried in long brown hair and her hand cupping a large soft tit. She inhaled deeply enjoying Mary Sue's smell. Her body ached from the full body orgasm and it was nice to just cuddle. She just lay there enjoying the warm closeness.

Mary Sue rolled over and faced her. The two naked women were tit to tit staring into each others eyes.

"Last night, that was incredible. How did we get home?"

"I don't know. The same thing happened last time. Well I woke up alone and in my own bed."

Mary Sue sighed contentedly and pulled Katrina closer. "This is nice. I make have to consider being bi."

Katrina smiled back, "I'm not normally into it, but there is something about going to that club."

Katrina kissed her lightly on the lips. "I've got to get going. I may go back to the club tonight. I am not sure. There is something that I want to do. It may take a while. I will see you Monday if nothing else."

Katrina climbed out of the single bed and saw her dress on the floor. She slid on the red dress and the gold embroidered dragons danced across her torso. "Come by my dorm to get you underwear, or ... well whatever." She blew a kiss and headed back to her dorm.

Katrina felt so much better. She was going to put Professor Bang out of her mind and she was going to have a rollicking good time doing it. She wanted to have sex. A lot of sex. She wanted to be fucked by a small army of horny guys. She wanted to be ridden long and hard. When she was in her dorm she started to rub her pussy furiously.

She grabbed a pen from her desk and began to drive it into her pussy. She was thinking of being fucked by one cock after another. She could see them in all their detail. She thought she recognized a couple of the ones she was imagining. Then it hit her. She wanted to be fucked by the whole basketball team. She pulled the pen out of her pussy and then uncapped it and wrote in pretty pink cursive, "I want to be gangbanged by the basketball team." She smiled and embellished it with hearts.

She picked up the phone and called Mary Sue. "I'll see you at the club tonight. I may be a bit late though."

Mary Sue laughed and said, "Okay."

Katrina spent most of the rest of the day trying to make up the work that she had neglected the previous week. She made a good start at it and as the sun started to set she went to the bathroom and showered and shaved her whole body. She stepped out of the shower feeling refreshed and energized. She felt better than she ever had before. This was going to be a great night. She was going to fuck the basketball team. She lightly dusted her body with baby powder and then slid the dress on. She wasn't sure how it was going to happen but she knew that tonight she was going to fuck the whole basketball team.
