 I close my eyes and relax. In my mind, I see a babbling brook. The clear, cold water flows quickly as small fish swim over smooth round stones. The sound is soothing to my turbulent mind and raw spirit.

Cool green grass feels good beneath my bare feet and I curl my toes in the soft blades. Multi-hued flowers bloom profusely at the waters edge, their scent wafting on the warm spring breeze, which flows over my skin and ruffles my hair.

The large Oak behind me towers high, shading the brook from the sun. The gnarled tree is so large; ten men could stand fingertip to fingertip and still barely span its girth. As the leaves rustle in the breeze, the sun filters through dazzling my eyes as it reflects rainbow shimmers off the vigorous brook.

I breath it all in deeply. The sights. The smells. The feelings. The sounds.

I lie down in the soft grass and close my eyes. There is power here. It lulls me as the sound of the water flows through me sending me deeper into a state of peace and relaxation. 

A brief touch. A tentative contact. A thought, which is not my own, yet somehow familiar. I am not alarmed but curious and I open my thoughts and expand my mind, reaching out. Again, contact is made…this time longer, searching, probing.

A bond is realized. It has always been there, but I was never consciously aware of its presence. Suddenly, there is a yearning for that which I have never known. The power of this place responds to our need as, here, the Veil between worlds is thin.

I open my eyes as a rift is made in the Veil. 

He is here. My soul mate…my Sidhe lover.

His lithe warrior body shines in glory. His long, dark hair moves freely in the warm breeze as gray eyes shimmer slightly in the darkening twilight. Within those eyes, centuries of knowledge blaze along with a promise of passion.

Then there is silence as the babbling of the brook and the whisper of the leaves fades. No words are spoken. What need is there for words? We've known each other for millennia.

Without seeming to move, he is next to me on the grass, his warm body close yet I shiver in anticipation. Slowly, reverently, he removes my clothes seeking to probe the depths of my body as well as my mind.

His touch is like fire, sending tingling sensations through my skin. My body responds instinctually, on a basic level, and I touch him…exploring, discovering, wanting. The smooth feel of his well-toned body beneath my fingers is somehow familiar yet foreign at the same time. A mass of conflicting thoughts and feelings adds to the excitement building inside.

Lips hot and wet upon mine…his tongue explores my mouth as his fingers explore a much more exciting place. Delving the depths of my womanhood, his experienced fingers stroke and entice me to writhing ecstasy bringing forth soft moans from my throat. He plays my body as a Master Bard plays his Lyre.

Reeling…lost in pure physical pleasure, I stroke his rock hard cock, fueling his need, reveling in the knowledge of his body. He surrenders himself to me completely, rolling beneath…giving me control and permission to use his body for the gratification of us both.

Gray eyes, clouded now with triumphant carnal delight, gaze unwavering into my green eyes, which, no doubt, mirror the joy in his own. His hands slide over my hips, my waist, coming to rest on my full breasts. Sensitive now even to the slight caress of the warm summer breeze, my nipples harden under his stroking thumbs.

He rises up to nuzzle my breasts, teasing the budding tips with his teeth. I place my arms around his neck holding him close as I lower myself, taking him deep within me. The sensation of his rigid member sliding slowly, smoothly into my taut, wet chasm causes a flood of tiny convulsions. My reaction almost drives him over the edge despite the natural Sidhe tendency towards restraint.

The primal power of Deity moves through us both as I start to move. A cascading shower of feminine/masculine energy envelops us as we use our bodies to exalt the Goddess and God and all of nature which surrounds us. 

Moving slowly at first, our momentum builds as a flood of tumultuous passion threatens to engulf us. We open ourselves body, mind, and spirit to the experience.

With each movement, he is plunged deeper and deeper into my body and soul. Instinctively, both of us strain towards that ultimate moment of release, our thrusting bodies covered in a light sheen of sweat which shimmers in the silver light of the newly risen full moon.

For a brief moment, we are one completely, indistinguishable from the other. 

A triumphant cry of release splits the night. A nearby pack of wolves pauses to add their primal howls in recognition of our own.

As the brilliance of our union ebbs to the comfortable afterglow of silent companionship, we lie spent and fulfilled in each other's arms. The stars twinkle between the leaves of the oak and, together, these bastions of time stand witness to our blessed joining.

A wistful reluctance falls over me as I realize our time together is drawing to a close. My beautiful, strong Sidhe lover must return from whence he came. To remain is forbidden yet I am thankful to the powers that be for even this brief interlude. 

We both cherish the knowledge that our parting is only temporary. We shall meet again and be joined for all eternity when it comes my time to pass the wheel into the next life.

A final kiss and I am alone.

The sympathetic sounds of the brook rush in my ears. The owl heralds the coming of dawn.

As the sun rises, so do my hopes as the warm rays burn away all negativity and pain. 

I know I am not forsaken as long the memory of my Sidhe soul mate burns in my heart and soul.