 Warning. This is going to be dark and brutal. Skip it if you like, I do my best to maintain continuity so that skipped parts aren't missed.

*****

Katrina had put on the most erotica dance since Salome and convinced a professor who hated her to give her an A for the year. She felt wonderful and exuberant. She had planned to go right back to her dorm to study, but it was Friday night and she realized she needed to get out and see people. 

She went to Mary Sue's door and knocked. The bookish young lady poked a bespectacled face from behind a chained shut door. "Oh, my God! Katrina! Quick come in."

"Who is it?" came a male voice from inside the room as Mary Sue shut the door to undo the chain.

When the door opened Katrina hurried in and saw a naked Mary Sue hiding behind the door with her new boyfriend Steve sitting naked and very erect on the couch.

"We were waiting for pizza, but it is so good to see you up and out of bed."

"It's so great to be out of bed. I just got back from talking with professor!Ndeke and we have an understanding. I will be passing his course." Katrina smiled.

"That is so wonderful to hear!" Mary Sue said hugging her friend. Katrina smiled at the sensation of the other woman's pillowy breasts squeezing into her.

"I feel so overdressed." Katrina said sliding the two bands of fabric off her shoulders, revealing her bare breasts. She pushed the waist of the dress down and stepped out of it revealing he naked pussy. She stretched, arching her back and tossed the dress out of site behind the couch.

She kissed Mary Sue on the lips and cupped her ass. "I was going to go out, but if you two don't mind, I think I'll stay in with you guys. If it's okay that is."

Mary Sue stared at her is disbelief. "Of course! You were moping in bed for a nearly a week and now you are back to your old self. What's been going on?"

"I guess I can tell you it all." Katrina said guiding Mary Sue to the sofa with an arm around her hips. The two of them sat one on either side of Steve. Katrina reached down and cupped Steve's balls and smiled. She then raised her hand and started to stroke his dick.

Mary Sue started to gently rub his balls, "We want to surprise the delivery person, maybe get a free pie."

"Been there, done that." Katrina laughed. "I have a secret to tell, which you should know about because you are part of it. Both of you actually. It has to do with that club."

"That is such an incredible place. Steve loves it. We fuck like rabbits on the dance floor and then come back here and fuck some more. It's beginning to cut into his swim practice time."

Katrina smiled. "Well there is more to it than the club. There is a journal, where I can write whatever sexual fantasy in it I want and it will come true."

"Anything?" Steve asked. 

Katrina's eyes flashed as she squeezed his dick hard. "Look at her. She is all the fantasy you need. That I'm here stroking your cock is just gravy. She's a better person than I am, and far better than you deserve." Katrina took a deep breath and loosened her grip. She took her fingernail and scooped up a drop of clear precum the leaked from the head and traced the nail around the head of his cock. He shuddered and his eyes rolled back and Katrina went back to softly stroking his dick.

Mary Sue looked anxiously at Katrina, "So anything?"

"There are limits. I can only use it once a week and only five times. The first time was to get the two of you together, well more specifically to fulfill what ever fantasy you had Mary Sue."

"What was the second that left you hiding in your room for a week?"

"I wanted to be fucked by the whole basketball team. I wanted a nice romantic orgy, big hard bodies everywhere, every hole lovingly kissed and filled with cock."

Mary Sue smiled as she was rubbing Steve's sack. "Sound's nice."

"Well I am not sure if it was just Sally and Stacy stirring the pot or if that journal is a damn monkey's paw. The romantic orgy turned into a windowless van, a bag over my head and a full day of gang rape." Katrina eyes teared up a bit and she bent down and started to suck the head of Steve's cock. 

Katrina's hand was working slowly up and down as she tongued and sucked the head.

"I'm going to cum baby." Steve said to Mary Sue.

"It's okay." Mary Sue told her boyfriend.

"You sure?"

Mary Sue nodded and Steve tensed and then relaxed as cum flooded Katrina's mouth. Katrina changed her grip to just holding the base with her thumb and forefinger. She then milked all of the cum out of his cock and swallowed it down.

"Thank you. You won't believe how relaxing that can be."

"You're telling me." Steve said with a smile.

Katrina and Mary Sue looked at him askance.

"It's not like that!"

Mary Sue massaged his balls lightly, "I'll keep that in mind when I'm pegging you."

Katrina laughed. "I just used my third wish tonight."

"Professor Bang?"

"Yes, no actual sex though. I wished to do an erotic dance to earn an A and that he would cum and that I would walk out of there unfucked. It was amazing how it went down. My body slowly changed to that of a Zulu princess, black braided hair, jet black skin, massive tits, larger than yours baby." Katrina said grabbing a hand Mary Sue's tits.

"So you did the Reed dance?"

"Yeah, I think so. I can only remember the Zulu word for it."

"But that's for virgins only."

"Check it." Katrina said spreading her lower lips. Mary Sue bent in and started at her friend's newly regrown hymen.

"So some of the changes stuck?"

"Yeah. This is a fresh start for me. I can use a wish to find true love, lose my virginity to a nice sweet guy who will love me forever."

"Like I did."

"Who say's I'll love you forever?" Steve said.

"The woman holding your testicles." She said with a gentle squeeze.

"I'll love you until the end of time, until the stars fall from the sky, until we are old and grey."

"You have one wish for true love and then that leaves you with one to get back at Sally and Stacy." Mary Sue said thinking.

"Well I have a week to figure it out or two if want to do true love first and risk losing it in the revenge."

"Revenge first." Mary sue let go of Steve's testicles. "Go get me the bag from the comic shop. I have an idea."

Steve hopped up and ran to the bed room his dick flapping. As he was gone the doorbell rang. Katrina and Mary Sue hopped up to get it. They opened the door and saw a pimply faced teenaged boy holding a pizza.

"Yum!" Mary Sue said.

The kid dropped the pizza and ran. Katrina picked up and slammed the door. "It happens occasionally. Some times they come back. We'd best be quiet."

The three of them sat around the table eating pizza while Mary Sue outlined her plan for revenge. Katrina knew that she would have to be careful about the wording and careful to avoid long term effects. 

After dinner Mary Sue invited Katrina to stay over, which she gladly did. The three of them shared one bed with Mary Sue holding Katrina to her bosom and Steve spooning Mary Sue.

The week of classes went for the most part uneventfully. Katrina informed the rest of the staff of what had happened to her the week before and they were all understanding. Professor Bang just looked at her with incredulity. She whispered, "We have an agreement, right?" He nodded mutely.

Part of their plan was that she had to be friendly with Sally and Stacy which she barely managed. The two of them were apologetic and non specific. They asked questions that implied their guilt, "Did you recognize the women's voices? Or the men's? Do you think the police are close to finding out who did it."

"No, No, and No." were the answers. Though the question told her that it was both Sally and Stacy there guiding things. She had only heard one woman speak and hit her, now she knew that there were two of them.

"Perhaps I brought this on myself." Katrina said, hoping her friends would redeem themselves.

Sally and Stacy looked at each other and smiled slightly. "I'm sure you didn't. There was nothing you could do to stop it." Sally said with a smirk.

Katrina gritted her teeth. Her vision had narrowed to bright sharp pin points that were focused on Sally and Stacy's faces. Her ears were burning and she heard a thundering roar. Her heart pounded in her chest and she decided then that she would act without mercy. She smiled her brightest smile and swallowed her rage.

"I really need to stay closer to you two, nothing bad ever happened to me when I've been with you two." She hugged them closely. "Where do you two want to go Friday night?"

"Maybe we'll just have a girls night in. Get a hotel room and some vodka then get silly." Sally said with an evil grin.

"I can't wait." Katrina said thinking things had worked out even better than planned.

Friday morning came and Katrina started to masturbate staring at the journal. She wondered if this would be a step too much for the journal. She hoped it would work. She nervously wrote out the scenario she and Mary Sue planned out in it.

Sally and Stacy had chosen the same hotel where she was dumped as the location for the girl's night. They had promised a night of porn and booze including a great amateur gang-bang video they just found. Katrina guessed that she was the star of the video.

The three girls walked arm in arm up to the hotel room and when Katrina realized that it was the same room she had been dumped in and she felt her anger rise. She set her purse on a table by the door. She took a deep breath and threw back her shoulders. As she breathed in her chest felt bigger. Her shoulders rose. Her face was flushing red with rage and the rage saturated her body.

She took another breath in and flexed her arm muscles feeling them grow. Her face flushed red and she could feel the extra blood flow permeating her body. When the flush reached her crotch that is when things really started to change. She could feel her clit getting longer and thicker. Her labia had sealed up into a sack which was starting to fill up. Stacy looked at her and screamed, "Katrina! What's happening to you!"

Katrina raised a massive hand and smacked Stacy across the hotel room. He clit was semi erect now and already six inches long and peeking out under her skirt. She ran a beefy hand over her hair and it simply faded. Her skin was glowing red now. Her face had transformed into a thick scowl. Her jaw was thickened and her eyes were deeper set. She felt an incredible surge of power as she used one hand to lift Sally by her arm.

Katrina was almost three meters tall now and her skin was bright red. She grabbed the front of Sally's dress and tore it off her body. She grinned in satisfaction as Sally's bra strained and then finally snapped. It was so delicious how her flesh yielded and bent before the material gave way.

Her clit was now a real cock the size of a baseball bat and beneath it was what felt like a pair of testicles the size of basketballs. The cock was long and rigid and pointing straight up, it had a pointed tip and a flared head with fleshy protrusions, almost like backwards facing spikes that would keep her impaled in any hole she entered.

The cock ached like no pain she had felt before. It was a pain of need and desire. Her balls ached for release, they felt full and heavy. She wrapped Sally's ruined clothes around her cock and stroked it a few times, soaking the fabric in precum, as she stroked she wondered how guys ever left the house if it felt this good.

"You're mine bitch." She tried to whisper but it came out a guttural snarl. She lowered Sally to the bed, placing a hand over her shoulder. The one hand covered Sally's shoulder and upper arm. Katrina's thumbnail now a thick black claw dug into Sally's tit drawing blood. Katrina bent down and licked the thin trickle with long forked tongue.

She stabbed blindly with the penis at Sally's crotch landing square on her taint. Sally shrieked and wimpered as Katrina kept pushing where there was no opening. In desperation Sally grabbed the massive cock with her free hand and guided it into her pussy. Once the head started to enter Katrina gave a massive push. She was surprised when she saw the outline of her cock pushing up almost through Sally's belly. 

It was a delightful sensation to be totally buried inside of her friend like that. Sally's twat enveloped the cock in a warm slickness. Katrina pulled back and saw the cock was streaked with blood. She drove in again and felt a tingling sensation in the tip and pressure rising up from the base. The cock jerked against her will and almost lifted Sally off the bed with it's force. She almost blacked out from the orgasm. She felt jets of thick cum squirt out. A thick pink mixture of blood and cum oozed around the massive cock. Her cock was still hard and aching for more pussy.

Katrina pulled the cock out and went to where Stacy was sitting in the corner. "Suck it."

Stacy turned her head from the disgusting thing and Katrina grabbed it by the base and swung it like a bat and smacked Stacy in the face, blackening her eye. "I said, Suck it Bitch."

Stacy grabbed the massive thing just behind the head and started to lick it. Katrina swung her hips and cock slapped Stacy again. "I said suck, not lick."

Stacy opened her mouth as far as she could and just barely got the head in. Katrina grabbed her hair and forced Stacy's head down on her cock. She felt it slide deep down Stacy's throat. Stacy's lips slammed into her crotch. Katrina pulled Stacy's head back and off her penis. As Stacy's mouth cleared the head of her dick Stacy vomited all over the flow. 

Katrina threw Stacy face down on top of Sally and forced her legs her legs apart spreading her cunt. Katrina shoved her rock hard cock deep into Stacy then took hold of her thighs and pulled herself all the way in.

Katrina felt things tear as her cock went in. There was resistance as she started to pull out.

Stacy screamed in pain. Katrina's fingers dug into her thighs and spread them even further apart. Katrina grunted and pumped hard. She could feel her balls tighten and lift. This was going to be the monster cum that she needed. Her cock exploded into her friend. Katrina felt the balls empty and then vanish. It was like she was cumming the testicles out. She didn't care the euphoria was so wonderful. She pulled the cock there were bits of what could only be described as gore hanging off of it.

Katrina suddenly felt incredibly tired and her last thought as she passed out was she didn't get a chance to try peeing standing up.

As soon as Katrina woke up she ran over to Mary Sue's apartment. Inside of Katrina's purse was a GoPro camera. Mary Sue hooked it up to her computer and downloaded the video. The two women watch it in awe. It looked like a cross between a bargain basement amateur porn and a high end Sci-Fi CGI spectacular. The lighting was crap, the angles were terrible, but there was no denying that a giant red demon was raping the hell out of two young women.

"So what was it like?" Mary Sue asked pinching her thighs together.

"It was incredible. The sensation for guys is so much different. I loved the way their cunts squeezed my dick. The different sensations on each part of the penis."

"How was the blowjob."

"Teeth suck. I should have smashed her face in first." Katrina said dispassionately.

"See babe, I told you to watch the teeth." Steve chimed in.

"Yeah, but guys lie." Mary Sue said with a smile. "So just what did you write in the journal?"

Katrina pulled it out and read, "I want to transform into a male demon and violently rape Sally and Stacy with the only evidence of the deed being pregnancies for them and a video recording for me."

"You added the pregnancy."

"Bitches fucking deserve it."

"They'll probably get abortions."

"Yeah, but that way the will know it's not just some freaky drug trip."

The next part will finish up this story. I make take up another five chapters at some point in the future. I would appreciate input on who gets the journal next and which way the next arc heads.