 Chapter 1

The nostalgic smell of old magick reached her as her hand gently passed over the bindings of the Books of Shadows. Each journal held within it a part of her heritage. Each was written by one of her ancestors of their lives, their spells, their beliefs and more.

Caitlyn looked around the room. The energy here was refreshing, bordering somewhere between exciting and calming. This sunroom attached to the back of her mother's home had been carefully set within a clearing of trees to hide it from

the eyes of the outside world. With walls of windows on three sides, the first of which curved up and over to the house to create a glass ceiling, it allowed one to be in nature even when the Pennsylvania weather was disagreeable. The wall

separating the sunroom from the house was a wall-to-wall shelf. It stretched from the ceiling to the floor stuffed with the items often called for in the great collection of books of witchcraft, published and personal, that resided on them. A permanent stone circle had been made in the floor, and an altar always waited to be used there.

Her best friend, Seana, sat curled up in a large papas an chair leafing through a Book of Shadows. They spent a lot of their free time reading the journals learning and perfecting their craft.

"Wait until you see what I found!" Seana stood facing Caitlyn with the journal gripped to her chest. The mischievous light of her soul shown in her eyes. "Hey, what are you doing staring out into the night without a book?"

"I got distracted by the beauty of the place. Look at how..."

"Back to the books, girl." Seana forced a glare to prompt her friend into motion.

"Okay." But, instead of quickly returning to the books, she watched Seana go greedily back to the page before her. A smile pulled at Seana's face as her eyes raced over the words missing that Caitlyn was just standing there with that amused

look of love and friendship on her face.

"Okay. We have to try this." Seana spoke with the quickness of the persuasive.

"Do what?"

"Just say you will."

"You are scaring me," Caitlyn said then let out a childish laugh despite her attempt to remain solid in her stance to not agree until she knew what she was agreeing to.

"Just listen to this. It's about crafting yourself as a true witch. She writes of ways to connect to the energy of all things."

"Who writes? Whose Book of Shadows do you have?" Caitlyn interrupted.

"Uh, it is Neva. Isn't that your grandmother's sister?"

"Yes, and from the stories I have heard about her, I am becoming terrified."

"Shush! Listen! It's about sex magick," she hurriedly put in before Caitlyn could object in any way. "She talks about how a sexual experience, from foreplay through orgasm, puts the mind into a heightened state of sensitivity. Because orgasm eliminates the ego, we become extrasensory. Sex is the best, the most natural, means of generating the energy we need for magick. She says a couple, a coven or a solitary witch can do it. She explains it as a means to an end. It does not matter if it is masturbation, heterosexual or homosexual in nature. It is just about sexual excitement and orgasm."

"But do you think..."

"Shush! You begin with a meditation on what you want to achieve using the appropriate candles and herbs. With a partner within a circle you start by facing each other...uh, kneeling with the eyes closed stroking and caressing your partner's

body. It must be slow to bring about the most heightened state of arousal before orgasm. She even talks about mutual masturbation and oral sex."

"And you would be comfortable taking our friendship to this level?" Caitlyn joked with her friend just to see if she could trip her up in the midst of her enthusiasm, but she knew her words were useless once Seana, who was already up gathering supplies, got an idea.

"Funny," Seana continued on unphased. Although neither would be considered beautiful or skinny compared to the current Hollywood celebs, they had been raised to see beauty differently, had grown up together and were more than comfortable naked. Still, Seana had caught the joke.

"It is actually perfect. Midsummer's Eve is only a few days away and often used to figure out if a girl will fall in love or be married soon. You could try to see if Brent is the one. Wait..." Seana grabbed the red candles and began placing

them on the altar. Caitlyn did wait. She could see Seana's wheels turning even though she was unsure if Seana's idea would be better or worse than the one she was forming in her own head. "You have been wondering what it is that keeps

you with Brent, if it is only strong sexual attraction that keeps you with him or love. I mean you guys disagree about everything under the sun then end up in bed by the end of the night anyway."

"Speaking of Brent, I am sure he would love me performing sex magick with you in order to figure out if he and I were actually meant to be together. Come to think of it, would it be cheating on him?"

"Caitlyn, you uptight little witch!" Seana giggled at her friend's attempt to pursue the joke to avoid the real issue. "As Neva wrote, it is only a means to an end. You are not in love with me. Can we be serious here a minute? You interrupted

my thought. Shush! Listen! You could do the spell with Brent. He doesn't have to know the craft. You could just use his extra energy to get your answer. Our mothers are going into Washington DC for the Summer Solstice celebration."

"Great. You explain it when they ask what we did for the celebration. Speaking of explanations, what exactly am I supposed to tell Brent that we are doing the spell for? Let's see, 'Brent, by the way we are going to bring each other to orgasm in order to figure out if I should be with you or not.'" She watched Seana get the St. Johns Wort often used on Midsummer's Eve for divination of a future lover.

"No, all he has to know is it is for the future, it is for love. He won't be able to see your meditation. It is perfect, Miss Negative. The slow foreplay is just as important as the orgasm."

"You are forgetting one small detail. Brent and I usually fight about 'The Craft.' He never quite gets what I am talking about. We go round and round the explanations and his perceptions until one of us gets really defensive and hurt. I don't think he would want to. I mean who knows how he will interpret it?"

"That is why it is so perfect. It is a simple spell that you will tell him is simply about enriching or strengthening your future. Plus, he will be enticed by the sex. What man turns down sex, magical or not? You will have him right there strengthening your meditation on him. You have to find out what is going on with you guys. I know each fight tears at you. We both know how much easier it would be to date a man who practices. Yet, there is this pull for you to him that even

you can't explain. Ask him, Caitlyn, ask him! Your relationship is too stressful for me." Seana gripped her friend's shoulders. Caitlyn could see the seriousness of Seana's concern for her beneath the playfulness.

"Fine."

Chapter 2

Caitlyn felt Brent's hand tremble as they entered the sunroom.

She tried to tell herself it was the energy the room always seemed to hold, instead of fear.

"Are you alright?"

"Fine."

"You don't have to..."

"Don't!" His tone bore the sharpness of fear topped with frustration. "I told you I will keep an open mind, and I will keep that promise. I don't want to fight with you. I want to be with you." He grasped her hips pulling her toward him and

laying his forehead against hers.

"Lets get started casting the circle. We must begin skyclad." She found it amusing that he diverted his eyes as they undressed. She knew his newfound shyness reflected his comfort level. He always took in all he could see of her body when they were together. Brent had never failed at making her feel

beautiful and desired.

At that moment, Caitlyn was relieved that Seana had set everything out already. At least one obstacle had been eliminated. Caitlyn cautiously led him through everything. She had already gone through the process of meditation with him, so that no words would need to be spoken. That way, she could

concentrate solely on her private meditation, as he thought of strengthening their future. Caitlyn pulled him into the middle of the circle and down onto his knees facing her.

"Now begin meditating, visualizing our future and relax and begin touching me." Caitlyn commanded in her professional tone as she placed her hands on either side of his face. She gave him a light kiss, more breathing energy into him than

anything else, before closing her eyes and running her hands down over his shoulders feeling the peaks and dips along the ridges of his muscles. She felt his tenseness.

"Relax." She let her hands fall to his chest. She forced her mind to the task at hand as she reached out to him.

Brent's hands went slowly to her shoulders mimicking her movements. She felt her breasts tense as his hands dipped slightly. She tried to force comfort through her hands into him to replace his uneasiness because it was affecting her ability to begin her own meditation.

His hands were flat-palmed against Caitlyn's skin. He stopped with the heel of his hand just above her nipples and slowly followed the roundness of her full

breasts teasing her untouched nipples that seemed to become erect from desire alone. His touch was always like fire against her skin. Whenever their skin touched there always seemed to be a light emanating from the sensation, but here in this room connected to the earth as they were on their knees, and to each other, Caitlyn thought she could hear the crackle of energy. When he took her nipple into his mouth, she felt the heat throughout her breast. Her lungs tensed, her stomach

churned and her pussy moistened as she felt the tight sensation of her nipple hardening to an even more erect state.

Her first reaction was to worry about him and what he was thinking. She consciously focused on the physical feelings and conjured an image of a man in her mind. When his fingers lightly teased Caitlyn's erect wet nipple as his mouth found

her other one, the heat burned through her inhibitions. She stopped worrying about him and gave herself over to the magick.

She found her eyes opening to enjoy the sight of her own hands gripping Brent's chest tightly. As his hands found their way over her ribs, down over the pouch of her stomach and back up again until they bumped back up against the often neglected underside of her breasts, Caitlyn's insides became molten. 

She separated her thighs a little to allow the hot moisture there to mingle with the air. Brent ran his hands around her back pulling her into an embrace that allowed her breasts to smother his. The familiar smell of his hair caught her as the scent of his sweat-moistened skin mingled with the scent of intimacy. The unusual heat of this June had stifled the air. 

She pulled back when the idea of time began to escape her. Nudging his legs out from under him and shoving them apart, Caitlyn spread her own legs out and placed her thighs over his. She gently scooted closer until she felt Brent's stiffness fall onto her own moist folds. Inside her opening, muscles pulsated to an urgent ache. She felt his fingers wiggling into her moistness. With a small twist, his fingers gently flicked against her clit and began rubbing the outer edge of her hole. He circled there, increasing his pressure with each round.

"Do you see us?" He whispered the question into her ear. Caitlyn felt the air quiver against her skin as if thousands of tiny fingers were tapping every inch of her from head to toe.

"Not yet. Do you?" She couldn't admit to him she had lost the ability of sight to the pleasure of physical sensation.

"It's too vague. I am not really sure." Brent pushed two fingers up inside Caitlyn's ready opening. "Touch me, Caitlyn."

She wiggled her fingers between them to where his erection lay against the small pouch of her stomach. The entire breadth of his four fingers went again to her clit, coaxing until the hard nub coming out from under its soft hood tingled. A

small sensation bordering on pain cut through her as he slowly moved the fingers until they were encased within her.

She softly sighed at the welcome intrusion. Lacing the fingers of her hands together, she sheathed his cock. They rocked against one another rhythmically with his balls bumping his knuckles forcing his fingers further into her. She gripped him tighter in response to her own ecstasy. The explosion of a bright bluish-white light blew apart any chance of an image entering her mind. Somehow, oblivious to her, he had gotten his dick inside her. Orgasms began rocking them both as they pushed against each other, stuck to each other nipple to nipple and thigh to thigh. The lights in Caitlyn's head singed the air in her lungs, shooting flames to her toes.

The heat began to relax her muscles. They embraced riding out the last echoes of pleasure.

"I saw us." His voice seemed to lack the emotion one would think should accompany such a revelation. "Did you?"

Caitlyn opened her eyes and pulled back enough to look at him. She blinked a few times in a confused recognition of his words.

"Ah...no. No, I saw just lights. I think I just saw the energy we created. I couldn't seem to focus on the actual task at hand." She blushed and looked down only to see him still inside of her.

"Should I be flattered?" he glibly asked as they began to disconnect from one another. Once they were standing, she pulled him to her again rising up on her toes to meet him cheek to cheek. "Thank you, sweetie, for doing this with me." She felt a jolt when her pussy bumped against him. Skyclad still, she closed the circle.

Chapter 3

Caitlyn was still curled up in the papasan chair the following day when Seana woke her. Through sleepy eyes, she watched her friend plop into the chair beside her.

"Never even left last night? Must have been some circle."

"Yeah." Caitlyn stretched out her aching back and felt the air touch her breasts as the blanket slid down her to her waist. Instinct had her covering herself.

"Still skyclad I see. And, 'yeah' is the only explanation I get. Details, girl. And thanks for covering up those things, my B cups have always been so jealous."

Relating the events of her evening brought her out of her sleepy haze. She was just at the white lights part when the binding of a book that sat three books away from her seemed to spark a glimmer of light toward her eye. The old faded gold ribbon that bound it together shimmered with newness as her hand, now shaking, reached for it. Caitlyn allowed the energy still swirling through her to direct her to a page. 

When a page fell open, her breath caught before she had read a word. The entry was a retelling of an oral story that had been passed down. The story told of a witch forced to flee her home as the witch hunts were getting too close for comfort. She was in love with a man who would soon be forced to choose between turning against her or dying with her. They made love their last night together in the middle of a cast circle as they planned her escape and hoped for her safety. Each touch brought with it the reality they would never see each other again. 

They slowly built the fire within each other taking their time to touch, kiss and taste, then with the clenching of orgasm vibrating within them, the witch cast

a spell. Ignoring the laws of the craft in her desperate state, with the smells of their juices mixed within her, she cast a love spell onto their descendents several hundred years into the future.

"Caitlyn. Caitlyn, are you alright? You are scaring me. Caitlyn!"

"What?" Caitlyn stammered in response to the sound of her friend's voice.

"What just happened to you? I swear you were not even here. Your eyes were open, but you looked as if you were dead." Seana's hands went to her friend's face. "You are cold and pale. Are you sick?"

"No...no, I'm not...um...I'm not... The story here... the spell... I think it was cast on me." With a frail voice Caitlyn told her friend what she had read. "It is the date. My great-grandmother wrote this Book of Shadows. I recognized her name. The spell was cast onto a female in her family line who would be of childbearing years at the beginning of the new millennium."

"Caitlyn, that could be anyone of childbearing age in your family right now. That could be..."

"No, Seana, I know it is me. I can feel it inside me. The connection when I read the story. I was there watching the spell being cast. I was right there, but just outside the circle she cast somehow. I could see the flickers of the candles. I

watched their bodies twitch in orgasm, ass muscles tight under clenched fingers, and I heard each word of the spell. I felt each word of the spell. It came to me in an orgasm of my own." She paused as she realized how wet she was again. Her hand instinctively moved to confirm the telling moisture. "My muscles are still twitching."

"What was the spell, Caitlyn?"

"I would fall in love, no matter what the circumstances, with a descendent of his." Caitlyn didn't hold back from her friend's embrace.

"You scared me. You really scared me." Caitlyn was not sure which of them was trembling. "You just were not here. Your body looked like a ghost. Maybe it was just my fear, but I could not even find a pulse. I had no idea how or even if I could get you back."

"I'm sorry." She started to cry. "I was just swept back in time. I wanted to believe it was only in my mind. I don't know exactly what happened to me."

"Let me take the book home. I can research Brent's family history today on the Internet."

"Why?"

"Because, don't you see, if Brent is his descendent, then the spell was cast on you and Brent. It would be your answer... if you are meant to be together. You will have your answer after all. I can call him and ask a few questions to get me started. Oh, don't look at me that way. He thinks I am a little off anyway. So you can, I'm sure, get away with very little questioning."

"It seems like a lot of work for you on such a long shot. Oh, but I am supposed to go over to Brent's tonight."

"Okay, well go. I will call your cell when I know something. Look, forget it. It's nothing to worry about, and I don't mind the work. You could not live without knowing, now could you? I know I can't."

"It feels strange. She broke the only law of magick. She interfered with someone else's life. If it is me, will the wrong she did bring about...wrong? Was the spell strong enough to work?"

"Okay! Stop! Don't worry. Just get dressed before I attack you." Caitlyn shot Seana a wicked look of disgust, but the laughter the comment was meant to evoke did break the tension of the moment.

Chapter 4

Caitlyn was just glad the day was over as she walked into Brent's apartment building. She had tried to get more sleep, but her thoughts were focused on trying to figure out her moment of apparent time travel and the spell that might have

been cast on her. She knocked on his door sleepy and disoriented.

"Hi, baby." He pulled her into a frantic kiss, but her body did not respond. She stood there befuddled as he feasted on her mouth. "Are you opposed to kissing me for some reason?"

"What? No. Sorry I got very little sleep."

"Well, come in then, maybe I can find a way to wake you." He smiled wistfully.

She followed him into the kitchen wishing she was home in bed alone with her thoughts where she could try to fall asleep. Brent started a pot of coffee brewing, as she stood there lost in her own thoughts. He reached over to pull her to him again, and the advance instantly irritated her.
