 "It's not going to fit! Fuck! Bobby! Listen to me!! OHH!! FUCK!!" Lucy screamed.

Bobby couldn't stop. Lucy was pinned down on her back on the bed.. her legs were pushed all the way back until her knees almost touched the pillow. He had both of her tiny ankles in his large hand pressed above her head. Her pelvis was fully tilted with her She was still wearing her thigh-high tights, but that was all. She reached up to grab hold of the metal headboard for support.

The Sexualtie Extrema spell had taken hold and they were trapped within its grasp.

His other hand attempted to guide his huge pulsating manhood into her too-tight pussy.

He had grown too thick too fast,.. the head was already the same circumference as a coke can, and her tiny slit just would not accept the girth. But that didn't stop him. He kept mashing and pushing his giant engorged member, until the head finally slipped into her wet folds.

"Oh My God!" she screamed. A flash of painful pleasure crossed her gorgeous face. She scrunched up her cute eyebrows as she allowed him to penetrate her.

"Are you ok?" he grunted. He shoved harder and his mega cock slipped into the tight hole.

"Ohhh, shit! Oh Shit!" she squirmed. "Um.. oh shit!.. No.. No.. don't stop! Don't! Stop!" she squealed.. tears formed in her large eyes "Fuck!... I need it! Oh Shit! Push it Bobby! Fuck Me harder!!" she cried.

He could see his giant girth squeezing up inside her abdomen towards her bouncing breasts. Only minutes ago, she was only a modest B cup.. but now her boobs were swelling uncontrollably. They protruded out like balloons, bouncing around as he fucked her harder and harder.

A surge of pleasure rushed through his cock and he pounded her deeper and deeper. His mind was out of control.. it took all he had to keep himself from hurting her. His eyes were focused on her growing breasts. With each thrust, they swelled. She was easily twice her original size.

Her petitions became louder; as each push of his mighty girth was shoved deeper into her stretched love hole.

"Ah! ... Ow!. .. Fuck! .. Yes!"

Matching the impossible growth of her breasts was the immensity of his manhood. Each time her breasts expanded, his cock and balls also gained in size. Beneath him, his heavy balls swung like a bull. His veined cock must have grown at least almost a foot long. He had already bottomed out, but her body seemed to now accommodate it and he continued slapping hard and deep with each push.

"Oh! Oh! Shit! It's coming! I'm going to.. I'm going to cum!" she wailed. Her breasts showed no sign of stopping, swelling like balloons, toppling over her sides, each one was easily the size of a basketball, an extreme contrast to her tiny waist. Her nipples were pert and ultra sensitive, sticking out like rose colored wine corks.

Dozens of G-spots blossomed inside of her overstretched love canal, each one surging with the demand for release. Pleasure beyond her imagining raged inside her mind as spread to help receive the unbelievable monstercock that penetrated her tight entrance.

Simultaneously, as Bobby's manhood grew to immense proportions, his turgid cock seemed to glow with ungodly amounts of pleasure.. His mind screamed for release. Deeper he plunged; her screams of pleasure rang in his ears. He felt like animal in heat. They lost track of time, was it minutes? hours? He was out of control, everything in him desired her as she formed into the insane epitome of his lust.

Finally, time seemed to slow down, and together the volcanic pinnacle of their lust erupted together as they linked in a mind-searing orgasm of insane proportions. As the wave of his seed burst into her crammed body, she felt a pleasure beyond imagining, her back arched pushing her bushel sized breasts to each side as they wailed together in a harmony of pure animalistic bleating. 

Wave after wave of pleasure crashed upon the shores of their joined ecstacy, until finally the spell was satisfied and they were released to lose consciousness and fall into each other's arms, spent beyond what lifetime could have naturally supplied.

On the floor, the words on the pages of the ancient spellbook they had found in the old attic glowed briefly and then disappeared as the young couple, in their exhausted slumber, reverted to their original forms.