 Jon Laurent stepped into the room, his Shadow Dagger out in front of him in a defensive posture. Two Magi stood across the stone kitchen from him. Both of their eyes glowed silver. 

The one on the left was tall with long dark hair that was matted against his head. He had dark circles under his eyes and a weeks-old beard covered his jaw. In short, he had the look of someone who had just come back from a long journey. This must be Ashford Caulston.

The mage on the right was short with tightly curled, dark blonde hair. Jon could sense greater power from this man than from Ashford Caulston. This was going to be tricky.

They both already had protective spells cast around them. Jon took advantage of the moment of silence his arrival had caused to study the runes surrounding each Magi. Ashford Caulston's was a 7th Tier spell. The other Magi's spell was 9th Tier.

Only the most advanced Magi Victus could do what he just did; none could read runes better than Jon and certainly not in a matter of seconds. Most Magi Victus were touchy about the subject of magic for...obvious reasons. Consequently, no one bothered to take advantage of what gifts they did have to improve their knowledge.

Jon pointed his dagger at the shorter Magi. "I am not here for you, Magi. Leave now and I will spare your life."

The shorter Magi turned toward Ashford. They shared a small smile. He turned back to Jon. "I think not, half-breed. I would explain about brotherhood and sacrifice but I doubt you would even comprehend what those words mean."

Jon smiled. If they thought to unbalance him with insults, they were painfully mistaken. Instead of taking offense at the insult, Jon bowed low. "Forgive me, where are my manners? I am Jon Laurent of the Magi Victus. May I have the name of the man whom I address?

The blond-haired Magi stared warily at him for several seconds, as though he expected a trap. Finally, he said "I am Daminus Ventus, Master of the 9th Tier of the Guild of Magi."

Jon raised his eyebrows in surprise. "I find myself in great company, it seems. But alas, I don't believe we will have the time to sit down and enjoy a cup of tea together."

The Magi tensed as Jon shifted his stance. Ashford Caulston held up his hand and began chanting. Runes flashed fast in front of him as his fingers weaved a delicate dance. Jon knew what spell he was casting. He smiled.

"Ashford Caulston, Magi of the 9th Tier, ambassador and diplomat, you have a deathmark placed on your head. I am here to collect."

Ashford's eyes widen in shock as Jon disappeared.

***

Evelyn let out a deep breath and almost collapsed from relief. Sophina grabbed her forearm to steady her. She nodded her thanks and they continued past the front gates of the Emporium.

Evelyn's deepest fear that she would have to fight her way out of the Emporium never materialized. Evidently, Raynolt was so secure in his arrogance that he never considered the fact that Evelyn might escape. 

Or he might have been preoccupied with the rather large hole burned through his shoulder by the Grand Master. Evelyn almost smiled at the thought.

No one had paid attention to the seemingly normal nighttime stroll Evelyn and her guard took along the halls of the Emporium. As far as the guards knew, nothing unusual had happened tonight. That would change in a few hours. 

Evelyn shuddered to think of how the rest of the Guild of Magi will take the news of the Grand Master's death. Will there be a great divide in the ranks?

These thoughts found no traction in her mind, however. Her fear for Daminus overpowered any other emotion she might be feeling. She walked slowly down the path from the front gates until they disappeared from view.

"Now," Sophina said, grabbing Evelyn by the arm and leading her to the cover of a nearby tree. Evelyn opened herself up to the magic and began casting. Runes twisted around Sophina and herself.

"Is it done?" Sophina asked. Evelyn nodded. She sometimes forgot that magical runes could only be seen other Magi, so little time did she spend with non-Magi. 

And the Magi Victus can see, as well. Evelyn almost snarled at the thought. Those damn half-breeds! If Raynolt hadn't been such a murdering bastard, I might have agreed with his war proposal. But she knew Daminus would never support such a proposal. He was far wiser than she.

Sophina shivered. "It makes my hair stand on end to think that there is something covering me that I can't see."

Evelyn nodded. "I'm sorry, but speed is of the essence right now. Are you ready? Remember: just trust in the magic and your body will adapt."

Sophina licked her lips. She looked scared. Evelyn reached out and grabbed her hand. Sophina jumped in surprise and then blushed. Evelyn thought it was a curious reaction but didn't have time to think about it.

Still holding her hand, Evelyn began to run. Sophina gasped in surprise as she starting moving at a speed faster than was humanly possible. She stumbled as her legs tried to cope with hitting the ground several yards at a time. Evelyn kept a firm grip on her hand.

Sophina, to her credit, quickly adjusted. "This is incredible!" she laughed as they raced down the near-deserted streets of Astuari. 

Evelyn hoped than not too many people were out at this late hour. The sight of a woman in a robe and a guard in full plate armor running faster than the wind might cause a stir.

Daminus, just hold on. I am coming. She willed the thought across the soul-bond. She knew he wouldn't hear her; only extreme emotions carried across the bond. But she didn't care. She had to make it in time.

"This way!" Sophina shouted into the roar of the wind that whipped past them. She tugged Evelyn's hand and she let her lead. Sophina had worked at Ashford's house several times and knew the fastest way there.

They ran down back alleys and side streets at a furious pace. Sophina said he lived about 5 miles from the Emporium. Evelyn estimated that with this enhancement spell, it would only take 10 minutes.

Sure enough, after several minutes of twists and turns, Sophina stopped abruptly in the middle of a street. Evelyn dropped the enhancement spell. Sophina gasped and fell with a crunch to the street.

"Sophina, I am so sorry!" Evelyn gasped as she helped the woman back on her feet. Sophina swayed several times before she could steady herself. "The shock on the body is...abrupt. Forgive me; my mind is not here right now. Your body should readjust in a few minutes."

Evelyn turned toward the house that Sophina had stopped in front of. Now that she was here, she wasn't quite sure how to proceed. She wanted nothing more than to charge in there and protect her husband but she knew it would futile. Daminus had taught her much about battle and strategy. She was no match for Jon Laurent.

"My lady, why do we wait? Your husband is in there, is he not?" Sophina drew her sword. Her arm quivered as she held it out. She took a deep breath and seemed to fall into some kind of trance. Her arm steadied. 

Remarkable. "Yes, Daminus is in there. I can feel it. But there is something I haven't told you yet...Jon Laurent is in there as well."

Sophina turned toward her. She lifted the visor on her helmet and gave Evelyn a fearful look. "What...what are we going to do?"

"I don't know," Evelyn whispered. She had to figure something out.

***

Raynolt Teryus winced as Morgana laid her hands on his wound. Her eyes widened in shock. "What happened?" she asked.

"I was...caught off guard. It was a momentarily lapse that I soon corrected." Raynolt hated admitting any deficiency in his skill. 

Damn that old man! It was his fault that he lay on Morgana's bed, stripped to the waist and waiting to be healed.

Morgana's lips tightened in anger. "I thought you said you could handle him?"

Raynolt glared at her. Morgana met his gaze for several seconds before bowing her head. Satisfied, Raynolt said, "He wasn't alone. That insipid whore Evelyn Ventus was with him. I had to fight both of them at the same time."

Morgana hissed. "Evelyn? What was she doing there?"

Raynolt suppressed a smile. Evelyn was Morgana's bitter rival. "It seems Boltus ordered Daminus to investigate the assassinations. Evelyn may have come tonight because she knows something."

"Is she still alive?" Morgana licked her lips. 

My dear Morgana, you really have it out for this woman don't you? Petty Magi and their petty squabbles...this is why I have to change things.

"Yes she is, actually. I ordered Darrius to bring her to my office as soon as he is done with her."

"Done with her?" Morgana threw back her head and laughed. "That freak is raping her, isn't he? The thought of having a soul-bonded woman must have made him drool! Oh, how I wish I could see it!"

Raynolt let her indulge herself for a few seconds before interrupting her laughter. "Yes, well, if you behave yourself, I might give her over to you once I have questioned her. In the meantime, my dear, could you fix this shoulder already?"

Still chuckling to herself, Morgana's eyes glowed silver as she began to move her fingers over the wound on his shoulder. Raynolt kept her around for this very reason. She was only a 5th Tier mage but her healing skills were of the 10th Tier.

"Brace yourself," she told him. Raynolt closed his eyes and gripped the side of the mattress. He felt her hand come down on his wound and all he felt for several minutes afterwards was intense agony. 

Magical energy roared through his body as it began to knit his shoulder back together. He convulsed and bit his tongue and fought the pain. Blood seeped out of his tightly clenched lips. His teeth were clenched so tight together that he feared they might shatter.

Finally, after what seemed like eternity, the pain lessened enough for him to open his eyes. Morgana stared down at him worriedly. Her face was paler than its usual white glow. "I thought I almost lost you there for a second," she whispered.

He wiped blood off his chin with a quivering hand. His muscles felt like they had turned to water. "What in the nine hells was that?"

Morgana didn't answer but instead began fiddling with his pillow. "Morgana," he said warningly. At least he meant to say it warningly but it came out as a croak. She got up and brought back a glass of water. He consented to let her hold it for him as he drank.

He finished the glass and dropped his head back to the pillow. "Morgana, what just happened?" His voice sounded stronger this time.

She stared down into his eyes and smoothed the damp hair off his forehead. "You were dying," she said at last. Tears glistened in her eyes.

Raynolt felt the earth drop out beneath him. That old man pushed me to the brink of death? Impossible! "I think you are exaggerating, Morgana."

Her eyes flared as she huffed, "I am a healer of the 10th Tier Raynolt! I think I know when somebody is dying!"

He wanted to argue further but didn't have the strength. He would let the affront to his pride pass just this once. "I am sorry," he told her.

If she heard the lie in his words, she chose to ignore it. Instead, she smiled down at him. "That was the most complex healing I ever had to do. I can't imagine the pain it must have caused."

"About that," Raynolt said angrily, "why didn't you warn me? You acted like you were about to perform an ordinary mundane healing."

"And make you suffer with needless worry?" she snapped back. "Forgive me, but I don't like the thought of torturing you."

He reached up and ran his fingers through her long blond hair. "Did I ever tell you how beautiful you are when you are angry?"

"Do you think I will fall prey to your flattery?" Her pale cheeks reddened with more than anger. He smiled at the small victory. 

The red on her cheeks really does heighten her beauty. Amazingly, he felt his cock twitch as he stared at her. It seems not all of me is out of energy.

He curled a strand of hair around his fingers and pulled it toward him. She leaned down and brought her lips to his. Her tongue slipped inside his mouth. Her hand trailed down his naked chest and reached under his loincloth. Her warm hand quickened his arousal. 

Ok maybe I keep her around for more than her healing skills.

"I am glad to see that someone is regaining his strength," she whispered teasingly. "I hope there is a way I can make up for the hurt I caused earlier."

"Yes, I believe there is," he gasped as her fingers began to tug on his balls. "I need the magic of your mouth to recover from this grievous wound."

She smiled at him playfully and moved down toward his legs. She pulled his loincloth down slowly, her fingers trailing along his inner thighs. The cloth finally pulled free. He was harder than he ever remembered.

As she lowered her lips to his throbbing cock, he marveled at his own arousal. His whole body felt as weak as a newborn kitten but he had never felt more aroused in his whole life. He closed his eyes and reveled in this new feeling as her lips and tongue worked their own special brand of magic.

It must be the battle with Boltus...that's why I feel so aroused. He had spent countless years dreaming of the day when he would topple that foolish old man. He had never felt more alive than in the brief moments when he engaged the Grand Master in battle.

The recollection of the scene and the lips on his cock made him groan in pleasure. Morgana looked up at him and pulled her lips off. "You like this, do you?" she asked him teasingly.

For an answer, he reached up with his still weak-hand and grabbed the back her head and guided her back to his cock. She looked at him and flicked her tongue out, licking the head of his cock. The feeling sent a shiver through him.

Her tongue feels like the lightning bolt that ripped through my shoulder. The lightning bolt hadn't been a pleasant feeling but it did feel powerful. Morgana was a different power. She held the power of life and death. This woman sucking his cock had just brought him back from the brink of death.

He never knew that power could translate into lust. His cock ached with the reverberations of power. The power of Boltus. The power of Morgana. Both were brought to their knees in his presence.

I am power. His body shivered again with the thought. Morgana increased her pace, perhaps believing that she was driving him crazy. He glanced at her and watched as her lips wrapped around his cock and was moved down her throat. 

She sucked him like this for several seconds before popping back up for air. She massaged his balls with her hand as she caught her breath.

He closed his eyes again and felt an ache deep within him. It felt like the gathering of power, waiting to be released. Again he was struck by the similarities of power and lust. This is how he felt as he stared down Boltus. The magic was gathering inside of him, begging for release. He knew he would not lose, not with the power he felt.

He felt that same power gathering in his balls. He wanted nothing more than to unleash it and obliterate Morgana with it. He clenched his teeth and rode the wave of euphoria that threatened to overwhelm him. Morgana stopped sucking, sensing his imminent release. Her lips left his cock and she began pumping him with her hand.

He kept his eyes closed when he unleashed his power. He felt the sticky substance splash his thighs and belly. Morgana continued to squeeze every last drop out of him. His body relaxed and he unclenched his teeth.

The power was gone, momentarily. It would return. It always did.

"I have never seen you like that," Morgana said. "What got into you?" He opened his eyes and saw her wiping her hands with a cloth. She bent down and removed his seed from his legs and belly.

"Power," he mumbled. He felt even weaker than he did before. His eyes closed shut again.

"What was that?" she asked. But he didn't have the energy to respond. He felt sleep taking him down.

A loud pounding on the door snapped his eyes open.

"Master Teryus! Are you in there? It's urgent!" 

The voice belonged to Lenard Demps. Morgana looked at him and nodded her head at the door. He nodded back at her. She walked swiftly to the door. It took all of his strength to reach down and pull up his loincloth.

Morgana opened the door. "Master Teryus is in no condition to receive—hey!" Lenard pushed Morgana aside and quickly strode over to Raynolt. Morgana gritted her teeth; Lenard was 8th Tier and was her superior.

You better watch your back Lenard. He almost chuckled at how protective Morgana was of him. He knew she hated anyone who tried to take her place of power by his side. The tall, brown-skinned Magi shot her a warning glance.

"What is it Lenard? I thought I told you before I came in here to wait for me in my office so we can question Evelyn Ventus."

"I am sorry to interrupt you Master Teryus, but I have urgent news. I waited in your office like you told me. But Darrius never showed up. I went to the Grand Master's office to see what was taking so long."

"And?" Raynolt prompted him when he fell silent.

"Darrius...is dead. It was a sword thrust through the back. Evelyn Ventus is nowhere to be found."

Anger gave Raynolt enough strength to swing his legs over the bed and sit up. "Damn that Darrius! I told him to make it quick!" He gritted his teeth in frustration. "You said he was killed by a sword?"

"Yes, Master Teryus. I have seen enough battle fields to be sure he was killed with a sword."

Raynolt glanced at the wall, his eyes distant. "A sword..." he mumbled to himself. "But only guards carry swords inside the Emporium."

"I came to the same conclusion," Lenard chimed in. "I already told Captain Aquanas to take a roll. He should be here any minute with the results."

"Very good, Lenard. Morgana!" Raynolt barked suddenly. "Help me into my robes."

"I don't think you are in any condition..." she trailed off, seeing the look in his eyes. She bowed her head respectfully and retrieved a robe for him from her closet.

"Lenard, help me stand," Raynolt commanded. Lenard held onto his elbow as Raynolt struggled to rise. He was smart enough not to try to help Raynolt up. That was one of the reasons Raynolt trusted him enough to join his conspiracy.

It took Raynolt several minutes to rise to his full height and several more minutes to get his legs steady under him. Morgana was just putting the robe on him when there was another knock on the door.

"Master Demps, its Captain Aquanas." Lenard strode to the door and let the Captain in. The Captain looked nervous. His heavily-lined face was pale and sweaty.

"What news do you have?" Raynolt asked.

Captain Aquanas took a breath before replying. "I conducted the roll as commanded. There is one guard missing; Sophina Crews." He glanced nervously at Raynolt and looked away.

Raynolt studied the man as he tapped his fingers to his lips. The old veteran was almost squirming under his gaze. 

I am power, Captain. Can you sense it? "What should I do with you Captain? You have just let one of your guards murder a Magi of the Emporium."

The sweat was almost dripping off the Captain's face. He wiped it off with his coat sleeve before responding. "Master Teryus...I...I apologize. Sophina Crews was a nuisance and I should have taken care of her a long time ago."

"Much good that does Darrius Northwood, Captain," he whispered into the dead quiet. The Captain's face went whiter. Raynolt sensed Morgana and Lenard shifting next to him. 

They can sense it, too.

Raynolt opened himself to the magic. He closed his eyes as the sweet flood of life flowed into him...and swept him away. His body convulsed and fell to the ground. His mind was detached, lost in the river of magic. Distantly, he could hear voices.
