 "What are we doing here, Todd?" Megan followed her coworker into a dark room. She was petite, short and thin. She wore a thick pair of glasses on the bridge of her nose, which appeared as big as her. Her round eyes looked over the lenses. Her midnight hair twisted on top of her head in a messy bun.

"Because I need more eyes on this," Todd said. He was a tall, lanky fellow, with droopy eyes from long nights at the workplace. He flipped the light switch.

The study was decorated with anatomical pictures and models: Human skeleton. Bone and tissue clones of a dead frog set at the corner of the brooding desk; next to a heart model. Three walls were comprised of bookshelves, filled to the max. The left wall was glass.

Todd hurried in, waved for her.

Megan rolled her eyes, entered. "This has 'You're fired' all over it. What if Mr. Chevy catches us? He strikes me as—"

Todd closed the door. "A dick?"

"Well, I was gonna say harsh, but yeah."

"Don't worry about, Mr. Chevy. He's been, um, distracted for the last year." Todd scurried across the floor to the glass wall. "Rumors are it's a new project he's working on. But, if you want to know my opinion, it's depression. He can't get over his daughter."

"I know," Megan said. "I heard about that awful wreck. She died alongside a carpool of people, right?"

Todd nodded. "I don't think I've ever heard him say a word. He just bustles down the halls, head down. It's sad."

"It is." Megan paused. "But, a year?"

Todd nodded, shrugged. He found a panel at the side of the glass wall. He pushed the button.

Lights abound from the neighboring room, highlighting two nude figures of Indian descent. They sat still, side by side, with perfect posture. Their eyes were open but gazes distant. The room looked clean, like a futuristic dentist's office: white walls, sparkling tile floor, and bright overhead lights.

"Our male robot—host—is Sai," Todd said.

Sai had a thick coat of dark hair on his chest, salt and peppered beard. His cock dangled off the front of his egg-shaped chair.

Todd motioned to the female model. She had long dark hair, apple-shaped body, and large relaxed breasts with dark-brown nipples. "And, she is—"

"Verda," Megan said. "I know. You're not the only one working your twat off. I've had a few repairs with her."

Todd smiled. "I like your drive."

Megan flirtatiously winked at him. She looked back to the hosts. "So, what are we doing here?"

"We are here to watch them have sex."

Megan furrowed her brow. "I'm good."

"You work at an amusement park called SexWorld, where robots fuck customers." Todd looked almost bewildered. "Why did I think you'd have a problem with sex?"

"I work here because the pay is good."

"Is that it?" Todd asked. "You're not the slightest bit interested on creating a new being? Money makes you rich. Creating a new life makes you a god."

"You're talking about making them cognitive?"

Todd nodded. "I want them to know love, perceive pain. I want them to make their own decisions, live."

"I don't know if that's such a good idea," Megan said. "They're made to be submissive to the customers. What if—"

"Listen, we're getting ahead of ourselves. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it," Todd said. "Let's just see if what I did works first."

"Okay. So, what did you do?"

"I stayed up here late last night, fixing these two with, what I hope, they're missing. I added a new agent, a neurotransmitter that activates the reward center of the brain."

"Dopamine?" Megan asked.

"In a way, yeah."

"From what I understand," Megan said, "they've tried that before. It doesn't do anything."

"Because they didn't give them a trigger."

"Trigger?"

"You know those old movies where the doctor takes the baby and spanks it. The baby wakes up, cries. The spank was the trigger, a jolt that wakes up the sleeping agent. And—Ah-Ha!—I found that trigger."

"So, we're gonna spank these two?" Megan motioned toward the hosts.

"No. We're not going to do anything but watch," Todd said.

"Until..."

"They have an orgasm."

"The orgasm is the trigger?"

"It'll send electrical impulses, waves through their bodies. And as it sweeps over them, they should awake, baptized in pleasure. They will be cognitive, sentient. They'll essentially be human."

"Wouldn't mind a few of those electrical impulses myself," Megan said.

"Find better sex partners."

Megan scoffed, folded her arms.

Todd smiled, lightly pinched her finger. "It'd be my honor if you ever, ya know—"

Megan smirked but pulled her hand away. She gestured to the hosts. "Let's get started, shall we?"

Todd winked. He turned to the hosts, talked into a collar device on his lab coat. His quiet voice sounded from speakers in the neighboring room. "Online."

Sai and Verda blinked, twitched. They woke suddenly, looked around the empty room before spotting one another. As if rehearsed, Sai stood while Verda knelt. Her knees and the top of her fleet were flat against the tile floor. While Sai's cock slowly erected, Verda took him in her mouth. She bobbed up and down, worked his base with her hand.

Megan's face became flushed from the sex act. Calm down, she thought. She never was one to watch porn. Never really gave too much thought to sex. But, here she was feeling strangely aroused by two robots. Could it be the months of working in repair, away from the sex, that's making my body so responsive? Or, is Todd just numb to it from configuring different sex techniques for the hosts? He's so immersed in it everyday. She didn't quiet know. "So, how are we gonna tell if they're having a real orgasm or a programmed reaction?"

"Well, that's why I need a pair of extra eyes," Todd said. "Any kind of facial twitching, unscripted moans, just anything that looks too real, I guess. They all basically act the same during sex for the customers, so anything that jumps out as different, tell me."

Megan's heart beat rapidly. Her lips became slightly parted, sighed in hopes of composing herself. Her eyes drifted to Sai's long, stiff cock.

Todd seemed to notice Megan's slight anxiety. The side of his mouth rose upward. "Seeing anything?"

The question snapped Megan out of her daze. She blinked, coughed, and erected her posture. "No, um, I'm not. I'm not seeing anything."

"Just keep a close eye."

Megan nodded, readjusted her arms across her breasts. She stuck her chin in the air, taking on the appearance of an interested observer instead of a drooling deviant at an adult-film theatre.

Verda lay to her back, feet flat to the floor and knees bent, opened. Sai eased between her thighs and went right to work. Verda remained still, eyes gazing up at him.

Megan started to fan her cheeks. She caught her reaction and played it off by tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Her eyes fluttered, catching quick images of the action like flipping through a photo album: Verda's back bowed off the floor. Sai's muscles flexed with each powerful thrust. Verda winced. Sai went faster. Verda writhed. Sai quaked.

"See!" Todd said. "Did you see that? I think we have something here."

Once again, Todd's voice awoke Megan. She nodded, not having any idea what he was talking about. She bit her lip, crossed her legs as though that'd somehow stop her arousal.

Todd turned to her excitedly, but upon noticing Megan's obvious leer, he stopped himself. The hosts—experiment—didn't seem to draw his attention anymore. It was all placed on the heated coworker at his side. He grazed a finger down her arm before holding her clammy hand.

Megan softened to his touch. She turned to him, locked eyes with him. She cast her inhibitions aside. She had always thought Todd a strangely attractive man but something about this moment really reeled her in. She wanted him desperately.

Todd removed Megan's thick glasses. He undid her messy bun; her jet-black hair fell just above her shoulders. He cradled her small, pointy chin.

Megan stared dead into his eyes, gulped. She looked frozen, a doe in the headlights of office sex. His kiss, however, galvanized her spirit. She closed her eyes, squeezed his forearms. As his lips trailed down her neck, Megan's eyes wandered to the ceiling. Her thoughts scattered. She couldn't fathom how, why, or when she became so vulnerable, why her knees felt so weak.

Todd unlatched the button on her dress slacks.

Megan took in a sharp, quivering breath as her slacks crumpled to her ankles. He palmed her small backside, and she thrust her hips forward in excitement.

Todd stepped away, unbuttoned his long lab coat.

Megan did the same. They removed their clothes, article by article. Their eyes never strayed from one another. Both zeroed-in on the other as if the world didn't exist around them. After pulling off her shirt, Megan unfastened her bra, pulled down her panties. She had humble side-set breasts, Braille pink nipples. Her center maintained a small bush, just above her blooming tulip.

Todd removed the last bit of clothing, his pants. His cock jutted out in the shape of banana, slightly curved upward. Blood pumped his size. It twitched, hardened, as he approached Megan.

Megan held sight of Todd's growing erection while taking off her socks. Their bodies met, her breasts smacking against his chest. They kissed. His cock poked her just below the navel. She stood on up on the balls of her feet, trying to itch her vulva with his tip. His hand slid down her chill-bumped thigh, rubbed her clit. She broke the kiss, gasped. Her nipples stiffened. She looked to the neighboring room.

Verda hugged her bouncing breasts in her arms. Sai continued his pressure. They both appeared lifelike, whimpering and groaning, unlike the robotic moans of other hosts. Verda's legs trembled. Sai's face flustered.

Megan planted soft kisses on Todd's shoulder. She reached down, under-handing his shaft. It felt thick, strong in her palm. She gently stroked the cock a few times. Todd's fingers continued working their magic on Megan. She was wet, swelling. Her body warmed. In response, she squeezed his cock in her fist and added energy to her stroke, jerking him upward.

Todd heaved her up. He caught her by hooking his elbows underneath her knees, holding her in the air.

Megan squealed. She flung her arms around his neck, stranded herself in his ocean-blue eyes. He held her just above his cock. The head grazed her outer lips. She shivered, wiggled her toes.

They were face to face. Todd stared at her with intensity, with a look that could almost be mistaken for love. He lowered her down. His cock eased inside of her, stretching her.

Megan's face flinched, but her gaze never left Todd. She gasped as he filled her up completely. The pressure was intense, stimulating all areas. She appeared shocked, kissed him in pure euphoria.

Todd took his time, slowly and patiently, allowing her to warm to his size. His upturned cock rubbed the upper wall of her pussy, stroking her G-spot. His hips gradually picked up speed, bouncing her up and down. His thighs clapped against her flat ass with each drop.

"Mmm!" Megan gnawed her bottom lip. Her legs flailed wildly behind Todd. She locked her ankles, spread her toes. There was a tingle, a tickling vibration that began to grow inside of her. Her jaw hung open, head tilted downward. Yet, her eyes remained on Todd.

Todd pounded away. He gripped her backside and pulled her down into each mighty thrust. His toned body flexed, tensed.

Megan tried to hold her gaze, but her face wrenched. Her eyelids squinched together. She looked to be in pain. But, she was far from any agony with all the endorphins dancing in her brain. She opened her eyes once again, narrowed her sight back on Todd. She huffed through clenched teeth. She felt like her entire being fizzled, sparkled—a sensation very foreign to her.

Todd slowed his pace, released her legs to the floor. He stepped away, caught his breath. His cock glistened with her juices. He stared at her with a strange expression, a look of sudden familiarity.

Megan's knees knocked, but she locked them. Her face mirrored his, struck with déjà vu.

They both just stood for a moment, admiring one another. Their sweaty bodies shimmered under the lights. All at once, they passionately embraced. They locked lips, caressed one another.

Megan took him by the hand and walked him to the brooding desk. She hunkered down on the edge. She kicked one foot up, spread her knees with a come-hither smirk.

Todd rushed between her thighs, taking her on the desktop. Papers flew in the air. Pens and pencils rolled off. And, the anatomical ornaments fell to their sides. His cock was swallowed by her warm, cozy center. He bucked, breathed heatedly on her shoulder.

Megan panted to the ceiling. She clutched the edge of the desk, crossed her ankles behind his back. His dominant thrusts shook her breasts. A tremor shot her head back. Her nipples rock hard.

Todd kept his constant swing, his testicles lightly tapping the desk.

"Ah! Oh..." Megan blinked rapidly, her eyes watered. "I-I-I Ah!"

Todd broke Megan's leg lock around him. He grabbed her ankle, palmed one foot in his hand while her other leg dangled. He hammered away.

Megan collapsed to her back across the surface. Her back arched, breasts poking to the roof. With his free hand, Todd massaged her clit, which sent Megan into fits. She felt ready to explode. She looked down with a bewildered expression, watching as Todd's cock dove in and out of her. "Oo! Oo! Oo! Oooooo!"

Todd quaked, bucked. His face collapsed against her breasts, his hips resting between her quivering thighs. He sucked her nipples, lightly kissed up her breasts.

Megan cradled his head. Everything slowed. She peered over his shoulder to the ceiling fan, eyes wide and breaths heavy. She rubbed her foot up and down Todd's calf. Her fingers combed through his blonde hair.

The couple lay still, quiet, respiring softly. They held each other close. Neither wanted to let go...

"Megan?" a voice asked.

"Verda!" Megan shot up. She looked across the room, through the glass wall.

Verda and Sai stood under the light, naked, covering themselves. They looked embarrassed by their nudity, far from the reaction of a SexWorld robot.

"What's going on here?" Sai asked.

The door opened with a click.

Before anyone could hide their nude bodies, Mr. Chevy walked into the room. He was a seasoned man, head full of gray and face pruned.

Megan heightened a brow, covered herself.

Mr. Chevy didn't seem to acknowledge anyone else in the room but Megan. His eyes teared, not out of fury or sadness but out of unfiltered joy. "Megan..."

"Mr. Chevy, what th—" Todd looked to Megan, then back to their boss. "You're not supposed to be here. You're supposed to be working on your new project."

"I'm here to see its completion." Mr. Chevy took a step forward. "It took time. It was a long year."

No one said a word. They all stayed quiet, listening, with puzzled expressions.

"You see, I didn't want to put you on display." Mr. Chevy motioned to Verda and Sai. "Although, it appears it worked."

Verda and Sai shared confused glances to one another.

Mr. Chevy turned his attention back to Megan and Todd. "I wanted you to fall for each other, choose to have sex. I wanted you to awake with one another. Not forced but out of fate. I wanted things the way—" His voice cracked. "I wanted things to carry on the way they were... before the car wreck."

Megan scrunched her brows.

"You're still in the early stages. Slowly thoughts will come back, memories I've implanted that were lying dormant before." Mr. Chevy searched over every face. "I've gathered information on all of you as well. I've thumbed through pictures, read through diaries. I wanted to make everyone here exactly how they once were.. or as close as I could."

Megan was stunned. She eyed the ground, gathering her thoughts. "I'm not a... host."

"Not anymore." Mr. Chevy stepped closer to Megan, but she flinched into Todd's arms. Mr. Chevy stopped. "This is the only way I could bring you back, my dear, you and your friends."

Megan's eyes widened. She looked to Verda—her best friend, Sai—Verda's husband, and to Todd—her fiance. She then slowly rotated to Mr. Chevy. "Dad?"