 I clicked my clicker and checked the display in the mirror, March 8, 2033. The characters floated in midair like snowflakes. I trotted into the bathroom where my roommate, Lauren, was taking a long, gurgling pee. She turned on the aerator and rose from the bowl, showing off her camel toe.

"Oh, good, I have to go really bad," I whined, lifting my skirt and peeling down my underalls before I had even reached the potty.

While Lauren cleaned her hands with dry-powder dermaclean, I whizzed, squeezed off a couple of smelly farts, and started to empty my bowels. 

My other roommate, Kayla, joined us in the bathroom. My two roomies are sisters and they kissed good morning, like they always do. 

"Lauren's the smart one," says Kayla.

"Kayla's the sexy one," says Lauren.

I wish I were as smart and sexy as either Kayla or Lauren. However, they were fun friends and loyal confidantes. That was what matters most to me. In this age of the omni cyber world, I felt safe with them. 

I tooted a series of farts and groaned at the sticky, gooey feeling on my bum hole. 

"Sorry it's so stinky," I sighed, smiled, and wrinkled my forehead. 

"What'd you eat anyways, Megan?"Kayla was topless, wearing only mesh panties, reflecting in the mirror above the commode, as she began to apply her endless array of cosmetics. 

"Plantain and cassava with lentils over rice," I said.

"I told you to stay away from African," she scolded while applying blue eyeliner with bold strokes.

"Caltexican is just as bad," I said as a stream of liquefied pooh exited my bottom.

I turned on the chemiflush and aerator, then used the cleanex sprayer on my rear while Kayla painted her lips with blue gloss and colored her hair with matching blue washadye.

"I think its more robin's egg blue than sky blue, don't you think?" Kayla asked her sister.

"I really can't see the diff," Lauren confessed, as I reassembled my skirt and underall panty. 

"Remember when we were kids," I recalled. "They still had water flush toilets and sewers." 

"Ew!" Kayla expressed her disgust.

Lauren added, "And we used to clean our bum-bums with wads of shit-smeared tissue paper." 

We sang, "Ewy, ewy, ewy!" in three-part harmony.

"I love how the aerator even gets rid of the smell," I admitted. I nudged Kayla slightly to reach the dermaclean cannister built into the wall next to the mirror where Kayla was primping. 

"Do you think I'm getting fat?" Kayla asked, pouting.

"Yeah, you're wicked fat," I said sarcastically, admiring her perfectly shaped breasts tipped with rose petal nipples. I outweighed my girlfriend by twenty pounds. 

Lauren chewed her multivac, polyvit, and estrosafe pills and I did the same, washing down our meds with green coffee. Kayla applied hers to her skin in the form of a gel because she gagged on pills.

"I wish we didn't have to take these drugs every day," Lauren complained.

"Sure," I snickered. "Do you wanna die before you're a hundred like our parents are gonna?"

Then Kayla chain-vapored two e-cigs, arousing her elder sister's scorn.

"Jesus Buddha!" Lauren pretended to cough and waved her arms through the cloud of vapor spray.

"It's just vapor mist," Kayla insisted. "No worse than your medihuana cigars!"

"I need to smoke mediweed to relieve my menstrual cramps," insisted Lauren. 

"Well, I vapor e-cigs for my medical needs," Kayla ventured. "You know, my depression."

"Since when are you depressed?" I asked. 

"Whenever I can't suck on a vapor stick," she chortled with glee.

The three of us went to work in our own bedrooms, holoconferencing, videomeeting, or teleblogging our colleagues. Not only did we work for three different firms, Kayla was a marketing engineer, Lauren was an intergovernmental attorney, and I was a psychosocial researcher. 

We would work at our home offices in the nude were it not for our hologram or videograph being displayed to several hundred of our coworkers all over the planet.

I was looking forward to the weekend until Lauren and Kayla announced they were meeting their parents at Polaris, the North Pole resort, club, and casino. 

Their mom and dad, Jake and Lilly, were uber cool. It was their fiftieth anniversary. So, their adoring daughters were taking the bullet train through what used to be Canada to Transarctica, the fastest growing state in the United States of the Americas. 

At home, alone and lonely, I thought back to the primitive days of instant messaging, cell phones, MP3 players, Google, Facebook, My Space, computer towers, land lines, cable TV, two-dimensional printers, paper-fed photocopiers, film cameras, compact disc players, car keys, and talking GPS units. 

Now we walk in and turn on our intelligent house or apartment with a click, point at a wall or mirror to display alphanumeric info, and holographic clouds form before our eyes instead of telephones ringing. 

On lonesome evenings in my twenties, during the "Roaring Twenty-Twenties," we would play around with cell phone sex, sexting, pixing, cyber sex, chat rooms, web cams, and female-friendly porn sites. All those technologies are obsolete and I've outgrown them, or grown immune to them at any rate.

I globocalled my friend Elmer Valoczec in Prague. His cloud formed after a few seconds. He was wearing a tube-top shirt, minishorts, and an Amsterdam Knights baseball cap.

"How are you, my love?" he fairly gushed.

"I'm good," I said in my Americanized English. "I thought you were a Milan Gladiators' fan?"

"I was very disappointed when they lost to the Tokyo Samurai in the Global Series last year."

"I still love my Gold Sox and Super Yanks," I told him, though he already knew my loyalties. 

There was a pause in the audio as he appeared to be looking at my holo, which was off to the right, but his holo was on my left. I swiveled around and tried to simulate where my image was hovering at his place.

"I missed you." We have never actually met in person, but we have had steamy mutual masturbation visits over the global spectrum. "Why haven't you globoed me?"

Elmer replied, "I've been taking a drone back and forth to Saint Petersburg working on the Russian Federation's admission to the Atlantic-European Union."

"Oh, yeah, that's uber hot news." I tried to sound knowing. "My roommate, Lauren, is working on the Israel-Palestine unification covenant."

"Ha!" he snickered. "That's what you Ameros call a piece of cake compared to dealing with Russians." Then Elmer abruptly switched channels. "Did you open the package I sent you over the transom?"

"Yeah," I answered slowly. "A little white plastic mitten...How romantic, Elmer!" 

"Do you know what it's used for?" he said, as his image was moving around in the cloud over my desk.

"I have no clue." I tried to sound distant, but he was in an engaging mood and I wanted to have some fun. I punched up the robo cart and keyed #3 for denatured beer, enough alcohol to get buzzed, high, or drunk, but neutralized against addiction or poisoning.

"It's for you to use with your special friend...someone like me." Elmer had a sexy gleam in his eye and I saw he had a drink of his own, a flute of white wine. "It's the latest in Sexware from Indiastan."

"Why haven't we heard of it yet over here in the Americas?" I wondered, opening my reusable beer cannister and chugging it.

"The war with China, no doubt," he replied. 

"Oh, yeah, I forgot about that." 

People forget there is a war going on, since all the fighting is between unmanned vehicles, robosoldiers, and satellite-based lasers and nukes aimed at targets in orbit around the earth and the moon. 

"Besides, we're in a war, but we're not actually at war."

"Let's play with the sexware," Elmer suggested. I watched his cloudy simulator dangle a little piece of plastic identical to mine.

"What do you do with it?" I punched my hand inside the sleeve and quipped, "Whack off in it?"

"Be careful with it, Meg," my remotely located pal admonished. "It's not a glove. It's a sleeve made of a polymer fiber and the skin has electronic microfibers in it."

"But it's stretchy." I pulled on the sleeve like a piece of taffy. I unrolled an inch of thread from the material. "Is it an old-school plugger-inner?"

"No, it has an antenna," answered Elmer. "I'll float you my freq." 

His hands fluttered inside his cloud and I grabbed the fourteen-digit numerical code at my end.

I teased him. "Are you gonna stick your wang in it now?" 

Elmer laughed good-naturedly. "Let's get undressed first, my love."

"Don't punk me, Mister Valoczec," I warned half-heartedly.

When I saw Elmer's holo opening his shirt and baring his chest, I realized he was serious. So I reconciled myself to trying out his new sex toy.

"Let me pull the shade first," I said, preferring to get naked in private. Our holos froze and I took off my shirt, skirt, bra, and boots, leaving on my underpanties. 

While in the dark mode, a line of letters appeared: NORMAN & JUDITH HAGER -> MEGAN HAGER. 

"Oh, shit!" Mom and Dad had a way of calling at the most inopportune times. "Sorry, folks, can't talk now. I'm gonna whore it up with a guy 5,000 miles away whom I've never met."

If I clicked to ignore or put their globocall in queue, they would know I was home and blew them off. I waited a minute, held my breath, and their incoming message disappeared. I smiled brightly and turned my attention to Elmer in Prague.

"You look beautiful tonight, Meg." 

I knew he was just stroking my ego, but I wiggled my hips, threw back my shoulders, and stuck my boobs out for him. I jiggled my girlies and winked at him. 

I examined the sexware toy in my hand and looked up to see Elmer sliding the sleeve over his fully erect penis. It wasn't a long job, but average in length and width. It would do fine—if we ever met flesh to flesh.

I felt the sleeve swelling in my hand. "Oh, my fucking god!" I watched as the polymer took on the shape of an arrowhead and veined shaft, and continued to grow and harden. 

I looked at Elmer's holo image with my mouth agape and saw him tuck his testicles into the sleeve. An instant later, two balls grew inside the fabric.

"Well?" he giggled. 

"How'd you do that?" I sounded a little upended because that was how I felt.

"There are thousands of intelligent microfibers conveying sensory data in the sleeve," he explained. "I'm no engineer. So I can't explain it any better than that." 

"It really looks like your junk is in there." I turned over the polymer sleeve in my hand and examined it. Then I squeezed it.

"Ow!" Elmer yelled. His holo jumped and the genitalia in my hand moved.

"This is mad crazy," I pronounced. My eyes darted back and forth from the cock and balls in the sleeve to the holographic image of the man to whom they belonged.

"Are you going to do something with what you are holding there?" he asked coyly in a lower-than-normal infra voce. 

I touched my mons, as dry as dust, still shielded by my undies. "I'm not ready down below if that's what you mean?" 

"Take your time, love," he said with a slanted smile. "We have all night."

"It's morning over your way, isn't it?" I chided as I felt his penis moving against my palm with an in-and-out tempo. 

I stroked his phallus with one hand and massaged his ball sack with the other. His holographic self threw back his head and laid in sensual submission. I raised the bulging, pulsating polymer sleeve to my lips and touched the tip with the blade of my tongue. 

As I started to lick it like a cock, I felt the tingle of microcircuits firing and began to sense the taste of actual flesh. 

I stopped abruptly and uttered, "I can smell you and taste you, Elmer. How the fucking hell can it do that?"

"I suspect it's simulating flavor, odor, and texture." 

He sighed, obviously preferring that I get busy sucking his dick rather than a detailed technical discussion. 

"I hope it's to your liking."

That brought me to a full throated laugh. "Oh, I like it all right." 

I held the packed polymer against my chest. 

"Let me show you."

I rubbed the head of his virtual penis against my wet lips and slowly slid it into my mouth. I tried to hold it still while I bobbed my head, but found it easier to move the sleeve while sucking it between my tongue and the roof of my mouth. 

Elmer's holo danced and writhed and then I felt the first pulsating beats, followed by a stormy virtual orgasm. There was no goop to swallow, but my palate tasted mildly salty dew.

"That was..." I searched for the words. "That was unreal...un-fucking-real!"

Elmer didn't respond at first. Then he said, "I knew It would be good...with you, that is...but it was even better than I imagined." He was fiddling between his legs and my sleeve quickly deflated in my hands. "I should've used a prophylaid. My sleeve is full of slime now."

"Can you rinse it or something?" I was afraid Elmer would call it quits, whereas I was ready for more.

Elmer's holo nodded and he said, "Let's go dark for a minute and I'll be back."

While in the blank mode, I took off my underpanties and touched my cunt, very moist and tightened by this time. I sat spread-eagled to show off for my lover when he returned. Elmer reached for the image of my holographic vagina, pink lipped with a fat clitoris, topped by a little hairy moustache above my waxed cleft.

"You like?" I said, dabbing my vee with my empty electrobionic sleeve.

"Oh, yes, I like," He said with a sly grin, raising his polymer to his lips and licking it.

I felt the pulp of his virtual tongue against my labia and my membrane quivered as he sifted the fabric between his teeth. Next he pushed the tip of his tongue into his sleeve and my sleeve darted into my vagina in response. Then I felt my fleshy membranes being nibbled, sucked, and licked as Elmer's hologram chewed on his polymer fabric.

I had to make a conscious effort to hold the polymer sleeve on my pussy so that the device could simulate Elmer's affections properly. His mouth made mad love to his sleeve and in turn my sleeve gave wicked pleasure to my clitoris and vulva. 

In the midst of a series of multiple-O's, I sweated, screamed, squealed, and convulsed in ecstasy. For his part, the man in Prague shouted, "I can smell and taste your cunt, Megan." 

Then he ordered me to hold my clitty with my sleeve. I felt him bite the little thingy and I came like a geyser. 

He saw my virtual vagina spout holographically and he lamented, "I wish I could drink your juice."

"Yeah, me, too," I said breathlessly. 

Then I asked Elmer to hold his sleeve up to his mouth. I watched him comply and did the same. We kissed, long and warmly, open-mouthed through our sexware devices. 

I told him, "Now do as I say, okay?" His holo self nodded assent and I began. "Hold your sleeve on your throat." He did and I kissed mine. "Put it on the base of your neck." He did and I kissed mine. "Now your shoulder, the right one." He did and I kissed mine. "And the left one." He did and I kissed mine. "Your chest." He did and I kissed mine. "Now put it on your nipple." He did and I sucked mine. "The other nipple." He did and I bit mine.

"Do you know what I want you to do?" I heard what he said, but could tell what he meant by his holo's virtual body language.

"Let's simu-fuck!" I laughed at my own combo words. 

Before I could get ready, I felt Elmer's stiffening cock fill my sleeve. I teased him by twirling the polymer sex toy around my honeysuckle like a swizzle stick. Then I brought it to my mouth and tasted my juice, which induced a little pulsing from my man in Prague. 

"Don't get so anxious," I scolded in a motherly voice. "Let's take it nice and slow."

I raised my pelvis from the seat of the chair in which I was sitting, pointed my flower toward the ceiling, and draped my legs over the armrests. I poked his staff into the arc of my Eros and stirred. My cauldron boiled and bubbled, and I heard Elmer babble terms of endearment for me in Czech. 

Then I plunged the throbbing sheath six inches deep into my vortex and squeezed the imaginary phallus so tightly my vag muscles ached. After his cock-shaped mitten zig-zagged my cunt for five minutes, I switched it to my ass and let him dance in my anus for a minute or so till I was ready for him to shoot the works.

"Rock my world, you sweet man!" I know my holo face showed him a maniacal leer as I drilled my sweet spot, using the stuffed sheath like a dildo, crushing my g-spot. My orgasm exploded right before Elmer ejaculated in undulating waves of thunder. I think he declared never-ending love for me in his foreign lingua.

He said, "You're amazing."

I said, "You've got mad skills yourself, lover." 

Then I kissed my empty polymer sexware sleeve, though it stank from my wet sex caverns.

"We have to get these in the Americas." I said, introducing e-commerce into our virtual afterglow.

"Here," said Elmer's holo, his fingers fluttering ferry dust. The encryption code for the Eurasian vendor appeared on my mirror.

I thanked Elmer Valoczech for both the info and the sex and he said, "I'll be calling again, Meg, my love."

"You'd better." I ended with a laugh and his hologram disappeared.

An hour later, after a long, sensual shower, I transomed an order to a sales office in Frankfurt and confirmed delivery from a factory in Rangoon and a warehouse in the AEU state of The Gambia. My order arrived via wormhole at my door three hours later. I can't figure out why it took so long.

By the time Lauren and Kayla got back from the North Pole the next morning, their presents were wrapped and waiting for them. They looked at the white polymer sleeves in bewilderment.

"I got you both one and a second one for a friend," I began to explain.

Lauren said, "It looks like a mitten."

Kayla said, "What is it, a dick warmer?"

I laughed and kissed my two best friends. Taking them each by the hand, I said, "Let me show you how this sexware works." 

That's all for now, future readers.