 Thanks to everyone who commented and emailed me on the first chapter. It gave me the motivation to continue the story. This story for you guys!

***

Daminus hurried down the street, casting quick glances to the shadows of the alleyways. Don't be stupid, you wouldn't be able to spot him anyways. Besides, the Magi Victus only have one victim tonight.

The thought should have comforted him but it did not. His nerves had been on knife point since the early morning announcement. Now he was strolling down a darkened street towards a home he knew was about to be visited by Jon Laurent.

The thought of the name made him pick up his pace. His dark blue robes swished around his ankles as he looked at both sides of the street for Ashford Caulston's house. Now where is that blasted house...

The Magi quarter of the city looked especially foreboding at night. Tall architectural structures of wonder and magic loomed out at him at every corner. Here in the capital city of Astuari, the citizens of particular guilds tended to live in certain areas. There was no law that prevented any particular person from living anywhere they wanted but the city had been divided among different guilds so long ago that nobody stopped to even think about it. This area of Astuari was where Magi made their home and that was that. Sure, a merchant might live here or there but they most likely sold items that catered to Magi only.

Under normal circumstances, Daminus loved to walk leisurely through the Magi quarter and admire the stark beauty of the homes and landscape. Magi commissioned engineers to build their houses but each individual Magi put their own particular stamp on their house; each and every house was different and had its own identity.

But tonight Daminus paid no attention to his surroundings. He walked with a purpose. His gaze would wonder in all directions but he was not admiring the houses. He was watching for Jon Laurent.

He let out a sigh of relief when he spotted the home of Ashford Caulston. It was on the corner of two intersecting streets. Blue mage fire lit the lamps surrounding the house. It was a good sign; mage fire was only lit when the Magi who cast it was home. He walked quickly up the path that led to the front door. Towering columns of impressive architecture lined the path and cast deep shadows into the corners. Abandoning all dignity, he grabbed the hem of his robe and began to run to the front door.

He pounded on the door as soon as he reached it. "Ashford! It's Daminus! Open up!" He waited for a few seconds more before he heard locks clicking from the other side of the door. The door swung open, revealing a tall figure in deep red robes. Ashford Caulston peered at Daminus in surprise before it transformed into a weary frown.

"Daminus...you shouldn't have come," he whispered. Despite the warning, he stepped back and let Daminus walk through. Daminus almost collapsed in relief when the door shut behind him. I am safe for the moment. But that won't last for long.

He turned and examined the Magi who was under his command. The tall Magi stood with his shoulders slightly hunched. His long black hair was not in its usual ponytail. Instead, it hung lank around his face and shoulders. Despite his deeply tanned skin, his face was pale; heavy bags hung under his eyes and a few weeks-old growth of beard covered his face. His diplomatic mission to the barbaric desert tribes of Raves had worn him out, physically and mentally. 

Now he has come home to find out all his friends are dead and he is next on the list.

"You know why I am here," Daminus said. It was not a question.

Ashford nodded his head. "Yes. I received word yesterday of the murders. I knew I was next."

Anger flooded Daminus' veins. He clenched his hands to stem the flow. "You knew and you said nothing?"

Ashford did not flinch at his tone. The Ashford that Daminus knew would flare up at any criticism and would fight you tooth and nail. This Ashford standing before him looked tired instead. "Yes," he said simply.

"Damn you Ashford, I want some answers! What the hell is going on? Why were your friends murdered? Does this have to do with the King? Why didn't you leave when you found out about the murders? Tell me!"

Ashford's eyebrows rose up in surprise after each question. "How did you...I mean who told you? About the King?"

"Nobody told me anything!" Daminus roared. The fear and anxiety that he felt this whole day was pouring out of him. "A member of my own Tier has been keeping secrets from me so I was forced to put together a very fragile puzzle. And I still don't have all the pieces. That ends now," he finished, giving Ashford his best glare.

Ashford walked to the window and pulled back the curtain. "We don't have long," he said quietly, not turning from the window. His breath fogged up the glass. "Jon Laurent is on his way. I just received the note when you arrived." He turned back toward Daminus and gestured at a nearby table. A note of paper lay upon it.

Daminus walked over and picked it up. It contained only two words: Jon Laurent.

"I found it pinned to my door with a black dagger," Ashford said from behind him. "It wasn't a Shadow Dagger, of course, but its meaning was clear. It was unnecessary, too. The people who hired him knew that as soon as I heard about the murders I should expect Jon Laurent at my back."

Daminus slammed the note down on the table and turned around to face Ashford. "I want those answers."

Ashford nodded. "Follow me. I think we are going to need some wine." He led Daminus out of the entrance area and down a hallway. Daminus thought the absence of anyone else in the house was odd.

"You have no guards?" he asked him.

Ashford responded as he led him into the kitchen. "I was expecting to be with the Raves for a few more years. I let my staff go when I left." He walked to the pantry in the huge stone kitchen and pulled out a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses. Daminus settled down at a long stone table. Pots and pans hung above his head. The stone fireplace, which was the length of the entire room, was dark and dusty. This kitchen was meant for a full staff to be working.

Ashford joined him at the table and handed him a glass of wine. He raised his glass. "Here is to the last glass of wine I will ever get to enjoy." He sipped from the glass, swished the wine around in his mouth, and swallowed slowly. He closed his eyes in pleasure. Daminus looked at him sadly and drank his whole glass at once. 

We are both about to die and here we are enjoying a glass of wine. Death is a funny thing...

***

Sophina Crews adjusted her helmet and stretched out her back. Guard duty in this part of the Emporium was the most boring duty that could be assigned. 

Why did I to drink so much last night? I should haven't let that bastard Warren bait me into a drinking contest. 

Sophina cursed under her breath for her stupidity. She had been late getting up that morning and, consequently, had been assigned this thoroughly uninteresting hallway of the Emporium. The hallway led to some unused store rooms that supposedly contained some items of value.

The only other interesting thing of note was the fact that the hallway intersected with the hallway that led to the Grand Master's office. It was this simple fact that allowed Sophina to spot Evelyn Ventus hurrying down the intersection of the hallways. It was very unusual for any Magi to be walking down this area so late at night, let alone someone who looked visibly shaken. But Evelyn Ventus wasn't just some random Magi in Sophina Crew's book. Sophina was hopelessly in love with her.

All Magi were allowed to hire the Emporium guards for various reasons, most commonly for home defense. Evelyn and her husband Daminus would frequently hire her to guard their house when they were away. While she didn't know Evelyn very well, they had talked on several occasions and could be considered to be friends. If Magi even pay attention to people like me, Sophina would frequently think.

But Sophina knew of Evelyn Ventus long before she met her. She grew up with the stories of the brave Magi who strode the battlefield with no weapons to protect the man she loved. She was a living legend in Sophina's mind. Sometimes, when she was lucky enough to be on duty for the meetings in the Hall of Mages, she would stand guard by the door and stare longingly at Evelyn. She would drink in every detail of that legendary woman. She studied how her hair curled at the shoulders, how her lips moved when she spoke, how her eyes would shine with joy and love when she looked at her husband.

Sophina had never been so attracted to anyone in her whole life. Just looking at Evelyn would fill her with an intense heat. Hot juices would almost soak through her heavy wool pants in the area between her legs. She knew that the God had forbidden these kinds of feelings, but she couldn't help it.

So it was of great interest to her to see Evelyn Ventus looking so scared as she hurried down the hallway. Sophina walked down the hallway to the intersection and glanced down the darkened hallway. She saw the door of the Grand Master's office close shut. 

What business does she have with the Grand Master so late at night? And what has her looking so spooked?

Sophina itched to walk down there and find out. Maybe she could open the door and ask if they wanted anything to drink...no that was stupid. She was already in trouble for her tardiness this morning. She did not want to be written up and docked a day's pay for leaving her post. She walked slowly back to her boring hallway.

She stood there, feeling the ache in her back from wearing so much armor all day long, when she spotted Raynolt Teryus crossing the intersection. Raynolt looked very focused as he stared straight ahead. It was yet another late night visitor to the Grand Master's office. The itch to find out what was happening was almost overwhelming. No, its just Magi business. It's none of my concern. But I hope Evelyn is all right...

***

Raynolt Teryus, Master of the 10th Tier, stood in the ruin doorframe to the Grand Master's office. His hand was held out in front of him and silver light poured from his eyes. He smiled at Boltus and Evelyn and began speaking in the ancient language of magic. 

Silver light poured out of his mouth as he chanted, focusing the spell in his mind. His fingers moved faster than Evelyn could follow as he shaped the magic.

"Evelyn, stay behind me! Cast whatever protection spell you can!" Boltus roared. His eyes bleed silver light as well. He began chanting, his fingers moving as fast as Raynolt's. 

Evelyn stared in awe at the two Magi. She understood the words they chanted but could not grasp their meaning. They were casting very advanced spells. 

Evelyn quickly opened herself up to the flow of magical energy. She chanted a short spell, shaped it with her fingers, and watched as the protection spell settled over here. It was just a 5th Tier spell. Raynolt would laughingly penetrate it with a wave of his hand.

Boltus finished his incantation and threw his hands in the air. Silver runes of protection settled over Evelyn and him. Almost at the same moment, Raynolt finished his spell and flung his hand toward them both. A flash of light flared in his palm and shot out a lightning bolt. The bolt flew across the room in the blink of an eye and smashed into Boltus. The silver runes of protection flared along his body as the lightning bolt dissipated.

Evelyn quickly studied the runes covering Boltus. They were very intricate. It was hard for her to read them, as it was a 10th Tier spell, but she saw that the runes were cracking in places. Spaces had appeared in the runes that didn't belong there. Raynolt's bolt of lightning had severely comprised the integrity of Boltus' protection.

"Not bad old man, you are still very quick," Raynolt sneered. He walked calmly toward them. "But I see the damage just one of my lightning bolts has done. You can see it too, Boltus. So unless our dear Evelyn unleashes magic we have never seen from her before, I think we both know where this fight is going."

You talk too much you son of a bitch! Evelyn focused a fireball in her mind and chanted the short incantation. She weaved the spell with her fingers and flung out her hand. A fireball materialized from the rune on her palm that her fingers shaped and flew toward Raynolt. From start to finish it had only taken her 3 seconds. It was only a 4th Tier fireball, as lower Tier spells were faster to cast, but it was still powerful enough to kill an unprepared Magi.

But 3 seconds was an eternity to a 10th Tier Magi like Raynolt. He snorted contemptuously as Evelyn moved into action. He called up a 5th Tier protection spell faster than most Magi could think, and the fireball fizzled as it struck his shield.

God help us! Evelyn thought hopelessly.

***

Ashford set down his glass of wine and stared into its depths. "This whole thing started with Reynar...that bastard." He smiled, taking the sting from the words.

"Keep it brief, my friend. I fear Jon Laurent will be here in moments." Daminus didn't like this feelig of impending doom. He almost wished Jon Laurent would hurry up. Almost.

Ashford closed his eyes and nodded. "It was rare, to have so many Magi born only months apart. And what made it even rarer was the fact that the heir to the kingdom of Astuari was born at the same time. He was given to the Emporium to be raised and trained, as is custom. All 5 of us were raised there, in fact. So they decided to teach us as a group."

Here he paused and took another sip of wine. "I'm sorry, you said to be brief. We all loved Reynar; it was impossible not to. We knew, even as kids, that he was destined for greatness. His skill in magic was unmatched. When he finished his training and became the Crown Prince, we knew we would do anything to protect him. He was going to be a King unlike any other. And we knew a King that would change history would need constant protection."

Daminus felt his anger slip away as he was drawn into Ashford' tale. He had never met the King personally. He had seen him from afar once...maybe, he couldn't be sure.

Ashford continued. "It was Christiana who found the perfect way we could protect him. She loved to experiment...I can still remember the look on her face when she perfected the spell." He stopped and coughed into his hand. His eyes glistened in the corners. "It was forbidden, though. To protect the King, the man we loved with all our hearts, we would have to break Emporium law."

He looked at Daminus, almost apologetically. Daminus waved his hand. "We will worry about the legalities if we survive the night. Please hurry."

"Do you know how Magi are able to permanently enchant an item?" he asked Daminus.

Daminus frowned. "Yes...when our blacksmiths reach the end of their lives, they are given permission to bind their essence to the object that they consider to be the masterpiece of their profession. It's usually a sword or a piece of armor, something inanimate. And it prevents the soul from moving on, which is why it is entirely illegal to attempt without permission. What does this have to do with the King?"

Ashford had a sly look on his face. "Christiana discovered a way to permanently enchant an item with your living essence. That is, it's not your death that enchants it; it is your life. As long as you live, the item will stay enchanted."

Daminus was stunned. "How...what..."

Ashford smiled. "In our case, it was not an item we wished to enchant. It was a living person."

***

The contemptuous look Raynolt bore from Evelyn's failed fireball dropped from his face as a lightning bolt blasted through his shield and ripped through his shoulder. The force of the blow flung him across the room.

Evelyn stared at Boltus in shock. The Grand Master had called up a 6th Tier lightning bolt faster than Raynolt probably thought possible. Raynolt had barely called up the 5th Tier protection spell to counter Evelyn's fireball before the Grand Master quickly took the opening Evelyn thought she saw originally. 

"Grand Master, that was-" Evelyn began but was cut off as a scream echoed off the walls.

"YOU BASTARD! YOU DARE STRIKE ME?" Raynolt was standing far across the room, his left shoulder hanging limp by his side. Smoke rose from a hole that went straight through his shoulder. But his eyes bled silver. Gigantic runes flared in front of him as he somehow shaped the spell with one hand. "NOW DIE YOU USELESS OLD FOOL!"

He clenched his hands and the runes transformed into a wall of fire that roared toward them. The flames covered the room from wall to wall. Oh good God, protect us! 

Evelyn threw her arms across her eyes as intense flames swept over them. She peered through her arms and saw Boltus standing in front of her. His fingers were moving and he chanted continuously. The runes around both of them flared and darkened repeatedly. The wall of fire continued to pour over them, wave after wave threatening to sweep them away.

After what seemed like hours, the waves of flame stopped. Smoke stung Evelyn's eyes and poured down her throat. She dropped to her knees and puked. 

The smoke around them suddenly cleared as Boltus waved his hand. The office was a blackened ruin. The furniture had turned to ash. The stone walls looked like melted wax. And Raynolt Teryus stood in front of them, smiling.

"It was an impressive spell, Raynolt," Boltus coughed. His face was blackened and his robe bore many burns and holes. He slumped while standing, but power still emanated from him in waves. "But I believe you stretched yourself too thin with that spell. Now it is time for you to know what-"

Raynolt interrupted him, laughing. He winced in pain and grabbed his shoulder. "You really are a blind old fool, aren't you? Do you think I could get away with your murder? No, my job was to weaken the protection spell around you. As much as I would like to take your life, that's not my job."

Evelyn felt a rising horror clench her heart. What is he talking about?

Raynolt glanced over Boltus' shoulder and nodded. Boltus' eyes widened in shock as the runes covering his body flared brilliantly and then darkened. 

Evelyn stared in disbelief at the dagger stuck in his back. She watched, time slowing down, as his eyes drooped and then closed. He slumped to his knees and fell to his chest.

Standing over the body was a man dressed all in black. A hood pulled over his head shadowed his features. He bent down over the body and pulled free his dagger. A Shadow Dagger.

Magi Victus! Evelyn could only watch in horror as the man turned toward her.

"No, not yet, Sanje," Raynolt said. He walked over to the body of the Grand Master, still holding his injured shoulder, and flipped him over with his foot. He stared down at his face in silent contemplation. Then he spat on the face of his former Master.

The insult was enough to banish Evelyn's fears; anger replaced it. "How dare you! You are going to pay for this!"

Raynolt and the Magi Victus, Sanje, shared a smile. "She has fire, doesn't she Sanje?"

The shadowed hood turned toward her. She felt ice-cold fear slide down her back. "I would love to extinguish that fire," the Magi Victus rasped. He held up his dagger.

"I said no, Sanje. I need to question her. I saw her husband, Daminus, leave this office yesterday. I believe the dearly departed Grand Master may have started an investigation into the assassinations. I need to find out how much she knows."

"Have it your way," Sanje replied, slipping that dreadful Shadow Dagger back into its sheath. He turned back toward the Magi. "You barely managed to do a good enough job on his shield. My dagger barely found the opening in his protection spell."
