 The virtual meeting got underway slowly. There were twenty of us in the brick-and-mortar office in New Boston, comfortably seated in our body chairs, exchanging pleasantries with a hundred associates joining us by holography.

Our CEO, Theodora, was holding court, seated in her hovering chair like a throne, as usual. Her small face was framed by a billowing cascade of hair, sporting a pair of oval-shaped tinted glasses. Her eyes were sensitive to holographic flickering. To her left was Agatha, our Executive Vice President. She was a classic blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty, pleasing to most people's eyes. I, however, look at her round eyes, high cheekbones, oversized white teeth, and porcelain pale complexion and all I see is a skeleton.

The problem is that Theodora encourages all of her key people to have sex with each other, male and female, married or single. Agatha and I have never hooked up. Theodora actually took me to task for this failure while I was going down on her. There I was, giving her sweaty, unshaved pussy a nice licking and she was trying to egg me on after a woman I didn't even like.

Theodora finally took charge of the meeting, announcing: "Listen, up, people. As you all know, Global Inc. has acquired the exclusive distribution rights for the Sexware product line in the United States of the Americas..." Someone yelled, "All right!" and there was real and virtual applause. "Thanks to our Legal Counsel and Marketing Specialist, Megan Norman."

I stood and bowed from the waist and touched the holographically extended hands waving at the center of the room.

Agatha took over. "We're here today for a demonstration of the product," she said, as she pointed to the mirror on the back wall. "We have two product demonstrators; one is in Anchorage and the other is in Tierra del Fuego." 

A bald young woman with dark chocolate flesh tone smiled indirectly at a muscular young man with silken black hair. Both product demonstrators were naked. 

"Isn't it just an enhanced electronic dildo?" someone asked assertively.

Eager to snap off the junior executive's head with a single bite, Theodora's retort came swiftly. "If you read the text I floated yesterday, you'd know this is next generation technology, not an enhancement."

The global videoteleconference attendees watched in rapt attention as the woman held up a small beige mitten and began by saying, "The Sexware sleeve contains millions of tiny microfibers that generate tactile and sensory responses in the users."

The man, smiling plastically, "The sleeve responds to the user's movements..." He paused, then slid the piece of cloth over his partially erect penis. "At the other end, the sleeve assumes the shape and form of your body part."

"Small prick," I whispered to Burleigh, one of the sales coordinators. He didn't reply. He was waiting expectantly for the woman to respond.

Illuminated on the mirror was the woman holding her Sexware sleeve, raising it to her cherry red lips, and sliding it into her mouth. There was an awkward tittering among the crowd, which stilled as she simulated fellatio for a full minute before demonstratively spreading her legs, showing bright pink membrane, and pulling the cock-filled sheath into her glistening cunt.

I could smell almost everyone sweating and some of the men ejaculating, including Burleigh. I would have reached into his pants and given him a little finger stimulation were it not for the fact that I had to give my pitch next.

After everyone awed in disappointment when the beautiful models vanished, I spoke. "We need a committed group of people to beta test the Sexware device before we market it to a billion customers in the United States of the Americas. We need a small sample of at least thirty and ..." Before I had a chance to give them my spiel, a hundred voices shouted their desire to give it a try.

"Well, very good, then," I said and Agatha winked at me.

I took an unopened Sexware package for myself, distributed a bunch of others to my co-workers in the brick-and-mortar room, and punched up the orders to robomail another hundred to our agents around the world.

Later, at my apartment in the clouds, after dinner with my two roommates, I watched an old-school movie from the Roaring Twenty-Twenties. Then someone called. I looked at the floating letters on my wall: AGATHA DE LA HOZ -> MEGAN NORMAN.

"Really?" I said to myself out loud. "What could she want?"

I turned on my holograph and saw Agatha, smiling, sitting with a bearded, older gentleman. They wore matching blue robes. 

"Hi there, Megan," chirped Agatha. "This is my husband Charles." He waved his hand and nodded his head. "We were wondering..." Then Agatha held up her Sexware sleeve.

I laughed, "I'm listening. What do you guys have in mind?"

"Let's give this new Sexware a go," she said in her high-pitched voice.

I hesitated. "Do you mean you and me, or me and Charles, or what?"

"Let's see how it goes," Agatha cheerfully, giving me that little wink of hers, and slid her robe of her shoulders. She had pointed, perky breasts, smooth skin, and, not surprisingly, ribs showing. 

"Well, let me get undressed," I said, a tad uncomfortable. I barely knew this co-worker and here she was suggested a threesome with her husband—virtually, anyway. "I'm going dark for a second."

Charles shook his head and implored. "Oh, no, please, let us watch you get naked. It'll help stimulate 

us." Then he stood and let his robe drop. The hologram inches from my face showed a nicely hung sinewy penis.

I laughed and pretended to grab it in virtual space. "Oh, since you asked me so nicely."

Agatha and Charles watched in silence as I took my clothes off the way I often do on a date: shoes, pants, and underalls first, followed by sweater, shirt, and bra. I save my best feature to show last: my plump, round girls and their puffy pink nipples.

Agatha leaned toward her husband's ear. "I told she had nice ones."

When I was as nude as my guests, I unwrapped my new Sexware sleeve. Charles slid his fingers into his sleeve and asked me to touch my breasts. I felt him pinch the tip of my nipple and rub my areola as if he were in the room. My nips hardened like pebbles and I saw Agatha's hologram massage her husband's neck when he stuck his tongue in the sheath. I held it to one boobie, then the other, and it felt wet.

"Wow!" I murmured low.

A comedy of errors soon began. Agatha tongued the sleeve when I thought I was stroking Charles's dick. Charles stuck his dick in the pouch when I was trying to lick Agatha's pussy. She pressed the magic mitten to her cunt exactly when I was doing likewise to mine. Nothing worked unless we clinically informed each other very step of the way.

Thus, I instructed Charles: "Put your penis in the sleeve and I'll push the sleeve into my vajayjay...Now, Agatha, if I stick my tongue in my sleeve, bring it down to your vee...Okay, now we've got it."

Before her husband had a chance to ejaculate into the Sexware sleeve, Agatha jostled him. "Wait, don't muck it up with your jizz, honey."

"It's washable," I said, motivated in part by anticipating the simufuck. 

"I grabbed two of them," Agatha confessed, unconsciously rubbing her nipples while she gazed at my eyes through the holography. "Will that work?"

"I don't know," I said. "I have another one, an older model from the original Indo-Eurasian product developer.

My holo disappeared for a few seconds, then reappeared. I showed them the darker brown piece of polymer. I read the frequency from the tag and Agatha pulled the digits like snowflakes from the air. I wiggled my middle finger in my second device and felt Agatha respond in kind. Next thing I know, she is slipping between her labia. Her pretty skeleton face smiled. I was surprised at how tight her cunt was, being married to a guy with a nice piece of meat. Speaking of which, I began to lick the other phallic shaped device, imagining the impossibility in real life of the husband and wife holos both presenting to me at the same time. I concentrated on sucking Charlie's big dick while my finger danced in his wife pussy willow.

"It feels like she's really blowing me," he said hoarsely.

I paused mouthing his member to say, "I am really blowing you."

I noticed that he was lathered in sweat, but that wasn't translating through the mitten. What did transmit, however, was the incomparably impossible combination of cunnilingus from Agatha and coitus from Charles, diddling my love socket at the same time. I shivered in a body-wracking orgasm for a full minute.

"Jesus Buddha!" I swore and my married coupling partners swoon in ecstasy.

"That was amazing, Meg." Then Agatha pulled her cloth over her mouth, obviously smeared with her vaginal juice, and kissed me through it. I put my darker toy to my lips and received her kiss, though it was a little bit funky smelling. Then I opened my mouth for Charlie to smooch me with the lighter toy. 

We bid each other goodnight like old friends. I slept like the living dead through the night. My roomie Lauren came stumbling in around three—"working" late. Oftentimes, she or Kayla, my other cohabitant, will climb into bed with me when they come home drunk or high and fool around. Tonight I was just too worn out from playing with Mr. and Ms. De La Hoz.

The next day I took the early morning bullet train to New Boston to monitor the first days sales from the brick-and-mortar office. Theodora was whirling around, seemingly busy, but accomplishing nothing, while Agatha was closeted in front of a virtual tote board in a cloud. She barely acknowledged me, as if last night never happened—or wasn't really real.

At the end of the day, Theodora was ecstatic when Agatha announced the first day's sales of Sexware One had passed the ten million mark.

On my way to the tube before we would be transported to the bullet train, Agatha kissed me hard on the lips. Smack! 

"We really had a lovely time with you," she said. "But our little tryst was strictly business."

"Right, to try out our new moneymaker," I said, noting that she was pressed up against me with her arms around me, breathing sweet breath in my face.

Then we made out, right in front of the delighted eyes of Burleigh, also being shuttled in the queue. To my shock, Agatha squeezed her hand down the back of my pants, found her way between my crack, and rapidly rubbed up and down.

"I want to smell your ass," she whispered in that too-high-pitched voice of hers. She brought her fingers to her thin nose, sniffed, smiled, and proceeded to lick them one by one.

I was hot, wetly coming in my panties. "I wanna smell your ass, too."

"Good," she said, abruptly separating herself from me. "Charlie and me want to see you in the flesh. Say Saturday night, our place, around midnight?"

I nodded agreement. "You got it, sweetheart."

Agatha looked over at Burleigh, who had his cock out of his pants, whacking off.

"And bring him with you!"