 She could hear the drumbeat as she jogged through the forest, pulling the cloak closer around her body.

Her mother had warned her not to go there today, but she could not keep away.

It was calling out to her, the power being summoned right now, luring her over...

The whispers from her goddess had gotten louder and louder in the week leading up to the ritual, and she could not deny her goddess' wish. Her mother did not understand - this was not just some young attraction to exciting and new things, this was a command!

She could almost feel the heat from the fires before she could see the light from them, flickering throughout the lines of tree and painting the dark sky in orange. Even though it was June, there was still a bite of cold in the night air, and she was grateful for the bonfires.

She stopped at the edge of the glade, looking at the figures walking and dancing around the flames. Taking a deep breath, she steeled herself, before slowly placing one foot on the grass.

She almost went down to her knees by the ecstatic happiness that suddenly exploded inside of her, pushing her onwards, closer to the people. Letting her cloak fall by the edge of the forest, she obeyed the feeling, and sauntered into the clearing.

With every step she took, something else enchanted her, took her over. Her shoulders relaxed as her hips began to sway more and more, her head rising and a small smile twisting the corners of her mouth upwards.

The flowing, white and sheer dress barely hid her body from view, and all of a sudden, it felt completely right. She wanted to show herself off, wanted others to desire her, lust over her.

As she strolled closer to the fire in the middle, everybody turned to stare at her, flocking around her, following her. The drums began to beat in another rhythm, no longer leading people, but encouraging dancing. It translated itself inside of her body, making her blood pulse faster, her breathing speed up, her thoughts settle down, and her feet began to move on their own accord.

Or maybe it was the goddess, possessing her body, urging her instincts on and moving her?

She did not know, but she did not care, either. She felt free, unbound, released, and she liked it.

Taking hold of the hand of another woman - beautiful, with hair as black as the night sky and eyes as blue as the ocean - she began to spin around, circling the fire. Laughing, she held out another hand for the rest of them to join in on the dancing, and there was no hesitation.

After all, that was what all of them were there for. Celebrating the summer, Mother Earth, and the lives they have been granted by the gods.

She suddenly stopped, as she felt something getting closer. A strong aura, demanding, ferocious and voracious, and it was heading straight for her.

Soon, he came around the fire, and she could see him. And Him.

A young man, maybe in his early twenties, with light hair in a braid hanging over his shoulder, and light eyes. His torso was bare, showing off his impressive muscles. But they did not have anything on the man possessing him.

Dark, long hair, darker eyes, a full beard, and bunching muscles a human man would never be able to achieve.

Maybe she should have been scared by the hungry look in his eyes and his radiating aura, but the goddess in her recognized him, and craved him probably just as much as he yearned for her.

As soon as his eyes found her, her entire body was set ablaze. She felt her nipples tighten as blood rushed to her breasts and vulva, and the wetness began to run down her thighs.

Suddenly, they were standing in front of each other, without her having any memory of getting there. It was as if they were drawn to each other, literally.

He gave her a mischievous grin before taking her face into his hands, and pulling her forwards, pressing his lips against hers in a possessive kiss. He was saying that she was his with the dancing of his tongue, daring her to dispute it.

Fisting her hands in his hair, she took over the kiss, letting him know that it was rather him belonging to her, and not the other way around. And there would be no discussions about it.

Growling into her mouth, he cupped her buttocks, lifting her up. She wrapped her legs around her waist, loving the feeling of his hardness against her slit, even if it were with two layers of fabric between. He took a hold of the hem of her dress, and in a single, fluid motion, pulled it over her head and threw it down on the ground, leaving her completely naked.

The frenzied drumbeat had turned everyone around them insane with delirium. Some were still dancing, some had found one or more partners, devoting themselves to their carnal desires. Hands, lips, tongues sliding over naked skin, with gasps and moans of pleasure filling the air.

It egged her lust on even more, until she felt as if she might go lunatic soon.

Carefully lowering her to the ground, he let his hands skim down the sides of her body, before reaching up and fondling her breasts, his tongue flickering over her nipples. Her breath quickening, she used her legs to crush him against her, wanting more, needing, craving, desperately demanding more.

An idea entered her mind, and she pushed him back, forcing him to sit back on his heels. He almost looked hurt by her rejection, but that disappeared as she pushed him once more, and he fell back against the grass.

Climbing on top of him, she quickly unlaced his pants, pulling them down enough to expose his erection. He was rock hard and dark, and she had never longed to touch and taste something so much ever before.

Turning over, she placed herself so that she would have full access to him, and at the same time giving him full access to her. Laying down on top of him, she took him into her mouth, groaning at the salty velvet.

Just the stirring of air against her skin as he breathed sent her fervid passion into overdrive, and she took it out on him. Swirling her tongue around his head, she then took as much of him as she could, almost swallowing him down to the root.

All of a sudden, his tongue was on her clitoris, and she choked on both him and the lightning going through her.

Then he slowly inserted two fingers, and almost all of her prayers were answered.

Palming him, she began to bob her head up and down his length in the tempo of his tongue against her, driving him on as he did the same to her. But as her muscles began to clench in her core, she faltered in her rhythm, letting him slide out of her mouth, moaning.

Panting, she turned around on him once more, desiring more.

Lining up the tip of him with her entrance, she leaned down and kissed him, impaling herself on him as she did. Their groans mixed as her buttocks slapped down against his thighs, and he was deep inside of her.

Sitting back up, she slowly lifted herself on him, before falling back down, her head lolling back. Letting her hands run up her body until she was cupping her breasts, she began to ride him, slowly at first, but soon picking up speed. Her breathing was now nothing more than small huffs matching her movements, his breathing matching hers, too.

The fire inside of her was shining more and more brightly with every thrust, soon brighter than the fire next to them, and she felt as if she might explode from it.

Then something snapped inside of her, and she threw her head back and screamed as she broke into a thousand pieces. She had never experienced an orgasm that intense, and she wanted more.

Leaning forwards on her hands, she began to ride him even harder, her clitoris now making contact with his pubic bone, egging her orgasm on even more, until another one succeeded the first, and she fell down unto him.

Rolling over with her, he took over, pounding into her and bringing her even higher. Unable to keep quiet, all she could do was holding on to him.

But soon, he pulled out of her with a growl, making her protest as she wanted more. Instead flipping her over onto her hands and knees, he plunged into her, holding her still with his hands on her hips.

Grasping at the grass, she got her hands full of dirt as she tried to hold on to the ground for leverage. Giving up, she instead laid her head down on the ground, closing her eyes.

She felt him lean forwards, his hands on her wrists, before he pulled her back up. But this time, she was suspended in the air, the only part of her body on the ground her knees, as he held on to her arms.

His tempo was lascivious and maddening, wild with animalistic need, and it did not take much longer before she felt the pressure build in her core again, before being released, her whole body vibrating as her eyes rolled back into her head.

If he had not been holding her up, she suspect she might have fallen down.

Suddenly, she felt him getting even larger inside of her, and she gave a pleased moan. He then took both of her wrists in one hand, putting his other arm around her waist, and pulled her up so that her back was flush with his chest. Letting go of her hands, both of his came up to cup her breasts, roughly massaging them, as his mouth latched onto her neck.

It was a hard position to move up and down in, so she began to rock forwards and back instead, one hand on her clit, and the other fisted in his hair, as she brought herself to another orgasm.

His breathing became more shallow and faster as he wrapped his arms around her and raised both of them up slightly from the ground, once more taking control of the rhythm.

It was not long before she was seeing stars, and as her muscles began to clench around him, his arms crushed her against him, and she felt him pulsate inside of her as he emptied himself inside of her, cursing breathlessly in her ear.

Slowly moving as he stopped, she moaned.

"I want more," she whispered, unable to stay still. She was still not done - needing more.

"I will give you more," he chuckled in her ear, and she realized that he was still hard inside of her.

He then pushed her down onto the ground, once more thrusting violently into her, bringing her many more screaming orgasms, before they both collapsed out of sheer exhaustion.

She woke up several hours later, the rising sun painting the sky pink. She felt arms around her, and a hard manhood inside of her.

But there was also a feeling inside of her, a feeling of happiness and motherly love. It took her a second to understand what it was, but then it was clear to her.

Placing a hand on her stomach, she marveled at the life now growing inside of her.

She felt him stir behind her, stretching, accidentally pushing himself deeper inside of her. She shivered, loving the feel of him.

He let his hand travel down her stomach, bumping into hers. Rising up on one elbow, he looked down at her, and her hand.

"Our Goddess has let me know that I'm pregnant with your child," she whispered, smiling at him.

It took him a minute to register her words, but when he did, his face broke up into a smile, too. Pulling her into him, he snuggled to her, nuzzling her neck, laughing softly.

"Such wonderful news... I think we need to celebrate," he said.

"Celebrate? How?" she asked.

He just kept quiet, but thrust into her, hard, once, and she understood what he meant. Arching her back with a giggle, she offered him better access, and he gently made love to her as the sun rose, bringing with it a new and brighter day.