 Note: Just like everyone to know, I'm chugging along just fine. The end is in sight. Starting now, the countdown to Chapter 20 is on! Oh boy, just wait until you see the conclusion for this story!

***

King Reynar Lobare stood silently by his desk, his attention directed solely on the long, thin box on his desk. He reached out with a finger and caressed the plain wooden box. How can something so small hold so much power? He picked up the box reverently. It didn't weigh much. And yet it holds the hopes of the world. Sometimes, I think it weighs too much.

Reynar's thoughts were interrupted by a knock on his chamber door. He set the box down carefully before turning. "Enter."

Sereph, Reynar's manservant, closed the door behind him. "She fell fast asleep, my liege, as soon as her head hit the pillow. She didn't even take the time to undress," Sereph added, chuckling.

Reynar nodded. "She has had a trying day. We must go slowly with her, Sereph. I don't want any mistakes."

"My thoughts exactly," Sereph agreed. "To be honest, I was a bit surprised that she came along with you."

"I'm not as surprised. After all, Jon Laurent killed her husband," Reynar added, scowling. "Speaking of which, any news on his whereabouts?"

Reynar could tell from the disgruntled look on Sereph's face that they had no luck. "No, my liege. There seems to be some confusion on that matter. I've had reports that a Magi Victus stumbled back to Sanje, his mind addled by magic. The Magi Victus spoke of a golden man who sang to the body of Jon Laurent and brought him back to life. Really, I think it's nothing more than the ravings of a madman."

Reynar wasn't so sure. If Jon Laurent were truly dead, he would know it somehow. His gut told him that Jon Laurent might indeed have survived. "Nonetheless, have search parties continue to sweep the city. I will rest better when I know the fate of Jon Laurent."

Reynar sighed and ran his hands through his dark hair. There were too many things for him to take care of at this very moment. I guess that's the burden of a king.

"My liege," Sereph said, breaking into Reynar's thoughts. "Raynolt was given specific orders to have Jon Laurent taken alive, wasn't he? From my reports, it seems like he tried very hard to kill him."

Reynar snorted. "Of course he tried to kill him. That man won't rest until he thwarts my plans. Still, I think a reminder is in order. Have him summoned to me in the morning."

"Yes, of course, my liege," Sereph replied, bowing. However, he made no move to the door.

Reynar eyed him wearily. "Is there something else?"

Sereph looked deeply uncomfortable. "My liege...people are talking...about what happened today with Ashford Caulston." He glanced nervously at Reynar's face before shifting his gaze away.

"Out with it already!" Reynar replied, exasperated.

Sereph bowed. "Sorry, my liege. It's just...a lot of things happened in the square today. A lot of Magi heard Ashford's accusation that Raynolt was trying to kill you. Then there was the issue with you...er...almost killing one of your childhood friends. And, to top it all off, that woman Sophina Crews shows up with that remarkable sword."

Reynar sighed, suddenly feeling his 200 years of life. He leaned back against the table and rubbed his eyes. "Ok, don't just summon Raynolt tomorrow morning; summon the entire council. I will smooth out the issue about Raynolt's assassination accusation." 

"What are you going to tell them?"

Reynar tried to concentrate past the pounding in the back of his head. "I'm going to kill two birds with one stone. I'm going to issue an arrest warrant for Ashford to make it look like he was the one who went rogue. That should take care of his accusation about Raynolt as well as the reason I almost killed him. As for Sophina Crews...put out an arrest warrant for her as well."

"What's the charge?" Sereph asked as he walked past Reynar. He took out some parchment from the desk and dipped a quill in ink.

Reynar rubbed his eyes harder. His headache was really starting to pick up speed. "The charge is theft of a powerful Magi artifact. Ashford, her Magi accomplice, helped her steal it from the palace. It's a sword passed down from the line of Lobare. It should hold up reasonably well."

"Very my good, my liege," Sereph said, his quill scratching across the parchment with great speed. 

"Make sure you schedule the council meeting for early in the morning, before sunrise," Reynar added. "Then arrange breakfast for two in my private dining room. Escort Evelyn there once she awakes."

"I will make all the arrangements," Sereph replied, making one last flick on the parchment. He put the quill back in the ink jar and rolled up the parchment. He bowed low to Reynar and made his way to the door. He pulled open the door and then stopped. "My liege, I had never seen you so angry," Sereph said quietly, without turning around.

The pain in Reynar's head was almost intolerable. He pinched his eyes shut with his fingers. "I know," he replied, his teeth gritted. "Ashford's accusation that our friends are dead because of me stung me harder than I thought."

"Would you really have killed him, your childhood friend?" Sereph's asked, his voice barely above a whisper. He still stood with his hand on the door.

"I don't know," Reynar replied honestly. A particularly nasty throb in his head made him wince in pain. He didn't want to think about that. Damn you, Ashford, for making me do this!

"Don't let the burden you bear crush you, or you will become that which you are trying to prevent," Sereph said cryptically. He closed the door quietly behind him.

Reynar dropped to his knees as soon as the door closed, hunched over in pain. He used too much magic today. He never expected Jon Laurent to be capable of mathematical magic. He had to react as fast as he could to fling up that shield over Raynolt in time. That type of complex magic was too much for him in his current state. He wasn't Jon Laurent.

He raised his head shakily, staring with pain-filled eyes at his desk. At the plain wooden box that sat upon it. Soon, I will be powerful enough to stop Jon Laurent. I will be powerful enough to save the world.

***

It seemed like Raynolt had barely closed his eyes when somebody started pounding on his door. "What?" he shouted in annoyance. He swung his feet over his bed and rubbed his eyes.

"Grand Master, King Reynar has summoned the council for a meeting," a voice shouted from behind the door.

"When?"

"In one hour, Grand Master." He heard loud footsteps as the man walked away, apparently in a hurry to summon the other council members.

"What is Reynar doing, summoning us so early?" Raynolt muttered. He went to bed only a couple of hours ago. I have a bad feeling I'm not going to get much rest during this war.

He had just relieved himself in his chamber pot when there came another knock on his door. "What?"

"It's Lenard, Grand Master."

"Come in, come in," Raynolt sighed. He pulled off his sleeping gown and tossed it aside.

Lenard shut the door softly behind him. "Did you get the summons?"

Raynolt put on a clean set of undergarments before responding. "Yeah, I got the summons." He turned around and stared at Lenard in annoyance. "You're already dressed? Don't you ever sleep?"

"I've been tending to our dead," he replied quietly.

Raynolt opened the doors on his dresser and rummaged through his robes. He pulled out a black robe with silver lining and held it out at arms length. It was a good color for today's business. "That's a pity," he finally said, pulling the robe over his head. When his head popped out of the top of the robe, he saw a quick look of contempt cross Lenard's face. "Is there a problem?"

Lenard hesitated for a moment before speaking. "I follow you because of the help you gave me and for your plans for the future of the Magi. Still, I can't pretend to like your callousness and blatant disregard for the lives of others." He closed his mouth shut, apparently afraid of saying more.

Lenard's observation stung Raynolt more than he thought possible. "Tell that to my parents!" Raynolt snapped, before he even knew what he was saying. "It's the Grand Master's prerogative to disregard the lives of the Magi as much as he sees fit! Why else would you send Magi to a war who had no business being there! They were researchers, for God's sake!" Raynolt's voice broke at the end. He turned away and busied himself by slowly pulling up his boots.

The silence was agonizing. Raynolt waited for Lenard to say something to break the tension but the man was silent. Raynolt finished dressing without once looking directly at Lenard. "Let's go," Raynolt muttered, motioning to the door.

Lenard bowed slightly and opened the door for him. Raynolt took heart at the sign of respect. He walked down the hallway feeling slightly better.

"Forgive me," Lenard finally said, as they walked along the path out of the Emporium.

Raynolt felt strangely mollified by his apology. He was right, after all. Raynolt wouldn't deny that he was callous when it came to the well-being of other people. "I will...try to be more considerate from now." If he was in a good mood, that was. He was smart enough not to say that aloud.

They walked up to the magnificent front gates of the Emporium, which was lit up with Mage-light this early in the morning. Their carriage was already waiting for them. Raynolt nodded to the remaining council members, minus the sadly departed Safra Howe and Morgana, as they climbed up into their own carriages.

Lenard joined him in his carriage and was silent for a few moments as the carriage jerked forward. He leaned forward intently. "So, any word from Jachal?"

Raynolt grimaced. "No," he admitted grudgingly. "I suspect he, Krysia, and Gero are all dead." It had been a particularly frustrating night for Raynolt. The day had not gone at all as he hoped. Well, except for his murder of Morgana.

Lenard leaned back in his seat and stared thoughtfully out of the small window. "That woman carried an impressive sword. Do you think she managed to finish off all of them?"

"Who knows?" Raynolt said, shrugging. "I will have people check the clinics but I doubt we'll find anything."

Lenard frowned and stayed silent. "What?" Raynolt asked, annoyed by his reticence.

"I don't know...Jachal must have seen how good that woman was with that sword. I don't think he would be foolish enough to engage her directly."

"So you think they might still be alive?" Raynolt asked, his eyebrow raised in surprise.

Lenard grunted. "Hardly. No, I very much think they're dead. I just don't think Sophina Crews killed them."

"Then who?" Raynolt snapped impatiently. Can this man ever get to the point?

Lenard eyed him carefully before speaking. "Jon Laurent."

Raynolt felt his face flush with anger. "Nobody knows we lost his body."

Lenard shrugged. "A few people know anyways," he added delicately.

Raynolt pounded his thigh with a tight fist. "Damn! People just can't keep their mouths shut! I suppose I'm a laughing stock now, eh?"

"People know better than to laugh at you," Lenard replied carefully. "Besides, I don't think many people know. I just happen to keep my ears open, which is the job you gave me."

"Jon Laurent," Raynolt huffed, turning his head to stare out the window as though by saying his name he would suddenly appear. "That man just doesn't know how to die. He's made some powerful friends, evidently. If he really is alive, that is."

"So you haven't discovered anything about this 'golden man'?" Lenard asked eagerly.

Raynolt rubbed his eyes wearily. "I still have people searching. But all we have to go on is the ramblings of a madman. I will sooner find Jon Laurent waiting in my bed than of finding this 'golden man.'"

They rode silently for several minutes. Raynolt's mind was filled with images of Jon Laurent lying dead at his feet. "So, what do you think this meeting is about?" Lenard asked, cutting into Raynolt's wonderful daydream.

"With Reynar, there's no telling. God, how I hate that man. I hope we find a way to kill him soon."

"With Ashford's sudden appearance, I thought we had a good chance," Lenard said musingly. "But then everything went awry, not the least of which was the loss of Morgana. I can't believe the Magi Victus got to her."

Raynolt studied Lenard intently. There was something about his tone of voice...could he possibly know? God, I'm becoming too paranoid. The spy is dead. I need to start putting more trust in Lenard. "A pity," Raynolt agreed. "She was a very good healer. Her talent will be missed in the months to come."

Lenard looked like he was about to say something but instead he looked out the window again. "We're almost there."

A few minutes later, the carriage rocked to a halt. A servant opened the door and helped Lenard and Raynolt out. The rest of the council huddled together by the door that led into the palace. Each council member glanced at him warily before looking away. Once Raynolt passed them, they dropped in behind him. What was that about?

Surprisingly, Reynar was already waiting for them in the council chambers. Raynolt was happy to see that Reynar looked just as tired as Raynolt felt. He had dark shadows under eyes, which was saying something as his skin was already dark.

"Please be seated," Reynar said, gesturing to the empty seats below him. Raynolt took his customary seat on the dais next to Reynar.

"I know you all must be wondering why I have called this meeting so urgently," Reynar started. "It is my wish to quickly put to bed an issue that has arisen from the battle yesterday. Grand Master Teryus," Reynar gestured to Raynolt on his right, "has never tried to assassinate me."

The council members shifted uncomfortably and muttered a few inaudible words. Raynolt stared down at them angrily. What's this? Who betrayed me? Raynolt shifted his murderous glare over to Lenard. Lenard shook his head slightly. Raynolt grimaced and turned toward Reynar. "What is this? Who has accused me of trying to assassinate you?"

Reynar turned his head slightly and gave him a warning look. "Ashford Caulston yelled some accusations as he confronted me."

Raynolt gritted his teeth furiously. He glared down at Lenard. Damn you, Lenard! Why wasn't I informed of this? Slipped you mind?

"It's my deepest regret to inform you that my childhood friend, Ashford Caulston, has betrayed the Magi and has allied himself with Jon Laurent," Reynar finished.

The councilors muttered among themselves at this. Raynolt could see that a few of them still looked disbelieving. "Why would he do that?" asked Sura Montero, the 9th Tier Master. Ashford Caulston was in her Tier, Raynolt suddenly remembered. They might have been friends.

"Power," Reynar replied sadly, spreading his hands and shrugging. He sighed deeply. "I have known Ashford since we were children. I chose to ignore the obvious signs of the power-hunger I saw in his eyes. Ashford believes that the Magi Victus will triumph, so he figures he might as well be on the winning side. That way, they can set him up as Grand Master."

Several councilors shook their head in amazement. Sura, Raynolt noted, looked unconvinced. Yes, they must have been friends. Still, she can't go against Reynar's word. Weston Dorne, 4th Tier Master, stood up. "My liege, what about that guardswoman who wielded that sword that can cut through magic? I have never seen such a magnificent weapon."

"I've already issued an arrest warrant for Sophina Crews. Ashford came to visit me in the palace before the battle yesterday. He had the woman, disguised as one of my personal guards, steal that sword from my personal collection while I was distracted by Ashford. That sword is an heirloom of the Lobare dynasty. Ashford knew about it because I showed it to him as a child."

Raynolt silently applauded Reynar. The man was a master of deception; he had to give him that. Still, he needed to die.

"I never knew," Weston said, awed. "I can see why that sword was kept secret. It's almost as bad as a Shadow Dagger."

"Yes it is," Reynar said quietly, his eyes staring at nothing. He shook his head slightly, as though he was fighting off some kind of impulse. "Now that we have settled this issue, this meeting is adjourned. With the unfortunate passing of Safra Howe and Morgana Rosewood, we once again have some openings on the council. I suspect the council will see those positions filled soon?" Reynar asked, giving the council a stern look.

They quickly assured him that the positions would be filled right away. Satisfied, Reynar swept from the room. Raynolt frowned over at him as he walked out. He seemed like was anxious to leave, as though he had a pressing appointment to attend to.

The council quickly dispersed after the meeting. Raynolt was surprised to see Lenard hurry off, but then he remembered that everyone was now extremely busy with the war. As Raynolt walked back to his carriage, a thought suddenly struck him. In all the chaos of the past day, he completely forgot about the mysterious reappearance of Evelyn Ventus.

I wonder what Reynar wants with her. Raynolt didn't feel completely comfortable with the fact that she was still alive. He knew she would blame him for Daminus' death. Wasn't she insane with grief from the loss of her soul-mate? She could be very dangerous to his plans.

Sitting back in his carriage, Raynolt tapped his lips thoughtfully. She had to die; there was no question about that. But before she did, Raynolt decided he would like to have a talk with her first.

***

Evelyn opened her eyes as the first ray of sunshine broke free of the horizon and shone through the window. It took her a few moments to remember where she was. She was glad to see that her robes were still on and that nobody had undressed her. She had been too exhausted to bother undressing.

At that thought, the memories of the day before came flooding back. She still felt nauseous every time she thought about her decision. The pain and hurt she saw in Sophina's eyes cut her like a knife. She had come to deeply care about that woman in the brief time she had known her. She would never forget how she rescued her from being raped by her former Tier master, Darrius Northwood. And she knew Sophina had cared for her during her coma.

Still, the thought of being in the company of Jon Laurent was unbearable. She knew Jon was just the knife that Raynolt used to kill Daminus, but that didn't mean she could ever forgive him. She just didn't trust him.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. "Yes?" she called hesitantly.

The door creak open and a servant poke her head around the door. "My lady, would you like us to bring up some hot water for your bath?"

"Oh yes, please," Evelyn replied happily. She could really use a nice, hot soak right now.

The servant turned around and clapped her hands. Immediately, servants walked into the room in a long line, carrying buckets of steaming water. Evelyn stood, dumbfounded, by their quick efficiency. Soon, the bathroom that adjourned her bedroom was cloudy with steam. 

As the last servant hulled his bucket away, the original female servant bowed low. "Would the lady require my assistance?"

Evelyn waved her away. "No, I'm fine. I've been bathing myself for many years now."

Even felt guilty about her joke when she saw the servant blush. "My lady, I didn't mean to insult you." Evelyn was even more horrified when she dropped to the ground and prostrated herself at Evelyn's feet. "Do you wish me punished, my lady?"

Evelyn quickly bent down and forced her up. "Certainly not! You did nothing wrong. Please...go about your business."
