 Note: I would like to thank all the people who have commented or emailed me. I am really enjoying writing this story for you. Also, this is the long awaited chapter where I reveal alot of the background information to this world. Please comment and let me know if I should keep writing. Thanks!

***

Ashford Caulston felt old, way past his 200 years. His body ached all over. He had no more energy. He doubted he could even summon a basic Light Spell. His emotions over the past two days have been all over the place. He was just...tired.

Looking at the three Magi who were about to take his life should have filled him with fear. But instead he was simply indifferent. He didn't have the energy to feel any type of emotion, let alone fear.

He glanced down at the body of his friend, Daminus. He turned his head away quickly. No, he was wrung out emotionally and physically. He had no room for grief. I am sorry, my friend. You deserved better.

The three Magi's eyes glowed silver. Ashford moved his aching body to stand next to Jon Laurent. Sophina looked up from Evelyn's unconscious body. Ashford motioned her to keep watch over her. Sophina nodded. She stood up and drew her sword.

"It's ironic, isn't it?" Ashford asked quietly, stopping next to Jon.

"What's that?" Jon replied, never taking his eyes off the Magi. They had begun chanting incantations and weaving their fingers through the air.

"The greatest assassin in the history of Astuari is willing to let me go. Now I am to die by another's hand."

Jon Laurent smiled. "Life is full of these little ironies. If you live long enough, you will know what I mean."

Live long enough? I am almost 200 years old! Ashford frowned at him and then looked up at the Magi. 

He recognized all three, of course. The leader of the group was Corman Alante. He knew Corman only by reputation; he had met him only a handful of times. Corman was of dark skin with a temper to match. He was said to be extremely arrogant and somewhat cruel.

The two Magi flanking him were Elyus Pruitt and Job Roa. Elyus' robe strained at the seams against his very plump frame. He was as bald as an egg with a thick grey beard. He looked fatherly but Ashford knew from reputation that appearances can be deceiving. 

Job Rua was a very quiet and nicely mannered man. Ashford had encountered him frequently in the library of the Emporium. He was tall and thin and carried himself with great dignity. His sandy-blond hair was always neatly combed and his robes were of the latest fashion.

All three of them were of the 10th Tier.

"It looks like Raynolt is not pulling his punches," Ashford said.

Corman Alante frowned at them. He held up his hand and the two Magi next to him lowered their hands. "What is this? Are you two enjoying your little chat? I seriously doubt you can come up with a strategy to defeat three 10th Tier Magi."

Jon Laurent looked over at Ashford. "Can you defeat any of these Magi?"

Ashford snorted. "I barely have the energy to lift my finger, let alone weave a powerful enough spell to help in this fight. No, our lives are in your hands."

Corman's dark face shone with mirth. "You see, Jon Laurent? You have no chance to walk away from this. Your Shadow Dagger will not penetrate the three 10th Tier protection spells woven around me."

Jon shook his head at Ashford and sighed. "I guess I have to do everything myself."

"Corman is arrogant and foolish," Ashford said, loud enough to wipe the smirk from Corman's face. "He uses his lackeys to cast their protection spells on him, leaving them entirely defenseless. If you take them out first, you will only have Corman's protection spell to deal with."

Corman glared at Ashford. "For your insult, I will make sure you die slowly, you pathetic excuse for a Magi." He pointed his finger at Jon. "I don't care how fast you are or how powerful your dagger is; you will only have time to make one move before we destroy you."

Jon smirked. Corman's face darkened even more as his threat did not elicit the response he wanted. He gestured angrily at Elyus and Job. They resumed their spell.

Ashford's apathy began to crack as worry began to seep in. I guess I really don't want to die. Damn it to the nine hells! How did I wind up in this predicament?

Ashford shot a nervous glance at Jon. He was standing perfectly still. His face showed no emotion as he studied the movements of the two Magi. Despite the situation, Ashford couldn't help but feel some admiration for this man.

This man really does have balls of steel. Ashford watched the two Magi prepare their spells. The length alone let him know it was 10th Tier spells all the way. Corman stood between the Magi with his arms folded across his chest. Ashford always did hate that arrogant bastard.

"What should we do?" Sophina whispered at him.

"Stand your ground and make sure nothing happens to Evelyn," Ashford whispered back.

"How am I suppose to fight magic?" she replied, her voice almost hysterical.

"Don't worry about any of that," Jon interrupted. "This ends now."

"Yes it does," Corman agreed. He gestured with his fingers. Elyus and Job stopped chanting, and in the same precise movement, threw their hands out.

Ashford paled as he recognized the rune that flashed on their palm. Daggers of Flame! God help us!

From the silver rune on each of their right hands, thin and deadly daggers of fire shot out in a deadly spray. It was one of the most advanced spells known to the Magi. Each dagger of flame was capable of penetrating 6th Tier protection spells and was known to batter down 10th Tier protections in a matter of seconds.

Ashford heard Sophina scream. Out of the corner of his eye he saw her dive over Evelyn's unconscious body. He had no one to sacrifice himself for; he could only watch helplessly as several daggers shot straight at him.

Something flashed in front of him, moving at an incredible speed. The flaming daggers were not making it to him. Jon Laurent was stopping them.

Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing? 

Jon's dagger shone from tip to hilt with silver runes. Each dagger of flame disappeared as it struck the Shadow Dagger. Jon's hands flashed in front of each flame in a speed that should have been impossible.

Ashford realized suddenly that Jon had been toying with Daminus and him earlier.

Who is this man?

The daggers of flame stopped coming. Elyus and Job were hunched over, breathing heavily. A very intense silence fell over everyone in Ashford's stone kitchen.

Corman stared at Jon in disbelief. "Impossible..." he muttered. "You blocked...two 10th Tier spells?"

Jon sheathed his dagger. Ashford almost backed away from the look that painted his face. Death was written there.

"My turn," Jon said, power filling his voice.

Ashford fell to his knees in shock. It's not possible...

Jon's eyes glowed silver.

***

"Raynolt? Can you hear me? Oh, please wake up! Please!"

Raynolt tried to respond but his mouth wouldn't move. His head felt like it was stuffed with wool. The voice begging him to wake up was coming from a long way away; it was almost as if he were in a tunnel and the voice was echoing from the other end.

What happened? What's going on? He tried to recall what happened but only silence filled his mind. In fact, he didn't have any memories that he could call up. All he knew was his name.

Yes...my name is Raynolt Teryus. It is a very powerful name. He remembered that much. His name was practically synonymous with power and respect.

"Raynolt, you have to wake up! Please, we can't do this without you!"

The voice was nagging him again. Why did he have to wake up? Nobody ordered around Raynolt Teryus, he remembered suddenly.

"You can't let anybody else claim your rightful spot! You have to wake up because the Emporium needs you! You were going to change everything!"

The voice was on to something. Yes...he had something very important to do. The Emporium? That sounded familiar...

Images came back to him then. He saw a small boy filled with laughter and joy as he successfully cast his first spell. The boy's eyes shone with wonder and pride. His mother was practically in tears and his father gave him a respectful nod.

The image slipped away before he could grasp the importance of it. Another image floated up through the void he currently inhabited. 

He saw a young teenager beam with pride as his parents watched him become the youngest candidate ever to pass the 1st Tier test and become a full-fledged member of the Guild of Magi. The entire Magi council, masters from every Tier, were on their feet and clapping.

The image shattered like shards of glass. The next slammed into his brain, searing his soul with its torment.

He watched in horror as a young man wept in his room over the death of his parents in the War of the Desert. Grand Master Boltus was there, comforting him. Boltus...the man who ordered his parents to fight on the frontlines; the man who received his orders from King Reynar.

This image lingered and faded slowly as if to taunt him. It was only a prelude to even greater tragedy.

Rage filled him as he saw his beloved wife fucking a non-Magi in an alley behind their favorite tavern. A non-Magi! Nobody was ever able to find her body. He seethed with murderous rage as the memories of scorn and suspicion from his fellow Magi fell upon him.

He felt grim satisfaction as he watched an older man take out his frustrations on a non-Magi woman. He felt power for the first time that day. He plunged his cock repeatedly into an inferior creature; an act banned by the Emporium and one his wife had committed years before. But they were blind and didn't know what he did. And knowledge was power.

One last memory flooded back to him. It was his destruction of the Grand Master. It was the birthplace of a legend.

Raynolt Teryus opened his eyes.

***

Sophina looked up from Evelyn's body, surprised that she wasn't dead. Everyone in the room was frozen in place. Ashford was on his knees, staring in disbelief at Jon. The three Magi wore similar expressions.

Corman broke the silence. "No...no, that's impossible! You are a Magi Victus! You cannot control magic!"

Sophina stood up slowly, gathering her wits. She sensed that the balance of power had tilted their direction. She didn't know what was going on but she prayed to the God to let her get out of this alive so she could take care of Evelyn.

"Watch me," Jon replied, his voice devoid of emotion.

Sophina had never heard such power in a voice before. She gripped the hilt of her sword tightly and straddled Evelyn's body. Whatever was about to happen she was going to make sure nothing happened to Evelyn.

Jon stretched out his right hand toward the Magi on the right and his left hand toward the Magi on the left. Something must be happening because the Magi tensed. Corman yelled angrily at his companions, "No, you fools, leave the barrier! He is going to attack me!"

The other two Magi gave each other fearful looks but nodded their heads in agreement. They began chanting and weaving their fingers through the air.

Sophina gasped as the air around the two Magi suddenly shimmered. The Magi's faces paled with fear. The shimmer shrunk and wrapped around the two Magi, pinning their arms to the side. To Sophina's eyes it looked like the Magi were trapped behind one of those heat mirages in the desert.

Ashford staggered to his feet. "What is that?" he whispered, his voice filled with awe.

"The end," Jon replied. He curled his hands into fists. The air around the trapped Magi collapsed inward with tremendous force. 

The Magi's bodies literally exploded with a sickening crunch. Sophina threw her arms in front of her face as blood and flesh and shattered bone flew across the room. Sophina held back a sudden urge to vomit and lowered her arms.

Corman was covered from head to toe in the blood and intestines of his comrades. His eyes looked dazed and unbelieving.

Ashford spoke into the stillness of the room. "Never in my life...I...I..." 

He seemed unable to find the word to express his amazement. He turned to Sophina and looked at her helplessly. She shrugged her shoulders. The business of the Magi was beyond her comprehension.

Jon pulled his Shadow Dagger from its sheath. "I believe you said I could not kill you with my dagger. Care to change your mind Corman?"

Corman blinked several times as though he were trying to find solid ground to stand on. He opened his mouth several times but could not find the words. Sophina was reminded of a fish she saw in a pond when she was a girl.

Finally Corman found the words he was looking for. "I...I still have my 10th Tier shield. I would like to see you try—"

Jon whipped his arm out so fast that Sophina barely saw a blur. There was a tremendous flash of light that nearly blinded her. White spots swam across her vision. She rubbed her eyes and blinked vigorously. The spots faded.

Corman was on the ground. Sophina walked hesitantly forward and stopped when she saw the dagger sticking out from his forehead. The dagger was buried all the way to the hilt. Corman's eyes were rolled up so far into the sockets that they only showed white.

"He's dead," she said, turning back toward Jon and Ashford. 

Ashford walked over and stared down at the body. He looked over at Jon. "You hurled your dagger and broke through his 10th protection spell as though it was paper. Who in the nine hells are you?"

Jon ignored the question and walked over to the body. He squatted down and checked Corman's pulse. Sophina thought that was odd; the man was most certainly dead. But she was not stupid enough to say anything to this man.

Finally satisfied, Jon yanked the dagger from Corman's skull. He cleaned the blood off on Corman's robe and sheathed it back on his hip. He looked up at Sophina and Ashford. "Time to go," he said.

"Go? Do you mean go with you?" Ashford asked. His hands shook nervously.

Jon stared at him for several seconds before replying. "Unfortunately, it seems we are all caught up in this mess. We have to stick together until it's over."

"But I—"

Jon cut him off angrily. "We don't have time to stand here discussing this! As far as we know, Raynolt could be sending more Magi soon. So shut up and do as I say and you might live out the night."

Ashford clenched his jaw and wisely held his tongue. Jon pointed at Sophina. "You, woman, I need you—"

"My name is Sophina," she cut in, taking off her helmet and dropping it to the floor. She gasped and blushed red as she realized what she just did. It was an old reflex from her days in the Astuarian army whenever a commanding officer would address her as 'woman.'

She waited nervously for Jon to unsheathe his dagger. Instead, he surprised her by smiling. She saw a flash of white from inside the darkness of his hood; it gave her the mental image of a lion smiling at its prey.

"Sophina," he began, tipping his head at her, "I need you to carry Evelyn. Can you handle that? You might want to remove some of that armor."

She shook her head. "No, I can manage with it."

He nodded. "Let's go." 

He turned toward the door but stopped when Ashford called out. "Wait! What about Daminus' body? We just can't leave it here. He was my friend and her soul-mate," he finished, pointing at Evelyn's unconscious body.

Sophina could sense a cold chill emanating from the shadowed hood. "Leave him," he commanded. "We don't have time to see to his burial."

He turned to leave. Ashford opened his mouth angrily but Sophina cut him off. "I wouldn't do that," she whispered. 

Ashford glared at her angrily. Sophina stared right back. He finally sighed and shook his head. "Let me help you with her," he offered.

They draped Evelyn's arms around each of their necks and carried her between them.

***

"Raynolt, I don't think this is wise," Morgana said.

Raynolt ignored her and continued to slowly dress himself. He shook his head at his own foolishness. He couldn't believe he opened himself to the magic when he was so physically frail. He had let his own ego get in the way. A child knew not to try to use magic when the body is weak and recovering from injury.

"It has to be done, Morgana," he said once he finished dressing. "I need to be the one to tell the rest of the council of Boltus' death. It is vital to my plans."

"I know, but I don't like it. You almost lost your mind, Raynolt. You were on the very edge of becoming a mindless, drooling man-child."

She shrieked when Raynolt's backhand caught her across the cheek. It was shriek of surprise more than pain; he barely had the strength to lift his hand, let alone put any force behind it. No, it was more symbolic than harmful. It was a demonstration of his power.

She rubbed her cheek sullenly as he turned to Lenard. "Has word been sent?

The red-haired Magi nodded. "Yes. I believe the council is already in the Hall and most of the Magi in the city will be here within minutes. We are too use to this sort of thing, lately. Nobody will be surprised that there have been more deaths."

"Oh, they are going to be surprised at this," Raynolt muttered. He held out his hand and Morgana stepped up next to him. He rested his hand on her forearm and let her lead him out of the room.

They walked slowly down the hallway toward the Hall of Mages. Raynolt felt some strength begin to return to his legs.

I can turn my weakness into an advantage... "Lenard?"

"Yes, Master Teryus?"

"Has Sanje delivered the package?" He winced as his knee almost buckled under him. Morgana steadied him and gave him an I-told-you-so look. He ignored it.

"Let me check," Lenard replied. He turned down a different hallway.

Morgana took the opportunity to speak her mind. "I don't know why you trust him so, Raynolt. Very little is known of his past. He showed up at the Emporium as a fully grown adult. He could be a spy. He has the look of the Raves if you ask me."

Raynolt chuckled. "Oh Morgana, does your jealously know no bounds?"

"I am not jealous!" she snapped. The bloom of red in her cheeks gave away her lie. "I am looking out for you. Can Lenard say the same?"

"I have my reasons, Morgana. Let's leave it at that."

Morgana settled into an affronted silence. Raynolt didn't care; he preferred the silence. He focused his concentration on what to say to the assembly.

Lenard stepped out of the hallway several feet down from them. He pushed a black-clothed bundle in front of him.

Raynolt smiled. "Ah, I see Sanje delivered on his end of the promise." He stopped and studied the stranger who was bound and gagged. He was an older man; his hair was more grey than brown. He wore nothing but black clothing and had an empty sheath on his hip.

Raynolt suppressed a flash of irritation. The man was supposed to have his Shadow Dagger. Damn you and your secrets Sanje! You just made my job harder.

No Magi had ever recovered one of the legendary Shadow Daggers from the corpse of a Magi Victus. Supposedly, if anyone but the owner of the Shadow Dagger touched it, they would die a most painful death. The Magi Victus were very good at removing it from their fallen despite this precaution.

That legend is probably false anyways. How else could they take the Shadow Dagger before we could find it?

He motioned Lenard to move the prisoner down the hallway. They made faster progress as more strength returned to Raynolt.

They could hear the hum of hundreds of voices as they came up to the Hall. Everyone fell silent as Raynolt's entourage walked in. He smiled as he heard gasps from the Magi. They recognized his prisoner.

Raynolt continued up the podium alone while Lenard and Morgana flanked him at the bottom. Lenard shoved the prisoner to the middle of the floor.
