 "Anything yet?"

Marcus shook his head. Sophina sighed and leaned back against the alley wall. "Are we going to be here all day? We have to be done by nightfall, you know."

"What do you want me to say?" Marcus replied, his eyes still locked on the street in front of him.

"Why can't we walk through the city? Surely it will be easier to spot one then."

Marcus sighed. "I told you already; they stay away from large crowds. Our best bet is to wait somewhere where they think they're not being watched. Besides," he added, looking back at Sophina, "we would attract a lot of attention with him following us around."

Sophina looked behind her. Peron, Chieftain of the Tribe of the Desert Snake from the desert country of Raves, grinned devilishly. "I can't help it if women stare at me all the time." He winked at Sophina.

Sophina restrained from rolling her eyes with extreme difficulty. She leaned back and crossed her arms over her chest. "Did you have to come with us?"

Peron trailed his hand across the brick wall as he stalked closer to her. "You hired me, remember? I need to know what's going on if I'm going to help you. Besides, I knew you were going to miss me," he added quietly, as he leaned toward her ear. "I didn't want to put you through that pain."

"How fortunate for me, then," Sophina replied sarcastically. "My knees are weak with gratitude."

"Don't worry, I'll catch you," he teased, his breath hot on her cheek.

Sophina turned her head and looked him in the eyes. His lips were mere inches away from hers. She almost smiled at the look of hunger that shone from his eyes. 

"Nice scar," she smirked.

Peron chuckled and backed away. He rubbed the stitches on the side of his cheek. "I should thank you for that. I think this scar will finally balance out my face. Though it's not nearly as long or fine as the scar Reynar gave me."

"Keep trying to tumble me into your bed and I'll improve it for you," Sophina replied, her voice dripping with false sweetness.

"And what a prize that would be," he replied happily.

This time Sophina did roll her eyes. Did nothing deter this man? She decided to ignore him as she turned back toward Marcus. "See anything yet?"

"I think I would have told you if I did," Marcus muttered.

Sophina cocked an eyebrow in surprise. "Was that an attempt at humor?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," Marcus replied, without looking back at her.

Sophina smirked as she leaned her head back against the wall and closed her eyes. It was nice to take a moment of peace for herself. She just hoped today's little adventure actually went according to plan. They couldn't afford to waste many days.

The thought barely had time to form in her mind when Marcus said sharply, "I found one."

Sophina pushed herself off the wall quickly and joined Marcus at the edge of the alley. Peron hovered by her shoulder. "Where?" she asked.

"The one in the plain brown clothing," Marcus whispered. "He's over by that merchant cart with the apples. Do you see him?"

Sophina spotted the man he was referring to. He was examining apples from a merchant's cart. He was of average height with short brown hair and wore plain clothing. His plain brown cloak hid any possible weapon that might be hanging on his hip.

"Are you sure?" Sophina asked.

"Quite sure," Marcus replied firmly. "I can feel it from here. I've always been sensitive to their weapons."

"Who is this man?" Peron asked suspiciously, for what had to be the hundredth time. He was starting to get angry.

Sophina tried her best to keep the smirk off of her face. "Never you mind," she replied coldly. Let him stew on that!

"Let's just get this done, then," he replied grumpily.

"Remember the plan," Marcus reminded them.

Sophina nodded and pulled up the hood on her blue cloak. She kept it tight around her body to hide the sword on her hip. She stepped out onto the road and made her way towards the man.

Marcus was right, it seemed. The Merchant Quarter was a good spot for this part of the plan. 

I guess even Magi Victus have to do some shopping.

Sophina stopped at the apple cart and nonchalantly picked up an apple. She glanced sideways at the man in the plain brown clothes. He set down the apple he was examining and apologized to the merchant for not buying anything today. Sophina smiled; it seemed like the plan was already working.

Sophina waited a few seconds before carefully following him. She didn't want to make it too obvious nor did she want to not let him know that she was following him. The man played out the charade well. He stopped at several carts and booths and took his time to examine the merchandise. 

The Merchant Quarter was busier at this time of day than it usually was. Most of the people wanted to get their shopping done before nightfall. The curfew imposed for the duration of the war was bound to be bad for business, Sophina mused. Most of the people in the Quarter were looking around nervously and weren't stopping to strike up conversations. The entire square full of carts and booths was lacking its usual hum of conversation.

Eventually, the man made his way into an alleyway between two shops. Sophina sped up her pace and quickly followed him. She ducked into the alley was not surprised to suddenly feel a hand grab her throat and slam her against the wall.

"Why are you following me?" the man growled. His dark eyes stared murderously into hers.

A pitch-black Shadow Dagger was pressed against her throat.

The people in the alleyway quickly scattered, none of which would bother to summon the city guard. Sophina had expected this but her body still shook with fear. She tried not to look down at the Shadow Dagger. 

"I just want to talk."

"Give me one good reason," he rasped. The dagger pressed harder into her throat.

"How's this?" a voice said from behind him. A sword came to rest against his neck.

The Magi Victus' eyes widened in shock. "How--"

"You're not the only one who's light on his feet," Peron said, his dark, smirking face appearing over the Magi Victus' shoulder. "So you're a Magi Victus, huh? I have to tell you, I'm not really impressed."

The hand disappeared from Sophina's throat faster than she thought possible. There was a clang of metal before Sophina had the time to draw her sword. She hurriedly unsheathed her sword and shoved the point against the Magi Victus' back. "Don't move!"

"My, my, you're fast," Peron huffed. His face was strained as he held the Shadow Dagger inches away from his neck with his sword. He had somehow managed to block it at the last second.

"This is pointless," the Magi Victus said calmly. "I could kill you both before you could so much as blink. Lower your weapons and I promise to let you go free."

"He's a cocky one, isn't he?" Peron chuckled, his eyes glancing over the Magi Victus' shoulder and directly at Sophina.

Sophina could see the strain in his eyes. She couldn't help but admire his courage. "I think you overestimate your position, Magi Victus. We're the ones who have the upper hand here." She dug the tip of her sword into his back for emphasis.

"You're beginning to piss me off," the Magi Victus growled. "The only reason you're still alive is because I want to know how you found me."

"They weren't the ones who found you," a voice said softly. Marcus walked calmly from the entrance of the alley toward the Magi Victus.

Sophina could feel the Magi Victus tense. He was about to try something stupid. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," she warned him.

The Magi Victus snorted. "Three against one is still good odds for me. You people really have no idea who you're dealing with, do you?"

Sophina gasped as she suddenly stumbled forward. The Magi Victus had vanished. She heard a yelp coming from Peron's direction as she whirled around. Peron was standing with his mouth open and a hand pressed to the side of his neck. Blood was leaking through his fingers. The wound didn't seem fatal. Sophina followed his gaze.

Marcus held the Magi Victus' wrist grasped tightly in his hand. The Shadow Dagger was pointed up toward the sky. 

"Who are you?" the Magi Victus gasped, his voice filled with awe.

Marcus' soft-blue eyes were staring sternly into the Magi Victus'. "It's about time you listen to us, son," Marcus said quietly.

Sophina saw Peron turn toward her out of the corner of her eye. He opened his mouth, the question plain in his eyes. She held up her hand. "Later," she promised him. He nodded.

"What do you want?" The Magi Victus was unable to keep the fear out of his voice. Sophina shuddered. She never thought she would see the day when she heard fear in a Magi Victus' voice.

Marcus looked over at Sophina. She nodded at him and walked around to look at the Magi Victus. The man was still struggling to break Marcus' grip on his wrist. Marcus might as well have been restraining a child for all the strain that showed on his face.

"What's your name?" Sophina asked kindly.

The Magi Victus stared at her angrily for several moments. She saw Marcus' grip tighten on his wrist. He grimaced in pain before replying, "Lauden! My name is Lauden."

"I want you to deliver a message for me, Lauden," Sophina replied.

"Do I look like a messenger?" he growled.

Sophina saw the anger that flared across Marcus' face. Sophina grabbed his arm and shook her head. Marcus breathed out and nodded. She turned back toward Lauden. 

"I'm sorry, but I need a Magi Victus to deliver a message to Sanje and Raynolt."

The man stared at her shrewdly. "I don't how you know we're working with that Magi, but I intend to find out."

"This man has no fear of death," Peron said, his hand still held tightly against his neck. "He has the heart of a true warrior. We can't persuade him with bodily harm. We should just cut our losses and try to grab another one."

"But I know of fates worse than death," Marcus suddenly rasped, his voice filled with a menace that Sophina had never heard. She watched him uneasily as he brought Lauden's wrist down toward his own chest.

"What are you doing?" Lauden asked. Sophina almost gasped at the naked fear in his voice.

Marcus brought the wrist across his body and rested the Shadow Dagger against Lauden's chest. "I know you don't fear death, Magi Victus. What is death compared to the making of your Shadow Dagger? Oh yes," Marcus laughed, as Lauden's eyes bulged in fear, "I know the secret behind this dagger."

"You do?" Sophina asked, amazed. "What didn't you tell me this?"

"It's not my secret to tell," Marcus replied, his eyes never leaving the petrified face of the Magi Victus. "I know the making of a Shadow Dagger...and I know the unmaking of it, too. I suggest you loosen your tongue."

"Please," Lauden begged. He sounded like he was on the verge of weeping. His eyes were darting frantically in his head.

"Will you do as we ask you?" Marcus asked softly.

Lauden nodded vigorously. "Yes, anything! What message do you want to send?"

"Tell Sanje and Raynolt that Sophina Crews wants to meet with them," Sophina said quickly. "Tell them to come alone to the Snakepit. It's a tavern in the Market Quarter. They're to met us tomorrow at noon. Do you understand?"

"Sophina Crews. Snakepit. Tomorrow at noon. I got it," Lauden said quickly.

"Good. Marcus, release him."

Marcus stared coldly down at Lauden for several moments. Sophina touched his arm and looked up into his face. Pure fury and hatred were stamped into the planes and angles of Marcus' ageless face. 

"Marcus?" she said worriedly.

Marcus blinked. He shook his head slowly. "Sorry," he muttered. He let go of the Magi Victus.

Lauden immediately rubbed his wrist and darted out of the alley. Sophina watched him quickly disappear into the crowd. She turned back toward Marcus. 

"Is everything all right?"

Marcus rubbed his face. "I'm fine."

Sophina bit her lip. "Do you...need some more of the drug?"

"No," Marcus said quickly. And then quieter, "No, I'm...I'm good. Just a little tired I guess."

"Now can you tell me who this man is?" Peron demanded. He took his hand off his neck and grimaced at the blood staining his hand. "Cut twice in the last two days," he muttered angrily. "I must be losing my touch."

"Later," Sophina repeated. "Once we're back in the hideout." She looked out past the alley and into the crowd. "I hope this works," she whispered.

"It's a good plan," Marcus reassured her. "Jon said it was our best chance at mounting a resistance."

"I know," Sophina sighed. "I feel dirty for having to resort to this."

"I always find that a nice, relaxing bath with a beautiful woman helps me feel better about myself," Peron offered, his voice hopeful.

Sophina shook her head in disgust as she walked out of the alley.

***

Raynolt slammed his office door and immediately started to pace around the room. 

What is that man thinking? Why is my knowledge always lacking now? I spent so many years planning. 

"It's all wasted!" Raynolt growled.

Lenard, who had silently followed Raynolt into the room before he slammed the door, interrupted his thoughts. "I don't see how this disrupts our plans."

Raynolt whirled around angrily. "Are you a fool? Why would Evelyn Ventus marry him so soon after she lost her soul-mate? They're planning something, you imbecile! And, once again, I'm completely blind!"

"I'm not saying this situation isn't odd. I, like the rest of the council, am completely bewildered by his decision to marry Evelyn. And I have no doubt that this is part of whatever plan he has. But, again, I don't think this will disrupt our plans."

"How can it not?" Raynolt growled angrily. "Everything that man does makes no sense! How can we counter that?" 

Raynolt turned away and resumed his pacing. Reynar was really starting to baffle him. He had summoned the entire council and, without warning, calmly informed them that he was marrying Evelyn!

"That damn bitch!" Raynolt snarled suddenly, stopping in front of Lenard. "Who is she? How did she suddenly develop such great power? She's a 5th Tier Magi for God's sake! Yet she handled me like I was a lowly apprentice!"

"I don't know," Lenard said slowly. "But it definitely has something to do with Reynar's plans. He wouldn't be marrying her otherwise. But, Grand Master, you continue to see this as a problem. I see this is an opportunity!"

"What opportunity?" Raynolt asked quickly, his eyes searching Lenard's face desperately.

"Reynar's strength comes from his isolation. We now know that those shields protecting him were nothing but a ruse, designed to keep us looking away from the truth. Reynar needs only himself, you see? His brilliance is unmatched."

"What's your point?" Raynolt snapped. He didn't like the praise Lenard was heaping on Reynar.

"A man's brilliance is dulled by the comparative lack of intelligence from the people around him. You see, Reynar's invulnerable because he keeps to himself. We can't outsmart him. But now he has formed some type of partnership with Evelyn! She's a weak link in his armor. Whatever he has planned, he has to involve her now!"

"Evelyn is now his weakness," Reynar breathed excitedly. His plans were already reshaping themselves in his mind. "We can get to him through her. How do we use her is the question..."

"I leave that up to your brilliant mind, Grand Master," Lenard said. "All I can offer is what you already know; Evelyn is not nearly as invulnerable as Reynar."

Reynar nodded absently. His mind was already busy plotting his next step. "Ok, the first thing--" Reynar cut off as the wards on his door glowed. "Why did he have to come now?" Reynar whispered angrily.

He briefly opened himself up to the magic and waved a spell at the door. The runes settled over the glowing wards. The wards flashed silver and dulled into gray. Somewhere, the 10th Tier Magi he had guarding his rooms just received the signal to open the ward.

"Come in," Reynar said.

Sanje opened the door quickly and slipped inside. When the door shut, the runes flashed again and glowed silver; his Magi had resumed the warding spell.

"What is it, Sanje? I'm quite busy at the moment."

Sanje stepped closer toward Raynolt and cast a wary look at Lenard. Lenard's smile showed all of his teeth. Sanje's hand rested on the hilt of his Shadow Dagger. 

"I was hoping to find you alone," Sanje said, his eyes never leaving Lenard.

Raynolt waved his hand carelessly. "You can trust him. What do you want?" Raynolt thought he saw a flicker of surprise cross Lenard's face. It was replaced by something that resembled a smirk.

Sanje snorted and turned away from Lenard. "I had an interesting conversation with one of my men just now. He was attacked in an alley in the Market Quarter."

"So?" Raynolt said, shrugging. "It wasn't one of my men. We're fighting our war during the night, remember?"

Sanje shook his head. "Don't you find it odd that somebody happened to attack a Magi Victus in broad daylight?"

That got Raynolt's attention. He narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. "Did your man wear any type of identification? Something that gave him away?"

Sanje sneered contemptuously. "Was that a real question?"

Raynolt fought back his anger. He needed to think with a clear mind. He had let his temper get the best of him recently. That had to end now. "Since you said you spoke to your man, I take it he survived?"

"That's the interesting part," Sanje said softly. "It seems that his attackers never attended to kill him, based on the fact that they told him to carry a message to both of us."

Raynolt glanced quickly at Lenard. Lenard's calm face showed no sign of his thoughts; he merely looked politely at Sanje. 

That man probably knows what this is about. Raynolt was glad that Morgana turned out to be the spy. Lenard's intelligence was a great asset.

"What was the message?"

"Sophina Crews sends her regards," Sanje replied. "She wants to meet with both of us tomorrow at noon at a tavern called the Snakepit."

Raynolt's eyebrows raised almost all the way up into his long brown hair. "Does she now? It seems that we have an old foe still in the fold."

"That proves it," Lenard said, clearly thinking along the same lines as Raynolt. "Jon Laurent is still alive. That was him who attacked the Magi on the city walls."

Raynolt nodded; his mind was racing once again with this new information. "What's he planning, Sanje? Why did he attack the guards on top of the wall?"

Sanje's face tightened in anger. "I don't know, but I intend to find out. I'm going to make sure this time that I watch the last breath leave his body."

Raynolt turned to Lenard. "I smell an offer of an alliance. What do you think?"

Lenard nodded slowly. "This meeting is probably an opportunity for both of our sides to feel each other out. Reynar's display of power during the Summer Festival has changed everything. They clearly know now that Reynar is the one holding all the cards."

"That may be right," Sanje interjected, "but what's their goal? They wanted to stop Raynolt from assassinating Reynar. Well, they know they don't have to worry about that anymore. So why are they still planning something?"

Silence fell. Raynolt looked down at the carpet and sifted through the facts in his mind. What was the piece that connected all of them together? 

He sighed and ran his hand through his hair. Sanje picked a bad time to add even more information into Raynolt's already full brain. What with the plans for the war with the Magi Victus and Reynar's surprise announcement...

"Evelyn," Raynolt whispered. He looked up at Sanje and Lenard. "Evelyn Ventus is the key."

Lenard's eyes widened in sudden understanding. Sanje looked perplexed. "The Magi? What about her?"
