 NOTE: This tale was intended as a fantasy counterpart to 'Husks'. As such there is much ado about slugs and in general intimate creepiness that might not be everyone's cup of tea.

*

Queen Saphise drifted among the black foliage of her woods, its mists clinging to her voluptuous physique like a second skin. Tresses white as snow trailed behind each graceful step, flowing down a lithe back and floating just above the wet leaves of her home. Undulant veils of black gossamer swept up behind her jutting backside, teased the upraised nipples that crowned her ample globes. 

Countless times she had sentenced Elven maidens, dressed them in the same manner, sacrificed them in the same way... now she was the sacrifice. Unlike those before, it was not her life she would give, but something far more precious.

Something that once given, would topple the hated Light Elves. Her eyes burned red and dangerous, and deep in that dark abode... a pact was made.

"Kromoth!" she cried and dropped to her knees, in the lowest part of Moonwood Forest, where the moon shone not at all. "I give myself to you, lord of darkness! I will be your queen if you but give me total dominion! Give me the final stroke to the Light Elves!" She slit her hand and held it close to her sculpted bosom.

Dark red ran between hefty and pale breasts, its tickling stream swirling around the smooth contours of her ivory belly before racing down her thick thighs and into the greedy earth. A long and gratified sigh rose up from the wood and with it, the mist grew blindingly heavy.

The heavy moisture in the air patted down her immaculate skin, dampening the scant wraps to her curves. A low moan wafted from her lips as the sensation traced up her calves, the feeling of being breathed upon inescapable. Tiny rivulets of water developed around the hollow of her soft neck, tumbling from her clavicle and into the plump expanse of her breasts.

She swayed side to side like a serpent, the musky air numbing her senses, dulling her thoughts... leaving her ripe and defenseless. Just the way she wanted to be for her lord. She moaned quietly at the thought.

She waited there for several heartbeats, eyes closed, buxom chest heaving. And then... a slight tingle along her leg. She smiled and sighed with elation. Kromoth, Lord of Shadow, had answered her prayer. She felt more tingles, a sudden one on her shoulder, as if dropped on her.

After the tingles, came the crawling.

Her eyes drifted down to the white slug inching its way to her pussy, leaving a slight and clear trail across her lily skin. She gasped as the thing slid smoothly through her folds, the excitement making her fall onto her back. The other slid across the round mounds of her tits, black and wet, making its way for her stomach.

"Take me lord..." she whispered and arched her back as it began, the first slug burrowing through her love canal, igniting a chain reaction of perverse pleasure. Shuddering moans rose from plush black lips. She squirmed wildly as the ebony slug writhed into her belly button. Her fingers dug into the dirt.

Tides of dark power crashed through her being. As the blessings of Kromoth slithered inside her, she gripped the swells of her weighty tits hard, fingers plunging deep into satin flesh, twisting hard nipples while magical tingles swept over her skin.

When the two slugs inside her finally connected it was as if the shadow god himself was inside her. "Ohhh!" she cried and arched her back, lush lips wide, the night itself flowing from her throat. Her succulent hips grinded into the dirt, jerking spasmodically as one, unending orgasm wracked her body, the twin worms molding onto her spine, becoming something neither bone nor flesh.

Her heart, so cold and icy, blackened into a void... of evil. "Yessss!" she hissed through clenched teeth, her crystalline blue eyes now as dark as opals. Deep down, one small part of her merciless soul wailed in terror at this domination, to go this far to vanquish the Light Elves once and for all... but like all small things, it was swept away, along with any flicker of love that might have changed her path.

Long moans, supernatural and discordant, sung from her trembling throat. The tendrils of Kromoth, ethereal and invisible, licked across her skin as surely as her soul, serpentine and sensuous against her senses. It was the feeling of drowning and falling combined, each league into damnation her body exploded into pleasurable spasms, the meager light of her soul so far away there was nothing but darkness.

She gushed between her legs, having fully thrown herself into this carnal surrender. "Take it all..." she whispered, her voice choked with feverish lust, "change me... forever..."

Kromoth finished what she started. Saphise seized up, her head thrown back as fangs as dark as obsidian extended from her mouth.

Shadows danced beneath porcelain skin, growing larger and darker until the swoops and curves of her voluptuous form were nothing but the pitchest black. Her long locks shone like icy starlight, her eyes like polished gems, the thick slopes of her tremendous breasts and round curvature of her bottom drinking all light, the fallen queen like a silhouette.

She hissed and ran a lone finger across her exquisite skin, the enhanced sensitivity thrilling her with anticipation of more... intense touches.

Only one thing hung in her mind, an idea so perfect, that it filled her with longing, such deep and abiding need, like two animals caught in heat, that the mere thought of it stiffened her with arousal: Light becomes Shadow.

***

"Queen Saphise of the Night Lands... comes..." said the breathy messenger, bearing the raven tresses and porcelain gleam native to Elves of those lands, "...to make peace."

King Aroch eyed the woman wearily. Tall and lithe, her face ingenue with breasts that commanded his attention, pressed into a deep valley of cleavage, like marble moons barely restrained by bands of night. "This is unexpected. Queen Saphise is an uncompromising creature. I'd have wagered she'd die before suing for peace." He watched the herald intently, seeing if she'd rise to any of his bait, if any clumsy treachery arose from novice lips and yet... beyond the lusts this maiden stoked, something struck him as deeply wrong with this woman.

The herald curtsied and batted her eyelashes at the king with irresistible charm, uncaring of the queen's jealous glare. "People... change, your majesty." She eyed Aroch from the floor, the intent in that stare closing their distance. "Even kings and queens."

The king slunk back into his throne. He sighed. "This war has been waged... since before I bore this crown. I am tired of this endless cycle. Bleeding in the mud like common mortals." He leaned back forward. "It's time for a change. I accept her offer of peace!"

The herald's smile brightened. "Your thoughts mirror her majesty's own." She paced around the court, allowing the advisers, nobles and rumor mongers to fully take in smooth lines and curves of her body, enchanting all she paid a look to with those intense, lightless eyes. "She will be in front of your gates in three days time..."

Aroch clapped his hands and stood up. "Well then, in three days time those gates will be opened! Now if I may, show you to your quarters... Lady...?"

"Lady Vemlynn." she said melodically, curving her back, accentuating the lily white swells of her round tits, just for the king in his high place.

King Aroch flicked his fingers, summoning a lowly Elf woman, one of a lower caste if her lack of glow was anything to go by. "Find the good Lady a room, Beira. And be quick about it." He looked back to Lady Vemlynn, a slight grin upon his handsome face. "She's going to have a long night."

***

"These will be your quarters, my lady." Beira kept herself to the side and allowed Lady Vemlynn to take in the accoutrements of the Light Elves, the hard vaulted ceilings that swam with tides of wan, white light; orbs of pearl that pulsed dimly from the walls, a carpet of red velvet across which lied a bed forged for gods, its silvery posts changing color with every breath. Hollow veils hung from the tops like clouds, seemingly unattached to anything.

"Ah... how delightful." said Vemlynn through pursed lips, her eyes in a squint. Even the gentle light in here had a way of stirring revulsion in the Dark Elf.

"Thank you for coming, my lady. I didn't think this war would ever come to an end." Beira said, curtsying as she headed for the door.

Vemlynn caught her hand. "Wouldn't you want to know how this war ends?" She turned Beira around, her voice low and soft, before she came to the maid's ear. "Wouldn't you like to become a part of how it ends?"

"My lady I don't think-"

"Shhh..." Vemlynn pressed her against a wall and trapped her lips with her own. The light in the place dimmed, shadows twisted through the marble like smoky serpents. Vemlynn moaned with a rising pleasure through her flesh, every bit of her black soul craving this, sensing an untouched soul, a fire not yet snuffed, a light... not yet darkened.

A slight, seductive wriggling sensation around the woman's stomach told her it was time. "For you Kromoth... take her!" she said in a lust drenched whisper. She hugged Beira close, sucking on her neck, licking her ear between words of enslavement. 

Beira felt weak and trapped, and a sense of defiance that was fading with every moment. Why fight the inevitable? Especially when it felt so good... and inside. Vemlynn gasped loudly, her pussy gushing a fresh torrent as something thick and wet punched through Beira's blouse. 

The maid let her listless head tilt down and saw a black slug in between her and Vemlynn, rapidly slithering into her belly in a way that both paralyzed and aroused. "Ohhh..." sighed Beira, abandoning all reason and resistance to this new sensation. She made excited pleasure noises, her body attempting to close the gap as the insidious thing funneled into her flesh.

Vemlynn helped her slump to the ground, their nether lips touching... rubbing... and something more, something that writhed and twisted, its tail slapping against her venus mound as it pulled itself from the Dark Elf's slit and into her the maid's. Vemlynn shuddered and gasped to powerful vaginal contractions as the son of Kromoth slid out of her and filled a new host.

Beira's hips jerked back to the sensation of being penetrated, new goosebumps flashed across her skin. The voices in her head intensified, the flow of corruption now a flood. She flopped on the ground, long and primal moans and gasps bursting from her lips.

She felt the twin slugs inside her, moving, shifting... growing, like a giant snake, bonding with her and burning pure evil into her flesh. Her eyes rolled back inside her head as the light was sucked from her being and shadow took its place, reforming flesh as surely as her soul.

Slight breasts bloomed into jiggling globes, small hips widened into lush and round curves, her crown of red hair leeched of its bright flame and turned to glossy darkness. She shrieked as she was remade, her voice carrying the tones of the uncountable souls Kromoth had claimed before.

That night Alfheim grew a little darker...

***

It had been only a day since Lady Vemlynn's arrival and the successful resolution of peace, that the Queen of Dark Elves and her retinue had arrived within the holy walls of Alfheim. She had arrived sooner than expected, to the chagrin of Queen Eosina, but not her husband. King Aroch was eager to throw a celebratory feast, if only to look upon Vemlynn's beauty once more and take in the legendary allure of Queen Saphise herself.

Nine tables connected end to end to uphold a banquet that would have fed the entire kingdom. Mounds of roasted meats simmered with savory scents, fresh fish pulled out of the city's pure and central river glimmered like bold rainbows as steam and melted butter seeped from their sliced bellies, and yellow berries, white grapes and a thousand other fruits from across the world sat juicy and ripe upon platters of gold.

Queen Saphise sat at the opposite end of the tables, across from the king, Lady Vemlynn at her side. King Aroch's spoke excitedly to all those near him, even to his beloved Queen Eosina, but even then, every time his eyes flicked across the tables, they could not help but linger over the Dark Elves' tempting swells of succulent cleavage.

His stolen looks did not escape the notice of either queen.

"Father... father," Princess Hara tugged at Aroch's arm, barely able to tear his attention away from the pair of Elven curves at the end of the table.

Aroch slowly turned his head to his daughter. "Yes, my child?" She was gentle and soft, her unknowing doe eyes reminding him of what he had fought so long for. A world of innocence. Of purity.

"Is it true that the Dark Elves don't sleep? That they walk in the night as much we do the day... that they don't need rest?"

Aroch's eyes drifted from her own and onto the strange pendant that dangled in between Queen Saphise's plump and creamy cleavage. A knowing grin reached across his face. "There's only one way to find out." He looked back to her. "And I'll be the first to tell you."

"Our battle is half-won, Vemlynn." said Saphise, sipping a Light Elven vintage with forced delight. "The good king is much enchanted with us."

Lady Vemlynn smirked and spoke in between bites. "The women aren't as easily charmed." Queen Eosina's face was a permanent scowl whenever any Dark Elf sought to meet her gaze. Eosina was as lovely as any Elf queen, yet still her resentment over her husband's lack of attention was palpable. "Not that it matters, in the end." she laughed shrilly.

"Eosina is a bitter little simpleton. Kromoth will devour her without issue." Her attentions drifted. Queen Saphise could not help but notice the presence of one woman at the table, one who seemed above all commotion, barely eating from her plate, her face impassive yet stern. "Vemlynn... who is that one?"

The woman was so touched by the light that her skin seemed almost golden, her long, lustrous hair the color of fresh spilled blood. Her light blue gown contrasted strongly against her vibrant complexion, so low cut as to show off the heaving mountains of her round, enormous tits, very nearly the size of the visiting Dark Elf dignitaries. The woman's visage, though gorgeous, was not as soft as the other Light Elves, her high cheek bones and jaw line lending a severe countenance.

Vemlynn smirked. "Ah yes... that is High Priestess Rahut. A zealous apostle of the false Light goddess."

Queen Saphise met Rahut's stare and nodded. "Purpose clings to her as filth clings to farmers. She will be a problem." She finished her wine. "I'll handle her myself. The rest..." She gently tilted her beatific face towards her disciple, "I leave to you." 

"With pleasure, my queen."

***

King Aroch waited in his private chambers, separate from the boudoir he shared with the queen, and the throne room he shared with the public. Some matters with foreign dignitaries simply could not be discussed before commoners.

And in this case, not seen by commoners.

The king smiled with a joy not seen in years as his eyes drank in all of Lady Vemlynn. She was lithe yet with a voluptuous physique unbecoming of Elves, and clad in a long piece of low cut black silk that clung to her body so tightly it could only emphasize the unnatural sweeps and valleys of her juicy curves.

"You called for me, your majesty?" her voice was sensual and knowing... aware how this encounter would end. 

"Ah yes," said the king, his gaze focused solely on the delightful sway and jiggle of her bountiful breasts. "I thought we could better celebrate this unprecedented peace between our peoples... in a more..." He licked his lips as his eyes traveled down to her succulent hips, rolling with each step, "face to face... manner."

She ascended the steps to his pearl throne and placed her hands on his arm rests, leaning over to reveal an expanse of bulging, alabaster cleavage before his lustful gaze. "Of all manners, that is my favorite."

Aroch grabbed her by her thin, waspish waist and placed her onto his lap, burying his face into the heavy softness of her boobs, letting her silken breastflesh mold against his face. Lady Vemlynn gasped with delight and ran her fingers through his golden hair, relishing his kisses across her silken mounds, all the while drawing upon the power that would doom the Light Elves.

"More..." rumbled the king as he kissed up her throat, "give me more..." His greedy hands skimmed along her smooth and taut thighs, lifting up her dress that his could fingers take in her sumptuous ass cheeks.

The Lady smiled lasciviously as he took handfuls of her ripe, ivory flesh, squeezing over and over. "More is what you want, more is what you will have." she whispered in his ear, giving him a slight nibble on the lobe, before focusing on the crawling sensation moving up her throat.

At once she grabbed his head with both hands and leaned in deep for a passionate kiss, wrapping her legs around his waist, pressing her massive tits into his chest. Aroch was hopeless to resist, more so when the unholy thing entered his mouth.

For long moments in the dimming light, there were only sounds of Vemlynn's orgiastic moans and the sickly sound of Aroch's choking... until there was only darkness.

Darkness and silence.

***

Princess Hara heard the bells for breakfast and quietly began to descend from her room. The winding passage down was long and dusty, the climb a chore for anyone, but young Hara insisted on the spectacular morning views her high perch afforded.

Thus the princess was taken off-guard when she saw her father waiting for her a few steps below, his chiseled face paler than usual, even cast in the golden torch light. "Come eat with your family, sweet thing. The Dark Elves truly do not rest... and neither do I." 

Hara paused at the sight. Something was wrong. She could feel it in the air, her pointed elfin ears twitching to some undercurrent of sorcery. "You're not my father..." she said in a low whisper, barely holding back her crushing dread.

The torch behind the king's head dimmed so low that only a low blue flame wavered on the sconce. "You always were the perceptive one..." he smiled, "But. We are royals. And eventually sweetness... we always get what we want." He sprang forward, faster than her eye could see and her mouth could scream, his legs seemingly one with the shadows.

The king cupped her mouth and slammed her against her door, his inner hunger crumbling the thin facade of his former self. Red tinged eyes burned into the princess's own, the king's legs nothing but coils of shadow that solidified into tendrils in the light, pinning the woman tight. Hara's sounds of muffled struggle turned a note more terrified when she saw a tentacle larger than the rest, rising up from under her father and tickling the inner edge of her thighs.

The thing was almost flesh toned, but translucent enough to witness swarms of teeming slugs slither underneath, wriggling madly as her father brought them ever nearer to her flesh. Hara's legs and arms struggled futilely within the king's grip, her heels and wrists clapping against the wood of her door, but nothing more.

He drew up near her face, kissing her neck and gripping a fistful of soft hair before bringing her close to his lips. "The time has come... for you to become." King Aroch smothered his daughter's lips with his own, holding her close against his clammy flesh. Hara, stretched and helpless, stiffened when she felt her father's strange cock broach her slit. She gasped and arched her back as the King sank himself deep into her warm and throbbing pussy, the tight fit ensuring she felt every writhing ridge and contour of the vile manhood.
