 Note: this story is my first and is only a starter there is not yet any sexual encounters in this yet

Thanks,

Dragons_Bane

Preface

The year is 2064, and times have changed. Technology is at its best, and magic has returned to earth along with the Dragons, elves, Orc's, ogres, dwarves and many other things that people only dreamed off.

In this time and place there is the good, the bad, and lurking in the in between is the shadow runners. They are the ones that do the jobs no one else wants and are unaffected by the laws of this new world. Everyone knows of them but no one dare's to speak their name.

The elven lands and the human lands are now what separate the continents. There is the law, the citizens, the outlaws, and the shadow runners. This is the story of all of these people and how they join together to bring the mega corps down and set things right.

This is the story of seven people that come together from different lives.

Ian and Elizabeth Micheals are two elves on the run from most if not all mega corporations on the planet and over half of the governments including their own.

Feonna Micheal is always running from her family and their past. Until one day, she ends up running straight into the middle of it.

Kelvin Micheals is a mob boss that goes against all odds to protect his family and friends.

David Macalister better known as Mac is an ex-cop that is looking for his brother's killer.

Jake Macalister is confused, and trying to figure out who he is and where he comes from. Not realizing that he may get more than he bargained for.

EzekielSmits better known as zeeke is a human wizard that is on the run from the law for many different reasons,while trying to break his family curse

NOW THE STORY BEGINS!





Chapter 1

Feonna was in her apartment getting ready for her job that night, when there was a knock at the door.

Feonna you have to come see the new neighbor. The girl from down the hall said.

No, I have to get ready for work, I have a feeling that it is going to be a long night, and I want to be ready for it. Feonna replied with a mischievous smile.

Oh come on, you might actually get a thrill out of this one the girl said.

I do not think so Feonna replied.

Just as Feonna was about to ask the girl to leave there was a knock at the door. When she went to answer it there was no one there, but on the floor was an envelope. She picked it up and knowing that she should read this alone she told the young girl that she would see her later and sent her home.

As soon as the child was gone, Feonna opened the envelope in it was a note that read:

Knights Cavern

12 p.m.

Do not be late!

Feonna knew this place. She figured that this was either a set up or a job. Feonna decided to be ready for either one. As she was preparing she went through her weapons. She had two short swords, throwing knives, and her favorite bow and arrows. She also grabbed a fresh com card in case she was stopped on the way there.

David Macalister was settling into his new apartment, he didn't have much but what he did have he took good care of. David moved around a lot. He was changing his way of life; trying to forget everything, he was ever taught. He had to if he was going to fit in as a shadow runner. With the only lead on what happened to his younger brother being the fact that he was a shadow runner. David had already tried to join the same group that his brother ran with, but what was left of them had scattered to the four corners. He had managed to find out that his brother was the leader of a group of ten. Four females and six men made up the group. They handled all small jobs for the corporations until one day they was were hired for a job that paid very well but was supposed to be simple. That job had gotten his brother killed along with another team member. A sixteen-year-old elven female named Kayla. That was the only name besides his brothers that he had, in which he went by mickey on the streets. David had noticed that no one ever gave out there real name here, so he went by Mac.

Mac realized that he had been daydreaming when he heard a knock at the door. When he opened the door no one was there, when he started to close the door he noticed an envelope on the floor. He opened it and all it said was

Knights Cavern

12 P.M.

DON'T BE LATE!

As soon as he finished reading the note, he started putting his equipment together. Mac wanted to make sure that he had everything ready to go. He had two long swords with handles shaped like a dragons head, two pistols, an M16, and a couple of shotguns. As soon as he had everything together, he headed out the door. He then ran into a neighbor that was just as loaded and looked as if she would kill if necessary. He just looked at her and nodded then headed down the flight of stairs as fast as he possibly could.

Fay walked into the knight's cavern around eleven P.M.; she had arrived there an hour early so that she could check the place out. She saw the normal crowd of Orc's, elves, dwarves and few humans. She walked up to the bar and ordered a triple shot of whiskey.

The bartender looked at her and said no fights tonight, right Fay.

She looked at him and said very casually, no promises, but if there is a fight, it will not be started by me.

The bartender handed her the drink and went to the next customer while shaking his head.

Just fifteen minutes after Feonna arrived at the cavern, David walked in. He stood in the doorway for several seconds surveying the room. At first, he felt very strange and then the feeling just went away. He went and sat at the bar taking the last seat.

The bartender looked at him at asked what can I get for you?

David sat and thought for a minute then said, I'll take a double Yukon Jack.

The bartender looked at him and said you crazy fool that will put you on your ass!

He looked at the bartender and said no sir that just gets me started.

He looked at David served him, and walked away, shaking his head without saying a word.

After thirty minutes of waiting David began to listen to the bartender's conversation with a young Elvin female that stood about 5ft 4inches, she had the bluest eyes you could imagine, with brown hair past her waste. They were talking about a run he had made a couple of years before. The bartender was telling her that it was because of that run; that he quit the business and found what he thought was a safe, legal, and simple job at the time.

The woman looked at him and said I should have been with you guys that night. I was supposed to be Mickey's back up. If I had not gotten sick and was able to do my job, he might still be with us now.

Honey it's not your fault it wasn't any of our faults. It was a set up from the beginning we were just too dumb to see it. I just wish that we knew why Kayla disappeared and where she went to. The bartender replied.

She looked at the bartender and said Ill figure it out and when I do whoever killed Mickey will pay for it.

Mac decided that he should check these people out it might just be a lead on his brother. He noticed that it was right at midnight and no one had come to him about any jobs. Maybe they just wanted to observe him; then again, he may have just not waited long enough.

Five minutes after twelve a man walked in the cavern and handed the bartender two envelopes, Whispered something to him, then took a seat at a table in the back of the room.

The bartender slipped the first envelope to the Elvin female that he had been talking to. He then handed Mac the second one.

Inside the envelopes was a message that read:

I am sorry for the inconvenience; this was the first part to a serious of test and the second part begins now!

With a confused look Fay read the note, then asked herself: if just showing up was the first test then what happens now? As this came to mind, she stood up and started for the man that received the other envelope. Feonna had only taken a few steps when she felt a sharp pain in her neck. With then just a few moments, she was out cold.

Mac watched as the girl opened her envelope, looked around, and took some steps towards him. Then she was out cold on the floor. He then opened his envelope and saw what why she had been confused. He read sorry for the inconvenience, but you have passed the first test, the second test begins now! Mac pretty much figured that what had happened to her was also meant for him. Mac saw the man that shot the girl, he was bent over her and was about to throw her over his shoulder, when Mac plowed into him. He grabbed the man by the shoulders and threw him out of a window. He then picked the girl up off the ground and headed for the front door, before he got there he felt a sharp pain in his neck and feel to the ground hard hitting his knees, the girl flew out of his arms and landed against the bar stools. As Mac tried to reach her, he passed out.

Fay and Mac both woke up about the same time. They were in what looked to be a log cabin. They were in a room full of bunk beds, and there was a chair at the end of each one. There were two more people in the room besides them. An elven woman that looked Pissed, scared, and confused all at the same time. Then there was a man that looked to be elven, but you could tell that there was something off about him.

When Feonna sat up she was dazed and confused, she looked at the woman and asked where are we? What happened?

The woman glared at her angrily and said I have no clue!

She then looked over at Mac and asked weren't you at the cavern?

Mac simply looked at her and said nothing.

There is no use in just sitting here. I think that I am going to look around Fay said.

Girl you would be better of getting your bearings about ya, before you try standing up Mac said quietly.

Mr. you sound just like a friend of mine with that accent. Thanks for the advice but I think ide fill a little better if I walked around some Fay replied as she stood up and the room started spinning. She sat back down after a few minutes but said nothing else.

Mac looked at her and said I told you so. I already had the same idea.

The elven woman looked at her and said child you look excessively young to be here. If I were you, I would listen to the adults.

Feonna looked at her and as nice, as she possibly could, said my name is Fay and I am not a child.

The woman asked do you know how old elves can be before they die of old age.

No I never really thought about it Fay replied.

Well Fay I am 300 years old, so what does that tell you the woman said.

Well, Me'lm I guess that tells me that you are ancient compared to the rest of us fay replied with a snort.

The woman looked at her and said you may think that I am old, but I can still whoop your ass.

Mac looked at them and said as much as ide like to see that I don't think that it's a good idea that we start fighting amongst ourselves.

They both looked over at him and agreed that he was right for the moment.

The elven woman looked at the others and said they call me Liz. What is your names?

Mac answered first he said they call me Mac.

The guy in the corner said they call me Zeeke.

Fay looked at the rest of them warily and said they call me Fay.

Zeeke looked at the rest of them and asked does anyone know why we are here or hell, were is here.

I have no clue as to where we are. What I do know is that my husband and I received an envelope telling us to be at a certain place, at a certain time. We went there and were given another envelope that said we past the first test, and the second begins now. There was a small scuffle and the next thing I know is that I'm waking up here and my husband is missing Liz replied.

The others looked at her and said the same thing happened to us as well.

Fay stood up again this time a little more slowly. She walked around the room and found a note that they had not noticed before. It read; as soon as all of you feel up to it come on out and everything will be explained.

Fay showed it to the others and they walked out as a group. All of them wanting to know what was going on.

When they went outside, they saw a man sitting in a chair with a wooden table in front of him. On that table was four files and each file had a name on it.

The first one was Ezekiel Smits. The man looked at zeeke and started to read the file. There was an arrest record and another paper that read accident-prone human, wizard. The man said I can send you on to jail or you can go through with these test and I can pay you 100,000.00 up front and another 100,000.00 when this is all over.

Zeeke looked at him and asked just what are, these test?

The man replied if you make it over those hills behind me alive and unharmed you pass and I finish the payment. If not I'll send what's left to your loved ones.

Zeeke looked around and said ok where do I sign.

The next file read Elizabeth Micheals. When fay saw the name on the file, she just about passed out. Liz swallowed hard and said I think that just about everyone knows who I am. What you need to tell me is where my husband is?

Now Mrs. Micheals your husband is right over there, tied to that tree the man replied.

The group looked in that direction and saw Ian Micheals hanging from a tree by his hands, beaten and worn from head to toe. The man started reading Liz's file, it said wanted fugitive, married with two children Joe and Feonna Micheals. Feonna is alive but missing, although Joe was killed at 59.

Liz looked at the man with tears in her eyes and said his name is John not Joe.

The men looked at her, and said take the test and we free your husband along with the 200,000.00. Refuse and we turn you both into the highest bidder.

Liz looked at her husband and then at the others and said where do I sign?

The next one was David Macallister. The file read ex-cop looking for his brother's killer.

Mac looked at the man and asked what do you want with me. No threats just say it out right.

Ok tough guy here is the deal; you are looking for the person that killed your brother. Well I can point you in the right direction At least in the direction of his captor.

Mac looked at the man and through gritted teeth asked are you saying that my brothers alive.

Fay spoke up and said; captor could mean that they are holding his body or his soul. Some wizards keep certain souls bound to them.

Mac looked at the man and said let's get to work.

Fay watched as one by one they signed the paper either in desperation to save themselves or a family member or for the money. She could see that Liz hadn't taken her eyes off of Ian, but then again neither had she. She couldn't stand the sight of Ian being tied to a tree and beaten.

Fay had been lost in thought when the man pulled her file. At first, she cringed at the thought of him calling her name. Then she thought if he does that then he would have nothing over me.

The file read Feonna runaway looking for boyfriend's killer.

Fay looked at the man and said all right what do you want from me?

It simple you take this next test and I won't send you packing back to your family. Although I won't have to send you very far the man teased. In addition, I will put you on the right track to finding your boyfriends killer

Fay looked at Mac, Liz, and Zeeke and plainly said in for a penny in for a pound. The only one that had gotten what she said was Ian. He began to fight against his bondage and try to free his hands.

Fay realized what she had said and quickly signed the papers and asked where are my weapons.

The man looked at the group and said here are the rules.

1. the four of you will work together as a group

2. there are three check points and at each one, you will receive a weapon

3. at the second checkpoint we will provide a meal should you decide to take it.

4. at the last checkpoint you will receive the last of your weapons and your next set of instructions.

I suggest that the four of you get to know each other and figure out who can do what. Because from here on out it will be rough and some of you may not make it.

The small group looked at each other and then back at the man, mac said we have all agreed to do what you want and we each have our own reason, but I have one request from you.

The man looked at Mac and said ok let me hear it.

Let Liz here speak to her husband we can all clearly see that she is hurting and needs to know if he is ok or not she won't be any good to us until she knows that he is ok for sure.

The man looked at Liz and said you have five minutes.

Liz went over to Ian he was tied to a tree branch by his wrist. There was also a rope tied to his feet. Liz looked at Ian and said I will get you out of this I promise.

Ian looked at her and said just get the job done then told her in for a penny in for a pound. Nothing else was said between the two of them.

Liz put her arms around her husband and repeated in for a penny in for a pound she then turned and walked back to the group and said let's get this started.

The group huddled together and tried to figure out each other's talents.

Everyone here knows that I am a wizard. I can do all the magical stuff but I have a slight problem whenever I try to do one thing the exact opposite tends to happen. Like if, I was to try to throw a fireball at one of them it could hit you guys or even your husband over there.

Mac said I can do hand-to-hand combat and I am good with a sword or gun.

Liz looked at them and said I am at my best when I have a sword in my hand but I can also do hand-to-hand combat.

After Liz finished they all looked at fay.

Well I can weld any gun or sword that you give me, I am good with any bow, and of course, I can do hand-to-hand combat.

With all that, taken care of who is going to lead the group Mac asked?

They looked at each other and then at him and said we think that you should. you seem to be the leader type and you seem to have your wits about you. Fay replied

Then I say let's get started Mac replied.

The group turned to the man and said we are ready to go so show us the way.