 The cold night air caressed my hair while it flowed from the breeze. Walking down the street, I turned around and walked pass the ruins until I reached the fields where I found myself at a red barn that had decayed for possibly a hundred years. The grass around me was long and wild as it hadn't been cut for a long time while the vicinity was littered with tracker parts and farming tools. The sound of cattle mooing in the distant was heard, but I didn't care about that. I had a job to do and I'm willing to complete it.

I trailed my fingers across an old tire. I felt the rust and dust against the tips as I twiddled them off. Suddenly, I heard a rattle coming inside. Keeping my guard up, I sauntered inside as quiet as possible, reaching for my sword and unsheathing it from my back just in case.

Despite how soft I was, each step creaked against the rickety floorboards. I stopped and waited a few seconds for any response and continued moving forward, but right when I heard rattling coming from the cans the far left, my body quickly responded as I saw something fly at me. I dodged and felt the spike graze my arm while I cringed in pain.

"Fuck!"

When I got back on my feet, I gripped the wound. The damn thing hurt like hell and it was just a booboo. However, my vision started to become blurry. Apparently, the needle that hit me was laced with some sort of neurotoxin. Lucky thing it wasn't strong enough because I was still able to move but with some motor problems.

"Alright! I know you are in here! Come on out~!" I shouted with a slur. It was already starting to affect my speech, which meant I had to get this job done already before I'm left vulnerable.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, something leaped and began clawing at my face. From its' rabbit-like appearance and cat-like appendages, I could tell that what was attacking me was a gremlin. These things have been terrorizing these areas for a couple of weeks and have been known to dwell in abandon buildings while fiddling with mechanical equipment for god-knows-what. 

Blood began dripping from the scars on my face while I tried to pry the creature off of my face. Fortunately, the neurotoxin numbed some of the pain, which made it easier to remove the gremlin like a band-aide. After I got it off me, I quickly took off my gakuran jacket and wrapped the little monster within the fabric tight enough, so it wouldn't escape.

"There! That should do it!" I sighed exhaustedly. I seethed as I touched my face, feeling the neurotoxin beginning to wear off. "God, that little bastard did a number on my face! Sylvia is not going to like this!"

I had to sit down for a moment. The night was short, but it was extremely tiresome, especially since it was almost twelve in the morning. However, I didn't have to worry about that right now. Putting my attention back at the jumping bag, I recalled that I still had a job to do, which wasn't my favorite part. Lifting my sword, I finished the job as I drove the blade straight down and watched the gremlin drew its' final breath. Blood leaked out and only a faint twitch followed after. The saddest part out of all of this was that I had ruined my favorite jacket.

-------------

An hour had passed since I left the barn. Carrying the makeshift bag in hand, I trudged my way back to the city, which took longer when you're on foot. Finally, I reached the gates where I stood by the 20-foot-tall metal door where I proceeded to the automatic gatekeeper on the side. I swapped my card but it rejected it on the first try. Even after five times, it still rejected my ID card.

I groaned softly and hit my head on the wall. "Oh, come on! I just had this damn thing renewed a week ago!"

The thing about these cards was that it was just like a key card at a motel. You had to be very careful because of how overly sensitive the system can be. Luckily, after the sixth swipe, it finally accepted me and in a matter of possibly twelve seconds, the door slowly slid open and I didn't hesitate to go through before it fully opened. I didn't stay for it to close behind me.

The city was quiet, which was normal since most of the population was already in bed save for some people still working in these late hours. Sauntering up the street, I headed straight to a tall gray rectangular building with the sign "monster hunter headquarters" on the front. I walked through the double doors and up to the front desk.

Behind the counter was David who worked during these ungodly hours. "Hey, Jack. Welcome back to New Arcadia. How was that gremlin hunt?" that was when I slammed my jacket down on the desk. From looking at my face and taking a glimpse at the contents, he didn't bother to save any follow-up questions.

"At least there was only one of them. If it was a whole hive of those things, I would be dead," I grimaced. I trailed my hand across my face, wiping some of the blood before brushing it on my jeans.

"Yeah, and who knows what they would do with your body." David nervously grinned. I noticed a large droplet of sweat forming on his temple. 

Typing into his computer, he finished with a grin, "Anyways, Jack Azrael Moto, with one whole gremlin carcass, that adds up to 200 credits, which has been transferred into your account."

"Wow, didn't think it would be that profitable"

"Well, gremlins that are outside of their nest are hard to come by, usually because monster hunters usually get killed in trying to capture one." Hearing that made me appreciate life even more so than before.

After that, I waved goodnight and headed out the door. David told me he'd have my jacket cleaned and mended since it was practically destroyed on the job and "anything belonging to an employee that was damaged on the job is a liability to the company" or something like that. I can't remember. 

Walking out the door, I could feel the night air getting colder than before. I looked at my smartphone and was surprised that it was already two in the morning.

------------

I walked down the street pass the long row of streetlamps that illuminated the area to give light. I had been strolling for five blocks as I felt the fatigue swept over my body. I couldn't wait to get home and sleep in my bed. Finally, I made it. I opened the door and walked right in, but I couldn't help but feel like somebody's watching me.

I felt the touch of light soft arms tenderly wrapping around my neck. I felt a kiss pecked on my cheek and something soft pressing against my back. "Welcome back, my love. Did you have a nice hunt?" 

I turned around and smiled. Standing before me was Sylvia Sanguina Bloodmoon. She was about an inch shorter than me and looked to be about my age, around eighteen or twenty. She had beautiful pale skin with a slender frame and firm breasts that were possibly c-cup, long black hair that stretched down to her back, and a pair of scarlet red eyes that reminded me of pools of blood. She was dressed in a long sleeve purple shirt that revealed her shoulders with a keyhole on her chest, a pair of low jeans with a whale tail, and was wearing a pair of monochrome low top sneakers. The one thing that's significant were her fangs, which was something I'm still getting use to.

I replied with a yawn as I stretched my arms, "Yep. It wasn't the most exciting hunt ever but it was well paying." 

I noticed Sylvia's expression faded when she saw my face. She trailed a hand against my cheek, but was taken aback when I cringed.

"You're hurt. Who did this to you?" she asked with worry.

"Nobody. It was just a gremlin. On the bright side, I managed to make 200 credits and I've killed what was killing those amateur hunters," I confirmed musingly.

The glare she made gave me chills. She sneered and looked away. "If I was with you, I would have shredded that gremlin into pieces!"

The way she growled and clenched her fists was like she was ready to tear someone limb-from-limb. Placing a hand on her shoulder, I spun the vampire girl around and sighed. 

I reassured sullenly, "Sylvia, it's okay. It's nothing to worry about; it'll heal. Besides, I've dealt with worse things than a gremlin." I didn't mean to worry her, but sometimes it's cute that such a calm girl like her would care about someone like me.

Her smile returned as brought my hand to her cheek. She rubbed it and leaned in, planting her lips against mine as we embraced. 

I know what you're thinking. I'm a monster hunter dating a monster. It might seem hypocritical, or bizarre, but what I'm actually doing is quite normal and tolerable. You see, despite how arbitrary the term monster hunter may seem it's more like a police force/bounty hunter job. At this point, monster is more relative as it refers to also humans, not just non-human races.

After the Big Weird happened 80 years ago and everything changed for all of humanity, a lot of people like me were in high demand. Now, how I was able to score a vampire girlfriend...that's another story for later. Anyway, back to the present time.

Sylvia and I headed to the bedroom. It was a long night and both of us were ready for bed. However, the way my girlfriend held onto me, she wanted to do something else before we sleep. I sat on the foot of the bed with my pants removed and Sylvia on her knees as she licked her lips. My manhood was exposed while the vampire girl's mouth was wrapped around it, feeling her moving up and down. I moaned with my head tilted back as the sensation was too much that, without warning, I climaxed while hearing Sylvia cough as she pulled back.

I timidly smirked as she beamed dagger at me. "Warn me next time before you fire, jerk!" luckily, Sylvia's smiled and chuckled. She playfully smacked my leg before getting up on the bed.

I watched her pulled her top off and exposed her well-formed mounds and proceeded to remove her jeans and black panties while throwing them on the ground. She lied on her back and spread her legs open.

"Come to me, Jack. I'm ready for you to ravish my body," Sylvia begged. She bit the bottom of her lip as I moved closer and entered in her sex, hearing her moan with pleasure while I moved in and out.

My breathing got heavier as I increased speed. Sylvia's arms were wrapped around my neck, as she held on tightly before planting my head on top of my bosom. My attention was directed to her face while droplets of sweat began to fell on her. I apologized for that, but she told me it was okay. We leaned in and kissed intensely with my hips thrusting harder than before. I was on the breaking point and with one last thrust I filled her pussy with my seed before pulling out.

I rolled over on my back against the bed, trying to catch my breath while a euphoric smile on my face. I turned to her and mused, "Was that good enough for you?"

"Indeed. Just like every night, it's good enough for me. So, you don't have to keep asking," she concluded as she gasped for breath. Lurching up and repositioning her body towards me, she placed her hands on my chest while she kissed my cheek. "Now, let's get to bed. We both have a long day ahead of us."

I nodded in agreement. We both crawled up and quickly removed the comforter pillows off of the top before getting under the sheets with Sylvia still lying on top of me, feeling the warmth of her naked body, which helped lolled me to sleep. My eyes gradually closed and all I could see was darkness as I drifted away into slumber.