 "Men." Sarah sighed while watching the academically dressed man hurry up the stairs. A moment ago, she literal caught the guy with his mouth open staring at her ass.

A smirk cross over Sarah's face. She couldn't really blame the guy for looking, it wasn't an accident that her suit fit her body perfectly. It took a substantial amount of money to acquire the suit's military grade materials and another small fortune to have it privately tailored for her into a catsuit. She worked hard to look the way she did, and she knew she looked incredible.

The academically dressed man wasn't dressed half bad either. The cut of his shirt did highlight his toned chest and shoulders, and his dress pants were snug in just the right places. Not to mention the man had a gorgeous face, fair hair, and that British accent.

A thought of getting the man alone, then grabbing the man's ass or running her hands over his chest made Sarah shudder in anticipation. She closed her eyes, her hand unconsciously drifting over her mound, and a couple of her fingers lightly ran over her sex. Her muscles tensed and her breath caught in her throat. She pressed her palm against her mound, feeling the heat beginning to radiate from between her legs through both her suit and her glove.

Sarah pulled her hand away, clenched it into a tightened fist, and let out a moan of frustration. The excitement of violence had a way of putting her in the mood, but now wasn't the time. She closed her eyes and furrowed her brows in concentration. She inhaled, and exhaled sharply through her nose, attempting to clear her mind and center herself. She focused on her body, becoming aware of the pain in her ribs from the gun shot, the warmth generating from her pussy, and the throbbing in her cheek from the Russian's backhand; She focused past it. It was as she centered her mind that she quickly became aware of the lack of dull booming music that could be heard earlier from the dance floor downstairs.

They were closing the club. They must know something went wrong up here, but how? Sarah thought to herself.

Sarah looked around the room. The music from downstairs and the thick steel door into the room should have muted the sounds of the fight and the gun shots.

Sarah continued to scan around the room, until she saw it. A small red light was blinking in the opposite corner of the room. A security camera. Sarah hadn't noticed it because she was focused on the thugs.

"Fuck." Sarah breathed. Whoever was watching that camera saw everything: her killing the thugs and her face without her mask. She couldn't leave here tonight without deleting the footage and silencing whoever viewed the tape.

Sarah walked over to the Irishman's body and picked up his handgun. She weighed in her hand a couple times, aimed down the sights, and fired at the camera. The camera exploded into pieces of plastic and wire.

"So much for the stealthy approach." Sarah said to herself.

Multiple footsteps could be heard stomping up the stairs on the other side of the door.

Sarah sighed, dropped the gun, and casually walked over to a breaker box on the wall and started switching back the breakers. The fluorescent lights shining on the marijuana plants switched off in groups, until the whole room was completely dark. Black mist encased her body and formed a reptilian-like tail above her ass. Sarah opened her senses to the darkness feeling and hearing everything in and around the room.

"At least I don't have to fight fair anymore." Sarah said in a voice muffled by the mist.

The steel door was swung open.

Five armed men including the refrigerator sized bouncers from the front door stood peering into the dark room. One of the men reached his arm inside and ran it along the wall, feeling for a light switch.

Sarah grabbed his arm and pulled him into the room. She threw him to the floor and racked his torso with her claws, slicing through skin and muscle.

The man screamed in pain, flailing his arms and legs.

Sarah looked at the men in the doorway, allowing them to see her red eyes in the dark.

The men's faces turned pale white, a few of them panicked and started firing their weapons in her direction, shooting the man she sat on, killing him and silencing his screams.

In her shadow form, the bullets passed freely through Sarah's body, as if the men were shooting at clouds.

Sarah willed herself back beside the door in a crouch. The men still firing at her previous location.

Sarah pounced at one of the men and grabbed for his gun, the mist encasing her disappearing as she jumped into the light of the hallway.

The man she fought continued to fire his gun as she held it over her head, she tried to use that against him and make him hit the fluorescent light shining above them.

One of the other men trained his gun on her and fired a couple shots into her back from only a foot away.

Sarah screamed in pain but continued to wrestle with the man until finally a couple of his shots hit the light and placed both the hallway and staircase in darkness.

Sarah's shadow form returned. She then smashed her hand through the man she was wrestling with, crushing his heart. He sputtered blood from his mouth and crumbled to the floor. Sarah then willed herself behind the remaining men. She grabbed one of them by the head and snapped his neck, he too crumbled to the floor.

The other two men started turning in her direction.

Sarah grabbed one of them and willed both herself and him towards the ceiling above the stairs. She floated there holding the man. She gave him a quick kiss on the lips, grinned, then let him go. He fell towards the stairs with a yelp. The man's bones snapped and popped under his own weight, causing him to scream out in pain. He continued to bounce and roll down the staircase screaming, until him and his screaming died before reaching the bottom.

The last man swung his gun in Sarah's direction and fired, but to no success, as she immediately disappeared from the ceiling and reappeared within inches of his face.

Sarah grabbed the man by the throat, lifted him up, and crushed his windpipe under her hand. She released him and let him fall to the floor. The man choked as he tried to inhale his last breath.

Sarah stood still, inhaled and exhaled. Re-centering herself, Sarah tried to extend her senses to the main floor of the club again, but could feel nothing, not even the random appearance and disappearance of shadows from the colored club lights she felt before. They must have turned on the overhead lights.

At the bottom of the stairs Sarah could see a door with the label "Basement: for employee use only". The main power switch for the building was likely in the basement, if Sarah shut it down she could locate everyone in the building and neutralize them quickly.

Sarah willed herself to appear in the basement.

The basement was used as a storage room. Boxes and crates of alcohol where stacked on large metal racks throughout the room, along with miscellaneous gardening tools, which were likely used for the plants upstairs. On the far side of the room she saw the main power switch for the building, a dusty grey box with a large red leaver on the side. She pulled the red leaver down and continued to do so until the leaver made a metallic groan as it snapped completely off the box, preventing anyone from coming back and turning the power back on.

The entire club fell into darkness allowing Sarah to sense everything in and around the club, excluding a couple small spots where the battery-powered emergency lights activated.

Sarah extended her senses to the main floor of the club where she could feel men on the main floor scatter in response to the sudden lack of light. One of the men ran into an office, while two others covered him, flanked the office entrance, and closed the door. A third man jumped behind the bar with a shotgun, and crouched, likely attempting to position himself for an ambush when Sarah came to the main floor from the stairs.

"I need to speak with this Crackle." Endogrev said from inside Sarah's head.

Sarah frowned. "Your telling me this now?!" she whispered harshly.

"He or someone he knows learned to harvest a demon's soul, I must find out how he learned to do this." Said Endogrev.

"Again. Why did you wait till now to tell me this?" Said Sarah.

"I was thinking." Said Endogrev.

"Vague as always." Said Sarah with annoyance. "Go talk to him, but you're on your own till I get there. I still have to deal with the rest of his hired hands."

"That is acceptable." Said Endogrev, exiting her body. He appeared as she did, made of black mist. As soon as he left her body, he vanished. She could feel him reappear in Crackle's office.

Sarah willed herself behind the man crouching behind the bar with a shotgun. He remained completely unaware of her sudden appearance behind him. Sarah silently, yet quickly grabbed the man by the head and twisted, listening to that familiar popping sound as his neck snapped.

Since Endo would need some time with Crackle, Sarah decided to have a bit of fun with the remaining men. She jumped over the bar, much to the surprise of the guards as they expected her to appear at the stair's entrance. As the men aimed their guns at Sarah, she casually noted her soundings.

The main floor of the club had multiple booths and tables surrounding the perimeter, and a large dance floor with raised DJ booth overlooking it. The air was musty and smelled of the spilled alcohol that was scattered randomly on the dance floor. Beside the office door, was an emergency exit with one of the emergency lights over it dimly adding a yellow light to the room. The light wasn't strong enough to remove Sarah's shadow form, provided she didn't stand directly beneath it. Sarah could sense another such light hiding a small spot from her senses at the entrance to the club behind her.

She confidently swayed her hips as she slowly walked towards the guards. The guards opened fire at her, the bullets uselessly passed through her form. The bullets struck the bar behind her, causing bottles to explode in bits of sharp glass.

The guards started to panic, no longer firing controlled bursts, but now holding the triggers of their guns down in a desperate attempt to take Sarah down.

Sarah menacingly giggled.

One of the guards realized that his attempts were in vain, throwing down his gun and turning to run for the emergency exit. Sarah was close enough by now that she darted her tail for his ankle, coiling around it, and pulled.

The man tripped forward face first onto his nose, which emitted a crunching noise as it broke.

"Gahh!" The man on the floor gurgled as blood started pooling from his nose around him.

Sarah looked at the remaining guard, a bigger man then the one on the floor, with a square jaw and short hair that was cut in a military fashion. He threw down his gun, pulled a large combat knife, and tried to slice her throat.

"hmm. ex-military?" Sarah questioned to herself.

The knife harmlessly passed through Sarah's neck.

Sarah laughed, raised her tail, then stabbed it through the heart of the man lying on the floor with the bleeding nose, finishing him off. He coughed painfully and shuddered.

The square-jawed guard stared at Sarah hard in the eyes with an expression of disgust, seemingly without fear of her, then made another attempt to slash her with the knife.

Sarah squinted her eyes and cocked her head with interest. She caught the guard's wrist mid-swing and twisted, causing him to drop the knife on the floor. She couldn't help but feel intrigued by the square jawed man. He continued to look at her with a disgusted expression, as if the very sight of her was an insult to him.

Sarah grabbed the square-jawed man's throat and pinned him against the wall. The man was taller then her, so she didn't have the leverage to lift him off his feet and create the intimidation of chocking him under his own weight that she had in her mind. She squeezed his throat to compensate while she studied the man. The man had a tattoo on his right arm half hidden under the sleeve of his T-shirt. Using her free hand, Sarah pulled up the sleeve of the T-shirt to reveal the rest of the tattoo. The tattoo was of a bright white sun with rays of light beaming down onto black fog. In Sarah's peripheral, she noticed that the man's right hand was in his pocket, his forearm flexing as he rummaged inside. From inside the pocket, Sarah could hear something made of glass break.

"Fuck you demon!" The square-jawed man chocked out as he pulled his hand out of his pocket and grabbed for her throat. His hand was revealed to be covered in bright white glowing paint.

Instead of passing harmlessly through Sarah, the man's glowing hand wrapped around her throat, and caused the black mist encasing her to peel away around his hand. Sarah's eyes widened in surprised panic and instinctively grabbed the man's forearms, trying to pull his hands away from her. Without Sarah's hand to pin the man against the wall, he immediately used his immense strength and weight to throw her on the floor under the emergency light. The light ripped away the remainder of Sarah's shadow form. The man sat on her stomach, pinning her to the floor under the weight of his heavily muscled body, and continued to viciously strangle her.

Sarah's face reddened and her eyes began to tear up as she choked for breath, still desperately trying to pull the man's hands from her throat. She kicked the heels of her boots at the ground. Her boots uselessly slid along the floor with each pump of her legs during her vain attempt to get the traction to push away. Her vision reddened and wisps of stars zipped back and forth in the peripheral of her vision.

Trying something different before she passed out, Sarah let go of the man's wrist with one hand and slashed at his face with her claws, leaving four scarlet gashes streak across his face.

"RAAHH!" Yelled the square-jawed man as he grabbed his face in pain and straightened his back up so that his height lifted his face from the reach of Sarah's claws.

Sarah dry coughed at the sudden release of pressure from her throat and the tears from her watering eyes likely streaked her mascara. She pushed at the man's chest attempting to get him off her but failed. The man was just too solid. She then grabbed the neck of the man's T-shirt with both hands and pulled herself towards him.

Sarah pulled one arm back, making a fist, and punched the man in the temple as hard as she could. The shirt she held on to and her awkward position didn't provide the angle she needed to render the man unconscious. He instead flinched back in reaction to the strike, his face then turned back towards her and stared at her with an expression of pure fury.

Sarah quickly attempted to hit the man again, but with quick reflexes, the man grabbed her wrist and pinned it above her head against the floor.

Sarah tried to slash at his throat with her other hand, but he caught that wrist as well, then pinned it to the floor just like the last.

Both Sarah and the square-jawed man stared hard at each other's eyes with smoldering anger. Without someone else's aid, the man couldn't let go of Sarah's wrists without her slashing or hitting him. So, they continued to stare hard at each other like that, their breathing labored and deep from their struggle.

"Last time I was in a position like this, neither me nor the other man had cloths on." Sarah said, breaking the silence with a smirk. "You've got me, I'm not going anywhere. Why don't you take advantage of the situation?" Sarah added, while subtly arching her back and beginning to gyrate her hips under the man.

The man's expression changed to uncertainty. Sarah could see his Adam's apple move up and down as he gulped. His eyes scanned the details of her face, likely just realizing how beautiful Sarah was. His eyes darted to her cleavage and back to her face, as he stole a glance at her breasts that were straining against the catsuit as she arched her back. Sarah could feel his cock voluntarily begin to stiffen against her stomach. The man turned his head, trying to look at something more interesting across the room.

"Don't tempt me with flesh, demon. I am pure, and a faithful servant to the goddess of light. We are above petty temptations." The square-jawed man said quietly.

"You sure about that? That's not what he thinks." Sarah said while indicating her eyes towards the square-jawed man's crotch. She continued to gyrate her hips. "No-one has to find out. I can be your goddess tonight". Sarah whispered seductively. She parted her lips slightly and started to softly pant as if the need for the man's body was overwhelming her.

The square-jawed man's gaze fell onto Sarah's mouth then over her body hungrily, the pressure on her wrists lessened slightly. She could see the man shift his eyes from her and dart to random things on the floor as he likely considered the moral consequences of taking her right there.

"I... I can't do that." Said the man finally, his voice barely a whisper. The man's face said something entirely different. Sarah could see the man's vows or morals crumbling behind his face as his expression was changing to that of primal need and intention. Whatever mental war he fought against his libido, he lost it.

"Take me." Sarah said in breath, while giving the man a lustfully heated stare. She then closed her eyes, tilted her head back slightly, and left her mouth parted.

Sarah felt his lips connect to hers. It began soft, but rapidly the adrenaline and hunger took over, causing the kiss became intense with desire and need. Even though Sarah was acting, she felt her own libido engage, clouding her mind, and causing her to meet his kiss with mutual intensity. The man never broke the kiss as he moved her hands together above her head, allowing him to pin both her wrists in one of his hands while freeing his other. The man started gyrating his own hips, grinding the budge in his pants against Sarah's mound. She couldn't help but moan in pleasure as he rubbed against her. The man's free hand found her breast and squeezed it through the material of her suit, causing Sarah to gasp. Their hungry kiss never stopping.

The man's hand roamed to the zipper of Sarah's catsuit and immediately began slowing pulling it down. He broke the kiss and raised himself from her, allowing him to stare down with excitement as the zipper's progress gradually revealed Sarah's braless cleavage and smooth stomach. An action that left the only the man's hand on Sarah's wrists to pin her in place.

Sarah giggled with excitement and she tilted her head back, further arching her back as she relished in the electric feeling.

A distant thought in the back of Sarah's mind was warning her that the situation was going too far and that she might miss an opportunity to do something. The man re-continued their feverish kissing while he ran an open hand up and down the exposed smooth skin of Sarah's stomach, distracting Sarah from her thought. His hand paused for a second as he considered something, then continued to slide down her stomach past the zipper and under the material of her suit towards her mound. Two of the man's fingers lightly touched the lips of her shaven sex.

Sarah's body tensed at the touch of his hand, her breath catching in her throat. The man's hand continued down till it cupped her sex, lightly squeezing it upon arrival. He then ran two of his fingers back up and massaged her pussy, lubricating her with her own gathering liquid. Sarah unconsciously gyrated her hips at a hastened rate, her body trying to obtain as much pleasure from his massaging hand as possible.

Without warning, the man pushed two of his fingers into her pussy with lubricated ease, causing Sarah to buck her hips against his hand in reaction and let out a staggered breath of pleasure. The man's finger tips found Sarah's g-spot, which sent electricity streaking through her. She curled her toes and tightened her fists as every muscle in her body tightened in response to the man's touch.
