 All character are over eighteen and are not based on any real people. This is my first erotic story ever as well as my first submission. Comments are appreciated. 

*

"Fire!"

An indeterminate call that can change everything.

In one case, fire can be a call for help. A plea for aid in sparing lives and homes. Fire can also be a call to take a life away. When a gun barrel is pointing at another human being and the cry is raised, some poor soul is likely to go someplace they don't want to, no matter what scripture says on how nice it can be.

The simple fact is that the word fire usually signifies a coming change. Whether it be the necessity to purchase a new microwave, or the first call to the mourning, "fire" changes everything. This is also true in the presence of the suffix d, which just so happens to the shift the word the past.

This new form of the word means much to the once promising James Godrin as he stepped into his rathole of an apartment, situated in a middle of nowhere town in Michigan.

"Fired." He quietly mumbles to himself as he tosses the keys to his Chevy POSat the rundown looking couch in his living room.

Gently closing the door so as not to disturb his bitch of a landlady to whom he owed ever so much", James enters his apartment. Gods how he hated her, but he wasn't going to say anything because of his simple philosophy. Don't mess with A. people who handle your food; B. anything bigger than you; and C. anyone that can kick you out on your ass.

This situation with his landlady appeared to bring the third condition to mind as he had already witnessed her eviction of two tenants this month. There was no way in the frigid depths of Hel that he was gonna get evicted in the middle of fucking winter. Although, come to think of it, with his recent termination of employment he wouldn't be able to pay the rent anyways. Well, that's neither here nor there. 

Looking around his apartment at what he guessed to be his yellow walls, although brown would be just as accurate, he can't help but think that at least he won't have to see this shithole again. Come to think of it, this place probably doesn't qualify for the grandiose title of a "shithole". The whole apartment consists of three rooms, two of which were the pitch black bedroom and the grungy bathroom. The third room of the apartment is a bastardized kitchen living room with the only thing of value being a small flat screen TV and a somewhat decent couch.

Prostrating himself on said couch with an aura of misery, James tries to come to terms with his recent entry into unemployment. He had worked hard. He hadn't gotten on anyone's bad size. It was just more downsizing. Typical American company.

Lying back with is sorrows as his only company, James is the picture of an everyday sob story. Or at least it looked that way until the shadows started moving.

***

Just great. Just fucking great. I knew I should have stayed in college.

Having had my fill of moping for the day, I take my head out of my hands and look around, only to find the shadows slowly moving towards me with reaching tendrils. With an exasperated sigh, I wave my hand in a shooing motion, causing the shadows to quickly recede.

This is the point where I lose most people. Most people are fully capable of coping with concepts like wizards, warlocks, and demons, but apparently a little bit of shadow manipulation is too risqué for mainstream thought.

Let me make it simple for you. You know all of those fears that you had about the dark as a child. Apparently those were well founded. It turns out that there are a lot of nasty things that lie in wait in the darkness. Before you ask, yes. All of the standard creatures of mythology exist. There are wizards, warlocks, werewolves, vampires, demons, fiends, spirits, various undead, faeries, and all other manner of creatures.

As you can see, there are a lot of nasty things out there, and nearly all of them are deadly. For example, your basic faerie is a nice little flying woman with a great figure and a cheery disposition. They are quite playful up until the point where they chop you up and use you as fertilizer for their home tree. Yea. Real Walt Disney material.

With so many, monsters in the world, it should come as no surprise that there are also hunters. The Nephilim. Pompous spawn of angels and human women. The irony of the matter is that by fornicating with women, the angels become cast out of Heaven. Remember that the next time a Nephilim tries to lord its heritage over you. 

But on to the point. The Nephilim like to see themselves as a police force, but in reality they're more like the Nazi SS. Torture, murder, genocide. You name it. They've done it. So in reality, the hunters are just as bad as the monsters. Taken all together, the world is a cold dark place, which is perfectly fine with me.

You might be wondering what I am at this point. I'm what I like to refer to as a shadow mage. Admittedly, I'm the only one that would refer to me as such, but it is much nicer than what others would call me. Referring to yourself as a dark reaper is not exactly a way to get people on your side. I don't see why people hate us so much.

I mean, modern society will romanticize werewolves and wizards and their ilk, but anyone that can do what I do is automatically a villain. I'll admit that some of the bad-rep is deserved, but it's not my fault that I'm the way I am.

A little knowledge into the abilities and history of shadow mages might help you understand. First off, shadow mages gain their power from the fear of others. I know. I know. It pretty bad, but the fact is that there is a lot of power in fear and someone would use it even if I didn't. It's not like I go out of my way to terrify people. Well, some of my ancestors might of but that really isn't important.

So, using this power, shadow mages can manipulate the shadows around them, forcing them to do what we want. This can range from darkening a room to actually giving physical substance to the shadow and shaping something from it. This usually entails some sort of automaton which is used as protection for its creator. This may sound sinister, but it's really overrated. An undying soldier made out of pure shadow and infused with fear isn't as bad as it sounds.

The shadows can also be shaped into weapons with extreme lethality. However, this isn't practiced often as there is a high chance that anyone who picks up one of the weapons will immediately die. Other than that, shadow mages can manipulate the shadows to do what most other mages and wizards can do. They can form shields, strike from a distance, render themselves invisible, the usual things.

A little history might be necessary at this point. Shadow mages have a long and rich history filled with kings, princesses, dragons, and fame. However, this history generally involves one of us killing the kings, stealing the princess, releasing the dragon, and I really should have said infamy instead of fame.

Unlike the general assortment of monsters and mages, shadow mages didn't always exist. We kind of popped onto the scene sometime around the third century. The interesting thing is that there has never been more than two shadow mages at one time. This is probably because unlike other mystical talents, it is solely a family trait, and my family has a long history of only ever having one kid.

So my family slowly worked its way through history killing and stealing from anyone we could until someone seemed to take notice in the ranks of the Nephilim. This happened sometime around the crusades as the Nephilim were at the top of their power amidst the ranks of the Templars. All of a sudden, a bounty was put out on any shadow mage. They even offered amnesty to the monsters they were sworn to kill if they would only bring one of us to them.

So my family went even further into hiding, which is saying something for a bunch of assassins. So centuries go by and the Nephilim don't give up. Every once and a while they would find the families' hide-out and force us to flee. So, my great grandfather comes along 70 years ago and decides to fight back. He waltzes into the North American headquarters of the Nephilim, which just so happens to be located in Salem, and starts killing anyone that comes near him. Eventually they manage to bring him down with one too many arrows.

The next thing my grandfather knows, not only have the Nephilim declared war on shadow mages, but the rest of the supernatural community has declared war on us as well. So, my grandfather goes even deeper into hiding. He stops using his ability. He becomes a regular-Joe. He gets married has a kid and dies. My father comes along and does the same thing and here I am today, possessed of a vast amount of power, but afraid to use it lest I be hunted down and killed. Just fucking great.

So, back to the present.

Here I am, waving off the shadows, sulking in my depression until it suddenly hits me. Shadows don't just move on their own. So I look back over to where they had been and all of a sudden there is this drop dead gorgeous babe staring back at me. She has the darkest skin I had ever seen. I don't mean Florida tan dark. I mean if she was any darker, I would think someone had cut a whole out of my wall and placed in a backdrop of night.

Looking at her from my vantage point on the couch, I guess that she stands 5'4'' with a nice slender build with curves in all the right places. And did I mention that she was completely naked. Her breasts look like a perfect handful, standing proudly out from her body as if mocking gravity. Her areolas mar disrupt her otherwise unblemished skin with their slightly lighter shade of darkness.

I can feel myself getting hard as I keep giving her a look over. A light bush appears between her legs, being nearly indistinguishable from her pitch black skin. My eyes travel over her wide hips and down her perfect legs before they travel back up and over her perfectly flat stomach before once more settling on her gorgeous mounds. Eventually, I force myself to look up at her face and just as suddenly as my erection had grown it went away.

Don't get me wrong. She had a beautiful face, angular like a European model, but there is something about to blood red eyes staring back at you that can kill any hard-on. So, here I am staring at this drop-dead gorgeous babe with blood red eyes and full red lips that seem to be smirking at me, and all I can think is that I should probably pick my jaw off the floor before something decides it would make a nice winter home.

In a futile attempt to save some grace and pretend that I hadn't just molested her with my eyes, I quickly turn away. Of course, I am now staring directly at the cushion of the couch and feeling like an idiot, but I definitely prefer this position to possibly insulting a woman who was most definitely not human.

"Why did you look away?" I hear a hauntingly beautiful voice that invokes images of shadows creeping into a room.

Mustering what remained of my self-control I manage to stammer out, "I didn't want to be disrespectful."

"Well. It's a little late if you're trying to be a gentleman," she responds with a hint of humor in her voice, "Anyway, I enjoyed you looking at me."

Hearing the invitation in her voice and being unable to help myself, I look back at her. Drinking in every inch of her with my eyes as if I was a man dying of thirst, I behold what surely must be perfection incarnate.

Unable to help myself, I stammer, "You are so incredibly beautiful."

"Why thank you James. You're not too bad yourself."

Despite the gorgeous woman in front of me seeming to draw every ounce of my will from me, I hear warning bells go off in my head as she says my name. Coming back from the lust filled world which my mind had momentarily gone off to, I leap from the bed and back up into the center of the room, barely managing to avoid my TV along the way. Instincts kick in as I reach for the shadows drawing them to me and forming them into a pair of imposing spears leveled directly at my visitor.

"Stay back or I will put you down."

"Mhmm," she purrs seductively making my knees suddenly weak, "You know just how to treat a girl."

She quickly closes the gap between us in a series of bouncing steps that cause her to jiggle in a most inviting way. Walking through my spears of shadowstuff as if they were no more than puffs of smoke, she quickly reaches me, takes hold of my neck and draws me into a soul searing kiss. All of my resistance flies out the window at that moment as I completely give myself over to the feelings that this ebony goddess evokes in me.

Taking some of the initiative, I bring my arms around her, one going high to hold onto her dark tresses while the other moves low for sweet temptation. Grasping her wonderful cheek firmly in my hand I bring her as close to my body as I physically can while still wearing clothes. By this point my cock is practically bursting through my jeans poking into her flat stomach as we continue our passionate kiss.

Her hands suddenly change position as she takes hold of my shoulders and drags me back to the coach. She quickly lays down, pulling me on top of her as we stay firmly pressed together. Unable to hold back, I move my hands from her perfect body, ripping at the bottom of my shirt in my haste to be closer to her. I break the kiss for the moment it takes to hastily tear off my shirt exposing my muscular chest and lightly toned abs. Diving back into the kiss once more, my mouth opens and our tongues dance between our mouths in heated passion.

Breaking the kiss once more, I move down her body, taking her tits in hand and mauling them as I passionately kiss her neck. Moving down once more, I take her left breast into my mouth, eliciting a moan from her in response. Grinning with my lips locked around her nipple, I lightly bite down, causing her to moan even louder as she runs her hands through my hair. 

After a moment, she seems to have her fill of foreplay as she brings my head back up, continuing our lip-lock once again as she reaches down and undoes my belt in a flurry of motion. Just as swiftly, my pants come off and I am left in just my boxers as we continue to revel in each other. Breaking my concentration for a moment, her hand snakes into my boxers, grasping my member firmly as she begins to slide her hand up and down my length. Unable to control myself any longer, I pull my boxers down past my knees before I manage to kick them off in haste. All the while, her hand never leaves my member.

Knowing that I am ready and showing me that she is too, she spreads her legs and brings the head to her entrance. We break the kiss and our eyes lock as my muscles tense. In one smooth motion, I thrust into her and her blood red eyes flash as she screams in ecstasy. The feeling of her sheath surrounding me is incredible as her warm passage grasps my member as if it never intended to let it go again. But it must, as I slowly pull it back out until only the tip is left in before I powerfully thrust all of the way back into her. Tapping into the hidden reservoir of energy in my twenty year old body, I begin to thrust into her as if there would be no tomorrow.

Each thrust is accompanied by the sound of our bodies slapping together as she pulls herself upwards to meet each of my thrusts, increasing the power of our joining. I look down between us to watch as my white member thrusts between her ebony lips creating such a delicious contrast that it seems to enhance the vigor with which I thrust into her. Looking back up at her, I see a look of such pure desire in her eyes that I can't resist as I pull her into another passionate kiss.

I begin to feel my climax build as she runs her hands over my back. I'm amazed that I have lasted this long with such an incredible woman underneath me but I don't question my good fortune. Looking for a sign that she too is getting close, I receive it as she begins to rake her nails down my back, delivering an incredible combination of pleasure and pain as I grow ever closer to my peak. Just as I don't think that I can last any longer, she screams out in sheer pleasure and I gasp as her muscles begin to contract around my length, drawing it in and milking it for all that it is worth.

With a soundless yell, my seed shoots into her, filling her completely. With each new spurt, I grow weaker as the last of my energy drains away. I quickly lean to the side so that I won't crush her as we both pass into sleep.

***

I wake up to a gentle kiss on the lips. Opening my I eyes, I see the beautiful woman that I had just made love to lying underneath me. I almost can't believe that it had just happened but our still joined sexes serve as testament to what we had done. With a grin, I lean down and kiss her again as she slowly turns me on my side along with her, being careful to keep us joined.

The reality of the situation begins to kick in as I look at her and begin to think once more.

"This is so crazy," I manage to whisper to her, "I don't even know your name."

"It's Elia," she whispers back as she brings me back for another kiss.

Suddenly feeling shy even though we are joined by our sexes I begin to blush as I realize what I have to tell her.

"Elia...," I hesitate as I being, "You were my first."

I watch as her eyes light up and she pulls me to her tightly wrapping me in her arms as I do the same. Laying there, we slowly fall asleep in each other's arms.

Just before I fade into the oblivion of sleep, my lips twist up and the corners and I whisper, "Elia."

***

I wake up to the sensation of an empty bed. A sigh of frustration escapes my lips as I realize that the events of the previous night hadn't happened. I mean how could they? Absolutely gorgeous women don't just pop out of nowhere to have sex with you. I know that there is magic and all types of weird things in the world, but things like what I dreamed about do not just happened.

With another sigh in commemoration of how pathetic I must be to be having those types of dreams, I open my eyes to the pitch black of my bedroom. I take a moment and just lay there, enjoying the feeling of being nowhere in the world. Being able to manipulate shadows might be fun and all, but I had learned that after the first hundred or so times, you really get tired of them. It's like working with food. After you've done so for a while, there is no way in hell that you will eat the stuff you worked with.

The only problem with this is that there are shadows everywhere. Anywhere there is light, there is going to be a shadow. It is as simple as that. So the only way to avoid them is to get rid of the light. To that end, I had completely redone my bedroom in an attempt to eliminate all forms of light. Blankets over the window, dresser in front of the window, empty light sockets, the whole ten yards. I don't even have a TV or a power-strip in my room just so there aren't those little red lights anywhere. All in all, my room is as black as you can possibly make it.

Of course, I realize that I am fooling myself. The very fact that the light from outside is being blocked means that my room is actually one big shadow. But that isn't important. What is important is that I don't have to see it.

Drawing the single sheet from my body, I slowly get out of bed and move towards the bathroom door. Knowing where all of the hidden obstacles in my room are, I quickly traverse the bedroom to the somewhat clean bathroom. Flipping on the light switch, I turn and look at myself in the mirror. Brown eyes, check. Short brown hair, check. Rough beard stubble, check. Two eyes, two ears, one nose, one mouth, all check. And the piece de resistance, an uneven scar along my right jawline, check.

I got the scar two years ago when I was still in college. Apparently getting drunk and showing off a little when you are being hunted by demented killers isn't a good idea. It wasn't anything major. It was just a little darkening of the room with a slight amount of intimidation mixed in. Nothing that would really be noticeable. The only problem is that about one in ten college students isn't exactly human. Not really surprising. There are always those people at college that give you the creeps or those guys that you won't even walk near. Well, surprise. Those aren't the monsters. Those are just normal people that you don't like. The real monsters are the people that draw all of the attention. The athletes, the frat guys, even the nerds. Anyone that is really good at something to the point of people taking notice is usually a monster. 
