 Leo closed his eyes and looked away from the sight of the gun. His body started shaking. If only he had more time. Leo almost managed to break his restraints before Crackle's goons started interrogating him. He never though this job would have gotten him into so much trouble. It was stupid of him to take it, but the thought of his sister succumbing to cancer weakened him. He was a renowned doctor for god's sakes, he should have seen the signs of his sister's illness before it spread. He needed more time to save her, he needed more time to save himself.

"Hey boys." Said a smooth feminine voice.

Leo opened his eyes and looked up.

On the opposite side of the room a masked woman dressed in a catsuit and leather boots seductively swayed her hips walking towards them with her hands behind her back. Her red lips formed a playful smirk. To Leo's astonishment the front of her catsuit was completely unzipped to where the zipper stopped below her naval. The opening in the catsuit formed a "V", revealing her impressive cleavage that threatened to come free from beneath her suit.

"Who the fuck are you?" asked Boris as he raised his rifle towards the woman.

"Mr. Crackle sent me to congratulate you on your initiative you showed here today with this degenerate. Unfortunately, Mr. Crackle wants to discuss another matter with this man and would like to see him personally." The woman explained.

"And your telling me that Crackle sent a stripper to do that?" Asked Oscar while still pointing his gun at Leo.

"Oh no, not a stripper. I prefer the term... escort." The woman said in a playfully hurt tone. "I'm your reward for the services you've provided Mr. Crackle tonight. He is extremely apologetic for intervening in your task."

Boris skeptically looked the woman up and down as she approached them. Leo could see the man's shoulders relax slightly under his black shirt, as he appeared to be satisfied with what the woman said.

"Mr. Crackle does know how to make an apology." Boris said as he licked his lips and lowered is rifle while moving towards the woman. As he approached the woman he slung his rifle over his shoulder and threw it to the floor. Boris then ran his hand down the woman's arm, his gaze moving with his hand.

"Like what you see?" asked the woman her playful tone.

The gaze of Boris met the woman's eyes. "Let's find out." He said smiling as he quickly grabbed the edges of the woman's catsuit and pulled it open to expose her breasts.

The woman gasped in surprise, for half a second her playful expression changed to annoyance. She sighed while placing hand on Boris's chest. "Ha, Easy their tiger, I think we may want to find a room more suitable for that kind of thing first." She said with her playful tone once again.

Boris looked confused at the woman's hand, then his eyes filled with rage. Boris snarled as he grabbed the woman by the wrist with one hand while using his free hand to backhand the woman across the face with such force that her mask flew from her face while spinning her into the hydroponics system behind her, her hands grabbed the aluminum trough to steady herself.

"You think you can tease me?! I'll take what I want, when I want!" Boris said in anger.

The woman touched her split cheek and looked at the blood that transferred to her glove. "You just hit the wrong fucking woman, you son of a bitch." The woman said as she balled up her fist. She quickly turned to Boris and did a shoulder roll. Halfway through the roll, she turned the maneuver into a hand spring with her feet kicking out. Her heeled boots connected with Boris's chest while she grabbed fistfuls of his shirt with her hands to hold on as her momentum sent Boris to the ground. Boris landed on his back with the woman still crouching on his chest. The woman let go of Boris's shirt and straddled his stomach. She raised her fist and hit Boris in the face three times. The first hit created a sickening crunch as Boris's cheek bone shattered, the second broke the bone around his eye, and by the third Boris's skin broke leaving blood drip from the woman's fist as she brought her fist up to keep going.

"Shit! Boris. Fuck get off him bitch!" Yelled Oscar as he only just realized that Boris wasn't the one getting beaten on anymore. He trained the gun he had pointing at Leo towards the woman and fired two shots hastily at her. The first sparked off the concrete floor, while the second got the woman in the side of her ribs.

The woman yelped in pain, falling off Boris onto her back, her hands holding her injured ribs.

Oscar cautiously walked towards the woman with his gun trained on her as she laid on the ground.

Leo couldn't help but watch the woman's breasts rise and fall as she breathed pained yet heavy breaths.

Shaking his head, Leo realized that with Oscar's back finally turned he now had a chance to break free. Leo started furiously rubbing his restraints against the sharp bolt sticking out of his chair.

"Boris! Boris! Are you alright mate?" Asked Oscar.

Boris remained silent and unmoving.

"You fucking bitch! Boris was my best mate, now you bashed in half his head." Oscar said, his voice breaking as if he was about to cry, while jabbing his gun in the woman's direction between each syllable.

"Your mate is nothing more than an abusive brute that needed to finally get his ass kicked by a woman." Said the woman in a matter-of-fact tone.

"I make you pay you fucking bitch." Oscar said. Tears now visibly welling in his eyes.

With a snap the zip tie holding Leo's hands to the chair finally broke free.

"ha!" Leo unintentionally yelped in triumph.

Oscar's head wiped around, his eyes focusing on Leo and his free hands.

"You little shit!" breathed Oscar.

Leo immediately got out of his chair, turned, and started running towards the door, trying to put as much distance between himself and Oscar.

BANG

Leo felt the hot pain of the bullet rip though his arm, he tripped and fell into the steel door. He looked over to his arm, where to his dismay found a red stain expanding over his shirt.

"You think you can run from me!?" yelled Oscar as he stormed over to Leo, his face cherry red with tears streaming down from his eyes. "You think our business is over? No! I'm not done with you yet." Oscar grabbed Leo by the shirt, picking him up to eye level.

Leo could smell the pungent odor of Oscar's breath as Leo was pulled within an inch of Oscar's face.

"Please, I'm begging you. I'll figure out what the substance is, just give me more time!" stammered Leo.

"No, it's too late for that. I'm going to beat you and that bitch till both of you are dead." Oscar said while jabbing his gun against the side of Leo's head. "It will be in memory to Boris, he would have wanted it that way."

Over Oscar's shoulder Leo could see the woman stand up and start walking towards him and Oscar. She raised her right hand as she walked and made a fist with only her thumb, index finger, and middle finger; she then bent her wrist inward which caused a large blade to rapidly extend down her forearm. She placed her left hand on Oscar's left shoulder and leaned in with her lips next to Oscar's ear.

"Not if I kill you first." The woman whispered. She then stabbed the blade through Oscar's ribs.

Oscar's face grimaced in shock, he dropped the gun, and crumped to the floor. The woman pulled the blade from his ribs as Oscar fell.

Leo also fell to the floor onto his ass, as Oscar no longer held him up by his neck.

The woman bent down to Oscar, grabbed his shirt and used it to wipe his blood clean of her blade. She then stood back up and walked over to Boris. With the claws on her hand she sliced a strip of Boris's shirt of and walked back to Leo. The woman then bent down and looked into Leo's eyes. "Are you alright?" The she asked, as she started to use the strip of Boris's shirt to bandage Leo's arm.

"I think I'll be alright. Why did you help me?" Leo asked the woman, still trying to process everything he just saw.

The woman looked back into Leo's eyes as she finished wrapping his wound. "I'm not like everyone else in this city." The woman said as she stood up from Leo.

Leo's watched as she stood up, but caught himself stealing another glace at her breasts, which were still unbound by her catsuit.

Leo's quick glace didn't go unnoticed as the woman furrowed her eyebrows in annoyance as she became aware that her catsuit was still open, causing her to reach for the zipper and pull it up till it resided between her breasts.

"Can you walk?" The woman asked sternly, obviously annoyed at Leo's perversion.

"Yea. My arm is on fire and my head feels like it's going to explode, but I can walk." Leo stated. He groaned as he pushed himself up, using the door to brace himself.

"Good. Get to the roof and wait for me up there, the staircase is over there." She said while pointing to the opposite end of the room.

The woman walked over to where her mask laid on the floor under one of the hydroponic systems. She bent down onto her hands and knees to reach for it, giving Leo a view of her clearly defined ass spreading wide in the catsuit. Leo watched as she stood back up and stuck the mask back onto her face, which was likely being held on by some sort of adhesive. She looked back at Leo in disbelief.

"What are you waiting for, go to the roof?!" she yelled.

Leo quickly started walking to the other side of the room, hoping that the woman assumed he was just slow to stand and not that he was watching her ass. Leo moved up the staircase to where a door was idly swinging in the wind.

"huh." Leo voiced to himself in intrigue as he noticed the door had a piece missing out of it the size of his head. Leo pushed the door open and walked on the roof. He staggered as he stubbed his toe on a piece of metal, which he realized was the missing piece of the door. He continued walking towards the ledge, leaned over it and looked down onto the street below.

The bouncers of the club were herding out hundreds of confused patrons.

Leo looked at his watch, which read "1:00 AM". Evidently the club was closing early tonight.