 Disclaimer, all characters involved in sexual acts are 18 years of age or above. Their also mine so no stealsies. Also I'm British so if there is slang, mannerisms w/e that you don't get you can ask me in the comments and I'll reply (hopefully).

'Oh, oh, oh. It's magic. You kno-'

"AARGH!"

I looked up to see my best friend glaring at me.

"Eric I swear to god if you don't get that damn ringtone changed I'm gonna melt your bloody phone."

So I guess my ringtone still pisses off my roommate Gary. Well that was the point of it anyways. He hates that song for pretty obvious reasons. Oh yeah, he's a Mage, so am I for that matter but he get's paranoid about the secrecy laws and I love digging him for it. When we went into a Costa once after lectures he heard the song and immediately walked out whilst looking pretty pissed, from that point I set it as my ringtone to annoy the heck out of him.

I answered the phone since it did have a purpose beyond pissing off Gary.

"Hello?"

"Hey Eric, so how's you're first week of college going?"

"Fine Dad, it's only been Freshers week so far, you remember what that's like or is it abit too far back for you.", I joked at him.

"Yeah, yeah alright, but don't be out too much arite? You need to make sure you keep up on both normal and magic classes got it?"

"Yes Dad. Not gonna be running around every night, I've had enough alcohol for a month I feel."

"Oh yeah I forgot to mention, you remember that family the DePleurs? From the last Sentinel? (TLDR: Sentinels are basically a meeting that happens to decide which college the next set of mages, magical lot go to, I'll explain in a sec arite) Well looks like their daughter Carmen is coming to Cardiff and not Northern Ireland, try make her feel welcome, we owe them a favour after all."

Uuuugh...why meeee. I obviously did not voice that displeasure to myDad, instead being as cheery as possible without going over the top.

"Of course. I'll make sure she get's along fine Dad" (Fuck No!).

"Good.", aaaand he hung up.

Ok so. Basic rundown as some of you lot are plebs, no I'm not being insulting it's just what we mages call those who are in the dark about us. Well I guess putting it that way it's an insult, but you're still plebs.

There are Mages, magic folk (as in creatures, weres, vamps .etc.) and Dragons....ok not dragons, they died like 600 years ago, and before you start thinking I'm bullshitting, the reason we're well hidden is because of glamours, memory wipes and government involvement. Like every government has a magical department to help the secrecy. Why the secrecy? Because apparently some wars and bullshit happened millennia ago, and they're extra hard on secrecy now because of religions (aka magical nincompoops deciding to do a sparkle show in front of plebs and then call themselves gods, those were the cases where memory wiping couldn't catch up and now you have Jehovah's Witnesses). Oh and dragon's when they die just convert to their corresponding element for example an Earth Dragon would become a mountain, and a Fire Dragon would become a pain in the ass, especially if it died in a forest. Oh that reminds me of something funny, the great fire of London? Not a bakery or whatever the main history is, a botched fire dragon hatching. I know right!

So in the magic community there's a meeting every year to decide which college everyone heads off to. This mostly only affects mages. You see we're mostly classed by our main core element, some people have other elements as their main but I'll get to that. The five cores are Fire, Earth, Water, Air and Ice. And here comes the weird part, our core magic doesn't just affect what we're best at casting and manipulating, it actually affects us directly. I'll give you the run down. Fire Mages: typically hotheaded, naturally blonde or red headed and can range from insufferably arrogant (American stereotypical Jock arrogant) to influential and charismatic. Earth Mages: Guy or girl, these buggers are HUGE, and they are ridiculously stubborn, but generally quite friendly. Water Mages: The most easygoing, you'll find it a serious effort to even try to slightly annoy one, and they have a good way of solving issues and disputes. Air Mages: Fucking hilarious, there isn't a single Air Mage I know that isn't likeable, the only fallback is that their typically abit ditzy but you get over that real quick, but when they get pissed off it's like a persona switch, they'll rip you to shreds, verbally or physically. And finally Ice. Fucking. Mages: not only are they the most uncommon of the cores, but they're also always female and absolutely stunning aaaand...you guessed it. As cold as a nuclear winter. Seriously trying to get past that outer personality is way too much effort. and before you think that a Fire Mage could, oh I don't know, (Obnoxiously Cheesy Quote start) melt their hearts (Obnoxiously Cheesy Quote end), they typically end up with people of the other elements just because nobody knows how to deal with them. The reason the cores get split up is because if too many of the same type are in one place then weird shit happens. Last time was too many Air Mages in Northern Ireland and a tornado almost formed. Yeah...a tornado...in Ireland. You see what I mean about weird shit happening.

And know we get to that point at last! (Phew explanations are long aren't they) The 'other' folk. These guys typically have elemental mains that are out of the norm and they're also ridiculously uncommon. The only ones I know personally are me and Gary. The elements could be bloody anything, apparently there was one who specialises in Methane gas manipulation, basically farts. People made fun of him but he apparently teamed up with a Fire Mage and levelled a small town (this was like 150 years ago).

Gary hides himself as a Water Mage but his aspect (their typically called aspects and not elemental powers) is liquid manipulation in general, which is incredibly awesome don't get me wrong. Whereas a Water Mage could say, drop a bubble of water on your head to piss you off, Gary could drop a bubble of Hydrochloric acid on your head if you pissed him off. See. Awesome.

My aspect is Shadows, least that's what my family told me after they freaked out at my first display of my powers. It feels more like it's just control of Darkness overall to me, it's stupid rare which is why my family told me to never tell anyone unless I needed to and got me to pretend I'm a Water Mage, despite me being terrible at it I'm better with water than the other cores. Gary knew, but we've literally been best friends since birth, we were in the same ward and next to each other in the same bed's. You know how I said your main element can affect your personality and stuff? I think knowing Gary is what prevented me from becoming some kinda loner, edge lord, which I'm sure is what my aspect would've done to me. But on the awesome side it still makes me appear all dark and mysterious and shit. Which, despite what people will tell you, chicks and blokes dig. Freshers week is my proof.

Me and Gary hide as biochemical engineering student's but are only on the system for about 1/3 of the lectures and the rest is 'magic class' which is what i was going to be late for right now due to my Dad's bloody phone call.

I went into a strop about the DePleurs and their daughter Carmen. A friggin Ice Mage and the worst one I knew, she was not only a cold bitch but a massive snob, half-French half-Asian buggering C@&t! When we met during the sentinel she managed to annoy the heck out of me by constantly commenting on my terrible Water manipulation, no one else cared but she got a massive kick out of it apparently. And now I have to help her get settled in or some bullshit.

So I was in a strop, and was now running late for my class.

When I finally made it to the little lecture theatre (warded from the plebs by the way hence why you've never 'accidently' walked in on a magic lecture) I found Gary grinning at me like an idiot, evidently pleased that karma decided to bite me in the ass for that ringtone thing. And Carmen DePleur sneering at me like a conceited little...ARGH you get the idea.

"So Mr. Horton you've decided to grace us with your presence.", said the lecturer, Magus Karen Pritchard. "Get to your seat with Mr. Abernathy and we can continue."

I walked up to my seat next to Gary, still grinning like a loon, little bugger. There was a glass of water in front each of us, I looked around and noticed everyone had something different, a rock, a candle, a tray of ice cubes and some with just nothing.

"So for a starter before everyone's split off into exercises is for you to display your name above your head using your given elements, we already have a list of your elements but it will be good for you to know each other well, after all you'll be in all the same classes for the next few years.", Mag. Pritchard almost smirked at that last statement upon seeing my look of horror. Seriously! The same classes everyday with this frozen bitch for the next FOUR YEARS?! I could've cried right then.

There was only eight people in the class,(mages in general are not that common compared to the other races of folk, I think there was about 150 in the entirety of the United Kingdom from the last census) so learning all the names wasn't too hard. Gary and me were the two 'Water' mages. There were two Fire mages, Josh and Kevin, and they both looked like complete twats, near orange skin from tanning beds and those stupid low v-neck t-shirts that for some reason are made for guys to wear. One Earth Mage called Gbenga (Fuck that's a cool name) who looked pretty alright, apart from the fact he looked like he was near 7 feet tall. Two Air Mages, they used fast air currents that made it visible for their names, Gina and Leah, they looked slightly bored and were dressed in long tie dye shirts with short shorts, abit hippy looking with their flowery earrings, they looked similar and given they were also similarly dressed I guessed they were sisters. Finally Carmen, fucking Carmen. She had her name in some fancy calligraphy with the ice, and was looking my way and looked like she was struggling not to laugh.

"So Enc how are things?", Gary said to me smirking slightly. I blanked at him confused for a moment before he pointed up, I looked and noticed that my name had the r and i blended together. I quickly separated the letters and gave the i a dot, but not before one of the Fire mages started chuckling. Great, not even the first 15 minutes of the magic lecture and I was already looking like an incompetent tool.

After the initial introduction we were split into our elements and set to doing super basic forming exercises. We each had to create our element and hold about a square foots worth in front of us in a cube shape. I was struggling slightly since my cube of water looked more like jelly with the way it was quivering, compared to Gary's perfectly formed transparent block.

As soon as the bell rang I was moving to the door, eager to leave. Gary stayed behind to talk to the other mages but I really didn't fancy it after that embarrassment of a class.

I walked out of the lecture theatre and strode towards a nearby stairwell, it was fairly dark since it was late and the lights were switched off here. Perfect. I sighed and let my powers out, relishing in the feeling of the darkness building up around me. Oh yes this was the feeling, better than that water crap. Anyone who looked down the stairs would just see creepy pitch black darkness. I imagined my room, it's door was locked and the blinds always down for this reason. I sank back into the shadows, letting myself go in the darkness.

I appeared in the darkness of my room, luckily having darkness as your aspect means you can see everything in the dark. It's not like a cat's eyes or like night vision, I can see in areas completely void of light, I guess the best way to describe it is that it's like the darkness is another light source to me...or something like that.

Well after that little fiasco I decided the best way to wind down would be to have some fun, I grabbed my phone and called up Kendra. An absolute little brunette treat that I met and got to know during Freshers week. When I say 'got to know' I don't mean that we talked about her family history or her course. Hell I didn't even know her last name. Her perfect little bubble butt however is something that I got reeeally familiar with. I swear I've never seen a more perfect but, not too large at all but it jiggles beautifully and it was a perfect fit for her otherwise lithe frame. The moment she answered I could tell she was about as 'frustrated' as I was.

"Hey baby, it's been a crazy long day for me how about you?"

Damn that girl had a seductive voice.

"Not too bad, just some boring extra classes."

"Well I'm kinda lonely here," she paused a moment, fucking tease. "Aaand my roommates out with her course mates so she'll be back really late. Do you think you could come and keep me company?" I could almost hear the sexy little pout she did when she asked me that question. I didn't even bother to reply. Hanging up and grabbing my keys as I strode out the door on the way to her block.

Upon reaching her block I walked up to the door and hit the intercom. "Ahem, man I think you ordered a booty call.", there was a short pause before a shrill voice answered. "What the fuck you sick twat! Who the fuck is this?!" Oh shit. I could've sworn this was her room number. Then I realised I had dialled the room next to her's by mistake. I quickly replied "Shit sorry love, wrong room.", "Who. The. Fuck. Is. This!", that panicked voice sounded mildly familiar. Instead of answering I quickly dialled up Kendra's room, "Uh hey babe I may have dialled your neighbour by mistake could you let me in real quick?", another pause. Please don't be another wrong room. Was I even in the correct block? Thankfully it was Kendra who answered, "Hmm alright, the new neighbour is a bitch anyways so she probably deserved what I expect was a corny line from you." Hey! It wasn't corny...least not too corny. I quickly ran up to her floor and knocked on her door. The moment I did a little black haired head poked out of the room next door. My jaw could've hit the floor. Fucking Carmen. Could I never be rid of this bitch! Kendra answered the door and saw me gawking to the left and followed my gaze. The moment she noticed Carmen she smirked and pulled me in quickly for a smouldering and I mean SMOULDERING kiss. The moment our lips met we opened our mouths to each other and our tongues found themselves locked in a heated battle. After what felt like an eternity she pulled away. I took one last look at Carmen, oh the look on her face was priceless, before Kendra pulled me into her room.

She pulled all the way to her bedroom before locking her door and shoving me down onto the bed.

"Damn you're eager aren't you?", I asked with a little grin.

"You don't know the half of it. I haven't had a cock in me since last week and I'm starving.", she growled and the proceeded to yank my cargo pants down rather forcefully.

She gave a look that had my straining at my boxers, desperate for attention. I saw a gleam in her eyes as she grinned and started to pull my boxers down too.

She reached down and cupped my balls, fondling them in her palm.

"Have you got plenty saved up in here for me? They seem heavy, let me work out the first load."

She leaned down before giving the underside of my cock and long lick, stopping quickly to lick back and forth along the back of my head. I sighed in contentment and leaned back, relaxing under her masterful tongue's work.

"Ohh that is good.", I exclaimed sighing in pleasure.

She continued to kick up and down my length before capturing the head between her lips and swirling her tongue around the head of my cock. She bobbed up and down the top of my dick before looking up at me and grinning with a mouthful of dick. She winked at me and I could've sworn I saw a flash of...something pass her eyes.

Before I could contemplate this thought she took me into her mouth, my cock hitting the back of her mouth. Then she made a little swallowing sound and I lost all ability to think as my cock entered her tight throat.

I moaned as she continued her way down my cock till my she had nose pressed against my pelvic bone and her lips wrapped tightly around the base of my dick. Her tongue reached out and began flicking at my balls which almost made me lose it right then and there. Kendra bobbed up and down on my dick swallowing it to the base repeatedly before coming up for air. She smiled at me wickedly as I just gazed at her, enamoured with this cock guzzling fiend.

"Now I want you to fuck me."

"Babe after that I won't last long and you know that."

She gave me a wicked smile, "I didn't say for you to fuck my pussy, I just said fuck me." And she simply opened her mouth wide and watched me expectantly.

I didn't wait long, reaching around and grabbing the back of her head whilst locking my fingers in her hair I lowered her down onto my dick. She complied, keeping her mouth open the entire time, her tongue occasionally give me small licks. As soon my cock reached the opening of her throat she swallowed again, and the head of my cock plopped into her throat. I began slowly pumping my cock in her throat, the head plopping in and out of the entrance before bringing her all the way up. She gave me one long suck at the head before letting go.

"You ready.", I growled at her, it was more of a courtesy than a question.

In reply she just smiled at me and opened her mouth again, giving me that same expected look. I plunged cock back into her throat making her gurgle in surprise for a moment, before she hummed in pleasure. This just sent th vibrations all along my cock and I lost control, pounding away at her throat in reckless abandon. I didn't feel guilty since she's basically asked for exactly this, and her moans of pleasure around my cock were not a negative sign.

"Fuck baby I can feel it coming, you read for this you dirty little bitch?", I asked, again as a courtesy more than a real question. All I got in reply was what sounded like a yes, well I guess that's what someone would sound like saying 'Yes!' with a throatful of dick. I buried myself to the hilt as my cum spurted straight into her gullet. She moaned and grabbed my ass, digging her nails in and pulling me deeper, as if it were possible. She swallowed and swallowed, milking my dick of all that it had to give before I released her and collapsed back to the bed.

"Now,", she panted."You can fuck my pussy.", and she began removing her shorts.

She turned around and bent over, spreading her ass cheeks and presenting with a dripping wet flower. I was almost drooling at this sight and leaned in for a taste. She moaned as I licked along her labia, deliberately avoiding her clit and just teasing her.

"Noo, not tongue I want diiick! Please Eric give me that cock."

I ignored her and savoured the treat in front of me, giving her slow licks before I decided that she have abit more. Just a little bit. I stuck two fingers into her pussy and curved them, reaching for that sensitive mound inside. Then I proceeded to attack her neglected clit with my tongue whilst rubbing her g-spot inside.

"Oh fuck baby that feels good! But I want your COCK! Arghhh, you can't stop now thought, don't you DARE fucking STOOOOP!", she shrieked in pleasure as her orgasm overwhelmed her. I stopped the barrage on her clit but continued to rub her inside, prolonging her pleasure for as long as I could. Her legs were quivering now, making her ass jiggle delightfully. After this display I was at full mast again and without a word, stood up and plunged my cock into her sensitive hole.
