 Author's Note:Hey guys, this is my very first submission to literotica.com! I would really appreciate it if you could give me some feedback. This story has been on my mind for a LONG time and now to finally let it out, (and to practice for my English exam) I decided to write it down.I am not sure if this story is going to have sexual content at ALL and I wanted to tell you ,that I am open for suggestions concerning the story. Since English is NOT my native language I am afraid it might be possible, that I am using words in the wrong context or I am making other mistakes .I hope you can forgive me.

Thx for reading ,

your WorldWarWalther.

------------

Our story starts on a small road, surrounded by fields. The blue of the sky is covered by heavy dark-gray clouds. The rain is pouring down and makes the only sound together with the squeaky wheels of the old, ox-drawn cart. The carter and his passenger were completely and utterly soaked and he was completely and utterly pissed. Why did he have to tour right into the middle of no-where to get just one little kid form a village nobody had ever heard of? It was a complete waste of time and if he didn't know that he would be compensated with enough money to buy a whole brothel he was sure he had never accepted the offer. The big man looked over his shoulder. 

"What's so special about the boy, anyway? Normally the Academy doesn't recrute village boys",he thought.

The "boy" couldn't have been older then nine. He had dark, nearly black, long hair and a pale skin tone. Looking very ordinary the only remarkable feature about him were his piercing blue eyes. He sat there in the cart clothed in a rough vest ,woolen pants and a soaked blanket, staring into nothingness. He was shaking but probably not from the cold, but from the shock how he'd been sold to this strange man by his parents for two silver coins. Thinking about the boys situation he pitied him and he felt guilty for not talking to him once this day. 

"Hey boy!" he yelled over the sound of the thunder, 

"You hungry? There's a tavern coming up one mile from here! I think we both can use something to warm to eat." smiling reassuring.

The boy looked at him and nodded ,than he returned to looking miserable again. 

"Why would they do that? How could they do that?" the boy thought to himself, remembering his parents looking overjoyed while taking the two silver coins from this bear of a man. The boy took a closer look at the man and thought again about escaping him. But what for? His parents wouldn't want him back anyway and he had no idea which choice he had left. So he was forced to stay with this man. He could only hope the man had no interest in eating him ,the idea of the man raping him never even coming to his innocent mind. Finally the could see smoke and light on the horizon which meant they only had about half an hour to reach their target. The boy nearly shrieked when he heard an unidentifiable sound realizing it only was the growling of bear man's stomach. 

Eventually the reached the tavern. The man steered the cart in front of the tavern's stable and got of to get inside. Looking back he saw that the boy was still sitting on the cargo area. 

"What's the matter? You wanna sleep outside?" he shouted. 

The startled boy quickly shook his head no.

"Then hurry up!"

The man entered the tavern and the boy quickly followed suit. Inside it was warm and cozy. The whole dining area was empty, except for two suspicious looking men in a corner. A man,probably the owner, came up to the newcomers. He quickly greeted them revealing his crooked teeth. 

"What can I do for you?"

"We need two beds and something to eat and I have two oxes outside who need some hay." bear-man growled handing him some money .

Stealing a glance at the boy the owner made an uneasy smile,obviously trying to find a way of telling him it wasn't enough ,but smart enough not to irritate the intimidating giant.

"Of course my friend." with that he disappeared, already yelling at his cook and the weakly looking boy who desperately tried to look like a waiter. 

The boy and the man quickly settled down near to the fireplace trying to warm their cold bodies. Only moments later the wants-to-be waiter brought them two pints of ale. The thirsty man quickly gulped down half of his drink. Taking a deep breath the boy mustered up all courage he had and asked the question. 

"Why am I here?" he muttered hoping the scary looking fella wouldn't hear it.

"What was that?" the man asked. Of course he heard it, the boy thought. Taking another deep breath the boy asked again:

"Why am I here?" 

The man looked at him like he had just grown wings.

"What do you mean?"

"Where are you taking me?" the boy hissed becoming visibly annoyed.

"To the Academy of course..." 

"What's that?"

Now the man couldn't believe what the boy said. Of course he knew the Academy! He had to! Everybody did! But the boy was still staring at him and waiting for an answer. 

"What's your name, boy?" he asked ,trying to change the subject. 

"Jarko."

"Ok mine's Thorus." with they shook hands Thorus nearly crushing Jarko's.

"So you never heard of the Royal Academy of Magic?"

The boy shook his head. 

"Wow. That's a first!" Thorus laughed. 

"The Academy is the only place in the Royal Empire where it's tought how to use magic. Have you never heard of magic?"

"Well" Jarko said " I've read about it..." 

So at least he learned how to read, Thorus thought. 

"... and most of the time magic is something, that gives the wielder the power to do anything he wants."

"Well I am no expert but from what I know of it it's a bit more complicated." Thorus inclined smiling at Jarko. 

"Probably" Jarko said, becoming a bit more relaxed "but why should this bother me?"

"Well" Thorus said, "you have magical talent, and since normally the academy doesn't even bother to recruit village boys I think you have the potential to become very poweful." Thorus didn't want Jarko to become full of himself, but he didn't want to lie to him either. Jarko just opened his mouth to respond something when the waiter showed up to bring their food. It was some kind of stew with vegetables and some meat. Jarko was amazed. Real meat! He stared in his bowl. Then he remembered how hungry he was and dug in . When he had eaten up he and was able to think again he tought about Thorus words while he ate. He still couldn't grasp what the bearded giant told him. Jarko the farm-boy, a Magus? He thought about what Thorus said. Suddenly a thought struck him.

"how do you know it?"

"How do i know what?" Thorus asked. 

"How do you know that I am to be a powerful Magus? Or that I will be one for that Matter?"

"Well..." Thorus began, " every Magus causes a certain event when his talent is activated."

"Like what?"

"Like a plate flying through the house, for example. The bigger or stranger the event and the younger the Magus is when it happens the stronger he or she is."

Suddenly Jarko was very quiet. 

"What?" Thorus asked, but Jarko still continued to stare so he asked again, "What is it?" and since Jarco wasn't reacting he tried to shake him "awake" 

"Jarko talk to me!" 

"They came at dawn." Jarko said quietly still staring into nothingness. 

"Who?"

"A group of outlaws. I don't know how many of them there were. But they were like a plague. They wanted to slaughter every man ,and capture the women."

"Oh my god, how did your village survive that?"

"Well " Jarko said his voice being nothing more than a whisper, "they were just raiding the first few houses when one of them stabbed one of his comrades, who just wanted to rape a girl, in the back.His friends wanted to stop him but he just kept on gutting his friend. The man wasn't himself and his pupils and irises were gone. He was like a maniac. His friends just stood their shocked, but then another one of them pulled his sword and beheaded the guy next to him, his eyes being only white. After that they were after each other. They kept slaughtering each other until only one of them was left. This last one drove his own fingers in his eyes, without even a single sound. Then he walked away and never returned." 

Jarko became quiet. Thorus looked around to see if the two men in the corner had heard anything and luckily they didn't. 

"What do you remember from that night?" Thorus asked Jarko.

"Well nothing." Jarko said looking at Thorus with this piercing, ice-blue eyes, "I was just born that night."

--------------------------------------------