 Shae's nightly ritual on the plains started with dinner, which she and Kolo had foraged through the day. Kolo would cook while she shaved her legs and the area between with a heat sharpened blade, then kneaded in fragrant oils. The act was the right of passage to womanhood in Maz, first performed on the eve of her first trip into the wide world of men, and it always reminded her of how dangerous womanhood could be. After that, she sat with Kolo by the fire. As they ate Kolo would answer her questions, or he would turn red and shake his head. Over the weeks she had worn him down and he would answer nearly anything she asked. They knew each other well enough that he no longer got embarrassed easily.

She had chosen him on a whim, but Shae had grown fond of Kolo. A virgin when they met, the man took instruction well and was eager to please her, which turned out to be a lucky coincidence because that was what all men should be like but not nearly enough were. She stretched out while Kolo cleaned and packed their utensils, watching the stars.

Once his work was done, Kolo sat down across the fire. "It's your turn," he said.

Shae smiled. "What kind of story would you like to hear tonight?"

"Can you tell the one again about how you and your sisters killed that rogue Riota?"

Shae laughed. "You take your stories seriously, don't you? How about a different kind of story? The kind you and I write together."

Despite his burnt caramel complexion and the sparse orange light of the fire for illumination, Shae could see him blush. He preferred being the storyteller, but he seemed to like her tales, too. He grinned sheepishly, "Okay, set the scene."

"The scene is right here, right now," Shae said, as most of the stories she wrote for them began. "The tall prairie grasses swaying in the wind and the full moon above. The beautiful warrior watches the stars while her man watches her. He watches her stretch out, her fingers brushing her nipple..." Her fingers demonstrated the motion once, then returned to linger, tracing a small circle. 

"She closes her eyes," Shae sighed, closing them. "She reaches down toward her pubic mound. Still hugged tight by her leather shorts, she can already feel how hot her pussy is getting at the thought of her man getting over here and having a little dessert."

Kolo was there by the time she opened her eyes. He didn't do anything yet, but wasn't quite patient as he waited for her to continue her story. He licked his bottom lip in anticipation of his after-dinner snack, and she pulled the knot open in her shorts as she brought her fingers back up toward her breasts. "He yearns for her," she murmured. "The lust in his gaze causes the warrior burn hotter for him, her gash oozing impatiently..."

"You have an astounding vocabulary of synonyms for vagina, do you know that?" Kolo asked. 

"Can I tell this or what?"

"Yeah, sorry," he agreed. "Your gash was oozing impatiently." He glanced at her, smiling as she raised her eyebrow. Bending toward her, he carefully slid her shorts from her round ass and kissed her thigh as he slipped them from around her feet. He licked along it as he bent lower, which made the warrior shudder. He was learning very well; she had the feeling she was going to hold onto this one for a while. 

Carefully pulling her panties aside, he leaned down for a taste, only teasing so far. "You are oozing," he whispered to her pussy. "But Gash is such a harsh word for such a delicate and beautiful thing."

Shae's body shifted and her lower lips went against his. She loved what he could do with his mouth. When he told the story she was a legendary warrior of old and he was her true love, and though his romantic storytelling made her burn for him, this was the thing his mouth was best at. Through instruction, Kolo had learned all the tricks that could please a woman. He would make some other woman a very serviceable husband someday. 

For now, he pressed on with all the knowledge she had given him, reading her signals flawlessly as he worked her clit with his tongue, lapping along it then twirling his tongue around. As her hips turned toward him, he sucked gently on it and inserted a finger into her.

"Mm," Shae agreed, rolling her hips to encourage him. "He's getting awfully good at this."

Kolo added a finger, thrusting as he licked and sucked, her pussy getting hotter and wetter. His hair was too short for a decent grip, but he knew what it meant when she tried to grab it and reported for their kiss, spreading the juice from one set of lips to another. Their mouths met deeply and messily as his fingers continued their work, rubbing her clitoris and stroking along her labia, two or three disappearing intermittently into her glistening snatch. As they emerged again he could feel her peak coming and focused on her clit until he brought her to back-arching climax. She cried out, putting her hand over his, and he gently pulled them back. She smiled at him, then kissed him again. Sometimes that would be enough, and he knew not to push for more, but tonight's story wasn't over yet.

"This story has been great so far," she whispered. "But I'm just warming up."

"I'm ready," he assured her, kissing her again. He reached for her breast and slipped his hand into her shirt, taking her nipple gently between his forefinger and thumb. 

Shae reached for his manhood, which wasn't big but was very energetic. She gripped it softly and slowly rolled her fingers along it to make it bulge as it rubbed against her palm. 

"Shae I know you don't want to hear it, but I really love you," he whispered. "It's not just this..."

"Yes it is."

"No it isn't. I only tell you when we're doing this, because my passions consume me, but I always feel it. I worship you. If they tell our story in a hundred years, you'll be a goddess."

"Goddesses can have lots of worshipers," she reminded him. "What if I wanted to do 'this' with someone else?"

Kolo frowned. 

"The warrior prepares to mount her lover," Shae murmured. She kissed him softly and his momentarily flagging erection rebounded. "Her hips sway, drawn to his, her pussy glistens. Begging him to penetrate her, she climbs on top of him, and grips his cock with her hand to guide it to Maron's Wellspring. He can feel how slick it is, how wet her pussy must be, how hot and ready.

"'Fuck me, Kolo,' she sighs. 'Your penis is the greatest in all the land, may I place it into my vagina?'"

Kolo laughed softly. "By all means."

"She takes him firmly to guide his cock. It slips in with a sigh," Shae sighed deeply, and so did he. "Oh, two sighs. He begins to thrust up from the ground." 

She sighed again as he continued acting out her story. "He swirls his hips, the passion growing in his cock and his heart. He grips her thighs, pulling tighter every time he fills her and he continues pounding her as she leans forward. She kisses him." Shae kissed him deeply as he faithfully pounded. His stamina was really improving.

Shae smiled as she moved her lips away, but their faces remained six inches apart. "She rides him like a steed of legend, when suddenly there's a little rustle in the bushes."

Kolo looked left, then right, concerned. 

Shae put her hand to his face to guide his eyes back to hers. "Just close your eyes and imagine it."

Kolo settled himself a little, then closed his eyes.

"The warrior ignores it, lost in the pleasure as her lover thrusts deeper, harder. She cries out again! 'Ah, Ah! Give it to me, give it to me! I've wanted you in me since the moment we met, give it all to me now!'" 

Shae reached for her sword, and continued her ride with Kolo doing most of the work. She unscrewed the handle from the crossbar and took the nine inch cylinder with the rounded bulge at one end, setting the blade and guard aside. She kissed him again and drew away panting, her excitement climbing as she planned her story. 

"Suddenly, a hard object presses against her ass, and she feels the heat of another man behind her. He places his hand around her throat as he leans to whisper in her ear.

"'I felt your desire,' he tells her. 

"'No, I'm with Kolo now,' she replies, but her excitement at the idea of his cock is impossible to deny.

"'You took him from me, and that annoyed me, but maybe the three of us can find a way to get along.'

"She presses closer to her lover, but almost unconsciously she turns her ass up at the Stranger who began to caress it as Kolo continues to pump. Harder."

Kolo began to pump harder, and his eyes remained closed, but he looked vaguely troubled.

"'That's not good enough for me,' the stranger whispered, his breathy voice like caramel melting through ice cream. His fingers slide across her sopping cunt and deposit the juices on her asshole as his cock presses harder against the cheek." Here Shae's fingers substituted for the Stranger's, and they rubbed her asshole as she slapped the wooden rod against her ass. 

"Suddenly he pushes her up, letting Kolo's rigid, throbbing staff fall free. He pulls her toward him, turning her around, and kisses her deeply, all the while lifting her carefully back onto Kolo's dick. This time it's guided... pressed up against a tighter space and he swirls against it hard. Yes, that's it! He pushes it in all the way."

"Oh god!" cried Kolo. 

"Yes, it's so tight, swallowing his cock eagerly, when the stranger leans in close again. He takes her in his arms, his throbbing head playing around her clit, to her wet hole and back again, teasingly. 

"'You really want it, but do you think you can handle my seed?' he asks.

"'Yes!' she cries. She grinds her ass against her faithful lover, around him, all the while silently begging for the Stranger to do as he has dreamed of as he marvelled at the warrior's exquisite beauty. Finally he does."

Shae cried out as she pushed the handle into her pussy, the carved vines that wrapped it slid one by one into her eager snatch, and gave it a solid swirl around. "He finally takes her, and Kolo can feel it as he pushes himself deep into her trembling love canyon, can't he?"

"Oh, my god," Kolo muttered, throwing his head back and willing himself not to come yet, but she could feel his ecstasy mounting with hers as she closed her eyes, too. 

The rod in her hand pressed up against Kolo's, rubbing against it through the sensitive skin inside and Shae rocked in her movements, pushing her handle deeper. "She's so fucking full!" Shae cried, increasing the motions of her hips and the dildo. "Kolo reaches around her as she leans back, finding her clit with his two first fingers and.. oh, yes! He rubs her harder as he thrusts into her tight ass, stretching it, setting it ablaze with sensation! 

"'Harder! Harder!' she cries, and both Kolo and the Stranger push their cocks harder, deeper. Both pant and drool as they watch her ass, her bouncing breasts. The stranger grasps her tit with one hand as he leans closer, bites her neck tenderly..."

Shae threw her head back, bouncing faster on the flesh cock as she turned the Stranger slowly, drawing it out so she could shove it back in. "Pressed between the two men, the warrior writhes in pleasure. 

'''I want your seed so badly,' the warrior whispers. 'I've always wanted it; I dreamed of it before I even met you. I want it gushing inside, filling that tight space until it overflows.'

"The warrior speeds up again and Kolo grows harder than ever, stretching her ass with his eager cock. He keeps thrusting in time with the stranger, filling her so tight... yes, Kolo, deeper! Fuck, that's good!"

Kolo pushed his cock deeper, the tightness of an already tight orifice increased by the movements of the other rod. She could feel him tense and he reached his limit and could feel the hot cum rushing into her ass. She increased the movement of the stranger as he spasmed to make up for his fingers pausing below her clit. She ground against him, until his fingers moved again. With pussy full, she leaned back to lower the angle of the Stranger's thrusts until her climax came. 

She screamed as her hips turned up, Kolo's cock coming free as she shook, but the furious clenching of her muscles during the orgasm kept her butt tight and all his cum neatly swallowed. She knelt over him, panting, shuddering as she pictured the Stranger panting, too, bending to her to kiss her neck and send another wave of shivers across her skin. She shuddered as she removed it, and sat heavily next to Kolo.

He hugged her around the waist.

She lay down next to him to feel his warmth, and kissed him softly. "Did you enjoy that story?" she whispered.

"Mm," he replied. "That was... pretty incredible, but I can't get over the feeling that we just had sex with Rowe."