 Well hello dear reader! The pre-exams are over and right now I am a free man ( or boy ) again. I hope the wait was worth it and I present you very proudly the third installment of the "Shaman Chronicles".

Sincerely

WorldWarWalther

P.S. I really want to thank you guys for the awesome feedback you gave me and I hope your mind doesn't screem "HARRY POTTER" anymore when you read my stories. Also I want to thank A.L. for editing and having my back. You really are the best :D

Now I have nothign more to add and I wish you a happy time reading.

------------

Jarko and Thorus hurried over the fields in front of the Academy-walls. Jarko couldn't hide his excitement. He was going to be a Magus! He spurred his black stallion to go faster. Soon he and Thorus were flying over the fields. It didn't took them long to reach a small village which was lying right in front of the Academy. Thorus stopped at a middle sized house, that was a little isolated from the village. It was wooden and had a small garden with various vegetables and herbs. Smoke was coming out of its chimney. Jarko and Thorus dismounted their horses. 

"Welcome to my humble estate!" Thorus smiled. "I propose we let the horses rest and get you inside of the Academy. I promise my wife will take good care of..."

"THORUS!" a female voice yelled from inside the house, startling the big man. He and Jarko turned around to see a red haired woman come out of the house. She wasn't very tall but taller than most women. She was about thirty years old and a little chubby. And she clearly looked pissed. 

"I am gonna beat you into a pulp you goddamn piece of shit! What were you thinking?"

Jarko looked at Thorus and saw something he had never guessed. The bearded giant was afraid of a woman he outweighed by nearly hundred pounds! 

"How is that possible?" Jarko thought looking at Thorus who held up his hands defensively.

"You were supposed to be here days ago! If you're mother would be with us she would..." that's when she noticed Jarko. Flabbergasted she looked at the boy. 

"Honey who's that?" she asked looking at Thorus. 

Honey? She was his wife! Jarko nearly burst out laughing! His friend, armorer of the Academies guard and ex-soldier didn't wear the pants at home. Jarko had to stifle a laugh. 

"Darling. That's Jarko, he needs to be in the Academy very soon because he is going to be a apprentice." Thorus said very carefully. 

"Oh really?" Thorus' wife asked. Looking at Jarko questioning. 

"And why didn't you tell me when you went to get him?"

"I didn't know back then..." Thorus said trying not to enrage her any more. 

"Hmph." she said turning around and walked back to the house. 

"You two better come inside I made something to eat. And by the way, I'm Bella" she yelled over her shoulder. Before she could get an arm's reach behind her Thorus grabbed her picked her up and planted a big kiss on her lips. 

"I missed you." he whispered. 

"Of course you did you big dork now let me down!" she laughed. "And you two better take a bath, you smell like horse shit!" With that she disappeared inside. 

Thorus looked after her with a dreamy face. 

"You know what's funny" Jarko said and the big man turned around. 

"I always thought my father got nothing to say at home but you..." Jarko snickered.

"You're laughing now. I wanna see you laugh when we're training tonight." Thorus smiled, which caused Jarko to suddenly loose his smile. 

"Now c'mon boy the lady said we're smelling. You don't wanna smell when you're tested now do ya?" 

Jarko quickly shook his head and the two of them headed to the near river to take a bath. 

------------

When the two of them were finished and smelled like humans again, they quickly got inside the house to eat. They sat down next to Bella. Jarko and Thorus were famished and wanted to start eating when they both received a slap on their hands with Bella's wooden spoon. 

"Now now, you two had better tell me all about your journey and why you're so late."

Jarko wanted to protest, but he knew it would be a bad idea to piss of Bella AND receive the beating from Thorus tonight. The boy and the man sighed and started talking. Of course Thorus left out the fact that they had slept in a brothel and he and Jarko both didn't tell Bella about the bandits. Bella listened carefully. She definitely knew Thorus left something out. The boy was a mystery to her but she knew her husband long enough to notice, when he lied. She also knew he wouldn't lie without a reason and that he'd tell her eventually. He always did. 

"So quite the uneventful journey. Or did you meet any new friends?" Bella asked seeing the two men cringe. Now there it is she thought to herself. 

"Ok now let's eat so the boy can go to the Academy." 

------------

When they finished eating Thorus took Jarko to the Academy. They walked through the village past the gates inside the Academy's territory. Jarko still couldn't grasp how BIG everything was. When they were inside he saw a wall right in the middle of the area separating two complexes except for the biggest tower that was standing at the center . 

"Thorus, what's that wall doing there." he asked his giant companion.

"Well it separates the complex of the Magi and the Magae."

"Why would you do that?" Jarko wondered. 

"Usually Magae are taught other stuff then Magi. For example Magi never learn how to heal since they really suck at it. Also the sleeping accommodations and research facilities are separated." Thorus explained.

"But why the wall?" Jarko asked. 

"So no little Magi like you can seduce and corrupt some innocent noble Magaes." Thorus laughed. 

They stopped in front of a big building. 

"So in there you gonna be tested." Thorus wanted to turn around when Jarko stopped him.

"Aren't you going to come with me?" Jarko asked him in shock. 

"No only Magi, those who want to be one and guards on duty are allowed." Thorus replied. 

He hugged the frightened looking boy. 

"Shh" he said trying to soothe the boy "you are going to be fine. They won't try to hurt you. Do you trust me?"

Jarko nodded. 

"Ok. Now go in and surprise them." Thorus smiled. Jarko nodded again took a deep breath and went in. 

------------

The floor in the room he entered was from white marble. Somehow it was bright as day despite the missing windows. 

"Magic" Jarko thought. 

At the end of the room between two pillars was a desk with a man sitting behind it he looked around forty, had short brown hair and was sorting through files. 

Jarko walked up in front of the desk. 

"I want to be a Magus." he said carefully. 

"Of course you do." the man said harshly continuing to sort files. 

"I was told I would be tested." Jarko said, more forcefully. 

"You are." the man said still not looking up. 

Jarko pondered about that for a while. 

"Surprise them." a voice in his head said. It sounded old and wise.

Of course that was what Thorus had said. But how. Jarko became even more nervous. He stood there just doing nothing waiting for the man to do something. He was so helpless. But what could he do? He was becoming angry at himself. If what Thorus said was true he was one of the most powerful Magi living and yet he felt as useless as a newborn. 

"You know you're not" 

Again this voice! Was he getting crazy? He was becoming angrier and angrier when he suddenly felt an odd feeling welling up. Like something was trying to get outside of him. Nearly overwhelming. 

"That's your magic! Use it!" 

With that Jarko hold up his hands and pictured an image in his mind. Suddenly all the light in the room disappeared. It was like the darkest night had set in. 

"I SAID I WANT TO BE BECOME A MAGUS!" a voice deep and loud like thunder and angry said. 

"NOW WHERE IS MY TEST?!" the voice said impatiently. With that the light was there again as quickly as it vanished. Jarko just stood there and looked at the man behind the desk. The man looked up and smiled. 

"Now that was impressive!" he said and stood up. 

"I am Master Rufus. What's your name?" 

"Jarko." the little boy said "Did I pass the test, Master Rufus?"

"Well of course!" Rufus said. 

"The first one anyway. But don't be sad about it I think you'll pass the rest easily." The man said reassuringly. 

"Which family did you say you come from?" Master Rufus asked when the front door opened loudly. 

"None that you know of, Master Rufus."

Jarko turned around to see a man come in. He was tall and looked about thirty years old. His hair had a dark grey colour and he was quite handsome. He also had a strange aura like he looked so young, and still full of wisdom. 

"Headmaster Zodus." Rufus said and bowed down. Jarko quickly followed suit. So this was the headmaster of the Royal Academy of Magic. Jarko had expected some one... older. But he bowed down anyway. 

"To answer your question Master Rufus the boy isn't noble or anything. He is a farm-boy. Now go and gossip around if you want to but please leave us alone. I am going to test this one." 

Master Rufus bowed down again and quickly left the room. Headmaster Zodus sat down behind the desk and with a snap of his fingers he materialized another chair. 

"Please sit down Jarko." he said and folded his hands. 

Jarko sat down looking into the grey eyes in front of him.

"You have some questions I assume and I understand. But first I am going to ask some of my questions and tell if you lie, ok?" Zodus asked him. Jarko could only nod. 

"Alright" the headmaster smiled. 

"Now how old are you Jarko?" 

"I am nine years old." 

"Where do you come from?" 

"A small farm in Arcadia." 

"Who taught you how you could turn off this lights?" Zodus asked gesturing around. 

"No one." Jarko answered truthfully. 

"You're not lying!" the headmaster exclaimed and frowned. 

"Why would I?" Jarko asked with a confused look on his face. 

"I enchanted the walls of this building myself. And I am not one to brag but I am probably the most powerful being on this school. So how could a unexperienced farm-boy turn them off with no effort at all?" Zodus asked leaning over the desk. 

Jarko could only shrug. How would he know? Zodus leaned back and folded his hands again. 

"When did your event take place?" Zodus asked Jarko. 

"Six months ago." Jarko lied. He didn't know why probably he just wanted to test Zodus. 

"You're lying." Zodus said with smile on his face. 

"And how would you know?" Jarko asked smiling back. He enjoyed this game between far too much. 

"Did you never wondered how Thorus knew were he had to go to find you? A village he had never heard of before?" 

Jarko had indeed wondered about that, but he tried to act unsurprised. 

"I can imagine you're about to tell me..." he said coldly. Zodus smiled at his behaviour and continued. 

"I meditate quite often. I try to set my mind into a state where I can freely roam around the world, all mentally. You're going to learn about that process when you're behaving like a good little student." The headmaster said grinning like a Cheshire cat. 

"So I was in this particular state of mind traveling around ,when I felt a strong magical presence. You." 

Zodus made a dramatic pause to let that sink in. Eventually he continued his story.

"Of course I didn't think about it being a Magus. It was far too isolated and a little-bit too strong for it as well. I send out several Magi to see if it was some kind of anomaly like a portal or something, because it made me quite uneasy. They all found nothing. That was about two years ago.That's when I first felt your presence. Of course I set out a bounty for the person that would bring me hints and everyone was lying about it trying to get that bounty, until one day a blind man was coming here." 

Jarko felt a shiver running up his spine. He could already see where this story was heading. But Zodus continued anyway, with his grey eyes nearly burning into Jarko's 

"He told us about a raid he tried to commit with some of his friends nine years ago. And about a certain event that let it come to an abrupt end. Can you imagine what I am hinting, Jarko?"

Jarko nodded. 

"Do you want me to continue this story?" Zodus asked. 

Jarko shook his head. 

"Good. Now let's continue with our questions, shall we?" Zodus asked with a smile on his face. Jarko nodded again. 

"Now did anything out of the ordinary happen when you and Thorus were coming here?"

Jarko looked up at him and took a deep breath. 

"No lying?" he asked Zodus. 

"No lying." the headmaster confirmed. 

"I killed a man." Jarko said with a straight face. 

"Why?" Zodus asked him back, not even remotely surprised. 

"He would have killed Thorus and me afterwards."

"And how would you be able to kill a grown-up man?" 

Jarko just took his dagger and put it on the desk. 

"I see. And what was your reaction to this little kill of yours?" 

"I asked Thorus to train me." Jarko answered. Zodus looked at him searching for a hint that he was lying. When he didn't find one ,he giggled. 

"And I thought you wanted to be a Magus and not a swordsman." Zodus said. 

"Why not both?" Jarko retorted dryly. 

"That's one perspective I guess. Now what are your questions?"

Jarko just wanted to ask him about his future test when the voice came up again. 

"Age" it said. 

"How old are you?" Jarko asked the headmaster ,looking him dead in the eye. 

"Why would you want to know that?" Zodus asked trying to evade the question. 

"The voice inside my head told me to, now answer." Jarko asked still not lying. 

"Which voice?" 

"Answer." 

"As you wish. I am thirty-one." 

"He is lying." the voice said

"You're lying." Jarko said. 

Zodus said nothing for a moment. He just stared at Jarko. Then he gave in. 

"I forgot." he said defeated and looked down. 

"That's enough for the moment. Now, you said something about other tests?" Jarko said. The headmaster looked up and smiled at the boys ambitious behaviour. 

"Of course." he said, "but let's go outside for the next one." 

Zodus stood and Jarko quickly followed suit.

------------

They left the building and strolled over the Academies campus. It was early spring afternoon. The sun was shining high upon the sky, dipping the whole area in white light. Jarko walked next to Zodus along the gravel-paths connecting the different schoolbuildings. The young boy watched the other students, some were sitting under trees hunched over their books and trying to learn a new way to cast some spells, others were rushing from building to building so they wouldn't miss the next lesson. Jarko suddenly felt a feeling of peace washing over him. If he'd pass the next test (or tests) he would be one of them. This thought alone made him feel like he accomplished the biggest obstacle. Eventually he realized that they reached a huge wooden construction. They passed through the gates and Jarko saw an arena. It was a giant circle and in the middle of it a rectangle of sand. The sand-filled area was surrounded by a shimmer. It seemed like the air was see-through yet it wasn't. 

"That's a shield" 

Jarko sighed. Again this voice! Maybe he was going crazy.

"These are the duel grounds." Zodus said, "an arena for Magi and those who want to be. Here are the battles taking place once a year. I think when you are more advanced you will be one of the top candidates." Zodus smiled turning to Jarko. 

"But that's not what we're here for." he said and walked through the magical shield causing it to move like he had thrown a stone into a lake. Jarko followed him passing through it too. 

"Do you remember the feeling when you were shutting off the lights?" Zodus asked. 

Jarko thought a short moment before answering very hesitantly. 

"Yes." 

"What was it like?" 

"I was angry at Rufus..."

"That's Master Rufus for you if you want to be a student here." Zodus stated calmly but firmly. 

"Of course headmaster." Jarko said bowing his head. "I was angry at Master Rufus since he'd just ignore me. Then I was angry at myself for being unable to do anything and suddenly that feeling welled up. Like something was flowing through me and wanted to get out. I just pictured something in my mind to surprise Master Rufus." 

"Surprise him you did!" Zodus chuckled. 

"You forgot the role I played, boy." The voice said trying to get Jarkos attention. 

'If I tell him about you he'll think I am crazy for sure!' Jarko thought to the voice. 

"You already did, forgot about it?" 

the voice answered , and Jarko was sure he heard the smile on its face. Did it even have a face? Jarko shook his head, silencing the voice and getting this absurd thoughts out of his face. Zodus looked at him a with a raised eyebrow, though he didn't said anything about it. 

"Did you feel exhausted after it?" he asked instead. 

"Err... No I didn't. Should I?" Jarko asked back. 

"I guess regarding the sheer amount of magical energy you have I shouldn't be surprised. Still you ought to felt at least a little bit of exhaustion. Anyway that sensation you felt was your magic. Of course it were rage and frustration causing it. As usual." 

Zodus was looking at Jarko like he was just deciding what to do. Finally he sighed and spoke again. 

"Ok Rufus and I kind of lied to you. Normally there wouldn't be any more tests. But you aren't a normal case since you aren't noble. Because in that case you would have learned how to channel your magic without using emotions as the conductor from your family or the house Magus if your family were rich. Since you will be attending your first lesson tomorrow I was going to let one of our Masters or even an Arch-Master teach you. But I can't resist my curiosity so I'll do it myself." Zodus smiled. Jarko was taken aback.

'Does that mean every other new student already learned about magic before coming here and what I did back then with Rufus was just pure luck?' Jarko thought to himself, suddenly becoming self-conscious. 

"Not just luck." the voice in Jarko's head said. 

'Didn't I just tell you to shut up?' Jarko thought back to the voice. He concentrated on Zodus again and realized that the man was waiting for an answer. Jarko smiled.

"Well what are we waiting for?" Jarko said grinning.

Zodus just laughed, he was still impressed how ambitious the boy was. He started to actually like him. 

"Alright Jarko. Let's start." 

He walked over to Jarko and took both of his hands in his. 

"You feel that?" He asked Jarko.

Jarko nodded his magical energy was in motion again. It wasn't trying to break out like last time though. 

"Ok" , Zodus said and let go of the boys hands. "Now you do it by yourself."

Jarko nodded again and closed his eyes. It took a while till he could feel it again. Just this time it was so weak he nearly didn't feel it. 

"You're trying to force it. For you it has to be like moving one of your toes, you always knows where it is and you set it in motion."

Jarko didn't want to admit it, but the voice was right.He stopped. He closed his eyes, breathed in and out slowly. Then he tried again. Jarko knew the feeling and tried to set his magic in motion. This time it came like the first time. Again the young Magus tried to hold it back. When he failed he panicked some of it got out and he quickly thought of a way to let it happen without hurting neither him or Zodus. 

"THE SHIELD IDIOT!" the voice yelled. 

Jarko quickly turned around hold up one of his hands. He was knocked back into the sand when a huge blast of pure energy escaped his hand. Sparks flew into the air when it connected with the shield. Jarko just lay in the sand breathing heavily, not from exhaustion but from shock. He saw Zodus' smiling face entering his view. 
