 This story deals with nonconsensual hypnosis, very mild suffocation and biting play, and rude camping etiquette.

~ ~ ~ ~

Larya had never been much of a cat person before she'd met Lim.

"Nuh," she gasped, squirming in place, shivers skittering up and down her back.

Lim looked down at her, smiling playfully. "Nuh?" she cooed, wriggling atop her prone lover, causing the cool tent canvas beneath them to crinkle slightly.

"I mean—" Larya struggled desperately to muster clear speech, staring back up at Lim in helpless arousal. She almost couldn't think straight right now. "Yes. Y-yes, yes, that's g-good..."

"Who's your good kitty?" Lim cooed. The redheaded fey lapped at Larya's breast tenderly with her slightly rough tongue. They were such tiny, kittenish licks, Larya couldn't control herself—she squirmed needily.

"You!" she whimpered. Her dark hair spread in a halo beneath her head, striking against the rusty red canvas. She bit her lip hard, trying desperately to hold in her cries, to not scream like a wanton cambion as the tongue played delicately—oh, so delicately—with her sensitive nipple. And Lim's fingers weren't making it easy. "Lim, Lim, please..."

"I'm your kitty?" The catgirl snuggled up against her, playful, affectionate, oblivious to her near-babbling need. "I'm your good, good kitty?" She beamed up at Larya, purring loudly as she nuzzled her neck, and for a moment they were just two warm bodies on a chilly evening in early spring, nestled in their blankets in a one-person tent. It would have been a sweet, intimate moment.

Except Lim was still tormenting Larya's pussy with those delicate, teasing strokes, even as her innocent grin widened.

Larya whimpered and squirmed feebly, helpless to look away from those eyes. She felt Lim's pert nipples pressing against her chest, felt Lim's tongue lapping along her jawline, and breathed out, "Yes, Lim. You're my good, good kitty."

Lim winked and gave Larya a peck on the cheek. "Thanks, giggledove!" She started kissing and licking Larya's neck. Her fingers continued their slow, teasing attentions. "So you don't mind if your... good kitty wants to, um... play a li'l, I hope?"

The wicked mirth in her voice made Larya's pussy positively drip.

Larya's eyes widened. "Lim!" But the catgirl was giggling as her fingers continued to lazily spiral around Larya's clit, never quite touching it, long little teasing touches and tickles, around and around. Larya's breath caught. "Lim, p-please... pretty please? Lim, c-come on. Lim. Lim!"

Lim just purred loudly. "What's wrong?" Larya heard and felt her soft voice resonate against her ear, and she trembled as shivers of pleasure ran up her neck. "You're squeaking like a mouse!"

Larya's cheeks were burning. Lim always, always did this, every time they hooked up. Which they did every time she tagged along on one of Larya's and Alrek's quests. "Lim, come on, you know I don't lik—"

"Don't like?" Lim gave her neck a long lick. "Ooh, but you always make such charming noises! Don't you want a little... anticipation?" She licked again. "Isn't it so cute to just... beg?"

That tone of voice melted Larya's dignity like candy on the woodstove. As the fingers tickled around her clit, her breath let out in a whimper, and she knew she would do anything to get Lim to just make her come.

"Lim," Larya whined, "I neeeeed—"

She squeaked as Lim gave her neck a little nibble.

As the teeth grazed her skin—sharp and pointy, but gentle, careful not to actually break the skin—a strange feeling filled Larya. A feeling of familiarity. Of longing. Of... sleepiness...

Larya's mind skipped a beat.

Her breath left her.

Memories flowed through her dreamy, empty mind like slow rivers of amber syrup. She remembered being locked in coils. Held so tightly, so safe, so submissive. She remembered being locked in pleasure, quivering, locked in beautiful spiraling eyes as...

... as something...

... oh, the gentle nibbles, so delicate, so erotic, the whispers in her ear as the little stings turned into molten, idiotic happiness...

"Larya?"

Larya didn't notice her mouth hanging open. She didn't notice anything. She just shivered, lost in the memory of a growing tightness, a growing sense of... dreaminess...

"Larya!"

Larya started slightly. She found she was staring into Lim's pretty green eyes. The catgirl looked confused.

"Mm?" Larya managed. She realized Lim had stopped fingering her. She was puzzled, but also a bit bothered, longing to return to that strange, warm place.

"You tranced out." Lim's ears were slightly flattened, and Larya realized she was worried. "Went absolutely still and just started... sighing."

Larya blinked. "Oh."

She swallowed. The memory of the coils made her squirm slightly, but she tried to mask it. She did not want Lim knowing about... that. "Really? I, um, feel fine."

Lim frowned. "Really?"

"Mm. Yeah." Larya nodded, and subconsciously found herself tilting her head slightly, baring the neck Lim had been kissing, licking, and... biting. She licked her lips, finding them dry. "I'm fine."

All she could think about was getting back to the trance. Part of her knew she should feel bad about that, but... it wasn't like Lim had to know, right? And maybe Lim wouldn't bite her again. Maybe. It wasn't like Larya wanted that, not really, so hopefully Lim wouldn't. Hopefully.

Larya tilted her head a little more and presented her neck to Lim's puzzled gaze, biting her lip.

Lim regarded her curiously a moment. Larya let her eyes half-close, just to avoid giving Lim the chance to read her. Her heart quickened slightly as the catgirl seemed to give in and drop back down, her hair brushing by Larya's neck a moment before her warm breath.

"So," Lim whispered, her voice soft, "as I was saying..."

She gave Larya's neck a nibble, and Larya felt sharp teeth, hot breath. She fell, with guilty eagerness, once more into the dream.

Larya stared in wonder as she felt the poison trickling through her foggy, dreamy mind. She could almost feel her thoughts melting away, turning into little pink hearts swirling around inside her head.

Kaari rose back to eye level, her smile wide, her eyes beautiful spiraling galaxies. Larya's lips parted, letting out a happy sigh.

Her tongue flicked out and tickled Larya's lips. Nothing but a whine escaped Larya's open mouth. "Sssso ssssilly," Kaari whispered smugly, her fingers tracing the outline of a little nibblemark on Larya's breast. The grip around Larya tightened slightly, as her eyes drew Larya deeper and deeper into those wonderful spirals. "Ssso easy."

Larya sighed and smiled up into the spirals. "Ooh."

Kaari licked Larya's lips again."Would you like another, my sssweet?" she hissed. "Another little... kisssss?"

Larya tried to muster words as the tongue flicked over her cheek. Her eyes were wide, drawn endlessly into those crystalline spirals...

"Larya! Hey!" Snap. "Larya, c'mon!"

Larya blinked. Lim was glaring down at her, clearly frustrated.

Reality trickled back into Larya as she realized she was very, very close to coming. Kaari's voice echoed in her head, exquisite, irresistible.

"Did I do it again?" she asked, her voice very small.

Lim nodded. "Do you wanna stop?" she asked, head tilting. An ear flicked. "Or... do you wanna use it? I know you really like that whole hypno thing."

Larya's cheeks were hot, and not just because there was a warm, slender catgirl on top of her. Lim always liked to make fun of her for 'the whole hypno thing'—not that Lim was any great willpower herself. Larya always liked to remind her of the incident with the Green Twins in the jungles last year.

But Lim didn't... crave it like Larya did. Lim liked the sex, and she liked the domination (and submission, though she rarely admitted it), but the mind control was more just a tangent for her. She wasn't patient enough for it.

Larya swallowed. "I... I don't know."

Oh, gods, how she wanted to say 'yes'. But was that a good idea? The idea of Lim sending her into wonderful, blissful trance, making her nice and submissive before licking her out...

But it wasn't Lim sending her into trance. It was Kaari.

"Do you have any idea why it's happening?" Lim asked. She was still lying on top of Larya, seemingly oblivious to how this might make the current conversation difficult. "Is this... new?"

Larya chewed her lower lip. "It's... it was a few weeks ago. I got caught up with a... lamia." She hated how Lim's eyes lit up at that. "I got caught up, and she bit me. Poisoned me. Paralyzed me." She shivered. "Played with me."

"... and so now whenever I bite you," Lim said softly, thoughtfully, "you get all silly. And sleepy."

"Y-Yes."

"You're thinking of her." Lim giggled, leaning in. "Your little lamia playmate. And her spiraling eyes?"

Larya squirmed. "Cut it out," she complained.

"Ooh, Larya," Lim purred, "are you entranced by my eyes? How they spiral around? Around and around and around?" She bobbed her head like a snake. "Wheeee."

Larya suppressed a giggle, even as she felt the fingers slipping between her legs again. "You better not," she whispered. "We mustn't. If we play with it, it might... reinforce her conditioning."

She tried to convince herself to say 'Furball' then. She really did. One word and Lim would be off, and Larya could sleep easy, responsibly.

But as Lim leaned in closer, Larya found the word dying on her lips.

It would feel so good... what was wrong with a little play? Lim never wanted to play with hypno.

"Don't worry, mouse," the catgirl cooed, as her finger tickled Larya's clit and made her jump. "If the gopher snake comes by, your kitty will protect you. I just... want... a taste."

"No," Larya whined. "No no no, I can resist..." You're just baiting her now. Say the safeword, say it—say it, you dumbass.

"Ressssissst thissss?" Lim asked with a teasing, exaggerated hiss. Larya was humiliated at how wet that voice made her.

Larya steeled herself. Responsible. She had to be responsible. Had to resist temptation. Had to be good. A good girl.

She opened her mouth to squeak out the word...

... and hesitated.

Had to... to be a good girl...

Then Lim's teeth grazed her neck, and Larya happily lost herself to sighing bliss.

~ ~ ~ ~

Later that night, Lim left the tent and went for a little stroll, her smile big enough to swallow a canary. She was dressed in a plain brown skirt and white shirt—Larya's clothes, which were honestly a bit big on her. Lim didn't mind her own barely-long-enough-to-be-called-a skirt normally, but in this weather, she had goosebumps.

"Finally," she heard a rough voice growl. She glanced over with a grin, noticing Snatch lurking in the bushes. The sturdy fellow was leaning on his scythe, clearly very tired. "My watch ended, like, an hour ago, cat."

Oh, right. The watch.

"Ah, real sorry, there." Lim gave a bashful nod. "Larya and I... well, you know how it is."

"I wouldn't if you two weren't so goddamn noisy."

Lim beamed with pride. "You're always free to join us, love!" she chirped, as Snatch stalked back toward his tent.

"I don't fool around with my coworkers." He paused, giving a snort. "Or their cats."

Lim giggled and hummed, rolling her eyes as he disappeared into the tent. Larya always said she and Snatch were strictly working together on a tolerance basis, and looked quite queasy whenever Lim suggested they try anything more. But Larya was as bi as a bittern, and Lim had definitely seen Snatch fall for women, at least. And they were both easy on the eyes.

Lim didn't get it. If you got along with somebody well enough to travel together, and you were the right gender and all that boring stuff, why wouldn't you fuck?

She smirked slightly, disappearing into the trees to begin the patrol (she'd actually forgotten Snatch wanted them to trade off on watches, but hey, as long as she was up and about, why not make the watch a bit more mobile?).

Maybe Larya wasn't into Snatch because she was still looking for a snake.

Now that was adorable. Lim had tried to not be too mean—though she'd failed, as always—but, really. A lamia? Lamias didn't have anything worth playing with. Most of them didn't have pussies or cocks, and all they really had going for them was the mind control. Which wasn't even that strong, in Lim's experience. She'd met a couple. Anyone could resist a lamia.

She put her hands on her hips, pausing to study her surroundings. This part of the Evergreen Forest was very quiet, which struck her as a bit off. Her head tilted, and ears flicked, as she used her catgirl magic to dull her vision and enhance her hearing in turn.

She blinked as the world around her got darker and blurrier.

Her ear flicked. She heard something. She enhanced her hearing a bit more, chewing her tongue.

Ah, there it was: a hissing sound coming from up above her.

Lim looked up.

"Hi, kitten," purred a sibilant voice. Lim felt long-nailed fingers cup her chin. "I was wondering when you'd notice me."

Lim's eyes widened.

And she giggled. Speak of the devil. "Hi there!" she chirped up at those big turquoise eyes. "Your name wouldn't happen to be Kaari, would it, love?"

"Mm." The eyes glimmered. Lim grinned up, consciously dampening her vision until those glimmering stars were just faint specks. She enhanced her touch and hearing to compensate. She didn't let on she'd done so, of course—why spoil this little beastfey's fun? "You're a pretty kitty, aren't you??"

Lim giggled again and brushed back a stray lock of hair, happy to play the part of the clueless catgirl—other fey were always total suckers for naïve kitties. "Am I really?" Her finger went to her lips with a coquettish smile and attempted duck of her head, though the lamia's fingers kept her looking up. "Teehee! That's so nice of you."

"I'm just telling the truth." Kaari let out a little sigh. "You're such a pretty kitty."

"Aw! Heeheehee!" Making a show of clasping her hands bashfully, Lim subtly reached for the woven mistletoe wand in her pocket. Oh, right, this was Larya's skirt. No matter; she didn't need a conduit for this. "You're so nice! That's so—"

The tip of the lamia's tail dipped down and rubbed Lim's cat ear. Lim's breath caught. Oh, this lamia had... had played with catgirls before. All the more reason to bring her back to Larya nice and subdued.

"Pretty kitty," Kaari repeated, her voice soft.

"Ooh." Lim beamed, trying to recapture her focus. "Gosh, wow, that's really..." Her mock-innocence cut off into a little gasp as the tail rubbed behind the ear. Her right foot kicked reflexively, much to her embarrassment.

"Pretty kitty," Kaari cooed. "Pretty kitty."

"Ooh." Lim batted her eyelashes, even as she leaned in, enjoying the touch. Catgirls' ears were the focus for their sensory magic, and they were, as a consequence, very, very sensitive. Even when she hadn't enhanced her sense of touch to compensate for sight. "Um, yes, right..."

"Pretty kitty," kaari said, her voice light, lilting and quick. "Preeetty kiiitty. Pretty kitty!"

"Oh." Lim nodded slightly, relishing the soft scratches and rubbing as a hand joined the tail to rub and scritch her other ear. Her foot kicked faster as she leaned further and further, her breath catching as the scratching got closer and closer to where she needed it, embarrassingly cute squeaks slipping from her lips like a sputtering faucet. "Nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh—aah!"

She shivered and brushed her head eagerly against the touches as she felt the scritches rub away the itch she'd been feeling. Oh, that felt good...

But even as relief filled her, she realized the 'itch' Kaari had been scratching was the magic Lim had been working with those ears. Lim had just restored her vision.

Enhanced it, even.

"Pretty kitty," purred the lamia, her voice like silk, as Lim felt the tail wrap around her neck and gently guide her to stare upwards.

She met the lamia's gaze.

Lim stared up into brilliant, spiraling constellations—turquoise eyes blossoming with sparkling stars, framed within a cute heart-shaped face and black hair cascading down below her head. 'Below her head' because she was currently upside-down. She had a wonderful rack, and Lim would have loved to admire those big, hanging titties...

But she was busy admiring her own slack-jawed face in the reflections of those big, serpentine eyes. Melting into those swirling colors.

Her own eyes, in the reflections, slowly began to show the same pretty, pretty spirals.

"Pretty kitty," she breathed, as her head lolled to the side and the coils began to tighten.

~ ~ ~ ~

"Larya? Larya, can you hear me?"

Larya's eyes fluttered open. She whimpered and groaned, reaching over and rubbing her neck. It was positively covered in tender little bite marks. Oh, Lim, you bad girl...

She was alone in the tent, though.

"Larya?" Lim's voice was coming from outside.

Larya threw on a robe and stumbled through the flap into the chilly night air. She covered her bite marks with a hand; Alrek was there, scowling, his eyes half-closed in sleepiness.. "Your girlfriend's calling you," he said.

"Yeah. Weird." Larya looked over into the darkness. She couldn't see the catgirl from here, but it was dark.

"Think she found something?" Alrek turned back to the tent and started to pull out his backpack. "Or it might be a trap. We should..."

"Larya, come here!" Lim called, and Larya detected the familiar little growl of arousal tinging her voice. "I... want to show you something!"

Larya's neck tingled beneath her hand. "I... I think it's okay," she said softly. "She probably just wants..." She shivered in the cold night air.

Alrek stared at her a moment, then groaned. "It's... it's two in the fucking morning."

"I'm sorry."

"She's been yelling for ten minutes."

"I'm sorry!" Larya threw her hands up, blushing. "I'll talk to her!"

Alrek looked at her neck, grimaced, and turned back to the tent. "Good night, druid."

He disappeared inside.

Despite her embarrassment, Larya couldn't help but giggle slightly at the rogue's clear discomfort.

She turned toward the sound of Lim's voice. "Lim?" she called, stepping into the darkness.

Her feet crunched over dead leaves as she departed the campsite. She could just barely see in the faint moonlight shed through the trees above. Briefly, Larya wondered why the forest was so quiet. "Lim, where are you?"

"Larya." Larya's heart leaped in fright as the voice came from right behind her.

"Lim?" Larya tried to turn around, but hands on her hips stopped her. Oh. Oh.

Warmth pressed against her—soft, smooth, supple. A deep purring reached her ears. "Larya."

Soft lips started to smack against Larya's skin, her arms, her side. Lim was purring very, very loudly, and she felt totally naked—but very warm. How was she so warm?

"Lim." Larya's voice was barely a gasp as the lips and tongue lovingly lapped and pecked over her underarm. She flinched slightly, almost letting her robe be slipped to the ground. "Lim, I—oh, Lim..."

Lim's kisses climbed up to Larya's neck, and Larya let a whimper escape her as her lips started to kiss the sensitive bite marks...

She heard a faint, hissing laugh.

Like lightning, Larya darted into the World Base, called to a vine, and leaped, carrying Lim with her. The vine snaked around her waist as she pulled Lim close to her and let it jerk them into the air.

They flew for a moment as Larya exited the World Base, landing upon a fallen log a few meter away. She stumbled slightly, then spun around.
