 Siren felt the surge of alarm from the occupants of the burned out warehouse about as soon as they hopped the fence. Well... As soon as they did a combination of 'hopping' and Icy just lifting them over it with a manifestation. He knew this was them, he recognized some of the people inside from the emotional patterns they were giving off. Plus, this was totally the kind of place that this particular group of rogue psychics would hide. They must have had some hidden perimeter cameras to detect them this far out, an empath probably would have picked them up sooner. Back when he'd worked for them, he would have felt them coming from blocks away.

"Hey, you guys can't be in here!" A man dressed like a street thug approached them, brandishing a pistol. Siren was pretty sure that the whole thing was for show, this guy was probably telekinetic just like Icy. He didn't feel murderous, or upset, despite the way he was acting, he just felt alarmed.

Icy glared at the man, but she didn't make a move at him since Siren took a quick step forward, holding his hands up disarmingly. "Hi! Sorry, I worked for you guys in the past, I found you 'cuz I'm an empath. Can we come inside? I wanna talk to whoever's in charge."

The guy narrowed his eyes at Siren, suspicion flaring up hard, but Siren picked out a tiny surge of excitement. "I don't know what you and your mom are on about, boy, but you get lost before I shoot you in the-" Siren hit him hard with a wave of dampened emotions. Just enough for about half a second of emotional emptiness. It wouldn't hurt him or even really deter him at all if he decided to attack, but it would let him know that he was what he claimed to be, a tiny little display of ability, like dropping a code phrase.

"Can we come inside? It's probably not a great idea for us to be out here." Siren smiled disarmingly as the man blinked in confusion.

"Oh... shit. You're legit. Alright, come on in, but no funny business. Your mom a Psy too?" Gods. Really? His mom? Icy was bigger and taller than him but they weren't even the same nationality. The suspicion in the guard died down a bit, but didn't go away completely, which was probably fair.

"Yeah. Kinetic and Pathic." Siren nodded, ignoring the comment about Icy being his mom. The guy led them into the burned out structure, and down a flight of stairs into a basement.

"Two Psys coming to see the boss. They say they're friendly." The man muttered quietly, probably into a hidden microphone, as they made the short trip to an armored 'door.' It wasn't a normal door in so far as it was a scuffed and cracked wall that Siren recognized as a door that only a telekinetic could open. Well, a telekinetic or a battering ram. He sent a few manifestations into the cracks in the door and the wall slid forward, revealing the hideout.

"Two Psy's walking right into my little hideout? What kind of day is... Siren??" He felt a surge of alarm flare up from the woman who was addressing them, a skinny older lady who was by far the oldest psychic Siren had ever met. Erinyes. He immediately felt her presence in his mind, an uncomfortable hand, clawing at his recent memories. Siren knew that she could be subtle if she wanted, she had a lifetime of practice with telepathy. This was anything but subtle, it was agonizing and incredibly invasive. "What are you-"

The sleeping Goddess awoke. A surge of force emerged from Icy, slapping away Erinyes' claw like a tidal wave sweeping away a small animal. "NO!" The overpowering voice reverberated in his skull, making him unsteady on his feet as the simple command overwhelmed his entire brain. By the looks of it, everybody else in the room was feeling the same thing, several people lost their footing.

"Icy! Stop!" Siren pleaded as he lost his balance and collapsed too. He reached out towards her, and, to his relief, she did what he asked. Her telepathic voice went quiet, and she immediately walked over and kneeled next to him. She put her arm around him protectively, one hand around his shoulder and the other stroking his hair, as she glared daggers at Erinyes.

"You do not touch him without permission," She growled softly. The sound of her voice sent shivers down Siren's spine, and suddenly he was terrified that he'd brought Icy here. What if this turned violent? It wasn't a possibility that he'd thought of and he felt incredibly irresponsible for not properly weighing the risks.

"Please, everybody, calm down." Siren pleaded as the six people in the room staggered and stared wide-eyed at the two of them. He felt a mixture of awe, fear, and curiosity coming off of them. "Icy, Erinyes wasn't going to hurt me she was just scared. She saw me get captured and taken away. Seeing me was probably like seeing a ghost."

"Yeah. Care to explain that, Siren? And who the fuck is this?" Erinyes had regained her balance and took a step towards them aggressively, but Siren knew she was all bravado, he could sense the fear coming off of her.

"Icy broke me out. It's... a strange story..." Siren winced, hoping Icy wouldn't overreact again.

Out of nowhere, Icy put one hand on the back of his head and gave him a quick kiss, rubbing across his nipple with her thumb at the same time. He shivered at that... and... the whole room probably felt the little spike of arousal. Fuck. He stomped the feeling down and tried to pull away from Icy but she held him tight. Even without her manifestations she was physically much bigger and stronger than him. He pouted at her, why did she always pick the worst times to do this...?

Erinyes looked at Icy, shocked, and then back at Siren. She broke out laughing. "Yeah... Same old Slutty Siren. Everybody's still in love with you, huh? Alright everybody, back to work." Her suspicions faded away immediately, replaced with a sort of warm affection. She waved everybody back to whatever it was they were doing as she gestured for Siren and Icy to follow her into one of the back rooms.

"I'm sorry..." Icy whispered to him as she helped him back onto his feet. She lifted him up herself, rather than use manifestations, like she normally did. "I saw that she was hurting you, and I wasn't sure how else to stop her."

Siren felt... a bit of affection for her, but it was a bittersweet feeling. What Icy had just done wasn't an overreaction, she'd held back, and she'd done it because he'd asked her not to kill anybody if she didn't have to. It was pretty unnerving at the same time that it was kind of sweet. "Erinyes overreacted too. We're all on edge." He smiled at her and squeezed her hand as she turned and followed Erinyes back into the room she'd disappeared into.

He let her drag him into the cramped little room that was occupied by a beaten up circular wooden table and five chairs. Erinyes took one of the seats and looked up at them, a bit of good-natured cheer on her face but Siren could sense the curiosity she was feeling. "So... You gonna tell me what the fuck happened to you after they snatched you, SS?" She asked, using her pet name for him.

Siren pouted a little, he'd never really been a fan of being called 'Slutty Siren' when his... effect on people wasn't even really his fault. He ended up ignoring the smarmy comment and giving Erinyes a shortened version of what had happened. He omitted most of what Icy had told him about this endless void she'd been trapped in, since he'd barely believed that himself, and he knew Erinyes would think he was on drugs if he started describing it. His version of the story had Icy waking up with amnesia and she didn't correct him. She usually let him do the talking. Usually.

"Shit. How strong are you to pull that off, girl?" Erinyes gave a low whistle when Siren described how Icy had ripped through the elevator shaft into the parking lot.

Icy looked down at her hands. "I don't know," She admitted quietly. Siren couldn't feel anything from her, she was shielding her feelings from him. "I don't know how to measure. But I know that I can do so much and it barely feels like a whisper of my Inner Voice."

Erinyes frowned, confused. "Right, so, how many manifestations can you form and control at once? Make a bunch of cubes, this size until you can't make anymore" She gestured to show the size she meant, about a handspan on each side.

Icy paused for a moment, unsure, before the air began to shimmer. They formed so fast, and so many of them. They poured out of her and drifted around the room like snowflakes until the entire place was covered in a translucent haze, the objects bouncing softly against Siren's skin, feeling kind of like square balloons.

"There's no more room... Do you want me to make more?" Icy asked, after Erinyes and Siren sat there, shocked for about ten seconds, which was longer than it had taken for her to form them. 

"Uh... no... put them away..." Erinyes' voice sounded distorted and muffled, and Siren felt awe and worry spike within her as the manifestations winked out of existence instantly.

"So... the most I've ever seen a telekinetic make was nineteen, and it took him like five minutes. We usually rate telekinetics from one to twenty... and... that was...?" Erinyes looked around the room wide-eyed, as though she was looking for some kind of trick, or to find some manifestations that icy had perhaps somehow missed.

"That was seventy four. I could have made a lot more, that felt like nothing." Icy spoke quietly and innocently, unaware of how much of a display of raw power she'd just delivered to them. Siren knew she was strong, but as he spent more and more time with her he was beginning to realize she was probably in a class all to herself.

"So... you might just be more than ten times stronger than any kinetic I've ever met, and you're telepathic, too." Erinyes shook her head and rubbed her forehead with two fingers, like she couldn't believe what she was seeing. She probably couldn't. "Figures you'd run across Siren, he's the strongest empath I've ever met, too."

"Little good it does me," Siren muttered, crossing his arms indignantly.

"Oh, don't be down on yourself little guy, you did great work, it was totally worth the fact that you're a walking drama bomb. I was really sad when they grabbed you." Erinyes gave him a coy smile.

"It's not my fa-" Siren began.

"Leave him alone," Icy frowned at Erinyes, and Siren felt a surge of annoyance bleed out of her, past her protections. She put a hand on his shoulder, and he quieted down. "Stop teasing him," She glared at the older woman, hugging him close.

"I'm not saying it's your fault, kid, it's just the truth. Your little display back there made everybody in that room pop a boner, or a lady boner, respectively. I'm used to you and I still had to put a bit of effort into shaking it off," Erinyes chuckled softly.

"I want your help," Icy planted a soft kiss on Siren's cheek that made him blush, and looked back at Erinyes impassively.

"As strong as you are, sweetheart, why would you need my help? Honestly I could totally use your help, by the sounds of it." Erinyes leaned to the side on her elbow, resting her head on her hand.

"There's a prison somewhere in the city, where they keep people like us. I'm going to free everybody in there," Icy replied flatly.

Erinyes' eyebrows shot up, and she exuded incredulity as she looked over at Siren. "Serious? Look sweetie, I'm sure you're powerful but you don't wanna mess with a facility like that. They have people with high-powered rifles that will rip through a telekinetic barrier and put a hole in you. Killing rogue psychics is what people like that do."

"I don't care. People like that are the ones that I'm going to kill first. I want them to be afraid of me," A small edge of anger worked its way into Icy's voice, and Siren felt the familiar rage within her bubble to the surface. It was never far away from the surface, even though Siren had been trying to help her deal with it in a... Well... a more healthy and less murdery way.

"She's serious... we're doing this. And we're more likely to succeed if you help." Siren squirmed uncomfortably in Icy's arms. He was actually quite comfy but didn't want to get... too comfy. Not with Erinyes right there.

"Well, I can tell you right now, little guy that I am absolutely not committing any of my people to help with a suicide mission. If you're serious about doing this, then what I can do for you, is give you some information. I enthralled someone last month and he told me about a big prisoner transfer. We decided not to try and intercept it but you might find that an easier target to hit an armored convoy, as opposed to the prison itself. Heck, if you still want to hit the prison afterwards, you can get some more information from the prisoners or guards." Erinyes sighed and opened a nearby mini fridge that Siren hadn't seen, withdrawing a plastic bottle of ginger ale and opening it with a hiss of escaping carbon. She hadn't changed.

Icy was quiet for several moments. She stared off into the distance, thinking. "Enthralling... that's... where you take over someone's mind, right?" She finally asked.

"Well, it's a little more complicated than that, sweetheart. You sort of strip down their sense of self, until they don't really identify with anything anymore. They just do what you tell them after that. Some good telekinetics can also rebuild people a little so that they only listen to them, but, they aren't really the most useful people, after you do it to them. Why do you ask? Don't you know?"

"Not really... Paula knew about it, but she never knew how it worked. Sifting through her memories is always... a little weird." Icy commented quietly, deep in thought.

"Paula? Shit, Icy, were you evacuated? They took your brain out and you're... what, you're here? You're back?" Erinyes' eyes went wide and Siren felt hope surging out of her.

"I was. I don't really know. It felt like I was alone in the darkness, and Siren called to me, and somehow... I woke up. Paula was gone." Icy shook her head, frowning. She didn't like to talk about where she was trapped.

"Siren... do you think you can do that to others? Can you fix the people they evacuate?" Erinyes looked at him, she was excited.

"I don't think so... I didn't even do anything. I think it was mostly Icy who's the special one." Siren shook his head and as he spoke he felt the excitement fade from Erinyes. He hated that part of being an empath, he could actually feel people's sadness and disappointment in him.

"I'll destroy the caravan. And then, I'll attack the prison. They'll know I'm coming. I want them to know, I want them to try and stop me. I want them to feel hopeless as they fail." Icy interrupted the moment of silence, a cold finality in her voice.

"Uhh... well... When you free the prisoners, send them our way. We'll get them to safety," Erinyes sipped her ginger ale nervously. Icy was freaking her out a little bit. She had that effect on people. "Maybe give us the chance to talk you out of the second half of the plan?"

"I'm going to take apart the entire system. If I'm going to do that, I can't let them stop me on their terms or on mine." Siren felt Icy's hand on his shoulder tighten a little.

"Well it's moving next week. Until then, you're welcome to stay here with us. I definitely owe you that much, SS. Probably more... but I'm not sending people after that caravan. You're not taking Siren with you, right?"

"Siren stays with me. I can keep him safe," She clutched him closely, like Erinyes had been trying to take him away from her.

"Yeah... I'm staying with you, Icy, don't worry," He smiled at her. Icy circled a hand around to the back of his head and pulled him against her powerful frame. Her lips met his, and she forced her tongue into his mouth roughly, kissing him more roughly and aggressively than any boy ever had. He whimpered softly and disappointedly when she ended it earlier than she usually did, smiling down at him hungrily as her hand traced patterns across his chest.

Erinyes cleared her throat loudly. "I forgot what it's like being around you, SS. If you two are gonna stay with us for a few days then I'm gonna find you two a room on the far side of the compound." She spoke quietly, her breathing a little belabored.

"S-sorry..." Siren mumbled, blushing as he found himself unable to break Icy's gaze.

"Yeah no problem. Just, no gangbangs this time, please?" Erinyes laughed as she stood up and headed towards the door.

"That was a threeway! And it was one time!" Siren pouted, finally breaking Icy's gaze. One of the people involved in that incident had been really mad at him afterwards, he'd felt awful about it for ages and Erinyes had just poked the wound. Siren hadn't even been aware the guy was in the room, he'd had his face in some girl's crotch when he'd just suddenly gotten penetrated by him. Apparently that had been his fault, but he didn't even like the guy, he'd just gotten carried away.

Icy squeezed his shoulder to get his attention, and she smiled at him warmly when he returned his eyes to hers. "I don't care what you did," she said. Siren blushed and struggled to hold her gaze.

"Wait... woah now, wait a fucking second. You said Paula... Paula Tearsen?" Erinyes stopped halfway out of the door, looking back at Icy, bewildered.

"Tearsen... yes I think that was her last name, I have a few memories of being called that. Madam Tearsen?" Icy looked puzzled.

"Shit. Minister Tearsen had her body taken back by its rightful owner. Damn I bet they're pissed. Hey guys! You won't believe this!" Erinyes slapped her thigh and started to crack up.

***

Paula's grip on the arm of her chair tightened as she watched the footage, along with the two other people in the room. This shell was some skinny white teenager, and, beyond that, it was male, too. The beautiful, long-legged, muscular latina in the video was most definitely formerly her property. The shell that she was supposed to have woken up in, the shell that she'd spent a fortune on purchasing and maintaining and tailoring to her tastes. Instead, a version of her from six months ago had woken up in... this...

"Yeah. That's definitely it." She growled softly, her whiny male voice grating on her nerves as she heard it. This shell's voice sounded like its balls hadn't even dropped yet, it was embarrassing.

"And you have no idea how this happened?" President Edwards asked her, his eyes narrow and his voice threatening. Paula glared back at the president, as the video continued playing, her former shell ripping apart the armored caravan like it was made out of clay. She saw the incredibly bright streak of a projectile fired by a Magnetic Rifle flash across the screen, and her eyes went wide as she saw that her former shell still stood, and a moment later, the gunner was torn apart by manifestations that weren't properly showing up on the low-resolution street camera.

"Did the gunners miss? Why didn't the MagRifle take her down?" She asked, confused.

"Doesn't look like they missed." The other person in the room spoke up, some black ops director who changed shells every five years and names every year. Paula just liked to call him ShitBag behind his back, but she was pretty sure he was going by Trevor, right now.

"So this shell's telekinetic barrier is strong enough to stop a MagRifle? We'll have to revisit that equipment contract, they assured us they were three times stronger than they needed to be. We paid for redundancy." The President frowned as the footage showed the shell freeing the other Psy's, most of them fully intact, and the entire caravan's staff in pieces, along with the vehicles. Most of the Psy's were drugged, and could barely walk, but her former shell seemed to be assisting them, along with the two Psy's that did seem mostly lucid.

"So her ranking is off the charts. And she also mysteriously got out of your control. Is there anything you're not telling us, Paula?" ShitBag asked her.
