 A big thank you to all my story's readers, I had no idea it would be so well received. There might be a disruption in the submittal of new chapters due to the holidays, but I will be trying to keep a consistent schedule. Please remember to vote and comment so I can make the new chapters even better.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 5: "...We have broken the bonds that tied us to the natural world. We control our evolution through implants. We can end all life or create it anew at will... Ladies and gentlemen, a new race of gods has risen." A speaker at the International Symposium of Human Progress.

"AMBUSH!!!"

Anderson knew he would never be able to react fast enough. He could only watch as the blade thrown by the young woman drifted toward him. His entire being focused on the tip of that knife. In the back of his mind, he felt it was a great cosmic joke that life passed by so quickly, but he was forced to watch his death approach an inch at a time. Closer and closer... He had a momentary impulse to close his eyes, but smothered it. He would look the reaper in the eye when it came.

Finally, it looked like it was about to reach him. He could practically feel the cool steel cutting into him... he waited... but the sensation just slid across his skin. What the Hell?!

He looked back at the one that had thrown the knife. She was not looking at him. Her eyes were focused somewhere behind him... Wind... The cold sensation he felt must have been the knife flying... past him? Did she miss? No, she threw it perfectly.

He realized though that someone had yelled something about an ambush. The girl was out in the open, there was no way they were talking about her. Time began to contract and speed up again. The sounds of weapons fire made it through to him. During his near death experience his hands had continued their motion to bring up his rifle. Now he found the sights at eye level and whipped them around to find the true threat. The knife. Where had it been aimed? He still felt a small instinctual tug to point his weapon at the woman, but something inside him was almost outraged at the idea. If she threw her only weapon then she is no longer a threat, he rationalized the feeling. His knees bent as he turned, so that when he saw the blade's true target, he was already crouched.

It was a soldier. His limp body slumped against a tree. Anderson had to admire the redhead's accuracy. The dead man was nearly fully covered in light body armor. The knife had gone straight for the gap at his throat. Blood flowed out, but there was no movement. She must have penetrated all the way to his spine.

He was no longer a threat. Anderson kept his sights moving. His implant was trying to track the weapons fire around him, but with the network down it was having trouble identifying friend from foe. He caught sight of another unfamiliar soldier. The man's face was emotionless as he fired at Anderson's comrades. He took note of the enemy's demeanor and the way he handled the weapon. These were professionals. The rifle sights finally settled and his implant's target acquisition software confirmed a clean shot. Anderson squeezed the trigger and put three plasma coated rounds into the man's chest. 

As the enemy dropped, he remembered the girl. Both of them were out in the open. He knew he had seconds before another enemy soldier would notice them. Anderson spun about and awkwardly threw her over his shoulder. The redhead was too surprised by the sudden action to protest and they were soon crashing through the undergrowth.

He stopped at a dip in the ground that would make do as an impromptu foxhole and gently slid the woman down so he could look her over..

"Are you alright?"

She only nodded and rubbed her stomach where Anderson's shoulder had dug into her.

"...men," she muttered under her breath.

Anderson turned back towards the sounds of battle and scanned the area. Short range transmissions were being sent by the fire team members as they were able to get some breathing room. Sergeant Scott and Carlos had managed to get out of the clearing and the other scouts that had been ranging out in the forest were trying to reach them. 

Anderson signaled them, marking his position so that they could regroup. He lay up against the side of the depression. The cold of the forest floor seeping threw his armor and clothing as he waited. Another burst of transmissions came through. The fire team had redirected and was closing on his position. He breathed out and calmed himself. What a mess this mission was turning out to be.

He saw movement through some of the bushes to his left. Relieved, he lowered his rifle and moved to stand, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him. He looked back at the young woman behind him. She shook her head and pointed at the source of the movement. Two camouflaged forms cautiously emerged, their weapons sweeping over the area from side to side. They were fully dressed in French medium density armor. Alarmed, Anderson looked over their equipment. Short and mid-range transmitters, extra ammo packs, and standard issue, French S-5 assault rifles. Everything he had seen so far was beginning to paint a picture that he did not like one bit. Anderson began sending a new signal, marking the two enemy soldiers for his approaching team. 

For the moment though, they were getting far too close to his position. Weighing his options, he decided to wait a little longer. If they could capture these two alive, then they might be able to get some better information as to what was going on.

Seconds ticked by and each step brought the enemy soldiers closer. Finally the signal Anderson had been waiting for came in. He slid further down into the makeshift foxhole and pulled the young woman to him. Above them, two loud explosions sounded and even through his closed eyelids he saw a brilliant white flash.

Despite the fact that he had been ready for the PDC devices, their proximity left a loud ringing in his ears. As a consequence it took him a few seconds to recognize the sounds of his team securing the two new captives. He leaned back and sighed. It had been a gamble that they would be able to capture them without anyone getting killed.

His eyes snapped open as he remembered what the source of the warmth against him was. He had forgotten that he was still holding the girl. Looking down, he locked eyes with her.

"I really don't like being touched," she stated in her naturally sultry voice. But despite her words she made no move to break their contact

Anderson forgot to respond. When she was not busy being a bitch, she really was quite beautiful. The two remained in the depression, staring at each other until the sound of someone loudly clearing their throat distracted them. They looked up to find most of the fire team grinning down at them.

"You two need a moment?" Carlos asked jovially.

The quickness with which the two separated only added to the soldiers' merriment. They stood awkwardly, the deep blush on the young woman's face much more visible due to her pale skin.

"Quit screwing around," came the Sergeant's gruff voice from somewhere near the captured enemy soldiers.

"Carlos, get in contact with Alpha... And does anyone know if any of the civies managed to get out?"

The group of men standing closely together had been an easy target for the attackers. Scott had seen them being mowed down in the initial burst of enemy fire, but he had hoped at least some of them had been missed. The silence from his men only confirmed it had been a false hope. A string of curses flowed from his lips.

"Sir, Alpha team reports that they were attempting to link up with us, but are encountering sporadic resistance all throughout the forest," Carlos relayed to his commander.

Scott thought quickly before responding. 

"Order them to break off from any engagements and retreat. We'll regroup at the edge of the forest where we entered."

Carlos get back on the transmitter and passed on the new orders. Meanwhile, Anderson had moved to help strip the captives of their weapons. Each item that the scouts removed from them only added to their worries. These were fully equipped soldiers ready for extended firefights. The items missing were even more worrying though. 

A typical armed group on any one of the devastated continents understood that food and ammunition were hard to come by. To lessen this problem, they would stuff every pocket and fold of clothing with rounds and provisions. The two men laying on the forest floor had plenty of ammunition, but only enough food and water for a day or two. They looked less like roving raiders and more like soldiers out on patrol.

The entire time the team searched them, the two captives spoke in rapid French. Only Carlos understood more than a few words, but the emphasis was quite clear. They did not enjoy their new role as prisoners and were likely cursing everyone related to the fire team members for a few generations backwards and forwards.

After a they were thoroughly searched, the Sergeant began directing the team for their trek back.

"Same spread as before boys, tighten it up though so we can cover one another. Everyone on the outer perimeter is to have full camo active."

The men that would range out around the central group saluted and brought down their faceplates. They immediately melted into the forest and only a light footfall here or there gave away their presence. Carlos and Scott forced the two enemy soldiers up and Carlos ordered them to get moving in their native language. As before, Anderson was stuck looking after the young redhead whether or not he liked it.

She still followed him closely as they marched along, but after the embarrassment just a short while ago, she kept a bit more distance between them. Anderson was perfectly fine with such an arrangement. The strange, cold feeling he had been getting from her had significantly lessened but he was still wary.

As for the young woman, she was annoyed with herself. Sure, he had proven to be an able enough warrior, but that was no excuse for her weakness around him. Being thrown over his shoulder... was just insulting. The contradictory warmth she felt at the memory only angered her more. This was something she would expect of her Bond-Sister, not herself. She was supposed to be made of sterner stuff... But who was the one that made that "stern" stuff to begin with? Her own voice wryly echoed in her mind.

Anderson walked ahead, completely unaware of his companion's inner turmoil. His senses were on full alert for more attacks. That the enemy had managed to get right on top of them during the ambush was a blow to his pride. That the woman he was supposed to be escorting had saved him was even worse. He had no intention of allowing another such scenario to play out.

The group marched along at a steady pace and made it out of the forest without further incident. This was not for lack of trying on the part of the captives. They had tried every tactic they could think of to either get a hold of the squad's weapons or escape. The sergeant had used thick branches and various odds and ends to further restrict their movements after each attempt and now the two looked like misshapen scarecrows. Their pace had obviously slowed due to the awkward shuffle that the captives now had to perform but they had still made decent time.

"Carlos, where the hell is Alpha?" The Sergeant asked, noting the other team's absence.

"Just a sec Sarge, I'll.." Carlos was cut off as position markers lit up their retinal displays. 

The absent team was just behind them and when they finally emerged from amidst the trees, they definitely looked the worse for wear. A good number had damaged plates on their body armor, while one or two had tightly bound field dressings on their wounds.

"Reporting in Sir, we managed to get out alive," Cameron saluted the Sergeant.

Scott scanned the team, assessing their wounds and inwardly sighed in relief. He had not expected that they would all make it through. The wounded would add to their troubles though. It would be a slow enough march having to watch over the captives, but if any of their conditions deteriorated it would slow things to a crawl.

"Glad you and your team made it out Corporal, how did you fair?" The Sergeant responded.

"The resistance we encountered was sporadic, but much heavier than we would have expected Sir. We only made it out alive thanks to Anne."

"Anne?" Scott questioned.

"Yes Sir, turns out that's her name," The soldier gestured towards the young blonde at Private White's side.

As the two men spoke White shifted somewhat guiltily. He felt a little bad that he had only given them a shortened version of her name, but he had been feeling strangely possessive of her, For her part, Annabel was very pleased with the arrangement, she liked that only her Master would speak her True Name.

"She was instrumental in picking out the enemy positions. Saved us from an ambush or two," Cameron continued.

"Right, well we had better get moving before they figure out where went," The Sergeant responded, a bit peeved that the girl had so staunchly avoided giving up her name when he had asked her, only to do so after he left.

The fact that she apparently was skilled in woodcraft did not slip past him though. He was highly suspicious of the two women that they had rescued. He had not noticed the efficient way that they redhead had killed one of the ambushers back in the woods, or the Sergeant would have likely considered tying them up as well.

Cameron saluted and the soldiers moved into their positions. The wounded squad members were ordered to stay near the center and the rest took up a loose formation around them.

Next to White, Annabel had been holding in her excitement while her Master's friends finished talking. Now that they were moving about, she rushed to her Bond-Sister and enveloped her in a crushing hug.

"Sister, Sister, you won't believe what happened. I found my Master," The blonde gleefully whispered.

"Oh, that's wonderful..." The redheaded responded somewhat half heartedly.

Annabel immediately looked up at her. "What's wrong Sister?"

"Nothing, it really is wonderful that you finally found him." She would not look the younger woman in the eye.

The blonde released her hug and took up a stern demeanor. She placed her hands on her hips and began tapping her foot. It would have been comical if her Bond-Sister did not know how tenacious she could be in worming out her secrets. Still she could not bring herself to admit it.

"It's nothing dear, perhaps I'm just a bit tired from everything that's happened."

"And what exactly has happened?" The patience in her voice was evident. Her sister inwardly groaned, it was going to be difficult to divert her.

"You know, fighting, killing, the usual..."

As she spoke, the redheads eyes had turned towards Anderson. She caught herself, but it was too late.

"You too?!"

The glee was back in the younger girl's voice. Some of the soldiers turned to look for what had caused her sudden excitement.

"Quiet down Sister," The redhead shushed, glancing around in embarrassment.

"You haven't told him have you..?"

Her Bond-Sister only looked sheepishly at the blonde, a light blush beginning to form.

"This will not do, you know you are denying him his rights.... And your happiness."

Annabel's stern demeanor had reappeared. The young woman was flighty in her emotions, but very expressive.

"I'll tell him... eventually. It's complicated."

"Sister..." Annabel warned, "If you don't tell him, I will."

"You don't understand..."

"Then tell me so I can understand."

"..."

"Sister..."

"Oh very well, I'm not certain that he is strong enough.... To handle me."

The redhead's face was practically on fire with embarrassment at having to admit her fear. Her sister was dumbstruck for a moment.

"That is absurd and you know it. He created you, of course he can handle you."

The redhead knew she was not going to win. She could tread a battlefield more ably than any of their kind, but these verbal sparring matches with her sister always ended the same way.

"I'll tell him when I'm good and ready."

She tried to stand straight and give a commanding presence, but even to her own ears she sounded petulant. The stared at one another until one finally looked away.

A short distance away. Anderson and White were deep in their own conversation and had not heard a word of the two girl's argument. White had also seen the gear that the enemy in the forest had worn and they were discussing possibilities.

"It's likely a rogue unit left over from the French army," Anderson hypothesized.

"I don't know, it seems like a bit much for a rogue unit. You said that it looked like they had been training those militiamen right?"

Anderson remembered the half hidden patrol trails that had led him to the raider encampment.

"Yeah, they were actually doing a half decent job from what I saw."

"And obviously these guys in the woods had standard issue gear," White gestured towards the two captives.

"So what I think is that..."

"Master," Annabel interrupted, "Sister and I must speak to your War-Brother."

White turned to look at the young women. The blonde had a determined look on her face and the redhead seemed to be trying to avoid looking anyone in the eye. He was a bit confused by the strange phrase, but assumed she meant Anderson.

"Hmm? Oh sure. I have to check our gear anyways." He was not sure why he did it, but then he turned towards Anderson and whispered, "Good luck."

A bit confused, the Corporal watched his friend walk away before turning towards the two girls.

"What can I do for you ladies?"

"Sister has something she would like to tell you," Annabel answered while gently pushing the redhead forward.

She glared back at the blonde, but eventually turned towards Anderson. She mumbled something that he couldn't quite catch.

"Sister! That is not something you should speak in his presence!" 

"Oh very well...." the redhead looked up at Anderson with a sigh. "You are my Master."

Anderson's eyebrows climbed in surprise. Now he was in the middle of this fantasy of theirs.

"Ok..." He tried to remember what had happened last time between White and Anne. "What exactly does that entail? Besides picking out a name for you apparently..."

The redhead glared daggers at him. She felt he was being an ass.

"It means you're stuck with me, lover boy. But how about tossing me around a little less this time?"

Annabel saw where the conversation was heading and quickly intervened with a distraction. 

"Sister, Why don't you tell him what you found out about the bad men?"

The redhead turned her irritated gaze on her sister. She debated whether or not to say anything to the annoying man before her but knew she had too.

"They were waiting for you and your War-Brothers."

"What do you mean?" Anderson questioned.

"Exactly what I just said," she bit off. "Those weaklings needed to be led by the hand. Someone was spoon feeding them information on where you were, and where you were going to be.... You and your War-Brothers have been betrayed."