 Chapter 3 -- The Wizard 

The next morning, Maddie bounced down the steps of Dave's apartment building and headed towards the parking lot, seeing Cindy waiting in her car for her. It felt so strange to Maddie that today was Sunday, yet she had not gone to church. Still, she recognized that these were unique circumstances, with a great number of pressing errands she had to run today, so she instead spent a longer time on her morning prayers than usual. As Cindy spotted her and waved, Maddie opened the car door and slid into the passenger seat. 

"Ready for your first shopping trip?" Cindy asked. 

"Absolutely! I'm so excited; I feel like I'm really becoming a modern woman! I just hope I don't get too lost and confused in it all..." 

"Don't you worry, girl. I'll take great care of you." 

Pulling out a note of instructions she had written from Dave, Maddie said, "Now then, I expressed my concern to Dave that he was spending all his money on me, but as you can imagine, he had none of it." 

"Yeah, he's a bit stubborn," Cindy giggled. 

Maddie continued, "He did say that we should purchase all clothes necessary from a place known as Goodwill, and that he would use a transformation spell to change whatever we purchase into exactly what I want. He insisted I not concern myself with price, but I still intend to only purchase the least expensive items possible." 

"That's very thoughtful of you." 

"Well, he has already done so much for me. I could not bear to take undue advantage of his generosity." Glancing at her list Maddie said, "Dave also mentioned that I would need some basic women's health items, but he was not sure of everything that would be needed." 

"I've got your back on that one," Cindy assured her. "First stop: the mall!" 

"The mall? What about Goodwill?" Maddie asked. 

"Obviously, we'll buy your clothes from Goodwill as cheap as we can find. But we need to go to the mall first and have you try on a bunch of things so we know your sizes and personal style. Remember, we have to be able to tell Dave what to transform the clothes we do purchase into," Cindy replied. 

"Ah, that does make sense." 

"Hey, I'm the smart one in the family. Don't ever let Dave tell ya different!" Cindy joked. "I assume he gave you some money?" 

"He did," Maddie said, pulling several twenty-dollar bills from her pocket. 

"I'll hang on to those; they'll be safer in my purse. We'll get you one of these, too!" 

"Perfect! We're all set, then?" 

"Yep. Let's go!" 

***** 

Dave took a deep breath as he walked with purpose towards the apartment building ahead of him. Though the building was only block or two off campus, it was still in one of the less safe areas of Atlanta. Unsuspecting college students who wandered down this street were in more danger than they realized, but Dave was far from unsuspecting. In fact, he had worked on a new defensive spell that morning, one that summoned half of his aura's strength and projected it invisibly around his body. This would provide an emergent defense in the event something unexpected happened. 

Out of the corner of his eye, Dave saw a pair of shady individuals hanging out down an alley, but they either didn't notice him or paid him no mind. He suspected they were in the middle of a drug deal, meaning their attention was focused on their transaction and any immediate threats. After passing by them, Dave finally arrived at the entrance to the apartment building. A large black man stood in front of the door, his white t-shirt bearing the image of a pot leaf. 

"Whatcha want, my man?" he asked. "Need a good bargain? I got the best prices north of I-20!" 

Dave smirked. "Appreciate the offer, but I'll pass. As much as I believe your business ought to be legitimate, I won't be participating until it is." 

"I respect that, friend," the man replied with a smile. 

"I'm actually here to see an old friend of mine." 

"Lotta people think their friends live here," the man replied, revealing his duty as a bouncer. "Who ya need to see?" 

"You might know him as The Wizard," Dave said. 

"Wizard... hang on a sec. Dude's kinda paranoid. What's your name?" 

"Dave Brighton." 

He made a quick call on his cell phone, confirming that Dave was expected. "Cool, he's waitin' on ya; take the stairs to the third floor." 

"Thanks," Dave replied. 

The apartment building primarily housed some of Atlanta's up and coming drug dealers, necessitating the guard out front, but one exception was Dave's friend, Jerome "The Wizard" Winters. Dave was one of the few who actually knew his real name; everyone else only knew him by his screen name. As a member of Anonymous who frequented the dark web, Jerome had learned to trust very few individuals. Dave was one such individual. 

Two years previous, Jerome had been hard at work attempting to uncover sealed files relating to the government's "Fast and Furious" operation. When the cover-up had been exposed, the government had no choice but to admit the existence of the plan, but still buried the most incriminating evidence. Jerome was out to expose that evidence. However, a counter hacker employed by the government stymied his efforts to the extent that he came close to tracing Jerome's specific location. Dave Brighton, Jerome's dorm neighbor at the time, heard the young man cursing and rushed to see if he could help. The moment Jerome said he was part of Anonymous, Dave didn't ask even a single question further and helped him shut the counter hacker out, maintaining the secret identity of The Wizard. From that day on, Dave had Jerome's implicit trust. 

As Dave knocked on the door to apartment 3E, a voice asked, "What's the good word?" 

"To hell with tyranny," Dave replied, completing the password Jerome had told him on that day two years ago. 

A moment later, the door opened, revealing a slender black man with a buzz cut and pencil moustache. 

"Get your ass in here," Jerome said with a smile. 

"Thanks for agreeing to meet with me on such short notice," Dave said, closing the door behind him and latching the deadbolt. 

"But of course! You saved my ass two years ago, Dave. A member of Anonymous don't forget a friend like that." 

Taking a seat, Dave replied, "I need to ask a big favor of you." 

"How big we talking?" Jerome asked, plopping into his desk chair. 

"Big. Sworn-to-secrecy-even-to-Anonymous big." 

"Ooh, I dunno..." 

"Jerome, I won't ever make you do something that you can't in good conscious participate in, but I've run down my options on this. You're the only guy good enough to help me out. Still, I can't tell you what it is until you agree to keep it an absolute secret; I'm sure you understand that." 

Thinking for a moment, Jerome asked, "Are we talking something dangerous?" 

"Not to you, nor to the general public." 

"How illegal?" 

Dave shrugged. "No worse than any of your past projects." 

Jerome first studied Dave's face for a few seconds, then turned to his large desktop computer. He clicked a few buttons, then removed his cell phone from his pocket and powered it all the way off. 

"All potential recording devices have now been deactivated. The following conversation will not leave this room. You have my word," Jerome said. 

"Thanks," Dave said, powering his own phone off. 

"Ok, what's the big secret?" 

"Damn, it's such a long story. Let's see... it all started during archery practice..." 

***** 

Maddie stood alone in the Macy's dressing room, more than a little overwhelmed at the variety of clothes Cindy had helped her pick out. From t-shirts and tank tops to shorts, skirts, and even modern undergarments, the choices were endless! In addition, Maddie was more than a little nervous at the amount of skin modern clothing seemed to show. Of course, her connection to Dave's mind told her that these were quite normal for the day, but this knowledge still clashed with the teachings of modesty she had been brought up with. Taking a deep breath, she began sorting through them and settled on a three-quarter-sleeve shirt and a pair of capris. 

"Maddie, what's taking so long? C'mon, girl! We've got lots to do today," Cindy heckled her. 

"Right, right, coming." 

Maddie stepped out into the sitting area and gave a little spin for Cindy, who nodded with approval. 

"Nice. A conservative look, but I'm guessing that's what you're most comfortable with," Cindy said. 

"Yes," Maddie replied. In a whisper, she continued, "I'm finding it hard to believe women of this time show so much... skin." 

Cindy giggled. "Don't worry, you'll get used to it. Try on one of the skirts next! I can't wait to see you in those." 

"I think you're having more fun than I am," Maddie teased. 

"Well, you are kind of a life-sized Barbie doll I get to play dress-up with. Now, go change already!" As Maddie reentered the dressing room, Cindy called out, "Something skimpyyyyy!" 

A few minutes later, Maddie emerged in a more professional outfit, consisting of a black pencil skirt and a cream button-up blouse. The skirt had a light gray pinstripe pattern, giving her a look of confidence and sophistication, one that Maddie enjoyed quite a bit. 

"Damn..." Cindy breathed. 

"Something wrong?" Maddie asked. 

"Not at all. Wow, you look like a woman ready to take on the world." 

Looking in the mirror, Maddie commented, "Hmm, I suppose this is quite a strong combination. Do you think it too much?" 

"Nope. Just right. Here, let's finish off the look with this," Cindy said, handing Maddie a hair tie. 

"Oh, very nice!" Maddie remarked, finding the ponytail a perfect supplement to the blouse and skirt. "I shall have to remember this when I try to find work." 

"Definitely. Ok, next!" 

Over the next hour and a half, Cindy took Maddie through the entire gamut of women's fashion, focusing primarily casual spring outfits and sundresses. Maddie found that some of the more formal dresses were her favorites by far, reminding her a bit of home. All the while, Cindy took meticulous notes of size and style to help Dave put together her wardrobe. After finally trying on all the clothes they had found, Maddie changed back into her t-shirt and jeans. While an employee replaced all the clothes back on the racks, Cindy beckoned Maddie over to an area with a wide selection of women's purses. 

"These are quite lovely... and expensive!" Maddie realized upon seeing the price tag. "My word, how can women afford these?" 

"To be honest, most can't, but buy them anyway," Cindy grimaced. "Pick out whatever style you like. We'll get you something cheap that Dave can alter." 

After noting down three different purses Maddie liked for everyday, travel, and formal, Cindy led her back into the walkways of Lenox Mall. Every little thing they passed enraptured Maddie to the point that she was like an excitable little puppy. After all, theoretical knowledge of this time period was still nothing compared to experiencing it firsthand. Soon, she stopped and stared at something in the display window of a store. Maddie had found Victoria's Secret. 

"Like what you see?" Cindy teased. 

"Um... I'm not sure?" Maddie replied. "Do women actually wear this sort of thing... in public?" 

"No, nothing like that," Cindy giggled. "This store sells lingerie, underwear that's designed to be fashionable and overtly sexy. In the modern day, it's become more acceptable for women to be more aggressive in pursuing and seducing their men. As such, the business of lingerie has skyrocketed, giving women the tools needed to drive their husbands and boyfriends crazy." 

"I see. And men enjoy seeing women wearing such items, I assume?" 

"I haven't met a man who doesn't. Well, not a straight man, anyway. Men are extremely visual creatures," Cindy mused. "C'mon, let's go in!" 

"Oh, I don't know..." 

"Don't worry, it'll be fun," Cindy pressed, taking Maddie's arm. 

Cindy spent the next twenty minutes educating Maddie on the finer points of women's lingerie. From babydolls and nightgowns to more adventurous corsets and garter belts, Maddie was blown away by the sheer amount of options. It seemed there were just as many possibilities for undergarments as there were for outer garments! At Cindy's insistence, Maddie finally agreed to try something on for fun, selecting a simple black babydoll nightie. Though she was a bit nervous, Maddie found that wearing such a garment did indeed make her feel quite sexual and powerful. She invited Cindy into the dressing room with her to see what she thought. 

"Well?" Maddie asked. 

"Damn... I wish I had your body, girl. Holy shit." 

"Oh, rubbish! You're breathtaking, Cindy!" Maddie giggled. "I am quite certain you have your choice of eligible suitors." 

"Maybe," Cindy replied, still mesmerized by Maddie. 

"So, do you think Dave would enjoy something like this?" 

"Definitely. I assume you would want it to be a surprise for him?" 

"Most certainly," Maddie agreed. "Perhaps I should wait until I have found employment and purchase something with my pay from that?" 

"Sounds like a good plan to me. Better than ruining the surprise by asking Dave to transform something." 

"True!" Maddie giggled. "All right, let me change back. Where to next?" 

"Next is Goodwill. I'll wait for you out front." 

***** 

"And that's the story, Jerome." 

"Dude... unbelievable." 

"I know, right?" Dave smirked. 

"No, I mean literally unbelievable. I love you, Dave, but give me one good reason I shouldn't call the men in the white coats to take you off to Happy Crazy Town," Jerome replied. 

"Well, if you don't believe me, believe this." 

With a snap of his fingers, Dave conjured a small flame in his hand, juggling it back and forth a few times for good measure. Jerome's face went from one of skepticism to one of sheer terror. This was beyond anything he had ever thought possible.  

"Oh my god... it's all true?!" 

"All of it," Dave said, "including the part about Maddie coming back to this time with me." 

"Dave, man... I've been a conspiracy theorist all my life... but this?!" 

"I know it's a lot to absorb, but I still need your help." 

"Wow... um, ok. What do you need from me? Seems like you can just wave your hand and have everything you want, right?" Jerome asked with a laugh. 

"If only it were that simple. As I mentioned, most of my sorcery is still based in science and the laws of physics. I've scoured my spell book, but found nothing that would allow me to make Maddie a legal person in 2017. That's where you come in. I need a way to make her legal without raising suspicion." 

"Now, that is a task. But you have come to The Wizard, after all!" Jerome smiled. 

"You think you can do it?" Dave asked. 

"Yep. I actually wrote a program not too long ago that'll be perfect for this sort of thing." Turning back towards his computer, Jerome continued, "What I'm gonna do is trigger a search program to find instances of births and deaths, looking for a kid that died shortly after being born. In essence, we're trying to find your girl an identity she can assume." 

"Ok, that makes sense," Dave replied, pulling his chair next to Jerome's. 

"Now, the tricky part is finding a kid with no traceable elements to their story, or else the whole thing will blow up the minute she applies for a copy of her birth certificate. Gotta find an instance of a kid who was born in one place, ideally a smaller town, then died in a different place far enough away that the records won't ever be compared. And there's gotta be no next of kin, or that'll raise a red flag. Let's see... how old is Maddie?" 

"She's twenty-two, born on March 7th." 

"Ok, so assuming she had been born in this time period, that'd put her birth year as 1995," Jerome said, typing the information into his program. "Setting parameters to white females. Running the search now." 

The pair chatted for about half an hour while Jerome's computer did its thing. It wasn't long before results started to filter in, but the majority were rejected right away for one reason or another. Most of the little girls he found were born and died in the same place, meaning there would likely be locals in the town that knew of their story, even if there were no next of kin. A few other results died in different places, but were children of prominent individuals, such as entertainers or local politicians. Eventually, Jerome found a girl that might just be the perfect identity for Maddie. 

Jerome said, "Here we go... meet Elise Madison Adams. According to this tiny news clipping, she was born in Paducah, Kentucky to a Myra Adams. No father is mentioned; I assume that means Myra didn't know who the father was." 

"Makes sense." 

"Here you can see an obituary for Elise Madison Adams only three weeks later in Jackson, Mississippi." 

"Jackson? How's that work?" Dave wondered. 

Jerome grinned. "Check this out. Here on the obituary, it mentions she was being cared for at Sunnybrook Children's Home, an orphanage just north of Jackson. Cause of death was an undiagnosed illness of some sort. Her remains were cremated, and the orphanage never claimed them, so the crematorium disposed of them. A couple of news reports from that year said that Sunnybrook was on the verge of financial collapse, meaning they couldn't afford to claim her remains. Now, I did a little extra hacking and managed to find in her mother's hospital records that she was listed as homeless. Normally, I stay away from medical records, but it was the only way to confirm that her mother wasn't someone who would come looking should Maddie assume the little girl's identity." 

"Ok, Mom is homeless and the kid was born and died in two separate places, but that still doesn't explain the gap. How the hell did a homeless mother get her child from Paducah, Kentucky to Jackson, Mississippi?" 

"For that, I had to dig up an obscure news article. Take a look." 

On the screen, Dave skimmed through the article Jerome had found. It detailed the efforts of Paducah's mayor in the 90's to crack down on, as he called it, "the scourge of homelessness" in their city. Of course, this meant getting rid of homeless people so that the city no longer had to deal with them, not an actual effort to stem the tide of homelessness. The mayor's brilliant idea was to hire a private motor coach and round up as many homeless individuals as possible to bus them down the interstate to Memphis, Tennessee. But one of the city council members got wind of the plan and sent word down to a family member who happened to be on the city council in Memphis. By the time the busses arrived in Memphis, the mayor was waiting for them at the bus station and implored the driver not push Paducah's problems off on Memphis. Caught red-handed, the drivers didn't have the stomach to defy the mayor of Memphis, but also knew there would be serious consequences were he to return to Paducah with their passengers still in tow. After a lengthy discussion, the bus drivers decided they would continue down the interstate for a while longer, eventually arriving in Jackson, Mississippi. By that time, their passengers were tired of the game and decided of their own accord to depart the busses. Though there was no direct connection, it was an easy assumption that Maya Adams was among these passengers. 

"Wow... that's one sad story," Dave remarked. "Any word on what happened to Elise to cause her to die all of a sudden?" 

"The only thing mentioned in her obituary was a sudden illness of some sort. Not sure what, but it's not a stretch to think that her extended time on those busses brought her into close proximity with some people who were already sick. Her tiny immune system just couldn't fight it off without proper care," Jerome surmised. "No further records on Maya, either, but I imagine the stress of her baby becoming so sick in an unfamiliar city was too much for her, so she left her at the orphanage anonymously. And with Elise arriving at the orphanage so sick, I doubt the workers had time to identify her through normal means. I'd bet they just went with whatever information was supplied to them by the mom. I suppose Myra could still be alive, but even if so, I doubt there would be any suspicion raised by Maddie assuming this girl's identity." 
