 Chapter 2

Akita

"Did you see that? Did you see what I did?" Celaura screams at me from across the newly implemented race track, and I laugh as she stands up on the hover-bike she's riding. She guides it with her knees and whips around to face me, hands waving excitedly in the air while she races back toward me, "I was flying!"

"That was amazing Cela!" I shout back as I catch up to her on my own bike. The girl is a natural. She took to the bike like it was her second half, and now its all she ever wants to do, "Did you know that other planets have hover races? You could enter and win prizes!"

"Really? I wanna go! Can I join a race, Akita? Can I please?"

"You have to ask father about that,"

She whines in that pitiful little voice she uses when she doesn't get her way, and it makes me wish I could tell her yes. But I know better than that. Father may tolerate our unseemly hobbies with quiet disdain, but he would never allow my baby sister to leave the planet for anything. especially something as dangerous as hover racing. I can't say I blame him in that. She's only thirteen, and the world outside of our tiny solar system is a dangerous place. Just four years ago, we had no idea anything existed beyond our own sky. When the union appeared, many of the older generation thought it was the end of the world. The first man to exit the star ship was so strangely exotic, that for a moment we thought Shaza himself decided to grace us with his presence. I had never seen such a pale person before, and it was the most fascinating discovery that there were other people out there that looked so drastically different from us. My wonder was shared by very few of my people, but our need for fresh water and tools overrode their prejudices.

I, like the others of my generation, am excited about the new influx of technology, and living in Shaz'kur gives my sisters and I an opportunity to play with the new toys Shaza has been given. So far, my interest lies in the weaponry. I just acquired a set of Ulitium throwing knives, and I'm saving up for one of the battery charged solar pistols on display at the utility shop by the market. The gun is worth one hundred and fifty caps, and I only have eighty so far. I've been washing dishes at the local diner to earn what I can, but five caps and hour isn't much, especially when I only work on the weekends.

"Akita," Shanta calls from between the wall of buildings to our left, and I skid to a stop, "Father wants Cela to come with us to the outer district. The red man is supposed to arrive soon, and we are to escort him to the capital,"

"His name is not 'the red man' Shanta." I chide my other sister as I turn to catch up with Cela. She's too far away to hear anything, so I speed up to catch her, "Cela! its time to go. You have to go and meet Zaroi now,"

"Awe!" she whines again as she flips around to head back toward the city, and I follow suit, "Do I have to? He's so big and scary looking!"

"Cela, that's very rude of you. From what father says, he is a nice man," I reply with a frown as we park our bikes in the charging ports at the edge of the track, "You two should hurry. You don't want to be late. A lot is riding on this meeting,"

"I don't understand why Shaza's Tears are such a big deal to the sky people. There's so much of it, and they act like its so important," Cela snaps with a pout, but moves to follow Shanta toward the carriage waiting for them in the street, "And why do you get to stay, Akita? its not fair!"

"You know why, Cela," Shanta replies before I can say anything. She shoots me an apologetic look before turning to tug Cela toward the carriage. I know Launa is waiting for them inside, and she is the last person I want to see right now. Or ever.

I grimace as I turn toward to practice targets sitting at the far end of the field. I lift a throwing knife from my belt and heft it at the bulls eye, ticking in irritation as it lands two inches to the left of the center mark. I shouldn't be angry at Cela, I know she doesn't understand. But every day I am reminded how much of a disgrace I am. A bastard child, born of some unwitting girl that my father fucked on a dunk outing one time while he was fighting with his wife. Its bad enough that Tetinari hated me, as I was a living reminder of their broken marriage, but the fact that my older sister Launa hates me too makes it so much worse. I thought it would end once Tetinari died five years ago, but Launa simply picked up where she left off. The worst part is knowing that my mother was banished to the Shadowlands, and sacrificed for their mistakes so that Shaza might forgive my father his trespasses. All I have left of her is the name she gave me. I will never know her, and I will never forget what I am. I'm not allowed to. Launa blamed me for all of her parents fights, and even now she never fails to remind me that I'm the biggest mistake our father ever made. She was three years old when I was born, and we have never gotten along. I chuck another knife at the target, and it slides right into the red circle at the center.

Better.

"Nice shot,"

I spin around and find a giant red beast of a man perched on a hover-bike behind me. I grimace at how easily he was able to sneak up on me. I didn't even hear him coming. After the initial shock of his appearance subsides, I blanch as recognition hits me. This is Zaroi, the merchant who was supposed to be meeting my sisters in the outer district. What is he doing here? He hitches his bike to a free charging port, and I can't help but marvel at how massive he is. After finding out about his arrival, I took the time to do a bit of research on his race, and I have to say that the pictures don't do him justice at all. Standing at about seven feet, he is a tower of bulky muscle. His skin is the color of fire, and he has a deep crimson mane of hair that falls about his shoulders. His tail whips about him in a nervous manner and I can't help but compare him to the Kanua, a wild cat found in the northern side of the Shaza. He looks fierce and frightening, but that lopsided smile of his tells me that aside from his frightening appearance, he is still just a man. His eyes are as yellow as the sun, and when the light hits them they look as gold as the metal. I find that strange since all of the Orahkans I've seen in the pictures have brown eyes. I take a look at his attire and smile. He is wearing the fur vest and loose cotton pants that signify a Shazarine official, probably in an attempt to show respect to our people.

Very smart of him. He's already doing better than the last man who came for the Tears.

"What is an Orahkan doing in Shaz'kur?" I ask, feigning ignorance. It would be better that he doesn't know who I am. Father would be very displeased if he found out Zaroi met with me, and he would be even more angry if the merchant discovered who I was. As far as Zaroi is concerned, I don't exist. His smile widens even more, and I imagine that he is pleased that I know of his heritage.

"I am searching for the outer district. I am here to meet with the Shazar's three daughters,"

"He has four daughters," I amend him with a burst of anger, and then frown as I realize my folly; He is not supposed to know that. I decide to quickly change the subject, "if you will allow me to see your portable interface, I can set the course for you,"

"Oh," he seems surprised at my aptitude for technology. I should warn him that I'm one of very few. I'd hate to give him false expectations of the rest of the city, he smiles again and holds his wrist out for me, "I appreciate your help, miss. My equipment was being a little glitchy out in the desert, and my G.P.S. system went haywire. I nearly lost my way,"

"We are closer the the Shadowlands than any other city. It is probably the cause of your malfunctioning gear," I tell him as I enter the correct coordinates on his interface, and I try not to be effected by his close proximity. He smells like sweat and leather, and I find myself drawn to the intoxicating aroma, "I should warn you, many of my people do not like, and even fear the technology you use. The Shazar and his daughters are better adapted... But if you plan to mingle in the city, it would be best to leave your interface at home. They will already distrust you simply because you are different,"

"I appreciate the warning," he chuckles as I finish up setting the course and release his hand, "if I may ask... Are there any customs or social norms I should be aware of? I want to do my best not to offend any of the natives while I'm here,"

Polite and respectful. This may work out after all.

"Well, when you meet the eldest daughter, it is best to bow, like so," I demonstrate the respectful greeting, placing my right foot before the other and dipping my head as I cross my left hand over my heart and reach out with my right, "as you bow, take her left hand and place her palm over your right cheek. Then say "your presence is a blessing, daughter of Shaza. Here. You try it now,"

He repeats the gesture, and to my surprise takes my hand and holds it to his cheek as he speaks the greeting. I know it sounds childish, but I can't help but blush in a mixture of pleasure and embarrassment. I've never been given a proper greeting before, and it feels really nice, even if it was just practice for the real thing. I'm not a daughter of Shaza, my life is a disgrace to his will, so I am not allowed to be greeted in such a manner. My breath catches in my throat at the way he looks up at me with those bright eyes, and I try to steady my breathing while he returns to a stand.

"That was perfect," I speak in a breathless whisper, and I hope he doesn't notice how much that simple gesture affected me, "um... Let's see..."

"What about the younger daughters?" he prompts, and I'm glad for the help. My brain is still a bit frazzled from the unexpected greeting, "is there a greeting for them as well?"

"The middle and youngest are not old enough to be considered daughters of Shaza. They are still children of Shaza, and so the greeting is different," I reply with an encouraging smile, "you shall bow in the same fashion, but instead of bringing their hand to your cheek, you will reach out and touch your finger tips under their chin and say, 'your life is a light of the world, Shazarine' followed by their name,"

"Shanta and Celaura, yes?" He asks hopefully. its obvious he wants very much to respect our customs, and for that I'm grateful, "and the eldest is Launa, if I remember correctly,"

"You remember correctly," I agree with the nod of my head, and he seems to be glowing with excitement at this new information, "you seem very interested in learning our culture, Shin Zaroi. As long as you are trying, the people will be grateful to your efforts,"

"How do you know my name?"

Veta'! I'm not supposed to know who he is!

"The people have known of your imminent arrival for a time now," I reply in an attempt to fix my blunder, "its been a very popular topic for the last few days,"

"Ah, I see," he replied with a grin, "well, I find it very unfair that you know my name, but I don't know yours. What do I call you, daughter of Shaza?"

"I am not a daughter of Shaza," I amend with a weary smile. its better that he understands the truth, "I am a bastard child. My existence is a disgrace to Shaza's will. My kind are not afforded his blessing. But, my name is Akita,"

"I see," he says with a frown. He doesn't seem to like what I've said, but he doesn't argue with it. Yes, he seems to be willing to accept the good with the bad. He should do fine here, "well, Akita, I apologize if I have offended you with my assumptions. I appreciate what you've taught me. Maybe... Maybe we can meet again sometime, while I'm here?"

"I wouldn't advise it, Shin Zaroi." I reply, taking a step back in a silent farewell, "it is better that you do not associate with someone like me. It will tarnish your reputation,"

"I'm sorry that is the case," he says, and his frown deepens. He is struggling with this information, but I hope for his sake that he can accept it and move on. As much as I enjoy his company, our planets future depends on this transaction, and I can't allow my selfish whims to sabotage that, "well, sweet Akita, I hope to one day see you again. Maybe you would like to travel with me, once this is all over? There are millions of other planets out there that would accept you just the way you are,"

"I appreciate the offer," I reply, my voice light. He wants to rescue me from my disgrace. It is noble of him, but if he knew who I was, he would understand why that isn't possible, "you should go, Shin Zaroi, the sisters are already awaiting your arrival,"

"Yes, I supposed you are right," he said with a sigh, and turns to mount his hover-bike After he pulls out from the charging station, he activates his wind resistant visor and turns to face me, "I almost forgot. what is the correct way to greet another male?"

"You both bow, clutch each others palms, and speak 'your presence is a blessing, son of Shaza"

"Okay, simple enough," he says with a smile that doesn't seem to reach his eyes, "one more thing. What does Shin mean?"

"It is a term of respect, like sir. Shiq is the female equivalent. Shiq Launa would be the proper way to address the eldest daughter. Shai is the prefix for children. Shai Shanta, and Shai Celaura," I explain with a wistful smile. I'm glad he asked, the terms would be useful later, "May Shaza bless your journey, Shin Zaroi,"

"And you, Shiq Akita,"

"Just Akita,"

He frowns again, but says nothing as he connects his G.P.S. to the autopilot. I watch in silence as his bike speeds off in the direction of the outer district, leaving large clouds of cerulean dust behind it as it disappears on the horizon. I turn around and return to throwing my Ulitium knives.

Zaroi is a good man. I'm glad he has come to Shaza. If all goes well, he will be able to work out a contract with father, and the trading of Shaza's Tears will help to boost our economy. The younger generation is already turning toward the modern way of life, and with an opportunity like this we may eventually catch up with the other planets. I want hover racing, and tourist sites, and all of the other wonderful things I've read about on other planets in this district.

And maybe one day, the stigma of being a bastard will be abandoned, and I will have equal rights with my sisters. One thing at a time though. For now, I must avoid Zaroi, and pray to Shaza that he can win over the citizens of Shaz'kur.