 Prologue

Ashita

As I pass the threshold into darkness, I am overcome with a strong feeling of dread. The soft cerulean sand under the sun where I was born is slowly replaced with the foreboding gravel covering the Shadowlands. The lavender shards are harsh against my bare feet, and I grimace as the pain reminds me of my mistakes. I never knew he was bound by Shaza's will. I never knew he had a family.

To me, he was just a lonely man who needed to feel love. I thought that maybe he could love me. But I was mistaken, and now my daughter will live the rest of her life in shame. As for me...

A sound to my right sends my heart fluttering in fear. I turn to look for its source, but see nothing in the darkness, so I continue to walk. The farther I travel into the shadow, the more difficult it is for me to see. I have never known night before, and my eyes are unable to adjust to the jet black sky. The harsh cold air assaults my skin, and I shiver from the chill it sends up my body. My teeth begin to chatter and I nearly miss the shuffling sound behind me. I turn, holding in a startled shriek as I come face to face with a ghost.

No, not a ghost. My eyes work to adjust, and I realize that it is a man. He is half a foot taller than I am, and built like a Kuhja stallion. He is a massive man, but I can tell from the way he moves that he also graceful. His skin is the same color of the shards of gravel covering the ground, and his hair and beard is a striking silver-white. I imagine myself to be his prey as his crimson eyes assess me with an eerie intelligence. He slowly approaches me, and I try to back away, shaking my head and crying out as I stumble over my feet and fall into the sharp rocks below me.

"Please," I whisper as he crouches beside me. He reaches out to touch my face, and I flinch away. He is unexpectedly warm, the heat of his skin like a flame against me. I feel tears forming in my eyes, and he makes a ticking noise as if he disapproves, "Please don't hurt me,"

"Alaun, tah kjaris," He murmurs, the sharp gravely sound of his voice sending me to the verge of hysteria. I have no idea what he said to me, but I am absolutely terrified, "You cold, no? Have this,"

He removes a fur cape from his back and wraps it around me, the warmth of his body heat enveloping me inside the thick blanket of fur. I touch the material with my fingertips, and look up at him with wide eyes. Why was he being so kind? I was an outcast to my own people, and a trespasser in his lands.

"Do you understand Shazarine?"

"Little. You warm now?" He replies, and reaches out to touch my face again. This time I allow the contact, and he smiles at me, "Better. Come,"

He lifts me in his massive arms and I curl into his chest, the days events wearing me down. My daughter is only five days old, and I will never see her again. I will never see home again. The thought sends me straight to tears, and he pulls me tighter to his chest. He doesn't hush me or try to quell my tears, and I begin to suspect that he understands why I am crying. He presses the side of his cheek against the top of my head, and I clutch at his thick silver chest hair as hysterical sobbing racks my body. Eventually, exhaustion overcomes me, and the soft rocking of his steps lull me to sleep.

 

Chapter 1

Zaroi

 

Nineteen years later.

Being a cargo transporter for an established company like The Universal Distribution Center definitely has its perks, let me tell you. For one thing, I get to see a decent portion of the Orelle Galaxy, and that basically means I am rarely ever bored. I'd like to say that I'm a particularly cultured individual, what with my dealings in seventy five of the two hundred or so solar systems currently apart of the network district I work in. There are about six hundred districts in this galaxy alone. Of course, there are plenty more solar systems in this district, but the only ones truly worth mentioning are the systems that have known life residing in them. Then there are the planets and systems that have no contact policies... But I digress.

There's also the fact that I am able to choose the district I want to work in, and since I like to stay relatively close to home, district five hundred and nineteen is where I typically keep my business. Sometimes I have to cross districts for the more... Case sensitive prospects, but that's not a common occurrence. Most of the time I outsource general supplies to different planets, depending on what they order. I ship medical supplies, produce, and just about any other list of relative items a specific planet is in need of. You see, a lot of companies prefer to use U.D.C. as a middle man, since we have such a wide reach when it comes to clientele. We have over eight hundred billion company centers spread across the universe, and almost every galaxy has a contract with us. The whole process can sound pretty complicated, but that's the point. We make things simple for the smaller companies who want to outsource their products to a wider audience. I, like these smaller companies, prefer to keep things simple... but lately my supervisor has decided my people skills would be more useful in other aspects of the company. I like the easy going 'ship said container from point A to point B' but hey, if a raise is in order... I don't mind managing the more delicate assignments. People are my specialty, so I might as well make use of it where I can.

Anyway, three weeks ago I was assigned to a newly discovered planet, Shaza, in hopes to iron out a contract with their government. The people of Shaza recently began working with the district union, trading unique resources for technology, and setting up necessary treaties and guidelines. So far, the union has been relatively successful with their workings, and Shaza has become a very welcome addition to my home district. My job now is to build a contract that provides us with the rights to a mineral that is native to their planet. This distinctly unique substance is absolutely priceless, and I have to do whatever it takes to win these people over so we can start trading it to other systems.

The people of Shaza call the wonder dust 'Shaza's Tears' because it of its cerulean color. Now, I'm not a blacksmith, but from what I've been told, when the Tears are melted, they can be welded into different metals, which not only gives them a new shiny blue color, but also makes them nearly in-fucking-penetrable. The indigenous people have been using the mineral by itself for generations now. When heated to the perfect temperature, the shiny blue sand melts into a thick, clay like substance and can be molded into just about anything... Which is really useful in most instances. the problem with that is that the material is extremely unmaleable after its cooled down, and because of this, its a bit brittle when applied with enough pressure. Now, when coupled with a sturdy metal like Ulitium for example, its like a match made in heaven. If the clay is folded into the metal enough times, it is thin enough to flex with it, but still sturdy enough to increase its density almost tenfold. The Tears aren't compatible with most soft metals, but can be coupled with just about anything stronger than steel. Not even diamond can cut through it after its set correctly.

The best part? The shit makes up nearly half the planet. This little desert rock in the corner of nowhere has one of the most indispensable resources known to the entire universe, and its my job to partner with them and monopolize the industry.

So here I am, orbiting a giant cerulean rock while I consider my possibilities. I have to make this offer sound pleasing enough to seal the damn deal, and for the first time in a long time I have literally no idea how to approach these people. I have never been to Shaza, and I have no knowledge of their social customs or anything. I'm going in completely blind, and I'm praying to whatever god's that may exist out there that I don't royally fuck this whole gig up. If I nail this contract, I am guaranteed a cut of the profit, and if that happens I'd pretty much be set for life.

The few things I do know only complicate the issue. So far, the Shazarine have little interest in our technology. They prefer their primitive way of life and have little desire to change it. The only things that hold value to them are clean water and metal tools, which I have packed into my personal ship for the sake of winning their favor. I'm not naive enough to think that tools and water alone are going to win their hand in this deal, but it may help me to build a relationship with them.

Another issue is that they are absolutely adamant we do not venture into the dark side of the planet. You see, the way Shaza orbits around the sun, it is always daylight on one side, and always night on the other, and they count days by their lunar cycle instead. For whatever reason, when we go anywhere near the other side of the planet, our electronics malfunction and shut down. The union has been trying to acquire permission to inspect the issue, but the Shazarine are refusing to cooperate with anyone on the subject. They do not want us in the 'Shadowlands' and the terms are apparently non-negotiable. So, as you can see, I'm dealing with a group of very stubborn people, and I fear that they will be just as stubborn when it comes to trading their Tears. Luckily I've been put on paid leave until I either make the deal or deem the mission a failure, so I can take my time immersing myself in their culture.

For all I know, I might end up spending months on this planet just to gain their trust and respect. its not so much an issue for me, but I'm worried about my crew mate. Knowing Mehkel, he will probably spend this time mulling around the union base that was set up a year and a half ago. its the only place on the planet that's been upgraded with regular tech, and I'm glad that he can at least can live comfortably while he waits for me to try and figure these people out.

"Hey Zaroi, how long do you plan to hover over the base? I'm itching to place my feet on solid ground," Mehkel snaps from behind me. "I wonder what the women down here are like. I bet their hearts are as black as their skin,"

"Their skin is burgundy, not black. Stop being such a jlota and let me land in peace," I shoot back at him with a mischievous grin, "Your voice is irritating enough to make me wish I was deaf,"

"No, your skin is red, jlota" He grins as he points to my crimson paler and then crosses his arms, turning to walk back down the hallway, "anyway, its not like it matters. People are all the same underneath,"

"Burgundy and red are not the same color, Mehkel,"

He grunts in response, disappearing to the back as I set my ship to auto pilot and let it dock to one of the charge ports at the base station.

It may not seem like it, but Mehkel is my closest friend. Honestly, he's more like a brother than anything, though we are about as different as the universe could manage. Being Ztarin and stocked with his races convenient mind manipulating capabilities, you would think he'd be more of a people person. Ironically, most Ztarin aren't friendly at all. Ztar was a frozen wasteland of a planet, existing on the border of district thirty nine before it was inevitably destroyed after their sun chose to supernova. Luckily for them, the union was able to evacuate their citizens before the blast took out three of the surrounding solar systems. It was a tragic catastrophe, but thanks to the union, no lives were lost in the process. The Ztarin were lucky to be rescued from their inevitable death, but their lack of a home planet became a serious issue.

The main problem was the fact that most people met the Ztarin with extreme distrust and fear. Their ability to read and manipulate brainwaves set them apart from the rest of society because their abilities made them dangerously powerful and unpredictable. Most of their people were placed in containment camps for their own protection, but even if the reason was a noble one, they were glorified prisoners nonetheless.

Mehkel grew up in one of those containment camps. He was twenty three by the time pro-activists deemed their treatment inhumane, and was thrown out into the world as a young adult with little to no concept on how to survive. Many of the Ztarin refugees died or sold themselves into slavery. The younger generation turned to crime. I met Mehkel when he broke into my ship and tried to smuggle my product into the Sable Trade Market. The moment I laid eyes on him I knew he was just a scared kid that needed a bit of guidance. I offered him a place on my crew and we've been friends ever since. I always worked solo before. Starsail is a small enough ship to man without help, but I have to admit it feels nice to have a bit of company.

He may be childish and pig headed, but he's got one of the keenest business senses I've ever seen. It probably has to do with his ability to read minds, but its invaluable regardless. I really wish I could have him tag along with me, but I know better than to think he could blend into this new society. Besides, his pale skin, ashen colored hair and Cole black eyes might frighten the Shazarine. Shit, I might frighten them too, with my seven foot tall frame, crimson skin, and a tail to top it off... But at least I'm friendly.

"I heard that!"

"Shut up Mehkel!"

I grin to myself in amusement as the ship clicks into place. I have to say, the scenery is something else. I expected some kind of dried out desert, but this place is buzzing with life. The sand is so bright its almost blinding to look at, and with the baby-shit colored sky, it almost feels like I'm standing upside down on planet Gadora. I set up the security system on the interface before I turn around and head for the landing, and damn do I feel excited. Something about this place just feels so... Refreshing. The main door slides open and I breath in the salty air as the ramp fans out before me. It smells like the ocean on my home planet, and that makes me like this place even more

"Ahh, it feels so good to be on land again," Mehkel says as he walks past me out into the station, "The gravity here is almost the same as Coren,"

I chuckle lightly as I follow him off the ramp, and I wait until it folds back into place before I continue on to the security booth. An old Gadorian is checking the system for my credentials, and he turns to face me with a wide, jagged toothed grin. His purple eyes glitter at me in that weird, reptilian way, and I smile back. Most people are frightened by Gadorian, but honestly, most of them are very nice people. They are as cool tempered as they are cold blooded, and after you get past their intimidating appearance, they're actually pretty easy to talk to. I look at his name tag and smile. Lueq is a good name, I think. Not too complicated, and it has a really nice ring to it.

"Every thing checks out, Mr. Zaroi," He says, his gravely voice grating like sandpaper on metal, "Welcome to Shaza,"

"Thank you, Lueq," I reply, "can you possibly point me in the direction of Shaz'kur?"

"Come on boss," Mehkel complains as Lueq sifts through his interface, "you won't even stop for a drink or two with me? We just got here!"

"Business first, Mehkel," I chide just as my portable interface pings, "thank you Lueq. I can assume my equipment will work elsewhere on the planet?"

"Yes, of course. Satellites have been set up throughout, so even though the natives don't rely much on tech, the people who do will have the option,"

"Wonderful. Thank you so much for your help. I'm not sure when I'll be back, but I'll leave the care of my ship to my crew mate, Mehkel. He should be listed on the release form,"

"Of course. I'll make sure he has no trouble with the other shift," Lueq replies with a nod of his head, and I thank him again before turning back to my ship to retrieve my hover-bike.

"It still creeps me out that I can't read them," Mehkel says to me as I type the security code into the hatch on the left hand side, "I mean, don't get me wrong, they are always more than pleasant with me, I just..."

"Yeah, now you know how everyone else feels around, well... Everyone," I chuckle as I lift the bike from the hatch and shut it, "anyway, be glad you have at least one ally out here. I don't want to come back and find out half the base has it out for you. Please, try to behave,"

"Hey, man. We are here on business. I know better,"

"I certainly hope so," I reply with a wry grin as I activate the G.P.S. system on my portable interface, and connect it to the hover-bike, "I'll see you later kid. Have fun. Just don't have too much fun,"

"I'll try," Mehkel laughs as he waves me farewell, and I activate my wind resistance visor before starting the bike and setting off in the direction of Shaz'kur.

They know I'm coming, which is a bit of a relief, and the fact that Shaz'kur is more up to speed as far as tech goes will make keeping up with future connections a lot easier. The new Shazar, or 'Shaza's vessel' is supposedly a really arrogant bastard, but he's a lot more open minded to innovations than the old Shazar was. I'm really glad for that, because I'm hoping that he will be more easy going with this business transaction. I've had a few conversations with Jhicaro Shazar, and I have a feeling he has a better understanding of how much his people could prosper from selling the Tears. I know a few other companies have tried to work out a deal with these people, but they are very particular about their magic sand. Apparently its a gift from 'Shaza' who is their deity of sorts. The problem with these other merchants is that they never tried to respect the customs of the Shazarine, so that's where I come in. If I can convince Jhicaro that these Tears of theirs will be handled with the respect that they deserve, then I might have an upper hand in the transaction. I'm hoping that he will hear me out, and honestly, I will jump through as many hoops as I possibly can, if it means I can complete this contract.

I've got two more hours before I make it to the Shaza Capital, and I'm feeling really good about this. Soon, I'll be on my way back to Coren, with a signed contact in hand, and a decent supply of Shaza's Tears ready to be sold to the highest bidder.

At least, that's what I keep telling myself.