 Chapter 7: "Do you see that? A wall of flames incinerating our city.... *sigh* ... Appropriate isn't it? Our mastery of fire was what originally set us apart from the other animals. Well my friend, I'll see you on the other side." Unknown speaker. Recording found in the ruins of Portsmouth, Former United Kingdom. Evidence suggests the city was destroyed by AS-10G "Earth Scorcher" Missiles.

-----------------------

"Damn, Damn, Damn, Damn...."

The words repeated themselves in Private White's mind. A meaningless mantra that staved off every other thought. Curses they might have been at some point, but now they were just a white noise that calmed his nerves.

And what was it that shook the battle hardened soldier so deeply? A new enemy? Some great weapon of the previous era? Or perhaps another battle for his very life.

No, it was none of these. 

The cause of his dread was a small young woman... There was nothing threatening about her. She was a tiny, delicate creature, that practically exuded innocence. Every now and then she would sneak a shy glance back at the warrior, but that was all. No weapons, no ill intent, not even a single word being spoken. So why was his heart beating so madly and his palms growing slick with sweat?

It was because he had a secret.

It was not like he would ever be found out. Why would anyone even suspect? Every few nights he would have to weave a little white lie of course, but he had almost perfected the art of deception.

You had to always keep the story simple, not make it too detailed or overcomplicated. Make sure it was easy to remember, but add a little spice to it every now and then. As for the appropriate emotions and facial expressions, you had to make yourself actually feel them, not just try to imitate them. The fact that embellishment was expected only made it that much easier.

His methods had served him well for years... But honestly, he had never expected to be in such a situation. He was a soldier away on almost constant tours of duty. What girl could possibly want to live with that? In all likelihood he would be dead before he even reached his twenty-fifth birthday.

Damn it all... Why couldn't he have been born a couple decades before the war? He had heard great stories about that time. Being able to travel to other countries without needing a fully armed division at your back. No fear of radiation clouds floating over your home. And more women than men... Certainly if he had been alive back then he would not be burdened with this problem.... But for all the stories he had told, and all his technical knowledge, there was no escaping the truth...

He was a virgin.

Sure, he could talk a mean game. Hell, he had even fooled all his comrades into believing it. But he had never really been with a girl. That's part of the reason he had been so quick to accept the dream he had of Annabel. For a moment he had thought that instinct had finally kicked in and his subconscious would tell him what it was like. In hindsight, the idea did not make much sense, but one can not exactly think straight in a dream.

So there was his problem. The most beautiful girl that he had ever laid eyes upon walked before him, and she had... expectations. Expectations that he was almost certain he could not fulfill. He hoped something would save him. Perhaps an attack on the house, or maybe the Sergeant changing his mind and barging in. Then he could.... What? He couldn't exactly ask for tips from his friends, not after all those stories. They would never let him live it down. Shit, if they started up then Annabel would have to hear them at some point. No way would she even think of giving him another chance. The young soldier's thoughts spiraled into ever more unlikely outcomes. His fears not slowing down for such petty things as sense and logic.

He was not the only one though. 

The young beauty that held his hand was filled with her own apprehensions. After all, she was even less knowledgeable than her Master. Where he had access to all the carnal knowledge of humanity through their various data networks. All she had to go on were whispered innuendo and bawdy songs heard in the less reputable areas of her home. 

Yes, she had seen her Sister... making the acquaintances of various women, of both the demonic and angelic classes, but she had never dared take up such a practice. What would her Master think of her? And of course, she could not ask her Sister about her dalliances. That would be extremely inappropriate...

Inwardly she sighed. She would have to rely on her Master once more. She dearly hoped he would not think less of her. In the short time that they had known each other she was already deep in his debt. And she saw no hope of changing that imbalance. This world was just so strange to her, nothing was as it should be...

But for now she had to sort what little knowledge she did have. She knew the.. physical... difference between men and women of course. All those vulgar demons running about in naught a stitch of clothing made certain of that. Occasionally, they would even rut in the streets... The audacity! ...She did harbor a bit of regret that she had not examined their couplings more closely though. They would have undoubtedly provided many hints as to what she was to do. She simply could never bring herself to look. Even now she could feel a blush forming at the thought.

But inspiration struck her. Perhaps she did not know, but she had a way of finding out. Something in her immediately rebelled though. This was her Master she was thinking about. It would be such a terrible invasion of his privacy. And when he were to find out, what would he do? It was certainly a question of when, not if. She would have to tell him at some point... But she had to know. Perhaps he would even forgive her. After all, she was doing it for his benefit... Wasn't she?

She quickly decided that there was no other choice and would have to go on with her new plan. Her insides seemed to squirm about in protest, but she had too. What was that old saying her Sister had? Ah yes... It is easier to ask forgiveness than it is to ask permission... She hoped it was true...

All these thoughts and fears flashed through their minds in the short time it took to reach the side of the bed. Once there, Annabel turned towards her Master. It was now or never, if she waited too long he would notice the difference. She was not sure how well it would work though. She had never used her gift on a Creator, let alone her very Master.

White no idea of what she was planning. He was busily examining her every movement and expression. It was not helping him one whit though. All those guides kept talking about how to understand what a woman wanted and when they wanted it. But how was he supposed to know when her pupils were dilated and all that other medical sounding crap?

As they moved closer to each other, Annabel forgot her plan. Her Master looked so very... masculine. All those muscles.... And so very firm... She blushed crimson. Her thoughts felt so deliciously wicked. But what would he think of her? She was throwing herself at him like a wanton harlot.

Looking down at her, White's thoughts could not have been farther from her fears. He had never seen any woman that could ever hope to compare with her. She was so delicate and graceful... and so soft and warm. He especially loved those big, expressive eyes of hers. They would always look up at him as if he could do anything. With those striking blue irises. They were a light blue, like the sky on a warm summer day. With little silver flecks in them in them as if you could still see the stars. Those flecks would move about in odd little patterns, then they would chase each other, racing around, and around, and around.....

There. Annabel was pretty certain that she had managed to hypnotize her Master. He had stopped moving and his breathing had slowed as if he were asleep. That was the easy part though. Now she had to wait and hope that she could attune herself well enough to understand his thoughts.

This technique was extremely awkward, but she was not about to delve into his mind. She could not even forgive herself for such a trespass, let alone hope her Master would. The way she was going about it was more like trying to find the scent of a particular flower in the middle of a field. The thoughts and emotions of everyone near her would waft past her and she had to follow the right fragrance. Few beings had the mental discipline to hide their thoughts, so they would all float about in this manner. Once she got into her trance the scents would change into voices. Instead of a field, now she was in a noisy tavern. It was like overhearing conversations all around her, but was much easier than following a vague scent Even without trances or hypnotizing though, she had the passive ability to feel the emotions of the people around her. It was even stronger with her Master. But she had to either delve into his mind or attune to his thoughts to learn more.

Annabel slowly began the process. With so many others in the house it was difficult to concentrate on just his thoughts. One by one she identified the mental voices of the soldiers and tuned them out. At one point she came upon the thoughts of her Sister and her sister's master. Annabel's crimson flush returned and her concentration nearly broke. She moved on quickly, but not fast enough. She had gotten a hefty dose of emotion from her Bond-Sister. The room suddenly seemed warmer and she noted a very embarrassing moistness between her legs.

Wide-eyed, she did her best to continue, finally coming upon her own Master's thoughts. As he was hypnotized, all she found were a jumble of images and snippets of his voice that came from his memory. Thankfully, most people thought in their own voices. It annoyed her no end when she found the rare case that thought in music or some other abstract way. 

Now that she had attuned herself to him, she took a moment to sort through the pieces of information that he was sending out. First she tried the voices, but did not find much to work with. Many were indeed her Master's, but others belonged to the soldiers, her Sister, and even herself. She smiled at how clear he was keeping the memory of her voice. But this was not what she was looking for. They were just various memories of the day being filed and sorted. What she needed were his more recent thoughts.

So she turned to the images, and immediately her breath caught. They were all of her! And he made her look so very beautiful. His perceptions colored each one and made her out to be so much more than she could accept she really was. She held one of the floating memories still, and saw herself sleeping in his arms. His hand was resting lightly on her cheek as if he had been brushing away a stray strand of hair and had stopped mid-motion. In his mind, she practically glowed. Holding back a tear of joy at the affection she felt in this memory, she moved to another. This one was from just moments ago. She looked back at him shyly and bit her bottom lip. The arousal that permeated this image was undeniable She had not believed she could be so embarrassed, but she had just been proven wrong. It had not at all been her intention to look so.... fuckable... Yes, that.... Wait, what?!

That word... had certainly not come from her! Panic rose in her as she looked for its source. Her Master had thought it. But he was hypnotized, how was that possible?! Cautiously, she brought up another image. She needed to test him and see if he really had that thought or if it was just a fluke. This next memory was from the march after they hade made it out of the forest, but it was a little odd. The focus did not seem quite right. Perhaps if she allowed it to play itself out.... Ah that was the problem, they were all moving in this memory. She continued to watch, but was a bit confused. He kept staring at the back of her skirt. And yet again she felt his arousal. She did not see anything wrong with her dress or anything to be inciting any interest, so what could he possibly be looking at?.... That ass... Ahh, so that... What.?!

Annabel was speechless. She did not know what to think of such a scandalous observation. But she was becoming.... Between her thighs... Ohhh.... this was unspeakably embarrassing!

She had to compose herself. Her Master should not have been able to interject thoughts while she was observing his memories. Through all the years that she had used her abilities, she had never come across such an occurrence. Oh no, what if he remembered all this when she broke the trance?! The dread in the pit of her stomach had returned ten fold. She feared what he might do or think, but she could not hold the trance for much longer. With a shuddering breath, she released her hold on him and awaited the inevitable.

Private White blinked. He felt odd, not bad, just odd. What had he been thinking about anyway? Something about stars... He mentally shook himself. This was no time to go off on a tangent. Annabel was looking up at him expectantly. But there was worry in her eyes? Why was that? In his concern, he broke the silence that had reigned for so long.

"What's wrong?"

Relief washed over her. He did not remember.

"Nothing at all Master."

She was trying to evade him, but White was not one to give up easily. He stared at her silently, keeping the expression on his face soft so she would not misunderstand his intent. She tried to match his gaze for a moment, but began fidgeting and soon turned away. He smiled. She was downright adorable. Placing a single finger under her chin, he gently forced her to look at him once more.

"I...," Annabel stuttered. She could not bring herself to outright lie, but neither could she tell him what she had done.

"You can tell me... please?" White whispered in her ear.

"I... I'm... IdonotknowhowtolaywithyouMaster."

Her words spilled out in a nearly unintelligible jumble. As soon as they left her mouth though, her eyes grew as wide as dinner plates. She could not believe she had just said that! She was absolutely mortified. But her feeling of shame grew even deeper as she realized that by admitting such a thing, the entire point of hypnotizing him was rendered null. In just one sentence she had undone everything she had worked for! Her Master would certainly shun her now...

White stared at her blankly. He supposed that it had been possible... but he had never imagined... he had always been so afraid of his own inexperience that he had never thought... Oh, wow.

He was absolutely stunned. His mind was trying to wrap around a possibility that he had never before considered. But his reverie was soon broken. As he stared down at his love, he noticed something glistening on her cheek. His hand rose, as if by its own accord, and lightly touched the spot he had noticed. The tip of his finger came away moist. A tear? But why?

"Love, why are you crying? Its no big deal. I'm... I've never lain with a woman either." 

White tried to awkwardly comfort her. He still could not bring himself to say the V word, so he had taken up her mode of speech. But it did not help. A half-shudder, half-sob escaped from her and she began crying in earnest. She hugged him as tightly as she could and her tears were soon soaking through his shirt. White did not know what to do or say. Sure, he knew how scary it was to admit such a thing, but it had not been that bad. Or maybe she really was just more afraid than he had been...? He stood there dumbly and hugged her back, trying to give her what little comfort he could.

A few minutes passed and her tears came more slowly. An occasional sob still shook her, but she was nearly composed enough to speak again. She knew there was no avoiding it anymore. Even if he did accept that all her tears were shed for the fear of her virginity, the truth would still weigh heavy on her heart. She wanted to be fully with her Master, and keeping any kind of secret would forever keep them apart. Trying to control her voice, she began explaining. If he cast her off and never wished to speak to her again... it was his right...

"M-master," she hiccupped, "I did something ter-terrible."

She paused for a moment, trying to gather her courage. White could only look down in confusion. She had been with him all day. What could she possibly have done that he had not seen?

"I... without your permission.. I.. Hyp-hypnotized you and looked through your me-memories."

She closed her eyes tightly and waited for him to push her away. But his hold on her did not falter. Was he not angry...? She couldn't stand not knowing and, despite it being the entire cause of her predicament, she peeked in at his thoughts. She found that he was still running her words through his mind. There was a lot of confusion as well, but no anger. Did he not understand what she had done?

He really did not. White was trying, but could not make heads nor tails of what she had just told him. Hypnotizing him? Looking through his memories? What was she talking about...? Well whatever she had done it was obviously upsetting her, and he could not allow her continue in such misery. But how was he supposed to comfort her when he did not even know what he was comforting her about? Despite his lack of understanding, he had to try.

"I'm not sure what you mean love, but it can't be all that bad. I'm perfectly fine, see?"

"No, no, no. Master you don't un-understand. I broke into your thoughts... Like a... like a thief!" Fresh tears welled up in her eyes, and Annabel began crying once more.

White was still at a loss. But she said she was a thief. That must have meant she was upset over having taken something from him... didn't it?

"Shhhh... It's alright. Listen, everything I have, I share with you. So you can't be a thief, because there's nothing to take."

Her sobs quieted. She looked up at him, blinking away her tears.

"But, I..."

White placed a finger across her lips to keep her from trying to argue with him. Once he was sure that she would not try, he removed his hand and smiled down at her.

"You did absolutely nothing wrong, and you are not going to convince me otherwise, understand?"

Eyes wide, she only nodded.

"Good. Now I think we were in the middle of something, Hmm?"

She was frozen in place. The only evidence that she had heard him was a small squeak that caused her Master's smile to widen.

White's fears and awkwardness were long gone. In their place he felt only adoration, and a deep, burning desire for his sweet Annabel. With no further ceremony, he bent down and carried his love. As he held her in his arms, she blushed furiously and cast him shy glances.

Moonlight streamed in through the broken windows of the old house, and a breeze lazily wound its way between the shattered glass, bringing with it the scent of flowers from a nearby meadow. Neither of the two lovers could imagine a more perfect night.

Their hearts beat a thunderous rhythm as White moved to gently lay her on the bed. Before rising, a roguish smile spread across his face. He ducked, quick as lightning, and stole a kiss from his beloved. Her breath caught at the unexpected sensation. While she was recovering he joined her on the mattress and they basked in their shared warmth.

No more thoughts, no more words.

One of his hands ran down the outside of her arm. A tender caress that mesmerized his love as surely as she had mesmerized him. When he reached her wrist, he continued on so that they intertwined their fingers. It was a symbolic gesture. As they traveled down whatever paths of pleasure were to be laid out before them, they would do so hand in hand.

They shared another kiss and affectionately nuzzled. The warmth shooting through their veins was getting to be too much though. They reluctantly released each other and moved to undo their clothing. White worked quickly, slipping off his shirt and unlacing his boots. They dropped to the floor with a resounding thump that made him wince, but he ignored it. Before he could begin on his pants, he noticed that Annabel was having trouble with her own clothing. 
