 If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to learn about this world. 

Fourth Tale: Degrees of Slavery Part One. Miser's Misery. 

Not all women's slaves experience the same submission. 

A man who is enslaved by a woman's sexual trap has to obey her. If he genuinely loves her he will enjoy doing what she wants him to do. The act he is asked to do will give him a warm feeling inside at the least. He loved to do her will. Obedience might give him the impression of an overwhelming orgasm. A willing slave will have the impression that he is wrapped in his mistress's love at all times.

An unwilling slave will have a very different experience. His mind will be fighting her control always. He will do the minimum necessary to meet the specific order. A mistress who wants an unwilling slave to do something must word her order very precisely. Her slave will do exactly what she requires and no more; will resist and will try to minimise the action. For example if asked to wash up the crockery, the unwilling slave would wash up the crockery but not cutlery, nor saucepans. He would not dry up or put the crockery away. A willing slave would not have to be asked to wash up. He would wash up everything, dry it, and put it away tidily in the right places without even having to be given an order.

It does not matter what sort of trap made a willing slave. It is very significant to an unwilling slave. There are degrees of compulsion. A woman's sexual trap varies. So does the effect on an unwilling slave. The weakest traps are those that rely on the woman's natural sex appeal such as scent, breasts and lips. As such a woman ages the effect of her trap on her slaves weakens until her control may become slight or non-existent. Traps that are not related to a woman's body last longer or even her lifetime. Angela's use of clothing is an example. She could use any feminine garment that had some trace of her on it. Since she never had to touch the man her own attractiveness was unimportant. Some women thought it unfair that Angela remained devastatingly beautiful even in late middle age. She didn't need to. All Angela's slaves were willing slaves.

Slavery to a lactating woman who had given her slave less than a pint of her milk was stronger than a sexual trap and lasted for her lifetime. It could be broken and replaced by another lactating woman but not by a sexual trap. 

Deirdre the Golden Siren was and is unique. The slavery induced by her singing produced lifetime willing and ecstatic slaves even from men who had been protected from all other forms of slavery. The deaths of slaves who could not endure her order to stay more than five miles from her was a unique event. They could not live without the occasional presence of their mistress.

The events affecting the Smith family would not have happened except for the degrees of obedience in unwilling slaves. 

Jonas Smith was a rich man and successful. In his business he took risks and bought wisely. At home he was a skinflint, a miser and a cheapskate. He was also a snob. All these characteristics were important factors in his downfall and that of his only son Adam. Adam was developing his father's unpleasant traits without the business flair.

Mona, Jonas' wife, was also his mistress. Her breast trap had captured him and made him her slave. At the time he had submitted willingly because Mona's family was socially superior. Mona had trapped him and made him her husband because of his money. 

Both were regretting their union. Jonas resented her control of him. She had to order him in the strongest words possible to get him to spend the minimum money necessary to run the household. She was fighting his miserliness and uncomfortably aware that the effects of her breast trap were weakening.

There is an underground association of women who have problems controlling their unwilling slave husbands. Unwilling slaves who were not husbands were best abandoned as useless. Most women had at least one willing slave. One willing slave would happily do more for a woman than three or four unwilling ones. Husbands, especially those who were fathers, could not be discarded so easily.

Any normal slave is at risk of capture by another fertile female. It is not polite to capture someone else's husband. It is done but is a social faux-pas.

The underground association made use of that risk. Another member would arrange to capture an unwilling slave husband. That capture overrode the wife's original capture. The new mistress would order her slave into a position that enabled the wife to capture her husband back, reinforcing the slavery. It bought time for a woman whose charms were fading. The slavery was stronger than the original and her orders would be obeyed for a few months longer. Mona Smith had made use of the association's services three times but knew that her time was coming to an end. Jonas's miserliness would soon be stronger than her control.

That was the situation when Adam was close to his 18th birthday. It took all of Mona's efforts to order Jonas to acquire the services of a milker for Adam. She nearly lost her voice shouting at Jonas before he agreed.

Even then, Jonas spent the absolute minimum. He paid for the services of one of Fred's drug-laced milkers just before Fred was killed by Rachel. The milker, Mary, had held Adam to her breasts once and had failed to produce more than a teaspoonful or two. Why? Because Jonas had paid her personally to provide milk to him first. She had held Jonas to her breasts before Adam. Jonas took most of the drug and had an unpleasant day of mild hallucination.

Jonas wanted Mary to break Mona's control. That Mary had done. Jonas was now her slave, not Mona's. So was Adam. The milk induced slavery was far stronger than Mona's had been. Jonas and Adam had to obey Mary's lightest wish to the whole of their abilities.

Mona had been well aware that Jonas would spend the minimum on a milker. She had met Mary at the door and had spent a quarter of an hour with her before Jonas had his session with Mary. Mona hadn't wasted her time. Mary had agreed, for a fee, to act as Mona's agent. Mary was pleased to do it. She hadn't like Jonas off-hand treatment of her as an object needed to achieve his goals and not as a person.

Jonas was furious and horrified when Mary ordered him to obey Mona as if the commands were from Mary. He couldn't refuse and had to comply. Mary did the same to Adam. A mother couldn't enslave her son. No woman could enslave a blood relative. Yet Adam was now forced to obey his mother's slightest wish as if he were really her slave.

The next few days were bliss for Mona. Her husband and son were kept running around doing things for her. Jonas had to go to work yet he had to ring Mona every lunch time. He was strictly forbidden to flirt with his secretary. Mona hadn't objected before even though she knew about the flirtation. She issued the order just to remind Jonas how controlled he was.

The normal next step with one of Fred's drug-laced milkers would have been a few more visits to get the drug into the youth's system so he was addicted. Then the milker would have been withdrawn and further payment demanded from the parents. That didn't happen because Fred was dead.

Mary was admitted to a clinic to wean her off the drugs. All Fred's drugged milkers had the same treatment paid for by Celia and Rachel from the proceeds of Fred's business.

Mary rang Mona and told her everything. She asked for the temporary loan of Adam. Mona agreed. It would do her spoilt son good to learn how to obey a woman and if Mary was cured she could provide the full pint of milk to protect Adam. Mona was having enough fun with Jonas and was grateful to Mary.

Mary made Adam the skivvy for all the women undergoing treatment as a result of Fred's activities. He had to wash their clothes, iron them, put them away neatly. When they could think of nothing else for him to do, he had to crouch at Mary's feet as a footstool. Mary enjoyed having a personal slave that she could lend to her friends.

One of the others had a suggestion. They had all been deprived of their scent trap by Fred and couldn't force men to ejaculate. Yet as milkers they controlled men. They could order Adam to ejaculate. That would count towards the five men they needed to become fertile.

Mary tried first. She told Adam to strip. He stripped in the middle of a ward full of women. She ordered him to masturbate himself and ejaculate. He did. Mary shouted for joy. Her friends clapped and cheered.

Mary told him to wear a maid's little lace-trimmed apron and nothing else. Every hour for the rest of that day Mary would order him to obey another of her friends. That friend would tell Adam to flip up his apron and masturbate. By the end of the day all Mary's friends had added Alan as one of the men on their tally towards fertility.

At the end of the day Mary sent a drained Adam back to Mona. She reinforced her order for him to obey Mona. She gave him a letter to take to Mona that Adam should not open and should give to Mona when Jonah was not around. She also ordered him not to come on the next day and try to persuade some of his male friends to visit the clinic with him where free 'milkers' were available. She and her friends would provide free milk in exchange for a forced masturbation towards their tally.

Mona opened Mary's letter as soon as she had sent Adam out of her room. She then summoned the one so far unmentioned member of the Smith household. What happened as a result of that letter and the meeting will be told in the next tale of events in the Smith household.

The day after next Adam returned with four friends. Each was allocated to one of Mary's friends and eagerly sucked at their breasts. They didn't enjoy stripping and donning maid's aprons nor the repeated forced masturbations. Adam was included even though unnecessarily to reinforce his subjection. At the end of the day all the 'milkers' including Mary had reached the minimum five men necessary. All they had left to do was to kill a man with their sexual trap, the trap they had lost. How was this obstacle to be overcome? Each man was sent away with orders to search for a solution.

Adam, although a spoilt but changing brat, had some brains. He went to the Temple to seek advice. As a man he couldn't be admitted to the inner sanctum and his visit caused some fluttering among the priestesses. They couldn't answer Mary's dilemma and sought the advice of Deirdre and the senior priestesses. Deirdre had no idea. Apart from being a Golden Siren and therefore unique, she had no special knowledge. One of the very old priestesses had.

"You say that they are all 'milkers', young man?"

"Chemically induced ones, yes, but they are milkers."

"Then they do have a sexual trap. They can enslave men with their breast milk if it is sucked from their breasts. If they express it and give it to a man indirectly it will entrap them. It is no more effective than a scent trap, for example, so very few use it. If they have milk they enslave a man overriding all other normal traps yet they do not give the ecstatic enchantment nor the uncontrolled orgasms. Men who drink from a woman's breasts do not orgasm. Men who drink her milk away from her breast will ejaculate feverishly as with any other sexual trap. Does that solve your dilemma, young man?"

"Yes, priestess," Adam said. He lifted her wrinkled hand to his lips and kissed it. "Thank you. Thank you!"

The old priestess giggled almost girlishly.

"It has been a long time since anyone kissed my hand. That I liked."

Adam became daring. He wrapped his arms around the priestess and kissed her full on the lips. He released her and stood back.

"That was a tribute to your kindness and wisdom and for the beauty you must have been."

Deirdre smiled over the priestess's head.

"She was, Adam, she was. She had to retreat to the Temple because her beauty drove men mad. Her face was her trap. She had to cover it with veils just to walk along the street."

"That was a long time ago, Adam," added the old priestess. "I wish I'd had one slave wise enough to see beyond my appearance to what is beneath as you have just done."

"That recognition has only come because my current mistress has taught me that though abused she is still good at heart."

"I am glad to hear it, Adam, but go before we think to keep you here as our slave."

"You couldn't!" Adam retorted without thinking. "nothing overrides slavery to a woman's milk."

"I do." said Deirdre quietly. "Would you like to hear a Golden Siren sing? Go quickly before I change my mind."

Adam ran out of the Temple with Deirdre's laughter in his ears. The next day he returned to Mary and told her the priestess's advice. That made her and her friends very happy. She tried some of her expressed milk on Adam. He writhed in ecstasy on her bed. Mary was considerate. She let him lie down first.

Mary and her friends had to find suitable men to kill. The clinic helped, after a large donation from Fred's money. They had many men who were badly damaged by drug abuse. Some of the worst damaged succumbed happily to the erotic fantasies induced by the women's milk. All Fred's ex-milkers were now fertile and as long as they could produce milk could entrap men. As they were discharged one by one they rejoined the community and their families with some status above the outcasts that Fred had made them.

Jonas and Adam were still Mary's helpless slaves yet she didn't want them. Before she left the city she visited them at home and ordered them to continue to obey Mona. Mona was relieved yet had a nagging doubt. Did she want her son to remain enslaved to a milker whom she'd never see again? Would Jonas try to break his slavery again? Her breast trap was virtually useless. It was useless against Mary's control. Mary's letter had given Mona the solution but it was a drastic course of action. Would she follow Mary's advice? The next tale will reveal what Mona did. 

Appendix

Shelacta (pronounced She-Lacta) is a contemporary parallel world very similar to our own early 21st Century world except in its sexual practices.

Sexual changes have affected the human race. Young women have become forced to be sexual predators. Once a woman has reached the age of 18 she is mature but she must force five men to orgasm before she becomes potentially fertile. At least one of the five of the five men must be killed by the sexual act of the pre-fertile woman. To help her achieve this women have mutated into developing sexual traps.

If a pre-fertile woman allows a man to penetrate her she loses her sexual trap and it is very difficult for her to become mature except with the help of consenting men. If a man penetrates a mature but pre-fertile woman he becomes immune to women's sexual traps. If he penetrates a fertile woman her trap makes him her slave, whether or not conception occurs. The fertile woman controls whether she wants to conceive or not. The number of male slaves a woman has determines her status. Any of her slaves is at risk of death from a pre-fertile woman, or capture by another fertile woman. 

A woman who has lost her sexual trap is an outcast even when fertile because she has no normal means of making a man her slave.

Chastity belts for either sex are both immoral and illegal. The possession or use of such a device is a capital offence and execution is almost inevitable.

A pregnant woman freezes her status once the pregnancy is confirmed. She can immunise her male slaves against other women by wiping her pussy over their faces at least once a week. She can do this if she is actually pregnant but the pregnancy isn't yet confirmed.

A lactating woman is special. Even if she has lost her sexual trap she is attractive to men because her milk can free them. Every man who drinks a pint of her milk directly from her breasts becomes his own master again. He will be immune to sexual traps for life but from the first sip until he has drunk the whole pint he is the lactating woman's slave and that slavery overrides all others even after she ceases to produce milk. Lactation is the only way for a woman who has lost her sexual trap to achieve status.

Males under the age of 18 are taboo and incapable of arousal. The best birthday present a family can give a son is to buy the services of a lactating woman until he has drunk a pint of her milk. Women who can produce a genuine pint at one feed are rare and much sought after. Most paid 'milkers' have to have several sessions with the fortunate son until the pint has been delivered. The procedure is embarrassing to the son because until he has drunk the full pint he is the 'milker's' slave and as she is usually an outcast of low status his predicament makes him the butt of humour from his contemporaries. There have been several stage farces written around this situation. If she cannot deliver the full pint for whatever reason, he is her slave for life.

The author of these tales has limited access to view journals and magazines from Shelacta. From that access he has extracted some stories that might interest our world.