 Horney Greater was walking through the deepest darkest part of the forest outside the castle. She was very worried. Her closest friend, Heavy Peeter was in a deep coma. Someone had cast an evil spell on Heavy that had him laid up in the infirmary just holding onto life. The spell kept him barely breathing and pale as a ghost. One terrible side effect on poor Heavy kept his cock rock hard sticking straight up towards the sky. 

Once word got out many of the slutty girls from the three houses tried to sneak into the infirmary when the nurses went on break or retired for the night to use poor Heavy's dick until they had cum several times. I know that for a fact because I could taste their pussy honey left behind on his cock. WELL SOMEONE had to clean him up!

I snuck into the rare books area and poured over thousands of pages to find a cure for poor Heavy. During that time I did find a spell for a powder that if sprinkled on Heavy's dick would turn a girl's pussy neon green. I got even with those sluts for using Heavy's big hard dick for their own pleasure. I of course had the antidote when I pounded that cock to several earth shattering orgasms each night. I had to use a silence spell on myself to keep from screaming as I came all over that beautiful cock. Dam if I didn't choke myself cleaning that long thick dick.

Finally I found the antidote spell I needed. But I was horrified to see what the main ingredient was. That is why I am walking alone in the dangerest part of the woods. Suddenly I was challenged by a strong deep voice. 

"Who walks these woods on this dark night and enters the realm of the giants without permission?" 

"It's Horney Greater and I come on a quest to save the life of my best friend, Heavy Peeter," I said. 

"We know Heavy Peeter and hold him in great esteem. What is it you wish," he questioned.

"I seek an audience with the king of the giants and must speak only to him," I spoke strongly. I heard no reply and no sound for several minutes then "Wait here and do not move about." 

After some time I heard loud thumping and a magnificently large and strong giant came into view. His body shone in the moon light and I could see his strength extended long beneath him. Its length and thickness took my breath away and turned my panties moist. 

"What is it you desire Horney Greater of the King of the giants?" he rumbled and stomped the ground. His movement brought his torso into view and he was quite handsome. 

"My best friend Heavy Peeter is in a deep coma from an unknown evil spell and I seek a very specific ingredient from your majesty," I spoke with reverence then bowed deeply. 

"And what is this special ingredient that you need from me fair lady," he replied.

"Your sperm," I replied. 

He broke into a deep hearty laugh that shook the air, and then sputtered, "My sperm? And how to you plan to obtain this precious fluid?"

I went on to tell the king that there could be only one way to harvest his sperm as it must also be mixed with the vaginal juices of a human female. He then asked me how that could happen. I told him that with various spells I would prepare my vagina to receive his huge cock and would mate with him until he discharged within me.

"Are you sure of this as I could damage you beyond repair. My essence and coupling could ravage your mind," he spoke softly. 

I reached under my skirt and withdrew my soaking wet panties. I walked towards him and motioned to lower his head to me. I then rubbed my panties across his lips and under his nose. He snorted loudly. I waved my wand at my pussy and spoke the spells I needed. I then turned my back to the king and laid out across a large tree log then pulled my skirt up onto my back.

One of my spells caused volumes of my fragrant pussy honey to drip out from between my pussy lips and moisten my entrance. My scent caught the night breeze and waiffed up towards the king. He snorted and pounded the ground then thumped towards me. I jumped in fright then he pounded his front arms on either side of me almost cracking the log into pieces. 

I moaned when I felt his large cock slide down the crack of my ass. I reached back with my hand and tried to grip his manhood. My hand would not reach fully around it. I slid both my hands between my legs and took hold of his cock and began to rub the head between my pussy lips. My body shuddered each time I rubbed his helmet against my clit. I swelled to a large nub and sent shocks up and down my body. I finally placed his plumb sized head at the entrance to my pussy and pushed back till his helmet popped inside.

I moaned loudly to the night as the king began to slowly sink his ton of meat deep into my cunt. The special spells allowed me to accept his huge cock but I felt stuffed to the point of being damaged. I then felt his large nut sack lay against my pussy lips and knew he was fully into my cunt. As he slowly withdrew to his large dickhead I felt such an emptiness I started to sob.

"Patience my sweetness I will play your pussy with my cock like a sweet lyre of the giants," he whispered leaning over my back then in one movement he slid his cock fully into me and tapped the deepest part of my vagina. I thought with worry that I might have not cast my spell correctly. 

He then started to pound my cunt with his huge cock. Each push in depth pulled my clit onto his descending dick sending shocks through my pussy and body and my mind. I gave myself to his powerful rutting and had my first strong orgasm. "I'm coming," I screamed into the night and shook on his dick. I sprayed pussy honey all over his balls and down his flanks. Several more minutes of his pounding caused several strong orgasms throughout my pussy. 

I was loosing my strength to hang onto my mind when I heard the king begin to snort and howl then felt him slam his cock so deep into me I felt my womb try to open to take all of him. He humped my cunt hard with his cock and I felt it swell each time he did. My cunt was coated with six or seven hot ropes of his sperm. I reached under myself again and encircled his cock at the base and slid my hand down his cock as he began to withdraw getting his last few drops into my pussy.

The king leaned back then slowly walked off into the woods. I cupped a hand over the gaping hole that use to be my pussy and waited until my breath returned. I stood slowly and moved to my pack and withdrew the gold encased container. I squatted to my knees and placed my pussy over the opening. I felt the king's sperm and my pussy honey leaking out and dripping into the container. It felt like a pint of thick hot cum dripped slowly into the cup. I squeezed my pussy and pushed down to get all of the special liquid to leave my hot damaged oven.

When all of it was out I sealed the container but then pushed two fingers into my cunt until I was sure they were soaked then shoved them into my mouth and licked my fingers clean. A warmth of power began to spread throughout my body so I hungrily pounded those two fingers several times up my cunt devouring whatever fluids I could capture. The power built up in me and enhanced my female essence leaving me with an increased hunger to need sex to be satisfied. I knew I would feed on any willing male or female partners to satisfy that hunger.

I walked slowly back to the castle as my pussy ached between my moist thighs. I entered a lab and completed the potion I needed to revive Heavy. I apparated into the infirmary and removed the soft blanket covering Heavy. I had to pour the sperm enhanced potion into my mouth then slide my mouth slowly down Heavy's dick until I touched his soft pubic hairs. I held his dick fully in my mouth and bathed his cock with the potion using my tongue. Keeping my lips tight around Heavy's dick I slid up and down letting his dick swim in the potion held warmly in my mouth.

I slowly felt that Heavy was thrusting upwards into my mouth when I had slid up to his dickhead. His thrusting increased and moaning loudly his hand pushed my head down onto the full length of his cock and pulsed six or seven ropes of cum into my mouth to mix with the potion. I sucked tightly to Heavy's dickhead then moved up to his lips. I kissed his lips and opened his mouth with my hot tongue and slowly dribbled the heavy sperm enhanced potion down his throat.

When it was all gone I kissed Heavy tenderly and watched his body begin to change to a warm pink driving out the pale ghostly hue. I lost my strength and sliding to the floor passed out. I awoke to warm arms cuddling me on the bed and heard Heavy say, "Hi Horney what's been going on. I feel like I slept for a week." 

"Heavy I will tell you all about it but right now I want your big cock deep up my pussy," I whispered while mounting him and slowly sinking my restored pussy down to the base of his cock. "Oh yes you feel so good, I'm so filled up so give me everything you got," I whispered.

Horney took everything she needed from Heavy's cock, multiple times.