 If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to learn about this world.

Third Tale: The Businessman and the Actress.

Fred was known as a 'warm' man. He was not liked but known to make money from almost everything he touched. The legality of most of his enterprises was dubious but he made most money from the mischance of catching a heavy cold.

While he was recovering he still had heavy catarrh and a blocked nose. Sarah, a pre-fertile woman whose sexual trap was her scent tried to trap him. He couldn't detect Sarah's scent and her trap failed. Fred wasn't the man to miss an opportunity. He grabbed Sarah and roughly penetrated her, causing her to lose her sexual trap. You can see why Fred wasn't liked.

He then offered Sarah a deal to prevent her from becoming an outcast. If she would work for him as a chemically induced 'milker' he would provide the men necessary for her to become fertile. Sarah reluctantly accepted and effectively became his slave. He promised the men but took his time delivering them.

As a 'milker' Sarah was hired out to families with sons approaching their 18th birthdays who couldn't afford the cost of milkers from reputable sources. Fred would let Sarah give the first couple of feeds to the son and then whisk her away. She would be returned only after a further larger payment to Fred. Desperate families raised loans, mortgaged their homes, sold their cars, did anything to raise the cash. Fred made them very aware that their son would not be Sarah's slave but Fred's.

Fred had some nose plugs made to fit. Then he went looking for pre-fertile women who used their scent as a trap. Once he had penetrated them he offered the same deal as he had offered Sarah. Soon he had a stable of twenty milkers and was trading under a succession of company names as soon as each company became notorious.

Only once did this ploy fail. One woman was allergic to the chemical and vomited out every dose. Fred didn't want to waste her so he considered her other talents. Celia wanted to be an actress so Fred sent her for interview at a stage school. Fred told her that she could only be entered at the school if she would identify pre-fertile women with scent traps to him. The bargain was one woman for each term's fees and board.

Celia begged and pleaded for Fred to release her, to allow her just to go, but he wouldn't. Eventually she agreed to his infamous bargain. She would identify one scent trap woman for each term of stage school. What she didn't say was that she would warn every woman she identified about Fred's activities. Woman after woman evaded Fred's clumsy attempts at penetration. Celia claimed that she had fulfilled her part of the bargain. If Fred was incompetent, that wasn't her fault, was it?

Celia wanted to be independent of Fred but she wasn't earning any money as a student actress. She started moonlighting doing bit parts in TV commercials. She emoted well as one of 'Two tarts in a kitchen' enthusing about the new cleaning product. She had begun to build up money in a bank account. Then she had her big break.

As she was leaving the stage academy one evening she was approached by a woman she recognised as a frequent spectator at the small productions the students put on at the end of each term.

"Celia," the woman said, "I understand that you need money."

Celia started. How could this woman know that?

"I might," she said cautiously.

"Then I might be able to help you. Tomorrow, skip the canteen lunch and meet me at my office. You'll get a free meal and I'll make a suggestion to you. You can turn it down with no hard feelings on either side. I don't think you will reject it."

The woman pressed a business card into Celia's hand and walked away. Celia looked at the card. It read "Ms. Victoria, Casting Agent, Scram Video Productions" with an address close to the stage academy. Celia walked past the address on the way back to her tiny bedsit. It looked like a normal if scruffy office building. It didn't look like a den of thieves.

That night Celia considered her options. Unless she did something significant she would remain in Fred's clutches for the rest of her life. What had she got to lose? She decided to keep the appointment and for the first time in months she went to sleep with a faint glimmer of hope.

The next morning Celia dressed herself with care. Under her jogging suit she wore silken trousers and a halter top. She attended the lectures with a distracted mind. She had recently noticed a disturbing change in Fred's scheme with his milkers. He was getting the milkers hooked on hard drugs, an arms-length sideline. He set up dealers and took a cut of the proceeds. Now his milkers were feeding a dose of hard drugs in their milk as the young men drank. Some of the men experienced highs after the milk, highs that could only be repeated by taking drugs supplied by Fred's team of dealers.

Fred only selected the milkers that were coming to the end of their usefulness for the drug treatment. The high dosages would kill the milkers in a matter of months. Fred didn't care. They were a diminishing asset. Years of forced milk production was making the women unattractive and difficult to place with paying customers. Those who chose the drug-laced milkers paid a cheaper rate – at first.

Sarah, his first milker was one that Fred had selected. She knew she was slowly dying and wanted revenge. Celia had met Sarah several times. Fred wanted Celia to know her fate if she didn't co-operate with him. He told her that she too would end like Sarah. That was a mistake. Celia and Sarah became friends.

At lunchtime Celia shed her jogging suit and walked quickly to Scram Video. She was expected and taken straight to Ms. Victoria's office.

"Hello, Celia," said Ms. Victoria. "I hoped you would come. Please call me Vicky. That's my real name."

"OK, Vicky."

"What Scram Video does is mild pornography for sale to protected men. We make videos showing men apparently surrendering to women's sexual traps. Protected men cannot experience the traps but they can fantasise about them. We try to produce films to enhance their fantasy. Usually we film the women on their own. For the breast-trap we show closer and closer views of the cleavage until the whole screen is blurred. Each video may have twenty women performing the breast-trap."

"Is there sex involved?"

"No. The farthest we go is simulated sex. Camera angle and suggestion are used to give a picture of something that doesn't actually happen in front of the camera. We do very mild porn. Our magazines are sold on the top shelf of newsagents. Our videos are never categorised higher than an 18. A restricted category would inhibit sales or lead the customer to expect more than we would want to film or he would get."

"Where do I come in?"

"I have watched you for several terms, Celia. I think you have a talent for acting that we could use. We are not a company that a straight actress would want on her resume. We know that. We try to preserve our women's identities. But what we do offer is experience and – money."

Celia nearly blurted out 'How much money', but asked instead:

"What do you want me to do?"

"Two things, Celia. The first is a screen test. That can be done after lunch. The second is to break with Fred..."

Celia gasped. Fred could kill her.

"...we know that isn't easy. We think we can help. I have a suggestion."

"Yes?" Celia was being very cautious.

"We know that Sarah is your friend. We know that she is dying."

Tears sprang into Celia's eyes. It didn't matter how Vicky knew. It was true.

"We think that you and Sarah could trap Fred with this."

Vicky put a small bottle on the table.

"What is it?" Celia asked.

"It is Rop... I forget the name, it's better known as the date rape drug."

"The drug they add to a girl's drink that makes her forget everything and act willing?"

"That's the one. It also works on men."

"So I use it on Fred? What then?"

"Then you need Sarah. She is still lactating?"

"Barely. She is alive but no use as a milker."

"But she can produce some milk?"

"Yes. Probably a teaspoonful from each breast."

"That would be more than enough. Once Fred is under the influence of the date rape drug, Sarah should give him some of her milk. That will make him her slave."

"But she is dying. Once she's dead he will be free again."

"But he will then be vulnerable. Her milk would have cancelled his immunity. If he can be trapped before he deprives another woman of her trap by penetration he will be a slave."

"I can see that it is possible but why do you want to do this? What has Fred done to you?"

"He sent one of his drugged milkers to my youngest brother. He was lucky. We managed to get him off drugs quickly. One of my cousins died from a drug overdose after contact with another of Fred's milkers. The family didn't recognise the new company name. I have two reasons for wanting to stop Fred."

"What about this company and the videos? Was that just a ploy to get me here?"

"No, Celia. The offer is genuine enough. You can become one of our actresses. The company is mine. I use the title 'Casting Agent' because Managing Director scares potential talent away."

Vicky gave me the small bottle. She left it to Sarah and I to arrange its use.

Our opportunity came a few nights later. Fred came to Sarah's bedsit to see if he could wring one last milking job out of her. I was with her. I made coffee for the three of us. While he was trying to persuade Sarah to get off her death bed to do one last assignment I poured the whole bottle into his cup. He was so busy working on Sarah that he drank the cup without looking at it. Within minutes he was a helpless stooge. 

I dragged Fred to Sarah's bed and pushed him on to it. Sarah leant over him looking more like a corpse than a human being but she managed to force her breast between his mouth and express some milk. He swallowed instinctively as the milk hit the back of his throat and our task was done.

I rang Vicky. She arranged for Sarah and Fred to be admitted to a private and very discreet hospital used for drug addicts with wealthy parents. Fred came to after about twelve hours but was fed with sedatives that didn't stop him being aware that he was now Sarah's slave and would be until either she fed him a full pint of milk or she died.

Sarah enjoyed teasing him with the prospect of regaining immunity. Even though she was dying she took massive doses of the milk producing drug. He guzzled at her breasts greedily whenever she let him.

In between she made him her personal carer. He had to carry her to the toilet, to clean her up, to give her a bath, to kiss her emaciated feet. She loved every minute of it.

Vicky had provided Rachel, a personal nurse, to assist Sarah. She was an older heavy unattractive woman with a pronounced backside. She waddled around but was a very efficient nurse.

On Sarah's final day Fred was still trying to suck milk from her. She asked him to lie beside her so that she could bend over and wring the last drops of milk into him. She ordered him to lie still and let Rachel tie him to the bed. Fred couldn't refuse a direct order from his mistress.

Sarah smiled at me. She bent over Fred and pushed her breast into his mouth. He sucked hard.

"Never mind, Fred," Sarah said. "You'll soon be free of me. Either this milk will be enough or I'll be dead."

Fred might have said something but Sarah's breast had filled his mouth. Sarah shuddered and died.

Fred spat her breast out in disgust. He would have pushed her body off but Rachel had tied him too efficiently.

"Get her off me!" he shouted.

Rachel and I lifted Sarah's emaciated body off him and laid her gently on the next bed. I kissed her goodbye. I turned round as Fred shouted again.

"What are you doing, woman! Get off me!"

"This was Sarah's last request. Lie still and enjoy." Rachel said.

She raised the hem of her nurse's uniform and settled her massive rear over his nose. Fred began to squirm and struggle as Rachel's trap entranced him. Sarah's death had ended his immunity. Rachel was still pre-fertile and her trap was her rear cleft.

She pressed down harder and harder. Fred arched as he ejaculated again and again. Rachel continued to press hard on his face until he died.

"Thank goodness that's over," she said as she stood up and shook her uniform dress down. "Now I'm fertile and Fred is dead. I don't think he'll be missed."

He wasn't. With my help and that of his surviving milkers his criminal empire died with him.

Appendix

Shelacta (pronounced She-Lacta) is a contemporary parallel world very similar to our own early 21st Century world except in its sexual practices.

Sexual changes have affected the human race. Young women have become forced to be sexual predators. Once a woman has reached the age of 18 she is mature but she must force five men to orgasm before she becomes potentially fertile. At least one of the five of the five men must be killed by the sexual act of the pre-fertile woman. To help her achieve this women have mutated into developing sexual traps.

If a pre-fertile woman allows a man to penetrate her she loses her sexual trap and it is very difficult for her to become mature except with the help of consenting men. If a man penetrates a mature but pre-fertile woman he becomes immune to women's sexual traps. If he penetrates a fertile woman her trap makes him her slave, whether or not conception occurs. The fertile woman controls whether she wants to conceive or not. The number of male slaves a woman has determines her status. Any of her slaves is at risk of death from a pre-fertile woman, or capture by another fertile woman. 

A woman who has lost her sexual trap is an outcast even when fertile because she has no normal means of making a man her slave.

Chastity belts for either sex are both immoral and illegal. The possession or use of such a device is a capital offence and execution is almost inevitable.

A pregnant woman freezes her status once the pregnancy is confirmed. She can immunise her male slaves against other women by wiping her pussy over their faces at least once a week. She can do this if she is actually pregnant but the pregnancy isn't yet confirmed.

A lactating woman is special. Even if she has lost her sexual trap she is attractive to men because her milk can free them. Every man who drinks a pint of her milk directly from her breasts becomes his own master again. He will be immune to sexual traps for life but from the first sip until he has drunk the whole pint he is the lactating woman's slave and that slavery overrides all others even after she ceases to produce milk. Lactation is the only way for a woman who has lost her sexual trap to achieve status.

Males under the age of 18 are taboo and incapable of arousal. The best birthday present a family can give a son is to buy the services of a lactating woman until he has drunk a pint of her milk. Women who can produce a genuine pint at one feed are rare and much sought after. Most paid 'milkers' have to have several sessions with the fortunate son until the pint has been delivered. The procedure is embarrassing to the son because until he has drunk the full pint he is the 'milker's' slave and as she is usually an outcast of low status his predicament makes him the butt of humour from his contemporaries. There have been several stage farces written around this situation. If she cannot deliver the full pint for whatever reason, he is her slave for life.

The author of these tales has limited access to view journals and magazines from Shelacta. From that access he has extracted some stories that might interest our world.