 Forests should always be respected. Feared. The trees tolerate your presence, and when you've out-stayed your welcome, the forest will claim you as its own. 

I loved my local forest, where I lived, in a sleepy Norfolk village. I used to go there every sunday with my family growing up, and it sometimes felt more like home than my own bed. 

Well recently I went back to that forest, when I was visiting my family. I wanted them to come with me, but they were reluctant to venture out in the evening. I didn't care though. I knew the forest, and the forest knew me. I wasn't going to get lost. 

I got lost. I don't know how it happened. It got very dark, very quickly. Too quickly. The path was impossible to find, and the fear beat in my chest like a blacksmith's hammer. 

By some miracle, I found a clearing, where the branches opened up and the tops of the trees no longer scraped the sky. I was blessed again with a clear sky. The stars and moon shone so bright, far far away from any toxic orange glow. The moon looked at me with her kind face, and reassured me that I was safe, at least for now. I breathed in the sweet midsummer night's air and closed my eyes. 

A snap of twigs shook me. I looked around. I thought I saw a shadow move. 

Just a small woodland creature, I mused to myself. And I started to move towards the sound. A pair of eyes, stopped me in my tracks. Large and green. Predatory eyes. Hungry eyes.

She let out a soft, sultry growl, almost daring me to come closer. But as soon as I moved an inch closer she darted off into the darkness again, with just a flash of silver from the tip of her tail. 

I did want to chase her, find out where she was going, but I was scared of losing my way again, and this clearing made me feel safe. So I stayed. I made a bed for myself amongst the wildflowers and lay my head down to sleep, with hopes of finding my way out in the morning. 

The night grew colder, much colder than was normal for June. I just lay there, shivering, eyes shut tight, praying I would fall asleep. But when the cold suddenly disappeared, I felt more awake. I felt a winter blanket over me, soft fur and hot breath on my neck. I opened my eyes. The she-wolf was standing over me, looking at me inquisitively. I didn't move. I tried to relax. Even though I could see her teeth dripping with hunger, I knew that she wasn't going to hurt me. Instead I tentatively reached up, and stroked my fingers through her fur. She lowered her head close to my face and sniffed my hair. There was a long pause. She licked my face with her large tongue, and lay down on me. Although her weight was substantial, it felt so comforting to be gently crushed by her powerful frame. 

She continued to lick at my skin, moving down to my neck, where i felt her graze me with her teeth gently. I continued to stroke her fur, tugging slightly and massaging her skin beneath. She let out little whimpers of appreciation, before rolling over onto her back, exposing her belly to me. I gladly rubbed her belly like she was my own family dog, and she wiggled happily. But as she wiggled, something very queer started to happen. Her paws had become hands, feet. Her soft fur fell away, exposing white smooth skin. Her snout became strawberry lips, her head was crowned in straight black hair. She had completely transformed, all save for her eyes, those large, green, hungry eyes. 

She lay before me, in exquisite beauty, naked and perfect. 

I said nothing. How could I? I didn't know what this creature was, whether she meant me harm or health. But she was such a glory to behold that I had to kiss her. Everything in my body wanted to answer the call of her seduction. 

I kissed her mouth, feeling her tongue stroke mine, hot breath drifting from my lungs to hers. Her arms and legs wrapped around me, as she dug her nails into my back, scraping the skin off my shoulders. She bit hard on my lip so she could taste my blood, and pulled my hair to control my kiss. She tore at my clothes, leaving me exposed, until I was as naked as she was. 

We rolled in the grass, pinning each-other down, as we had our way with the other. She in me, me in her. I couldn't remember the cold, the fear, even my life before this moment. Just her. Just this body. Just the pleasurable agony she was giving me. 

I could feel her clit engorge beneath my hands and her growl in my ear, like a command, to lick. I move my head down her body and lapped with my large flat tongue her salty wet cunt. I felt so hungry. I felt like if I didn't eat now, I would die. My licks became nibbles and bites with my sharp teeth. I licked harder, more furiously, leaving teeth marks in her skin, my claws leaving marks on her buttocks. Her hands moved through my fur and tugged hard as she climaxed onto my nose, letting me smell her intoxicating scent in all its complexity. But before I could consume her, she escaped my grasp and ran into the shelter of the trees. I panted hard, my tail wagging with excitement. But she was gone. I waited for her return, but it never came. I still search to this day for my she-wolf, under a full moon in this endless, unforgiving forest.