 Chapter 5 -- Lewisburg

The next day, Dave drove as he, Maddie, and Cindy made their way up to Tennessee to visit his parents. Their destination was Lewisburg, a tiny little town about an hour south of Nashville; it was about as different from Atlanta as one could find while staying in the southeast, being a rural farm community. Though he loved his parents, Dave always dreaded these trips, as he was forced to unplug from technology for the most part. Hell, his parents didn't even have Wi-Fi! Still, this was important for everyone involved. There was no way he was going to marry Maddie without introducing her to his parents first. As they reached a long stretch of empty interstate west of Chattanooga, Dave spoke up.

"Ok, let's go over the story once more. We're all gonna have to be on the same page with Mom and Dad, or they'll know something's up."

"Agreed. Tell us again what you told your new boss, Maddie?" Cindy asked.

"First of all, I was born in small-town Kentucky, since that's what my birth certificate says. I told Jeannine that my mother was an American citizen who was working in the United States Army as a nurse. She was killed in the line of duty not long after I was born. Father was a British citizen with a healthy paranoia of governments in general, so he took me to England and brought me up through homeschooling. After graduating this past December, I decided to explore my American heritage on an extended vacation. This was when Father died in a fire that consumed my childhood home, as well as all his documents. That's why proving my citizenship was so difficult."

"There could be a hole in that story," Cindy said. "With homeschooling, you would have graduated a couple of years ago, not last December. Why did it take you so long to graduate?"

"Ah, good question. Perhaps I had decided years ago that I wanted to learn more of my American heritage, and Father spent an additional year or two teaching me about the nation's history before I traveled there myself. How does that sound?" Maddie wondered.

"That could work," Dave nodded. "The important part is going to be whenever your parents come up in conversation. Mom and Dad are sure to ask you about them, so your responses will have to be consistent."

"Indeed. Father shall be easy. Even the thought of him brings tears to my eyes," Maddie admitted. "I never knew my true mother, either, as she died in childbirth, but I know the stories Father always told of her. I suppose I could infuse some of those stories with the background we've created."

"Dave, are you sure about all this?" Cindy piped up from the back seat. "I mean, we're lying to Mom and Dad. You've never been good at it."

"Yeah, I don't like it, but it's our only real option," Dave replied. "If we told them the truth, either they'd think we're crazy, or they'd believe us and have to carry the secret with them the rest of their lives. You and I can handle that, but that's a burden they don't deserve, not with them looking forward to retirement."

"Fair enough. You're right about that," Cindy agreed.

*****

Two hours later, they pulled into the driveway of Dave's childhood home. The house was unassuming by modern standards, being a three-bedroom ranch-style home, but it seemed somehow familiar and comforting to Maddie. She had seen it in Dave's memories, of course, but it almost felt as though she had grown up here as well. Seeing Maddie spacing out, Dave reached over and squeezed her hand a little.

"You ready for this?" he asked.

She gave a nervous smile. "As I'll ever be, I suppose."

"Step it up, ladies! Parental units at six o'clock!" Cindy barked, slipping out of the car with a giggle.

As Dave exited the car and popped the trunk, he saw that his dad was walking from the garage as usual to help with the bags. He was a slender man of medium height with graying hair and thick glasses. Though he spoke and moved slowly and had a thick southern accent, there was a sharp mind beneath all that. Dave knew damn well where his own intellect had come from.

"Daddy!" Cindy cheered, rushing to meet him with a hug.

"What's up, Doc?" he replied, using his pet name for his daughter.

"Seriously? You're gonna call me that 'til the day you die..."

"How you?" he asked Dave as he approached to help unload the car.

"Same old same old," Dave replied.

"Aside from her," he chuckled.

"Right," Dave said with a nervous laugh. "Maddie, this is my dad, John Brighton. Dad, this is my girlfriend, Maddie."

"A pleasure, Mr. Brighton," Maddie said with her beautiful smile. "Dave has told me so much about you."

"Glad to have ya. And you can call me John," he replied, shaking her hand. "C'mon in, we got Lawler's for lunch."

"Man, it's been too long since I've had Lawler's," Dave said, his mouth already watering.

"Your favorite food from home, I presume?" Maddie asked.

"Only the best BBQ in the state of Tennessee!" Cindy answered with gusto.

With that, John led the way through the garage and into the small kitchen, where Dave's mom prepared lunch. She was a tiny woman, the very definition of petite, and the ash color of her medium length hair made it clear that it had once been a vibrant color of honey blonde. Yet despite her size, her eyes seemed to carry a quiet confidence, similar to that of Dave, Maddie noticed. She turned to the group entering the house.

"Well, hello," she said, soft-spoken as ever.

"Hey, Mom," Dave replied.

"Glad you made it safe. Cindy, you ready for your exams?"

"As I'm gonna be," she answered. "I'll be studying most of the time here."

"Good, good."

"Mom, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Maddie. Maddie, this is my mom, Sara."

"Wonderful to meet you, Mrs. Brighton," Maddie said, extending her hand.

"You, too," Sara replied, giving her hand a light shake. "I'm glad you were able to come on such short notice."

Though Maddie balked a bit at the slight dig, Dave stepped in. "That was my fault, Mom, not hers. I should have told you sooner that she was coming. Sorry about that."

"It's fine. Let's eat."

Dave and Cindy exchanged a glance as they made their way to the dining room table; neither had expected such a frosty reception from their mom. Maddie, on the other hand, had already forgotten, as her attention was now on the spread of food that awaited them for lunch. Pulled pork, BBQ sauce, buns, Wavy Lays, and deviled eggs sat on the table, ready for consumption. John and Sara took their places at the heads of the table, Cindy had a side to herself, and Dave and Maddie sat next to each other across from Cindy.

"Will you pray, Dear?" Sara asked Cindy.

"Of course!"

Even though she was an adult, Cindy's go-to prayer was still the classic "God is good" blessing she had said all through her childhood. That business done, John and Dave began passing around the food for everyone to make their BBQ sandwiches. It was mundane enough for a few minutes as everyone savored the taste of Lawler's pulled pork, but Sara soon broke the silence.

"So, Dave, how did you meet your girlfriend?"

Swallowing his bite, Dave replied, "It was total random chance, to be honest. I was sitting in the back of the Starbucks near campus, doing some reading between classes. While I'm buried in The Once and Future King, I hear this voice saying it's her favorite story ever. I look up and see this gorgeous redhead smiling and asking if she can join me. Of course, as anyone who knows me would know, I can't even get a single word out. Old Babbling Brighton strikes again, right?"

"Not quite," Maddie giggled. "I didn't really wait for permission to join him. As soon as I sat down, I could tell the poor boy was terrified, so I decided to help calm him down. And what better way to do that than to discuss the book he was reading?"

"Figures you'd finally meet a girl over that book," John chuckled. "You've only been obsessed with it since the third grade."

"Pretty much," Dave agreed. "But yeah, once she started asking me about the book and what my favorite parts were, the babbling just went away. I saw her as more than a pretty face, someone with a sharp mind and great interest in something I already loved. We talked for about three hours before we even realized how long we had been there."

"That sounds about right," Maddie said. "But even then, the poor boy was oblivious. I was sending every signal in the book that I wanted him to ask me out, but he wasn't getting it. I laughed at his every joke, maintained eye contact, and even leaned over to touch his hand, but nothing worked. Finally, I told him that any woman who spends this amount of time with him is likely interested in getting to know him better. But if he didn't act soon, this one's interest might begin to decline. That was all it took for him to ask me out, and the rest, as they say, is history!"

"Well... how interesting," Sara commented.

Before Dave could ask his Mom what she meant by that, John asked, "Maddie, where are ya from? I assume somewhere in the UK, by your accent."

"Yes, I was raised in England, grew up in the suburban area surrounding Liverpool," she replied.

"Liverpool, you say?" Sara asked, her eyes narrowing. "Beatles central. That must have been fun."

Doing a quick search of Dave's memories, Maddie replied, "Oh, absolutely. Their music pervades the entire area. Father would always play their albums for me."

"Who's your favorite Beatle?" Sara asked pointedly, almost as if she expected Maddie not to know the answer.

"I usually go nontraditional, so I'll say Ringo. Poor Ringo hardly ever gets any love," she giggled.

"Hm. Interesting," Sara said once again.

"So, what brings ya to our side of the pond? You a student at Tech?" John asked.

"I'd love to be, but not at present. I was homeschooled by Father growing up; he was more than a little paranoid of government education. My mother passed away when I was but a baby, though I've learned that she was an American citizen, working as a nurse in the U.S. Army, no less. When I came of age and graduated, I decided I wanted to learn more of my American heritage, so Father spent another couple of years teaching me all there is to know of American history and government. A few months ago, I began what was to be an extended vacation here, though I believe it may now become more permanent..."

Hearing the sadness in Maddie's voice, John asked, "Why do you say that?"

"You see... Father passed away not long after I arrived in America. There was a terrible house fire that consumed my childhood home and all my father's documents. He couldn't... couldn't..."

Placing an arm around Maddie's shoulder as she teared up, Dave continued, "Her dad had named his lawyer as the executor of his will, but the guy turned out to be a total sleaze ball. He had the documents proving himself the executor, but the will itself had burned up in the fire, so this lawyer worked everything around to claim the few remaining possessions and funds as part of his fees. He also knew Maddie was overseas and didn't have the funds to return to England and contest the will in time. The bastard played it perfectly..."

"Language, Dave," Sara said with a glare.

"Language aside, I happen to agree with him," Cindy muttered.

"Mm hmm," John nodded. "Have you done any research into what recourse you still might have?"

"No," Maddie replied, drying her tears. "To be honest, I consider this somewhat of a sign. God is showing me where I belong. After all, it was only a few days after the news of Father's estate that I met Dave. Losing my only family in such a dreadful manner is almost too much to bear, but Dave has helped me work through it. But to your original question, I have been able to prove my citizenship through my mother and obtain a copy of my birth certificate, but everything else was kept in Father's house, to my knowledge. At least I was able to find work at the Fulton County library. It'll provide some income while I work on a more stable long-term plan."

Glancing at his parents, Dave saw his Dad's face was one of understanding and sympathy. After all, John had lost his mother to cancer when he was just six years old. He identified with anyone who had lost a parent too young. Sara, on the other hand, was unreadable. She had always been a cool customer, but this seemed different to Dave. He could tell she was not pleased with the situation, but beyond that, he was at a loss. To Dave's relief, the meal was done with by then. While Cindy took Maddie to show her to her room and unpack, Dave's dad waved him down.

"Need your help with the computer. It's actin' up again."

"Sure thing, Dad." Moving to the office on the other side of the house, Dave took a seat and started to fiddle with the desktop computer. "You really ought to upgrade from Windows Vista, Dad. It's more than a little out of date."

"Yeah, and get Wi-Fi, and smart phones, and start texting," John replied with a laugh. He and Dave went through the same song and dance every time he visited home.

"Just sayin'. It'd make things easier."

"Yeah, but easier for who?" John shot back.

After a moment's pause, Dave lowered his voice and asked, "So, what's up with Mom? She seems... pissed."

"I dunno," John sighed. "She was like this last night, too. Came to me after you called all in a tizzy about you bringin' a girl home. Now, you know your mother; she don't get frazzled over nothin'. Seein' her like that was so strange..."

"You think it's Maddie?"

"No, I don't," John replied. "I think it wouldn't matter what kind of girl you brought home. But as far as Maddie is concerned, I like her. She seems smart and very grounded."

"Thanks. I wouldn't have brought her if I wasn't dead serious about her, nor if I didn't know for sure how she felt about me."

"I see. How serious we talkin'?"

"I plan to ask her to marry me."

Though John wasn't too surprised by this considering Dave's interactions with Maddie so far, he still cautioned, "You sure you've thought this through? How you gonna afford an engagement ring?"

"I have a plan," Dave said. "Don't worry, I'm well aware of everything involved in this."

"Well, if you're sure..."

"I am, and I honestly don't give a damn what Mom thinks."

"Watch your mouth, boy. Ya only get one mother!"

"And you only get to play the Dead Mom Card once a year," Dave shot back with a grin. "That's your one."

"Fine. But you get what I mean, right?"

Dave sighed. "Yeah, I do. As annoying as she can be, I don't want to alienate Mom over this. But I'm not changing my mind about Maddie."

"I know you're not; I'd expect no less. You got a double dose of stubborn from me and your mother, after all!"

"True."

John continued, "I'll try talkin' to her, see if I can calm her down a bit and get her more used to the idea of Maddie stickin' around. But you're an adult now; you've got a responsibility to come to terms with her on this. Pretty sure Maddie wouldn't be too happy with you if you didn't."

"Yeah, you're right about that. Thanks, Dad."

*****

"And this is my room," Cindy said, leading the way for Maddie. "I've got a queen bed if you want to share, but you can also take the sofa out in the living room if that'd make you more comfortable."

"No, this will be fine, thank you. Either way, it will feel so strange not sleeping with Dave..."

"Keep your voice down. Parents might be listening," Cindy warned. "As much as I think you two should be able to sleep together, it's not gonna happen at Mom and Dad's."

"Indeed. A certain level of propriety is expected around parents," Maddie nodded. "That doesn't make it any easier, though..."

"Um, you doin' ok?"

"But of course. Should I not be?" Maddie replied in confusion.

"It's just that... Dave and I saw Mom's face during lunch. She's not happy about something, and I can only assume it's you."

"Me? Whatever for?"

"Hell if I know," Cindy shrugged. "You've already got Dad locked up tight; the story about your father's death did that."

"Ah, your father did lose his mother as a young child, yes?"

"Yeah. He's pretty sympathetic to anyone else in that situation. But Mom? I have no clue what she's so uptight about."

"I see no need to fret," Maddie replied. "She is simply a protective mother for her son; it's only natural. I am certain she will grow to love and accept me as one of her own. You'll see."

"I hope you're right..."

*****

After lunch, Cindy decided to lock herself in her room to get some serious studying done for her finals, so Dave decided it would be a good time to take a drive up the road and introduce Maddie to his Uncle Sam and Aunt Regina. As they made their way along the small county roads, Maddie was enamored by every passing thing, from barns and hayfields to the various crops growing. All the while, Dave identified everything she wanted to know about. As the saying goes, you can take the boy out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the boy. Soon, they arrived at Sam Brighton's cattle farm.

"Dave! How ya doin'?!" Regina called out, having come out onto the deck to meet Dave.

"Doing ok, Regina," he answered, turning to accept the short stocky woman's hug.

"And who is this?"

"This is Maddie, my girlfriend."

"Hello, Mrs. Brighton. Wonderful to meet you," Maddie said, extending her hand.

"Oh, forget the handshake. Get over here!" Regina replied, giving Maddie an enthusiastic hug. "Look at you! All these years, we don't see a single girl hanging around with Dave, and now he brings home a gorgeous young thing like you? What're the odds?!"

"Oh, you're too kind," Maddie blushed.

"Is Uncle Sam around?" Dave asked. "Thought I'd make all the rounds with Maddie while we have the chance."

"There he is, walkin' over from the barn," said Regina.

Now, it's important to remember that just because someone is from the country doesn't mean that one immediately knows what kind of person they are. For example, John Brighton spoke slowly and had a thick southern drawl, but he was still well-educated and dressed quite well. Some had come to define this sort of personality as a good ole' boy. Sam Brighton, on the other hand, was the very definition of a lovable redneck. Always clad in a t-shirt and either a baseball cap or a trucker hat, the man farmed for a living and loved every second of it. His voice was more high-pitched and nasally than one might expect, making him a bit of a jolting experience for anyone ill prepared for him. But beneath his obvious blue-collar roots was a man with a heart of gold and unerring loyalty to anyone he holds dear, even if he shows that affection in irreverent or peculiar ways.

Dave watched as Sam strolled the forty yards from the barn to the house. As he twitched his graying moustache and wiped his balding head, Sam stood up straight all of a sudden at seeing that Dave had brought a guest with him. Dave knew Sam would have some smartass remark once he got within earshot, and he had the entire walk from the barn to think of it. Regina and Dave just smirked at each other as they braced for whatever was bound to come out of the man's mouth.

"What's this?!" Sam chortled as he arrived.

"Hey, Uncle Sam," Dave grinned.

"Dave brought his girlfriend over," Regina said with a massive grin.

"Izzat so?"

"Maddie Adams. A pleasure."

"Oh ho! Got ourselves a Brit!" Sam laughed. "You sure you're here by choice? Blink twice if ya need me to call the sheriff! I'll do it!"

"That's enough, Sam," Regina scolded him.

"Hey, I ain't sayin'! I'm just sayin'!"

"Don't worry, Mr. Brighton. I promise I am here of my own accord," Maddie giggled.

"Aw, hell, it's Sam. Seems our city-boy Dave found himself a city-girl!"

"Don't underestimate her," Dave said. "Maddie knows her way around a horse."
