 If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to learn about this world.

Second Tale: Deirdre

The time of a child's birth on Shelacta is important. Eighteen years to the minute after drawing its first breath the child becomes mature. If a girl, she will have the ability to force males to serve her. If a boy, he will be vulnerable to women from that minute. Usually the time of birth is recorded exactly. Deirdre was born nine months after a long power cut in her city had started more pregnancies than normal – a baby boom. 

The maternity hospital was overstretched on the evening of the day Deirdre was born. She was her mother's first child and the labour had seemed interminable. After 36 hours of labour Deirdre still showed no signs of wanting to co-operate with the midwife. When a breech birth started in the next cubicle the midwife was called away.

Deirdre's mother was exhausted and virtually unconscious. When Deirdre decided to be born her mother was unattended. Deirdre passed through the birth canal and out into the world of Shelacta sometime but no one knew the exact minute. The midwife wrote down the time that she came back into the room as the time of birth. Normally that slight error would have been unimportant. Deirdre would know from internal signals in her body when she became mature. What difference did half an hour make?

But that was not the only mistake in Deirdre's life. One without the other would have been unremarkable. The two together made Deirdre instantly famous.

Every girl on the cusp of becoming a woman is examined at the Temple for evidence of her sexual trap. Most women have one or other of the usual varieties. They are instructed in the use of their talent but practice makes perfect. The five men that a woman has to force to ejaculate usually provide enough practice to enable a woman to perfect her use of her trap to make slaves for herself.

Deirdre's trap was mistakenly identified as breast capture, a common variety. Her parents bought brassieres with non-return catches that would hold a man's head in position in her cleavage. They would be part of the birthday presents at the party that started from the minute of her supposed birth anniversary.

However Deirdre's actual trap was a much rarer one. She would be a siren. She would be able to make men orgasm with her singing voice. She had a pleasant singing voice as an adolescent but although good it was an ordinary good, not the sort of voice that could become a professional singer.

Sirens are dangerous because all unprotected men within sound of her voice would be affected. There are rules, taboos and customs about the behaviour of sirens because unfettered they could amass many slaves with one song. Sirens happened once every couple of years. Living sirens never numbered more than about fifty at one time on the whole planet. There are sirens and Golden Sirens. Ordinary sirens have to have the man's complete attention for at least half a minute before their voice has its effect. A passer-by would be unaffected. A man who blocked his ears in time could avoid a siren's trap.

A Golden Siren is the rarest of all. They occur once every hundred years and there were none alive when Deirdre reached her 18th. The priestesses at the Temple could have been forgiven for not recognising that Deirdre would be a siren. That they didn't recognise a Golden Siren had disastrous consequences. A Golden Siren would paralyse a man into immobility with the first bar of her singing. He would have to remain motionless until the effect of her trap had been completed. Even if he heard only the single bar he would be lost in the fantasy she induced until he had ejaculated many times. The effect of a Golden Siren usually lasted at least half an hour. The impact on a man not perfectly fit could last for days before he recovered. He would remain in a blissfully comatose state all that time. Even a fit athlete would be incapacitated for several hours.

The worst danger from a Golden Siren was that her voice affected otherwise protected men. None of the normal protection gained from a lactating woman, a pregnant woman, or penetration of a pre-fertile woman, was effective against a Golden Siren's singing. 

The scene was set for the disaster about to happen. Deirdre's 18th birthday party would follow after a students' concert to raise money for an enlarged swimming pool. Deirdre would sing two of Zerlina's songs from Mozart's Don Giovanni (Shelacta had its Mozart too!) shortly before the interval in the concert. She would then leave during the interval to get ready for her birthday party that would start after the concert finished. According to the birth records she would become mature halfway through the interval. That didn't seem to matter because she was unlikely to force a man between her breasts at the concert hall. She wasn't another Angela who would take risks to claim a man anywhere.

Another piece dropped into place when the concert hall's fire alarm system malfunctioned. It was a system error that took about ten minutes to identify and correct but delayed the start of the concert by those ten minutes. The judicial enquiry after the disaster found that those ten minutes were vital. 

The concert started. Deirdre sang her first piece adequately if rather nervously. She was rewarded with polite applause as she stepped back to allow the tenor to take centre stage. After his aria, she resumed her place, coming too far forward into the glare of the blinding footlights. She was singing to an audience she couldn't see. That was the final step leading to the disaster.

As she stepped forward she felt the change happen in her body. She was slightly surprised that it happened so soon but not worried. She was now mature and her nervousness vanished. She was a sexual predator who would sing Mozart. After the short introduction from the lady pianist she launched into glorious song – too glorious.

Deirdre had become a Golden Siren between stepping forward on stage and opening her mouth to sing. The audience was nearly five hundred people about half male. All the males within sound of her voice froze into entranced immobility, even the tenor standing a few feet behind her.

The women who heard Deirdre sing felt a regret for the rest of their lives. They could never hear Mozart without sadness that they would never hear him sung as well as Deirdre sung that evening.

The men?

Over two hundred men succumbed to the Golden Siren's voice. Frozen in a blissful state their sperm stained their trousers. When the first elderly man died in ecstasy Deirdre was instantly fertile and therefore the surviving men, protected or not, became her slaves. Thirty-five men died, overwhelmed by the intensity of their surrender to Deirdre. The hospitals were overloaded with the survivors. Women were performing CPR all over the concert hall desperately trying to save the men that were no longer theirs but Deirdre's. A woman member of the hall staff turned on the auditorium lights, pushing aside the entranced electrician who should have done it. Only then was Deirdre aware of what she had caused. The scene revealed to her killed any desire to sing in public again.

The concert hall was not the only place affected. The concert was being televised for a cable channel. The technicians at the cable TV station were affected. Any male viewers were affected. The recording of the concert was sold on the black market and men continued to be affected for years. Men chose to commit suicide by watching that recording.

No one knows the final death toll from Deirdre's only performance as a Golden Siren. It certainly ran into hundreds. In a few brief minutes Deirdre had exceeded Angela's lifetime total of male slaves and set a record never likely to be broken. The authorities of Shelacta hope and pray that it won't.

There is no defence against a Golden Siren except total deafness. Deirdre retreated to the Temple and became a priestess. She would only sing in the depths of the sacred precincts where no man could enter. Her slaves besieged the Temple until she ordered every one of them never to approach within five miles of her. More men died from heartbreak after she issued that order.

Deirdre is now part of Shelacta's history. She still lives but she considers her talent as a curse, not a boon. Those who heard her sing and survived hope that one day they will hear such singing again. Perhaps they will, not in this world, maybe in the next.

Appendix

Shelacta (pronounced She-Lacta) is a contemporary parallel world very similar to our own early 21st Century world except in its sexual practices.

Sexual changes have affected the human race. Young women have become forced to be sexual predators. Once a woman has reached the age of 18 she is mature but she must force five men to orgasm before she becomes potentially fertile. At least one of the five of the five men must be killed by the sexual act of the pre-fertile woman. To help her achieve this women have mutated into developing sexual traps.

If a pre-fertile woman allows a man to penetrate her she loses her sexual trap and it is very difficult for her to become mature except with the help of consenting men. If a man penetrates a mature but pre-fertile woman he becomes immune to women's sexual traps. If he penetrates a fertile woman her trap makes him her slave, whether or not conception occurs. The fertile woman controls whether she wants to conceive or not. The number of male slaves a woman has determines her status. Any of her slaves is at risk of death from a pre-fertile woman, or capture by another fertile woman. 

A woman who has lost her sexual trap is an outcast even when fertile because she has no normal means of making a man her slave.

Chastity belts for either sex are both immoral and illegal. The possession or use of such a device is a capital offence and execution is almost inevitable.

A pregnant woman freezes her status once the pregnancy is confirmed. She can immunise her male slaves against other women by wiping her pussy over their faces at least once a week. She can do this if she is actually pregnant but the pregnancy isn't yet confirmed.

A lactating woman is special. Even if she has lost her sexual trap she is attractive to men because her milk can free them. Every man who drinks a pint of her milk directly from her breasts becomes his own master again. He will be immune to sexual traps for life but from the first sip until he has drunk the whole pint he is the lactating woman's slave and that slavery overrides all others even after she ceases to produce milk. Lactation is the only way for a woman who has lost her sexual trap to achieve status.

Males under the age of 18 are taboo and incapable of arousal. The best birthday present a family can give a son is to buy the services of a lactating woman until he has drunk a pint of her milk. Women who can produce a genuine pint at one feed are rare and much sought after. Most paid 'milkers' have to have several sessions with the fortunate son until the pint has been delivered. The procedure is embarrassing to the son because until he has drunk the full pint he is the 'milker's' slave and as she is usually an outcast of low status his predicament makes him the butt of humour from his contemporaries. There have been several stage farces written around this situation. If she cannot deliver the full pint for whatever reason, he is her slave for life.

The author of these tales has limited access to view journals and magazines from Shelacta. From that access he has extracted some stories that might interest our world.