 If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to learn about this world.

Copyright Oggbashan November 2010

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Thirteenth Tale: Random Scarfing 

Last year one of the chain clothing stores had a special offer on what they described as large scarves or small shawls. They sold them in packs of three. Each scarf was about a metre and a half square, made of a heavy, silky-feel polyester that was completely opaque. 

Their low price made them popular until they became associated with a series of apparently random attacks on men.

Each man had been approached from behind and had not heard the attacker. The first they knew was the scarf being thrown over their head, pulled tight, and knotted around their necks. Whoever the attacker was, she had a strong clothing trap. Each man was overcome by a very strong orgasm within seconds. Their incapacity lasted at least an hour during which time they were completely drained sexually and almost unconscious by the strength of their submission to the sexual trap induced by the scarf. When the effect of the trap receded, the man found himself tightly restrained with cable ties and, infrequently, used pantyhose. Skin contact with the pantyhose could reactivate the sexual trap, resulting in another long period of sexual excitement. 

Even protected men succumbed to the suddenness and ferocity of the attack. While they were blindfolded and partially suffocated, a leg sweep brought them to the ground. Once there the attacker pinned them with her body weight as she bound their wrists, ankles, knees and elbows with plastic ties.

Whether ejaculating helplessly because of the sexual trap or tightly bound, blindfolded and hooded, the men were unable to free themselves from the attacker's bondage. Each one had to be found by a passer-by and released. Even passers-by could be at risk. One unprotected male tried to undo a pantyhose tie and was himself sexually trapped by that contact. Both men had to be rescued by a female police officer who noticed their convulsing bodies as she passed in her patrol car.

At first the authorities thought that the attacks might have been for robbery but the victims' possessions were intact. The motive was unclear. If the woman wanted to enslave men then her actions were useless. An enslaved man had to know who had enslaved him. None of the men had seen their attacker so they were enslaved to an unknown. Almost every one of them arranged to submit to a woman friend or partner to nullify the unknown's sexual trap. Those who had previously not been enslaved were justifiably angry.

After twenty men had been attacked, the police investigated the purchases of scarves at the chain store's branches. One woman had bought more than ten packs of three scarves. She had paid by credit card so was easily traced. She admitted the purchase as Christmas presents for her office colleagues. Her colleagues had known about her intention before the purchase. No other scarf purchases had exceeded three packs at once, and the equivalent of six packs had already been left on the victims.

The plastic ties were also sold by the chain store in packs of ten but the exact ties were also sold in builder's merchants and other stores in quantities up to packs of five hundred. There was no record of anyone buying more than two packs of ten in the chain store, and no one had bought plastic ties AND scarf packs.

Another attack excited the police. The victim had been on the edge of a park and a couple of clear footprints had been left by the attacker. Unfortunately they were of a very new, unmarked, cheap pair of trainers also sold by the same chain store in thousands. They were men's trainers in a medium size and could easily have been worn by a woman with slightly larger than normal feet or one with normal sized feet with thick socks inside the trainers. The trainers were soft-soled, that explained why the victims had not heard their attacker approach them from behind.

The police knew that the attacker was female, with a strong clothing trap. She must be above medium height, fit, aware of some wrestling techniques to execute the leg sweep so efficiently, with access to the scarves and cable ties in quantity. However that description could apply to hundreds if not thousands of women in the city. DNA tests on the scarves and the few items of pantyhose were confusing. The traces were minute and no individual DNA could be associated with all or even a majority of the attacks. The plastic ties showed no DNA at all. It seemed that the attacker wore disposable gloves.

After the attacks ceased several of the victims gave accounts of their experience to a True Crime magazine. An unprotected man said:

"I was walking from the railway station to my office when I was attacked. As soon as the scarf was around my head it seemed as if my face was pressed between a woman's large breasts. Her silk blouse was wrapped behind my head holding me tightly against her. I struggled to breathe as I sunk further into her cleavage. That impression continued but next my lips were met by hers. Her tongue penetrated my mouth as we kissed passionately, yet her breasts were still smothering my face.

I seemed to slide down her body, while still in contact with her breasts and her erect nipples. Her legs spread. Her hands, through the heavy silk blouse, forced me against her warm pussy. My mouth and nose sank into her cleft. She began a slow pounding against my face and I seemed to move so far inside her that I couldn't possibly breathe because her outer lips were beyond my ears.

All the time I was at the height of an orgasm, as yet unable to ejaculate, but shuddering violently. I know, from the account of someone who saw the immediate aftermath of the attack from the other side of a major road, that I was alone, on the ground while I was experiencing this massive sexual excitement.

It must have been just a few minutes before I ejaculated but it seemed as if she had been overpowering me for hours. I felt her arms and legs tightly wrapped around me, her breasts crushing my face, her tongue lashing inside my mouth, her pussy swallowing me all at the same time. Her hips were pounding against mine. My erection was squeezed again and again while held deep inside the same pussy that had engulfed my face. All this had been produced by wrapping my head in a cheap scarf. Whoever she is, she has a very strong clothing trap that is irresistible. If I hadn't already had a girlfriend I might have liked to meet her to enjoy such an intense sexual encounter again, but not on the hard ground of a city street.

At the Police station, after they had taken my statement and bagged my clothing for forensic tests, I rang my girlfriend. I asked her to bring me a change of clothing. When she arrived I asked whether she would use her sexual trap on me that evening. I didn't like the idea of being enslaved by an unknown woman. If I was going to be enslaved, I wanted it to be by someone I knew and loved.

Marie, not my girlfriend's name but one I've chosen for this account, seemed very excited by the idea of using her trap on me. She has a breast trap. What I didn't know was that in the bottom of her underwear drawer she had an entrapment bra which she had been waiting for a suitable moment to use on me.

That evening Marie invited me in for a special meal. After the wine with the meal and the liqueurs afterwards the reservations I had had about my decision to surrender to her seemed unnecessary. She sat on the settee, invited me to kneel at her feet and lifted her long dress showing a waist slip. I hadn't noticed that she had also lifted the lower edge of her lycra-enhanced bra. 

For those who haven't encountered an entrapment bra I'll explain how they work. The breasts are retained by normal bra cups but there is an upper layer that covers the breasts from the lower edge of the bra to the wearer's neck. The effect is more like a crop-top than an bra. To trap a man the woman lifts the lower edge of the upper layer so that his head can enter. As his head goes in it stretches the higher part but the bra acts like a see-saw. The upper part expands and the lower part contracts until it is firmly clamped around his neck. 

Once the man's head is inside it is impossible for him to withdraw it. His face is pressed deep into her cleavage. Her breasts move apart, stressing the sides of the upper layer. That increases the pressure on the back of the man's head and he sinks further between her breasts. Even if a woman did not have a breast trap the man is helplessly confined by her bra, smothered between her breasts, and unable to extract his head.

While I was entering Marie's bra her breast trap activated. I was swamped by her sexual attraction. I found it even more overwhelming than the clothes trap used by the anonymous attacker. I was relieved that there had been six or seven hours between that attack and my surrender to Marie. I'm not sure that I could have survived both extremely powerful traps within a couple of hours. 

Different makes of entrapment bra have different release devices. All of them require several actions by the woman. Unlike a normal bra that can be simply unhooked at the back or front and therefore could be released by the man's hands, entrapment bras are designed to be easy for the man to enter and impossible for him to escape.

I don't know how Marie's entrapment bra releases. Women tend not to tell their men about the release mechanism and if a man finds out, they buy another bra with a different release.

Marie wasn't sure that the bra would be sufficient. I can confirm that it is. That bra made me helpless. Her trap did the rest. But she had decided to make really sure that I couldn't escape. She pulled her long dress down my body. That too had a lycra mix. As she pulled, it stretched around me and clamped my torso to her body. She looped a wide leather belt around both of us and buckled it tight forcing my arms to my sides.

Marie admitted a few days later that she didn't need the entrapment bra and certainly didn't need the additional bondage she had used with her dress and belt. As soon as I saw part of her breast I had succumbed to her breast trap. She was frightened by my intense ecstasy and had tried to release me within minutes. She unbuckled the belt, lifted her dress but I was obviously completely oblivious to anything except her breasts.

She tried to operate the release mechanism of her entrapment bra to stop my convulsions. At first the bra would not open. She was trying to do it too quickly. Each action has to be deliberate and in sequence. It was ten minutes from my first contact with her breasts until she had released the bra. Even when Marie moved away I continued to shudder violently for half an hour and I tried to ejaculate several times, vainly after the first.

That night we went to bed together for normal sex. She was wearing a T-shirt nightdress that covered her breasts. Because I had been drained earlier I was able to indulge her with a very long session of foreplay. She had several orgasms before she begged me to stop. We went to sleep with Marie snuggled against my back. 

In the morning I woke up to see one of her breasts poised over my face. It dropped to spread over my mouth and nostrils. Even though Marie lifted her breast almost immediately I was back in the cycle of earth-shattering orgasms. She left me, went downstairs and made breakfast for both of us and returned to the bedroom. My coffee was cold by the time I had recovered enough to drink it."

Even a protected man found the attack arousing:

"I didn't hear her approach. I heard nothing except the distant roar of traffic. The scarf flew over my head, was yanked backwards and I felt myself falling, helped by a strong leg taking my feet out from under me. I didn't hit the ground hard. She must have broken my fall. Her heavy body flattened me. Gloved hands, the feel was those thin gloves used by nurses and doctors, grabbed my wrists and pulled a plastic tie really tight. 

She swung round, still sitting on me and depriving me of breath, looped a tie around my ankles and lashed them together. A third tie linked my knees, a fourth pulled my elbows towards each other, and then she tightened that damn scarf around my head. It wasn't strangling me but she had knotted it so tight that I couldn't get it off no matter how hard I shook my head. 

I'm not small (this victim weighs 180 pounds) and she seemed as big as I am. Even though I'm protected I felt some sexual excitement at being overpowered so easily by a woman. I had enjoyed sexual traps before I became protected and her casual handling of me began to remind me how delicious surrender could be -- in the right circumstances. It soon passed. I felt ridiculous, writhing on the ground totally helpless, bound, blindfolded, gasping for breath and put in that position by a single unaided woman.

I think I'd like to meet her again face to face but I think the outcome would be the same. She'd have me on the floor, blindfolded, smothered and bound before I could resist. "

For some months there had been no satisfactory solution to the case of the scarf attacker. The attacks lasted for two weeks and then ended suddenly. The police thought that they had made a breakthrough when they found that two attacks had been committed in different parts of the city at nearly the same time, and it was impossible for the attacker to have travelled from one attack to another. They concluded that one of the attacks must have been a copycat, but there was no clue about which had been the original attacker and which the copycat. The method of attack had been identical, including details that the police hadn't released at the time.

The True Crime magazine suggested that there was a connection with a regional athletics event that happened at the same time as the attacks. They wrote that a women's athletic team from another country had found, when they met for final training in their home country, that they had a high proportion of team members with clothing traps. Those women had made a bet among themselves that they could entrap men, and the winner would be the woman who had trapped the largest number of men.

To prove that they had attacked a man, they had to take a thumbprint of each attacked man. That explained a detail that the police hadn't originally released -- that most of the men attacked had traces of ink on a thumb, or both thumbs.

The magazine added that the bet hadn't been won. The number of attacks was known because of the reports in the media. The number claimed by the women trying to win the bet was larger than that number by a significant amount. It was thought that some of the contestants had persuaded men to give thumbprints without being attacked. The bet was abandoned with accusations of cheating.

The scarves? The scarves sold by the chain store were also sold in the athletes' country and had been brought into the country with the athletes, as had the plastic ties and the disposable gloves. All were identical, except for outer packaging, with items sold in the country where they were used. That didn't identify the country as the scarves were available in most of the countries participating in the athletics competition.

For a couple of months after the attacks ended, any woman wearing one of the scarves was suspect. When the attacks didn't recur that suspicion receded and the sales of scarves continued to rise because some clothing-trap women found that the scarves were very useful in a domestic setting. Their man could be sexually satisfied and made helpless by hooding him with a scarf. 

Some men found that they were scarved whenever a TV soap episode was due. While they were blindfolded and smothered inside the scarf hood they were continually aroused by their partner's clothing trap, writhing helplessly wherever their partner had trapped them. Their partner could watch the TV uninterrupted, release their partner at the end, and could do whatever they wanted as their partner gradually recovered.

Note: I do not know whether the True Crime Magazine's suggestion about the athletics team is accurate. The information I get from Shelacta is often incomplete or fragmentary.

*

Appendix

Shelacta (pronounced She-Lacta) is a contemporary parallel world very similar to our own early 21st Century world except in its sexual practices.

Sexual changes have affected the human race. Young women have become forced to be sexual predators. Once a woman has reached the age of 18 she is mature but she must force five men to orgasm before she becomes potentially fertile. At least one of the five of the five men must be killed by the sexual act of the pre-fertile woman. To help her achieve this women have mutated into developing sexual traps.

If a pre-fertile woman allows a man to penetrate her she loses her sexual trap and it is very difficult for her to become mature except with the help of consenting men. If a man penetrates a mature but pre-fertile woman he becomes immune to women's sexual traps. If he penetrates a fertile woman her trap makes him her slave, whether or not conception occurs. The fertile woman controls whether she wants to conceive or not. The number of male slaves a woman has determines her status. Any of her slaves is at risk of death from a pre-fertile woman, or capture by another fertile woman. 

A woman who has lost her sexual trap is an outcast even when fertile because she has no normal means of making a man her slave.

Chastity belts for either sex are both immoral and illegal. The possession or use of such a device is a capital offence and execution is almost inevitable.

A pregnant woman freezes her status once the pregnancy is confirmed. She can immunise her male slaves against other women by wiping her pussy over their faces at least once a week. She can do this if she is actually pregnant but the pregnancy isn't yet confirmed.

A lactating woman is special. Even if she has lost her sexual trap she is attractive to men because her milk can free them. Every man who drinks a pint of her milk directly from her breasts becomes his own master again. He will be immune to sexual traps for life but from the first sip until he has drunk the whole pint he is the lactating woman's slave and that slavery overrides all others even after she ceases to produce milk. Lactation is the only way for a woman who has lost her sexual trap to achieve status.

Males under the age of 18 are taboo and incapable of arousal. The best birthday present a family can give a son is to buy the services of a lactating woman until he has drunk a pint of her milk. Women who can produce a genuine pint at one feed are rare and much sought after. Most paid 'milkers' have to have several sessions with the fortunate son until the pint has been delivered. The procedure is embarrassing to the son because until he has drunk the full pint he is the 'milker's' slave and as she is usually an outcast of low status his predicament makes him the butt of humour from his contemporaries. There have been several stage farces written around this situation. If she cannot deliver the full pint for whatever reason, he is her slave for life.

The author of these tales has limited access to view journals and magazines from Shelacta. From that access he has extracted some stories that might interest our world.