  15 Overheated

Copyright Oggbashan November 2013

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

********************************

If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to learn about this world.

Julia has an unusually strong scent trap. She knows that she has and takes precautions to avoid inadvertently trapping men at random. While she has several slaves to her trap, she has chosen them with care.

Her scent trap is her own personal odour which becomes much stronger when she exercises. She showers three times a day and applies a significant level of perfume to reduce her own scent.

When she does exercise - several times a week, she visits a sports club on women-only times, and a country club where she can run in the open air, carefully entering the building next to the women's showers.

Julia's care has ensured that she hasn't activated her trap except by her intention when she wants a particular man to be her slave.

But one day several things went wrong. Each one on its own would have had no real consequences. Together? The circumstances led to disaster.

It was winter and the temperature was forecast to be below freezing all day with sleet, snow and strong northerly winds. In winter Julia's trap was rarely a risk. Even at work her office environment was kept well below anything that would cause her to sweat. Her duties didn't involve much physical effort so she would be unlikely to become warmed and certainly not heated. Even so she would take a cool shower during her lunch break. 

Last night Julia had been with a group of her female friends to see a movie in an air-conditioned venue. Even if she had become heated there, the presence of her friends would mask her scent trap from any passing male. But they had gone from there to a bar, and to a coffee house, and had left to go home in the early hours of the morning.

Julia overslept. She grabbed a couple of cereal bars and a bottle of water as she rushed out of her apartment to catch a train. She didn't have time to shower. She thought that wouldn't matter because it was cold and once she had logged on to her computer to prove she was on duty, she could slip away for a few minutes and shower at work.

Most of her journey to work was on the above-ground part of the network. Only the last two city centre stations were below ground. In summer Julia would get off at the last above ground station and walk the last three quarters of a mile. In winter, especially with wind-driven sleet, Julia would ride the whole distance. She didn't have time to walk the last part if she was to get to work on time.

But, this morning a train had failed and delayed the whole network. As Julia squeezed into a very crowded coach everyone was tightly squashed together with no room even for one more standing. Julia tried to get herself between two women but there were also three men sometimes touching her body as the train jerked and shook. Other women might have been afraid that the men might touch them inappropriately. Julia was afraid for the men.

Despite the weather, she had decided to get off and walk. She was dismayed when an announcement came on the train's intercom as they approached that station.

"We apologise. The next two stations are closed because of an incident. The next stop will be City Centre."

Julia was committed to riding the whole journey. She tried to keep herself calm, and more importantly, cool. If she started to sweat? The consequences could be awkward.

They passed the last above ground station and entered the tunnel. The train slowed and passed the first below ground station carefully. Through the closed doors and windows Julia could glimpse crowds of people filling the platform. A few hundred yards beyond that station the train shuddered to a stop. After a few minutes there was another announcement.

"We regret that there is a signal failure. We are working as hard as we can to repair the fault but there will be a delay until we can get moving again."

Julia tried to stop herself panicking. The tunnel was hot. The train was overcrowded and everyone was heating up. So was she. Her scent trap would be activated within minutes with every man who became aware of it Julia's inadvertent slave. She kept telling herself that it wouldn't be long, she had to keep calm and stop herself sweating. But you can't control your sweat glands.

Julia was one of the women who knew when a man became her slave. It was a sensation in her skin, not unpleasant, more of a light twitch than anything stronger. So far, she hadn't felt a single twitch. Perhaps she would get to work without a problem.

Another announcement.

"We regret that we have to switch off the power for about five minutes so that our engineers can access the faulty equipment. The lights will go off. Don't be alarmed. The emergency lights will come on."

The lights went out. A few dim bulbs, the emergency lighting, reduced everyone to dark silhouettes. But the air conditioning switched off as well. Julia knew she was in real trouble. Within thirty seconds the three men close to her had succumbed to her scent trap. She felt each one as he surrendered to her. She was trying to prop two of the men up, to stop them falling. That made her sweat more.

Within three minutes she had lost count of the men she had trapped. Was it twenty, thirty, fifty? She didn't know. There were men slumped on the floor, if they had space to fall. Many were propped up by the crush, totally oblivious to everything except their sexual surrender. What Julia did know was unless the air conditioning came on soon she would enslave every man in that carriage.

The five minutes passed with no sign of the lights and the air conditioning restarting. Julia was resigned to the reality that she had nearly one hundred new slaves. It would cause a media sensation when the train arrived at its destination and the men couldn't leave because they were all experiencing overwhelming sex. They would have to be carried off the train. Normally a scent trap produces about five minutes of intense sexual arousal, but the men in this carriage were constantly being trapped by Julia with every breath they took. Until she got away from them they would never stop being swamped by sexual bliss. 

At last the lights and the all-important air conditioning came back on but it was too late. Every man in that carriage had been trapped by Julia. It was another five minutes before the train began to move slowly towards the City Centre station. 

The doors opened as soon as the train stopped. Those waiting for the train were shocked to see so many men slumped on the floor. The women got out and began dragging the men out. The emergency services were summoned and put on a major incident alert. Julia told the female station master that she was responsible. She was whisked away from the platform, taken to the staff rest area and was able to shower and change.

The trapped men were laid out in rows along the platform. The emergency crews moved along the lines, checking for vital signs. It was fortunate that no man had died from the overloading of sexual pleasure but many had to be detained for some hours before they were able to continue with their day.

The media interviewed many of the men, all of whom wanted to remain anonymous. This is a sample of their experiences:

1. Mr.A who was standing next to Julia.

"I was aware of Julia as soon as she got on the train. She was pressed against me by the crowd. When the lights went out and the air conditioning went off we all began to warm up. I was aware of Julia's scent and then...

I seemed to be shrinking. My face was against her coat. My clothes vanished. Her coat opened and my nose was in her naked cleavage. Her breasts seemed to grow larger and my body shrunk until her breasts covered all of me. I was drowning in her wonderful perfume. At first I thought I was titty-fucking her. But I wasn't. Her breasts were squeezing me, all of me. She was milking me. I had no control of my body at all. I came, a more intense sensation than I have ever felt, but her breasts kept squeezing and squeezing, rubbing against me, holding me in an inescapable soft embrace until I came again, and again. I lost consciousness, surrendering to Julia's wonderful perfume and her implacable breasts."

2. Mr.H who had been within a yard of Julia, and had fallen to the floor.

"I was suddenly aware of Julia's scent. She seemed to be the most desirable woman in the world and the sensation overwhelmed me. My legs turned to rubber and I slumped. It seemed to be in very slow motion as I slid down to the floor.

Julia appeared to be standing above me, wearing a wide flared skirt. She wasn't was she?"

Interviewer: "No. She was wearing jeans."

"I knew, but to me she seemed to be wearing a skirt. It was so wide that as she straddled me, everything else was cut off from my vision. I was looking up inside at the shiny black lining, her lace trimmed petticoat, and her blue satin panties. She bent her knees and the skirt touched the floor making a cone in which I was wholly contained and hidden. Her perfume became more intense, more compelling. The lining and petticoat slithered over my naked body, making me feel as if I was being gently stroked with the most sensuous fabrics ever. 

Her panties covered my face, and her hands seemed to be pressing her skirt and petticoat hard against it. She was smothering me with her clothing as my erection slid into her demanding pussy. The perfume on her panties and skirt was amazing. I was struggling to breathe through the skirt as she pumped herself up and down on me. Every breath I took made me more helpless, unable to resist Julia.

All my attention was drawn to her pussy which was drawing me further and further inside her to impossible depths. As it pulled me in, she dragged her skirt and petticoat behind my head, past my neck, my shoulders and down my back to my waist. At the same time the other side of the skirt was sliding up the back of my legs until that hem met at my waist. I was totally enclosed inside her skirt and petticoat, bagged in it, imprisoned in it, and that accentuated her perfume.

I don't know how many times I came. Just before the last one I was aware of, my whole body seemed to be inside those satin panties which Julia was wearing again. My erection was buried inside her with most of my body as well. Julia seemed to have dragged her skirt between her legs and was using it to pull me closer and deeper. I struggled against the enveloping panties and skirt but it was useless. Julia had swallowed me, all of me."

There were many other accounts that vary in detail but all show that Julia's power had totally subdued the men. Most had to seek other women's traps before they could escape their obsession with her.

Julia's employers provided her with a company car and a parking space at her work so that she wouldn't cause such a major incident again. 

Appendix

Shelacta (pronounced She-Lacta) is a contemporary parallel world very similar to our own early 21st Century world except in its sexual practices.

Sexual changes have affected the human race. Young women have become forced to be sexual predators. Once a woman has reached the age of 18 she is mature but she must force five men to orgasm before she becomes potentially fertile. At least one of the five of the five men must be killed by the sexual act of the pre-fertile woman. To help her achieve this women have mutated into developing sexual traps.

If a pre-fertile woman allows a man to penetrate her she loses her sexual trap and it is very difficult for her to become mature except with the help of consenting men. If a man penetrates a mature but pre-fertile woman he becomes immune to women's sexual traps. If he penetrates a fertile woman her trap makes him her slave, whether or not conception occurs. The fertile woman controls whether she wants to conceive or not. The number of male slaves a woman has determines her status. Any of her slaves is at risk of death from a pre-fertile woman, or capture by another fertile woman. 

A woman who has lost her sexual trap is an outcast even when fertile because she has no normal means of making a man her slave.

Chastity belts for either sex are both immoral and illegal. The possession or use of such a device is a capital offence and execution is almost inevitable.

A pregnant woman freezes her status once the pregnancy is confirmed. She can immunise her male slaves against other women by wiping her pussy over their faces at least once a week. She can do this if she is actually pregnant but the pregnancy isn't yet confirmed.

A lactating woman is special. Even if she has lost her sexual trap she is attractive to men because her milk can free them. Every man who drinks a pint of her milk directly from her breasts becomes his own master again. He will be immune to sexual traps for life but from the first sip until he has drunk the whole pint he is the lactating woman's slave and that slavery overrides all others even after she ceases to produce milk. Lactation is the only way for a woman who has lost her sexual trap to achieve status.

Males under the age of 18 are taboo and incapable of arousal. The best birthday present a family can give a son is to buy the services of a lactating woman until he has drunk a pint of her milk. Women who can produce a genuine pint at one feed are rare and much sought after. Most paid 'milkers' have to have several sessions with the fortunate son until the pint has been delivered. The procedure is embarrassing to the son because until he has drunk the full pint he is the 'milker's' slave and as she is usually an outcast of low status his predicament makes him the butt of humour from his contemporaries. There have been several stage farces written around this situation. If she cannot deliver the full pint for whatever reason, he is her slave for life.

The author of these tales has limited access to view journals and magazines from Shelacta. From that access he has extracted some stories that might interest our world.