 Chapter 6 -- Life After College

With cap and gown in hand, Dave made his way across campus to the Georgia Tech basketball arena, McCamish Pavilion. Though he did have the highest grades in his graduating class and was valedictorian, he declined to do any public speaking at the graduation ceremony. All the same, he had been invited to meet with the guest speaker for their graduation beforehand, though it had not been disclosed to him who that was. Behind him, Cindy, Maddie, and his parents speculated as to who this mystery person could be, but Dave figured it would be some self-important donor rather than anyone of substance. They soon arrived at the arena and checked in at the security desk.

"Name?" asked the guard.

"Dave Brighton. I was told to be here at ten this morning."

Checking his list, the guard replied, "Yes, here we are. President Peterson is waiting for you in room 186. This way, please."

Dave rolled his eyes as he followed the guard down a hallway. President Bud Peterson was an intelligent man, to be sure, but he also had attracted an enormous amount of controversy in recent years. During the wave of sexual assault allegations that had recently swept the nation's college campuses, Peterson had decided to take swift and decisive action against many of the accused students, suspending them of his own accord without due process. To a Libertarian like Dave, this was inexcusable for two reasons. Most obviously, it deprived an individual of their right to a fair hearing and a presumption of innocence until proof of guilt. But worse than that, Dave lost respect for Peterson because he had decided to take law and order into his own hands. He had no experience in law enforcement or criminal justice, but decided that the allegations alone were enough to suspend students arbitrarily, rather than waiting for the actual police investigations to conclude. Most of the students at the center of this ended up being reinstated and even won civil suits against the school for the actions taken against them. Ever since then, Dave refused to trust the man. Still, he put on as pleasant a face as he could muster as they entered the room.

"Mr. David Brighton, welcome," said President Peterson. "We're so glad to have you here today."

"Glad to be here. Gotta get the piece of paper I busted my ass for, after all," Dave retorted.

"And an accomplishment that piece of paper is," Peterson chuckled. "I'd like to introduce you to the man who will be addressing your graduating class today."

Dave's eyes went wide as Peterson stepped aside and revealed another man behind him. He was not tall, coming up to about Dave's chin, but his sharp eyes and slight grin gave him an air of confidence. He was of Chinese descent, and his weathered face seemed to brim with wisdom and experience. To a scientific and political junkie like Dave, the man was instantly recognizable.

"David, this is our guest speaker-"

"Dr. Steven Chu?!" Dave exclaimed.

"I think he's heard of me," Steven remarked to Peterson.

Though he had served four years as Secretary of Energy for the Obama administration, that was merely the cherry on top of Steven Chu's career. His greatest accomplishment had come over two decades before he took office in the White House when his team won the Nobel Prize for Physics. Their work in using lasers to trap and cool atoms was unparalleled at that time, and in Dave's mind, still ranked as one of the coolest scientific achievements of his lifetime. As big a nerd as Dave was, he had to admit to being a little star-struck.

"Um... wow, Dr. Chu, this is so unexpected," Dave began, trying to keep his babbling under control. "I never dreamed the guest speaker would be someone of your caliber."

"You're too kind, thank you," Steven replied, extending his hand. As Dave shook it, Steven held firm for several long seconds, eying Dave closely all the while. "You must be an incredible talent to be the valedictorian of your graduating class, young man. I presume all has gone according to plan for you?"

"To be honest, I just try to take things one day at a time," Dave said.

"Bullshit!" Cindy said through a cough.

"Younger sister?" Steven asked with a grin.

"Yeah..."

"I have a younger brother, myself. Can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em."

"True. This is my sister, Cindy Brighton. She's a freshman here, majoring in psychology," Dave replied, turning to his sister.

"A pleasure, Dr. Chu."

"Likewise. And who is the second lovely young lady?"

"This is my girlfriend, Madison Adams."

"Call me Maddie," she said with a smile.

"Delighted, Maddie. And these two must be the proud parents, yes?"

"Yep. John and Sara," Dave's dad replied.

"I've read some of your son's papers, he has an incredible mind," Steven said.

"Yeah, always thought he was a little odd," John chuckled.

"If he's anything like me and my brothers, he's just getting started," Steven winked. "So, you're familiar with my work, is that right, Dave?"

"I am," he replied. "I still remember finding as many articles about your laser experiments as I could back when you won the Nobel Prize. I ate 'em up like candy!"

"But that was in 1997! You couldn't have been more than... four or five, even two years after I won the prize!"

"Told ya he was a little odd," John interjected again.

"Thanks, Dad," Dave grumbled. "But yeah, by the time I turned five, you were my hero."

"Oh, my. Hero? That's a heavy word to live up to," Steven said.

"Don't worry, you're not my hero anymore. I can't bring myself to idolize anyone in politics. Nothing personal," Dave laughed.

"Admittedly, a wise policy," Steven nodded. "I knew I was taking some risks in accepting the Secretary of Energy position, but I felt it was an opportunity to do good that I could not pass up."

"Understandable. I can't fault you for that," Dave agreed.

"I understand you have some grand interviews upcoming," Steven remarked.

"Yeah, the Department of Defense wants to look into the new stabilization system I've been working on for low altitude aircraft. It's only theoretical at this point, but I think I could get a prototype working within a year or two."

"You may be onto something big with that," Steven agreed. "I still have a friend or two over in the DOD, even with the new administration. I'll put in a good word for you."

"Wow, I'd appreciate that! Thank you!"

The group chatted along those lines for some time. Soon, it was time to begin the graduation ceremony, and Dave went to find his seat on the floor of the arena while his family made their way to the gallery. As he found them among the crowd of families there that day, Dave couldn't help but smile at how things had changed in three short weeks. Where his mother previously wouldn't have even thought to pay much attention to Maddie, she now sat right next to her, chatting like they were old friends. Dave surmised it was due in large part to Maddie's judgement of Dr. Iger's character. Anyone with an intuition that strong had to be genuine, and Sara was beginning to realize that.

The ceremony itself was unremarkable and identical to almost every other graduation across the country. There was the standard spiel from President Peterson, who was greeted with a mix of cheers and boos; a sizable portion of the student body still resented him for his actions during the sexual assault investigations. Dr. Chu's speech, on the other hand, was nothing short of inspiring. He drove home the point of never resting on one's past accomplishments. Celebrate them appropriately, but then move on and look to the future. He opined that, had he rested on his early success, he would never have been driven enough to begin the laser research that won him a Nobel Prize. Likewise, if he had rested on that achievement, he would never have been offered the role of Secretary of Energy. The standing ovation he received lasted well over five minutes.

After receiving his diploma and turning in his rented cap and gown, Dave rejoined his family, which now included Sam, Regina, and Riley. The group adjourned to Maggiano's Little Italy for the celebratory family-style dinner. Dave never expected much in the way of graduation gifts, but his family came through for him in any case. Sam and Regina gave him a check valued far more than Dave ever thought they would give, blowing him away with their generosity. Riley had found a brilliant talking greeting card, one where Homer Simpson taunted Bart and Lisa about having to go to school while he got to stay home. That got the table erupting in laughter. Sara's gift was the largest by far: a queen-sized quilt made of Dave's old t-shirts. She had been working on it in secret for months. But Dave's favorite gift was his class ring, which he received from his dad. Sam and John's dad hadn't been a wealthy man, but he saved away enough to give both his sons something when they came of age, a class ring for John and a signet ring with the family crest for Sam, since he didn't attend college. John wanted to continue that tradition for the next generation.

"You guys are too much," Dave said, overwhelmed by their kindness. "And speaking of rings... there is something I've been wanting to ask Maddie for some time now." Turning to his girlfriend, he continued, "Maddie, I think everyone knows how happy you've made me. In the short time we've known each other, I've come to understand things that I never dreamed I'd be able to understand. Before you, love was just a series of chemical reactions in the brain, as far as I was concerned. But now, I realize it's more than that. I honestly can't imagine my life without you." As the table fell dead silent, Dave slid out of his chair and down onto one knee. "Madison Adams... will you marry me?"

Maddie gasped at the sight of the diamond ring Dave pulled from his pocket. "Oh, my God... David." Seeing him still awaiting her answer, she at last breathed, "Yes. Yes, David. Nothing would make me happier than to be your wife."

Dave immediately stood and scooped Maddie into a tight embrace, swinging her around a time or two for good measure. The rest of his family smiled and applauded at this, as did the onlookers in the restaurant. After a long kiss, Dave took Maddie's left hand and slipped the ring onto her finger. As they took their seats once more, Maddie felt a hand touch her shoulder.

"Welcome to the family," Sara whispered. "Please, take good care of my son."

"I promise," Maddie whispered back. "He means the world to us both."

*****

As he sat alone in his hotel room, Dr. Mark Iger checked his watch. "Seven-thirty... still half an hour until my appointment arrives. Plenty of time."

Remembering where David Brighton's apartment was located from his reconnaissance outing earlier, Mark locked on to that location and teleported there. Standing at Dave's front door, he placed a hand on the handle and sent a pulse of his aura through the structure, almost like a dolphin's sonar. When the aura pulse returned to him, Mark could see many things about the apartment, but most important was that nobody was home at the moment. Teleporting inside, he began to inspect the living room, as he detected that it had been flooded with magical energy. Further analysis indicated that it was a general protection spell that allowed the free practice of sorcery within the room without bringing any harm to the structure. He strolled down the hallway, sizing up the apartment as he went, before finally arriving in the bedroom.

"Ok, about eight hundred square feet ought to do it," Mark muttered to himself.

Mark summoned the appropriate amount of magical energy and placed his hand on the wall, allowing the energy to envelop the entire apartment. After a minute or two, every wall and ceiling had been saturated with an observation spell. With this, Mark would be able to see and hear everything that went on in the apartment for the next month, the duration of the sabbatical he had taken from church. Moreover, his skills were such that the spell would not be detected unless someone was specifically looking for it, and even then, only if they were looking for a spell cast by Mark. He knew the mission depended upon his intel, since the secretary would not authorize direct action without further information. This infuriated Mark to no end, but he was still Mark's superior. His labors completed, Mark teleported back to his hotel room. Almost as soon as he arrived, a soft knock came at the door.

"Right on time," he grinned.

After checking the peephole, Mark opened the door to find a petite nineteen-year-old brunette waiting for him. He eyed her up and down, taking in the skimpy black dress and matching stiletto heels she wore with great interest. If she was as fresh underneath all those clothes as she appeared to be, this was going to be just what the doctor ordered, Mark thought. His poor prudish wife couldn't keep up with his daily needs. He'd have left her long ago if she wasn't from one of the most prestigious sorcery families in the country. But alas, her father came with powerful connections, forcing him to tolerate the subpar sex life.

"Are you Mark?" she asked with a flirty grin.

"I am. Come in, my dear," he replied with a sly grin.

"Thanks. I'm Whitney." After sending a text on her phone to her handler, she continued, "It's just standard protocol, but I do have to ask: are you a cop?"

"No, I'm not. And I'd never lie to a pretty thing like you; I'm a man of God, after all."

"Fantastic! Here's hoping I can give you a religious experience of my own," she said with a wink. "So, it's $500 for the first hour plus $200 for every half hour after that, or $2000 for the night."

"An hour should be plenty, thank you."

"Awesome. And, of course, I do need payment upfront."

"That won't be necessary," Mark said, placing a hand on her shoulder and probing her mind. "You'll receive your payment when you leave."

Whitney blinked twice before replying softly, "That's not necessary, sir. I'll collect my payment when I leave."

"Splendid! Well, if you'll show me what you've got hidden under that dress, young lady, we'll get started..."

*****

Dave and Maddie arrived back at their apartment from the graduation dinner, still stuffed but elated at the day's events. Not only had Dave graduated Summa Cum Laude, but he had also proposed marriage to Maddie over dinner. She was happier than she had ever felt in her life. After the tragedy of losing her father, everything seemed to be going right for her once more.

"Dave, I cannot tell you how happy I am," Maddie sighed, plopping onto the bed. "Soon, I shall be 'Mrs. David Brighton'. Oh, how exciting!"

"Couldn't agree more," Dave replied, lying next to her. "Ohhhh, so stuffed..."

"Indeed. I daresay I've never eaten that much in one sitting in my whole life. And in my time, we would often eat five or six times a day!" Maddie giggled.

They laid there in silence for quite some time, still too full to do anything in the realm of lovemaking. Still, it didn't matter to them, knowing they had their entire lives ahead of them to enjoy each other. As Dave stroked Maddie's soft auburn hair, she rolled her head on to his chest and kissed him softly on his neck.

"Dave, I... I don't want to wait. I know your parents said to enjoy our engagement and not rush into anything, but I don't want to wait any longer than necessary to become your wedded wife. I don't need a grand event for our wedding; all I want is you, your family, and Dr. Fellows from the Wesley Foundation to marry us. Please, I want to marry you as soon as possible."

Dave scratched his head at this. "Why the rush, Maddie? I'm not going anywhere. And it's not like that much will change. We'll still be living here, making love every night, you'll still make dinner for us, I'll still help with your sorcery training. Why so soon?"

Maddie explained, "All my life, I've been dreaming of the man I would one day marry and bear children for. It was ingrained within all women in those days. Then, with the untimely deaths of Father and Sir James, I feared all my dreams were for naught. But now that I'm here in this modern world, surrounded by strong women who can choose their own way in life, I feel the irresistible urge to choose what I want for my own life, and that is you, my beloved. I want to marry you, not because it is what is expected of me, but because you are the man I've dreamed of for so long. I know not what my place in this modern society will be, but I know my desire is to be at your side as your wife, no matter where we may go."

With a soft smile, Dave tilted his head down and kissed her forehead. "Ok. We'll get married as soon as we can, within reason. But I do have one request before we do."

"What is that?"

"That we wait until I have a solid job offer," Dave replied. "After all, your father betrothed you to Sir James with the understanding that you would be safe and well taken care of in Camelot. I didn't know him, but it sounds as if he loved you dearly and wanted the best for you, and I would think he would want me to live up to that. He wouldn't want you marrying some poor college graduate with no job prospects. But once I do have a job offer, we'll get married. Deal?"

She gave a melodramatic huff, saying, "You men. Always thinking so logically."

"Yeah. Why do you keep us around, again?" Dave grinned.

Maddie said nothing, but spread her hands to about seven inches apart.

"Figures. I'm just a tool for your pleasure," Dave teased.

"Certainly not! You're also arm candy," Maddie purred. "Now, if we cannot marry until you have found work, we'll need to ensure you are well prepared for your upcoming interview next week." Leaning close, she whispered into his ear, "And I can think of nothing better to prepare you than a restful night's sleep. Know of anything we could do to ensure you sleep soundly?"

At that, Dave needed no further encouragement and attacked Maddie with a flurry of kisses and touches. Their bedroom soon echoed with the sounds of their giggles and moans of pleasure. All the same, Maddie's plan may have backfired, as Dave was still wide awake an hour later, satiated for the moment, but as energized as ever. As Maddie dozed in and out of consciousness next to him, Dave began to examine the class ring he had received from his dad. Oddly enough, he noticed that the blue stone in the middle was of an identical size and color to his Channel. Getting a crazy idea, he checked a few pages in his Incantus before beginning to focus on the ring holding his Channel. As the book had said, the stone itself was the source of all magical potential, whereas the ring was nothing more than a metal ring. True, Merlin had enchanted it to be able to change its shape, but it possessed no innate power of its own. As Dave drew upon his aura, Maddie sat up next to him, her gorgeous nude form a distraction all by itself.

"Is everything alright?" she yawned.

"Yeah, I had an idea. I'm going to transfer my Channel into my class ring," Dave explained. "I just read about it in my Incantus."

"Oh, that would draw far less attention than a dragon ring, wouldn't it?" Maddie giggled.

"My thoughts exactly. Ok, here we go."

Focusing on the metal bands of the rings, Dave willed the prongs to loosen a bit, allowing him to levitate the stones in the air. Thankfully, they were exactly the same shape, and it only took Dave a few seconds to secure each stone in its new home. He then noticed that the dragon ring now held a stone with the GT emblem of Georgia Tech on top, but it was a simple task to remove that logo and place it on the surface of his Channel. The transfer complete, he placed his new ring on his hand and performed the spell that bonded the ring to him, ensuring it could never be stolen.
