 If this is the first Shelacta Tale you have read, please go the appendix to Tales 1 to 8 inclusive to learn about this world.

Tenth Tale: Sexual Mugging

This is from a 'True Crime' style magazine.

She trapped dozens of men with sex just for their money.

Amazing career of unemployed Secretary.

Victims' Outbursts interrupt trial. Court is cleared of public.

By our sex-crime reporter.

Lois White was charged with sixty-three counts of street robbery. She had been employed as a secretary to a prominent businessman but had been fired after small sums of money had gone missing from the office. At that time her employer had been unable to prove that she was the one responsible but sufficient evidence was obtained to cast doubt on her honesty. She had been given the choice of being fired or a full-scale police investigation would be started. She chose to be fired. The petty thieving stopped once she had left. If that were all...

Lois is an attractive woman in her early 30s. She is tall for a woman. Wearing heels she tops six feet three inches. She used her height for her crimes. A distinctive feature is her usually large but still feminine hands. They earned her salary as a shorthand typist and secretary. Even after she had been fired they supported her expensive gambling habit.

Lois loved gambling on horses. She was sure that she knew the horses and tracks better than the bookmakers, a frequent misconception, but in Lois's case her predilection for sure-fire winners led her to crime.

The petty thefts at her office paid for some of her gambling. Most of her salary went on the horses but while Lois's husband had a good job and paid all the bills life wasn't too bad. When her husband's company closed down their local factory he thought he would get another job quickly. He did, but not soon enough for Lois. She owed the bookmakers and needed money fast. When she was unemployed as well she was desperate. She didn't dare tell her husband because she had promised him that her gambling days were over. He had threatened divorce if she didn't reform and she knew he meant it.

Lois went to town the day after she had been fired as if everything was normal. Her husband was going for a job interview. She didn't want to upset him before the interview. She told her friend that she would tell her husband that she had been fired when he had a job but not before. Once in the city centre she spent her last coins on a cup of coffee. Over that coffee she decided to pursue a life of real crime. Her sexual trap was 'hand over mouth'. Surely she could isolate a man somewhere today and trap him. Once trapped she could rifle his clothing for any cash.

Her first victim was Mr. A. All her victims were given anonymity. Mr. A was walking to his car in the multi-storey car park. He took little notice of the tall woman following him. As he opened his car door her hand closed over his mouth and held him tight. He went into sexual ecstasy immediately and collapsed against Lois. She bundled him into the back seat of his car and held her hand over his mouth until he was fully entranced by her. As he jerked uncontrollably in repeated orgasm she searched his pockets. Unfortunately for Lois Mr. A had spent most of his cash and had intended to visit a cash point. She took barely enough for her fare back home. She left Mr. A juddering on the back seat and threw his car keys at him.

Although she hadn't made much money, Lois attacked again in that car park within five minutes. Mr B lost several notes, enough for a restaurant meal, but not a significant amount. Lois tied him up with his belt and tie before moving on to Mr. C and Mr D. She left them tied up bare from the waist down. Mr. D was observed by a passing woman as he ejaculated. She reported the incident as she left the car park. When the attendants reached him they realised that Mr. D had fallen victim to a sexual trap. While they were searching for the attacker, Mr. B and Mr. C were found and released but Lois had moved on. Within half an hour of entering the car park she had earned more than she would have earned in two days at work. Unfortunately for Lois her actions had been recorded by the Closed Circuit Television Cameras that covered every floor of the car park.

Lois then left the car park and went to a shopping mall. She waited near the single cubicle disabled toilet. She trapped Mr. E who was wheelchair bound, pushed him into the toilet and left with his cash and his key to disabled toilets. She locked the toilet from outside. Mr. E was not released for several hours. When he was released the mall issued a warning over the public address system but Lois was long gone.

Mr. F, a slightly built shopworker at the mall, was trapped as he took trash to a dumpster. After succumbing to her sexual trap he was tied up with his overalls and deposited with the trash. He was found by another worker within minutes while he was still ejaculating from the effects of Lois' trap.

She had found another hunting ground. She entered a cheap cinema showing adult films. As she walked behind the back row of seats she trapped all ten men in that row. She sat next to the first one, removed his cash and moved slowly along the row, helping herself as she went. The sound of the ten men ejaculating was not considered unusual in that darkened venue. She trapped another six men before leaving. The attendant noticed her because women were rare customers. As she left her coat pockets were bulging. When the lights went up at an intermission the sixteen men were still entranced.

It is not know what happened during the next three hours. Perhaps during that time Lois committed some of the other five hundred and fifty offences that her attorney persuaded her to ask to be considered? The men attacked, if there were any, have not come forward to admit that they were victims.

What is known is that when Lois came home that evening she had settled all the outstanding accounts with her bookmakers and had enough money to tell her husband that she had received a bonus at work. The next day she cleared the outstanding household bills by paying cash in small denominations across the counter of her bank. Even Lois cannot remember how much money she had stolen on that first day except that it was more than her month's salary would have been after taxes.

On the second day the car park, the shopping mall and the cinema were watching for Lois but she didn't visit them. The police were aware that some woman was using her sexual trap to relieve men of their cash but on the second day there was no real urgency. None of the victims could testify against whoever it was while enslaved to her. Their enslavement to the unknown woman had to be broken first. Even then most had no clear description to give. The only facts known were that the woman was tall, had large hands and used the hand over mouth trap which was exceptionally intense in its effect. Most of the men were incoherent for at least two hours after they were attacked.

Lois went to the lingerie department of a large store at a quiet time. She selected some lingerie and waited until there was a man waiting for a woman using a changing room. She attacked several men in a few minutes, dragging them one by one into empty cubicles. After removing their money she trussed them up with the items of lingerie. The men were tightly laced into corset tops, bound with pantyhose, gagged with panties or whatever Lois had available. She left the lingerie department before the security staff noticed that several men had disappeared. The men were found within minutes but they were incapable of speech. Much of the lingerie was soiled by ejaculation which annoyed the store's management. They had some good recordings of Lois and had circulated still shots of her to other stores in the town centre before the end of the trading day.

Lois must have spent some time after that in the open because entranced men were found in the park, in the waiting rooms at the bus and railway stations. The store had informed the police who were now watching for Lois with increased patrols. One policeman found her but approached too close, close enough for her to use her hand over his mouth. He was found handcuffed in the back seat of his patrol car. That incensed the police who alerted every female officer currently on duty with pictures of Lois.

Lois had found a new location. She entered a men's club, overpowering the doorkeeper as he opened it for business, and then the barman. The barman said later that she poked her head round the door and asked 'Is Mr Smith here?' When the barman approached her to throw an intrusive woman out she held up her hand and he walked straight into it. That was all he knew for several hours. When he came to he heard banging from the cellar. Lois had hidden behind the inner door to the club and trapped all twenty-five members as they arrived, dragging their convulsing bodies to the cellar trapdoor and sliding them down the chute before closing the trapdoor before she left. Apart from cleaning out the twenty-five members, the doorman and the barman, she had emptied the till. She left wearing a member's overcoat and hat which were found abandoned in a toilet on a commuter train. They were not retrieved from the Lost Property Department until after her trial.

The barman's evidence was crucial to Lois' conviction. He stated her height exactly, measuring it against a mark on the doorway to the bar. He gave the colour of her hair and her eyes and what rings were on her fingers and in what order. His description was unshakeable. Not given at the trial but only in his statement was a full account of the effect of Lois' sexual trap. Had she not changed her plea to guilty, a specialist from the Temple was available to testify that the particular effects of Lois' hand over mouth trap would be shared by only one in a thousand hand over mouth traps and that to the Temple's knowledge there were only three hundred and fifty women with a hand over mouth trap that powerful within a fifty mile radius. Combined with Lois' height and hand size the probability that the offender was Lois was very high.

This magazine has obtained an extract of the barman's statement. He said:

"As her hand closed over my mouth I felt a warmth between my legs immediately. Within less than a second I could not move. Her hand stifled any possible outcry. It appeared to cover my whole face and then another hand grasped my erection. I know that didn't happen. That it what I felt. Then just before I collapsed to the floor I appeared to be held between her hands as if I was some damned doll only six inches high. Her fingers played with my erection. I was sucking on her pinkie like a baby. She placed me against her breast and stroked me. Then I was humping as if I was trying to drive my tool through a woman and out the other side. That's all I remember until the banging in the cellar woke me two hours later. My tool was sore as if I'd been rubbing it with sandpaper and I was more drained that I have ever been."

On the third day Lois was caught giving her hand over mouth treatment to a security officer in another department store. The security officer's female partner had been distracted by a possible shoplifter but returned to see her male partner being dragged away by Lois. The female security officer watched Lois until she entered a changing room then summoned assistance on her hand held radio. Six female officers blocked Lois in the changing room and kept her there until the police arrived. The male security officer was found to be convulsing in sexual ecstasy at Lois' feet. He had to be taken home by ambulance and did not return to work for two days.

When Lois' attorney was shown the barman's full statement, she persuaded Lois to plead guilty. The attorney's fees were paid for by a National newspaper. The newspaper also paid the compensation ordered by the judge. Since most of Lois's victims refused to come forward she only had to pay for the losses incurred by the sixty-three anonymous victims. Several of them declined to claim on the grounds that the sexual excitement induced by Lois was payment enough for the small amounts of cash she had taken. It is understood that Lois' story is being ghost written and will be published in the autumn with an undertaking that all victims' names will be kept confidential.

After hearing shouted pleas for clemency from many of her victims, the judge ordered the court cleared so that their remarks could be heard. The public gallery had been making obscene comments as each victim spoke up for Lois. The press were still present but showed remarkable restraint in their reporting of some of the pleas. Lois was sentenced to a year's probation and four hundred hours community service as long as the compensation was paid within one month. The money was paid into court within one hour. Lois has agreed to attend a course of treatment for gambling addicts as part of her probation.

Her husband was beside her during the whole trial. Some of the victims expressed jealousy because the husband could experience many times what they had only experienced once. One even said to a reporter: "I'd willingly pay her twice what she stole from me for another experience of her sexual trap. She is fantastic."

Rumours that Lois will accept payment for giving a man a hand over mouth treatment were denied in a statement from her legal team.