 Chapter 7 – An English Honeymoon 

Maddie squealed in delight as the plane lifted into the air. Even with Dave explaining the concept of flight to her, it was still the most surreal experience she had ever felt in her life. Though Dave could have simply teleported them to England, he didn't want to rob Maddie of the exhilaration of her first flight. It was their honeymoon, after all, and they both deserved to enjoy it to the fullest. Even better, they had met an older couple while waiting at the gate for their flight, and upon learning that Dave and Maddie were on their honeymoon, the kindly gentleman decided to speak to the gate attendant about switching seats with the young couple. As such, Dave and Maddie got to enjoy their flight from the comfort of first class. Dave had, of course, protested, but by that time, the tickets had already been switched in the system and nothing could be done. 

"Dave, this is amazing!" Maddie whispered, interrupting Dave's recollections of the events of the day. 

"Sure is," he grinned. "I've never flown first class before!" 

"Champagne, sir?" a passing flight attendant asked. 

"Well... only if it's on the house," Dave replied. 

"Of course, it's complimentary. And for you, ma'am?" 

After a moment, Maddie replied, "I'd love a glass!" 

"Wonderful. I'll just need to see each of your IDs." 

Upon seeing their driver's licenses, the pretty blonde handed each of them a flute of champagne. They sipped for a little bit, joking and enjoying each other's company without a care in the world. After a while, the captain turned off the seat belt sign. By that time, the alcohol was beginning to make Maddie feel a bit friskier, and she started trying to grope her husband's crotch. 

"Maddie, what are you doing?" Dave hissed. 

"If you must know, I'm trying to get to my favorite thing in the world," she giggled. 

"We can't do that here! Someone will see!" he protested. 

"But Dave, I'm so horny for my husband," Maddie whined, pouting her lower lip. "Isn't there anything you could do to ensure our privacy?" she continued with a devilish wink. 

Genius as Dave was, the poor boy was worthless when Maddie got like this around him. When the blood rushed from his head and into his penis, she could convince him of just about anything. So, against his better judgment, Dave cast a spell around their seats that would make it appear to anyone watching that they were just sitting and chatting, while also using the Forget-Me-Knob spell to ensure the flight attendants wouldn't disturb them. At this, Maddie grinned that flirty grin she knew would make her husband melt. 

"Time to fold up your tray table, Mr. Brighton," she said, flipping up the armrest between them and moving to straddle him. 

"You're insatiable, Mrs. Brighton," Dave breathed in a husky voice. 

"That sounds like a complaint." 

"Fuck no, it's not," he replied, pulling her in for a passionate kiss. 

Though there wasn't a ton of room to maneuver, it was still first class, giving Maddie just enough space to slip her panties off from underneath her knee-length gypsy skirt. Dave barely had enough time to unbuckle his khaki shorts and slip his erect cock out over his underwear before she mounted him again. As she began to rub her slick entrance against his tip, any hesitations that might have remained in Dave's mind disappeared in an instant. All he wanted in that moment was her. 

"Never thought I'd get to join the Mile-High Club," he chuckled. 

Planting a sweet kiss on his lips, Maddie replied, "My love, I'll never hold myself back from you. It will be my greatest pleasure to make love to you, anytime, anywhere. It is my duty as your wife, after all." 

"Right. Your duty. That's the only reason you're doing this, right?" 

"But of course!" Maddie said, trying to appear innocent. "Otherwise, I'd just be a loose woman with no self-control!" 

At that, Dave placed his hands onto Maddie's slim waist and guided her onto his throbbing cock. She at first tried to stifle her moans of pleasure, but he reminded her that the privacy spell he cast included sounds, meaning she could be as loud and enthusiastic as she wanted. Their motions were not complex or varied, as they only had enough room to grind and hump each other in the seat. Still, the vibrations of the airplane and the ferocity of Maddie's hips were more than enough to bring Dave close to the breaking point. Sensing that she was also close, he reached up to fondle her heaving breasts through her tank top. 

"Oh, Dave..." 

"I know you love that." 

"I do... it's one of my favorite things you do..." 

Maddie continued to ride him for all she was worth, and the couple soon locked their lips together, each of their tongues fighting for dominance as their orgasms built. Both could tell the end was near, but they didn't care. A little quickie in an exotic location was just as fun as their long lovemaking sessions at night, and a nice change of pace, besides. Eventually, Dave's swollen member could take no more, and blasted rope after rope of thick cum into Maddie's convulsing pussy. They maintained their lip-lock, moaning into each other as they rode out the last waves of their climaxes. After several seconds of nervous giggling, Maddie at last disengaged from her husband and slipped her panties back on. 

"That was so much fun!" she whispered as Dave buckled his shorts back up. 

"Definitely," he grinned, canceling the privacy spell. 

"Everything all right? Do you need some more champagne?" a passing flight attendant asked them. 

"Oh, no more for me, thanks," Maddie grinned. "I fear I might do something regretful if I had any more." 

The cute blonde blushed at this. "I'm know exactly what you mean, ma'am. But please, let me know if you two need anything else." 

"Of course. Thank you," Maddie replied, still giggling with nervous glee as the attendant sauntered off down the aisle. 

***** 

By the time their plane landed in London, it was past lunchtime the next afternoon, and neither Dave nor Maddie had experienced jetlag before. Upon arrival at their hotel, they went straight to bed and slept for well over twelve hours, awakening early the next morning. Such was their exhaustion that they had not even touched each other once through the night! But now, rested and refreshed, they began their excursions to explore modern-day London. 

In Maddie's time, London had only just been founded some fifty years before after centuries of uncertainty as a minor port. From Roman occupation to Viking attacks, the tiny port had been the very definition of inconsistency. That had all changed in the last millennium, during which it had become one of the most vibrant and prosperous cities the world had ever seen. Their first stop was to ride a double-decker bus on a tour of the city's major sights and locations. This was the perfect way to wet their appetites for what was to come over the course of their honeymoon. Before the day was done, they had ridden the London Eye, crossed London Bridge, and eaten their first meal of fish 'n chips at an authentic British pub. 

The next day, they decided not to tour Buckingham Palace, as the crowds of tourists were insane during the summer, but they did witness the Changing of the Guard, which captivated Maddie to no end. The precision with which the soldiers worked was far more organized and formal than anything she had seen in her time, and she couldn't help but swell with pride at the heights her homeland had reached in a thousand years. After that, they visited the Tower of London, which contained a variety of artifacts, from weapons and suits of armor to the Royal Mint and even the Crown Jewels. Whilst there, Dave was surprised to learn that the Tower of London's reputation as a place for torture and execution was somewhat overstated; only seven people had been executed there by the time of World War I. Rather, most executions in those times took place on Tower Hill to the north. After an early dinner, they retired to their hotel room for a relaxing evening in bed. 

The next day's attraction was the Churchill War Rooms, which chronicled the life and career of Prime Minister Winston Churchill, particularly his efforts to beat back the Nazi invasion during World War II. Maddie remembered Dave's stories about Hitler and his attempts to take over the world, so learning about the man who had risked everything to deny him was an amazing experience. The main attractions were the Map Room, where Churchill and his military advisors had developed their strategy, and the Cabinet Room, which had held 115 total meetings between the years 1940 and 1945. Dave was particularly impressed with the technology they had available at that time, including a SIGSALY encrypted telephone that Churchill had frequently used to communicate with American President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Finally, they were shown Churchill's private office and bedroom, though they learned that the Prime Minister had rarely slept in the bunker, instead returning to his home at 10 Downing Street most evenings. Rather, his daughter had been the most frequent occupant of the tiny underground dwelling. 

That evening, Dave and Maddie got all dressed up to take in a West End play. When they looked for tickets, the choices seemed endless, but Maddie expressed interest in seeing Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Ever since Cindy had first begged to watch the Harry Potter films with Dave, Maddie had been hooked and binged her way through all seven books in record time. Though the play was very different from the books, it was still a fun experience all the same. Of course, Dave had a difficult time paying attention to the show, considering the slinky red dress Maddie had worn that evening. To his relief, they went straight back to the hotel afterward so he could do something about that. 

After a few days in London, the couple ventured out to explore the rest of England, taking a day to rest in Birmingham. That business concluded, they continued their journey northwest to Liverpool, Maddie's supposed home. Of course, they spent some time exploring the various attractions centered around The Beatles, but there was much more to Liverpool than that, they discovered. It was also home to England's longest-standing symphony orchestra, and the performance Dave and Maddie heard from them of English classics was nothing short of breathtaking. Composers such as Edward Elgar and Gustav Holst were musical geniuses on their own, but hearing their music performed by a British orchestra brought it to a whole different level. On the suggestion of several locals, they also decided to take in a Liverpool FC game. Dave's main sports indulgences were archery and the occasional game of American football, but he found international football to be too slow-paced to hold his interest. Maddie found the atmosphere entertaining, but the game on the field was nothing compared to the action of sporting events from her childhood, such as sword duels and horseback events. Still, the people-watching was superb throughout; English sports fans could get just as rowdy and wild as American sports fans, Dave noticed. 

***** 

"Mmm... I love you, Mr. Brighton," Maddie purred, content and relaxed from their most recent lovemaking session that evening. 

"I love you, too, Mrs. Brighton," Dave smiled, kissing her forehead. 

"What is our plan for tomorrow?" 

"Well, I don't know about you, but I'm about done with big city tourism for a little while, so I thought we might go explore our old stomping grounds." 

"What do you mean?" Maddie asked, sitting up a bit. 

Dave explained, "The world thinks Camelot was just a myth, but we know different. Wouldn't you like to see what has become of that area in the last millennium?" 

"Now that you mention it, I would," she nodded. "I don't know how much would be left, but perhaps we will at least find our old lakeside hideaway." 

"I'd like that," Dave grinned. "We'll have to be careful, though. I can teleport us wherever we want to go, but we'd still have to make sure we were seen by various public cameras every day to avoid raising any suspicion. You know, be seen leaving and returning to the hotel every day and whatnot." 

"An excellent thought. What time should we plan to leave?" 

"I'd say around nine, before it gets too hot." 

"In that case, we need to ensure we both get a restful night's sleep," Maddie cooed before kissing a trail down Dave's neck. 

***** 

Mark Iger sat alone in his hotel room with literally nothing to do but twiddle his thumbs in boredom. He had been tracking Dave and Maddie for a week already, from London, to Birmingham, and even to Liverpool. Though he had not pinpointed their exact location, that was of little concern to him at this moment. 

"It's not like I could do anything about their actions in public," he grumbled. "I'm not even supposed to be here, and a public display like that would attract attention from the wrong sort of authorities. No... I'll need to get them in a secluded location in order to complete my mission. Dammit, why must my boss be so stubborn? Maddie's presence here puts us all in danger of a paradox! That stubborn bookworm keeps insisting that the 'why' determines if a paradox will happen or not, but that's not a chance we can afford. It's up to me, now..." 

The fact that he couldn't listen in on their conversations only made Mark more frustrated at the situation. He had become accustomed to hearing their nightly discussions with the help of his observation spell, but with them constantly on the move, it was hard enough just keeping up with them. He could tell that they were somewhere in the tourist district, likely in one of the many hotels, but anything more specific was impossible to know for sure. Their magical signatures were particularly strong at this moment, though, which likely meant they were engaged in sexual activity. Such an act between two sorcerers caused their respective auras to surge with power from each other's emotions and energies. Mark again sighed in frustration at this; if he were in England on a sanctioned trip, he would likely be sampling the local beauties right now, but he couldn't risk anything blowing his cover until he completed his task. Shaking his head, Mark grabbed his Incantus to take his mind off things. 

"Let's see... Dave made frequent mention of Camelot. That would be right about here," he muttered, arriving at a page containing a map of England. "I wonder if they plan to return there for something? If so, that could be my best chance. No real tourist attractions in that area, nothing but secluded forests." 

Rubbing his tired eyes, Mark decided to turn in for the evening. Before switching off the lamp, he tore out a page from the local phonebook containing a few escort services. 

"My reward for later... once I've corrected Dave's foolish actions." 

***** 

Maddie awoke the next morning to an empty bed, seeing Dave pouring over his Incantus at the desk in the corner. 

"Good morning, my love. Hard at work already?" she giggled. 

"Yep. I managed to find this section of the Incantus with a map of England in Merlin's time. This should help us find where Camelot used to be." 

After showering and dressing for the day, the couple had a quick breakfast in the hotel lobby. They departed via the front door, ensuring they would be seen leaving by the security cameras, and made their way down the street for a bit. Once the crowds had thinned out, they ducked down a nearby alley and Dave pulled out his map of modern-day England. 

"Ok, according to the Incantus, Camelot was located around here," Dave said. "You ready for this?" 

Linking her arm in Dave's, Maddie smiled, "I'm ready for anything, so long as I'm with you." 

Dave focused his energy on the spot on the map, drawing upon his aura in a different way than he had before. As he was traveling to a spot on a map, rather than to a place he could envision in his mind, it took a great deal more effort than usual. After a few seconds of this, Dave began to grow frustrated, but Maddie was prepared for this and wrapped her husband in a hug. As he continued to focus, she joined in his efforts, lending him the strength of her aura. A moment later, they opened their eyes and found themselves in the middle of a secluded wooded area. 

"Holy shit... we're here," Dave breathed. "This... this is the spot I first arrived in Camelot. Yeah, that bush there! That's where I hid when I saved you!" 

Gazing out into the nearby field, Maddie said, "And there... that is where our carriage was attacked. Where Father and Sir James... gave their lives for me..." 

Dave wrapped his arms around his wife from behind her. "I'm sorry I wasn't fast enough to save them, too." 

Turning to kiss her husband on the cheek, Maddie replied, "Do not be sorry. I'm certain they are not. Their sacrifice gave you the time you needed to end the last of those brutes. I believe they would say it was worth it." 

The couple spent a few quiet moments in each other's arms, reminiscing about the day they met. Soon, Maddie had to break away for a drink of cold water from her canteen. Even dressed in khaki shorts and a tank top, the heat was sweltering that day. Dave, meanwhile, took another look at the map, seeing a nearby village with a large cathedral in it. The description stated that the cathedral had existed for over a thousand years and was the final resting place for many historical figures. 

"Want to check it out?" Dave asked. "It was around in your time, after all." 

"Let's do it!" 

With Maddie's help, Dave teleported them to the location indicated on the map, finding it far easier to do this time. Emerging from the trees, they spied a little village a short distance away and began the walk toward it. As they approached, Maddie's eyes began to tear up a little bit. 

"This path... I could walk it blind," she whispered. "This village was built from the remnants of Saxon, my childhood home." 

"You're sure?" Dave asked. 

"Positive. A millennium may have passed, but the area has remained undisturbed for the most part," she observed. "There are more modern roads and pathways, yes, but they are still right where they were a thousand years ago." 

They soon arrived in the village proper, finding it to be quaint and welcoming. The locals were warm and friendly, much more so than the city-dwellers they had met thus far on their honeymoon. Not that their experiences had been unpleasant, but Dave could still feel a great difference out in the country, similar to the change he felt whenever he visited Lewisburg. After receiving directions from a local citizen, they set off toward the cathedral. 

Though it was the largest building in the village, the cathedral was still quite modest compared to the ones they had seen in London. The graveyard, on the other hand, was massive, taking up at least fifteen acres of land, with more plots ready for use when the existing ones had been filled. To the casual observer, it would have been a strange sight, this young newlywed couple strolling through a graveyard on their honeymoon, but neither Dave nor Maddie could have cared a bit. Soon, they reached one of the oldest sections of the graveyard, easily identified by the faded and worn headstones. Dave hung back at this point, allowing Maddie to take the lead. She seemed to walk aimlessly for a while, drifting from stone to stone, but she finally stopped at one of the largest markers in the cemetery. The stone cross had been worn significantly, but it was so much larger and better made than the other headstones that one could still make out the engravings. 

"Dave, it's him," Maddie said with a sad smile. "It's my father." 
