 Larya slowly got to her feet, clenching her jaw as her head throbbed painfully. Fortunately, the headache was already starting to fade. In its place, a numb, sort of fuzzy feeling was taking over.

The warty-faced goblin grinned encouragingly, sharklike teeth glinting in what little light reached the bottom of the so-called Deepest, Darkest Forest. "That's right, chicky. Up an' at 'em."

"I remember," she mumbled. She leaned back against a tree trunk. The trunk was covered in soft, silky moss, and she found it surprisingly comfortable to rest her bare back on. "I remember how I got here."

"Atta girl." The goblin's head tilted. "We're mighty curious. Ain't a normal maiden what can get into these woods without us noticing. Even the fairies was a bit put off, and that lot... well, not much gets by them."

"I was..." Larya took a deep breath, trying to clear her head a little. She was reluctant to talk about what she'd recalled, but she had a feeling these memories were going to fade back into the dark corners of her mind if she didn't get them out in the open soon. And she didn't exactly want to disappoint her only friend in this strange land—naked and alone in such a vast forest, there was no telling what would become of her.

She steadied herself. "I was... very far away. I was being controlled by a... there was a succubus. She—" Larya stopped. The goblin's expression had changed instantly from mild amusement to total fury. "What?"

He was positively spitting. "Demons! I knew it! Knew there was some sorta trickery afoot!" He stamped his little foot, glaring up at her. "Fey don't care for the demons, chick. An' they love to put us down."

Larya bit her lip. She was feeling extremely vulnerable right now, and remembering what that demoness had put her through didn't help. "She didn't... she teleported me here. She said I wasn't 'ripe' yet."

As she said that, she could tell she was making some sort of mistake. The goblin's expression was shifting from anger to something else. Something calculating. He sat down, looking up at her, and scratched his pustule-covered chin. "Hm. Hm. Now that is interesting."

"Um...why?"

"She's got plans for you." The goblin tapped his beaklike nose. "Demons are good at that. See, chick, the fey see the present. To us, present's all that matters. Makes it hard for us to really do much long-term, since we just keep doing whatever's fun for the moment." He stood up. "The undead see the past. They can't let go of what they was feelin' when they died—if they was fightin' then, they fight now. If they was hungry, they just can't help but keep eating. Fey change too quick an' dead don't change at all."

He poked Larya in her belly, and she flinched. His dirty nail was as sharp as a cat's claw. "Demons an' their ilk see the future. All about great plans an' grand visions, but they never learn, see? They don't know how to learn from old mistakes, an' they's way too slow to take action. All that's why mortals run the world, while we're just the hazards."

Larya blinked. "So... you think Annuisetvio—"

The goblin hissed.

"S-so you think she wants to use me later on," Larya continued, voice shaking. "Why? What does she want with me? Why am I so special to her?"

"Eh, dunno." The goblin shrugged. "But we can find out. We're gonna help you, chick."

Larya instinctively tried to lean back, but she was still resting against the mossy tree. Her head felt too fuzzy for her to risk standing up straight. "'We'?"

Out of the corner of her eye, spheres of light began to appear. They bobbed in midair, glowing from behind the thick curtains of moss that surrounded the tiny clearing. The spheres glimmered and flashed dully, making her vision spotty, disorienting her.

She blinked. That only seemed to make her vision blurrier.

The goblin smiled, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a metal orb the size of someone's eye. His silver eyes shone brightly as Larya noticed the rest of the clearing beginning to grow dark. "Now, chick, I want you to look very closely at the shiny, shiny ball..."

~~~~

"I wish you wouldn't do that."

Snatch swung his iron scythe in a vicious arc. His weapon was an old, brutal-looking thing, notched and scratched, the handle partially broken off. He had to swing it twice more before the vines he was targeting at last retreated and he could turn to glare at his companion. "Balabar, they're fucking plants. They're on the path. You want us to go around instead?"

"We could, you know." Balabar chuckled, tossing his head to get some crimson hairs out of his eyes. "We aren't in a faerie forest, Snatch. The D.D.W. isn't overrun like... I don't know, the Evergreen. We aren't going to step off the path and immediately be lost forever, as long as we aren't idiots."

"It's got fairies in it." Snatch turned away and swung his scythe again. "And goblins, and werewolves, and... well, things."

"And if they want to get to us, some beaten old trail won't stop them. Again, not the Evergreen." Balabar chuckled. "Snatch, my dear thief, has it entered your little head that these vines might be there for a reason?"

Snatch turned back and was about to issue a retort to the arrogant hypnotist when he heard a high-pitched giggle. His head tilted, eyes narrowing. He glanced at Lapis—but no. The eight-inch fairy was still resting on his shoulder, her tiny head lying against his neck, fast asleep. Besides, fairy voices were generally more vibrant than what he'd heard, except when they wanted to speak normally for some reason.

"The fuck was that?" he snapped.

"Hm." Balabar appeared to consider it. A slow smile was beginning to form on his uniquely punchable face. "How lovely. I do believe we've been 'blessed' with the presence of a wood nymph."

"A what?"

"Hee!" Snatch whirled around to see the vines ahead pulling away. A very delicate-looking woman was approaching them, though Snatch was sure she hadn't been there a second ago. She had long emerald-green hair tied up in a ponytail, bright green eyes, and large, pointed ears. Standing about a half-foot over Snatch, and level with Balabar, the woman was so slender that, with any human woman, ribs would be showing. As it was, she just looked incredibly frail, like even the wind could knock her out.

Snatch felt instinctively drawn to her. Instead, he took a step back. At least she was clothed—the 'nymph' was clad in a very simple white dress. This was usually an encouraging sign when it came to fey. Assuming those they encountered didn't want to fuck them, which was very rare.

One of her little hands was up to her mouth, stifling another laugh as she looked at the two mercenaries. "Wow. It's not every day I meet someone who recognizes me just on my laugh alone! I'm quite flattered."

Balabar brushed past Snatch as Snatch continued to back away. The hypnotist looked confident.

"You should be," Balabar said. He gave a low bow, keepinghis face very straight. "Your musical voice and capricious tone was indicative of only a rare and special few. Of those, only the fair wood nymphs are prevalent in this vast ocean of greenery."

"Ooh." The wood nymph arched an eyebrow. "You have a way with words, Mister...?"

"Call me your humble servant, madam. And you are?"

"Sinthia." The wood nymph got a crafty look on her face. "I'm guessing you didn't come all this way to flatter me, though. What brings you to this 'vast ocean of greenery'?"

Balabar reached into one of his pockets, and the fey woman tensed slightly. "Before, we were hunting. Now I wonder if it has not turned to the reverse." Despite the nymph's wariness, all he pulled out was a simple silver pocket watch. He stared at Sinthia, his expression full of sincerity. "I look at you, and... I feel my words failing me. Dear lady, I have experienced the fairies. I've tamed the catgirls. I've even conquered a succubus or two, and sent each one back home gasping. I had thought myself impervious to the charms of lust."

"But?" the nymph prompted. She looked bemused. Probably ain't used to prey talking this much, Snatch thought.

Balabar dropped the watch so it dangled from the chain. Slightly, subtly, the pocket watch began to swing. It was still by his waist, but still the nymph's eyes were drawn to it—first out of suspicion, then out of a curious interest.

Snatch grimaced. He glanced at Lapis, ensuring she was still asleep. He was unsure if hearing Balabar's words in her dreams would still affect her, but hearing them awake would for sure. The sooner the fairy's free will was restored, the sooner she'd be—somewhat literally—out of his hair.

"But I see you," Balabar said. "I see you, with your beautiful, beautiful, shimmering hair. As vast and wondrous as the forest itself. I see your eyes, like pools of emerald flame, flickering... flickering..."

Balabar's voice got slower and softer as he continued, until it was almost like a lullaby. Snatch gave a start, realizing he'd been looking at the pocket watch himself. He rubbed his eyes, scowling. Hypnosis rarely affected him much, and it really pissed him off when it did.

The nymph wasn't blinking anymore. That was the first sign, Snatch knew.

"You're utterly hypnotic to me..." Balabar was saying. "The way you move, the way your hair catches-the-light-as-it swings, swings, swings in the breeze. Nymphs are very good hypnotists. Their words are like honey, and I am nothing but the fly. I'm helpless, drowning in those gooey, gooey words. Those words just drip, drip, drip into my brain, and I can't help myself, can I? Can I?"

"Yeah..." Sinthia mumbled. "I'm... good at that." She frowned, starting to look flustered. "Watch... watch is..."

"Yes. I keep watching you; can't look away from your beautiful, shimmering hair. So hard to look away. Keep watching. Keep watching."

"Keep... watching..." Sinthia gave a dazed smile. Her eyes were following the watch perfectly now. "I have you... under my spell."

"Yes. Yes, you do." Balabar wasn't bothering to hide his smug tone anymore. Snatch knew those orange eyes would be gleaming now, shining with the excitement of a new catch. The thief swallowed, looking up into the nymph's entranced eyes. Slowly, surely, those eyes were losing their shine, turning a little bit duller and more vapid every time the watch swung back. "Under your spell. Under your spell."

"... yeah. Under your spell." The nymph hesitated, her head giving the very most miniscule of shakes. "Uh. No. No, I mean—"

"It's such a shame you keep your hair like that," Balabar said. His voice stayed smooth, but it was quick, firm. Dismissive. Like a schoolmaster criticizing a pupil.

The nymph's uncertainty instantly vanished, replaced by a vaguely chastised look. "Mm?"

"Up in that ponytail. You hold it up, like it's above the rest of you. Your hair is so beautiful. It deserves to be seen. So beautiful."

"Oh. Y-you think?"

Slowly, hesitantly, the nymph reached up and unknotted the twine. Her long tresses of emerald hair spilled down her shoulders like a green waterfall.

"Good girl," Balabar cooed. "What a good girl."

Sinthia smiled shyly. "Y-y-yeah..."

"Sinthia, what is my name?"

Sinthia was still staring at the pocket watch, now swinging in wide, lazy arcs. Her mouth was slightly open. Her head tilted in confusion.

"Oh, silly me. I didn't tell you. So silly."

"Silly." Sinthia giggled. Snatch rolled his eyes. She sounded like she had lost about half her intellect in about a minute's time.

"Yes," Balabar said, "what a silly girl you are." He glanced at Snatch, showing the thief his utterly self-satisfied smirk, then turned back to Sinthia. "I am called 'Master'."

"Oh. Uh... but. But that's not a normal. Um." The nymph frowned, clearly thinking very hard. "It's a... it's a word."

"You're confused. Silly little nymph."

"Ooh. Yes." She instantly relaxed. "I'm just confused. You're... Master."

"Good girl."

The nymph gave a violent shudder, eyes widening. A little squeak escaped her.

Snatch was dumbfounded. Did she just have a fucking orgasm at that?

"Now, Sinthia..." Balabar kept swinging the pocket watch, but it was starting to slow down now. "... I have some questions for you. And I need you to be totally honest. Do you know what that means? I want you to swear everything you say now is true."

"Yes, Master," Sinthia said, eyes half-lidded. "I... swear it."

"First. What do you want to do? More than anything, Sinthia?" Balabar spoke very softly. "What have you always wanted, deep down?"

"Uh..." Sinthia bit her lip. "I, uh..."

"Do you really not know?"

"Uh..."

"It's a very easy question, Sinthia."

Tears were forming in Sinthia's eyes, which were screwed up in intense concentration—or the nymph's attempt at it, anyways.

"The answer is, serve. You want to serve me."

"Ooh. Yeah! I remember!" Sinthia was clearly lying, but she wasn't exactly in a state to realize that herself. "Yes, oh, yes! I swear by all the leaves in the tall maple trees that I want to serve you. Always."

"Second. Who is Master?"

"Ooh!" Sinthia's face broke out into a moronic beam of pure joy. "Ooh, I know! I know this one! You are! You are Master! I swear it by the morning dew on the petals!"

"Good girl!" Balabar said, acting delighted. "Such a good girl!"

Again, the shuddering, though Sinthia managed to hold in her squeak this time.

And so it proceeded. Snatch didn't want to watch. He honestly didn't. This was so many levels of gross; like watching a friend masturbate, except without the 'friend' part. Snatch looked at the radiant look in Balabar's eyes and quickly spat to the side.

But there was nowhere else to go. His adventurer's paranoia wouldn't allow him to split the group up. Where there was one nymph, there could be more, and Snatch had never fought fey before.

So he just sat down on a nearby boulder and watched Balabar begin to break the wild creature's mind.

Most of the questions were ones Sinthia didn't 'know' yet—ones she had to learn. She had 'always' wanted to be dominated, for instance. She had 'always' been a dumb bimbo. She had 'always' loved Master. Slowly, Balabar chipped away at her memories, her hopes, her friends (not that a nymph had many), until all there was was him.

And Snatch crossed his arms and watched.

At last, by the last question—"How do you feel?"—she was able to reply, perfectly eager now to help brainwash herself. Or maybe it was an honest answer by this point. The nymph squirmed under Balabar's intent gaze as she spoke.

"Horny," she whimpered. "I swear by the... by every perfect hair on your wonderful head, Master, that your slave is just too horny to think. And—and always h-has been."

The pocket watch had stopped swinging long ago, and now hung there still as a stone. Still she watched it.

"You've been staring at my crotch for a long, long time, little slave," Balabar said, raising his eyebrows in mock-confusion. "Is it the watch you want? Is it to know what time it is?"

Sinthia frowned.

"Or is it..." Balabar paused for several seconds, drawing it out, "... to suck?"

"Ooh." A slow smile formed as Sinthia 'understood'. "Yes. Yes! Please, Master, yes!"

Balabar's tone turned cruel. "Swear it."

Sinthia was visibly drooling, too far into the hypnosis to even swallow. "I s-swear it by... by..." She licked her lips. "I swear by your perfect, wonderful, yummy-yummy cock, Master. Please. I need it." She reached down and pushed up her breasts, her eyes half-lidded from lust. "Your bimbo needs it so bad."

Balabar reached down, slowly pulling down his trousers. She stared at his full erection, eyes widening to the size of buckler shields—

"Okay, that's fucking it!" Snatch shouted. "Cut that shit out!"

Balabar whirled, looking strangely caught-in-the-act. It was almost like he'd forgotten Snatch was there. "Snatch!" he snapped, pants around his ankles. "I am trying to—"

Snatch was aware of the fairy on his shoulder stretching her arms and yawning. He pointed at Balabar, glaring. "I put up with this dragonshit for, like, what? An hour!"

"Ten minutes," Balabar said dismissively.

"And how in the hell would—"

"I don't know if you've noticed, but I actually own a pocket watch, Snatch."

Oh. Right. Snatch grimaced. "Well, I don't give a shit. I put up with all this hypnosis 'cause she was a fey and wanted to enslave us and deserves it and shit, fine, but I ain't gonna watch you get sucked off by her!"

"Then turn away, maybe?"

"You creepy-ass little..."

"Joking! Joking!" Balabar threw up his hands, laughing. "Fine. If you're so deviant in your sexuality that you can't even bear to watch (or hear) a beautiful woman engaged in a natural act of passion, that's your problem."

It's not the woman I... Snatch ended the thought. Annoying as this new 'orientation' taunt was, even more insufferable would be if Snatch admitted to Balabar that he found fey at all attractive. That was how the fey got to you.

Sinthia was blinking, now, exiting her trance. She stared up at Balabar, a confused look on her pretty face. "... Master?"

Balabar turned back and smiled, quickly pulling his trousers back up. "Yes, Sinthia."

"I... no." Sinthia rubbed the back of her head, looking troubled. "No, that's wrong. And—" She gave a start. "My hair! And—" She looked up at Balabar, eyes wide. "What the hell did you do to me?"

"How do you feel?"

Sinthia's lip quivered. "Horny. I f-feel... like a horny bimbo... oh, gods, why... why does that feel so..." She squeezed her eyes shut, giving a low moan. A dim smile spread across her face, and her eyes opened. "... nnnnice."

"You've always wanted to be honest with me," Balabar said, taking Sinthia by the hand and lifting her to her feet. "And you've always been a dumb, horny bimbo, haven't you?"

She leaned close to the hypnotist, seeming close to swooning. Her head rested against his chest, and Snatch saw her breathing eagerly of his scent. "Y-yeah. Yes, Master."

"Good girl! Such a good girl!" Balabar held the nymph tightly as she shuddered with pleasure. "Now, slave, listen closely. We're looking for someone."

"Ooh..." Sinthia gasped, starting to kiss along Balabar's neck.

"A shapeshifter. She came through here, didn't she, you silly slut?"

"Yeah," Sinthia moaned. "She came by and—" she kissed Balabar's cheek, "—and then she goed. She went to the, uh, the water place."

"Water place?"

Sinthia's eyes lit up. "River!" she squealed. "Is a river!"

"Good girl." Balabar chuckled. "You're remembering now. Remembering all those promises."

"Mm... Thank you, Master." Sinthia lifted her head and kissed Balabar on the lips. He responded instantly, holding her firmly, forcing her into the submissive position as he returned the kiss.

When at last he released her, her voice was breathless. "So happy. So happy I can feel like this. Thank you so much for making your slave feel so good. I'm so-so-so grateful."

"I know you are," Balabar said smugly. Because, Snatch knew, he'd already told her to swear she was.

He turned back to Snatch. "We have our heading, Snatch." He winked. "Nymphs always have to keep their word. It makes them the easiest sluts to brainwash of the lot, if you're clever enough to work out how. They think they're so good at controlling, but deep down they all want the exact same thing. It's a surprisingly common trait in the fairer sex, I've found."

"Whatever." Snatch scowled. He heard Lapis give a longing sigh beside him, and his scowl deepened. "Let's just go."

"Of course." As Snatch turned, he heard Balabar addressing the nymph again. "Sinthia, take off that dress. You shouldn't pretend to be more than you are. And what are you, again?"
