 This chapter contains lesbian sex, hypnosis, moral quandaries, and a bit of gay sex. Now, I'm guessing not all my regular readers are here for the latter, so if it's not your cuppa, just skip to the next scene break when it rolls around.

Snatch kicked a stone, muttering an old tavern tune under his breath. As a rule, the thief generally hated singing, dancing, laughing, people making jokes about his name, and basic ordinary fun. And here he was, trying to remember the words to "The Three-Bee Tease". That was how fucked up things felt right now.

The Greatest, Darkest Forest loomed over him, casting twisted morning shadows. He wasn't afraid. No, he wanted something to try and screw with him. A goblin? A wifwolf? Bring it the fuck on. His hands clenched around the scythe he bore as he hacked his way through the foliage.

He didn't want to think about what had him so pissed. He really didn't. Unfortunately, he'd never been creative enough to really avoid subjects.

"This fucking job," he muttered, kicking the stone again. "This fucking job." He took on a high-pitched voice. "'Oh, Snatch, just take on a partner this once. He'll be super useful! Everyone loves hypnotists!'"

This whole job. It stank. Catching a shapeshifter was enough of a pain without dealing with some Chosen-sympathizer sex-crazed garbage. Snatch really, truly hated Balabar. The man was insufferable, and annoying, and smug, and...

... and monstrous, that old part of his brain said. Fucking evil, is what he is. These girls he's taking, they ain't done anything to deserve what he does. There's nothing to make someone deserve shit like that.

Snatch had never, ever been a moral man. He was the guy who took the moral man's purse while said moral man was getting his teeth knocked out by a third man of less high virtue. The thief reminded himself of that now. What did it matter if his partner was a bastard? Snatch just did the job. It wasn't like he was an assassin, or a slavetaker, or a moneylender, or any of those worse-regarded professions. Bounty hunting wasn't the worst job in the world by any means. And it paid damn well.

"Goddammit. Why's this shit so..." He cast about. "... shitty all of a sudden?" He kicked another rock and let out a shout of pain as it turned out to be partially buried, earning him a badly stubbed toe. He clutched the foot, letting forth a steady stream of multilingual curses.

"Maybe 'cause you aren't as bad as you think," whispered a vibrant voice in his ear.

"GYAH!" he shrieked, and his hand shot up to swat whatever it was—

"Hey! Watch it!"

Snatch realized that, of course, it was Lapis. A tiny dark-skinned woman with enormous solid blue eyes and four mirror-like insect wings hovered in the air before him. The fairy's reflective wings were oddly hypnotic, and he quickly averted his gaze. "Geez, you really are jumpy."

"You can talk?" Snatch immediately wanted to slap himself. Of course she could. She just hadn't talked much before because Balabar had... well, broken her. But now that he looked at her, he realized that her blue eyes had indeed regained their sparkle. The hypnosis had at last failed.

"Well, yeah." Lapis giggled. "I've been free for the last couple hours. Sorry, I didn't want Ma—ugh, Balabar finding out."

Snatch decided that not wanting Balabar to know something was a fully satisfactory justification for almost any crime.

"Look, Snatch, I hate to do the whole shoulder-angel thing, but..." Lapis cleared her throat, a sound not unlike a swarm of mosquitoes getting thrown into a very fast meat grinder. She flew to hover in front of him. "I mean, you know this is wrong. Right?"

Snatch bit back a retort.

"Snatch, you looked out for me this whole time. You took care of me until the hypnosis wore off. You don't do bad things." Her tiny arms crossed over her naked breasts. "But you don't do good things, either. That girl's a slave now and you're letting it slide."

"She'll break free in a day or so," Snatch snapped. "Balabar gets bored of his pets quickly."

"Is that what they are?" She zoomed to the side. "Pets? He's raping them, Snatch! And how long do his 'pets' last after he leaves? How long would I have lasted?"

Snatch threw up his arms, eying the ground. He muttered something generically offensive—he wasn't focused enough to really notice what.

"Yeah, pretty crazy how people expect you to not be evil all the time. Totally unreasonable."

"I am not fucking 'evil', gods damn it!" Snatch whirled on her. He felt his temper—such as it was—fraying fast. "I like my goddamned space. Larya's problems are Larya's problems. I have to much on my plate to go sticking my neck out. Leave that to the heroes."

Lapis's eyes narrowed. "We fairies have a saying, sir. Listen closely: Purging shadow isn't enough to make light. You can't just not get involved and act like you break even."

"Watch me." He turned away.

There was a long silence.

Snatch hadn't heard Lapis go, but he knew suddenly that she wouldn't be there if he turned back around.

He didn't head back to the camp. He just took a random direction and started walking.

~~~~

Larya moaned with delight as a delicate tongue probed within her. She clutched at the nubile body lying on top of her and plastered kisses all over the soft, dusky skin. She couldn't quite remember how this had started.

Of course, she'd been able to remember little of late. She took a big, round breast in one hand and started licking. Enjoying the pleasured gasps and sighs this elicited, she giggled and licked faster, flicking her tongue over the pert nipple and laughing again at the moans that followed.

Master—she came against her lover's tongue at the thought—wonderful, sweet, wise Master had come over to her earlier. She'd been fingering Sinthia at the time.

She took the other nipple between her plump lips and sucked at it playfully, holding Sinthia against her to prevent the nymph from shaking too much. Yes, this nipple was Sinthia's. Sinthia was almost as much her Mistress as Master was her Master, and Larya had been desperate to earn the nymph's capricious affections, so she'd begun to finger her. She remembered that much.

Larya blinked as the tongue probed deep inside her. "Mmm," she said. She was having trouble keeping track of what was past and what was present. Having trouble thinking. She burbled happily, releasing the wet nipple and running her tongue over it lovingly. Thanks to Master!

She suddenly became aware that she should express this gratitude, so she craned her head away from the jiggling beauties. "Th—oh, oh, thank you Master!" Her voice went breathless and squeaky at the end as she came a second time. Or was it a fourth? She giggled—she could barely count anymore. "Thank you so, soooo much for making me a... oh, oh—" She tried to give a sexy pout, only for it to be disrupted with another gasp. Whoever the licker was, she was making it very difficult to thank wonderful, sexy Master properly!

"Bimbo," said Master. Larya felt another orgasm hit her and squealed with glee. At the same time, she heard Sinthia and the third woman squealing with equal fervor. Yes! She was a bimbo! She was his bimbo!

Larya clamped her legs around the licker, ensuring the pleasure would not be allowed to ebb. She looked up adoringly as Sinthia rose over her, looked into those gorgeous, mesmerizing green eyes, that flowing green hair, and beamed.

"Good bimbo," her Mistress cooed down at Larya. The nymph shivered with delight—the word clearly affected her just as much as it did Larya. Larya squirmed. "Good, gooood bimbo. Bimbo. Bimbo!" Clearly unable to hold back any longer, Sinthia shifted positions and took Larya into a passionate kiss. Larya moaned, writhing eagerly against the tongue down below—and against Sinthia's hot body.

She was remembering more. She had been fingering Sinthia, and Master had walked over. He had been smiling, which had made both her and Sinthia come at the same time. It was wonderful to see him happy. He had introduced a new friend, Suki, who—oh.

"Unnh," Larya moaned through the kiss, prompting a throaty chuckle from Sinthia. It was Suki. Suki was the tongue down below.

With one hand, Larya held Sinthia against her, but with the other, she reached down between her legs. She felt the spiky red hair of the Wild Eastern kitsune and ran her fingers through it adoringly—almost possessively, but a silly slut like her couldn't be expected to have anything but love and orgasms, could she?

Suki didn't seem very smart. Larya clutched Sinthia, breaking off the kiss and kissing along the nymph's neck. None of them were smart, and Master, her beloved Master, had been so clever as to show how they were not-smart in different ways.

"Bimbo," she whimpered, nibbling Sinthia's earlobe. "Your bimbos."

She heard her Master laughing and grinned like a moron. She'd made him happy. That was the equivalent of... the best thing ever. She couldn't really think of clear similes anymore.

She rolled over on top of Sinthia, forcing Suki beneath to rapidly change posture to continue her efforts. She smiled down at the gorgeous nymph, who giggled up at her in turn. For a moment, Larya was in control.

Then she looked down. Saw Sinthia cupping her own breasts in just such a way...

Sinthia offered up the breasts and pouted seductively.

Larya breathed in the nymph's musky aroma and couldn't help herself. She gave a moan and descended back into the tits, licking, nibbling, and finally suckling at one like an infant. Sinthia moaned and gasped in ecstasy, stroking Larya's head in a true possessive gesture.

Feeling desperate to please her Mistress, the one who had led her to lap up her delicious, intoxicating, addictive juices, Larya reached down and began fingering Sinthia's dripping cunt. She looked up at Sinthia, still suckling, eyes wide with a question.

Sinthia looked down at her begging eyes. The slight increase of moistness down below was all Larya needed. She stuck two, then three fingers in and began stroking in earnest. Sinthia's moans got loud quickly, and Larya was filled with joy—joy that intensified when Suki started sucking at her clit and she joined Sinthia in a tumultuous, screaming orgasm.

"I'm glad that you're so happy," she heard Master saying. He was somewhere behind Suki, and probably the reason Suki's little whines and whimpers were getting so loud. "I'm glad you've learned how you like to be."

"Ohhhh." Larya felt Suki jerk and writhe between her legs, and she tightened her grip even as she continued sucking at Sinthia's breast. "Oh, Master, me so... me so horny..."

"I know you are, you silly slut." Master gave a slow chuckle. "You and all your kind."

"Mm, Master, she taste good," Suki whined. "She—mm—wetty-wetty. Sucky-sucky? Licky... mm... licky-licky lots?"

"Oh, yes, pet." Even in her current state—her constant state, Larya knew, forever and ever—Larya could hear the smugness in Master's voice. It made her wriggle with joy. "You should 'licky-licky' quite a lot. Licky-licky all the naughty disobedient thoughts out of her."

"Ooh, yes! Thank you so much, Mast—mmf!" The rest of Suki's words were lost as Larya felt the easterner double her efforts. Larya screamed into Sinthia's breast, overtaken by Suki's sheer ferocity. 

As the trio was approaching another shared orgasm, Larya heard an unfamiliar voice.

"Enjoying ourselves, are we?"

Larya tried to look, but she couldn't bring herself to stop sucking, or fingering, or letting Suki tongue her, not when she could hear Sinthia's pleasured moans getting so loud once more, not when she could tell how much it got Suki off to licky-lick—er, lick her clean.

Master sounded delighted, and Larya keened into the breast. She heard Suki whimpering—had Master stopped touching her?—and tugged on Suki's hair. She stopped suckling at Sinthia's tit, just for one unbearable moment. "Move around, slut," she cooed, before Sinthia grabbed her head and firmly forced her to get back to work.

Being forced like that made Larya even hotter. She felt Suki's legs pressing against her and Sinthia and beamed. She switched hands, taking the one positively dripping with Sinthia's nymph juices and reaching out to touch between Suki's legs.

It took a bit of feeling around—feeling that was clearly very difficult for Suki to bear, which made Larya giggle—but she finally got her fingers in Suki's pussy and started to rub the foxgirl's clit. Suki started moaning again, and her pleasure made Larya's even more delectable. Larya didn't even miss the tongue at her clit. Something about the simple bliss of her partners was... almost orgasmic.

Larya switched breasts and started suckling again. She could taste something starting to enter her mouth—something warm and wet and sweet and wonderful—and her mind almost blanked out from bliss as she obediently swallowed.

The tongue brought Larya pleasure. These hot, beautiful bodies brought Larya pleasure. But more than anything, the feeling of giving pleasure was almost impossibly arousing to her. These moaning, wriggling women felt so amazing that Larya could feel herself nearing climax, even without the tongue. It felt so right. And she could tell Sinthia and Suki weren't far behind.

Suddenly, she felt something inside Sinthia next to her right hand. Something strange. Something long and vine-like and... leafy? It forced her hand out, so she instead started rubbing over Sinthia's breasts.

At the same time, something similar had showed up and entered Suki. Larya left the fox girl's cunt and let her wet, slippery left hand travel up to her breasts instead.

Both girls suddenly became very, very loud. It seemed whatever the vines were, they were very good at—

And then she felt her orgasm hit her and Larya didn't care, she didn't care about the vines, she just wanted to come and come and make them come and come and be their slave and bimbo, their bimbo forever—

And as the three girls hit their climaxes, not a one paid a single thought to what was happening three meters away.

But Master did.

~~~~

"Enjoying ourselves, are we?"

Balabar turned, barely concealing his shock. And there she was.

Petite. Pink-haired. Most importantly, though, wispy gray eyes like stormclouds, just like the baron had said. She wore a simple black dress, like that of a widow. Balabar smirked. Fitting, considering her habits.

"I do enjoy watching happy women," he said, standing up. He heard Suki whimpering as his finger left her, but it couldn't be helped. He decided not to wipe off the finger just yet. Perhaps he would make this fine creature lick it clean for him. His cock hardened at the image this conjured.

"Happy women?" Mier the doppelganger looked at him with thinly-veiled disgust. "Brainwashed slaves."

"And what was Baron Bisem, my lady?" Balabar slowly approached. He could already tell that this one would not be difficult. "You hypnotized him, didn't you?"

Mier's eye twitched. "A pathetic liar. I can't hypnotize a thing; I just 'reflect' what they expect. And I... tend to dominate."

Balabar caught her eyes straying to the Wild Eastern fey, who was currently engaged in a complicated sixty-nine maneuver with his human bimbo. He smiled in delighted realization as he recognized the look in Mier's eye. "She's very happy, you know."

Mier looked back at him, caught off-guard. "What?"

"Suki. Er, sorry... Suisshu, wasn't it? I named her Suki. It suits her true purpose in life."

"The purpose you assigned."

"The purpose she was born with."

Mier laughed. "You're a real racist piece of refuse, you know that?"

"But see how happy she is?" Balabar gestured back to Suki. The little Wild Easterner was sucking and licking hungrily. She let out a loud moan and spread her legs wide for the nymph's questing tongue. For a moment, he paused—were those vines crawling over them? Some sort of magic of Sinthia's? But no, no time to consider it now. "Happier than she ever was before."

"She's—"

"Happier than you could ever make her." And there it was. The tiniest spark—not even true hurt, yet, just a little recognition of pain—flickered in her eyes.

She snorted. Her left arm seemed to shrink back, the flesh and bone melting away to reveal a long blade-arm of sharp bone. "I don't need to make her happy, friend. Just free."

"Is that really what she wants?"

"She told me—"

"I'm sure she told you many things," Balabar said smoothly (damn, but his voice was smooth). "And you liked it, didn't you? Liked her so-called free spirit, her lust for life. Because she wanted you to."

"I'm done listening to this."

Mier took a step forward. Balabar's heart skipped a beat, but he didn't let a trace of it show. He just let his smile widen, and he gave a slow shrug. "Kill me and I can't undo it."

She paused on that.

She couldn't know he was lying.

"There are plenty of ways to take a prisoner," she said. Her bony blade took on a club-like form in the blink of an eye.

She moved closer, and Balabar snapped his fingers.

She turned, but too late. The three writhing bimbos had become three threats in less than a second, and in the blink of an eye they were on their feet, staring at her with mixtures of hate, amusement, and overwhelming lust.

They tackled her to the ground.

"Hold her there," Balabar instructed, "and take off her clothes."

"Yes, Master!" Sinthia burbled. So eager to please.

"No!" Mier shouted. "Drat it! I—stop! Swish, stop it!"

Balabar calmly began to undress as he listened to Mier's angry cries, neatly unbuckling his trousers and allowing his cock to spring to attention. He finished around the same time they did. Still not turning, he suppressed a snicker. "Now, pets—begin touching her, but do it gently. Do not make her come."

"Get off!" he heard Mier cry. "Stop it! Swish, pl—pl—argh!" He heard his pets giggling as they softly rubbed the doppelganger.

He turned around—and burst out laughing.

Mier's more erogenous parts were frantically shifting around on her body, morphing from section to section—stomach, side, chest, shoulder—to get away from the bimbos' probing fingers. It was bizarre, pathetic, and hilarious. Of course, they couldn't outpace all three pairs of hands, and better still, the shapeshifting seemed to be exhausting her. Balabar felt genuine glee. Tired women were easier to convince.

He went to stand over her, crouching by her side. He made his smile kind and sincere. "Mier, look at Suki. Look into her eyes."

She did, despite herself. Her gaze lingered. Balabar knew what she saw: A sexy, sex-crazed slut. "Suki's entire existence is pleasure, now, Mier. And she's very, very happy." He reached over and subtly began stroking one of Suki's three bushy tails at the base, making the fox-girl give quiet moans. "Aren't you?"

"Yes, me so happy... so horny... wetty-wetty... thank you, Master."

He pulled away, ignoring her whimper, and stroked Mier's cheek with his wet finger. She flinched, but couldn't stop him, not when Larya gripped her shoulders with such a vice grip.

"You want to be like her," he stated. "Want to submit."

"Go to the fire," she spat.

"She wants you to join us, don't you, Suki?"

Suki whimpered, rocking slightly. She was currently straddling Mier's legs. In theory, this was to restrain her, but the way she was rocking right now filled him with sadistic relish. He licked his lips. He needed Mier to be his. She would be his greatest conquest yet.
