  Onwards to Chapter Four, in which can be found romance, nymph-assisted hypnosis, cruel denial, and moral relativism.

~~~~ ~~~~

Ten minutes after a very strange group of four had left the little mossy haven within the Greatest, Darkest Forest—which was beginning to live up to the latter part of its name as dusk descended upon the world—there was a flash beside the green-covered stones.

Six handsome little men appeared, sprawled on the ground and moaning softly. They did not move for several minutes more.

A change began to come over them as they lay there. Their noses grew and became hooked. Their eyes turned beady, their skin rougher and warty. Their neat, tight-fitting clothes became shabbier and shabbier as the minutes wore on. Soon, they were back to their ordinarily hideous forms—the forms goblins generally wore when outside the pocket dimension known as the Murk, barring glamers.

"Right," growled their leader. He struggled to his feet. This goblin was the most handsome of them all, making him an awful insult of an entity. "Now I'm right pissed."

"That..." The smallest of their number still lay there, panting. "She was... she was..."

"Somethin' off 'bout that chicklet."

"Yeah, what's 'at about, Ancyl? She was just some loose girl a demon'd grabbed."

"There's a whole lot more to her than that!" Ancyl, the handsome goblin, snapped. He leaned over and yanked two of his brothers to their feet. "That demon whore grabbed 'er, yeah, but then she sent 'er here! She took an interest, she did. An' now I reckon I know why."

"She's one o' them." One of the older goblins managed to climb up onto a stone. He spat something out. "Has a power over us, if we're fool enough to let our guard down. I han't been persuaded t'lick a woman in..."

"Alright, alright, Cestod." Ancyl grimaced. "I can't lookitchya in this world an' hear those words outchyer hideous mouth. Speak 'em when we're in the Murk an' I'll listen rapt, y'know it, but you're ugly as a goblin right now."

Cestod snorted. "So what now? We won't find one dirty as her in... well, a good spin or five, I figure."

"Yeah." The youngest one gave one last sigh as he climbed to his feet. "I guess we can go back an' go back to each other's company."

"Uh-uh. Boring." Ancyl rubbed his eyes. "An' again with the sayin'-of-that-with-that-face, Hirud."

"Sorry, Ancyl."

"But nah, nah." A cruel smile appeared on Ancyl's comparatively-handsome face. "We don't give up so easy. Someone grabbed her from us, an' y'know what? I bet it was that hot little eastern savage."

"Ooh, the fox?" Hirud looked interested now.

"A human can dip into the Murk if we're still transitioning through, but we was all the way in just now. Only a fey can get in then. An' only li'l Swishy's dumb enough to try it." Ancyl's silver eyes glinted as darkness fell upon his face. "We'll track down that cunt. Put her in her place. An' we'll find our fledgeling druid."

He turned to look at what could be seen through the trees of the sunset, giving a nasty laugh. "They'll be ours before the big man's up, boys. We'll have our fun yet."

~~~~

"I can't believe the goddamn sun already goddamn set."

"These things happen, my incessantly irritable friend."

"Stop making up words. And this only happened because someone had to go 'pee'. With his hypnotized nymph. For an hour."

"Snatch." Balabar held up his hands in a gesture of false modesty. "Can a man help it if he has stamina?"

"That just sounds really weird when you put it next to your cover story," Larya said. "Stamina for peeing? Seriously."

The hypnotist and his incessantly irritated friend turned to Larya, looking mildly surprised.

Larya hadn't spoken much since she'd joined up with this party of psychopaths. She'd ignored Snatch's complaining, tried to ignore Balabar's constant come-ons, and failed to ignore the sounds of his and Sinthia's passionate lovemaking when he had stepped out for his 'bathroom break' a couple hours ago.

"I'm starting to like this girl," Snatch said, giving what a fifteen-year old vulture with syphilis might term a smile. If it was blind in one eye. "Yeah, Balabar, real creepy lie there."

Balabar rolled his eyes, smiling. "Snatch, if you're so bad at comebacks that you have to hide behind a girl, is that really something to be proud of?"

Hanging on his shoulder, the nude nymph once known as Sinthia but now generally referred to by a series of progressively more humiliating pet names giggled airily. "Ooh, Master's so smart and clever!"

Snatch's eyes narrowed. "That—both of you, shut up! The point is, it's your fault we're already making camp, and you're just a... perverted idiot person!"

"My, my. I think you might be ready for one-on-one repartee with Sinthia." Balabar smirked, leaning down and kissing Sinthia on the neck. He steadily worked down her neckline. "Do you... mm... think you could handle that, my squealing little whore?"

"Oh! Uh... oh, yes..." Sinthia's eyes half-closed. She didn't seem to have heard the question, and this only made Balabar laugh as he began kissing her perky, round breasts.

Snatch looked away. Larya couldn't. She felt almost forced to watch.

Larya had been having a difficult day. Up until recently, she had been three hundred miles away, the reluctant apprentice to an impressively perverted wizard. Then he'd screwed up his first major summoning, and she'd ended up the plaything of a succubus. Then she had been sent here and made the plaything of a bunch of goblins. And when she'd gotten free...

Even Sinthia, dumb and addled and brainwashed, had been able to hypnotize her. Larya still felt a bit hypnotized—whenever Sinthia looked at her, her knees got wobbly, the command to go to sleep rang in her ears, and her pussy got just a little bit wetter.

It didn't help that she'd been stuck with one of Balabar's humiliating outfits as her only source of modesty. It was barely even clothing, consisting of a bright red miniskirt, a pair of semi-see-through tights, and a blouse that showed much more of her ample bosom than it hid. It looked like something a woman in the Kingdom of the Chosen would wear.

"Hey. Girl." Fingers snapped in front of her face.

Larya blinked. She looked at Balabar and Sinthia, the latter giving soft moans as Balabar's hand rubbed along her naked form, teasing her with its nearness to her sex. Sinthia's eyes opened slightly, and she gave Larya a terrifyingly erotic smile.

Larya swallowed. She turned to Snatch. "Thanks. I—oh!"

Snatch had just shoved a large bag at her. She caught it just before he let go, and staggered from its weight. "Whoa. This is crazy heavy, Snatch."

"Yup. That's why you're taking it. We need to set up the tents."

"Oh. Okay." Larya dumped the bag on the ground and fished out several telescoping poles. "So, listen... I know you probably don't have three tents, but I can't..." She glanced back, seeing Balabar and Sinthia half-running, half-falling into the bushes. "I can't be in their tent."

"You won't be."

"Thanks." Larya flushed as she lay out the tarp. "And I assume you won't want me in yours."

"Clever woman."

They worked in silence for a moment. As Larya began setting the poles, she took a little risk. "I get the sense women make you uncomfortable, Snatch."

It was like she'd just told him he was pregnant, and she was the father. Snatch whirled on her. His face went through a few emotions—angry, embarrassed, angry, angry—and eventually crashed on annoyed. He grimaced. "Me and woman... It's not a matter of comfort." For emphasis, he slammed his mallet down on one of the tent stakes.

"Then what is it?"

Snatch snorted. "I don't like being controlled."

He looked at her, then. Frowned.

The bounty hunter quickly went back to work.

Larya felt she had done something wrong. Or, at the very least, unusual. She guessed Snatch wasn't used to being frank.

Larya scowled. Well, he was about to get a dosage of the receiving end. "That's a bit hypocritical, don't you think?"

"'Scuse me?"

"Who was Sinthia, before Balabar took her in?" Larya pointed at the tiny winged woman curled up on Snatch's shoulder. "Who was... Lapis? You hate losing control, but your friend takes it from people constantly. You realize him and his slave tried to rape me back there?"

"I stopped them, didn't I?" Snatch snapped. "Sinthia was some bitch who tried to harass us. She'd have done the same to us, so pardon me if I don't mourn her. And as for Lapis..." He glanced at the fairy on his shoulder. "Balabar hypnotizes people as he goes."

"Girls. He hypnotizes girls. He talks like a Chosen." Larya crossed her arms. "I know Chosen. My town's bordered their kingdom for years, and... well, he talks just like one. And even if he just hypnotized Lapis 'because she was there', that doesn't explain why you keep her around like a portable sex toy."

"Hey." Snatch glared. "I ain't touched Lapis."

Larya raised an eyebrow, tapping her elbow.

Snatch blinked, and noticed Lapis was leaning against his neck. "Well, except for right now, but not touched-tou—you get what I mean. But girls he leaves behind don't fare so great without him. I'm just letting her tag along until the magic wears off."

Larya's eyes narrowed. "The fact that you know what he's doing is wrong just makes it worse. You still travel with him; help him; pitch his tent." Actually, she had no doubt Snatch was only pitching his own tent, but she quickly went on before he could point that out. "He may be a monster and a rapist, but what does that make you?"

Snatch's jaw clenched shut. He was silent for a moment. And as she waited for a response, a few things clicked for Larya.

She inwardly cringed. She didn't know this man. He hunted and killed people for a living. She knew he could cut her in two right now if he wanted to—or just let Balabar take her. She had just given a brutally honest speech about a wandering murderer's immorality to the wandering murderer.

Snatch reached over, grabbed Larya's last stake, and pounded it into the ground with a blow that could shatter bones. "Bounty hunters aren't in the business of questioning their teammate's morals, girl."

Larya straightened, nodded glumly, and turned away.

"Then maybe," she muttered, "one oughtn't be a bounty hunter."

She knew Snatch heard her, but he didn't say a word. He just stalked inside his newly set tent, pinning the flap shut behind him.

Larya registered then that the cries and moans from the bush had ceased. She turned, hurrying in the opposite direction.

She was glancing back, wondering if she was being followed, when she bumped right into Balabar's waiting arms.

~~~~

Suisshu—"Swish" to her friends—and Mier lay against opposite walls of the dark, humid cave. Between them, a small fire blazed, lighting their faces: Swish, brown-eyed, with spiky red-orange hair and a bright smile, and Mier, her eyes a shifting shade of silver, her short hair a shocking neon red.

Swish watched as the firelight sprinkled shadows upon Mier's small form, making her dull-colored clothes difficult to distinguish from her dusky naked flesh. Mier hadn't been that small before, had she? Now she was almost as little as Swish herself, and Swish knew she was short even by the standards of her homeland.

Swish knew Mier was looking her over as well, though there was both much more and much less to see. Swish, like most fey, was completely naked right now. Her relatively small breasts were on full display, though she had her legs close enough together to preserve some semblance of modesty. But not much. She looked down, noticing how the shadows danced and played across her own body. "I am sorry for my manner," she said softly.

"Hey, don't worry about it." Mier leaned over and turned the little spit roasting her dinner. "You got me a pheasant. I'll put up with a lot for food. I've put up with worse than having to look at a hot naked lady."

Swish giggled.

"So, I guess you're probably wondering the obvious thing," Mier said. "About me."

Swish was silent for a time, but quickly spoke when Mier opened her mouth to prompt her. "Yes."

"Well?"

Suisshu weighed her answer for a few seconds before speaking. "What kind of a name is Mier, anyway?" She looked up at Mier, giving a wink. "I have heard many names since my arrival in this land. That one sounds almost like a joke, when you consider who bears it."

Mier looked taken aback. "What? You aren't gonna ask about—"

Swish held up a hand. "That cut I saw in your below?" She frowned. Behind her, her three fox tails twitched in annoyance. "Erm... belly?" She waited on Mier's confirming nod before continuing. "You did not want me to see that. It was rude of me to ask about it before. Besides, you have so cleverly concealed it, and it would be rude to de-regard such fine deception."

"You're a weird fey, Swish."

Swish blushed. She couldn't tell if she was being complimented or not. "You are... a weird doppelganger, Mier."

"Yeah." Mier gave a weird smile. "But anyways, the name? Doppelgangers like names like that. My sister's name was Shyfft—it's spelled funny, see—and my uncle was called Murph." She paused. "It's 'cause it sounds kind of like morph. Which is a word for shapeshift. The joke may not translate."

"Oh. Okay." Swish laughed. She wanted to be polite. She wasn't sure why, but she really wanted Mier to like her. Desperately. Something about the doppelganger was just... magnetic. Her personality, her confidence, her... something. Something in those silver eyes.

"So, hey." Mier raised an eyebrow. "I've never been with—never spoken with anyone from the Wild East before. What's it like over yonder?"

There was a curiously hungry glint in her eye. Again, Swish found herself eager to please her, to impress her. "Oh, it's quite nice. The land is beautiful, and the fey are... perhaps a bit wiser than those here. There are more dragons, as well. I know many of the great wyrms here were slain long ago."

"Slain or hidden." Mier pursed her lips. "Some of them got clever. The rest... didn't."

"So I have heard." Swish sighed. "In the Wild East, beasts and man and fey interact more peacefully between each other. I can walk into a town of humans and be treated like an honored guest." And much, much more, she thought. She rubbed her legs together, remembering.

"Sounds pretty nice."

"Oh, yes. Only..." Swish grimaced. "They treat each other like nothing. Humans fight humans, fey fight fey, and the demons keep it so. Local autori... authorities hold all the power, and not all wield it very good. War is constant. I loved the land, but I grow weary of taking a sword with me everywhere I go."

"So you left."

"Yes." Swish's smile returned. She started to stretch her legs, but quickly stopped herself. She might take it as a rude invitation, she thought, flushing bright red again. It is so dreadfully confusing to be a fey in this land.

"Huh." Mier seemed to be digesting this new information. She didn't appear to notice Swish's sudden embarrassment, and spent a moment silently turning the spit. "So, hey. This may come off the wrong way, but... you don't strike me like the other girls of the Wild East. At least, not those I've heard about. They're said to be a bit..." She paused, seeming to search for a non-crude way to say it. "...bothersome."

Despite herself, Swish pulled a face. "Oh. You have heard of the lust sprites."

"That what they're called?"

"Scandalous half-fey that take what they please for their own pleasure. Your land has them, too, but they take on the manners of whatever is expected of them. Being morons, those that come from my land quickly form what is expected of all eastern women, and so they took on that." Swish scowled. "With the 'sucky sucky', and the 'me so—'... well, you know. It is all they say now."

She tried to keep her tone relatively neutral. In truth, had a fey asked this of her, Swish might have punched them. Eastern fey and humans alike despised the stereotypes, and the sprite only served to validate them. Suisshu was quite tired of being complimented on her 'articulation'.

"That a fact?"

"... I rode the same ship that brought so many of them here to begin with. As I said, fey do not get along where I come from, but sometimes the conflict is handled... in other ways." Swish tried and failed to suppress the memories. Countless nights and days spent in the hold, held down and licked on every inch of bare flesh, driven to constant orgasms that only ended when she managed to distract her tormenters with each other and crawl away for a few minutes' respite. Even that option had vanished when the sprites had worked out how to work the brig's manacles. "There are worse ways to travel, but one gets bored of the exact same sort of woman after three months at sea. Particularly when they control everything you do. It was humiliation, and me... I long for new experiences. That's part of why I came here."

Mier blinked.

Swish was still reliving one of the many memories forged on that little boat when she felt a soft hand touch her knee. She looked up, eyes widening as she took in Mier's rainbow-colored eyes, the colors dancing, spinning, sending Swish's mind into spirals. Mier's voice was rough with desire. "Then... how about we make some?"

"Whuh?"

Mier's red hair began to grow long, developing a gorgeous sheen. She'd crawled around the fire, and her face was a foot away from Swish's. She licked her lips. "Swish, you're really hot. And I can tell you feel hot."

Swish's mouth watered as Mier's fingers slowly dipped down between the fox girl's legs. "I... b-but..."

"But you're also really, really attractive when you talk about new experiences." Mier's voice was husky. She batted her eyelashes at Swish, and the on-off, on-off of the rainbow eyes made Swish's head spin. "I want to be with you. I have to be with you. Now."

The fingers came to rest against Swish's sex. Softly, gently, they pulled open the lips—not that it was difficult, as Swish was getting insanely wet. She took a breath in and inhaled Mier's smell. Only there wasn't one.

She stared blankly into Mier's gorgeous multihued eyes. No smell. Everyone had a smell, a scent only she could pick up, something unique to them. All foxes like her could smell it. But all the doppelganger had was what was added on—pheromones, sweat, pussy juices. Even the smell of soap from a recent bath was gone now. It was nothing but the purest scent of lust.

It was intoxicating. Slowly, eagerly, she leaned forward to kiss the beautiful, scentless creature—

"Well, well. Heh. This is a surprise."

Swish spun her head with so much force that she bopped Mier right on the forehead. The doppelganger fell back, swearing. Swish wanted to apologize, but she was too busy growling when she realized who had interrupted.

It was Ancyl. The warty-faced goblin—uglier than sin; the most beautiful goblin in all the land—leered at them both, giving a throaty chuckle. "I wondered why you always turned me an' my boys down. And here I find you ready to lie with some... thing. Should've known you would have a thing for that."

"Ancyl!" Swish snarled, leaping to her feet. "You filthy little—"

"Hey, believe me, I ain't happy either." Ancyl shrugged, pulling his face in an expression of innocence. "I'd've loved to keep watching. It was just startin' to get good. But I got business here."

"What business?" Swish heard Mier getting up behind her.

"Druid business. We're lookin' for our wayward babe, Swishy." Ancyl scowled up at her as she advanced. "You made a big mistake grabbin' off us."

"I did not!" Swish's temper didn't often assert itself, but it did now. She had just been about to have sex—for the first time in many, many moons—with a beautiful, wonderful girl. Creature. Person. Goddess. And this stupid, stupid little goblin... "Why would I steal off of you?" She gestured behind her, eyes narrowed to slits. "I am busy, as you can see! I do not invade your places. I leave you and you perverted gang free to grab and rape, as long as you do not bother me." Actually, when she said it like that, it sounded kind of bad. But it couldn't be helped, could it? Too many fey in this land were okay with 'taking' for her to get too forceful with her morals.
