 Okay, here is the first chapter of Shipwrecked. It isn't very sexy yet, but I have already started work on the second chapter, and things get pretty steamy so check back for that!

I hope you enjoy my story, and don't copy it or anything without my permission. Thanks! 

Helen

*

Ariadne woke up suddenly, the burn on her exposed face and arms becoming too hot in the blazing sunlight. She slowly sat up, her body's aching muscles protesting to her movement. She looked around, squinting from the brightness, and realized she was on a beach. 

She tried to remember what had happened, and suddenly, seeing a few pieces of splintered wood on the sand near her, she remembered! The ship had gone down, she suddenly realized, looking around for other survivors. She saw no one on the beach, and hoped they'd landed elsewhere on this odd island. 

She got up with difficulty, her skirt tangling around her legs and almost tripping her down again. She ripped it all the way around, leaving it just above her knees, and folded the fabric before she tucked it in her belt. She set off walking towards the cave she saw nearby, and moved faster when she heard noises coming from inside. 

As she drew closer, she was shocked to see a man and a woman together just inside the mouth of the cave. She couldn't see what they were doing, and she started running, excited to see anyone. It didn't cross her mind until later, that she had been the only woman on the ship, and it should have set off alarms in her head. But soon as she drew closer, she slowed down when she saw what they were doing. She had heard stories about men and women and how babies were made and those matters, but she had never seen it. 

The gorgeous red haired woman was moving up fast and slamming down hard over the man's pelvis, and they were both making loud sounds of pleasure as they moved and he cupped her breasts. Ariadne didn't know whether to approach them, or run in the opposite direction. Her decision was made for her as the man put one hand down by the spot the two were joined together and rubbed something there as they both screamed in pleasure and he held her tightly down against him. 

When they separated, they saw her and she recognized one of her guards, Aeolus. She was frozen to the spot with indecision and Aeolus approached her slowly, still stark naked and his private area was glistening with shiny liquid. 

"Princess Ariadne?" Aeolus asked, as he walked slowly towards her, his hands out. 

"Where is everyone Aeolus?" She asked, frightened and embarrassed at what she'd just seen. 

"The ship went down, Princess. I didn't know anyone else had survived until seeing you now." He explained, just realizing how inappropriate he looked when he got close enough to see her face. He covered himself as best he could with his hands, bowing his head apologetically. She looked at him incredulously and her blush subsided a bit when he covered himself. 

"Do you know where we are and why the ship went down Aeolus?" She asked, looking up at the sky since she couldn't seem to make herself look him in the eyes.

"We must have crashed into some rocks last night. I have no memory of what happened until I woke up this morning in the sand over by that cave, without my clothes and that woman was laying next to me." He admitted sheepishly, knowing it had been obvious what they had been doing.

"Where did she go?" Ariadne asked, looking around for the woman that had vanished while they were talking.

"I don't know Princess, but I am going to go find my clothes, I think that I see them by the cave. Then we can explore a bit and see if there are others stranded in different areas of this island." He started walking back towards the cave and she followed, unsure what to say or where to look. 

Suddenly when they were near the cave, someone unseen by either of the two came up behind Ariadne, covered her mouth, and dragged her into the cave until she could no longer see the entrance. 

***************

Aeolus was busy getting his clothes on and didn't see that the Princess had disappeared. When he was ready, he turned around, ready to apologize again for being indecent and she was gone. He could see numerous other caves around the one he was next to, but he didn't know why the Princess would wander off on her own. 

Maybe she had seen the flowers that he had just seen and run off to pick some. Their Princess was easily distracted. He headed off to the meadow that lay just beyond the beach and he was passing another cave when he heard a man's yell. 

Aeolus cautiously crept over nearer to the cave and stood where he couldn't be seen, trying to figure out what was going on. He heard moaning and echoing slapping sounds coming from inside the cave and immediately was concerned about Ariadne's safety. But the yell he heard had been a man's, and so he peeked around the edge of the cave and his recently spent cock sprang up again, as hard as the cave wall next to him.

Inside the cave, a man and very small brown haired woman who was clearly not the innocent princess, lay together, the man pounding down into her, panting for breath, clearly close to his end. She was panting as well, taking the deep thrusts easily and begging him to give her more, and as Aeolus watched, she suddenly stiffened and moaned sensuously, legs locking around the man's back, and he thrust a couple more times hard, yelling loudly as he came hard inside her spasming body. 

The two lay there for a few minutes, catching their breath together and talking quietly. Aeolus backed away and sat on a rock embedded in the sand, waiting and hoping that they would come out and he could see who they were and ask some questions. 

He was out there for a long time before a clothed man came out of the cave and looked around, squinting in the light. Aeolus recognized his fellow guard Theron, and let out a sigh of relief as his friend saw him and came walking up. 

"Theron! I thought I was the only survivor!" Aeolus said, clasping his friend on the shoulder. 

"It appears we are not the only two as well!" Theron exclaimed, and pointed off to another man that was stumbling around confused and had only just come into sight. 

Aeolus recognized another person from the ship, Ionas. The two men hurried over to the other and all checked each other for injuries as they told their different stories. All three were puzzled to find that each had woken up with a beautiful woman beside them, because they knew the only woman on the ship was Princess Ariadne. None of them had any memory of the night before, but they knew that their ship had sunk. 

Aeolus looked at his companions, and though Ionas was not his favorite person, he was not his least favorite. The men agreed to head off to the meadow and trees they could see beyond the beach and try to find food and water while they looked for their absent Princess. 

***************

When Ariadne was released from her captor, she looked around the room and saw a comfortable room in the cave, furnished with many beautiful and soft things. She turned around to see that her captor was a woman! She was outraged that another woman would treat her this way, and the normally soft and gentle Princess curled her hands into fists.

"Hear what I have to say first." The woman bargained, flipping her hair back over her shoulders. Ariadne sized up her opponent. She was wearing what looked like a bright blue dancer's costume, all gauzy and transparent, and she had golden bangles around her wrists and ankles. And she was very tall and voluptuous, curving in all the right places. She had stick straight blond hair that went just past her shoulders and intense bright blue eyes that were similar to her costume. 

"You need to understand first what I am." The girl said, gesturing to herself.

Ariadne nodded, as a signal for the girl to continue explaining.

"I am a Siren. There are four of us on our island, and we lure men in to satisfy our needs and give the survivors of the wreck a life in near paradise here. Sirens do not age, or have any problems with sickness, or injury." She explained, as Ariadne gave her a disbelieving look.

What rotten luck! Ariadne thought, out of all the islands, we had to wreck on this one?

"The only thing we ask of these men is that they be available for our needs, should a ship not come by for awhile. They do so willingly, and if they want, they can leave. You can also leave if you choose to do so." She continued.

"Then I wish to leave." Ariadne interrupted, and immediately the girl's face turned to beautiful sadness.

"If you truly wish to leave our beautiful island, you will die. As you are female, the moment you washed up on our shore, you became a Siren too. If we leave this island, we are claimed by the gods who washed us up here, and we can no longer live. I am sorry, but this life is not bad at all, I prefer it to a life of childbearing and sewing." Zoee said, smiling a little at the end.

Ariadne took a moment to think about what her life meant now. She could not be a mother as she had so desperately yearned to be. She could never marry the prince now, as she could not leave. But she wanted to live.

"I would like to stay." Ariadne said to the girl, and the girl hugged her hard.

"Wonderful! I am Zoee, and you will meet the other girls soon enough. They will be so excited to have another sister!" Zoee bounced with excitement and then started preparations for Ariadne.

"First we must find you a home, clothing to wear, and I will show you all around the island!" Zoee grabbed her hand and led the way out of the cave, which Ariadne realized was Zoee's home. 

"So what is your name sister? We will have so much fun!" Zoee kissed her on the cheek and they exited the cave into the bright sunlight. 

"I am Princess Ariadne. Well, I guess I'm just Ariadne now." She replied, and Zoee giggled and started showing her all the open caves she could pick from, and pointed out where the others lived.

Eleni lived in the big exposed cave where Ariadne had spotted Aeolus. Lydia lived in a small cave, tucked away farther back that was more private. Philomela lived in a cave that had another cave underneath, and you could see carved stairs on the side of the rock below it.

Ariadne chose a medium sized cave, a little bit away from the others, with three private rooms hidden inside. It had an overhang in the front, and the front was facing away from the others and towards the ocean. Zoee had her put a marking right inside on the wall. 

"This marks it as yours, and whatever mark you choose will be yours no matter what, so choose carefully." Zoee instructed, showing Ariadne her own mark by drawing it in the sand. It was a small circle with three lines through it. Ariadne thought carefully, then started scratching away in the rock near the entrance to her home. 

Zoee inspected it when she was done and applauded her artistic skills. Ariadne had drawn a small lily surrounded by a circle. 

Zoee then took Ariadne to their big storage area where they kept all the shipwreck things to find clothing and such. They had sunk a lot of big ships carrying expensive cargo. 

"What is your favorite color?" Zoee asked, rummaging through what looked like a pile of gauze just like she had on. 

"Pink?" Ariadne answered, and was rewarded with a pile of pale pink gauzy garments. 

"It is too hot to wear much else here, and the men we wreck certainly like it when they see us." Zoee giggled and grabbed some gold bracelets to put around Ariadne's slender wrists and ankles. 

"Come on, change. You will feel so much better!" Zoee demanded, and Ariadne blushed at the thought of taking her clothes off in front of this exuberant girl. Zoee rolled her eyes and gestured to her that she should hurry up. 

Ariadne slowly kicked off her sandals and took off her dress and undergarments, blushing furiously as she tried to figure out how to get the pink gauze on. Zoee helped her out, casually touching her breasts and other parts of her body, to get her outfit to lie properly. 

Once Ariadne was properly clothed, Zoee took her to meet the other girls on the Island. 

"Eleni is in charge really," Zoee explained.

"She is the oldest, because she was here first. She wrecked and was trapped for years before Philomela came along, and they explored and found out the power that we Sirens have together. But it is the responsibility of the Siren whose been here the least, to train the newest. Thats why the girls got to have fun and I got stuck with you!" She teased, and tickled Ariadne's side. 

Zoee stopped in the middle of the beach and whistled loudly.

"Now thats how you call your sisters!" She explained, and Ariadne swallowed nervously and waited for her sisters to arrive and judge her.

***************

As the men made their way towards the forest, Aeolus kept an eye out for any other survivors from the wreck, or anyone at all. He saw no one, and by the time they finally reached the forest, he was feeling a little discouraged. The men stepped into the wonderful shade of the outermost trees and suddenly Theron said that he could hear voices. He set off in the direction he thought they were coming from and the other two men followed him closely.

The three men soon burst into a clearing full of other men, walking among buildings and working in a few small fields. One of these men saw them and came over to greet them, looking ecstatic. 

"Hello! Welcome to the Apollo settlement!" The big man boomed loudly. He gestured to the symbols of the sun that were scattered every few feet at the edges of the clearing. 

"My name is Elpidios, and I am the leader of our group. There are multiple other groups around the Island, but Apollo must have thought you good men deserved to live within our settlement. What are your names my friends?" Elpidios spoke quickly and loudly, waving his hands around a lot. 

Aeolus introduced himself and his two companions and Elpidios shook each man's hand vigorously. 

Elpidios was eager to show them around and began gesturing at buildings when he was explaining them to the men.

"The sleeping quarters are in that long building over there, the building for food is the one next to it, our sports field is over there, and those are our crop fields." Elpidios explained, smiling widely at the new men. After he showed them around, they went and got food to eat as he answered all their questions. 

"Where are we?" Asked Iolas. 

"Last night they must have spotted you and decided to lure your boat in to crash on the rocks." Elpidios explained, looking grim.

"Who spotted us?" Theron asked, not sure he wanted to know the answer.

"The Sirens of course. This is the Island of the Sirens." Elpidios said unaffectedly.

The three men looked at each other with dismay. They were trapped on this island for the rest of their lives. 

"We were traveling with a Princess. She disappeared when I wasn't looking." Aeolus admitted, and Elpidios frowned.

"Then she is already a Siren. The moment she touched the sand. You will see her again soon if they cannot sink another ship for a week or so. But she can not leave or she will die. Sirens can swim out as far as the coral reef but past that they die quickly." Elpidios explained, as the three men looked at him despairingly.

"But it is good here! We are blessed with near paradise and beautiful women from time to time." Elpidios said. 

The men talked for only a short while more before it started to get darker in the forest, and Elpidios took them to find an area to sleep. Once they had somewhere safe, the three men fell asleep as soon as they laid down. 

***************

Ariadne was well received and well liked among her sisters. She had met each, and they all were very beautiful. Eleni had a ton of bright red bushy hair, and she was the "oldest" of the Sirens, having been there the longest. She had arrived at the age of 20, traveling with her husband that she disliked, when their captain rammed the boat into the reef and sank it. She was alone for almost a year before Philomela's boat sank as well. Eleni was short but sturdy, standing only taller than Lydia, the smallest. Eleni's color was obviously green, as she wore a green outfit similar to the one that they all five wore.

Philomela introduced herself next, standing only an inch shorter than Ariadne. She had come to the island after Eleni, and Ariadne noticed a wicked gleam in her deep gray eyes. Philomela had deep black hair that had a hint of a blue gleam under the sun. She had tied her hair up in a bun with a red tie that matched her red gauzy costume. 

Lydia was so short and tiny that Ariadne found it hard to believe that they were the same age when they arrived at the island. Lydia had a huge mane of light brown curls that just passed her shoulders in length but was huge in volume. She had purple gauze on, and smiled tenderly at Ariadne before wrapping her in a hug. Ariadne was embarrassed to realize that her nipples were stabbing Lydia in the face almost and blushed brightly. 

Suddenly the calm was broken as Zoee, being the tallest, spotted a large fancy ship near by. The older girls cheered, and told Ariadne to hang back and watch as they climbed to the top of their respective cave homes. They whistled, waved, giggled, and yelled, but nothing was working to get the ship crew's attention. 

Philomela sighed, and began to sing in a hauntingly beautiful voice, and the others soon joined her, finally catching the attention of the ship as it turned towards the reef. The ship came closer and closer until Ariadne could make out the faces of the men. They seemed to be in a trance, unmoving as they listened.

Until their boat hit the reef. Ariadne saw the whole ship shudder, and she heard the screams as men dove off the deck into the water, finally able to move again. She stood frozen to her spot as the ship started to sink. She knew she should be horrified, but as she watched the muscled men jump from the ship, she felt a stabbing feeling in her stomach, then wetness between her legs. Then the brand new Siren smiled.

*

If you liked my story, I am already writing Chapter Two, so vote and comment and I will try to post soon!