 Larya lay on her back, staring up into the little man's beautiful, twinkling eyes. She smiled vacantly, tilting her head to one side. It was hard to follow the twinklings, but she tried her very hardest. She knew it was important for some reason.

"You don't know why you left," the man purred, spinning the pretty silver ball in his hand. Her lips parted in wonder. "You're so glad we decided to let you back in."

"So glad," she whispered. "Thank you. Thank you so much."

"Oh, we'll let you thank us," he said, moving the sphere closer. "You're gonna thank us with your pretty whore mouth."

Larya rolled onto her belly and pushed herself up, breasts heaving with exhaustion and urgent need. She leaned in as the beautiful, handsome little man pulled out his long, beautiful cock.

She kissed it once. Twice. Then, unable to resist the compulsion any longer, she wrapped her pretty lips around the head and took it deep into her 'pretty whore mouth'.

Nearby, she saw Suki doing the same thing with another little blond man. Larya was filled with pure joy that she wouldn't be alone. They didn't even seem to have hypnotized her much—she was so eager to keep doing what she'd been trained to do that it seemed she had "sucky-suckied" two of the gorgeous fey off already. And swallowed. And come at least four times during.

Larya moaned as she bobbed her head up and down, hearing the goblin gasping with delight. His cock was starting to throb. "Ungh... we got her, we—oh, gods, we got her. Nnh. The glamor worked. Get us home. Get us ho-o-ome!"

Dimly, she recalled hearing something about the Murk—the goblins' home dimension—the last time she'd been with them. But then the goblin grabbed her head and forced her all the way on his cock and she couldn't think anymore. She didn't want to think. She was so happy in this haze, doing everything her masters told her, just sucking and letting them fuck her again and again and again until she passed out. What more could a bimbo want?

As his dick pulsated, she got ready to swallow his load. The world around them began to shimmer—

Thunk.

Larya felt the cock in her mouth shift slightly, and her eyes widened with clarity—and a realization.

She sprang away, spitting and gagging. "Oh, gods, no, no, you have to be shitting me—might as well be literally—"

The goblin fell to the ground, the glamor dispelled. The warty-faced, warty-penised little fey monster lay there, twitching, an arrow embedded in his grayish skull.

She looked up.

Snatch stood at the edge of the clearing.

The thief looked somewhat unsteady. Even unsure, like he wasn't certain this was where he should be. Nonetheless, he was already loading another arrow. I didn't even notice he had a bow, Larya thought vaguely. He looked down at her, raising an eyebrow. "I can't think of anything to say," he said sourly. "Ain't I supposed to say something 'cool' here? Goddammit. Just can't win today. But, uh, I think that guy," he gestured to the dead goblin, "is having a worse day then me. So. Ha."

"You're bad at this," Larya said.

"Hey. Larya. Shut up."

The goblins were staring in shock. A few of them exchanged looks. Their leader—well, their new leader—shoved Suki off his cock, snarling. "Son of a bitch."

"Oh, yeah, I figured seeing your real faces would break the spell pretty good," Snatch said. He raised the bow again. "Looks like I guessed right. Hooray for me."

He loosed the arrow, but the goblins were ready for him this time. The leader ducked, then leaped over the prone, masturbating Suki to rush the bounty hunter.

Snatch whipped out his scythe just fast enough to block the axe from splitting his skull. He swung wildly, and the goblin easily dodged.

"Suki," Larya whispered, crawling over to the prone kitsune as the other goblins ran past her to engage. "Suki, can you fight? I think I saw you with a sword."

"So horny," Suki moaned, eyes shut. "So horny."

"Suki—is that even your real name? Listen, you need to fight it."

"Unh... sucky-sucky... wetty-wetty..."

"Suki!" Suki's eyes opened wide. She stared up at Larya. Larya took this as a good sign. "Yes, Suki. Listen. I know it's hard, but—AAH!"

Suki had tackled Larya, pushed her down, and started licking around between her legs. Larya squirmed and writhed, but the fox girl's grip on her hips was iron. "Suki! No! No, no, no, don't—" Suki's tongue hovered over Larya's clit, and she looked up at Larya with a mischievous grin. "Suki. No. Suki. Don't."

"You horny?" Suki asked, giggling. "You wetty-wetty. Bimbo wetty-wetty."

Larya tried to ignore the little clenching of her cunt that still came with the word 'bimbo'. "No. I mean, um, yes, but—"

But that was all that mattered. The fey descended on Larya, lowering her practiced tongue into Larya's sensitive pussy and beginning to lick.

Larya struggled in vain, grabbing Suki by the head and trying to push her off. "No, Suki, don't—aaah—oh, gods, Suki, Suki, st—st—" She could feel her grip getting weaker. "St—ohhh..."

She wasn't fully aware of deliberately laying flat on her back, or letting go of Suki's head. It certainly hadn't been a conscious choice. Still, the fact remained that she was now lying quite still, having quite a lot of trouble remembering what she'd been trying to do.

Suki giggled wickedly as Larya began to submit. Larya, for her part, was feeling rather disinclined to keep thinking quite so hard about things. The hypnosis was still so strong, and this felt... sooooo good.

As she started to come, she heard a vibrant voice in her ear. "How's it going?"

"Oh... ugh.... aaah... peachy!" Larya gasped as Suki started rapidly flicking her tongue over her clit, almost causing another orgasm right there.

"Hee! You're really deep under, aren't ya?"

A tiny body settled on top of Larya's head.

"Na' m' fall," Larya slurred. "Cn't..." Lick lick flick lick slurp lick... "...fight..."

"That's where you're wrong, Larya." Another vibrating voice was whispering in her ear now. "We can tell. They can all tell. You're special."

Larya became very, very vaguely aware that the battle between Snatch and the goblins was coming to a head. Snatch's curses were getting fewer, as though he could no longer spare the breath on them.

"What... oh... whaddya mean?" Larya wiggled her hips, unconsciously encouraging Suki to take a firmer grip. To move in deeper.

"Uh, you probably shouldn't do that," the first voice said, sounding nervous. Larya giggled.

"It's the reason these fey are drawn to you, Larya," the other crooned. "The reason they can't get enough of you."

"'Cause I'm a dumb, sexy bimbo?" Larya bucked up into Suki's ministrations.

"Aw, geez. He's still got her, hasn't he?"

"Seriously, what's up with him and that word?" a third voice piped up.

"Girls," the second voice said, "focus."

The owner of that voice then flew into view, and Larya found herself staring up into two big, beautiful lavender eyes. They were compound, like those of an insect's, and each about the size of blueberries—quite disproportionate to the rest of her. They belonged to a tiny little hovering fairy with bronze skin, short black hair, and four pairs of quick-beating wings. She looked very, very familiar, especially when Larya focused on those pretty, pretty wings...

A bit of drool escaped Larya's mouth as she stared at them. She only noticed it when the fairy landed right on her chin, hands on her hips, and stopped flapping. "It's in you," she said. "Your passion for nature makes you unable to resist her..." Lick lick lick suck licklick. "But it also makes her unable to resist you. Look within, beyond the pleasure. Find its source."

"Uh..." These were a lot of big words for Larya to be piecing together while she was having her pussy eaten out this devoutly. She could feel another orgasm building, and instinctively knew that when it broke, she would be lost again.

She looked down, around the pretty fairy, and into Suki's blissful, vacant eyes.

She knew an equally vacant smile had to be forming on her as she contemplated. Would it be so bad? Being lost, being owned. It felt so... deliciously...

Wrong.

Larya stared into Suki's eyes—those dead, lusty eyes—

—and saw Suisshu.

It was like her mind had suddenly peeled open, was suddenly naked, shell-less, and something else had flowed in. She saw a kitsune, fiercely loyal but hungry for change, fighting a brutal battle to protect a young couple from a cackling demoness. She saw a kitsune, brave and canny, running through a maze of webbing as eight lute-playing women gave chase. She saw Suisshu, a woman bound and trapped, in danger of being lost forever to magics of lust.

A spirit of nature trapped in a cage.

What am I doing?

Her eyes felt curiously warm, and she was filled with sudden strength. She reached back and gripped something. It felt like a tree root. Not much, but it would have to do.

She ripped the tree root out of the ground like one might tug a sword from its hunk of rock and pointed it at Suisshu. Her eyes felt like burning embers in their sockets. "Bind," she whispered, in a voice that both was not her and was her in a way it had never been her before.

Suisshu looked up, blinking.

A mass of roots, vines and long tendrils of grass surged out of the earth, lifting Suisshu with them and carrying her high into the air. The kitsune squealed, struggling and finding the bonds much stronger than they looked. "Ooh! No! So horny! Me so—aah, please, please—"

Larya felt her fury growing as she looked up at the captive. She sprang up, the three fairies buzzing around her, and turned to the goblins.

Snatch was on the ground, cut up in several places and surrounded by the remaining four goblins. Their hideous leader was pointing a notched axe at the bounty hunter's throat, giving an ugly grin. "You made a big mistake, here."

"I know," Snatch muttered, looking more annoyed than anything else. "But that doesn't make your two buddies any less dead, does it?"

The goblin's eyes bulged. He gave a hoarse cry of rage, raising the axe above his head.

Why does he have to antagonize people like this?

Larya's anger, in contrast to the goblin's, was cool and collected as she pointed her staff of oak.

Suddenly, there was a tree branch in the goblin's skull.

The goblin jerked and twitched, going cross-eyed as he tried to look at the length of wood between his eyes. That branch had not been there before. It did not exactly belong there.

He fell. So did the axe.

"Shit!" Snatch rolled to the side as the axe came down where his arm had been.

"Sorry," Larya said. She looked at the remaining three. Her vision was tinted green. Her eyes felt like they were literally on fire, though the pain was strangely distant. Her voice vibrated like the distant rumble of the earthquake, like the thunder following the strike of thunder, filled with ancient and terrific power. Earthly power. "Do you want to try the silver ball again, or do you want to keep the balls you've got?"

The goblins exchanged a look.

They vanished.

"Yeah, okay," she grumbled. She walked over and helped Snatch up. "Are you alright?"

Snatch was a mess. There were several new cuts on his face, and his leather armor had several large cuts dripping blood. But he shrugged. "Yeah, I guess. We gonna catch Balabar?"

Larya looked back and up. The three fairies had gathered around Suisshu and seemed to be performing some kind of ritual.

As she and Snatch watched, it apparently concluded. The three fairies took on three bright, colorful glows. Suisshu's eyes widened as she hit one final orgasm, screaming with total bliss, and then...

The vines lowered her to the ground. The kitsune lay still there, shuddering.

Larya walked over. She bit her lip, unsure what to say.

Suisshu lay on her hands and knees for a moment.

She looked up at Larya, eyes narrowed. A long, curved sword appeared in her hand. She said something in her native tongue, then wiped a bit of... Larya... from her lips and said it again in the Western tongue for Snatch's and Larya's benefits.

"Wake from death and return to life. Let us go put a bastard in death where he belongs."

Snatch crossed his arms. "Well, I like her."

~~~~

Balabar trotted along the path. Sinthia trotted right behind him, lugging the bound Mier like a sack of potatoes.

"I think this has gone rather well," he said cheerfully. Mier was silent. She'd been silent ever since they'd left the clearing.

"Ooh, me too, Master!" Sinthia giggled. "Now I have you aaaall to myself." He felt her hand touch his stomach, then reach downwards towards his crotch.

He scowled at her. She shrank away, but he cupped her chin—eliciting a soft gasp. "I think your old will is starting to shine through, bimbo."

"Unh..." She closed her eyes, making no effort to pull away.

"Remember your vows, Sinthia," he cooed. "What do you want to do?"

"S-serve..." she moaned. "And suck, and pleasure, and... serve..."

"Good girl!" He released her and patted her head. "Such a good girl!"

"Oh..."

He smirked, turning back to the path and continuing to walk.

A few minutes later, he heard Sinthia clear her throat. "Um, Master?"

"Yes, my pet?" He turned to her, smiling indulgently.

Seeing his smile, Sinthia beamed. "We're being watched, Master!" She giggled.

Balabar's eyes narrowed. He looked around warily. Perhaps the goblins went back on their word. "Then flush them out, you silly slut."

Sinthia nodded. She closed her eyes.

CRASH.

All around them, both on and off the path, vines and branches lashed out. The vines viciously grabbed at all living things, putting some very startled birds to flight. Nothing was safe—save for Mier, Sinthia, and the wonderful Master, of course.

"Shit!" he heard Snatch cry.

Balabar blinked. "Oh, you've got to be joking me. Snatch?" The vines lifted higher and began carrying a struggling, swearing human towards them. "You're finally back from your little walk-around, are you?"

"Fuck off, Balabar. Get this shit off me." Now that Balabar was closer, Snatch looked pretty badly beaten. Perhaps his reckless 'walk-around' had cost him a little blood.

Well, it served him right for wandering off. Balabar smirked. "Well, of course. I just didn't know it was you, Snatch. Sinthia—"

"Master, um, there's more."

He turned to her, frowning. "What?"

She smiled vacantly. "I'll bring them over." She gave her head a little flick, then frowned. "Aw, they're trying to cut my nice vines. Dat's not vewy nice." She giggled, snapping her fingers. "We'll have to be extwa nice to dem to change deir wittle bwainses!"

Another form jolted up out of the brush and came sailing overhead. It was Suki, also bound by vines and slender branches. Balabar's teeth clenched, recognizing an ugly look in her eyes.

"Snatch, you broke my bimbo."

Suki said something that was probably very foul which Balabar did not understand. That made him angrier. He whirled on Snatch, suspended several feet across and above from him. "Snatch, what the hell are you playing at?"

"Um, Master?" Sinthia tapped his shoulder.

"Not now, bimbo," Balabar snapped. His cock gave a throb as he saw her chastened look, but he focused on Snatch. "Well?"

"'Well' what?" Snatch glared, still struggling pointlessly. "I don't fucking like you. Because you're a nasty fucker. Do I need more reason?"

"You never liked me, Snatch." Balabar raised an eyebrow, forcing his smirk back, even though he was completely livid on the inside. "Jealousy, or unresolved sexual tension, or a bit of both."

"Well," Snatch snarled, "I like you a hell of a lot less when you're raping people!" He raised his arms—or tried to, anyways. "I'm sick of this dragonshit. Sick of just standing by. It doesn't feel right. Alright? It's... stupid!"

Balabar blinked. "My—"

"Master?" Sinthia ventured again. "There was ano—"

"Not now!" Balabar said to her, glaring. "Go fuck yourself on a vine or something."

"Ooh! Okay!"

He turned back to Snatch and thought a moment, remembering what he'd been about to say. He chuckled. "My, you have a way with words." He tapped his chin, leaning close. "You know, I know you're resistant to mind control, but I could do it. I could. I could make Sinthia do it. Walk you through it. Second-degree hypnosis; how's that for humiliation?"

"I'll kill you," Snatch snarled. The thief swung impotently in Sinthia's vine prison.

"Well, not yet, I don't think." Balabar grinned. "But I think for now you're a bit too tired for—"

A brilliant blue blur appeared between him and Snatch, giving off a painfully radiant light. He and Snatch both cried out. Balabar stumbled back, clutching his eyes. "F-f-fuck!"

The voice of one of the fairies—who cared which one?—spoke. "Stay away from him."

"Hey, Lapis," he heard Snatch say. "You mind turning it down a bit?"

"Sorry. Fairies don't have much in the way of firepower."

Balabar rubbed his eyes furiously, feeling reflexive tears running down his cheeks. Can't see can't see can't see—

"Sinthia!" he hollered.

"Oh... uunnnn..."

"Sinthia, quit masturbating and kill that bitch!"

"Can't... oh... mm, yes...."

Balabar could feel his eyesight slowly returning. He stared through a haze at what could only be Sinthia. The green-haired beauty was lying against a tree. Vines and wet leaves were pleasuring her, covering her, making her almost invisible against the foliage.

"Don't you know better than to try nature control around a druid?" came a voice from right behind him.

Bimbo.

No, wait... He wracked his brains. Larya. Her name was Larya. He turned and saw her pointing a long wooden staff right at his face. It was almost touching the tip of his nose, in fact. Her eyes were narrowed to slits, chock-filled with murderous intent.

He swallowed. "Watch closely."

Larya's eyes widened. Her hands trembled.

Though still caught off-guard, Balabar couldn't resist a self-satisfied smile as Larya fell to the ground, wriggling and jiggling, moaning uncontrollably. She rubbed along her body in the wet leaves as the orgasm-without-end coursed through her entire consciousness, pushing out all thoughts but those pertaining to being a happy, horny bimbo.

He laughed. Loudly. "Did you really think I would be so foolish as to give a sexy little toy like you to those goblins without installing a few 'cheats'?"

"Oh, yeess yes yes, thank you, yes, mmm..."

"Triggers are easy." He grinned, filled with immense pride. The adrenaline rush was beginning to fade, and he was feeling quite pleased with himself. "I'm so glad you decided to come back to me. Thanks to you, I now have f—three mind-controlled sluts once again. And I bet you can't wait for me to punish you for being so naughty... and to thank me for making sure you'd come home."

"yes... yeeeeesss..."

"You didn't put a trigger on me."

Balabar turned to Suki, swinging away in the vines next to a glowering Snatch. "Well, no. Triggers are best used sparingly. I never gave you loyalty to any one master, you see. I just made you want to serve. A natural state. Very difficult to counter... though it seems that someone did make you forget."

"It seems risky."

"Not really. I was going to sell you as a very valuable whore—that means 'bimbo who make money', in case you don't know—" He winked at the captive Wild Easterner. "—so a trigger didn't make much sense. Besides, those hurt the willpower of the creator if you do them too often."
