 Chapter 8 -- A Time for Healing

"David... David, please... don't die..." Maddie whimpered, crying into her husband's chest as he lay on the ground.

"Calm yourself, Madeleine!" Nimue snapped. "I shall keep him stable. You just get that gate open."

"Gate? What gate?"

All of a sudden, Maddie's senses returned to her at hearing Nimue's order. Looking around, she saw that they were in an unfamiliar countryside, though she was uncertain where it might be. Ahead of them stood a large temple or monastery of some sort, blocked by an enormous set of doors.

"Nimue... where are we?" Maddie asked with unease.

"Japan," she replied, still focusing her attentions on Dave. "Okinawa, to be exact. This was the safest place I could think to bring him; this place is home to the most powerful healers in the world. Now, get that gate open!"

Wasting no time, Maddie rushed up to the doors and found a large bell. Taking hold of the rope holding the hammer, she pulled back and swung it into the bell's surface, unleashing a deep and resonant bong. She did so once more before dashing to the doors and banging furiously on them.

"Please, help us! My husband is dying!" Maddie screamed in desperation.

After a moment, the doors creaked open and revealed a young man dressed in a traditional Karate gi. He bowed and spoke a greeting in Japanese.

"Yōkoso. Watashi wa dōsureba anata o tasukete kureru no?"

Falling to her knees from exhaustion and hysteria, Maddie pleaded, "Please, help my husband..."

The young man was confused at first by the language barrier, but soon looked past Maddie and saw Dave lying on the ground. The wound on his back was obvious, as it still smoked a bit from the electrical discharge and the scent of burning flesh filled the surrounding air. At this, the young man understood and turned to call for his master.

"SENSEI!" he shouted.

A few seconds later, an older gentleman of about seventy came jogging out. He tall and somewhat rotund, yet he appeared to be a man of great strength as well. His weight was distributed as such that it would give him power in any confrontation, rather than holding him back. His clean-shaven face was soft and warm, and his silver hair projected an image of great wisdom and experience. After a brief exchange with the young man, he turned to examine Dave, but was first taken aback at the woman cradling him in her arms.

"Nimue?! Is that you?!" the man asked in shock.

"Hello, Sato," Nimue replied. "I apologize for arriving like this, but our time is short and this young man needs immediate healing."

"Of course," Sato replied with a slight bow. After another exchange with the young man, he continued, "This is my grandson, Riku. He will take the young man to our healing chambers. You may go with him, young lady," he said to Maddie. "Nimue, if you'll come with me to help with preparations."

Maddie looked uncertain at this prospect, but Nimue nodded to her. "Go with him. It will all be fine. These people are friends."

After a moment's hesitation, Maddie followed behind Riku. She managed to contain her surprise when the young man lifted Dave's body into the air with a levitation spell, revealing that he was also a sorcerer. Riku lead the way through the gates and across a courtyard to a small building on the other side. As they walked, he surprised Maddie once again by speaking to her.

"You are an English-speaker, yes?"

"Oh! Y-Yes, I am. I apologize, I did not realize you spoke my tongue," she replied.

"I do not," Riku grinned, "but this is a spell that allows one to become fluent in a foreign language in an instant."

"Incredible..."

"This man is your husband?"

"Yes. We were on our honeymoon when... when..."

"Don't worry," Riku assured her. "Sensei is a remarkable healer. He will restore your husband back to his old self. You'll see."

By that time, they had arrived in a small darkened room with a circular stone pedestal about ten feet in diameter in the middle. Riku floated Dave onto the pedestal with care, and Maddie took Dave's hand in the hopes it might help with whatever was about to happen. She now saw that the pedestal seemed to have tiny carvings all over it, appearing to be channels of some sort. A moment later, Nimue and Sato arrived, each with a large jar of water floating in front of them. They poured the water into two pools on either side of the room before taking their places at the pedestal, Nimue at Dave's feet and Sato at his head.

Maddie watched with baited breath as Nimue began to influence the two pools of water, causing them to flow down a pair of channels and up into the pedestal. The water soon filled each of the smaller carvings within the stone, dampening Dave's body from head to toe. At that point, Nimue held firm to keep the water flow at a consistent speed, allowing Sato to begin his work. Summoning his aura, he directed his energy into the water itself, which started to glow with an ethereal light. Soon, that light began to envelop Dave's body and the streams of water wrapped around him like vines. Sato then laid hands on Dave's forehead, slipping into a trance.

"He clings to life... but just barely," Sato said. "You arrived not a moment too soon."

"Please... save him," Maddie pleaded, tears streaming down her face.

Sato now gathered the glowing water into a concentrated cluster and focused on the wound on Dave's back. The light began to grow in intensity, blinding Riku and Maddie for a few moments. The last thing Maddie saw before having to look away was a column of light piercing Dave's chest. Soon the light vanished, allowing her to again gaze upon her husband. At that moment, Dave's eyes popped open and he sat straight up in a reflexive jerk.

"GAH! What? Wha..."

"Dave! Oh, you're alive!" Maddie cried, rushing forward to hug him.

"Maddie? What... oh, shit... my chest hurts..."

"You are fortunate that is all that hurts," Nimue giggled.

Now realizing that there were others around him, Dave asked, "Wait... Nimue? Is that you? How did you get here?" Seeing Sato and Riku, he continued, "For that matter... where exactly is here?"

"Easy, young man," Sato chimed in. "Your body is still in shock. You need to rest before anything else happens. Come, to the recovery room."

Sato and Riku helped Dave to his feet, walking him one step at a time to the next room and laying him down upon a simple yet comfortable-looking bed. Dave tried his best to move on his own, but his body was still weak and recovering from his near-death experience. Maddie sat next to him on the bed and pulled the sheets over him.

"It will be better if he rests alone," Sato said, placing a gentle hand on Maddie's shoulder.

"With respect, I'm not leaving my husband's side," Maddie replied with resolve.

Sato was about to protest, but one look at Nimue and Maddie told him it would be a futile effort. "Very well. When next he wakes, just ring the small bell at the door." Turning to Nimue, he continued, "My thanks for your assistance. The aid of a water nymph always makes healing far easier."

"It was my pleasure," she replied with a smile. "Dave is a good man; I would do anything to help him."

"I am glad to know this. Oh, I do not mean to be rude, but I fear that your, erm, radiant beauty may be a distraction to the students here."

Realizing Sato was referring to her nudity, Nimue replied, "Of course! I apologize; I often forget the customs of modesty in the mortal realm." With a wave of her hand, she was dressed in a silk kimono with an elegant waterfall pattern. "I believe this attire is acceptable in your culture, yes?"

"It is. Thank you," Sato said, following Nimue out of the room.

Though his body was tired, Dave's mind was still racing. "Maddie, seriously, what's going on here?"

"Hush, my love," Maddie cooed, spooning herself against Dave's back and wrapping her arms around him. "Sleep. When you wake, everything will be explained."

Much as he wanted to argue, Dave was powerless to do so. With Maddie's soft lips kissing his shoulder and her fingers running through his hair, he felt compelled to listen to her. After a few minutes, they were both sound asleep.

*****

"What the hell were you thinking, Iger?!"

"Mr. Secretary, if I may-"

"Shut up! I gave you explicit instructions not to engage them! Do you really have so little respect for my authority that you would disobey a direct order so willfully?"

"These are not normal circumstances, Mr. Secretary! I had no choice!"

"I don't want to hear it! You took an illegal and unconstitutional action against an American citizen, Iger! Worse, you did it on foreign sovereign soil! Now, I have British authorities asking me who sanctioned a mission like this one on their turf without first consulting with them! What would you like me to tell them?"

Sighing, Mark replied, "I do not regret my decision, but I am sorry for the trouble and headache it has caused you. I take responsibility for the fallout from this."

"Responsibility... that's hilarious. Even if your fears about David Brighton were correct, your actions today have driven him into hiding. Now, I've got to find a way to track him down and smooth things over."

"Smooth things over? What do you mean, Mr. Secretary?"

"Dr. Iger, by our estimates, David Brighton is an immensely powerful sorcerer, and I'd be willing to bet he has yet to reach his full potential. If he finds out that you're connected to a larger organization, he will likely view that entire entity as a threat to his safety, as well as to his wife. He may well decide to retaliate against us to make sure we don't come after him again, and I'm not so certain we would win that confrontation. We may have numbers, but I'd rather not find out. No, I need to find him and try to make peace with him. Maybe in doing this, I'll find out the whole story behind his wife."

"I understand. I'll do anything I can to assist."

"You've done enough. Go home. You're on mandatory vacation, and we'll be watching your home in Tennessee, so don't try anything cute."

Swallowing hard, Mark asked, "For how long?"

"I don't know. At least until I get this mess you've created sorted out. Dismissed."

As Mark left, grumbling about the greater good as he went, the Secretary sat in contemplative silence for quite some time, trying to figure the best way to resolve the situation. Much as he wanted to end Mark's career right out, he had to leave himself breathing room in the event Mark's suppositions about the Brightons proved correct. Still, he had this nagging feeling that he was missing something. Besides, there was also the issue of this mystery woman that came to their rescue against Mark. Who could she be? British authorities had seemed as confused as he was on the subject. Sighing, he placed a hand on his Channel.

"Steven? It's Ben. I've got a tough situation here. Yeah, that's right... I'm going to need the rest of the Security Council."

*****

By the time Dave woke up, it was ten o'clock the next morning. True to her word, Maddie had stayed right by his side the whole time, just happy to hold her husband in her arms. As he stirred, she slipped out of bed and rang the small bell as Sato had instructed. A few minutes later, Riku arrived with a tray of food for them. Now that the stress of yesterday had passed, Dave and Maddie could see that he was a rather compact and wiry young man, appearing about twenty years old. His black hair was buzzed short, but his serious face hid a more jovial disposition than one would expect from a serious student of karate.

"Good morning. I have your breakfast," he said. "Steamed rice and grilled fish. I'm sure that is not what you English are accustomed to for breakfast, but we find it quite fulfilling, as well as conducive to training."

"At this point, I'd eat chicken feed," Dave joked, earning a small laugh from Riku. "Thanks."

"My pleasure. Sensei will be here shortly; he'll explain everything to you. Dave, Maddie, good morning."

As soon as Riku left, Dave turned to his wife. "Ok, what the hell happened? The last thing I remember was hearing a voice whispering to me. 'Beware', that's what it said. The next thing I know, I wake up here with a major pain in my chest!"

"Oh, Dave, it's such a long story. It all began while you were kneeling down at the spot Merlin had been buried. All of a sudden, a bolt of lightning flew in and struck you in the back. I was distraught, as you can imagine, and turned to see where it had come from. To my surprise, I saw... Dr. Iger."

"Mark Iger?!" Dave exclaimed.

"Yes. He... he's a sorcerer, Dave."

Dave sat there in silence for a few seconds, trying to comprehend what Maddie was telling him. "That can't be. A sorcerer? Merlin said only those with genius-level intellect who could access the entirety of their brains could use sorcery! How the hell is Mark-fucking-Iger that brilliant?!"

"I don't know, Dave," Maddie said, trying to calm her husband. "I only know what I saw with my own eyes. I was confused at first, but he began talking about 'saving the world from your foolish actions' and that he had to eliminate both of us. It was then that he attacked me. I attempted to fight him off as best as I could, but... I panicked. I couldn't focus my mind like I had been able to in practice. I think it was the fact that you were dying that distracted me..."

"I'm sure you were brilliant," Dave reassured her.

"Anyway, he had beaten me and was about to strike the killing blow, but Nimue appeared at that moment and drove him off. That's when she brought us here."

Before Dave could inquire further, Sato and Nimue arrived through the door.

"Good morning, Dave. I trust you are feeling better?" Nimue asked.

"I am, thanks. Maddie was just filling me in on what happened yesterday."

"Of course. Come, we have more comfortable quarters to discuss these things in," Sato said.

Dave and Maddie followed the pair out of the building and into the courtyard of the monastery, where they were treated to a beautiful and serene greenspace. Several groups of youths and young adults were scattered throughout the area, practicing their martial arts. Some of the older ones sparred or worked with weapons such as staves and tonfa, while the younger students practiced their fundamentals, always under the watchful eye of an older student.

"Formal introductions. My name is Sato Yamamoto. This monastery serves as my own karate-do dojo," Sato said as they walked. "I have studied the way of karate ever since I was a little boy, and it brings me such joy and pleasure to enrich the lives of others. To pay it forward, as it were."

"Your home is so lovely," Maddie remarked with a smile.

"Thank you. In truth, the monks made this place beautiful long before I arrived, but my students still aid them with upkeep. Come, in here is a sitting room."

They followed Sato into the living quarters of the monastery and into a room off the main atrium. It was warmly decorated in earth tones and contained a few simple plants in the corners, creating a peaceful and calming atmosphere. A small rectangular table sat in the middle with cushions surrounding it. As Sato and Nimue took their seats at the head and foot of the table, Dave and Maddie filled the remaining two cushions.

"Dave, perhaps we should get the obvious questions out of the way first," said Nimue.

"What exactly happened to me yesterday? Maddie said I was attacked by Mark Iger, the preacher at my family's church, but that just sounds too unbelievable to be true."

"You were attacked, Dave," Nimue replied. "That man struck such a powerful blow that it managed to penetrate your passive aura defenses. In fact, those defenses were the only reason you weren't vaporized in an instant. Madeleine did the best she could to fight him off, but his experience won out, and I had no choice but to intervene. I would have finished him off, but we had to get you to safety. That is why I brought you here to Okinawa. Sato here is not only a master of karate, but also an incredible sorcerer, probably the best healer in the world. It is thanks to his efforts that you are as strong now as you ever were."

Turning to Sato, Dave said, "I'm in your debt, sir."

"No debt is owed," Sato chuckled, waving his hand. "Any friend to Nimue is a friend to me. I am happy to help."

"What exactly was the healing technique you used on Dave yesterday?" Maddie asked.

"Ah, yes. It is a special technique that takes advantage of the natural healing properties of water to combat even the most terrible of injuries. The first step is to envelop the patient's entire body in water, which gives me roughly the same information as a full-body CAT scan. From there, I concentrate the water around the areas that require the most healing, infusing the water with my aura to rebuild the cells of a person's organs and tissue mass at an accelerated rate. Of course, the technique is useless if the patient has already passed away, but at any point before that, I have yet to encounter an injury that I cannot heal."

"Wow... I guess that's what someone can do with a lifetime of experience practicing sorcery," Maddie mused.

"So, where do we go from here?" Dave wondered, his face turning serious. "It's clear that Iger targeted us for some reason, but why?"

"I don't know," Nimue replied, "but I surmise he is in some way connected to the greater body of sorcerers in America."

"Sorcerers? Plural?" Dave asked as his eyebrows shot up.

Nimue giggled. "Dave, did you really think sorcery died out over the last millennium? Today, I daresay it is more prevalent than ever, even if it is still practiced in secrecy. I do know that each country handles sorcery in its own way, but I am ignorant beyond that. As best as I can surmise, either he attacked you in a sanctioned strike or as a lone wolf. If the former, then you and Maddie are still in grave danger him, as well as his associates. But if the latter, it may be possible to handle things diplomatically, assuming you can contact the right sorcerer."

Maddie then said, "In regards to why we were attacked, I may have a thought. There is still much we do not know, but from the things he said during our skirmish, it is clear that Dr. Iger somehow knows, or at least suspects that I am not of this time period. How he discovered this is a mystery to me."

"So, if he knows you're not of our time, he may have jumped to some dangerous conclusions. Shit, that explains why he'd try to kill us," Dave surmised. Turning to Nimue, he asked, "Is it possible to contact whatever body governs American sorcery? I wonder if telling them the full story could smooth things over."

"It might, especially if I am there to corroborate your story. After all, I am the one who thrust you back in time to begin with, and against your will, no less. Still, they may not believe you, Dave. Are you prepared for that possibility?"

"I'll do whatever it takes to protect my wife."

Nodding in understanding, Nimue said, "Sato, if you'll make the call."

"I will contact the Americans. My new friends, you are welcome to stay here as long as you wish. You will be treated well here, and you may even find that our practice of karate-do can enhance your capabilities to new heights. If you wish to train with us, we would consider it a great honor."

*****

For the next few days, Dave and Maddie spent their time with Sato and his students, getting to know them and their ways. Dave did remember that they were still technically on their honeymoon, so he teleported back to their hotel in England to check out and collect their bags, bringing them back to Okinawa with him. As he began his studies of karate with Sato's students, he developed a good relationship with Riku. The young man was Sato's pride and joy, being both a highly advanced practitioner of karate and a powerful sorcerer.
