  Ch.1: Sarabian's Awakening

Shila was a world much like any other. It had vast oceans, flowing rivers, dark forests, mountain ranges, hot deserts and green valleys. Also like many other worlds, Shila was inhabited by many different species and life-forms, ranging from the tiniest bacteria invisible to the mortal eye, to the biggest of mammals that dwarf the average human. On the biggest continent on Shila was the Empire of Miasma. The people of Miasma, so called 'Miasmans', somewhat vain, considered their empire to be the centre of the world.

On the western tip of the empire of Miasma, lying a long ride from the Black Sea, sat the castle of Duke Hadrian, Ruler of the Western Ranges. Like all major castles or forts, there were many people living inside, Government officials, servants and nobles. Sarabian was the son of a maid, who had died of the plague a year before he was born, named 'Wailing Death' because of the horrible way in which it killed, causing the infected to scream endlessly in pain in their last hours. Sarabian grew up in the castle kitchen, a foster son to the castles main cook, Makra. He had an indifferent childhood, learning to serve food to the soldiers who came in after their shifts, watching the ovens and any number of other kitchen chores. He was a quiet child, and sometimes had a mean streak when people pushed him too far. He had no friends, and generally kept to himself on seventhday when he had the day off from kitchen work.

It was the day before the New Year festival, and the kitchen was working overtime to cook for all the visiting nobles from country estates for the festival. The New Years Festival was also the time in which the next generation of young men would be placed by the duke in a trade of his choosing. Sarabian would be counted 18 years old at the festival, so he would be among those apprenticed to a master. He had been working in the kitchen his whole life so he assumed he would be placed there officially by the duke, which meant he would actually learn to cook the food, instead of serve it. It did not excite him very much at all; in fact he was rather glum about it. The Masters of the local trades would meet with the duke the night before the festival and help him decide which of the young castle boys would apprentice with which master. Sarabian was making runs between the kitchen and the storage sheds, bringing all sorts of ingredients that Master Makra needed for the cooking. He was just coming through the kitchen door, when one of the kitchen cats ran between his legs and tripped him up. He landed flat on his face and the basket of potatoes went flying. Sarabian sat up, muttering to himself about the annoying kitchen cats, and began gathering up the potatoes again when Makra came over to him.

"Boy, watch where you are walking" Makra said to Sarabian in a dangerous tone.

"Sorry, Master Makra, one of the cats went between my feet" Sarabian excused himself meekly, lowering his eyes.

"Just be quick about your work, boy" Makra said, and he rushed back to his cooking.

Sarabian was used to people being angry with him, it seemed that nothing he did was ever good enough. He felt like he could never win.

The day of the festival dawned, and Sarabian awoke on his pallet in one of the kitchen storerooms feeling down and glum. He was not looking forward to the Apprenticing that would happen later that afternoon, after the midday meal. He passed the first half of the day doing his normal chores and then eating a light lunch of dried apples and bread in the kitchen. The time came when he had to head out to the main courtyard of the castle for the Apprenticing. He walked up through the castle feeling nervous, until he was in the courtyard with all the other boys of a like age. He was the last to arrive, so there was already a decent bunch of young men waiting, and the duke was on the balcony overlooking the courtyard with a few of his officials and advisers. Normally the duke would have to shout for the people gathered below to hear him properly, but his magician adviser, Borin, was employing his arts to magnify the dukes voice.

"All is ready; we shall now begin the Apprenticing" the dukes voice boomed over the gathering.

And so he started calling out names of the young men of the castle, and placed them with one of the trade masters. Sarabian waited for his name anxiously for what seemed like hours. Name after name was called until he suddenly realised that the last person next to him had just been called. He was the last person standing there. Everyone seemed to be holding their breath, and that moment seemed to last forever. Sarabian began to think he wasn't going to be placed with any master. His heart was beating wildly, his palms were sweating and his knees were shaking. Finally the duke called, 

"Sarabian, Master Borin will be your master."

Sarabian started breathing again, but he was stunned senseless. He didn't know what to do. A magician? He could never be a magician. He stood there motionless, until finally he realised everyone was filing back into the castle to assume their duties. Sarabian rushed back to the kitchen, thinking he would continue his kitchen duties until the next day at least. He was there when Master Borin appeared and called him over.

"Sarabian, you are now my apprentice." The magician said, "I imagine you have many questions, but I will try to explain most of what you need to know now, and then show you to your room. I have much to do today, so your studies will not begin until tomorrow. If you are wondering why you were chosen to be my apprentice, it is because I asked the duke. I sensed something in you and I feel that with the proper training you can be a master of the magicians' art. Our art is one that takes years to master, and training will not be neither easy nor pleasant, but believe me when I say it's worth it. Now come, you get your own room that adjoins my study. Follow me."

Stunned, Sarabian could only follow the black robed magician through the castle.

Over the next half year, Sarabian struggled mightily to master the art of magic. He was having some difficulty getting it to work, but he was a quick study in the theory and scrollwork of the magicians' art. He was getting very frustrated, failing to even make the smallest incantations work. Master Borin insisted that it would come in time, but Sarabian began to grow doubts. One morning, Master Borin awakened him earlier than usual and told him to get dressed and meet him in the study. Sarabian did so and sat in one of the chairs by the fireplace in the study. Master Borin asked him,

"Would you like to learn how to ride horses? Princess Gloriana enjoys riding to Sailor's Bluff for picnics and the duke wants to give her an escort since he's too busy to go with her."

Sarabian was flabbergasted. Why him? He would love to learn to ride horses, but he was definitely nervous about being alone with the princess. He had spoken to her a few times since becoming apprenticed to Borin, but only in passing. He, like every other young man in the castle, had a secret crush on the princess. She was a year older than Sarabian, extraordinarily beautiful, long luscious black hair, bright green eyes, and fair skin. She was slender, quite small, only standing about 5 feet 5 inches tall and moved with a certain studied grace. Still,

"Ok, I'd love to" he replied to his master.

"Splendid." Master Borin continued, "Go now to Horsemaster Saxon, he will take a few days to teach you, and then on sixthday you will escort the princess."

The next few days passed rapidly, with Sarabians riding lessons and studies. Finally came the day of the ride. Sarabian awoke with butterflies in his stomach. He really was very nervous about being alone with the princess. His dreams the night before had been very disturbing. He went out to the stables and saddled his mount, a black gelding by the name of Budgie, and also the princesses white palfrey. He waited a few minutes and then the princess came into the stables. She looked positively radiant, thought Sarabian, wearing her skin tight brown leather riding leggings, riding boots, loose cotton top and riding gloves. Sarabian couldn't help admiring her ass as she stalked past him to her horse to tie the food pack to it. She motioned him over, and said, 

"Boy, we will ride straight to Sailor's Bluff and I will eat there and watch the ocean for a while. You will care for the horses, and you may eat on the way back. Let's go."

Sarabian was a bit taken aback by her manner, and said

"My name is Sarabian"

She ignored him and mounted her horse. He hesitated for a moment then mounted his horse and they rode out of the castle gates. They didn't speak at all until they were nearing the edge of Edder Forest, which they had to ride through to get to Sailor's Bluff. Sarabian was looking at the princess admiringly until she said to him

"Keep your eyes where they belong" rather firmly. Sarabian blushed and looked away, but thought he saw a faint smile on her face as he did. They got through the forest uneventfully and eventually ended up at the Bluff. The princess dismounted and got the food pack from her horse, set up a blanket on the grass overlooking the Bluff, and said to Sarabian,

"There is a pond a short walk that way in the trees" she pointed, "go water the horses"

Sarabian led the horses to the indicated spot and let them drink for a bit while he sat and pondered the princess.

After a few minutes he tried to catch the horses to head back to the Bluff, but they kept avoiding his hands. Suddenly he heard a scream and an inhuman roar from a ways off. He froze, then realised it was the princess. He left the horses and bolted back to the Bluff. As he was nearing the edge of the trees, he slowed, trying to catch his breath. It was then that he saw a sight that froze him on the spot. The princess was lying on the grass, her top ripped open exposing her breasts, and her leggings in tatters by her side. She was shaking, staring at two large mountain trolls that were standing over her. Mountain trolls stand about 9 feet tall, they are very bulky, have dark brown skin, lots of hair, huge fangs jutting from their bottom jaw and short stumpy legs. Sarabian could not help but notice the huge cocks of the trolls, about 11 inches long, and 3 inches thick. He suddenly realised what they were going to do. One sat down and played with its cock while the other kneeled in between the princess's legs, picked her legs up and positioned its cock at her cunt. She let out a whimper and closed her eyes, tears streaming down her face. Sarabian was riveted, all sorts of things going through his mind. He knew he didn't stand a chance of driving the trolls off, and he suddenly realised that he was incredibly aroused by the sight. He watched. The trolls rubbed its cock on her cunt for a few seconds, then with one huge thrust, pistoned it's member all the way in to her small vagina with such force that it passed through her cervix and into her womb. She let out a pained grunt and then lost consciousness. The troll was thrusting into her with great force, grunting all the while. Sarabian was amazed at the sight, seeing the gorgeous princess getting violently raped by a troll. Her breasts were bouncing back and forth, her hips thumping on the troll's pelvis with every thrust. Sarabian couldn't help himself. He dropped his leggings and began masturbating. He was incredibly aroused, and his 6 inch cock was at full attention already. The first troll was still plunging its cock deep into the princess's cunt; he could even see her stomach filling when the trolls cock went into her womb. He was surprised that she could take that kind of abuse. The troll kept thrusting and grunting. It then turned her over easily, so she was face down with her head to the side, her ass up in the air with her legs pinned beneath her and continued thrusting into her from behind. The noise this inhuman fucking was making was loud and turned sarabian on even more. The troll was nearing its climax, speeding up and grunting even louder until it let out a big roar and shoved its cock as far in as it could and filled the princesses womb with its cum. Sarabian couldn't take any more and also came, moaning but trying to keep his noise under control. The troll pulled out of the princess's used cunt and let her go. Her body slumped down, cum dripping from her body and the second troll got up and picked her motionless body up. It sat down and held the princess's body in its powerful hands completely suspended in the air, and positioned her over its cock. Like the first troll, it plunged its cock in all the way with one bug thrust. But unlike the first troll, it was using its hands to thrust the princess's body up and down on his cock, instead of using its body to thrust into her. Sarabian was amazed, and his cock was immediately hard again. He continued masturbating while the second troll began fucking the princess earnestly. The troll was grunting and jerking the princess up and down on its cock with great speed and force, and after a few minutes it too was nearing its climax. Sarabian came, groaning in sheer pleasure, as the troll too roared and released its load of cum into the princess's cunt. It held her there for a few minutes then dropped her on the blanket, cum oozing from her cunt. The trolls seemed quite pleased with themselves and sat there admiring their handiwork, both started masturbating fiercely, staring down at the unconscious princess and then both of them came again, splattering the princess's almost naked body with troll cum, from her face, to her tits, stomach and legs.

The trolls were getting ready to leave, so Sarabian got ready to come out of the trees. He shifted position, stepped over a bush and onto a twig that snapped. He froze, looking over at the trolls to see if they heard it. They did. They both let out a huge bellow, and started lumbering over towards Sarabians hiding place. He didn't know what to do, and the trolls were bearing down on him. He would be killed for sure if he didn't do something. The trolls were no more than 50 paces away when his mind seemed to go blank, letters of fire seemed to burn across his eyes and a power seemed to come from within his very soul. A shock seemed to go through his body and he dropped to his knees. He looked up and the trolls were both on the ground writhing in pain, blood seeping from their very skin. Sarabian was stunned, did he do that? He carefully got up and walked over to them. They were barely moving now; their faces contorted in pain with blood everywhere. Finally they were both dead. He left them there and went over to the princess. The sight of her still aroused him, laying there with cum all over her and still seeping from her cunt. Her breasts were amazing, he thought, her whole body was perfect. He couldn't help himself; he kneeled down and explored her body with his hands. He felt her breasts, so smooth and soft under his hands. He turned her over and admired her naked ass, and the sight started to make him hard again. He took his chances and turned her over again, pulled his leggings down again and rammed his 6 inch cock into her cunt. The feeling was amazing. This was the first time he had ever had sex with anyone. Even though her cunt was full of troll cum, that seemed to make him even more aroused, and he started fucking her hard. All the while he was thrusting; he was roaming her body with his hands, kneading her breasts. He loved the way her breasts bounced and jiggled every time his hips hit hers. He was moaning in sheer ecstasy, speeding up his thrusts until after a few more minutes of intense fucking, he couldn't hold on anymore and he blew his load into the princess's already full cunt. He lay there breathless for a moment and then pulled out. He also admired the sight for a few minutes until he thought that he better cover her and himself before someone comes. He covered her with a spare picnic blanket from the food pack, cleaning as much of the cum as he could from her body, and went to search for the horses. He couldn't find them so he returned to find the princess about to wake up. She opened her eyes and immediately they filled with tears and she started crying. Sarabian tried to comfort her but she seemed to not know he was there. Eventually she stopped crying and Sarabian asked her,

"Can you walk? The horses are gone, and it will be dark soon"

"I think so" she replied in a hoarse voice.

She stood up, holding the blanket around her naked body, and Sarabian moved to her to let her use him for support as they walked back to the castle. The whole walk back, Sarabian was re-living his experience in his mind and knew he was going to enjoy his new-found powers if he could learn to control them. 

When they finally got within sight of the castle, a shout erupted and the duke and his advisers all came running up to see what happened. The princess told them that Sarabian had killed the trolls that attacked her, and henceforth, Sarabian was a hero to all the folks of the castle. Sarabian himself didn't think so; he had already begun planning what he was going to do when he developed his powers more. He smiled to himself. His future didn't seem too dark after all. Figuratively speaking, of course.