 Waves lapped at the hull of the cruise liner as it made its way sedately across the ocean. On the main deck, leaning against the rail, she stood; breathing in the fresh sea air with her hair blowing gently in the wind. Long, curly and brown it flowed down the back of a flowery sun-dress which outlined a very shapely feminine figure. 

"Good evening ma'am, may I get you anything?" Jason, part of the cruise staff, approached behind her, admiring his view. He quickly looked up as she turned around, and smiled politely. He himself was nothing special, but since he had started this job a few years back his ordinary frame had grown more toned from the lifting and running around below decks. 

"A glass of wine would be lovely, thank you" She replied courteously. Jason inclined his head, before turning back to the kitchens. He always liked talking to her. Of course his job had him making polite small talk with all the guests and getting to know them slightly, but he couldn't help noticing his tendency to spend much more time around her than with some of the other guests. Her name was Rachel; she was out on the ship with her aging mother and father, a present from them to her. 

She had this gracefulness about her, and a warm and pleasant personality which he found intoxicating. Also she so happened to be the most beautiful girl he'd ever laid eyes on. Jason briefly entertained the idea of asking her to dinner next shore-leave, but he dismissed this as fanciful thinking; neither would he be allowed to anyway by his boss nor would she likely want to spend time with a mere cruise ship attendant. As day turned to night the passengers made their way slowly back to their rooms, their cares and worries left far behind in the land they had sailed from.

Jason was below decks when he felt it. Or rather, didn't feel it. The boat had stopped moving. Not just in the direction they were headed but it had also stopped bobbing up and down on the waves. He climbed curiously up the metal stairway to the deck and, passing a colleague, he enquired,

"do you know what's going on?" Upon seeing his curiosity and concern mirrored in the man's face he continued up the stairs. It was dark, the waves like black ink stained the side of the ship. How is that possible? Have we hit a reef? Many passengers had not noticed anything was the matter, but a few had come up and now leaned over the railing, looking below, puzzled. 

A great crash shook through the ship. A couple of those unwary tourists who were leaning over the rails were sent overboard. Shouts and screams sounded from those on deck, calling for aid. Another shudder, and the liner started listing to the port side. Jason frantically scanned the sea beneath, looking for telltale signs of rock or even ice, but he could see nothing, only blackness. The screeching sound of metal tearing resonated through the floor as something smacked into the starboard side of the ship, piercing straight through the hull and ripping into the holds and engine rooms. The call to abandon ship came shortly after over loudspeakers all over the vessel.

People ran, screaming, to the emergency points while Jason and the other staff tried to calm them, telling them everything would be OK. He could see it in the eyes of the other sailors; nobody knew what was happening, or how much danger they were potentially all in. The first of the three larger lifeboats had been filled, it was being lowered off the port-side as the ship leaned precariously in that direction. The ship suddenly lurched, causing an immediate wail of panic from those on the life boat. Movement, in the corner of his eye, out at sea on the starboard side caused Jason to turn from fussing with frightened passengers. He strained his eyes and squinted hard against the dark horizon. What is that? He could barely make out a black tendril, making it's way slowly out of the sea, arcing into the sky and towards them. It was hard to make out its exact shape - at one point he even thought it was just a cloud or his imagination. Then with alarming speed the tip dove, like a hellbent kamikaze plane, and speared straight through the middle of the main deck, top down. Jason felt his heart jump into his mouth as it gaped open, in a voiceless scream. From the aft of the ship, where he stood, he felt the tremor as the ship recoiled from the impact. 

"Hurry! Run to the lifeboats! Run for your lives!"

There was no more ordered evacuation, there was just chaos. Jason tried to get a better look at the black tentacle, which had wrapped over the side of the ship and impaled itself through the centre, but streams of people kept bumping into him all of them fleeing as far away from it as possible. What is it?

"Sir! Please sir, oh my god please!" Jason turned quickly. Rachel's parents stood next to the second main lifeboat, next to a pack of scared tourists pushing each other and trying to jam on board.

"Sorry ma'am and sir but you need to leave, immediately, it's not safe" He tried to placate them with, seeing the distress written openly upon their faces. Tears streamed from their eyes as they shook their heads, shouting above the din, 

"It's Rachel! She's not here! I think she might be stuck in her room!" He looked back at them blankly for a moment. The amount of damage caused to the ship already could easily have trapped some people in their rooms with broken debris and water flooding in. Out of the side of his eye he saw the lifeboat. He wanted nothing more than to jump aboard, shove his head between his knees with his eyes shut and wait it out, relinquish all responsibility and just pray for safety. Gritting his teeth he clenched his fists, tore his gaze from the lifeboat, and sprinted towards the passengers' rooms. I can never just take the easy option can I?

As he shoved open the door and stepped through he gasped aloud. His foot had landed in ice-cold water. Taking a deep breath and pushing aside the paralyzing wave of fear which had suddenly seized his heart he dove, swimming with broad powerful strokes down into the corridor. Wistfully he remembered the previous week, turning up at her room following a request from Rachel for some new towels. Jason had stood awkwardly in the open doorway, arms outstretched with the fresh bundle as she stood partially concealed behind the door, wearing only a top, which revealed the glowing colour of her lightly tanned sleek and long legs, up to the thighs. She had taken the towels, winked at him, then closed the door. The memory had remained burned into his retinas for the remainder of that day and all of the next. 

Jason angled up, swimming across the ship but skyward, as the liner listed. He could see her room now. A large riveted metal beam had collapsed from the ceiling, or been torn through the hallway he did not know, and lay betwixt the door and the opposite wall, one end stuck on each, barring it from opening. The tiniest of bubbles escaped his mouth as he started to feel the strain of holding his breath. He could hear her banging and screaming through the door, and felt a small surge of confidence. The water level was rapidly rising but for now the hallway with her room was not submerged. Jason surfaced, spluttering a little for air, then wasted no time in clambering up. 

"Rachel can you hear me? Are you alright?" He shouted into the door. 

"Yes! Yes I'm fine! The door is stuck I can't get out!" She replied, panic edging into her voice. 

"I'm going to try and open it; stand away from the door, and get ready to hold your breath!" 

Jason turned back to the beam, and, placing both hands on it, he tried to shove it to the side, so that it would fall unstuck to the ground. It held fast. Strain showed on his face as he leaned into it, grunting slightly with effort. He felt the water reach his feet as the level rose. It slithered silently up his leg, whose muscles were taut with his exertion. As it reached his waist he yelled out, and the bar budged slightly, the sound of metal scraping across metal perforating through the echoes of distant screams and cries. He kept pushing, as the water reached his chest the bar edged more and more. The water crept over his mouth nose and sealed his precious airway shut. With a final effort the bar gave way completely, and the door fell open. He took Rachel's hand and pulled her out of her room. Together they dove into the water and he lead her out. Arms aching, chest already heaving with effort, barely containing that life sustaining oxygen, he swam, checking every now and then to make sure Rachel was behind him. Emergency lights had activated some time ago and bathed them in an eerie green glow from the walls. Jason could feel his vision clouding, red spots arising at the corners of his vision. Finally they rounded the corner, up the stairwell, and onto the deck. 

Gasping for breath they cheered and hugged out of pure relief, allowing themselves that brief moment of victory and adrenaline induced euphoria in amongst the panic and chaos which was splayed out on deck. 

"Where are my parents? Are they safe?" Rachel was quick to ask after they pulled apart. 

"They're on the second lifeboat, it will have been lowered into the water by now; we'll need to head to the last one. They're fine," Jason reassured. The third lifeboat was being filled, most of the passengers had already boarded it; only a handful were still queuing up. For a moment, Rachel slumped her shoulders and relaxed as they headed over, and started to feel safe again. Just then water erupted beneath the lifeboat, a cascade rising in a ring as another huge tentacle rocketed from the deep, tearing through the smaller boat and everybody in it, then slammed onto the deck, this time horizontally across it. Wood splintered beneath it as the already wounded deck gave in, metal snapping from it's weight. 

"Rachel! Take my hand!" As the ship split slowly in two, Jason grabbed onto the railing with his right hand, the left clutching onto a struggling Rachel, who was scrabbling at the deck as it tilted inwardly. Next to them, strapped to the side of a wall, was a dinghy designed for a small group of people to sit in. Jason hoisted himself up onto the rail, and reached down to help up Rachel. Climbing over he unhooked it from the wall, and it fell to the deck, sliding down to the sea. 

"You ready? We have to go, now!" Rachel nodded, face tight with exertion. This is a stupid, stupid idea. Jason smiled inwardly, winked at Rachel, then jumped.

Crashing into the freezing clutches of the ocean, Rachel fought to the surface, looking around frantically for Jason. He rose moments later, coughing up water. 

"Come on!" He encouraged, before swimming towards the dinghy which floated a few metres away. Rachel followed, slower; her tight jeans had saturated with water and were hard to swim in. Panic set in and she whimpered a little, arms flailing. She could feel her strength fading. She stopped swimming with technique, the fear causing her to flail violently, splashing and crashing on the ocean waves. Her head went under and she couldn't breathe. This it it. This is how I die. Her arms felt too heavy, her chest bursting. Desperation coursed through her mind. Then a strong arm submerged from above, reaching under her shoulder, and lifting her up. She broke the surface, choking on water, as Jason pulled her onto the dinghy. She lay there, for a moment, too shocked to move. Then she sat up, slowly, taking in her surroundings. Jason was already busy rowing with the small one bladed paddle that was strapped to the side of the dinghy before. In the distance she could see the two other lifeboats. They were heading towards them, but angling slightly towards a group of people treading water, more survivors who hadn't made it to the first two emergency vessels in time. 

She turned around. Dark pillars slowly slithered up and around the ship, which had now split in two. They encircled each piece, and started to drag them down into the depths. She only had a moment to cry aloud before being brought back to their current situation. The dinghy had started to sink back towards the ship, sucked in by the void of the liner. Then everything went crazy. The arms pulling down the ship suddenly accelerated, as if they had found their grip and remembered their strength. Just like that the ship disappeared beneath the surface, sucking their dinghy in dangerously close, and slightly submerging them, but then just before they were lost in its current, a giant spout of water exploded into the sky from where the ship had been, sending them flying, scattering all the swimming survivors, and lifeboats and the other few dinghies. Losing consciousness Rachel was barely aware of huge monster waves crashing over them time and time again and of Jason shouting, fighting against the sea itself to keep them afloat. Then everything went dark. 

The sun, its rays heating the bright orange dinghy, woke Rachel; its warmth sapped the moisture from her hair. Hesitantly she sat up, muscles complaining, and bare feet stinging from the hot rubber floor. She had discarded her shoes the previous night before swimming from her room. It felt like a lifetime ago, already. Jason was awake, fiddling with a compass with a concerned look on his face. He was topless, his wet shirt laid out on the wall of the dinghy. He was by no means ripped, but his abs were toned and his chest was broad and strong. She felt some colour go to her cheeks as she looked at him, and turned away. She wondered if he had even rested. It was strange, but the fear she felt when she woke faded a little when she looked round and saw he was still there, watching over her. He made her feel... Safe. Taking in her surroundings, as she twisted round and round, she had a horrible realisation. There were no other lifeboats, no other survivors, no land, nothing. Just water, as far as the eye could see. 

"Ah, good afternoon, did you have a nice sleep miss?" Jason remarked, humouring the tone he used to take on board the cruise ship when talking to a passenger. She flashed the makings of a smile, before returning to that state of hopeless silence. Looking at her, Jason felt this overwhelming urge to look after her. He knew then in a heartbeat he would do anything to keep her safe. It wasn't just his professional need to care for guests either, he pondered to himself. It was more than that. He took himself back to the situation. He needed to get her talking, keep her spirits up, and get her out of those wet clothes before she caught something. He coughed a little, awkwardly, then began,

"Ehhh I'm a little worried about you being in cold wet clothes. Tonight it'll get chilly and if you're wearing them you might catch pneumonia... I - I won't look if you're not wearing anything underneath, I'll just sort of stare out to sea over here. Ehh... Yeah." 

She decided to relieve his torment, 

"It's OK I'm wearing my swimsuit underneath still, luckily. I didn't have time to change out of my jeans last night when everything... Happened." She stripped off her top and her jeans, draping them on the side of the small boat. Jason was rewarded with a lovely view of Rachel twisting around in her seated position and contorting, wearing only her bright red bikini. Her tanned white skin seemed to glow underneath it, and he abruptly turned away before any obvious signs of his arousal surfaced. He started talking to keep his mind busy,

"Good news and bad news I guess: good news is these dinghies are packed full of emergency dry food, designed to get a small group of people through several weeks, so we should be fine. Also we have a Solar Still, which is used to convert salt water to drinking water, so no worries there too! Bad news is I have absolutely no idea where we are, or where everyone else is. There was a fierce storm last night after.... After that thing attacked... We've been blasted leagues away." Turning back to her, he asked,

"How are you, though, are you hurt?" She looked tired as she replied,

"I'm fine - just a little worn out." She moved to stand, and as she leant down and put weight on her right arm, she gave out a sudden yelp of pain, and fell to the floor. Jason rushed over, supporting her, and lifting her a little. He lightly examined her shoulder, noting the slight bruising. 

"I don't think it's broken, which is good, but don't put any strain on it anyway - then it should recover quickly," he said after moving it a little, seeing Rachel wince as he did.

"No tennis this afternoon," he continued sarcastically, and getting rewarded with that faint hint of a smile returning to her face. Jason grinned and strode to the back, fetching some food and drink for her. A thought occurred to Rachel,

"What's your name? I'm so sorry I just realised I never asked before."

"Jason. Jason Gordon, pleased to meet you," he said offering his hand, "and don't worry - really - I was just some unimportant guy working on your cruise ship," he joked. 

"Well you're certainly important now," she grinned back, shaking his hand, before a sudden awkward silence set in. 

"Oh - not that I meant - I mean that -" Her embarrassment was cut off by Jason as he chuckled, rubbed her non injured shoulder, and went back to check on the rations.

As the afternoon turned into evening they swapped stories and chatted. Jason noted her mood was still slightly sombre but it was far more positive than it had been that morning. She even laughed a couple of times. She told him about her family, living in Scotland; her parents had surprised her with this cruise as a present halfway through her university degree. She was 20, and had always wanted to go travelling around the world and see different countries and sights. She smiled fondly as she remembered her parents explaining to her,

"We know you've always wanted to go and experience the world, but we're a little old now to be running from place to place, so we've found a happy medium! Your father and I will sit on this nice boat whilst you go seeing the sights. And the best part is we'll still have family dinners in the evening." A small tear pooled in the corner of Rachel's left eye as she said this. Jason, sitting in front of her, moved beside her, putting his arm around her and letting her rest her head on his shoulder.

"Do you think they're OK, my parents?" She asked softly, barely a whisper.

"Well, they're on a nicer boat than us surrounded by crew from the ship, chances are they're already back on land," Jason said, giving her a slight friendly squeeze as he did. He then added, nodding to their wet clothes spread out around them,

"They've got a roof on their boat too."

They stayed like that as the sun set, its red glow casting a mood which starkly juxtaposed with the previous night's panic and dread. Jason sat behind her, his attention back on her injured shoulder, rubbing it gently with experienced hands, easing out the pain. 

They sat in silence for a while, being swept into the moment, when Rachel spoke up,

"I never said thank you." She turned to face him, Jason's hands stopping their work, his right falling to her waist and his left alighting lightly on the side of her injured arm. She continued, softly, 

"I owe you everything... You saved my life multiple times," then with a gentle smile and a short, empty, laugh added,

"And you're still saving me." She looked up into his eyes as she said this. In that moment all those feelings of him protecting her, standing over her, surfaced. Jason pulled her into his firm embrace, wordlessly, wrapping his arms around her, her C - cups pushed against his chest. He was definitely enjoying that feeling. 

"You don't owe me anything, I was just doing my job," he murmured into her ear. She smiled, her right hand trailing lazily down his back. 
