 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned. All characters are 18+

*

"Milady, the preparations are set," Selina notified her superior.

"Very well. These traditions get so tiring, Selina. Why must I prove myself the ruler when it's so clear?" The Queen drawled and stood with a yawn. Her robes strained around her incredible endowment, showing all her right to rule. Selina looked away out of respect, despite her own much lesser member reacting to the sight. Her majesty noticed the slight raise in the servant's lower body and smirked knowingly.

Mara, most commonly known as the Queen to others, walked towards her subject. She stopped in front of her and placed a hand on her shoulder.

"When I finish with this, you and two of your friends will await me in my chambers. If this one feels she can challenge me, then I fear I might have need to break in my new cock." Mara notified her servant, whose eyes widened as she nodded eagerly.

"Yes, Milady. It would my, uh, our honour. If... If I may, Milady, if I should pleasure you suitably, might I receive another inch?" Selina requested nervously. She bit her lip as she awaited her Queen's reaction. Mara chuckled huskily and leaned in to whisper the servant's ear.

"Perhaps. Should you exceed my expectations, I might grant more than an inch. I know you could surely use it," Mara teased and grabbed her subject's meagre pole through her dress. She squeezed it tight, smirking at the yelp Selina made.

"Oh yes, Milady. I will not fail you," she gushed. Her face had turned bright red from desire.

"And I will not fail you," Mara promised. She removed her robe and headed to the waiting maidens, all of whom carried her 'armour'. Though calling it such a thing was hardly suitable, given the flesh it revealed. Light, leather gauntlets and shin guards were tied around their respective parts, while a flattering chainmail brassiere covered her chest. A necklace was tied around her neck with a phallic pendant to complete her outfit. A cloak was draped on her shoulders to hide her body for later. No work needed be done to her hair as it remained immaculate.

Mara walked on bare feet out onto the balcony to be greeted by a roar of applause. She couldn't resist looking over the crowds standing around the arena, all of them with eyes only for her, all except one. The queen settled her gaze upon the sole figure standing in the centre of a granite stage, the rock stained by decades of repeating what was to come. Mara's lips opened to reveal her pristine teeth. She raised her hands into the air to quiet the eager crowds.

"Greetings, my loyal subjects!" Mara projected clearly to all around her with practiced ease, "Welcome to this years' Queen of the Cocks contest," the masses cheered excitedly, "And what a contest we will have. After so many years of being the victor, I feared I would never find a challenge. But lo and behold, I was wrong! Challenger, what is your name?" Mara called down to the lone figure.

"Avia!" They called back.

"Welcome, Avia! Please, wait a moment for me to come down to you. I always enjoy talking to those who might be even close to my equal," Mara dictated and began walking down the stairs. Her face broke into a jubilant smile as she approached the arena. The past few years had been such easy victories for her, that she had even considered demolishing the contest. Now a challenger had stepped forward that might actually threaten her rule.

"My apologies for the wait, Avia," Mara greeted her foe as she stepped into the light. Avia said nothing to her, instead choosing to step back and adopt a defensive stance, causing the queen to chuckle amusedly, "This is hardly a fight, dear. You do know the rules of this contest do you not?"

"No," Avia simply answered. Mara's eyes widened in surprise before comprehension dawned on her.

"Oh my, an outsider. That would explain the dark skin and your size. Well, Avia, this contest doesn't require any form of combat ability nor any knowledge of such arts. It is simple, we must make our opponent cum before we do. For instance, if you were to release your load now, I would be the victor. And with that, I keep my title for another year and commandeer half of your member's size. Understand?" Avia nodded and relaxed her stance, however her eyes remained cautious of the queen's moves.

"That will be easy," the outsider guffawed darkly. Her confidence was not misplaced, Mara noted. Avia was built much like the Amazons Mara had encountered some years ago. Her skin was a stark ebony compared to most of the onlooker's lightly tanned complexions, with toned muscles across her incredible form. Her abs in particular appeared carved from marble beneath her full breasts. Yet her most striking feature was none of these aspects.

That distinction belonged entirely to her cock. Avia's member hung atop a pair of impressive balls, its head falling between her knees which, given her daunting height, was rather impressive. Mara found herself glancing back and forth between her member and face. The ebony futa was quite a sight to behold even without her defining characteristics.

"Would you care to listen to an offer I wish to make?" Mara questioned with a tilt of her head. Avia frowned in confusion, as she wondered just what her foe had planned.

"Yes," the challenger nodded.

"Excellent. Now then, I am certain I will come out of this the victor, though I encourage you to try your best, Avia. After that, I would like to offer you a position in my castle, one as my personal servant. What is your answer?" Mara inquired.

"No," Avia answered instantly.

"And why not?"

"My people, that's why. We've talked enough, your majesty," Avia pointed out. Mara heaved a disappointed sigh and strode to the centre of the arena.

"If that is the case, then I shall change your mind," with that, Mara took hold of her cloak and threw it off to reveal her body in all its glory. Avia's eyes threatened to bulge from their sockets as her cock visibly throbbed at the sight presented to her. A harsh quiet fell over the crowd in reverence of what stood before them. Mara planted her hands on her wide hips and cocked them to the side, causing her balls and breasts to jiggle enticingly.

"Incredible," Avia breathed unbidden, her dark cheeks turning a murkier shade as she blushed. Many of the crowd were beginning to openly touch themselves, some even going as far as finding partners to sate one another. Though they could hardly be blamed when faced with their queen's benevolent beauty.

Mara disregarded her opponent to face her subjects with a flourish of her body. Her breasts swayed heavily in her bra, while her weighty prick and balls swung pendulously. Even flaccid, she could feel her uncircumcised head brushing against her calves. Her balls rested on her knees at the size of watermelons. Mara smiled broadly at those watching her before turning to her foe and giving her a seductive wink, while twisting her body to push out her vast derriere. Even with her back towards her, Avia could clearly see the swell of her opponent's breasts from beyond her arms.

Once she had finished igniting the crowd's libidos, Mara turned to face her enemy.

"What do you say, Avia? Still no to my offer?" She asked and pressed her breasts together, creating an abyssal cleavage. Avia's eyes naturally fell into the depths, her cock growing semi-erect as her lust built. Mara smirked knowingly and approached her foe once more, "Well?"

"No," Avia choked out, though it was no secret to any who heard her that the denial was hollow at best. The queen merely chuckled as she came to a stop not two feet away from her challenger. Neither said another word to one another, the silence spreading to the rest of the coliseum as they waited with baited breath. The sun soon rose to its grand peak above the stadium and a rose shouted:

"Begin!" Mara immediately slipped behind her opponent and trapped Avia's naked breasts in her hands. She dug her fingers into the impressive mounds, enjoying how they compressed under her ministrations.

"Very nice. Firm, but soft and just the right size too. Now what about the nipples," Mara wondered and pinched the twin peaks between her thumb and forefinger, earning a soft coo of barely restrained delight from her foe, "Hmm, pretty good. Perhaps I should see what your cock is like, hmm?" Avia jolted back to life and forced the queen away. The dark skinned challenger's face was tinted red and her nipples jutted out from her breasts excitedly.

"Sneaky," Avia noted breathlessly. Her breasts wanted nothing more than to be held by the queen, the feeling of her touch lingering on the large orbs. The muscled challenger could feel her cock hardening from between her legs. Precisely opposite to her was Mara, who stood composed and still wearing the same confident grin.

"In that case then, I'll be a little more audacious," Mara declared.

"What do you mean?" Avia questioned and adopted a fighting stance once more.

"Didn't I say that you don't need to do that?" Mara inquired and shrugged. She stepped forward, Avia tensed up cautiously, "Maybe you could use a massage?" Mara asked from behind the dark skinned beauty, before placing both of her hands on Avia's delectable rear. Avia yelped in shock and jumped away, but found the queen waiting for her, "I've won countless contests, and I don't just take their sizes, I take their combat abilities. I could have crushed you by now, Avia. What a shame too, I thought you would be a challenge."

"What are you..." Avia's words turned to a low mumble as pleasure rocketed through her body. Mara's curled her fingers between the dark beauty's legs, dipping the tips into her moist heat. Before the challenger could protest, Mara pressed three of her fingers inside as deep as they could and ran her pampered nails over her quarries drenched walls.

"Oh, someone's nice and wet. All the better for you to handle me, I suppose?" Mara teased and moved to press her cock closer, her length hardening to press against Avia's dripping snatch.

"N-no," Avia denied.

"Come now, don't be so stubborn," the queen snickered. She adjusted her hips slightly to angle her prick just right, pressing the head against her foe's eager quim. Avia yelped and tried to shy away from the contact, however the queen held tight, much tighter than her gently muscled form alluded.

"No," Avia groaned defiantly and struggled harder. Futile, Mara thought in amusement as she tilted her hips to thrust up into the outsider's pussy. She was soon met by an all too familiar barrier.

"A virgin? How rare," Mara observed in fascination, "And you're handling me so easily, remarkable."

"Stop it," Avia pleaded. She clenched her eyes shut and bit her lip. This wouldn't beat her, not with so much riding on this contest. She just had to hold out until the so called 'queen' came and Avia was crowned the winner, "I won't fail," she affirmed under her breath. Even as she vowed this to herself, Mara set about eliminating such a delusion. She gave a low chuckle and rammed herself past Avia's hymen. The dark skinned futa couldn't hold back a pained yelp as her inner walls were forced to spread wider than she thought possible.

Mara groaned in pleasure as her tip pressed against her challenger's cervix. Avia's walls clenched around her like a vice, trying in vain to remove the invader, rather they pleasured it. The queen leaned in close to her victim's ear, breathing hotly as her royal prick throbbed inside the challenger's moist canal. Once she was felt the walls loosen slightly around her, Mara began to pull back out. Avia released a barely stifled groan from the friction.

"Enjoying yourself?"

"N-n-no," Avia vehemently denied. She turned her head to glare at Mara, only to go wide-eyed. The queen was smiling like a child on Christmas morning, pure delight etched into every pore of her face and her eyes. There had never been any doubt as to whether she'd win, Avia realised and lowered her gaze. It was just as Mara had said; there was no one to challenge her. The queen felt the resistance fade and thrust back inside.

"There we go," she whispered into the dark beauty's ear, "I wish you were more of a challenge, but this will do. So tell me, Avia, how does it feel to have lost your purity?" Mara inquired as she began to lazily thrust her hips back and forth, effectively sawing little over nine inches of cock in and out of the defeated challenger's quim.

"I... it, it feels... great," Avia admitted. Her pussy felt like it was on fire with a human head inside of it, but at the same time she could hardly process the swarm of pleasure assaulting her mind and body. Blood pumped into her burgeoning erection, bringing it to her staggering full size. Mara reached down and took hold of it.

"My, my, I can't even fit my hands around it. Were I someone else, you would've won in an instant. Such a shame, but you'll still be quite large when I finish with you," Mara assured her victim as she began to increase her pace. Avia quickly found herself incapable of holding back her moans.

"So... so big," Avia mumbled in disbelief.

Mara chuckled in her ear, "And I'm not even hard yet," Avia's eyes looked down to her stomach, seeing a clear bulge coming from her lower abdomen.

"Oh," she stated, dumbfounded. Her monotone statement quickly became a stark cry of pleasure as Avia's cervix was penetrated and her womb invaded. The crowd cheered as they watched their queen sink inch after inch into the insolent challenger. Mara waved to her subjects while Avia tensed up with every millimetre of cock that further stretched her womb. With her victim no longer able to resist, or not willing to do so, Mara gave up the pretence of patience. She began to thrust rapidly, turning her hips into a blur.

In perfect sync, the crowd all roared in orgasm. Avia joined them moments later with a shrill cry of absolute ecstasy. Her cock sprayed with all the force of a gale, litres of semen arcing high into the air to land several feet away. The arena was soon splattered in thick pools of Avia's cum while her pussy gushed like a geyser around Mara's cock.

"What do you say to my offer now, Avia?" Mara inquired breathlessly. Her own orgasm was fast approaching. Her cock was hard as stone and as long as a pillar in her palace, as she drove it in to the hilt with every thrust of her hips. The dark skinned beauty could barely hear the queen's words, but she answered nonetheless.

"Yes," Avia hissed.

"Wise choice, my new servant," Mara growled and sped up her pace dramatically. Her cock throbbed powerfully as her balls churned with seed, each orb expanding to contain her encroaching climax, "My first order for you, Avia, is to bear my young. Our children will be perfect successors."

"Yes, yes, yes," Avia moaned and yelped and cried as another orgasm tore its way through her. Mara soon joined her as wave upon wave of cum rushed up her shaft. The outsider turned servant immediately felt it as the first spurt filled her womb to the brim, as with the second, the third, the fourth and so on. Her stomach expanded rapidly with each release. Avia's belly button soon popped out from the pressure as she grew to resemble a heavily pregnant woman. And Mara was far from done.

Once the crowd had settled and the queen's climax drew to a close, Avia outdid even the most pregnant women in the coliseum. Mara pulled from the now overfilled womb.

"Ah, that was wonderful," she decreed.

"Queen Mara wins once again!" At the declaration, Mara felt her body growing. The ground became lower, her breasts larger and her genitals truly enormous, as if to imply they weren't already.

"Selina, come and measure me while I'm still erect!" Mara ordered. Selina quickly came out with a measuring tape. After a few moments, she announced:

"5 feet of cock, your majesty, and your balls are 32 inches around. Your breasts are 15 inches from your torso. And you are now 6 feet 5 inches tall!" The crowd cheered joyously. Mara walked over to Avia and crouched in front of her swollen form.

"Hope you enjoy being my concubine, Avia."

-18 years later-

"Ah, again! Please, Princess Maria, give Mama your babies," Avia begged of her daughter as she was plundered from behind. Mara watched from across the room, smiling proudly at her child.

"Don't worry, Mama. I wouldn't dream of it, I know you loved carrying my sisters," Maria commented. The mocha-skinned princess sped up and wailed in orgasm, her seed flowing into her mother as if shot by a cannon. As Mara had expected, her children had inherited the best aspects of their parents. The beautiful skin tone, Mara's immense prick and breasts, Avia's height and build. They truly were worthy of succeeding the current queen.

"I look forward to when you take my place, Maria. But you'll need some practice before then, won't she, Avia?"

"Yes, your majesty. My people will be more than willing to help our child. I can't wait for her to take them like I was."

"Me too, Mama. I wanna see more people swell with my seed!" Maria cried as she swelled her mother.