 Author's Note: This is part of series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*****

Today's the day, I thought as I barrelled through my door. It was February 14th, Valentine's Day. My boyfriend was studying in Europe at the time, but he promised to send me the best chocolate he could buy. Now, to some this would be a nice gift, not great, but nice. For me, who's a huge choco-holic, it's as good as going to a Michelin Star restaurant. And, with my day at college over, I was more than eager to sink my teeth into it.

The package laid on the floor of my dorm room. My roommate had brought it up at my request. She didn't mind, if anything she was all too eager to do as I asked. I couldn't help teasing her for her submissive tendencies, though she would deny it with a fierce blush on her cheeks. Thinking about it, she was pretty cute actually. Was it cheating when you're with someone of the same sex?

Not that I cared to think of that at the moment. The chocolate was in my grasp, a single bar wrapped in a plain, purple wrapper with all the typical slogans and list of ingredients and so on. I wasn't one to care for that. Granted, I probably should, since my figure is a little, uh, curvier than I'd like. I'm not huge or anything, but my stomach is pretty chubby. My waist isn't too thick, just a bit of a gut. As such, I do have pretty nice hips and my boobs have managed to reap some reward. 38F by the way. 

But I know I'm chubby in all the right ways. My boyfriend loves it, says I'm better than the world's cuddliest teddy bear. Well, he's supposed to say that if he wants in my panties, but my roomy agrees when we hug. So yeah, I'm a bit overweight, but I'm happy enough with it. And this was Valentine's Day, a time when I have every right to enjoy something so decadent.

With nary a care for the calories, I unwrapped the bar and took a huge bite from it. Oh my god! It was perfect. Rich and creamy, but mild as well, in such a way that I could happily eat and eat without feeling sick. And eat I did. Mere minutes later, I heaved a satisfied sigh as I licked the residual chocolate from my fingers. I would have to make it up to him when he gets home, I thought as I threw the packaging away.

Laying on my bed, I absentmindedly went through my twitter feed. I was going out later on, but that wasn't for another couple of hours, so I had time to kill. As I laid there, my stomach grumbled at me.

"Maybe I should've paced myself." I muttered aloud, but knew I didn't really regret it. Trust me, if you loved chocolate like I do, you'd understand. I found a video on YouTube that caught my attention and promptly settled in to watch it. My attention was firmly planted on my phone's screen, as such I didn't really notice how my shirt began to feel tight. It was a loose, short sleeved one, plain white and casual for when I planned on just lying about.

I rested my hands and phone on my chest. It was a comfortable position for me, and I won't deny that when it vibrated I enjoyed the sensations. At this stage, I should've realised that I had suddenly gained an extra inch to my bust, but I really was enjoying the video. It wasn't until I was forced to tilt my head up, that I realised something was wrong. I sat up and felt a very distinct weight on my chest.

"What the hell?" As if in response, my breasts jiggled. I wasn't wearing a bra, having removed it almost immediately after walking inside. They were undoubtedly bigger. At least three cup sizes by my estimate. I cups, really? That's insane. But... I could deal. I mean, I was freaked out by it, but it's not like they were ridiculously huge. And I'm pretty sure someone out there had gone through the same kind of freak growth spurt.

Unable to help myself, I decided to get a better view of them. I pulled my shirt off, phone discarded, and gasped as my boobs bounced back onto my chest. Damn, they were heavy, but I had a pretty strong back.

"Wow." It was a fitting enough word. They were huge, like soccer balls on my chest. With some trepidation, I hefted them in my hands. Soft as marshmallows. I sighed under my breath. They felt really good to my surprise. Most women complain that their breasts lose sensitivity when they're too big, but I must've been born lucky or something, since they felt even better than before. I checked the time, a little over an hour before my roommate came back. More than enough time.

I stripped off and locked the door. Nudity was pretty nice for me, freeing, and I could admire my new breasts. Wow, they were nice. I feel like I could play with them all day. In fact, why not? My pussy wouldn't mind, I'm sure. I sat on my bed, legs spread and hands on my tits. A moan rose from my throat, as the beginnings of a warmth built in my lower region.

"Mmm, that's good." I sighed as I ran my fingers over my nipples. They were getting hard now, proportionately bigger than before. I let my eyes close to enjoy the pleasure as I groped my chest. Wish I hadn't though considering what was to come. My fingers played and dug into my breasts, sending waves of sensation through me. Better than I ever remember, better than when I was at my horniest and fingering my pussy. Trust me, that's saying something.

The harder I squeezed and groped, the more pleasure I felt. It was almost as if they were getting bigger, giving me more sensitive flesh to play with. And why did it feel that way, I later wandered. Well, that's because they were getting bigger. About a 10th of an inch was added every time I squeezed, not that I realised. To give a better idea as to how deep I was into my own pleasure, I didn't hear the door unlock or open.

"Oh shit!" Came the shocked gasp of my roommate. My eyes shot open and a fierce blush spread across my face.

"Sorry, sorry." I said, quickly grabbing my covers and pulling them up. Frantic, I didn't notice just how massive my breasts had become.

"No, no, um... should've knocked I guess." She said. Carley, my roommate, was a cute girl as I said, and that trait passed over to her personality. She was so easily flustered.

"Nah, it's my fault. I thought you'd be home later."

"It's both our faults, alright?"

"Sure." I agreed and let the covers fall down. Yet again, Carley gasped in shock.

"Kate," Me, by the way, "What the hell happened to your tits?" It was the most direct question I've heard from her.

"Huh? Oh uh, random growth... spurt." I finished, looking down at myself. They were enormous. Not huge like before, but enormous. If I had to guess, I had put on another three cups. An L cup now. Who the hell ever heard of someone with that size?

"Yeah, right. What happened?"

"I dunno. Honest."

"Kate, boobs don't just grow like that."

"Well, I mean... I did get some chocolate from Europe today." I offered and shrugged. The movement caused my chest to bounce and jiggle, sending a new wave of pleasure through me. Thankfully, I don't think it showed.

"Uh huh." She said disbelieving. We debated back and forth about why this might be happening, before we decided it was impossible. And we had a party to get to.

"You're really still going to wear that?" Carley asked. I looked at her with a blank expression.

"Why not? It's cute, right?"

"Yeah, when you still fit into your bras." She replied. To be fair, she did have a point. I was wearing a nice dress I'd gotten a while ago. Yesterday, it had fit me just right and showed off my womanlier charms, while remaining fairly classy. But now it seemed more fitting for an escort to wear. My breasts, now an M cup to our shock when we measured them, were constricted by the outfit in such a way that they created an abyssal cleavage. I'm not even joking; I won't even put my phone in there for fear of losing it forever.

"Well, I don't have anything else nice to wear, so it'll have to do." I decided and made an extravagant gesture, "Now, Carley, onward to the party!" She rolled her eyes at me.

"Yes, my liege." She groaned and we were off. Now, I really should've been worried, hysterical even over what's happening, but I never had a serious personality. Plus, who's gonna complain about their boobs growing huge? Granted, I was concerned about one thing; I didn't have any bras, so a bit of a chill or stray sexy thought and everyone would see my nips for a mile away. But hey, they'd have to draw their eyes away from my cleavage.

Anyway, we got to the party quickly enough. And it stopped. Because of me... Well, because of my boobs. Literally every pair of eyes fell on my bust, even the women's. Immediately following this, I discovered that I might very well be an exhibitionist. I smirked at everybody.

"What?" The moment I spoke; the party went back into full swing. I could still feel people's eyes on me though. 

"Well, there goes my chances at getting laid." Carley said, giving me a playful scowl. I shrugged.

"Don't worry, I'm sure I can get someone to say yes to you." She rolled her eyes again.

The party went on and I quickly became the centre of attention. Every guy, and more than a few girls couldn't get enough of my tits. Damn, I had to admit the attention was nice. Even if it was because I had a giant rack. The place was heating up a bit too, in more ways than one. You couldn't walk two feet without seeing a couple making out. The constant eye candy and attention were definitely taking their toll on me as well.

I could feel myself getting aroused. My pussy was growing wetter by the minute and I could feel a heat building in my chest, one that I was worried by. Not to mention the fact that my bust felt heavier than before. Was I growing even bigger already? Just what the hell was up with today?

I eventually retired to a bathroom to study myself. Yep, I thought as I looked down at my tits, definitely bigger. As I stared, I couldn't help but admire them. 13 inches of nothing but tit flesh, going on 14 now. Unable to resist, I raised my hands and picked up where I left off in my dorm room. Oh that was nice, like, really nice. I couldn't hope to grab the entire things, their size spilling between my fingers. I moaned low as my juices began to run freely.

And then I stopped. There was something wet on my breasts, sticky too. Frowning, I brought a hand, reluctantly, to my face. Coating my fingers was a layer of white, thick and creamy, but distinctly liquid. Curious, I sniffed at it and then licked some up. It was milk. I was making milk. Ho... ly... shit. Then, right at that moment, Carley walked in. I seriously forgot to lock the door.

"Hi, um... it's not, uh... yeah, it's what it looks like." I said guiltily. But she didn't seem to care, in fact, she was pretty unsteady. She hiccupped and giggled at me.

"Were you *hic* being naughty?" She asked, speech slurred. I could smell the booze on her. Great, she just had to be drunk right now. It was my turn to roll my eyes at her.

"Drunk already?"

"So? You're the one bein' naughty."

"Well, maybe if I had some help I wouldn't have to be." I said without thinking. The words seemed to get through though.

"You're really hot, you know? Like *hic* like I would turn gay for *hic* you." She said, looking at me with pouting lips.

"Aw, that's... sweet, I guess. Anyway, uh, forget what I said and let's go."

"Nah ah. You said you wanted help so *hic* I'm gonna help." She insisted. I knew Carley when she was hammered, she made a mule seem like running water.

"Fine," I sighed, "Come over and suck on my tits." Moments later and she was doing just that. I never thought it could feel so good. My boyfriend would do this with me pretty often, but it never felt like this. I didn't care how or why I was so sensitive, only that I was. Carley, in her drunken state, didn't question that I was making milk and simply gulped it down happily. Maybe she thought it was more booze?

"Not, ah, not so, so hard." I moaned, as my pussy drooled onto the toilet seat. In response, she nipped my bud and sucked harder, while her fingers pinched my free nipple. I was getting close. I could feel the knot in my gut tightening. Deciding to help myself along, I moved a hand between my legs and began to finger my dripping snatch. Strangely enough, it only felt about as good as my tits did. Not that it stopped me.

"Gonna... gonna cum." I gasped as my fingers sped in and out of me. Her suction intensified and I saw the world swim around me. I clamped a hand over my mouth to stifle my orgasmic scream as my juices puddled on the seat and my milk gushed into Carley's waiting mouth. When it ended, I panted and smirked happily, "Hmm, that was great." I said and brought my head down to look at Carley, who still lazily suckled on my tit. My eyes immediately went wide.

My breasts had been mountains before. But now, now they might as well have been small moons on my chest. I must've raced past the alphabet by now. So what did that make me? Something like a 38ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ? They were so big that they spilled over my thighs where they rested. I could tell that trying to walk, or even crawl for that matter, would be a living nightmare with these things. Finally, the horror of it all came over me and I was about to try and get Carley to help, when she sucked hard. Still sensitive from the previous orgasm, I immediately came again.

This time, milk jetted from my tits like they were fired from water cannons. The entire bathroom was soon drenched and Carley was forced to pull away as she was doused. Before my pleasure hazed eyes, my breasts began to shrink back down as they emptied. Oh god, I realised, that means I'll have to milk them whenever they get too big. Well, at least I could get them to shrink. Always look on the bright side of life, right?

When they had returned to their earlier I cup status, my flood of milk came to an end.

"Finally." I gasped, exasperated. The entire floor was covered in an inch-deep layer of milk by this point. Granted it was a small room, but still. Carley had passed out, though she had a hint of a smile on her milk covered lips. She looked really cute like that. Deciding to let her sleep her drunkenness off, I readjusted my dress and exited the room. Thankfully, the party had mostly moved to the bedrooms of the frat house.

-3 months later-

Well, I still don't know what happened to my breasts. But I at least understood it better now. They only grow when I'm horny and wouldn't shrink until I had an orgasm entirely from my tits, even then they made a huge mess no matter what. My and Carley's room was basically saturated with milk, not that she seemed to mind it. She even said it was the best milk she'd ever tasted in her life. We didn't have to buy it now at least.

We'd been experiment a lot lately. Not just with how my breasts worked, but also with each other. Turns out I was certifiably bi-sexual, and she was a closet lesbian. We slept in the same bed, with her head on my boobs. She always got a good night sleep now, a rarity for college going teens such as us. Anyway, we decided to see how big I could get one day. We did it in the bathtub, which eventually overflowed with my breasts. It took forever to clean up afterwards.

Basically, it seems like there's no limit to how big I can grow. And it doesn't seem like it's gonna wear off any time soon. So I decided to make the best of it. I sent pics to my boyfriend frequently, even giving him a slideshow of my growth as it happened. He approved - what guy wouldn't? - and promised to show his admiration when he came home, which would be for my birthday next month. He also said he had a surprise for me, but wouldn't divulge anything else.

And so, I'm now a girl with giant tits that grow. I'm in a ménage et trois while going through college and still finding time to go out and have fun. I'm also well on my way to be a B+ average for the year. Life's looking good for me. Though I still want to know what my surprise is.

"Maybe he found a way to make his dick like your tits?" Carley said offhandedly one night. I couldn't get the thought out of my head and slept with a massive grin. My birthday was going to be awesome.