 The sailor's eyes fluttered open and he found his senses assaulted by a cacophony of sex sounds. His momentary disorientation was chased away by the hedonistic scenes about him; he was inside a wooden hut, his body surrounded by a circle of approximately 10 women, he lost count of exactly how many formed the daisy chain because it was difficult to separate one entangled body from another. 

No matter if they were on their backs nor their knees, each sex crazed seaside fae pleasured another's gash, sensually lapping at such sensitive spaces with her quim cum hungry tongue. The sounds of kissing and licking and sucking, wet and slippery and intoxicating, were occasionally drowned out by delirious moans and whimpers.

Despite hours of sleep, the sailor's body ached, no doubt from the exertions of his wild sex session with the two mermaids; the raven-haired Queen and her dissolute blonde lover. The sexual abandon of that romp wowed and startled him, but even that threesome could not prepare him for the scene that surrounded him now.

There was one woman standing in the hut; his Queen. The brunette's heavy breasts were rapidly rising and falling as her hands slowly strayed between her legs to part twisting hair and stroke her hot wet hole.

The Queen caught his eyes as they darted about wildly, seeking to take in the lurid sights of this sapphic paradise. She gave off a light, joyous, musical laugh as she spied the height of his aroused stalk.

The sailor felt that he must have awoken hard and he sensed more boiling blood surging to his throbbing dirk. He sought to lift an arm, to bring his hand to stroking his aroused member, when he found his limbs were tied with some fibrous material.

He was trapped. He was their prisoner.

The sailor felt a mad, fearful panic rising in his chest as he tested each hand and foot; all were tightly bound. He was unable to move! He swivelled his head about frantically, seeking some way free when his eyes widened even more as they came upon...

His swollen cock. He could feel that its hardness surpassed any arousal he had known before; even greater than the nirvana that came with fucking his Queen and her blonde sapphic servant. His divider was more rigid than ever, but it's bulging sight was gone from his eyes.

Instead, as he stared with horror between his spread but prone legs, he saw some giant, long, sticky green mass; his tosser was covered, smothered in some sort of awful paste! Not a spot of his sex flesh was visible and, as his sensitive skin burned, he sensed that the oozing mass covered his hairy bawbles too.

The vile stench of the goo burned his nostrils, chasing away the many-layered pussy musk that filled the room and he fought a sudden urge to gag.

Ice cold, Hell hot fear stabbed at his heart as a panicked sweat broke across his brow and into dark, matted hair. What terror had they inflicted upon his straining eight inches? First they had dipped his cock in the Queen's heaven. Now? What had these fae witches done to his manhood?

The sailor fought to dampen the surges of pain that consumed his rise as he dared another, dread-filled glance at his stinging long schlong. He saw it was still hidden by that paste, but that the substance was now dried hard and it's colour was muted. However, his pain was even greater.

As horrific as the agony was, his eyes grew wider in fear as one of the mermaids approached. Like the others, she was now upon her feet. Yet, she seemed more senior to her sisters, such was the intricacy of her long, glinting braids, which were woven with trinkets, shells, stones and feathers. This new siren had freckled skin and her auburn hair held a touch of copper. The girl's youthful eyes were a verdant green and her pert breasts were crowned with wide dark areolas and cute-as-a-button nipples. This girl's musculature was tight and she wore twisting shell necklaces and bracelets.

Most concerning of all, this new delectable creature carried in her hands what seemed to be some sort of blade! The tool, or weapon, was not fashioned of metal, but some highly polished stone, and its edge seemed wicked enough.

The blade wielding wilder approached the sailor with her knife and, as the other gathered sirens began to chant, she wielded her weapon! In a series of fluid, graceful movements, the sea girl slashed his bonds and then reversed her stroke to strike a blow against his covered manhood!

The sailor gave off a cry, a shriek of deep horror, and brought shuddering hands to cover his eyes as the knife struck his sheathed cock! But, instead of experiencing horrific pain, he heard a loud cracking sound and watched with astonished eyes as the green substance shattered and fell away into dust.

A wanton cry skittered its way from mermaid to mermaid as eyes widened and then, shocked gasps came from about the room; the sailor's voice joined with the faes' crescendo. The blade had shattered the foul substance to reveal the sluts' wished for arcane prize: his erection was now even larger! By some siren sorcery, his swelling stretcher was now grown by more than an inch! His new horn strained to over nine inches in its length and its girth was fuller too! 

So aroused was the sailor, either due to the properties of the goo or the sapphic scenes that had played out before him, that globules of dribbling pre-cum slicked their way down his lancing shaft; their glossy lines glistening over long, twisting tracks of purple, throbbing veins and trailing down to his bushy dark pubes. His thickened glans pushed just past his taut foreskin, its eye round and open and drooling clear carnal ooze.

The Queen strode among her young female lovers, lustfully caressing the heaving bosoms of favoured girls as she passed. She never once took her hungry eyes from the sailor's enlarged, giant stander. Her fevered gaze made her intent clear; she wanted his boosted inches inside her horny holes, and she wanted that now.

Her voice boomed through the hut and she waved an imperious, dismissive gesture with her hands. The naked teen mermaids walked slowly, dragging their feet, and, as they left the hut, many dared a sideways, yearning, lusting glance at the sailor's huge poker.

The Queen came upon him, she was on her hands and knees now that her obedient lovers had exited the hut. The mermaid crawled across the floor as some predator, hunting his distended member and it's dreamed of shots of boiling cum.

She crawled between his trembling legs, her eyes dancing upon the length of his pulsing plug-tail. Her breath was hot on his ramrod and then he felt the heaving warmth of her full breasts brush along his tosser, teasing greater ecstasy to come.

The Queen caught his gaze with her smouldering, ocean green eyes; her look danced with his as she crawled just a little more forward and raised herself onto her knees, lifting her hips, so as to slide her slicked musk down onto his giant sconce.

Both the Queen and the sailor gasped as she brought the slippery lips of her charms upon his stiff stallion. Their eyes, both blazing with fires of lust, connected as she slowly dropped her pelvis. 

The Queen cried out as the massive length and girth of the sailor's piss-proud entered her, stretching her pussy hole open. So large was his pike staff's head, it spread the Queen's full lips wide as his daunting length probed between her dark curls and deep into her juice-slicked love tunnel.

The mermaid goddess twisted her hips, the movement sending tingles of hedonistic pleasure about his glans as the wet warmth of the Queen's dripping snatch began to envelop his jock; slowly, as his nine inches were close to overwhelming. 

The sailor wanted to be here forever, staring up at this wanton beauty as her fabled cogie consumed the rigid length of his tingling poker. His eyes took in the tautness of her stomach, the fullness of her bust and the beauty of her face; the fae's grin wide as his hot flesh opened her's. 

His Queen rolled her pelvis in waves, as though she fucked to the rhythm of the nearby ocean, and the pair moaned as one as they crested new tides of bliss; her movements drawing his hardness ever deeper.

So blessed he was to have become the plaything of this carnal Queen; a glorious young woman who hungered for his fuck pole with greater enthusiasm than the most expensive harlot. 

He watched her as the youthful sprite's head fell back in ecstasy, the stones and shells that decorated her long, flowing hair jangled in time with the rising and falling of her hips.

The Queen was panting now, as his meat filled her clam to bursting. Her juices were flowing and he felt them dampening the twisted pubes that ran up to his abdomen. The Queen wanted more and more of his fork's long inches inside of her and she slammed her quim up and down furiously as she chased impending orgasms and the coming tidal waves of his jism.

She took his long, veiny nine inches into her lover's lane, now with surprising ease as the mermaid goddess' wetness eased the path for his stander; up into her pussy and deep, deep into her yearning fuck hole.

The Queen leaned forward as she rode him, pushing her full breasts and pert nipples to his face; he sucked on them, drawing the heated, sweaty flesh into his mouth.

Both the Queen and her sailor were moaning now; her joy coming from a clit nib that throbbed in ecstasy with each rise and fall as his glorious apple tree speared her vale and rammed her g-spot, his from a surging spike that was wetted and caressed towards cumming by her tight, drenched pouter.

The sailor placed his strong hands beneath the Queen's buttocks and lifted her off his cock; it took long moments for her wet pink to rise over the flared head of his strident tool. His stretched nine inches were slicked wet by her pussy's juices, her cunt was red from pounding up and down on his hard tosser.

He flipped the Queen so that she was now on her knees, facing away from him. Her hard, round ass cheeks pointed up into the air and beneath her sweaty brown eye was the gaping pink slit of her sodden snatch, framed by dampened dark curls. His length and girth had worked open that sopping tunnel, and the soaking way beckoned again. The sailor shuffled forward on his knees and bought the bulbed head of his cunt stretcher to her drenched burrow.

The Queen twisted her neck to look back at him and those glinting emerald eyes bore into his, begging him to push his bit of stiff deep into her; and he dutifully obeyed.

The sailor knew that in this position, his truncheon's head would slide over the Queen's clit and send shivers of ecstasy through her stunning body; so he pushed in deliberately, teasing her sensitive button. In response, the Queen lifted her head in a moan and forced her ass back, so as to take him deep. She gasped as he opened her tunnel again with throbbing force and rushed in with sudden, lustrous speed.

The Queen's head was down, her butt was up as the sailor effortlessly pounded his long inches into her soaked snatch. Back and forth he thrust, building speed as their joy blossomed. Both lovers were crying in mounting ecstasy as the Queen forced her buttocks back to devour more and more of his giant rise.

The sailor held onto the Queen's hip with one hand and reached under her with the other to caress the temptress' heavy breasts; her orbs swayed as he pummelled into her. With his hand grasping her titty flesh, the Queen looked over her shoulder and their eyes met again; he saw her perfect, regal visage was all alight with a glorious, lustrous, delirious smile. Writ large across her gorgeous face was a primal love for the way his red hot poker ravaged her dripping fuck burrow.

His hips swung back and forth as he screwed his Queen; his eyes wide with pleasure as he watched his huge hair-curler slam into her juicy wetness. The sounds of their moans were met by the slipping, sliding, squelchy noises of their fucking and the clap of his swinging dinks as they slammed up to tap her tingling clitoris.

Her walls were tightening all about him as they moaned loudly, together. The Queen's hand reached beneath her to stroke at her sex's sensitive spot as she sought to rush forward her orgasm. 

The sailor was struggling to fuck his Queen; she was still drenched but her pussy was constricting about him as her ecstasy built close to orgasm. The sailor's hard dick stick was consumed by bubbling, hot waves as his own cum surge built; his ballocks were so tight now, he knew he was close to blowing wads of hot semen into his wanton Queen.

As she became more taught about his stiff, his way in and out of her moss became harder, so he slowed his thrusts to tease and stretch and wet her evermore, and to indulge in their hedonistic fucking for just a few more moments.

The sailor wanted to spy his Queen's ecstasy as he hammered into her, so he pulled out and held her, turning her sweaty body so that she now lay upon her back. Eager for him to enter her again, the Queen spread her legs wide and he gazed longingly at her messy pubes, her wet, open pink and pushed his rigid kidney-wiper forwards to lance into her again.

As he began fucking the Queen, easily thrusting into her now drenched basket, he traced his tongue about her sweaty breasts and lay kisses upon her chest and neck. The mergirl moaned and the sailor moved his mouth onto hers; they locked lips passionately and their tongues duelled with lust.

Their kisses were brimming with a yearning for the coming nirvana as his cock slipped in and out, ramming the Queen's clit and deep into her pulsating pussy. They were both crying out in bliss; they were so close now.

With his dirk enveloped by dizzying, hedonistic sensations, the sailor threw his head back and gave off a whooping carnal cry as a crashing orgasm came upon him. The Queen's hips were bucking with her own ecstasy when he felt the sudden, violent contractions at the base of his tube that heralded a massive explosion of cum.

The Queen's quim roiled about his thick pole as she came and came, shrieking in her joy. Her cock alley gushed and wet waves soaked him. As orgasms wracked his body, the sailor pulled his nine inches out, but not before the first gooey drops of his semen pumped into her savaged gash. 

With his full instrument free of the Queen's cunt, and his surging orgasms spraying, the sailor's horse-hung prick spat long shots of hot, white, spermy cum across her rolling abdomen; the mermaid's tanned skin was painted with his creamy streaks, all the way up from her stubble, past her belly to her heaving tits. He was astonished at the volume of jism that has shot out of his cock as more and more ball juices were splattered across her stomach and breasts.

Still upon her back, the Queen lifted trembling hands to her heaving breasts and brought cum stained nipples to her own lips; her hungry tongue traced long licks of his goo and she wailed at his taste.

The sailor stared along the length of his still hard prog and his eyes followed the gleaming trail of his cum that marked the Queen's torso; its colour clashed against her tanned skin. He gazed at her with sex drunk eyes and thought she had never looked more stunning than the image before him now; her beauty shimmered as she was covered with sex sweat and the white hot lines of his spitted ejaculations.

As the fever of their cumming subsided, the Queen sat up and streams of his semen began to trickle down towards her hips and the dark, twisting brush of her pubic hair. Their breath slowed after the flames of their fucking and the sailor lay upon his Queen, holding her, caressing her in the heady aftermath of epic sex.

Minutes after their screwing had ended, the sailor was on his feet, pacing about the hut. His throat was parched from moaning and crying out during their sex, so he looked about for something to quench his thirst. At the back of the hut he found a number of coconuts, each had a small hole worked into its top. He brought one of the fruits to his lips, tipped it back and drank the sweet, refreshing milk. He gasped as his thirst was slaked and brought a coconut to his lover.

They had both drunk from their coconuts and the sailor had collected his Queen's empty vessel and placed it on the floor in the corner of the room. He turned back to see the Queen lying on the floor, her legs spread open as she pushed long, exploring fingers deep.

While only moments had passed since his quaking orgasms, the sailor began to experience the most unexpected of sensations. He looked down between his legs as lusty blood filled his pointer to grow past nine long inches. He could scarcely believe he was so big now. He formed a loose fist with one hand and ran his fingers down his veiny pole to reach for his his aching, over sexed tallywags; they were bigger now too and hung low and loose beneath him. He was ready to cum again!

Which was exactly what his Queen wanted. From her position on the floor, the semen hungry monarch looked up at him and her gaze lingered along every hard inch of his pussy juice-slicked cock. She spied past his growing member to the surprised eyes of the now giddy sailor. The moment their eyes met, he knew of the pleasures to come.

"Magical...," the sailor whispered in awe as he thought back to the goo that had consumed his lobcock earlier. Somehow, the mermaid spells has grown his liver-lifter and balls larger, but also gifted him with even greater virility; it was a blessing he intended to put to good use on this debauched utopia.

The Queen rose from the floor and was now on her knees before him. His cum stained monarch kept her eyes locked on his as she opened quivering lips and brought her hot breath upon him to consume his raging, slippery tosser.

She joyfully licked the helmet of his cock's head, tracing her tongue to its eye and hungrily slurping down the viscous droplets of jism that still hung there after his first orgasm; she lusted for their flavour, but his Queen wanted much more.

The Queen's lips were about his stiff now and she tasted him, his cream and her own juices. As heavenly as her tight cunt was, the feeling of her mouth, tongue, throat about his serpent was pure exhilaration; this was his greatest Nirvana.

The Queen had more than half his inches in her mouth, and her slippery tongue looped about his shaft and brimming helmet. She grasped his buttocks tightly and took him deeper again, fighting against the urge to gag until the edges of his long dark pubes tickled her nose. 

The sailor moaned deeply as he was engulfed by ecstasy. He looked down at his mystical lover; most of his stiff was in the Queen's mouth and throat now, and he saw in her a slut glutton who was hungrier than ever. The mermaid's jaw was straining as she opened her mouth wider and wider to be able to take him so deep. His ruler wanted more than just his pole's flavours; she wanted his cum. 

Now he understood the end game of the mermaids' magic; yes, it gave him the joy of more fucking, but it gifted his Queen and her tribe a near unending stream of his sperm cream on which they could feast. Now, more than ever, he was a servant to be used to feed the unending sexual appetites of these famished mermaid sluts.

If that were to be his fate; so be it.

The Queen's emerald eyes became wild as she looked up at him; what a picture she was! Her dark hair, all decorated plaits, highlighted with coloured grasses, shells and gems, was pasted with sweat. Her melon-sized breasts, which jiggled as her head bobbed back and forth along his nob, were still coloured with splatterings of his first orgasm. He spotted the curled mess of her dark pubes, they were wet with both of their cum juices; he had never seen a more desirable, beautiful creature.

The sailor very much wanted to give his Queen what she dreamed of; a mouthful of hot, thick semen. Her eyes pleaded with him as she rammed her lips onto him his hard bellows and took his length down her throat with force. Her moans sent rumbles of joy along his stiff and he felt his next orgasm begin to build.
