 The weak light of dawn streamed in from a small opening in the thatched roof and danced golden streaks across the soft, dried grasses that padded the floor of a small beach side hut. The warm rays danced their heated caress over the sailor's spent body. The man emitted muffled cries and tossed upon the floor, the sound and movement rousing him from sleep.

The sailor rubbed his eyes as the twisted reality of the past days came upon him, striking him as hard as the waves had crashed upon his stricken ship; Abundant Horizons and his mates were gone, he had washed up on the beach of some distant tropical island and this alien land was home to...

Sexually crazed mermaids!

His mind raced as he remembered all that he had seen and experienced since washing upon this fabled shore. That he had survived the storm and the destruction of the ship was miracle enough. He raised his hands to cross his chest in thanks to God for the fact that he had lived while his friends had perished.

But, he could not bring himself to complete the religious act, could not bring himself to acknowledge the work of the Lord when he had witnessed and been drawn into... Depraved acts of lust! True, he had exchanged coin and other valuables for carnal pleasures but this land, this world... Was something else. The women, mermaids!, of this island were tramps; they were wholly consumed with carnal lust. 

No, it was more than consumption, it was an obsession.

The sailor had spied them as they tenderly fondled each other's breasts and hungrily dipped their tongues into each other's wet cogies, pushing past tangles of pubic hair to taste their sisters' lusty holes.

And, when his boiling ejaculation had sprayed across the heaving bosom and harlot tongue of their Queen, dozens had come forward to lick up the gooey strands, stealing his jism from the hard forms of her aroused nipples. 

So taken were the mermaiden by the flavour of his sex cream that many had deeply kissed their Queen's cum-filled mouth, their tongues probing for one more taste of his otherworldly sperm elixir. 

The sailor had truly never known that such horny women could exist. He had never known ladies so taken by any man, let alone himself. He had never known women so enamoured with a man's stiff, nor his hot load. Yet, here he lay, somehow the only man, the only being with a hard donger, that these mermaid minxes had ever spied. And they lusted for him. He had no doubt that since his arrival, many had dreamed of his long pole and of slurping up rivulets of his thick cum.

Mermaids! Dreaming of his cock squirting sticky semen for their carnal pleasure. Incredibly this debauched, twisted fairy tale was now his reality.

The sailor's mind nearly exploded again. When he had been seized by the waters he had seen them; their nakedness, their flowing manes dancing in the water, their impossible bubbles of breath deep beneath the waves, their long scaly tails! They were truly sylphs, creatures of myth come to life! They lived their lives deep in the water, their tails propelling them gracefully beneath the waves. However, when they came ashore, their tails, through means arcane, transformed into long shapely legs...

The age of the mermaids perplexed him too; most seemed to be in their late teenage years with toned, muscular bodies boasting pert, ample breasts. The eldest among them appeared to be their Queen, she was perhaps in her early twenties. 

Adding to the alien feel of this place was the total absence of men. The reaction of the women to his form, and to his penis and its orgasm, convinced the sailor that the sirens had never before sighted a human male. That they were lustful and carnal was obvious, he had spied them orally pleasuring each other, acts he had only heard whispered of in bawdy taverns before he came upon this place. In his manly form they had found a new outlet for such wantonness.

After his long sconce had spat hot cum across the Queen's breasts and into her yearning mouth, the monarch had become frustrated and angry as his eight inches had shrivelled away, his penis shrinking after his shuddering, manic orgasm. She had laid down on the ground, upon her back, wailing for more. Even the sloppy, sticky musk of dripping young mermaid pussy, offered by dozens of sapphic sirens, could not satisfy her slutty sex quest.

In the days since, he had managed only the most feeble of erections, stirred by debauched sights of lesbianism about him. As a result, the sailor had felt as frustrated as the Queen over his suddenly dampened virility. He supposed his limpness was due to exhaustion and he had spent most of his time sleeping, resting or eating island fruits brought to him. When he slept, he dared to dream that his rod would return to hardness and to erupting with the splurging orgasms his Mermaid Queen fantasised over.

Months at sea, so very long since he had rammed some powdered prossie's dripping quiff, and now dozens of nude, lustrous mer-girls hungered for his cock stand and its hot dollops of sploogy cum nectar.

And the sailor's spike and ballocks were as spent as those over an over bred stallion...

--

If anything was to rouse his shriveled hair-splitter it was the sight that now greeted him: the toned, bronzed figure of the Mermaid Queen with her wave-like, flowing dark hair, decorated with grasses, gems and shells, and those deep emerald, lustrous eyes. She strode into the hut imperiously, her confidence and command radiating like a burning heat from her goddess-like nakedness. Her full breasts rose and fell with quickened breaths heavy with tarty anticipation.

As taken as the sailor was by the Queen's wanton figure, his eyes strayed to the form of her companion, a long legged blonde whose breasts were smaller, closer to the size of ripe mangoes. Her delightful tits were crowned by cute, strawberry pink areolas and the small nubs of perky, aroused nipples. Her face was longer than the Queen's, framed by decorated blonde curls. Her visage boasted angled cheeks, rosy lips and a smattering of chocolate coloured freckles. Her eyes were the colour of a freshwater lake, a chilled sapphire blue. Her gaze danced with a lascivious curiosity and a yet to be quenched sexual hunger. 

Both women were wholly nude, except for grasses twined at their wrists and ankles; these were forms of jewellery, twisted with shells and small, polished stones. The Queen wore more of these accoutrements than her lover. 

The golden maned mermaid yearned with a never before known appetite for what he, the only man to stride this world, could provide: a pleasuring rigid stick of sex flesh. He alone brought eight long, thick, hard veiny inches of shaft and a pair of hairy, bursting balls into this world. And, most treasured of all was the splurging globules of dripping, sticky, spermy fuck cream that burst from his donger's eye; that was what these horny, mythic sluts yearned for.

The raven-haired Queen and her golden haired lover stalked towards him as he lay prone on the floor, his eyes wide as they alighted on the taut nakedness of his soon to be lovers. Their long legs swept toward his form and his eyes lingered upon the wet openness of their pouters. Finally the seaman began to feel a surge of blood rush to his shaft of delights.

They stood before him, this naughty pair, their eyes looking longingly to his building prick and then back to each other. As though they knew what would make his blood boil, the blonde haired sapphic servant leaned forward to kiss her Queen, her wet tongue alighting onto the Queen's trembling lips and probing inside... The Queen's hands rushed to her young servant's shapely bosom; she broke their kiss to lean forward and trace her hot, wet tongue across that nib of sweet pink flesh that was the young woman's hardened nipple... The rigidness of the sailor's stiff stander began to rage.

At the sight of his quick-hardening pole, the Queen drew in a sharp, desirous breath and sucked the girl's warm nipple into her mouth. With the delicious pink morsel between her teeth, the monarch bit down and her lover cried out in exquisite, torturous pain.

To alleviate the ache she had caused her servant, the Queen kissed the girl's burning breast and sucked a lover's mouthful of tit flesh between lecherous lips. She savoured the warmth in her mouth and felt the fire between her legs flare as she dreamed of other lovers' meats she would devour this day.

As the Mermaid Queen serviced her breasts, the blonde rolled her head back and clasped her ruler's hands. She drew the Queen's fingers lower, across her flat stomach, and guided her touch past her popped out belly button and down... The sailor's eyes boggled at the same time as other, more prominent parts of his anatomy, grew and grew.

The springing, spritely sight of his fully hardened prick-pride momentarily broke the girls from their sapphic reverie. Then, over the sounds of shallow breaths, he heard a wet, slippery, squelching as the Mer-Queen drew long fingers out of her lover's dripping madge. She ignored the musky, sweet juice that coated her digits and knelt down to the floor beside him, her knees parallel to his waist so that she could grasp with desperate, sticky fingers for his growing member.

The Queen, the undisputed Ruler of this world, was upon her knees before him, her green eyes twinkling with lustrous mischief, as her right hand tightened about the base of his thick tube. Her grasp pulled on tufts of his coarse brown pubes as she began to stroke his mast-hard staff. The sailor felt a rush of air as the blonde settled with grace on the floor, crawling on hands and knees, like some famished predator, toward his hardened fuck pole.

The fragrant, chocolate hair of his Queen fell with warmth across his stomach as she brought her gaze upon his standing stiff and stout. As on the beach, her inexperience when it came to a man's wang confounded her horny senses.

The horny sailor could wait no longer. He reached for his ruler's lovely face, jammed his thumb between her panting lips and prised her mouth open. With some force, he gathered her dark locks and pushed her head down, bringing her open, wet mouth onto his longing standing stalk. 

He revelled in the sudden, succulent, heated joy of her mouth engulfing his straining stiffness, while the Queen gagged and coughed. The mermaid was overwhelmed as his distended, thick prick filled her throat and rammed her tonsils.

The Queen rushed up for air, pulling her mouth up quickly past his bulging head. She yanked away and a resounding "pop!" echoed in the small hut. His piss-proud, it's skin a deep red, flushed with rushing blood, was now slicked with her drool. His lady cleared her throat as she fought to draw breaths into her ravaged windpipe, so deep had his full cock probed. 

As the Queen looked to regain her breath, her blonde lover gazed to her ruler with wild, pleading eyes. The monarch nodded her assent and the gilded haired lovely brought her own hot breath against his ramrod dirk. As dick-hungered and cock-crazed as her regent, the young mermaid took her time as she savoured first the heady aroma of his foreign scented, purple-veined stretcher.

The blonde's fingers trembled nervously and she took some moments to hesitantly, slowly pull his foreskin down so as to release his knob's engorged head. She awkwardly extended her dripping tongue to take a few hesitant, unknowing licks of his purple helmet. First, she cautiously teased his stallion's opened eye, her tongue probing to lick drops of thick pre-cum. Then, seized more by lust than growing courage, she opened her lips and eased his thick and long cock deep into her virgin throat.

The sailor's girth and length were alien and shocking to her reeling senses, so different were they in form and feel from the soft, sopping petals of her lovers' pussies. The golden haired mermaiden's azure eyes bulged as she took him onto trembling lips; over nervous, chattering teeth; beyond the back of her saliva-sloppy tongue... She savoured the slipping, burning, sliding mass as it entered her. Using her trembling hand, the sexy blonde creature guided his knob's head to open her aching, stretched tonsils.

The sailor moaned loudly, spluttering spittle from his lips, as the hot, wet mouth of the sweet-faced teenage temptress totally consumed his engorged pointer. The heat of her tongue, the slick of her saliva, enabled the merwif to take his massive standing ware deep, deep down her yearning throat. 

The full, inches long stretch of his penis was come alive with a dizzying tingling as the golden tipped mermaid reared her head back and slowly pulled off his veiny staff, her lips wet with saliva. She inhaled with a rush as she sought to catch her stolen breath. The Queen looked upon her subject with jealous eyes filled with unaccustomed awe; with a respectful nod of her noble head, the Queen acknowledged her servant's giant blue vein-guzzling prowess.

In his own mind, heady now with his own surging depravity, the sailor also admired the girl's first attempt at out doing even the most ambitious and coin needy harlots from back home.

It was the sight of both beauties, now kneeling to either side of his strident sex stalk, that brought his mind rushing back to this very debauched present. His mermaiden bent their heads close to his hardened sconce stick so that their heated breath teased him, hinting of unimaginable pleasures to come. He teetered there, on the very edge of extraordinary ecstatic bliss, for some moments until his delectable fae hoars brought their slick, cum-starved tongues to sloppily lash at his rampant tickle tail.

What heaven it was to have blonde and brunette kisses and tongues twisting about his rock-hard eight inches! It was as though they sparred, with the full intensity of heated battle, their tongues taking the place of blades and his rod and its cream their ultimate trophy.

The girls were aroused too now by this cornucopia, the air fragrant with their musks. First the goddess Queen, then her obedient slut, traced slippery, wet paths up and down his tingling shaft, coming together at the top to sloppily kiss one and other while his pulsing glans bobbed in between their slick, jousting tongues.

With their hands around him, they stretched his foreskin lower, releasing his cock's thick bulb. His tip glistened in the low light, as much with early sperm ooze as with the mermaids' hungry spittle, as he felt his drummers tighten and the first stirrings of his building orgasm. 

With long months between his filled tube and his last thrust into any woman's dripping burrow, he doubted he could hold back his load for that much longer. As heavenly as such great head was, especially when dealt out by two young, gorgeous ocean nymphs, he knew he would soon spray gluttonous wads of sperm and lose his first chance to penetrate these magical lovelies.

To the shock of both mergirls, the sailor swivelled his hips and pulled his cock's length away from their still-hungry tongues. The Queen's protest was instant, her screech sharp and menacing. "I... I have... Have something... new... to show you..." he stammered breathlessly in a rushed response to her sudden terseness. 

Both his lovers appeared confused. He knew they had no grasp of the meaning of his words. He knew they had never experienced what he dreamed would come next.

Knowing that the Mermaid Queen, his ruler, should be the first to feel the penetrating force of his stiff deep, deep in her gash, he came up to his knees and pushed the Queen onto her back. The monarch's insistent voice shrieked the word "COCK!" in its most imperious, strident tone. 

"I have heeded your royal command, my Highness," he spoke floridly. "And I shall meet it in a way that will send you into the heavens!" His declaration was bold.

The Mermaid Queen lay upon her back, her tanned skin resting on the soft rushes that lined the hut's floor. Her curled, untamed, dark hair fanned out behind her. Much to the delight of her blonde lover, the Queen's long, stretched legs were spread wide with her sopping wet cunt exposed and open to the sex-expectant air.

The sailor knelt between the Queen's legs, quivering on weakened haunches due to near-bursting lust. His long pring rose, impossibly hard, and stuck out, straining, just inches from his ruler' dripping wame. 

He spied brief disappointment in the Queen's eyes, he knew she had wanted to suck his long stalk, but he held much loftier plans for his stiff member on this wild dawn.

He dipped his eyes to take a long, desire-heavy gaze at the form of her royal grove of venus; the Queen's dark fur was dotted with glittery droplets of her own musky juices and her lust-slicked labia was full and reddened, jutting beyond her bush. Her lips parted just enough to offer a tempting look into her craven darkness, into a hole never filled by a ramming cock.

The Mermaid Queen's dizzy head rested in the boiling lap of her blonde maiden, the girl's heavenly breasts dangling just above the ruler's forehead. The blonde's eyes were wide as she watched his full prick advance to breach her Queen's waiting pink...

"AAARRRGGHHH!" The sailor gave off a low, primal, guttural, uncontrolled wail as his knob's head boldly parted the flappy gates to the Queen's boiling clam. Her own wilder panting challenged his and their lusting moans, joined by those of the blonde consort, spiralled into the air.

By the Lord, the Queen's cock-virgin quim was tight! The sailor had barely worked his donger's tip into her opened love tunnel when his size meant he began to struggle, despite her drenching moistness. The sailor withdrew, took a determined breath, and pushed again into her dreamed of hole.

With his effort, and with the Monarch's great moans, her wetted cradle gave way and his hair-divider advanced, it's length eased a little by her slick cream.

His face was lit by lustrous joy as he plumbed into his Queen. His long suffering cock revelled in her constricting gash, even as he struggled to thrust ever deeper. He was shorter than one third of the way in, but withdrew and entered again, building up a luxurious rhythm that spoiled his yearning shaft's tingly tip and breached her love tunnel a little more each time.

The blonde girl was moaning in rhythm with her two rapacious lovers, but she felt somewhat adrift, and quite confounded, by the alien sailor's thrusting ministrations upon her Queen. Yet, the Mermaid monarch was so obviously enjoying his spike's deep probing and the golden haired fae felt her chance was now to claim some of her own sexual bliss.

The blonde crawled towards her deity's head and saw her neck crooked back in hedonistic pleasure. Before the sailor had come to this land, the Queen most enjoyed her girl cream and she knew his long cock had not satiated all royal cravings.

The blonde turned her shapely ass towards the sailor and he admired her firm rump and tight brown hole. His eyes glinted as he spied her full pink, as its flaps parted to reveal her mossy vale. The blonde's charms were fully opened, her soaked labia hanging above the Queen's moaning lips. Syrupy lashings of snatch-box juices leaked into the monarch's hungry mouth as her tongue stretched for her lover's stirred clit.

The sailor's eyes bulged as he took in the sights of Sapphic delight that played out before him. He let out a shuddering, horny moan, as much drawn from the pleasures gracing his stiff cock as from such heavenly views. His vision was drunk and he stared, enraptured, at the Queen's tongue as it lapped at her lover's spring. At such sights, his sconce became harder still as it ploughed its way back and forth along her juiced up royal snatch.

So aroused was the sailor by his slow, long strokes into the Queen's tight quim, and by the delightful vision of her tongue dancing about the blonde's glistening pink, that he pulled his long inches free from her bush nest lest he soon spray his boiling cum; he wanted this heaven to last and last, yet his hollies were already tight and his pipe already filling with ball juices.
