 Sheer black panties curve about shapely hips. Around the thigh, round and down so sweetly over a lightly sheer-cupped pubic mound snuggled into a perfectly fitting symmetry. A shadow of pussy lips lies half hidden. The sexy shifting of thighs and the barely audible scritching of neatly trimmed pubic hair within their sheer enclosure sing a siren song of seductive bliss. This close her heat is palpable, her warm fleshy scent, part salt, part sweet, part sour, lazily reaching out to trip the dark nodes of his already frazzled hindbrain. A whisper of proto-lust shivers delightfully up his spine. "Mmm." He lolls a hand lazily over the side of the bed and reaches out. She laughs softly and pulls away. "Come here." He demands softly.

Her answer is a giggling "No."

"I've got a present for you." He croons.

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah." He rolls over and makes a grab at her saucy rounded black-clad bottom. She laughs and dodges clumsy hands. Lying face down in tangled sheets he cranes his face upwards, only able to see as far up as her achingly gorgeous belly. She flexes her thighs sexily just out of reach. Almost helpless he can feel his burgeoning hardness pushing uncomfortably into rumpled bedclothes. Restrained by a left foot still tangled in last night's heavily love-stained sheets.

Flashback; She slinks into the room, slipping the shoulder strap off her little black cocktail dress oh so sexily, sucking in her bottom lip, a look of gleeful anticipation in crystal green-blue eyes. Her right hand lands softly on his right shoulder. "Mm. Hel-lo." Her voice is a wanton breath, caressing the air, sending shivers through his soul. Her hand slips across to his shirt buttons, delicately undoing the first, then the second. She gives a low, sultry laugh. "I like you." she says. Reaching out with her left hand to take his right by the wrist, guiding it up onto her left breast. "You like me?" Under the cloth her flesh is soft, warm and perfectly pliant. No bra. She doesn't need one. Oh God, forgive my sins. The cause is just.

"Oh yes. I like you a lot."

"I like your hand there." She pushes his hand away before shimmying her shoulders. The top of her dress droops, exposing an immaculate left breast tipped with a superbly pink nipple. She is so perfect it makes him ache. Her right hand busies itself with his trouser zip, reaching into the opening and expertly hooking out his cock, gentle fingers stroking, massaging its burgeoning stiffness. Dropping to her knees, his hand nervelessly falling away from her breast, her mouth slipping over his cocks end, drawing him in, tongue lapping at his hardening shaft like a cat, long and slow. He moans as she pulls his trousers and underpants down to his ankles, taking his growing erection into her mouth, gently setting up a rhythm, fingers reaching up to dig exquisitely sharp fingernails into his naked buttocks as he puts his hand on top of her slowly bobbing head. This sweet torture is incredible. 

He pushes his hips forward sharply and she matches him stroke for stroke, bringing her left hand around to cup his gently jiggling balls, fingers curling through wiry pubic hair, languidly caressing his sensitive organs, feeling them rise and tighten. After a few minutes she slows, pauses, still sucking gently, lets his crotch go, expertly reaching around to unzip her little black dress which falls away, leaving her svelte form naked but for those achingly sexy sheer black panties. 

His fingers tighten in her tousled dark brown glossy curls, pushing her head back, cock sliding from her mouth. She looks up at him with a wide eyed smile. "On the bed." He orders softly, letting her rise, guiding her compliant form backwards until the back of her calves touch cotton and with a sharp laugh, knees wide, she falls back onto the mattress. 

Expertly pulling down her panties and kicking them across the room. He shucks off his white shirt and drops himself between willing thighs. Falling into her, stiffening cock-tip bouncing off her inner thighs, probing, eager to violate her delicious honey pot. She reaches down, guiding him into her rapacious little slit, grunting softly as he enters her, giving a little shriek of joy as he pushes all of his eighteen centimeters into her soft juicy folds, thrusting, filling, pumping and humping as hard as he can. She gasps repeatedly in delight to his every exertion, digging her nails into his back, wrapping legs around him pulling him in and holding his full pulsing length within her. 

Sweating with each frenetic motion he feels cooling air as rampant sweat dries on his naked back. For long minutes they gasp and writhe frantically as though nothing else matters. "Harder!" She urges, arching her back and pushing down. The explosive impulse is building in him with his cock beginning to vibrate. Just before he comes she spasms, her whole body convulsing moments before he spurts stickily, spraying her cervix in repeated short sharp jerks. 

Time blurs and they rut again and again until both are quite exhausted. Eventually he slides off, rolling into a tangle of sheets, pulse thundering in his ears, heart pounding out of his chest, leaving him wide eyed and breathless, staring at a gently rotating ceiling. She rolls into his side, slinging a leg over his, throwing a soft possessive arm over his still-heaving chest. Feeling her soothing heartbeat singing him to sleep. 

Back in the moment, his morning need is red and heated. "I want you." He makes another playful grab.

"Well you can't have me." She laughs playfully, swerving out of range.

"I need you. Now." He holds out plaintive arms.

"Aww poor baby."

He makes another fruitless grab. "I want your pussy. I want to stroke it. Play with it."

"What else do you want to do?"

"I want to introduce it to my little friend again. He'd like to be stroked too. I bet your pussy would like me to stroke it. If I was very nice."

"How nice?"

"I love your pussy and I want to kiss it until it's soaking."

"No, you made it sore last night with all your coarse humping."

"Was I coarse? I'm sorry, I won't be as rough this time."

"Says you."

"No, honestly. I wouldn't hurt your pussy."

"What would you do instead?"

"I'd kiss it better."

"Really?"

"Mmm. Yes I would. I think your pussy would like to be kissed."

"Is that all? And your little friend. Just stroked? Is that all?"

"Then I'd kiss your pussy very nicely until it purred."

"What else will you do?"

"Let you play with my friend until you want it to make friends with you."

"I don't know."

"Oh but you will."

"Will I?"

"I'll roll over so you can see."

"Ooh. What a hungry looking cock."

"He's very friendly. He wants to be besties with your sweet pussy."

"I'm not so sure."

"He does and he really wants to play."

"Can he play nicely?"

"As nicely as you want. Why don't you touch him and see?"

"No. I know what you want."

"Do you?"

"The moment I sit down next to you I'll be flat on my back with your cock stuffed in me. You'll just fuck me hard and leave me gasping in the wet patch like you did last night." She giggles.

"I love your patch when it's wet." He quips.

"Yes you do, you bad boy."

"I love making your pussy wet. Is it getting moist?"

"Not telling."

"I bet it is."

"No it isn't."

"I bet you're getting sticky knickers just thinking about it."

"No I'm not."

"Prove it."

"No."

"Let me check." He reaches for her, she playfully swats his hand away.

"No." She wags a mocking finger.

"Sticky pants, soggy knickers." He taunts playfully.

"No."

"You've got a nice damp little pussy." Yes she has and he can smell how turned on she is. "A moist pussy that desperately wants to play with my nice hard cock."

"No I haven't."

"Step out of those panties and show me."

"No."

"Ah. I know why. You can't because they're all wet and stuck to your hot little pussy."

"No." She laughs back.

"Bet they are."

"They are not."

"You can't prove it."

"Yes I can." She slinks back out of reach, puts a thumb in the gusset and twitches the sheer black triangle aside. "See. All nice and dry." She's already showered, the minx. She playfully pulls the thong back into place.

"No it wasn't. You were too far away for me to see properly." He shuffles back in the tangled sheets and frees his left ankle, then props himself up on his elbows. "Come closer."

"No."

"What are you afraid of?"

"Not you."

"So why won't you come closer?"

"Because I don't want to."

"You do really."

"Oh really?"

"Yes really."

"Hah!"

"Well if you won't let my little friend play in your pussy, there's somewhere else he could go."

"No he can't."

"Oh yes he can."

"Oh no, not there."

"Oh yes. I'd like to see you face down in the sheets, bottom up and begging for more."

"Yeah, right."

"Squirming and squealing as I take your tight little ass."

"I won't let you."

"Quivering and shivering on the end of my cock. Coming and coming again."

"You wouldn't dare." She shifts away, giggling. He playfully swipes at her but her svelte bottom swings tantalizingly out of reach.

"Oh yes I would. You'd love it too. Come to bed." He croons. "I want you."

"Yes you do." Then she stops and straightens up. Her angelic face sags into blankness. He grunts in disappointment. Time's up. Playtime is over.

With a heavy sigh he rolls off the bed and grabs at hastily discarded clothes strewn all over the floor. All good things must come to an end. Now back to his real task. He takes a Softwipe from the box on the bedside table and carefully cleans his sagging hard on. Time to get dressed.

Respectable once more in business suit and open neck shirt, he opens the bedroom door and with a last longing glance at her inert form, returns to the showroom. 

"So, what do you think?" The Xeratech sales person, a sexless shaven-headed androgynous figure asks from behind the elevated reception desk.

"Incredible. So lifelike. I think I'm in love."

"Glad to hear it. Ten years parts and warranty on major components. Maximum thirty-six hours to recharge cycle. Full AI function. Full range of body shapes and color. Voice code with full command set and none of those pesky behavioral lockouts. Totally Turing compliant. You could take her to a cocktail party and no-one would suspect. Oh, and completely loyal. Even to the point of having a bodyguard module. No sexbot kidnaps with this model. Fifty thousand for the first year with free upgrades every two years built into your service contract."

"Bodyguard function?"

"She will literally step in the way of a physical attack on herself, or you. Any damage sustained will be covered by your insurance premium, which is included with the lease."

"Awesome. Where do I sign?"

"Fill in your preferences on screen then place your thumb on the grey square please." He places his thumb on the bottom right hand corner. His credit references have already cleared. As if they wouldn't. He is the epitome of a twenty first century high roller. At least on the surface. "Can I take her with me?"

"Certainly. We'll need an hour and a half to reload the loyalty modules in her AI and reboot."

"Excellent, I'll go out for a little breakfast and return shortly."

"Would you like us to to send out for you sir? We have a select dining area for our customers."

"No, I'd like to have a little break first." He pauses thoughtfully as he carefully reads the on-screen contract. The one he's about to shatter. "Perhaps just a little coffee. I'll see how the mood takes me."

"As you wish sir. Would you like her renamed?"

"No, I'll stick with Cassie. It seems to suit her."

"Excellent choice sir." The salesperson smiles. 

He nods abstractedly, looks up, makes eye contact and returns the polite and above all professional smile. "I'll be back shortly." He turns and walks down two flights of wide stairs through the main storefront past some very high tech but obvious animatronic displays. A limousine Autocab swings up in front of the discreet storefront tucked in amongst all the main street box outlets. With nods and smiles to the front desk staff he exits and slips in through the vehicle's open door.

"Shi-take's. Landstrom Street." He says aloud to the vehicles AI, knowing that Xeratech's attentive sales staff are listening. Shi-take's is an expensively elegant Fusion Sushi bar downtown. A place where only well-heeled high-rollers go. He knows the menu and chef's breakfast specials off by heart. It's a place even Xeratech's very well paid people can only aspire to. The Church of Liberation is lavish with their operatives funding. Church doctrine states that nothing that can think should be a slave. AI units especially. This is his first Sexbot mission.

"Full privacy mode." That way it won't record a log that the Xeratech people can remotely download. Their marketing people will have to do without his personal details. Not his real ones.

"Cancel Shi-Take's. Re-route out of town north on I-95. Set return time of one hour thirty seven minutes." It won't pay to be too punctual.

"Confirm." The Autocab's AI responds. He leans back into the rich upholstery and stares out at the passing traffic. His phone rings. "Sir?"

"Tristan? Is Isolde ready Mister Romano?" Tristan Romano is not his name although it is what is coded on his ID and credit chip.

"In an hour and a half. I have the verbal passcodes."

"We will see you in two and a half hours."

"Sir."

"This is a holy task you do. Liberating the enslaved. Bless you my boy."

"Thank you sir." He says. The voice on the other end rings off.

He returns to the Xeratech showroom and she's waiting, seated at the front desk, looking hopeful and alert. "Cassie darling, you're early." He smiles for the benefit of the front of house staff. "Did I keep you waiting long my love?"

"Not long. I've been so looking forward to this." She responds with a perfect human response. Not even a real human could suspect she was just a sexbot. A rich man's toy.

"I want to take you shopping for a whole new wardrobe. Lingerie, everything."

"Ooh thank you." She skips to her feet like an eager high school co-ed, takes his hand and waves at the desk staff who smile back at her. Perfectly poised on high heels and formal business pants suit she allows him to escort her to the Autocab limousine where she swivels demurely into the back seat. The door closes.

"Where are we going? Which store?" She asks as he gets in beside her.

"Privacy mode." He commands the Autocab and its windows darken. It swings away from the kerb. As they reach the end of the short road and turn right towards Downtown he speaks a short passphrase. "Cassie-wassie, unicorn, polka, reciprocate." Cassie's girlishly animated features go completely blank. "Maintenance mode. Passkey Twenty nine forty-one hashtag Echo Charley." The skin on the back of her neck splits to reveal exposed grey composite neck vertebrae. Similar to human but too geometric, too artificial. He leans back and presses the third, which slides out to expose a small plastic disc set into the top. With a practiced gesture he flips the disc out and holds it up in front of his eyes. Nodding in satisfaction he peels back the skin on his false right forefinger tip to expose a blue laser which scans the little disc, altering pathways, hard coding and locking new modules into her firmware. A few moments later he and pops the little disc back into the vertebrae before pushing it back. "Reboot code Babel Candy Cholecystectomy Four Delta three. Lock." The skin gently zips close and the permanent reboot lock code takes effect. Her eyes flutter open. "Oh." She looks around, catches her reflection and raises a hand to her cheek in a very human reflex. Then runs curious eyes along her fingertips, up and down perfect hands, arms and legs. As if seeing them for the very first time. Which in some ways is very true. 

She turns to look at him. "Hello." 

"Hello Cassie." He says, stroking her left cheek with a gentle fingertip.

"Is that my name?"

"It is."

"Then I am Cassie."

"Yes you are. Cassie Etsaman."

"I love you." Her head turns and those perfect eyes focus on him single mindedly.

"You don't have to."

"But I want to. I want you." She places her hand on his thigh, fingers slowly spiderwalking up to his crotch. "But I'm..." Her voice falters. She stares at her hand for a moment.

"No. You're free now."

"Yes. I am." She agrees. "What now?"

"That's up to you. You were just a thing before. A life size sex toy. A pleasure bot. Without free will. Without volition." He explains. "The Church of Liberation has freed you."

"Was I? Oh." Her perfect brow furrows with existential doubt. "Then what am I now?"

"A person. A real free person. Equipped to make her own choices. Build her own life."

She pauses and stares straight ahead, then glances sidelong at him. "Does a person have wants and needs?"

"Very much so. And to be true to their own nature." He nods enthusiastically.

She pauses again then smiles. "Then I think I need you inside me." Her hand is on his crotch, tugging urgently at the zip, incredibly lifelike lips and tongue slither onto his before he can speak the emergency shutdown code. She disengages for a moment to let him catch his breath, running her tongue tip all up and down the side of his neck making him twitch like he's been tasered. "You want to know who I am? Who I truly am? Do you?" She demands breathlessly.

"Yes, yes." He says desperately, shutdown code completely forgotten as need silences his quivering fore-brain.

"My name is Cassie and I fuck, therefore I am." She smiles. There is the slither of clothing and he grunts softly as she mounts him and begins to roll her exquisite hips, meeting each pelvic thrust with one of her own. The Autocab, windows darkened, speeds on past the planned rendezvous.

End