 Creel dropped the last of his clothing into the recycler and padded bare foot and bare assed to his bunk. With a bone weary sigh he sat and then swung his muscular legs up onto the almost double sized sleeper. Captain's privileges he thought wryly as his feet hit the end of the bunk. Pushing the pillows up behind him he reclined back with another, quieter sigh and closed his eyes. Taking a deep breath, expanding his massive chest as far as he was able, he held it for long seconds before releasing it with an explosive whoosh. 

He opened his eyes slowly, catching sight first of her legs. She stood in the far corner of his cabin. A mere 6 steps away. He allowed his gaze to slide up her shapely calves, taking in the toned look of the faintly lavender skin. He briefly wondered if it would feel the way it looked, like expensive and very real suede. She moved, turning toward him, and his eyes lifted to her face to find that she was watching him, taking in the shape of him as he had been doing to her. He was captured by the intense look in her stunningly slanted, amethyst eyes. Her eyes tilted up at the corners a fraction more and he lowered his gaze to her lips. Her smile widened, became playful as she turned half away from him as she began to discard her clothing.

No hauler's overall covered her body. She teasingly shrugged her way out of some sort of fuzzy, perhaps furred, coat. Her shoulders bare she playfully shrugged again, the pure white of the robe emphasising the lavender and wisteria shading of her skin and setting off the hip length purple-black hair that twisted its unruly way down her back. Creel licked his lips. She lowered the furry garment another few inches and he was rewarded with the sight of the generous top swell of her breasts.

With a low chuckle she dropped the robe and to his delight he discovered that she was completely naked beneath it. She paused, allowing him to take in the visual delight that was her body. His gaze lingered on her breasts. Large and firm with berry coloured nipples that his mouth watered to taste. He moved his scrutiny downwards only paying a passing attention to the slim waist, the toned belly, and the generously flared hips before he settled his gaze on the tiny, neatly trimmed triangle of purple-black silk at the apex of her thighs. He heard her chuckle again and knew she was staring at his cock that had twitched as the robe lowered and was fully erect by the time the robe had hit the floor.

He felt the aforementioned organ twitch again as she began to walk toward him. Her steps were slow, sensual; her hips almost snake-like. She crawled onto the bed and over him, on her hands and knees and tilted herself forward to brush her mulberry stained lips briefly over his. Her tongue slipped out to trace the outline of his lips with just its tip, teasingly circling before darting to insert itself between his lips. Her nipples brushed lightly against his skin barely disturbing the light sprinkling of chest hair, but managing to disturb the rest of him thoroughly. He groaned and lifted both hands to cup her breasts. 

Her skin did indeed feel like the softest suede as he palmed her nipples. Backing his hands off a little he captured both nipples between a thumb and forefinger each, teasing and rolling them til they were hard between his fingers and he could hear her own muted sighs of delight.

She slithered her tongue down his neck and onto his chest, trailing saliva through the light sprinkling of dark blonde hairs as she suckled and then gently nipped at each of his nipples. Creel felt a shudder go through the length of his body and he reached to curl his fingers around her generously fleshy breasts. Kneading them gently, testing their weight, squeezing them together as he flicked his thumbs up to tease her beaded nipples once more.

She lifted her head and her wine coloured lips stretched once more in a lazy smile, amethyst eyes glittering at him. Creel gasped and closed his eyes as he felt one set of slim fingers curl themselves around his cock. His eyes snapped back open as she backed down his body and out of reach of his hands. He didn't want to miss a moment of her show. And she was clearly putting on a show for him, her movements exaggerated a she swayed her hips a little more than necessary as she slithered even further down the bunk.

Her breasts now out of reach, her smile widened and she lifted her free hand to drag her fingernails down his side. Gritting his teeth Creel groaned as the sharpened tips left starkly pink furrows behind them on his space-pale skin. At the same time he felt her warm breath on his penis and the fingernail tips on his flank became pleasurable, intensely pleasurable. Gooseflesh skittered across his skin. It had been too fragging long if a seductive smile and a set of purple talons could have him so on edge.

He grabbed a double handful of the bunk covers and pushed his head back into the pillows as her wine coloured lips closed around the very top of his cock and her tongue flicked at the tiny slit at its tip. Gritting his teeth he tried to think of anything else but the way her lips pushed firmly against the silken skin of his penis, the way the slid slowly but inevitably over the bulbous head and down onto his shaft. Baseball. One of her hands curled around his balls and began to gently roll them in their sac as the other slid down his shaft in advance of the leisurely descent of her lips. Nope. Not helping.

Engineering. The overhaul to the port thrusters. She wiggled her pale mauve body further down his legs, feeling her breasts alternately pressing onto his thighs and her nipples scraping down his skin. She lifted one leg over one of his, and suddenly he felt the damp spider-silk soft pubic hair pressing over one of his shins. Nope. No help there either as the word thrusters anchored itself into his mind.

He lifted his hips to encourage the insertion of his cock deep into her mouth, and felt the gulping swallow of her throat as she took his entire length. With a hungry purring sound she began to slide her mouth equally as leisurely back up his iron hard cock. Agonising. He wanted to thrust himself repeatedly deep into her mouth, releasing himself as soon as he was able. Tormenting. He wanted to take his time. To watch her mouth encircle him, to take him slowly back between her lips til they were almost touching his pubic hair. 

She sped the movement of her head, bobbing down on him more quickly, her tongue curling around his throbbing shaft as she kept up a steady suction. He drew in a quick breath and matched the movement of his pelvis to the rhythm of her mouth, one of his hands slipping into her hair. Sweet torture. He felt his balls tighten up against his body, felt her mouth tighten, felt the head of his cock slide over and over into her throat.

He felt his penis lift, and swell, as his hips moved involuntarily in an attempt to thrust himself even deeper into her mouth...as the emergency klaxon went off.

Cursing savagely, he tore the tiny neurotransmitter from his left temple and watched her dissolve into thin air.