 Author's Note: This is part of series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*****

"Ah! Ah! Ah! Yeah, harder, right there. Fuck me!" Callie screamed as her arms and legs locked around her boyfriend's torso. Her pussy squelched wetly with each thrust. She could feel her inner walls practically being pulled out as she clenched around him, wanting nothing more than to be filled forever. Her breasts heaved with her frantic breath. It was coming, she could feel it. An orgasm to end all orgasms.

"Yeah? Want me to fuck your slutty cunt? Want me to breed you?" He asked, voice airy as he worked into her with all the power his body could muster.

"Yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes. Fuck your cum into me." She screeched, head falling back. Callie was on the pill, as such there was little chance of her becoming pregnant. But the fantasy was always on the edge of her mind. It's why she insisted on never using a condom with him. Neither of them had any diseases, and she had confidence in medical science to protect her fertile womb.

"Ah, shit! Cumming... cumming inside your pussy!" He announced. She didn't reply. Rather, she couldn't. Her breath hitched up in pitch, turning to yelps and moans until she was crying out as her snatch became a vice around him. As she did so, she could feel him throb inside of her as his hot seed poured into her. Nothing compared in her mind. The feeling of being filled in such a way and the thrill that it could lead to new life inside of her.

"Yeeeeeaaaahhhh." She purred as she kissed him deeply. They held one another for several minutes, as Callie basked in the feeling of his prick slowly going soft inside of her. Eventually, he seemed to pull out as her snatch became empty. They kissed again before she rose from the bed.

"Do you really have to go?" He asked, speech slow from the afterglow. She chuckled and nodded.

"Yeah, sorry, babe. Got family coming tomorrow." She said. The nineteen-year-old stood and stretched, her legs slightly shaky from the recent climax. She sighed pleasurably as she felt his cum beginning to drip down her thigh. Some women would shy away from it, but she found it pleasant. Her body was a sight to behold, and she was aware of this. She ran frequently, did squats and other such exercise to maintain her trim figure.

As she walked about the room, she knew her lover's eyes were on her rear. It was easily her most distinguished feature. Round, pert and oh, so soft to the touch. Highlighting it was her thin waist, slim enough to give her a near hourglass shape, but thick enough that she looked healthy. Her breasts weren't noteworthy, though they were perky 32B cups. A decent size for her petite height of 5'2''.

She playfully bent over to show off her ass and lightly gaped pussy. Callie knew it drove him crazy and that he'd no doubt masturbate to the memory later. Unfortunately, she had a curfew for that night and dressed quickly. Although, her almost skin-tight jeans did little to conceal her curvaceous bottom.

"See ya." She called as she exited his apartment.

"Bye." He answered.

She felt good about herself. First a fantastic date to the carnival with her boyfriend of three years, a pleasant dinner, then some making out in the local couple's park, and culminating in her a blissful fucking. Callie couldn't help but grin to herself as she walked into her home. She lived with her dad, a single parent after her mother had passed away two years ago. He was a strong man, raising her on his own. And a good job he had done of it.

"Hey, Dad, I'm home!" She called, shutting the door behind her.

"Hey, sweetheart. How'd your date go?" He asked from the living room. She could hear the sound of the football game coming from the TV. Typical dad, she thought.

"It was great. We had some real fun." She emphasised the last word, hearing a groan in reply.

"Oh, lord, spare me the details." He said playfully. Callie didn't pretend to be the pristine virgin daughter most father's dream of, and neither did he. She was a woman, capable of making her own decisions. As long as she was happy and safe, he was happy for her.

She walked in the living room and sat on the couch. While sports weren't her favourite thing in the world, she enjoyed them enough to sit beside her dad and cheer with him. As she sat there, she could feel the day's exhaustive activities bearing down on her.

"I'm gonna get an early night." She said, leaning over and hugging him. He placed his arms around her, pushing the game from his mind. The warmth of his hairy arms and scent of cologne mixed with the light musk of bear was comforting to her. It was the sensations she had grown up with after all. As they parted, she felt a slight shock. Not powerful to make her jerk back, but enough that she noticed it. She shrugged it off and headed upstairs.

In her room, she found herself standing at the foot of her bed. Something felt off. Her body was warm, hot even. She brushed her light blonde hair out of her hairs, the strands falling from her ponytail. It felt slick, like she was sweating. Brushing a hand across her brow, she found she was indeed sweating. Was she sick? No, couldn't be. She thought and undressed. It was summer after all, and she was prone to overheating.

With her clothes discarded, she felt slightly better, but the heat persisted. Desperate, she took off her panties and bra. Her panties came away with a lewd schlik, her boyfriend's jizz caked onto the garment. She smiled gently at that, realising she'd been sitting with her dad while cum oozed out of her snatch the entire time. But it didn't serve to relieve the heat.

She sat on her bed, breathing heavily. She should get some water, she thought, but then her throat wasn't dry, nor did she feel all that lightheaded. It was almost like she was horny, but very different as well. Oh no, she thought. What if Dave caught something and gave it to her? For a second, panic began to set in as her mind whirled through each and every STD that she knew of. Before it finally came to an end.

And gave way to a new, alien sensation. It was like a swelling in her crotch. She looked down at herself. In seconds, her tired, half-lidded eyes came alive as she took in the sight. Her clit was growing before her eyes. Seconds passed by as she stared. It had peeked out at least three inches from its hood now, and still grew. What's going on? She screamed silently. This wasn't normal. Far, far from it.

She should get help. Yes, that's what she should do. But she remained paralysed where she sat. Before her eyes, her clit reached a length of 7 inches with a proportionate girth. She thought it was over, until she felt another swelling sensation beneath it. She leaned over to see what it was and could only gaze with an open mouth as a fleshy sac formed. It quickly grew taut as twin orbs filled it. They weren't huge, a little smaller than golf balls. Nonetheless, it was horrifying to see on her body.

She had a cock and balls.

"Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit. How'd this happen? Did I eat something? Am I some kind of freak? Did Mum have this?" She asked herself. Her voice was barely a whisper. Her clit was now a dick, complete with a bulbous, purple head and thickly veined foreskin. It was hard as well. But she wasn't aroused by this... was she?

Her hand began to move towards it. But she stopped herself. She had to figure out what caused it. She thought back to what had happened in the past few days, before her mind zeroed in on earlier that day, at the carnival. She and Dave had split up when he went to the bathroom and she had found a dark, gothic tent. It had no sign, but she had figured it was some kind of gypsy fortune teller. Curious, she'd gone inside.

It was as she'd expected. A long table with a crystal ball on it, and a woman with witch like clothes sitting behind it. The woman had taken a small pay of 2 dollars, asked some questions, read Callie's palm and finally wrote something down. Her penmanship was incredible, appearing to have been writing by elves. But it didn't serve to disguise the fact that it was little more than a glorified fortune cookie.

You will take what you love. (You will take what you love)

She had left feeling underwhelmed. She never mentioned it of course, brushing it off as a wasted couple of dollars. Now, as she sat staring at her unnatural appendage, she knew what it meant. She didn't make it a secret that she was fond of sex, had been since she'd lost her virginity. But that didn't mean that she wanted to have both worlds. She liked her pussy, it was natural and pretty in her eyes. And now she had this horrendous thing on her body.

She couldn't exactly go to the hospital. She knew people, a nurse would take a picture and she would end up plastered all over the internet. There was no way she could cut it off herself either, and she would rather die than have her dad see her like this. So, what choice did she have? She had to live with it. Somehow.

Then she realised something. The fortune teller had said she'd take what she loved. Not have or borrow or anything like that. She would take it. Did that mean she stole this cock? But, she'd only had sex with Dave and he was decently big, but she was certain he wasn't this big. Oh no, she thought as she recalled that spark with her dad. It was touch. She only had to touch someone. Completely outside of her control.

And if she was this big, did she steal half of each of their dicks? She shuddered briefly as she imagined her dad naked. Ew, she thought. No, couldn't be. She decided, only to blanche in horror. If she was this big, then she must've stolen a lot from Dave. Did he even have a dick anymore? Had she stolen it?

"Oh fuck." She groaned and slumped forward, head in her hands. Her new cock was still hard, almost seeming to look at her. Curiosity is an overwhelming instinct; one that even fear cannot temper. Without thought, her hand strayed to her dick and grasped it. Instantly, she felt pleasure bloom into existence. Unthinking, she squeezed and stroked it from base to tip, moaning as she did so. Why did it feel so good?

She couldn't stop herself. For the first time, she masturbated a cock that wasn't another boy's. To her shock, she felt the pleasure build faster than ever before. Even when she had been horny beyond belief, she had never felt this. Pressure built in her gut, tightening as her hand worked. Moments later, she gave a muted cry as her cock spurted its maiden load.

When it was over, she laid back, panting. Semen, her semen, splattered her chest and face.

"Oh man, that was good." She sighed, unable to summon any fear or worry over her new genitals. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad, she thought.

The next day, she awoke to the sound of kids laughing. She groaned and smirked, knowing it was going to an eventful day. As she stood, she felt her cock flop against her thigh. It was strange, but, like before, she didn't feel anything one would expect of her. It was just there. She stood up and pulling on her panties. It was a struggle with her new thing, but she managed. Her sweatpants came on next, loose and concealing, followed by a typical shirt. She headed out and was quickly met by a tackle from a young boy.

"Hiya, Callie." He exclaimed excitedly. She was about to reply, when she felt the shock again. Oh no, she thought in realisation. It was still going.

"Hi, Jason," She said, pulling back, "Mind if I go take a shower? I promise I'll be right out and we can play."

"Okay." He said and ran off. The shock had already ended before they stopped touching. She headed to the bathroom quickly and locked the door, stripping.

"Oh crap." She sighed, seeing her thing was indeed bigger. It was quickly growing hard as well, reaching a full 9 inches. Despite herself, she felt pride at the fact that her cock was bigger than most men's. Recalling the previous night, she gripped it and moaned low. It was even bigger than before as her hand raced along the shaft. Pre-cum already began to bead and run down her length, slicking up and down at a rapid pace, "Fuck..." She cried, clasping a hand over her mouth to quiet herself as cum sprayed out.

She plastered the wall with it. Deciding to clean it up later, she climbed into the shower and began washing up. In doing so, she aroused herself and once again masturbated. It seemed like each time was better than the last. She finished up quickly and cleaned the wall. She walked out and was again met by a tackling hug. For one reason or another, her aunts and uncles didn't have any daughters. As such, she was met by three young boys all vying for her attention.

The shock was stronger than ever. More like a constant electric current than an actual shock. She wanted to move away before the boys became eunuch. But she couldn't get away from their surprisingly strong hands. Before long, the spark was gone and she felt her panties grow tighter.

"Hey, guys. Sorry, just let get dressed real quick and we can play a game." She said and rushed to her room. Inside, she pulled down her pants and underwear, gasping as she saw her cock. It was massive now, at least 6 inches despite its soft state, which quickly changed. Her eyes grew wide as it became 13 full, masculine, daunting inches, "I'm giant." She muttered and found her hand once again around her length. As she should have expected, it was even better than before.

She didn't last long. The pleasure was new and overwhelming to her as her seed quickly sprayed out to liberally splatter her floor, bed and wall. There was so much, easily a quart. And she knew that she could go again and again if she wanted. But she had company. She had to be presentable. The thought to hide away in her room to escape her uncles never occurred to her. No, it did, but it was silenced by a subconscious need for pleasure. And the bigger she was, the better the pleasure. 

Almost as soon as she came downstairs, she was beset by her relatives. Her cock was tied to her thigh, concealed by a long, conservative dress. She could feel it grow each time she hugged one of her uncles, or when one of their sons brushed against her. Clothing did nothing to prevent it. The house was full to the brim with her family. Almost a dozen boys running around, while their parents caught up with one another. Eventually, the day came to an end and Callie was able to retire to her room.

Inside, she had to bite her tongue to prevent herself from screaming. She had thought herself to be huge that morning, now she was a legitimate monster. It was soft as could be, but it looked to be 12 inches long and at least as thick as her wrist. As before, she found herself growing aroused by the mere sight of it. She watched, dumbfounded, as it grew larger than one of her arms. At least 2 feet of cock jutted from her crotch.

How did she not feel anaemic right now? The question was lost as her hands clasped around it. Her fingers didn't even meet around it, failing miserably to do so. But the pleasure blossomed instantly. As she masturbated once again, she wondered how it'd feel to be even bigger. Her mind turned to a local college and the male dorm it held. If she could convince them to have sex with her despite the prick, then she could grow enormous.

"Yeah." She sighed as her hands raced across her cock, "Get them to fuck me, then I can steal their dicks. Then I can be bigger," She moaned, cock throbbing in her grasp, "And then I'll get more to fuck me and I'll get bigger. Then bigger. Then bigger." As she repeated the words like a mantra, her pace increased. Cum blasted from her cock like it was shot from a cannon. Her room was quickly drenched in the stuff.

As soon as she calmed down, she restrained her prick and headed out. She made an excuse that she was going to Dave's as she climbed into her car and drove to the college. There was no guarantee she could pull it off, but she was going to try. Minutes later, and she was pulled up outside of a frat house. There was a party going, lights and noise blaring, which meant drunk guys. She walked inside and was quickly beset by the men. Strangely enough, there were no women at the party. Almost like they were expecting her.

She had arranged her cock and balls in such a way that she could hike up her skirt and they wouldn't show. She bent over the couch, pussy on display and far too tempting for the drunk, horny men. They lined up to fuck her, cock after cock sinking into her, cumming and disappearing. Each time, her own prick grew. By some miracle, it didn't grow erect as she was taken again and again.

She lost track of how many used her. But, as the last one pulled out from her, she knew it had been dozens. Her pussy felt like a gaping hole, almost like a mouth locked open. Semen drizzled out, drenching her thighs and scrotum. When she stood, everyone seemed to have passed out as soon as they'd finished with her. She smirked, as it gave her the perfect chance to observe her new size.

Pulling her dress off, she shrieked in joy. The men wouldn't wake up, she knew that. Her prick was enormous now, 2 feet of dick hanging from her groin and hovering above her twin, watermelon sized balls. She quickly became to rub it, moaning wantonly as it grew even greater. 2 feet became 3, 3 became 4 and 4 became 5. It was bigger than her at this point.

A scream from the front door drew her attention. An older woman stood there, dressed provocatively. Behind her, a dozen other girls gawked at Callie. The massively endowed teen quickly found herself eying them lustfully. It only made sense that she would want to fuck women with her giant cock. They all stared at her, as if waiting.

"What're you waiting? Don't you want some real dick?" Callie asked seductively. They quickly moved forward, stepping over the boys. Callie had no idea why they seemed so eager, she would've ran if she saw herself just over a day ago. It was magic though, she reasoned, so who cares? The girls began to practically worship her dong.

"I could get used to this." She moaned as a pussy began to open up around her dick, "Definitely."