 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*

Katy smiled thankfully at the barrister as she took her cup of coffee. Across the Starbucks, she spotted her friend, Rita waving at her from across the store.

"So, tell me, Kat; how's everything going?" Rita inquired. She took a sip from her cup and sighed happily. Katy glanced down from her friend.

"You know, this and that I guess," she answered.

"Still no boyfriend?"

"Well, no," Katy admitted. A blush creeped on her cheeks as she briefly looked up to Rita's face. The Italian girl was a sight to behold; long, black hair, pale skin and smouldering eyes. Katy instantly slammed her gaze back to the table, feeling an uncomfortable squirming in her baggy shorts.

"I don't get you, Kat."

"What'd you mean?"

"Well, I mean. Look at you," Rita made a grand gesture towards her company, "You're a babe, if you don't mind me saying so," Katy felt her shorts shift once again. Calm down, she thought and mentally slapped cold water on her face.

"Yeah, I guess."

"You guess? Let's run through the list: 1, you've got great hair. 2, you're pretty. 3, you've got huge tits. 4, you've got a great ass. 5, you're the smartest person I know. And 6, you are a fucking bombshell," Rita explained, raising a finger each time.

"Rita," Katy whined and blushed fiercely. She looked around to see if anyone had heard, but they were all seemingly engrossed in their conversations.

"Look me in the eye and tell me I'm wrong," Rita dared with a triumphant grin. Katy took a drink from her own cup and looked away. There was no denying what her friend had said. Katy had been known throughout high school for being busty and even in college her breasts had remained on the large side. Not that she ever really showed them off. A low cut top didn't really work with her baggy pants, and she couldn't afford to wear anything tight down below.

The reason for which gave a not so subtle twitch beneath the thick material.

"Stop it," Katy spat.

"What was that?" Rita inquired.

"N-nothing," Katy snapped nervously. Her secret wriggled about restlessly inside of her shorts, eager to get out. No, she commanded silently, but it went unheeded as the surreptitious thing found its way out from the leg of her pants. Shit, "Uh, Rita. Listen, I gotta go. Something just came up."

"What's the rush? And why are you poking me with your foot? Oh, is there a hot man nearby?"

"No, uh, I mean, yeah. I'm real nervous, so I've gotta go. Now," Katy said hurriedly, about to stand.

"Like hell you do. You're staying here and meeting this guy. Now, stop poking me and point him ooooouuuuttt..." Rita trailed off as she felt something rubbing against her pussy under her skirt and through her panties, "What is that?"

"Sorry," Katy apologised and settled into her chair, "Once it gets out, I can't stop it."

"Wha-?" Rita began only to clamp up as her panties were forced aside and her pussy invaded. Katy sighed in pleasure despite herself.

"It's my secret," she began, "Lately I can't control it like I used to. That's why I don't go out very often. I thought I'd taken care of it earlier, but I guess not. Just relax, Rita and it'll get tired soon enough," Katy explained with a sincere look even as her cheeks turned red with excitement and her own pussy flushed with arousal.

"I... I don't get it, ooh," Rita moaned and lowered her head in embarrassment. She was about to reach down and remove whatever it was that was penetrating her, but it suddenly rammed deeper inside of her.

"I, uh, I have a tail... that's also a cock," Katy managed to get out as the pleasure worked its way through her body.

"What?" Rita gasped only to lose herself to a sudden surge of sensation. The now revealed secret wormed its way to the back of her pussy mashing against her cervix, "So big," she moaned. She wasn't wrong either, as Katy's cock proved to be capable of stretching over a dozen feet easily, while retaining a girth of at least 10 inches. Hidden by her skirt, Rita's nether lips were stretched taut around the prehensile cock.

"If it helps, you feel really good," Katy groaned and clenched her hands around her coffee. She looked around the store to watch for any onlookers, though this backfired. A young woman stepped inside, a fitness fanatic from the looks of her. She wore nothing but a tight sports bra and shorts, revealing her abs and lightly sweated skin to all. Her curves were quite pronounced as well with a slim waist, large hips and breasts. They weren't quite the size of Katy's but impressive nonetheless. 

Upon spying her, the unnaturally endowed woman's cock went into overdrive. It began to thrust rapidly. Katy let her head fall forward slightly to shield her face from view with her long hair, while her lips parted in a deep moan. Her cock worked itself faster and faster, refusing to let up even slightly. Rita grabbed hold of the table to try and control herself. She bit her bottom lip to hold back her moans, but it was impossible. Her orgasm was fast approaching.

"Brace yourself," Katy warned just as her climax came crashing down upon her. She clapped a hand over her mouth to stifle her deep rooted moan, but Rita wasn't nearly so lucky as she cried out sharply. The first of many spurts crested at Katy's tip, spraying against the wall of her friend's womb. Her output put all men to shame as it overflowed from Rita's stuffed pussy to pour onto the tiles below. By now the other patrons had taken notice of what was taking place, even if none were aware of the actual events.

Once Katy had managed to come down from cloud nine, she turned her head to look around. Everyone was staring at her, just as she had expected. And her cock of course. It pulled from Rita's loosened snatch and faced the crowds, despite their inability to see it. The appendage paused as if to wait for Katy's permission.

"Go ahead," she sighed dejectedly, "Not like I have a say anyway," her cock, were it a dog and had its own tail, would be wagging happily. A young woman approached the mostly insensate form of Rita. She was dressed in a uniform, clearly an employee.

"Miss, are you okaaaaayyyy..." Without any hesitation or affirmation on Katy's part, the cock immediately wormed its way into the new woman's panties and up her pussy. The employee quickly lost all strength in her legs as the prick spread her wide open, its sheer size causing it to rub against her every sensitive spot. The onlookers were all beginning to gather round as Katy lowered her head in shame, not for the mere fact that this was happening, but also the fact that she was enjoying every second of it. And the knowledge that no one knew it was her cock fucking the woman.

Katy felt another orgasm rock her to the core. Her cock always did this; fuck a woman and cum quickly to move onto the next one as soon as possible. And so it did. One woman after another fell to their knees or slumped in their seats, each of them caught in the throes of orgasm, or caressed in the embrace of the afterglow. Katy had become used to the overwhelming sensations over the years, as such she was able to drink her coffee between climaxes. Her cock eventually came to a stop.

"You done?" Katy inquired breathlessly. Her cock seemed about to retract and allow her to leave, but a group of joggers came in. They were all women of course, all of them in their late teens or early twenties. Katy felt her libido resurge with a vengeance and her cock immediately jammed itself into one of the new arrivals. The others all tried to help as had the previous victims but, like those that came before, they failed.

Katy walked out of the store hours later. Her cock was wrapped tight around her waist, with a belt in place to hold it there. Her clothes were splattered in her semen.

"Great, now I have to wash these," Katy muttered and trudged off to her car. Another day ruined by her 'defect'.