 Author's note: This story is a sequel to "Shortly Before Class".

***

Brian waited by the door to Mason Hall for ten minutes after five. His girlfriend's class had certainly let out — he'd even recognized some of her classmates in the chattering stream of people pouring past — but no Jess. She didn't respond to her text messages, either. Strange, as she was usually punctual... and because she was usually eager to satisfy her "needs" after a day of class. He'd never been with any other futa girl, but the stereotypes were certainly true in her case. Jess was always tender and affectionate... once she had taken the edge off. He didn't mind satisfying her, and she didn't... well, she didn't make it weird. Well, she liked to talk dirty, and sometimes she teased for a joke, but she certainly didn't make fun of him in front of her friends or anything.

He told himself again that it was that he just "didn't mind" satisfying her. It didn't hurt or anything, usually. Obviously it was sometimes awkward afterwards. And of course she liked being satisfied the other way, and satisfying him. That was all great... Better than great. Jess was amazing. He'd do anything for her.

She just had her "extra" need, was all.

Brian felt again the familiar mix of embarrassment and a shameful arousal.

Maybe she'd stayed afterwards to talk to her professor.

The first-floor lecture hall was vacant except for diagrams of wavy lines and a scrawled picture of a box containing red and blue circles. Maybe she was upstairs. Dr... Krsomething, right? The math department was on the fourth floor. An empty hallway of little doors to little offices, quiet and deserted on a Friday afternoon.

Mostly deserted, anyway. And mostly quiet. 

The sign beside the door read 'M. Krasnowitz'. It was open just a crack, as if someone hadn't noticed that it had failed to latch. The whimpering and squealing coming from behind it was unmistakable. Jess.

Numbly, Brian edged open the door with his toe — and came face to face with Jess. His girlfriend was bent forward across the plain metal desk, skirt bunched up around her waist, long blonde hair puddled around the chin pillowed on her folded arms. Her eyes were squeezed shut, but her mouth hung slackly open, nose wrinkling with each squeak. Jess was getting fucked over the desk by a short, severe, dark-haired woman in thick glasses. She seemed about fortyish, with faint traces of grey at the temples; whatever body she had was concealed by a baggy, no-nonsense black suit.

Dr. Krasnowitz' pants were down around her ankles, and her face was curled into a tight-lipped grimace of tense concentration. The professor was fucking Jess with short, sharp, impatient strokes, forcing out a girlish squeak on every thrust. The angry red-gray shaft driving between Jess' pale, curvy cheeks left no doubt that her professor was a futa too.

Brian gaped in sudden amazement, watching the mature woman glut her prick in his girlfriend. He moved slightly, and his elbow knocked against the door handle with a metallic clang.

His girlfriend's eyes shot open at once, and she gasped. "Brian!" Jess fumbled for words, hands reaching back in a feeble effort to try to conceal their coupling.

Dr. Krasnowitz pushed her glasses back up her nose, and glared at Brian, still buried up to her hips in Jess. "What the fuck is this? This office is private!" Her voice was deep and thick with sexual tension. She squinted down narrowly at the blonde bent over in front of her. "Who's Brian?" the professor demanded.

"I'm his girlfriend," stammered Jess, unable to look Brian in the eye. Her face blazed with humiliation, and she appeared ready to cry.

"Why are you 'his' girlfriend?" snapped Dr. Krasnowitz automatically. "And not he 'your' boyfriend? You aren't a possession."

"Jess, what—" mumbled Brian numbly, still unable to take in the scene of his girlfriend getting fucked by one of her professors.

Jess had been squirming a little, apparently assuming that Dr. Krasnowitz would let her up, but the older woman showed no signs of moving. She looked at Brian for a moment, then bit her lip and turned away. "Myra is, uh, like me," she mumbled. "You know. And I failed the midterm, and I really need to pass stats for my major! A-and so—"

"Close the fucking door," growled Myra, irritated. She showed no sign of embarrassment, keeping both hands firmly on the ripe peach of Jess's ass like she intended to keep going in a minute. "Whole department doesn't need to see."

Brian automatically moved inside, pushing the door shut with his foot.

"I didn't say come inside— Oh, this is ridiculous," the professor grumbled, letting go of Jess and pushing away from her plump, curvy cheeks. "I thought we had a deal. Take loverboy here and get the hell out of my office."

"N-no, Dr. Krasnowitz, wait!" whimpered Jess, as the professor began drawing out her still-throbbing member. "I need a passing grade in this class! I can't..."

"Yeah, well, and I need to get my nut," rasped Myra, uncoupling from the blonde and scratching her shaft. Her long, pale girlcock gleamed wetly in the fluorescent office light. "Looks like we both lose. Try studying next time."

"Nooo," whimpered Jess. Her eyes turned sheepishly on her boyfriend. "C-could you just wait, uh, downstairs for maybe like five minutes," she tried in a desperately coaxing tone. "And then we'll talk about this later? I just..."

"Jess, what—" repeated Brian incredulously, but was cut off by Myra's flat growl.

"Forget it, Jess," she said, voice still thick with unreleased tension. She scowled again at her student, starting to pull up her suit pants. "I'm not interested in sharing space with some male's nasty prick. Take Fratboy here and get out."

Jess slowly got up on her elbows, tears brimming in her eyes. The first sob came as she moved away from the desk, slipping her panties back on. Brian's heart sank. Had he ruined her chances at graduating next semester? But, wait— she was cheating on him! Sort of. He was in the right here, though! "Jess..." he started sympathetically. "C'mon, you... hey, don't cry, I..."

Dr. Krasnowitz rolled her eyes at the couple. "Oh, get—" She stopped abruptly, narrowing her eyes at Brian. A thin smile creased her face. "Jessica," said the professor in a sweet tone that made them both look up warily, "so I suppose that if he's your boyfriend, he must satisfy your physical needs, right?"

"Um... yes?" said Jess, hesitantly. It was Brian's turn to blush. "I mean, we, you know, uh..."

"So she's fucking you," said the professor flatly to Brian, her lips curled in a malicious smirk.

Brian's eyes wandered to the bookshelves, then the floor. He felt his face burning. "Well... we are, uh, intimate..." Brian swallowed and shifted to the other foot, frowning. "Not that it's any business of yours," he added defensively. His hand went to the door handle, but Jess continued to watch Dr. Krasnowitz carefully.

"Okay," said the mature futa, her face neutral. "I'll make you a new deal. Him instead."

"What?" blurted Brian.

"Uh..." said Jess hesitantly, glancing at her boyfriend and back at Myra.

"What the— what do you mean?" stammered Brian. "What is this? What the hell?"

"You, dumbass," rasped Dr. Krasnowitz, drumming her nails on the desktop. "I get your ass instead, and Betty Boobs here gets her passing grade. I'll blow faster in a tight ass anyway. Make up your mind fast. Got a class to teach at eight tomorrow, and I've got lecture notes to prepare."

"You have got to be fucking kidding me," Brian finally managed to say, staring at the mature woman. "No! I'm getting—" His girlfriend's hand closed over his, soft and warm.

"Baby..." began Jess gently.

"Absolutely not! This is completely nuts!"

Jess' lips were suddenly near his ear. Myra watched them both cooly, then glanced at the clock. "Come on, baby, please. Please please please. I really need to pass her class! I can't flunk it!"

"No!" said Brian in a low voice, embarrassed. "I'm not going to let her... that's crazy! You can't be serious!"

Dr. Krasnowitz pursed her lips. One hand drummed on the tabletop. The other rubbed gently at her lower belly.

"Please do this for me, baby," breathed Jess, leaning against his side and pressing her breasts firmly against him. "I know she's being mean about this, but it's the only way I can pass... please baby, I'll make it up to you later, I promise. It's just the one time. Just, you know, let her feel good and I'll do anything." She squeezed Brian's hand.

Brian mumbled something under his breath. Then, hesitantly, "... okay, if it'll get you a passing grade. I'm not happy about this, but... okay, I just... okay." I cannot fucking believe this, he thought. As he began to fumble with his belt, he wondered if he only thought he was supposed to be reluctant. Getting fucked by a different futa?

"Great. Fine. Let's get on with it," rasped the professor in a strained tone. She unzipped her suit pants, pointing one thumb at the desktop. "Come on, let's go."

"Okay. So," said Brian, trying to take charge of the situation. Jess quietly locked the door. "We, uh, have a deal? I'll have sex with you, and you, you know, agree to give Jess a passing grade."

"Yeah, sure," said Myra dismissively. "Your ass is probably worth a C-."

Brian let this pass, but added, "Uh, and you don't tell anyone about this?"

"Did you think I was going to put 'Dear Colleagues, today I put half a liter of jism up some bimbo's boyfriend's ass' in the faculty newsletter? Now shut up and spread it!"

The older woman's girlcock was out again now, seemed harder and more swollen than before. She looked tense and distracted now. Jess gestured at Brian to get ready.

* * * * *

Brian groaned as Myra's cock stretched him open again and again. She had no interest in talking, or in being gentle at all — just a raw, mechanical rutting that was all the more urgent for her interrupted coupling with Jess. Dr. Krasnowitz' hands were on his hips, and she was stretching open his protesting depths. He was vaguely aware that it felt curious having an unfamiliar girl inside him, but mostly he was lost in the sensation and focused on an increasingly fruitless effort to look detached and nonchalant while getting his ass girlfucked.

Myra was no kind of tender lover, but her cock was driving him crazy rolling firmly back and forth across his spunk-engorged prostate, pressing and squeezing at his exquisitely sensitive root. Brian had been anticipating a good fuck with Jess as soon as they got back to the dorm, and hadn't even come since a quick blowjob the previous morning. Now his balls were beginning to throb, though the swelling and need to release his seed came from deeper inside. The professor's callous jabbing was nothing like his girlfriend's smooth thrusts, but it didn't matter to the urgent pressure inside him to drain out his backed-up cum as soon as he could. Brian could feel the intensity building, and tried rolling gently back and forth, which earned a satisfied grunt from the woman fucking him.

But no matter what he did, he couldn't quite push himself over the edge. Brian trembled slightly in frustration, clear beads of frustrated precum dripping slowly from his throbbing head. No matter what, though, he refused to jerk himself off in front of Myra Krasnowitz.

Jess was sprawled in a chair on the other side of the desk. She hadn't bothered to put her panties back on, and, as Myra mounted her boyfriend and began fucking him, first squirmed and then openly began flicking at herself under her skirt. Now she saw Brian's plight, and withdrew her fingers from her cunt with a sticky pop. She knelt and picked up her discarded underwear as she went over to Brian, a familiar wild, teasing look in her eye. Dr. Krasnowitz, staring ahead of her in grim focus as she drove into her cocksleeve, ignored Jess.

"Poor baby," she whispered in Brian's ear. "I know you need to come really bad. You always do when you're getting—" Jess drew her teeth along his ear, then bit gently, "— fucked in the ass," she breathed.

Brian's only answer was a groan. The girlcock up inside him felt enormous now, filling him up completely with deep, satisfied thrusts, and his deep root fat and throbbing. He was so close — always so close! — but he couldn't quite make it over the edge. 

Jess held up the blue satin panties, wrapped them around her hand, and slowly took hold of his cock. "Oh, shit," mumbled Brian.

"I know she's so mean and her cock is so big, Baby," whispered Jess. "I think she's just grouchy because she's full of cum. Thank you so much for putting out like this. You're the best boyfriend ever." She began to slowly pump his cock, the satin sliding over his overstimulated flesh. He moaned, half in relief, feeling the peak coming. "I hope she's not too thick for you to take up the butt. She felt pretty big in my pussy when she fucked me."

Brian groaned, precum flowing freely out of his tender cockhead. Jess's smile was tender and understanding as a sticky puddle grew in her wadded-up panties. "Right now you're being so sweet for me. I really didn't want to fail her class, and letting a woman use you as a cumdump just for a minute isn't such a big deal, right?" Jess' eyes sparkled teasingly. "You know, she's not the only futa professor on campus you could whore your ass out to, if you want an easy A... I'm just joking!" she added, though Brian's groan hadn't been a protest. 

"It's okay for you to feel good too, honey," Jess said in a soothing voice. "Let it all come out. That's all right. I know that big load was supposed to be for me, and it's so mean of her to fuck it out of you like this. But it's all right." Her hand jerked faster and faster. "Let it all out into my panties, baby. Come on now. I know how bad you need it." Brian groaned, squeezing his eyes shut. "That's it, honey, that's it. Come in Jess's panties. Let that big cock force all that pent-up cum out." The smooth satin caressed, soothed, pumped. "It's not your fault you're getting fucked in the ass, baby, so you can't help letting your stuff out. You can make more for me later — you're my stud. I'll have my legs up on your shoulders and you'll shoot it all in me the way that you like. But right now I'll milk you and make you feel all better. Come on, honey, empty out that achy cum."

He felt the beginnings of a deep orgasm, like a slow smooth wave, as his girlfriend gently coaxed his prostate into giving up his backed-up cream. A rope of spunk poured out of him and flooded the shiny blue satin, a single long release that went on and on, draining him completely while Jess whispered encouragingly and squeezed his shaft. Brian barely noticed as Myra grunted something, and his clinging passage was suddenly soaked with warm girlcum. Jess kissed him as her professor pumped him full of her load.

Dr. Krasnowitz waited a few seconds, then unceremoniously dragged out her exhausted girlcock with the same cold detachment, if a little more relaxed. "Phew, like grad school all over again," she muttered. The professor avoided eye contact as she cleaned herself off with a handkerchief from a drawer, then pointedly turned her attention to the papers on her desk. Jess carefully folded up her cum-soaked panties and put them in her purse, gesturing frantically for Brian to get dressed.

The stairs down from the fourth floor did not look like an inviting prospect to Brian and the thick load that gurgled inside him. His legs felt like rubber anyway. Brian reached for the elevator button, but Jess took his hand.

"Huh?" He asked, but as soon as he caught sight of her face he knew. "Whoa, wait, Jess." She led him down the hall; he followed reluctantly. "We can't — right here in the building? Anyone could come by."

"The doors lock," breathed Jess as she searched for a vacant classroom.

"C'mon," said Brian reluctantly, though he didn't fight her as she led him insistently inside one of the classrooms, not bothering to turn on the lights as she locked the door and turned eagerly towards him. "You can't wait till we get back for a blowjob?"

"I don't want you to suck me off," said Jess huskily, as she reached to unfasten his pants. "Sloppy seconds sounds so fucking hot."

"What the fuck?" blurted Brian. "Jess, I don't want..."

"So fucking hot," she repeated, pulling at his clothes. Without underwear, Jess' own cock was lewdly tenting out her skirt now, and even in the dim light he could see her fat, erect nipples. "Come on, I know you're lubed up for me. Professor Krasnowitz' bitchy load all pumped up in your ass. God, it makes me so hot knowing you're full of her. I got my own load now I've got to fuck out. Please, baby. I can't walk home hard and full, you know I can't."

Warm cockmeat thumped against his cheeks as, reluctantly, Brian bent over a desk for the second time that afternoon. "You're fucking leaking girl cum," Jess hissed, as his girlfriend's member slid easily up his still reamed-out passage and stirred his spunk-flooded guts. "Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, I can feel her, I can feel her stuff in you," she spat lewdly, one hand pinching hard at a nipple through her top. "She pumped a big, big nasty load in your butt. Old bitch probably hadn't emptied her sack in years. Explains... a lot..."

Her own thrusting was rough and impatient, and Brian knew it wouldn't be long. "I c-couldn't wait," she gasped. "Always had a fantasy, fucking you after another girl had you. With her still up in you. Cumslut boyfriend. What if I... whore you out on campus to all the futa girls?" Jess was babbling now. "Watch you spread for some chubby freshman... let her lose her cherry load in you for fifty bucks? I heard there's this girl on North Campus who cums so much she gives you a food baby. Bet she needs to get serviced a lot. I'll split the money with you! And every time I'll fuck you right afterward and—"

Jess choked, suddenly bursting inside her boyfriend, fingernails digging into his skin as the backed-up need that churned in her cumsack gushed and pumped into Brian's already-full bowels. He winced, feeling her swollen cock ground out her rushed, desperate orgasm deep inside him. Another strangled breath as Jess emptied the rest of her lust into him. Then she let out a long, long sigh.

A couple minutes later Jess was sitting primly on a chair, adjusting her bra. She could cross her legs now, and she gave her boyfriend a hesitant smile as she watched him stretch his sore back and pull his clothes on. After a moment, she inspected her nails, then smoothed down her skirt. Her bulge had completely disappeared.

"Um," she said tentatively, looking at her feet, then stopped. There was an awkward silence. Jess glanced at Brian.

Finally Brian exhaled a long breath, one hand on his belly. "Let me just hit the bathroom for a moment, then, uh, want to get some dinner?"

"Sure," Jess said, sounding relieved. She took his hand and squeezed it.

There was another awkward pause.

"Thanks, baby, for... everything. I just... I'm just really bad at stats."