 Lieutenant Silky Rabbit lay in a small and dingy hotel room in Cairo, Egypt. She lay with her shimmering crimson hair pouring across the naked muscular chest of Major James Rock, who was always called 'James' by everyone, except the diminutive and recently well fucked Lt.

She had carried him across the border while he was shrunk to 6" tall, one twelfth of his normal 6'3" blond hunky self. He rode in her vagina to escape detection in a top-secret mission of assassination. 

Along the way they became more than friends with benefits, and he had become totally besotted with the green eyed beauty who called him her 'Rock.' Men had died for less, but he was putty in her hands... or rather, in her hands he became anthracite, and in her mouth or other orifices...diamond was not hard enough to describe his erection. So she called him Rock often and gladly.

They had to complete their mission, to leave the Mid-East safely since he had already finished the killing part.

"We have to pretty much stay here until it's time to go, Silky," James whispered in her ear.

"I'm fine with that. Wonder what we can do to pass the time... that we haven't already done? I don't even know a name for you cumming inside me while your whole body was in my vag. What should we call it? Tiny fucking?" While she talked his hand had softly found her breast, and gently stroked her nipple to attention.

"Well, I have a thought. Does the amount of formula control the amount of shrinkage, or the time?"

"Actually, duration varies with quantity of factor one, while size relates more to time from mixing to ingestion. So I can vary both, to a point. And if you keep tweaking my point you're going to have to have some growth of your own." She lifted herself up enough to give him a long, slow kiss, and both her nipples and his penis responded with lignite actions.

He broke away, a rarity in his history of and with ravishing women.

"So you could mix things to make you, for instance, just hypothetically, 6" tall for an hour or so?" He bit her earlobe as he spoke.

"Once a perv, always a perv! From the look in your eye, and I do mean that one down there staring up at me, I suspect you have a very specific plan. Yes, hypothetically, I can become a little Barbie for your evil delight."

So James lay against the headboard as he watched the naked Silky gather her concoctions and mix her philters. The intensity of her concentration contrasted pleasantly with her rounded ass and her perfect melons. He could not see any flaws in either view.

She turned to face him and he was surprised as always at the erotic quality of her unshaven and very red pubic hair. 

"My eyes are up here, asshole!" she lovingly called to him. "We're going where no person has ever gone before." 

She took a deep breath, which of course forced his eyes briefly downward, and then let it out slowly through pursed lips, causing a small carmine tornado in her tousled hair as it hung across her face. "I've had good times with bondage, but it takes a lot of trust. This goes to a whole new level. I can't believe I'm saying this, but please be gentle with me, OK? And remember who's taking you home." 

She smiled grimly and downed a shot of a noxious looking fluid. He saw her shudder, remembering that taste himself, and then watched her melt in front of him, from five feet to four to three and on to a half-foot miniature. 

He put his hand on the floor, and she climbed onto his palm. He held her up to eye level, bewitched with the perfection of her tiny form. 

"So what's next, sailor?" She asked in a helium voice.

"Ignoring your insult, Rabbit, I thought it would be fun to take you horseback riding. Bareback, if you catch my drift."

"Let me remind you that your cock is bigger than I am, so it's not going in anywhere, right?" There was a tiny tremor in her voice – but then all of her was tiny.

He carefully sat her down on his rigid member, and she wrapped her legs around it. 

"I guess I should say something like, 'Wow, you're huge!' or such." She smiled up at him over her shoulder. "I've honestly never seen one this big! Not even on a horse!"

James could feel her legs like two fingers around his dick. She lay down, exploring, and her Lilliputian breasts made contact. Almost like fingertips, but softer. Her arms squeezed and he felt the delicate entrapment and the warmth of her minute body pressed against him.

For Silky, his cock felt like a horse. A pale horse, indeed, and one with a wondrous great vein across its back. She squeezed her thighs and the sponginess was so intense that she knew she was leaving a wet spot. She bent forward and wrapped her arms around this magic penis, and James's heartbeat throbbed beneath her.

She inched outward, shivering at the sensation of his smooth skin sliding against her, and reached the purpled mountain majesty of his glans. She ran her hands across it, almost like spreading a tablecloth, and licked a broad stoke across its rim. The ensuing twitch almost dislodged her, but on the plus side, she knew he could feel it. 

Tilting her head, Silky poured a roseate bucket of hair across this sensitive juncture; then she shifted side to side and brushed him with her tresses.

James had been unsure that he would be able to feel things as small as her tongue, but when she licked him he almost dropped her. He finally eased to his knees and put a pillow below her, so he could enjoy her ministrations without worry. 

When she began to paint his cock-head with her hair-brush he was glad he had, as otherwise he would have collapsed. The sensation belied description. Intense touches of microscopically soft feathers; A touch of Rabbit fur, undeniably. 

Silky then began to lick as much of his smooth head as she could reach. She let her boobs rub around the edge as she applied her mouth further out, and spread her arms wide to polish his flesh. She found that with her knees up against the crest she had a solid enough grip to reach his opening, and could use the gallons of pre-cum to make everything slippery.

Using handfuls of his slick fluid, she coated her tits and then slid them as a pair of tiny torture devices to arouse him more and more. The taste remained the same, just lots more of it. She sat up, looked back and saw his drooping lids. 

"Hey, Rock! You like it so far?" She yelled, cupping her slippery hands around her mouth. 

"God, Silky, I can't even describe it. Yes, I like it."

"Well, I'm ready for the next step. You have to help."

"At this point, anything! But I don't want to shove you up my ass."

"Eeeuh! Gross! Erase that from your mind, completely, totally! Yuck! No, I need you to hold me so I can get the underside. Or you can lie on your back, and then I won't fall."

As gently as a grown man can move with a six inch woman on his dick, he sprawled supine with his member and passenger both standing upright.

Silky stepped around his tree trunk and managed to reach his juncture with her hands. The malleability of his skin hindered her here, and she had difficulty getting her mouth where she wanted. She worked out a strategy that let her weight bend him flatter, and then she dived into licking his most sensitive spot with her tiny tongue. 

Unable to withstand her tantalizing touch, James finally wrapped his hand around her and began to jerk off with her body. She immediately joined in, wrapping her legs and arms tight, and licking each time he lifted her. 

She felt his tremors deep within him, and was in the upstroke position when a fire hose of semen engulfed her. Never had she had her entire head covered in cum, and this time she literally could not swallow the giant gobbets that spewed on her. Again and again showers of jism poured over her, until he mercifully lifted her away, a lob-lolly of thick white ropes.

She knelt on his abdomen and sucked up more man juice than a whole football team could drop –perhaps. Even as she gulped, she realized he was shrinking; or she was growing. In seconds, she lay next to him, the sticky chowder thankfully shrinking relatively so that one shower would be enough.

"So did that meet your expectations, Sir?" she asked.

"Wonderful! Another sex act with no name, however. Is that a full body hand-job? A body job? Whatever, I love making love to you."

"It's love we're making, is it? Not just sex?" Her face assumed total seriousness in her expression.

"That's what I'm doing, for sure," said Major Rock."

C

hanging the subject, Silky took his wilted manhood in her little hand. 

"You know I got worked up walking around with you inside me. But I haven't gotten to play with a little you.... So, I was wondering....?"

"If I'd do it for fun? In a heartbeat!"

So again, he got to watch her naked working, but this time it was for him. And again, he experienced the perspective shifting of shrinking to midget size.

Silky lay back on the bed and placed him on her chest. She laughed at the sensation, which in turn threw him to the floor – or rather, against her left breast. Since she had a small silver bar pierced through that nipple, he used it as a handle to pull himself closer to her hardened protrusion. 

He could wrap his hands around her nub, and he could feel it harden beneath his hands at a more minute level than he had ever experienced before. 

Now he faced the same issue she had – licking a surface far larger than his tongue. The smoothness of her breast beneath him was unworldly, and every move he made sent gentle groundswells into her tissue that lifted him and dropped him in turn.

He crawled down her belly as walking was too hard. As he reached her mons he could smell her arousal up close and personal. He spread his hands over her flesh, and was amazed at the hardness of himself. 

Relative to him, her bush would have overlapped his ankles if he had stood. Her hair rubbed against his calves as he crawled as if it were an afghan woven from the feathers of an angel. Approaching as he did, as soon as he spread her labia with his arms her clitoris pushed up at him as if to say hello.

He lay down with his arms entrapping her, and decided that her nipples were honeydew melons, while this was a watermelon. A turgid spongy watermelon that quivered when he licked it, which he did repeatedly.

He also knelt and rubbed his cock against her clit, a contact that was unique in its proportions. He put his hands under the skin of her prepuce, and again figured he was the only man to have ever done exactly that.

James worked across her hair until her was lying prone between her lips, with her clit still in his hands. He found that he could caress it with a palm and feel her tremors and her moans. Feel them shudder through her.

His feet were soaking by then, as he stood at the opening of her vagina, and lowered himself back to his prior hidey hole. Her hand fell out of the sky and pushed him, as he had no real way to force his legs against her tight tissue. With her help, he soon was dripping wet and sawing in and out, a full body dildo.

He could touch her button with an outstretched arm, and then he realized he could also stretch the other way and run his hand across her anus. The hardest part, aside from his penis, was not being crushed as she shoved him faster and faster in and out. The friction against his cock was not unnoticed as well, and when he felt her tube rhythmically squeezing his hips he sprayed his tiny load against her cleft.

She pulled him free and brought him to her head, dripping her juices as she collapsed. He sprang back to normal size at that moment.

"I think I'm the one who needs to say 'be gentle' when we have sex," he murmured to her.

"I'm making love, James, just like you." She stared into his eyes as she said it and he knew it was true.