 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*****

"I love you, Alissa," I whispered sweetly as I laid against my girlfriend. Her ass was pressed into my hips, my arms around her torso and holding her close to my breasts. She was breathing hotly and I could feel her pussy leaking against my skin.

"We've only been going out for three weeks," she admonished breathlessly.

"Yeah, and?" I grinned cockily. She smiled back and turned to face me, head tilted up and lips poised for me to kiss her. Our lips met. Alissa moaned into my mouth as she tasted her tart juices still left on my lips and tongue. She twisted around to face me as her hands began to slide across my body to cup my ass, which was undeniably huge and shapely, and I returned the favour. Then, just a few seconds into the locking of our lips, she froze and pulled away. I frowned and stared at her.

"Clary," Alissa began, her cheeks were flushed like she had a fever and her eyes were unfocused, "I love you. I want you," she exhaled a shuddering breath and locked her gaze on me, "I need you."

"Uh, okay," I smirked and laid on my back, legs spread to give her a full view of my shaven womanhood. My meaty thighs framed it wonderfully, something she seemed more than eager to appreciate as she crouched between them and planted wet, lustful kisses over my inner thighs. Then her lips found my snatch, "Oh fuck!" I gasped as her tongue lapped around my lower lips and dipped teasingly into my opening. I reached down and ran my hand through her hair encouragingly.

Alissa moaned against my sex as she wrapped her arms around my hips to pull me close. Her nose ground against my clit delightfully as her tongue dove into my cunt and her lips massaged my mons. I could feel the bed moving with her movements as she thrust her hips in need. I enjoyed eating her out quite a bit, enough that it put me close to an orgasm myself, but I never reacted this way. Damn, she was really going at it, I thought and didn't hide it.

"Ah, yeah, right there, Alissa. Mm, that's it. Eat my pussy, suck my clit, drink my... ah!" I cried out as an orgasm crashed over me. My hips thrust against her face and buried her mouth and nose in my sex, but she didn't pull away even as I cut off her airways. If anything, she pressed herself harder into me than before as my juices flowed into her. I wasn't a squirter, but I did cum quite a lot, "Hmm," I sighed and ran my fingers through her hair, "That was fucking sweet, Babe."

She raised her head up to show me how drenched her face was. I made a come-hither gesture and she crawled up to me. Our lips met once again and this time I moaned at the bittersweet flavour of my juices, then I felt something poking against my leg. I giggled.

"Already got the dildo out?" Alissa pulled back in confusion.

"No, it's my dick," she explained calmly.

"Huh? What the fuck are you talking about?" But, before I could rise to see, Alissa shifted her hips slightly and lunged forward and down. Whether she had an actual cock or not didn't matter at that moment. Whatever it was, it felt great. My walls spread around it until the head struck my cervix and sent a wave of pleasurable pain from my pussy to my brain. Alissa began to thrust in and out haphazardly, before she built up a steady rhythm. As she did so, I felt it growing bigger inside of me, but it never hurt. It only kept getting better and better.

I eventually felt something fleshy smacking into me. It felt like two balls encased in flesh. Was that her ball sack? Holy shit, she really did have a cock. But then why didn't I notice earlier? Whatever, I decided as she gave a particularly well aimed thrust, it felt way too good for me to care right now. As my second orgasm built, I felt her movements become erratic. She was going to cum too.

"You gonna cum, Baby? Huh? You gonna cum in my pussy?"

"Yes," Alissa hissed and sped up, "Gonna cum in your pussy. Gonna make you cum. Gonna show you my love!" She exclaimed and I felt her cock swell hugely inside of me, followed by a feeling of liquid weight settling deep inside of me.

"Oh god!" I screamed with her, "I can feel it. You're cumming in my fucking womb. Yeah!" I wrapped my legs around her hips to pull her down tight and came around her pumping dick harder than I've ever cum before.

And that was only the beginning.

It's been four years since I kissed Alissa. I'm now 22 years old and have about, um... I wanna say twenty girlfriends, but that's not quite accurate. Not the number, though I've probably got more than that, but they aren't actually girls. Not after I got through with them. No, they're all futanari now, and all of them armed with cocks at least a foot and a half long and proportionately thick. The same couldn't be said for their balls, since they were absolutely huge no matter who it was. Alissa has the biggest at about nine inches in diameter, though.

The simple explanation for what I do is that I kiss a girl and they fall completely in love with me, and then become futanari shortly thereafter. The more I kiss them, the bigger they grow, but not nearly as much as the first time, and the more futanari I make, the more I want to make. It's a strange feeling having this power.

Stranger still, not knowing how I got it or why it suddenly manifested. Either way, I'm enjoying myself. Especially when I go into a bar, which seems to be every night these days. There, I'm overcome with the urge to kiss at least one girl I'm attracted to. Sometimes they aren't willing. And those are always the fun ones.

Such as tonight's 'victim'.

I walk into the bar and stride over to the counter. I know everyone's eyes are on me. How could they not be? My hips are wide and motherly, my breasts large and domineering, and my face the personification of beauty. Not the classy kind though, but the slutty kind that guys have wet dreams about. I almost feel bad for them.

It isn't long until I spy my target and lick my lips hungrily.

A few short hours later and I've pinned her down on my bed. She's struggling against me, unable to scream through the panties I've stuffed into her mouth. I've got the leverage here though, making her attempts futile, especially since she's clearly not a fighter. I never bothered learning her name, but she's a brunette and looks like a budding young model. Just my type.

Her struggles cease when the door to my room opens and a few members of my harem come in. They soon pin her down for me. I can see the panic in her eyes at the love-struck stars in their eyes and how they reverently stare up at me, like I'm a goddess. I cup the brunette's face in my hands. Her skin's so soft and smooth. Perfect, I smirk.

"I love a fighter," I whisper to her and lean down. My lips find hers and I know the deed is done as her muscles go lax. The air around us grows heavy the scent of arousal, "But I've a sub even more."

"Whatever you want, Mistress," the brunette manages to mumble around her underwear.

"Good. Because I've been looking for a good stretching lately," I say and remove the panties, before moving back in for the kill. Not long later and she starts growing her cock, but I keep my lips on hers. I almost laugh at the thought of someone being immobilised by their cock. I pull back quickly with a frown, "Tell me, girl, do you have any close family or friends?"

"No, Mistress. I haven't seen my friends in years and my family's dead," she answers immediately, panting all the while. I swear my smile could replace a power plant.

"Good girl," I compliment her and keep kissing her. Before long, my bed is crushed under a cock the size of several of my harem members. I straddle it, unwilling to let her stop until there is no chance of her leaving this room without heavy equipment.

When I decide that she's big enough, I pull back and whistle at my handiwork.

"Well, forget the stretching," I grumble, "But, this could be more interest," I muse and shimmy to the head, where I find a slit easily as long as my arm and as wide as three of my fingers.

"This could be fun," I snicker.