 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*

Lacy Rhodes strolled along with her girlfriend in hand. Both stole glances at each other, though they never let their gazes linger too long. Neither spoke, simply walking in silence. Many of those passing by made a conscious effort to avoid the two, though they found themselves unable to rip their captivated gazes away. It was more than obvious as to why, as Lacy's girlfriend, Veronica, sported an erection much like the Eifel Tower. Lacy herself looked hell bent as her eyes scoured the vicinity.

"Come on, come on." She muttered under her breath. Veronica tried to shrink into herself, going so far as to dip her neck into her sweater. She tried to hide her bulbous erection, but failed miserably.

"Lace, come on, let's just get to the car. You can suck me off there." Veronica pleaded, glancing away as a young couple gawked at her.

"Fuck that. I'm horny too, so we are going to find a bathroom and you are going to fuck me in it," Lacy rebuffed, "Finally." She groaned upon spotting the restrooms. The mall just had to be huge, she thought angrily and dragged her embarrassed girlfriend towards their haven of depravity. Inside, the bathrooms were as to be expected; filthy, reeking of previous occupants and a poor attempt to mask the odour. No one would think to go in after one whiff of the place. No one except a desperately horny Lacy.

"Are you sure about this, Lace?" Veronica questioned, though her libido was rapidly overwhelming her increasingly fragile mind.

"Don't know, don't care. Now come on, get in a stall, put some toilet paper down and strip your ass naked." Lacy ordered and strode confidently to the nearest stall. She shoved it open, far too concerned with her own burgeoning arousal to care for the already dilapidated surroundings. Veronica could hear her near desperate girlfriend hastily taking her clothes off. Were they really going to do it in here? Veronica thought nervously.

"I'm waiting!" Lacy called. Her low, husky voice rang in Veronica's head. The sultry tones were almost like brushes, painting an image in her mind. She could see Lacy, naked from the waist down, resting on all fours on the toilet and her hips raised like an animal in heat. Veronica quickly followed her girlfriend's lead and pulled her pants down to free her turgid prick. Pre-cum beaded at her tip, the fluid tinted a faint white from her need. She rushed to the stall and closed the door behind her.

Just as she had imagined it, Lacy was in position. More than that, her hands pulled her shapely ass cheeks apart to reveal her dilated anus. Veronica couldn't help but compare it to a wet cave, or the mouth of some kind of monster and yet it was oh so inviting. Her cock did the thinking for her as she walked forward to replace Lacy's hands with her own, holding the delectable cheeks apart as Veronica moved her cock closer. Neither of them had a condom on hand, however that was far from their minds.

Veronica moaned as she finally speared her meat into her girlfriend's eager ass. As she expected, the orifice was simply divine; hot and tight, but yielding as it all but sucked Veronica's prick inside. The futa couldn't reign in her excitement any further and all but rammed her 9'' cock inside Lacy's pliant anus, as the walls clamped down around Veronica's throbbing dick. The vice-like walls grew wet as she worked herself deeper inside.

"Ah, yeah. That's it, nice and deep. Ah!" Lacy panted and moaned. She turned to meet her girlfriend's gaze, urging the futa on with her lust emblazed eyes. Fortunately, it worked as Veronica's pace picked up dramatically. Not that she could be blamed as Lacy's ass rippled around her shaft, almost like a toothless mouth sucking on a long nipple. Even without such a delectable hole wrapped around her, Veronica could more than appreciate the sight presented.

Lacy's pear shaped body was a work of art. Her slender torso gave way to a truly callipygian ass, with wide, motherly hips that seemed fit for someone far larger. Despite the shape, Lacy's cheeks rippled with each and every thrust of her girlfriend's hips. The slap of skin on skin echoed in the restroom, rebounding off the walls and into Veronica's mind to encourage her further.

"Faster. Ah, yeah... that's it, harder, deeper, fuck me!" Lacy all but growled as pleasure coursed through her body from her massive rear all the way to her increasingly frazzled mind. Veronica was mostly silent as she fucked her lover's ass, only grunting when she gave a particularly vicious thrust. The door to the restroom opened, but quickly closed as the sounds of Lacy's ecstatic moans resounded throughout the room.

"Gonna cum," Lacy announced. Her voice was weak and airy as her pleasure mounted to greater heights. She ground her hips against Veronica's each time their flesh connected, her supple ass cheeks softened the blow to the futa's skin as ripples ran across the pert flesh, "Harder, harder, harder." Lacy panted and put her weight on one arm as she reached down to play with her puffy snatch.

"Yeah," Veronica groaned, "Want me to fill your ass with cum? Want me to give your slutty shithole a creampie? Huh?" As her orgasm neared, Veronica's inhibitions fell away to give rise to her pleasure. She cracked her hand down on Lacy's ass, a red hand print forming where she brought it down. The words had their desired impact, launching Lacy into her orgasm. Her back arched high as her mouth fell open in a silent shriek of absolute pleasure, her vice-like ass growing tighter around her girlfriend's cock. Veronica quickly joined her as she bellowed her own climax.

Lacy's waning orgasm immediately resurged as she felt hot cum flood her anus. The fluid doused her walls, rushing to coat Veronica's cock before spurting from the gaps around the vein-riddled spire. Shortly afterwards, Veronica released her first load into her lover's depths. She moaned as her seed mixed in with Lacy's, flooding the orifice even as she felt spurts of thick semen splashed onto her naked legs. Lacy never failed to amaze her long-time lover with her anal ejaculation.

The strange condition had been a part of her since puberty. Lacy had grown used to it over the years, however it went without saying that it was a strange situation regardless of her age. When her libido got the better of her, Lacy's ass would dilate and bring a near desperate desire for it to be filled. Her bedsheets had been ruined time and time again by her inability to resist, nonetheless she never denied herself the pleasures of her budding body. Even now Lacy refuted any notion of control when her body demanded she sate its desires.

And now she had found someone willing to help her. Veronica had come into her life through online dating, and, as unlikely as it all seemed, they had been together for three years. The futa hardly cared about her long-time girlfriend's 'condition', seeing as she sported her own abnormality that put most men's members to shame. Lacy's orgasm came to an end, semen dripping from her hole as Veronica joined her in the afterglow.

"I love you." Both said in unison, the lovers looking one another in the eye with satisfied grins.

"I think someone has work to do." Lacy hinted and shook her hips against Veronica's resting body.

"Okay, okay." Veronica quipped and pulled away. She crouched down low, her cock flaccid as it hung over her orange sized sack, and pushed her face into her girlfriend's derriere. Both moaned low, Lacy at the sensation of her lover's prehensile tongue lapping at her sperm leaking ass, and Veronica at the flavour of their combined semen mixed with Lacy's ass. Eventually, they felt their arousals flare once again.

"Round two?" Lacy asked.

"Hell yeah." Veronica gasped and quickly rose back up to repeat their decadent coitus.