 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*****

Melanie heaved a dramatic sigh as she looked at herself in the mirror. It was worse, she thought disdainfully. The 'it' in question was her weight. Melanie had always been thin, but not distressingly so. Just skinny. But in recent days she had begun losing weight at a worrying pace. One morning she woke to find that she had lost two pounds, which, at first, wasn't too bad to lose a touch of weight here and there. Then she realised the calm before the storm.

Now Melanie looked at a reflection of a girl who stood at 5'8'' with bones stretching her skin taut. Despite her fear of doing so, she looked down at the scales she stood on; 80lbs. Anyone would assume she was anorexic as many had done, but that simply wasn't the case. Melanie ate like a horse most days, even going so far as to ask for seconds at dinner and she had exercised properly. Not anymore though. Now, she was hardly able to walk faster than a casual stroll.

"Oh, Sweetie," Melanie's mother said as she stepped inside, "We'll figure this out." Melanie looked at her with a passive expression, though her lower lip quivered.

"I know, Mum. I know."

"Come here." Melanie stepped into her mother's arms. She couldn't help but notice how soft they felt around her bony figure, a healthy layer of fat on the older woman's arms. The unhealthily thin teen was far from an envious person; she couldn't help but glare jealously at her mother's health however. It isn't fair, she thought bitterly, I want that.

As if in response to her spiteful thought, Melanie felt a spark course through her. Her mother felt it too, pulling back in surprise.

"Breakfast's ready when you want it, Honey." She offered and left the room. Melanie watched her go, her eyes inadvertently falling on her mother's shapely behind.

"Like it's gonna help," Melanie lamented and glanced down at the scales. In doing so her eyes widened as she read the number; 82lbs, "What the hell?" She questioned the air. It had to be a glitch, she decided and went downstairs to enjoy her breakfast.

Hours later, Melanie meekly walked onto her school's grounds. The institution was an all-girl's school and a real pain to get accepted into. Aside from having to perform an acceptance test, a potential student must meet their physical ideals as well, in keeping with their idea that a healthy body led to a healthy life. They aren't wrong, Melanie thought as she glanced around. Even before she had begun to lose weight, she had been the skinniest girl on campus.

Now she was but a twig. Melanie glanced about her surroundings to spy girl after girl who had a healthier figure than her, some even sporting disproportionately large breasts as if to mock her further. Maybe they'll be so kind as to give me some? She almost laughed at the absurd idea, but it loitered in her head. She thought back to the spark from earlier and the sudden weight gain, perhaps they were related?

"One way to find out." Melanie whispered under her breath. She made her way to a girl with a set of meaty thighs and placed a hand on her shoulder. As she did so, jealously surged within Melanie and, as before, she felt a spark strike her as if in response.

"Sorry," Melanie excused herself, "I tripped."

"Oh yeah? What, on a cockroach?" The other girl jeered, but Melanie ignored her and made her way into the building. She walked to the bathrooms where a set of scales were always kept, put there by the school to encourage its students to watch their weight. Melanie stepped on the set and held her breath as she watched the numbers race to calculate her weight. When they did, her jaw felt as though it had come unhinged.

"85lbs." She stated, gulping audibly in her shock. Melanie looked up to see herself in the mirror. She leaned forward to study her face better, seeing that her cheeks were ever so slightly less hollow than before. Hope swelled in her painfully flat chest, but she tempered the rising sensation. Hope was all well and good, but it did nothing without a reason for it. Melanie needed to test this possibility one more time before she made her final decision.

Later on in the showers after another gym class that she sat out on, Melanie spotted her target. Her name was Gina, whose figure stood perfectly juxtapose to Melanie's. She wasn't fat, but she undoubtedly large with a large, frumpy belly and thick arms and thighs. Like Melanie, Gina was on the verge of being removed from the school should her weight fail to improve. This benefits us both, Melanie thought as she walked up to her.

Gina was struggling to put on her bra.

"Oh no, not again. I bought this thing last week." She panted in effort, trying to do her bra up.

"Here, let me try." Melanie offered. Gina gave up and let the skinny girl try, though her efforts bore no fruit either, however it did allow Melanie to touch her chubby counterpart. Like before, her mind filled with jealous thoughts and a desire to have what this other girl possessed. She felt the spark, but didn't pull away. The electric shock persisted like a low hum in the background. Melanie eventually let go with a disgruntled sigh.

"Sorry." She said.

"No worries," Gina assured her, "Let me give it one more try," And, to her surprise, she found herself able to do it up with ease, "Huh, guess it was in the wrong position or something."

"Guess so." Melanie agreed and left to get changed. When she pulled on her normally loose t-shirt, she couldn't help but notice how it seemed tighter around her chest. A jubilant smile broke across her face.

Over the course of the day, Melanie went about setting herself up to touch other girls. Each and every time she felt the spark, and likewise, she found herself going up a couple of pounds each time. When the bell eventually rang for the end of the day, she had found her weight was now a far healthier 98lbs. She was still underweight; however, Melanie knew that she could change that in just a few days.

By the time the weekend came, Melanie believed she had never looked better in her life. She was now an acceptable 126lbs, her cheeks were full and healthy, her skin appealing to the eye and her curves fully realised. But, despite having regained her lost weight and then some, Melanie felt as though she was still inadequate somehow. This troublesome thought persisted until Sunday evening when her family went out for dinner.

The meal itself was nice and she was glad to finally be free of any judgmental or pitiful stares, but there was one single highlight in Melanie's eyes. It was a woman, sat alone in a corner happily eating with a content smile. That in and of itself was unremarkable, however the woman's chest seemed fit to redefine the definition of 'remarkable'. Melanie constantly found her eyes drawn irrevocably to each of the woman's titanic breasts. 

The day afterwards, the sight refused to fade from Melanie's mind. Each moment that she felt she had finally found solace from the images, they resurged and brought with them a wave of desire. And a new thought. If she could take other's weight, could she perhaps take it from a specific area of their body?

"Only one way to find out." Melanie concluded. The next day at school, she once again 'slipped' and grabbed someone for support. Last week she would allow her jealousy to go unchecked, but now she focused her envy on the girl's breasts. They were nice after all, even through her clothes Melanie was sure that the mounds were well-shaped. Melanie felt the shock as she expected, though it felt different. Diffused almost.

She checked her weight afterwards, but didn't see a change. One more time, she mentally decided and went to class. Melanie's gaze roved across the room like a hawk picking its meal, eventually spying a buxom young girl with breasts that had to be DD cups, if not greater. Coincidentally, she sat only a few seats away from Melanie. When class finished, Melanie stood and briskly walked to the door with her eyes locked on the well-endowed girl in front of her.

As planned, Melanie gently bumped into her. The shock came as she had wanted, but this time it was far stronger than earlier and felt focused on her chest. Perhaps she imagined it, but Melanie swore she could feel her bra digging into her breasts.

"Sorry." The girl apologised.

"Don't be, I wasn't watching where I was going." Melanie insisted and quickly took her leave. At home, she checked her weight and found she had gained a single pound. She measured herself all over while saving her breasts for last. Nothing had changed. Melanie unclasped her C cup bra with a sigh of relief and wrapped the tape measure around her mounds. Her face lit up in delight as the success made itself known.

Over the coming days, Melanie went about stealing other girl's breast sizes. At the end of every day, she could feel a strange sense of jubilation come over her upon finding her bra grossly undersized. By the time Friday had come, Melanie sported the largest bust in her school, or rather her entire town. The monumental mounds sat proud on her chest, stretching out any shirt or sweater she wore, so large that they even peeked from around her arms at times. To her surprise there was no back pain.

"And that makes 34K." Melanie announced to herself in her bathroom. She simply gazed at the bra she held in her hand, thinking that not two weeks ago she had been so skinny her bones stood out more than her breasts did. And yet Melanie frowned down at her monumental size. They were shaped just right, not too perky or too saggy despite their incredible size, but something felt off to her.

"They could always be bigger." A voice pointed out. Melanie whirled around, stumbling slightly from the weight on her chest, to face the pervert. She was ready to strike but stopped in her tracks when she saw no one there.

"Who said that?" Melanie inquired, looking about frantically for the intruder, but found no one. The room looked undisturbed and the door was even locked from the inside.

"You did." The voice returned. Melanie whipped her head back and forth, but to no avail.

"No I didn't." Melanie retorted.

"Oh? So it was your imagination that you pictured yourself with a pair of tits bigger than beach balls was it?" Melanie felt her cheeks flush a violent red, "Yeah, I thought so." The voice declared victoriously.

"Who are you?"

"Dumb question. Better one would be; 'can I get even bigger?' What'd ya say?" The voice questioned. Melanie gulped nervously and felt a drop of sweat run down the side of her head. Was she actually conversing with a disembodied voice over the prospect of making her boobs bigger? And why was she so tempted by it? Without an answer, the voice simply continued.

"I know you better than you know yourself, Melanie. Well, you know yourself as well as I do, you just don't want to admit it."

"Shut up." Melanie demanded.

"You want big, big, BIG tits. I know you do. So come on... what's the delay? Go out and get some real tits." The voice dictated.

"But..." Melanie began but fell silent.

"Go for it." The voice whispered.

"Fine." Melanie relented.

In the days to follow, she wandered deeper and deeper into her obsession. Melanie hesitated at first, always telling herself that would only take a small amount, but it soon degraded from there. At school, she would find any excuse she could to be in contact with the girls around her, stealing their busts without a second thought for how it might affect them. In short order, Melanie's school became renowned for two things above all else; 1, its student population were primarily flat chested and those that weren't quickly became that way; 2, one girl had the largest breasts in the world, bar none.

And her name was Melanie Griffith. Upon graduating, she sported a chest that defied all laws of nature and physics. Her parents were concerned for her, however she soon belayed their worries by moving two years later after landing a specialised modelling gig. That is to say, she catered to those who favoured absurd breast sizes. In a recent interview, Melanie went so far as to state that she felt like she wasn't done growing yet.

A woman of her word, Melanie continued to expand. Her barrel dwarfing breasts gained inch after inch with every passing week, acting as a sort of measure for how her popularity soared. In due time she was contacted for adult productions. She quickly agreed of course, who wouldn't? After all, it was her chance to really take off so to speak. Though she made the condition that she would only perform with other big breasted women. Given how enthusiastic they had agreed to this, Melanie was confident that such a thing was planned all along.

With such an easy source made available to her, Melanie reached sizes even the darkest circles of the internet couldn't fathom. Most days now she chose to splay her body atop her massive breasts, all too happy to hug the monumental tits that she called her bust. Despite what many would think, she remained one of the most popular and sought after 'performers' in the industry. Her name alone was enough to sell thousands of DVDs in a flash.

"I love my life," She professed to herself, "Though maybe a little bigger wouldn't hurt."