 Author's Note: This is part of a series of short stories. They are written very quickly and are not edited. They are also VERY weird and are not for everyone. You have been warned.

*

Serena hovered about in her home, wings flapping lazily. Being a fairy could be incredibly fun, especially when she got to make mischief in the human world. Their faces when they couldn't figure out how or why something happened was priceless. But unfortunately, the season had been slow. Halloween had come and gone, the busiest time for any fairy. Be they malevolent or benevolent, it was a time when magic was strongest and they could wander almost freely. But it required so much energy.

So much in fact, that almost every fairy was bed ridden for at least two months. By the time they were up and about, Santa and his elves had free reign over the earth, their festive magic overriding the fairies', at least when they were still fairly weak. But not Serena. She had missed out on Halloween that year, being forced to care for her sickly mother. As such, she was brimming with energy with no outlet.

Trying to pass the time, she viewed the earth through the glimmering screen she'd created. People were hustling about, practically trampling over each other to get the best Christmas bargains. Serena heaved a heavy sigh. Santa was a ruthless business man during the season, lowering prices to cater to everyone's greed. Something that aggravated Serena to no end.

Fairies of all races were meant to spread some form of joy. At Halloween, the mischievous races came out, bringing amusement to some and misery to others, but they evened out. Thanksgiving had the heartfelt races floating about from time, at least those that avoided the festivities of the prior holiday. And then Christmas came along and there was little joy to be had. Not that it had always been like that, but Santa had grown corrupted along with humanity. People just didn't have the Christmas spirit anymore.

"That's it!" Serena yelled excitedly, sitting upright in mid-air. A wide grin spread across her face as she flew to her storage cupboard. She was a jack of all trades, joining other fairies whenever she saw fit. As such, she had the materials for nearly every occasion stored away, "Now where'd I put that stuff. Hair growth, no, height grow, no, pubic hair growth, why's that even a thing? Ah, there we go!" She picked up a pouch of little pills and tied it to her belt.

Santa hated fairies being around during his season, but he was too lazy to bother with one. Now then, she thought and flipped through her screen, all that was left was to find someone to spread some goodwill to. Perfect, she silently exclaimed. With a few short minutes of quiet chanting, a shining doorway appeared in her home. Checking herself, she stepped through.

As a fairy, she was tiny compared to humans. Standing, she was little more than a centimetre above a soda can. Even so, Serena was quite curvaceous. Were she full sized, she could have landed any number of modelling gigs, though her breasts were a probably too large to represent the 'ideal' human body. It never ceased to amaze her how few women actually liked having big breasts, though they didn't have the metabolism fairies possess. Though Serena was going to help a lucky young lady.

It was fairly late in the human world. 12:30AM for America, a time when most went to sleep, and ideal for spreading a little fairy love. Serena floated above the human city, enjoying the air on her wings. While the air was heavy with pollution and reeked of gas at times, the fact that she could feel the air at all was a welcome change. The fairy world didn't have an atmosphere so to speak, not that they needed it. It was hard to explain without having experienced it. Suffice to say, the Earth felt so much better despite its many flaws.

Unfortunately, Serena didn't have long to enjoy herself. Santa was lazy yes, but if he was bored and noticed her presence, he'd throw a fit. She quickly found her target home and dove down towards it. There were two floors, the bottom lights on. The windows were open upstairs. She moved in and climbed inside, careful not to jolt any possessions. In the room was a bed, a figure laying on its side. It turned over, revealing a soft, feminine face and flat chest.

"Don't worry, girl, I'll fix that for you. 'tis the season for giving after all." Serena whispered to herself, taking to the air once again. She eventually landed down on the mattress, raising an eyebrow as she almost sank into it, "Wow that's really soft. No wonder she looks so well rested." Taking care not to trip over anything, she walked to the human girl's face. 

She was pretty for a mortal. Clear skin, nice lips, soft, rounded cheeks. Just a shame about her body. Serena pulled out her pouch, the pills rattling around inside of it.

"Now then, Rami said a pill does about a cup size on a fairy, so it hardly makes a difference to a human," She murmured aloud, thinking about how many she'll need to use to give this girl what she sorely lacked, "Screw it," She said with a shrug, "I'll just use the lot. Now how to get it in her." As if on cue, the girl moaned in her sleep, her legs moving apart. Her covers were pulled down, caught by her knee. Serena grinned at the naked form of the girl.

She could hardly blame her. After all, it was a hot night. Climbing over her, Serena found herself standing between her legs, looking at a clean shaven pussy. It was visibly engorged. Someone's having some fun dreams, she thought and giggled softly. She poured the contents of her pouch out. Each pill was a little larger than her hand, hardly big enough for a grown human to even notice. Unfortunately, it needed to come into contact with the target's fluids and could still be a choking hazard for the sleeping girl.

Leaving only one option. Coincidentally, it was the most enjoyable option. Serena walked up to the girl's mons, tentatively placing a hand on the engorged lips. They were fairly moist and clearly sensitive, as she moaned from the tiny hand touching her. Unable to help herself, the fairy breathed in deeply, drawing in the scent of the human's snatch. She released the breath with a satisfied sigh. The pleasure fairies rarely went out anymore, she missed these moments.

Maybe she could give something else besides a few extra inches up top? While she wasn't a master of any trade, she liked to think she was at least good at most of them. As such, she should be able to avoid being found before she needed to leave.

"Although, I left my tools at home," She mused aloud, her grin widening, "Guess I'll have to use myself." It was hardly an exaggeration, considering she was only about 5'' tall and pretty slim all things considered. But first, she thought and picked up a pair of pills, let's get this party started. With that final thought, she pushed her comparatively tiny hands into the girl's pussy. Almost immediately, she was met by a gasp of pleasure.

Serena could feel the human's drenched walls around her arms. Were she bigger, it would have been tight, but with her diminutive stature they were fairly loose. Nonetheless, it was a pleasantly warm sensation, kind of slimy in the best way possible. She pulled out, her forearms covered in the girl's juices.

"Someone's really getting into their dream." She teased, despite knowing her plaything couldn't hear her. Inside her pussy, the pills were already dissolving, the effects rushing to her chest. Serena didn't wait to see if they were working, simply grabbing the next pair and pushing them inside. It wasn't long before the girl was really beginning to feel the constant penetrations.

Despite being unconscious, Emma, the girl, reached down with her hands to touch herself. Serena, being a fairy, erected a small barrier around the vaginal entrance to keep her from interfering. The fairy herself was beginning to heat up, to the point that she was constantly pausing to grope her G cup breasts. Her pussy was moist as well, beginning to soak through her panties now. She needed a way to pleasure herself without stopping.

The answer presented itself as Emma's fingers pulled back her skin to reveal her clit. Serena saw it quickly, eyes bulging from her skull. To a human, the nub was pretty large all things considered, but to her it was massive. And perfect for her needs. She spread the barrier further and rapidly packed the pills away into her pouch. Then she went about climbing the ever slicker mountain. She stood atop it, her breaths coming heavy now.

"Okay, Serena, just get it over with then we can have a little more fun later. Dani should be free later." She told herself, thinking of one of her many girlfriends. Fairies were far from monogamous, preferring to have several, even dozens of partners. She spread her legs far apart, framing the clit. Taking a deep breath, she lowered herself down, using magic to essentially magnetise her legs to Emma's skin. Eventually, she was poised just right.

Her panties laid discarded at the base of the mountainous pussy. Serena could feel her juices beading on her nether lips, her anticipation personified. With a little manoeuvring, her opening was hot, wet and the clit was trained on her orifice just right.

"On 3. 1, 2!" She yelped as Emma suddenly shifted, her hips moving just right to push her lust engorged clit into the fairy. The tiny lips stretched wider than ever before, accepting the bud inside. Despite the shock of it, Serena moaned as she adjusted to it. Her miniscule sounds were overwhelmed by Emma's, the human feeling pleasure unlike anything before. Too bad she wouldn't know about this, Serena thought, who else could say they fucked a fairy with their clit?

Once she had recovered at long last, she went about doing what she set out for that night. Reaching into her pouch, her body twisting slightly to shift the clit around inside of her, causing both of them to moan. Serena grabbed as many pills as she could in one hand. Thankfully, they weren't very thick, just wide. She managed to shove one after the other into her.

Emma's dreams were beginning to take a strange turn. While she never dreamed of what was considered normal things for a girl, ponies, rainbows, lollipops etc. the fact she was dreaming of a tiny human riding her clit of all things was beyond weird. And yet, she was enjoying herself. In her dream, the tiny person was somehow also making her boobs grow. Puberty had basically skipped Emma, but now this creature was helping her.

The sensations felt so real. Like they were actually happening. Her hands reached up to cup her chest, feeling her breasts slowly growing into decent handfuls. As they grew, she found them becoming more and more sensitive. If they continued would her nipples become as sensitive as her clit? She wondered, laughing in her dream. The pleasure was beginning to rise as well. More and more.

Serena could hardly focus. The human was beginning to move about in her sleep now, her hips bucking slightly, practically thrusting her clit in and out of the fairies stretched out cunt. The pills were forgotten, as Serena struggled not to lose control. She could feel a scream building, pleasure rising higher and higher. No, she told herself silently, that'll wake her up for sure. But it wasn't just herself that was beginning to struggle. Emma was moaning openly now.

Her body refused to obey her commands. Serena began bucking her hips against the human's, her pussy stretched to the breaking point and filled almost entirely, just a few millimetres shy of her cervix.

"Shit," The fairy gasped, "Can't... hold it..." Suddenly, the barrier around her broke down as her concentration slipped entirely. Emma's hand clasped around her, but it was more like a caress, her fingers touching the fairy's breasts and pressing into her hard nipples, "FUCK!" Serena cried, her pussy snapping down as the tension in her gut broke. Simultaneously, Emma voiced her own pleasure, both of them cumming.

As her orgasm washed over her, Emma finally awoke from her dream. For a while, she could only feel pleasure. The room was dark and her vision slightly blurry. When the sensations died down, she reached over with one hand to turn on the bedside lamp.

"Shit!" Came a tiny voice. Emma jumped, and only then noticed that she could feel something in her hand. It was soft and fleshy, like a finger almost. But it was misshapen, almost like it was a body. Confused, she sat up slightly and looked down, eyes bulging from her skull. There, attached to her crotch, was what appeared to be a tiny human being. They were distinctly female, if the large bust was any indication.

Serena stared at the human. Her eyes were wide, like a deer in the headlights. Gulping, she broke the silence that had built upon her discovery.

"Hi." She said. Were the situation a part of a silly comedy, Emma would have no doubt blacked out. Instead, she swallowed as if trying to digest the information presented to her. Carefully, as if she were holding a fragile work of art, she lifted the fairy and brought her to her chest.

"Wh-who are you?" She asked, voice small, barely a whisper. Despite knowing better, Serena answered. She must be a little crazed from the orgasm.

"I'm Serena, a... a fairy."

"Fairy?" Emma asked, incredulous. Serena pried herself away from the human's grip, taking care not to startle her, and spread her wings. They were like a dragonfly's, only with a rainbow of colours across the membrane with a more elegant feel to them. At a loss for words, Emma said the only word that came to mind, "Wow." Serena smiled, relaxing slightly.

Humans had discovered fairies before. Sometimes they were friendly and let them go, but others sought to try and use their magic for their own purposes. Thankfully, it seemed Emma was friendly.

"So, uh, what's a f-fairy doing in my room?" She asked.

"Well, it's the season of giving, so..." Serena said, looking down at the human's chest, where her flat bust had once sat. Now, in its place were two firm looking B cups. Not huge, but better than the AA cups she had barely sported before.

"Wow, thanks." Emma said, unable to think of anything better to say. She still couldn't believe an actual fairy was in front of her.

"And, uh... sorry about, y'know, riding you like that." The mythical creature said, blushing. For a moment, Emma blinked, unsure what she meant, before remembering her dream.

"Oh, that. D-don't worry about it. I, um, I guess I enjoyed it too." She admitted, both now flushed bright red. Eventually, Emma found her courage, "Could I ask you something?"

"I guess."

"Well, can you make my boobs even bigger? Like giant?"

Part 2:

"Yes." Serena replied, though her tone was questioning. 

"Um, well... I've got a weird fetish and well, that's part of it." Emma explained, her blush deepening even further.

"Don't worry, fairies aren't much better, trust me." She said with a comforting smile. Her worries were far from her mind at that moment, a sense of intrigue overwhelming her. She hadn't met many humans, and none in the last two centuries at that.

"Cool." Emma was growing more and more interested in her now.

"So, tell me about that fetish of yours. How big is giant?"

"Uh, well... How about I show you?" Emma pulled out her phone, quickly going to the internet and bringing up the images of her desire. One of which was .gif of a woman's boobs growing exponentially. Serena stared at the device in amazement. She had seen them from her world, but never up close. It was impressive to say the least. Not to say anything about the imagery on the screen.

"Okay." She said, taking it in.

"Is it weird?"

"No, no. I've got plenty of friends that have the same fetish, although they never want it for themselves." Serena explained.

"Oh, okay." Emma said, looking down, thinking it was a rejection.

"Not to say it can't be done." The human's face lit up like it was already Christmas morning. Though that wasn't for another week.

"So you can give me those?" She asked, pointing to the screen.

"Yes, with a little work." Suddenly, Emma's grin grew tight.

"Wait, you're agreeing to this way too easily. What're you getting in return?" Serena smirked at her.

"I get to piss off Santa."

"He's real?"

"Yeah, and a real dick. Doesn't like other fairies crossing over when it's 'his' season." She explained.

"Oh, that sucks." Emma said.

"But, screw that guy. He wants to sell gifts and cheer and goodwill to everyone. So, I'm going to give a little of that for free. Plus, his face will be priceless when he finds out." She said, grinning at the image in her head. Emma shared the expression, more than ready to believe that Santa Claus himself might be a corporate prick. It was hardly the biggest surprise that day.

"So you giving me giant boobs is your way at getting back at him?"

"Yep. A free gift at Christmas; he'll go insane."

"Win-win." Emma said, smiling broadly.

"But it'll take a while to get you to that size." Serena said, suddenly furrowing her brow as she ran through the calculations, "About 20 pills did that, so about 10 for an inch. I can get a few favours in, so..." Her grin returned in full force, "I'll need one week to get you that big. A little bit every night until Christmas day." Emma's eyes shone with delight.

"That's perfect." With that, Serena departed for her world. Santa was known the wiser, as far as she knew at least. Back in her home, she went about gathering everything together. If she was going to go through with granted Emma's wish, then she would need a lot of breast enlargement pills, far more than she had. A small chant later and a face appeared before her.

"Hi, Rumi."

"Huh? Oh, Serena. What's up?" The other fairy asked, stretching and pushing another person away.

"Am I interrupting?"

"No, no. Just Stacia pining for attention."

"Oh, okay. I was wondering if I could have your collection of breast pills." Serena asked, immediately bowing her head and holding her hands up in a begging motion.

"What for?" Rumi asked, raising an already arched eyebrow.

"Well, I met a human and," She added before the other fairy could interrupt, "She wants enormous breasts. I said I'd get them for her by Christmas day."

"Ignoring the human part, you do realise that Santa's out and about right?"

"Yeah." Silence hung for a moment.

"You're doing it to screw him over aren't you?"

"Yep." She answered with a grin.

"'Kay. The pills are yours. But if you're caught, I don't know you and you don't know me." Rumi said, staring her in the eye.

"Awesome, thanks, Rumi. I'll let you know how everything goes." Serena promised, hopping in the air with glee.

"You'd better." With that, a burst of light filled the room, before fading to reveal a pouch hovering before the fairy. The magical screen vanished, leaving Serena to her lonesome. She opened the pouch, reaching inside to make sure everything was in order. On the outside, it looked no larger than her fist, but, as humans had seen in several cartoon series, it was massive on the inside. Thankfully, magic allowed for fairies to get whatever they needed at any given time.

Serena could feel the legions of pills clicking together inside. She smirked to herself. Rumi always went overboard when stocking up, and this was no different. By her estimate there was at least three times the amount she needed for Emma. What if she wants to get even bigger than that? She thought, her mischievous grin widening. Humans are easily tempted after all and she doubted Emma would be particularly against the idea.

"Giant boobs, here I come." Serena said cheerfully and settled down to sleep for the night. Tomorrow, she would leave as soon as possible and return as late as she could. After all, she had much to do.
