 James was his name. Not Jim or Jimmy, Just James. To friends, enemies, lovers, haters: "James." 

He could have been a quarterback, at 6'3" with powerful muscles and eagle sharp eyes. He could have been a sailor, as his face showed a deep tan, and crinkles about his eyes. He could have been a lot of things, but he was only one: a spy.

Not a "Bond, James Bond" spy. Inwardly he cringed at those movies. James filled the need in a nasty world to have someone on your side who could out-nasty the bad guys; but keep it on a leash. Get in, get out, get the job done, usually with one or more dead guys left behind. 

Every month, the job increased in complexity. We developed facial recognition, they stole it. We built micro- cameras, the Chinese sold them to both sides. Now, worst of all, lots of 'them' were small dark skinned men, where James was hard to hide.

"Be damned if I see how, Major." The only other name James had was his rank, rarely used by anyone unofficial. "Al-Ba loo hides in a code name. We can track him sometimes, but the closest to the west he ever comes is Cairo, and that place has developed into the worst shit-storm in the world."

"Perhaps I can help," offered Perry, the Science officer for Project Blackout. "We have a formula that does some amazing stuff. It might help you rid us of the terrorist pig."

"So what's up?" asked James.

"Well, we know they'll be looking for someone your size on any route into Egypt. Frankly, there's no way to get you in. But what if you were already there?"

"If I was already there the job would be done. What kind of magic have you got?" Replied James with the voice of one who worked boots-on-the-ground talking to an ivory tower pencil neck.

"Ah, but what if you could enter invisibly and leave the same way?"

"Harry Potter has come to work for us, has he?" sneered the Major.

"No, he hasn't. But Silky has. Major, this is Lieutenant Rabbit, who both has and is the answer to your dreams."

"Major. Or should I say 'James'?" he turned to see a ravishing redhead, barely five feet tall, with eyes like green diamonds, much brighter than emeralds. She answered his dreams, alright, but he didn't share those kinds of dreams with anyone. Her face could have been made of porcelain, if porcelain came in breath-taking. The intelligence he saw challenged his own, and the number who fit on that list was less than a handful. 

She held out her perfect hand, and his suddenly oafish and clumsy fingers grasped hers as he struggled to find words, a deficit never previously encountered.

"You're going to make me invisible?" He managed.

"Not exactly, but nearly. I've been working with quantum compression; getting rid of the empty space in atoms. Shrinking things. We've gotten to the level we can shrivel a live creature to about a twelfth of its normal size for about 12 hours. I propose that I walk through customs with you hidden in a way they'll never think to look. Almost invisible."

"Squish me down to a cigar and stick me in your pocket? Women get a pass on pat-downs?"

"Er,ah, not exactly...." Her face crimsoned to almost match her hair. I think, well, the safest thing...is to put you.... in my.... vagina." Her voice dropped at the end so much he almost thought she said 'vagina.'

"I'm sorry, where?" He asked in honest confusion.

"My vagina, OK? I said it just like you heard it! In. My. Vagina. Right in the old crotch. A cat-carry. In my pussy. You got a problem with crawling in my snatch?"

The room stood silent for a few heartbeats, and then the Major, who never laughed, began to giggle so hard he could hardly catch his breath. "No," he finally gasped out. "I'd love to get in your panties."

There was paperwork, and final plans, and details to work out, but soon James found himself in the strangest situation of his long and strange career. He held the formula in his hand.

"You have to get naked now," Silky informed him. 

"Clothes aren't affected. You gotta go bareback." She smiled.

"You first."

"Me? I don't have to strip. I'm not taking the drugs."

"Look, honey, I gotta get undressed in front of you. I get that. And I read your medical report, so I'll be safe skin-to-skin with you. But we're about to get real personal, and if you get to look, so do I."

"My medical! You'll be safe! You bastard, I'm the one risking all kinds of STDs. I haven't fucked half the girls in Eastern Europe! I'm giving you a ride, not a peep show!"

"So how many girls have you slept with?" James slid back at her.

"Only three. Wait, what... that's none of your business. I'm not removing my clothes. Period......Which thankfully I'm not having, or this would get messy."

"Both of us strip or neither. This is your crazy idea. Probably just make me sick or kill me. You want to prove your ideas, drop the linen."

Silky rolled her eyes in a way that only years of training as a female with incredibly dense men could cultivate. She gave a shrug that would make a French man proud, and huffed "Oh. All right!!" through teeth clenched tighter than the Arab-Israeli border.

She quickly grasped the bottom of her blouse and pulled it over her head, shaking loose her cascade of shimmering scarlet hair. In almost the same motion she reached behind herself and slipped out of her bra, allowing her taunt breasts to bounce slightly with her movements. 

She hooked her thumbs into her slacks and slid pants and undies down in one move, stepping out of them as they fell. To James's amazement, she had an unshaven pubic thatch, and the carpet did match the curtains.

"Satisfied, Perv? Get a good look, and get your clothes off. And drink the damn formula!" This time her voice got louder with every syllable.

He followed her commands, though he turned away so she wouldn't have the satisfaction of seeing his penis grow as the rest of him shrank. In seconds he had the strangest perception, as everything around him began to enlarge. Silky seemed to swell until she looked down at him, and then faster and faster until she was a towering giantess and he only reached her ankles. Her red pilose juncture appeared to hover twenty feet off the floor.

Her hand reached down to him, and this time he griped her thumb with both hands. He stepped onto her palm, and she carefully lifted him to head height. He gripped her thumb tightly, the floor seemed leagues away.

"OK," she whispered, though it seemed to come from a loudspeaker. "Here's the string, in case they get real invasive. You're a tampon!" With that she lifted her right leg and steadied her foot on a chair. 

He watched with mixed horror, excitement, and a little sexuality, as she spread her labia with her left hand and slid him, feet first, into her waiting orifice. 

Like being in a wet sleeping bag, he thought to himself. Hidden behind some red shrubbery. With the most tantalizing musky odor. He felt himself harden against her soft tissue, and wondered if this counted as having sex. 

As she shifted her posture, he could feel her muscles move, and watched from his unique perspective as her panties rose to block his light. Granny panties, light cotton, for maximum anti-falling safety and breath-ability, as they had discussed.

He tied his safety rope, as he thought of it, around his torso. It was literally a tampon string, and served the purposes of one more piece of camouflage should customs inspect closely --really closely -- and also as a removal tool. No one had ever tried this before, and dying in her bits didn't appeal to him. 

Soon he learned the sensation of her walking and sitting. He didn't know what she felt, but he became a contortionist as her body flexed. 

He awoke with a start. Still in the warm, wet cave, darkly erotic. He knew where he was, and the gentle background vibration told him they were airborne. However, he had been pulled into her maw in a way that would have been delightful were he normal sized, but left him fearful of suffocation. 

He squirmed around and followed his rope to orient himself. Pushing with his legs, he pantomimed a sperm in reverse, working away from her cervix. In fact, he could rub one leg against the firm swelling that must in fact be that very object. 

He stepped on it, and pushed with his arm upraised, and was rewarded with a few strands of silken -- Silky -- rope, which would, he knew, in the light match her roseate crown. 

Grasping these strands he hauled himself to her introitus so he could breathe. He found himself as rigid as a fundamentalist's beliefs, perhaps from the smell, perhaps the warm slippery walls. He also couldn't prevent swallowing some of her secretions, covered with them as he was. 

At any rate, being in Silky's vagina turned him on tremendously. Unable to find a comfortable position, he finally began to frotteurize some of the soft skin folds that encased him. After only a few seconds of this he embarrassed himself by completely losing control and spewing his seed all over the wall. 

"Now I've cum inside her vagina. That must mean we've had sex." James thought to himself. "Though I guess she doesn't know it."

He felt the vibrations cease, and knew danger lay moments away. And he also knew a six inch tall man would be helpless if found. What would happen to his Silky -- oops, where did 'his' come from? -- at any rate, she would suffer greatly if they were discovered.

Pushing further inside, he fervently prayed his redheaded goddess had a workable plan. Now the issue became more of a not sliding out problem, as he traveled inverted while she walked through customs.

Two hours later, or an eternity as James experienced it, daylight flooded into his hideout as Silky stepped out of her panties. She tugged on his rope, and in a reenactment of his birth he slid into her waiting hand.

"That went well," she said. "They hardly looked at me. I'm obviously not native, but also not at all a six foot plus man. Which you're going to become in a few minutes. So are you always so squirmy?"

James stood on the floor arching his back to stare skyward at the rubicund hedges that had hidden him. Suddenly, she seemed to shrink before his eyes, and soon she looked upward towards him.

"That, little Silky, was a strange and wondrous ride. Has any man ever spent the entire day in your vagina before?"

"You, James, continue to believe that our intimate contact has sexual overtones....Oh, shit!" She rubbed her hand across her labia, brought it to her face, sniffed, licked tentatively, and shot him a disgusted look. "When you returned to normal size, so did all your cells, including the semen that is dripping from me now. I swear, give a man a ride and he thinks it's ok to shoot sperm in your pussy! Don't you think that's a little rude?" She glanced at his manhood. "And speaking of rude, Cyclops is gawking at me."

"Silky, I'm sorry, I've never done anything like that before; well of course not, no one has, but I mean you just smelled so incredible... Every time I look at you or smell you, or think about you, I, well, you see the results. But in all fairness, you are naked."

"So shut up already and fuck me like a normal sized man," she said as she slid under the sheets of the bed. "You don't think having something that big worming around inside me for hours affected me? I thought I would scream when you rubbed one out and I had to sit quietly."

James didn't wait for a second invitation, and slid his erection into a space that had held his entire body short moments before. They lost themselves in pleasure, and he learned that every sexual fantasy he had envisioned about her failed to live up to the reality. 

She rode him with wild abandon, clawing into his back, throwing herself in a dozen directions, slamming against him as if her loins were on fire. They may have been, he would not have noticed as all he felt was her; smoothness, tightness, wetness. This time he lasted long enough for her to scream against his shoulder as she shuddered in orgasm, but then he exploded so hard and so much he felt his prostate probably had inverted itself. 

As they rolled apart, spent, he thought he would have to be cautious as his pubic area now ached from the bruising punishment leashed upon it.

"I'm sure glad you have to complete the mission now. I'm so shot I could just....go.....to.....z.zzzzz." And Silky curled up and slept.

James took one last regretful look, and got up and quickly dressed. Silky's purse strap contained the garrote he needed, and before she woke he had stealthily snaked over a plastered wall into a secret compound, and proved himself as deadly as the Arabs had feared.

Silky came to as he dropped next to her, and she snuggled over against him. 

"Ready to get inside again?" she leered at him.