 Lady Alexis got onto her hands and knees on her bed. She wiggled her ass provocatively and arched her back, presenting said lovely little ass to Sidney Spence, her husband's manservant.

"Stick it in me Sidney" she told him, "stick it in really deeply."

The naked sixty-three year old knelt behind the naked twenty-two year old, held his cock to her dripping wet slit and pushed it home.

"Oh," She moaned as she felt him fill her, "Oh, that feels so nice."

Sidney took hold of her by her slender waist and began to thrust, pushing his penis inside her as far as it would go and then pulling it out until the tip was just caressing her labia.

"Mmmm," she purred, "I love the feeling when you slide it inside me."

"So do I my darling," he replied.

Sidney's thrusts got faster and shorter as he became more and aroused. Lexi pushed back against him as he thrust forward and before long they were both crying out in ecstacy as they approached their climaxes.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" She cried out as her insides boiled over, her vagina going into spasm.

"Uh!" Grunted Sidney as he shot his load deeply into her.

They stayed coupled for a while, not moving, savouring the feeling of being joined by their flesh.

"I hope it works this time," said Lexi, "it's been weeks."

"I wonder if it is me," said Sidney, "after all, I am rather old."

"Not to me, you're not, my love," said Lexi.

* * * * * * 

Sidney saw the postman cycling up the long gravel drive to the house and went out to meet him. He took the letters from the postman and went back indoors.

'A letter addressed to me?' He asked himself silently as he saw his name on the front of an envelope, 'no one ever writes to me.'

Sidney opened the envelope and read what was written on the piece of paper inside it. He frowned a frown of concern, folded the piece of paper up and put it in his pocket.

* * * * * *

Sidney got off the train at the little station in Frutton. He asked the porter for directions and headed off in the direction indicated. Within ten minutes he was knocking on the door of a small cottage.

"You came!" Cried the young woman who opened the door, "oh, thank you Sidney!"

The woman showed Sidney into the small sitting room in the cottage and they sat next to each other on the sofa.

"What is it Gladys?" Sidney asked her, "your letter sounded so desperate."

"I'm pregnant."

"Unplanned, I assume. Won't the father marry you?"

"He can't, he is already married."

"It's the Earl, isn't it?"

Gladys Biggs put her hand to her mouth, her eyes wide with shock.

"Don't worry," Sidney said, putting his hand on her knee, "no one else suspects."

"How did you find out?" Asked Gladys, once she had recovered the power of speech.

"I saw you with him in the summer house, months ago."

"Oh."

"Your secret is safe with me. When did he get you pregnant?"

"He had me on the night before he left for Austria. Oh Sidney, what am I to do?"

"I think I know of a way to make everybody happy," said Sidney, smiling at her.

* * * * *

"Lord Bartholomew and lady Alexis are going to Italy," Sidney told Rosie and Alexa one morning at breakfast.

"The Earl and Lady Stella are still in Austria," replied Rosie, "so it'll just be me and Alexa here then."

"I am not required to attend lord Bartholomew," said Sidney, "so I am staying here too."

"What about Gladys?" Asked Alexa.

"She will accompany lady Alexis, as usual."

"I wish I was going to Italy," mused Alexa.

* * * * * * 

"It's very quiet here," said Rosie a few days later, as she rolled some pastry out on the big kitchen table, "It will be nice when the Earl and her ladyship return."

"Yes," agreed Sidney, "it will be god for Alexa to have something to do, the devil makes work for idle hands."

"Yes, where is the girl? You had better go and find her before she gets up to mischief."

Sidney got up from the table and went off in search of the young housemaid.

* * * * * *

Sidney opened the door to Alexis' bedroom and looked in. He caught his breath when he saw who he thought was Alexis, his Lexi, standing in front of her full length mirror admiring her reflection.

'It can't be her,' he thought to himself, 'she will be in Italy by now. I must be seeing things.'

The creature he saw was wearing a full length evening gown of pure silk. She had piled her hair up on her head to look taller and had pulled elbow length gloves over her forearms to add to the effect. She posed alluringly and he could see her smile reflected in the mirror.

"Oh my!" She cried when she saw him reflected in the mirror.

"Alexa!" He cried when he realised who it was.

"I'm sorry," Alexa said, turning to look at Sidney, "I saw this gown and I just had to try it on."

"You look beautiful in it," he told her, "you look so much like her, you could be her sister."

"Her younger sister, she is three years older than me."

A plan began to form in Sidney's mind.

"How would you like to be her for a while?" He asked.

"Pardon?"

"Yes," said Sidney, stroking his chin, "you could easily pass for her, as long as we don't come across one of her close friends you would never be found out."

"Really? Do you think so? I would do anything to dress like she does and go to parties like she does."

"Anything?"

"Anything."

"Take that dress off then."

"So that is the price is it?"

"Yes, will you pay?"

"Yes," Alexa said as she started to pull the gloves from her forearms, "I will pay your price, Sidney Spence, but you had better make sure I get my reward."

"I will do my utmost to see that you do."

Alexa dropped the gloves on the floor. She slipped the shoulder straps of the dress over her shoulders and let it fall, revealing her breasts.

"I like the feeling of the silk next to my skin," she told Sidney, "that's why I haven't anything on underneath."

Sidney stared at her firm young breasts, the nipples standing erect where they had been rubbed by the soft material of the dress, and sighed.

"Do you like them?" she asked him, looking down at her breasts and then back up at him.

"Yes," he said softly, "I like them very much."

"Would you like to put your lips around my nipples and suck on them?"

Sidney did not bother to reply, he merely went to her, leaned down and took her left teat in his mouth.

"Oh Sidney!" She cried in mock horror, "what are you doing?"

Sidney suckled for a few seconds and then transferred his attention to her right teat.

"Mmmmm," she murmured as she felt the tip of his tongue flick at her erect nipple, "that feels nice."

Sidney took hold of the dress and pulled it down. She wiggled her hips to help the soft material slide over her hips and down her legs until it formed a puddle of silk around her feet. She let out a moan of pleasure as she felt Sidney's fingers find her slit and wriggle their way inside her.

"You are beautiful," he said as he took his mouth from her tit, took a step back and looked at her naked body, "you are just like her."

"Get undressed then," she said as she retreated to the bed, "and collect your payment in advance."

Sidney stripped off while Alexa climbed onto Alexis' bed, lay down on her back and opened her legs.

"Shall I get myself ready for you?" She asked as she put her fingers to her sex and began to rub herself.

"No," replied Sidney, shaking his head, "I want to do it."

Alexa took her hand away from her vagina and lay with her arms spread wide. Sidney climbed onto the bed, leaned down between her legs and pushed his face onto her soft blonde pubic bush.

"That tickles!" She giggled as she felt the tip of his tongue flick up and down on her labia.

Sidney prised her outer lips apart and pushed his tongue inside her.

"Ooooooh," she moaned softly as she felt his tongue make contact with her clitoris.

She relaxed and let him work on her with his lips and tongue, nibbling and licking, making her wet, making her legs twitch.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! OH FUUUCKKKK!" She shouted as she experienced a series of strong contractions.

"Nice?" Asked Sidney as he surfaced from between her shaking thighs, her ejaculate dripping from his chin.

"Wonderful," she replied in a very satisfied voice.

Sidney positioned his body over hers and lowered himself gently. They both let out little gasps as his stiff cock penetrated her hot wet cunt.

"Come on then, old man," she told him, "let's see if you can still perform."

Sidney silenced her taunt by kissing her forcefully on her mouth while he thrust his cock forcefully in and out of her body. He fucked her hard and fast, not building up speed but giving her all he had right from the outset.

"Yes,yes,yes,yes, fuck me," she urged him as he took his mouth from hers, "harder, harder."

Sidney gave it to her as roughly as he could manage, his old body straining as he pumped his loins as fast as he was able.

"Oooooh! Sidney! OH YES!" She shouted as she experienced a second orgasm.

"Oh Lexi!" He cried out as he ejaculated inside her, squirting jets of sticky cum into her body.

"You called me Lexi," she said to him as they lay side by side on the bed, recovering from their exertions, "I quite like that. It can be my pet name. When I am the lady Alexis I shall get my friends to call me that."

"What a good idea," agreed Sidney.

* * * * * * * 

"That was amazing!" Said Sidney as he awoke and sat up on the table.

"There's something wrong!" Shouted Morag from outside of the box, "put her helmet back on, quickly!"

Rufus was removing Lexi's headgear when Morag had shouted at him and he replaced it immediately.

"What is it?" Asked Sidney, "what's happening?"

He followed Rufus out of the box to where Morag was looking at the monitors. She had a worried expression on her face.

"We have a situation Rufus," she said to the scientist, "things don't look good."