 A fantasy series I am creating, hoping for it to contain a lot more story based aspects rather than just smut, hope everyone enjoys the first instalment!

Chapter I - Screams

"Adia!" I hear a voice cry out "Adia! Come quick!" I hear it cry out again. 

I rub the sleep from my eyes and grumble. As I pull myself from the realm of sleep the tolling of a bell begins sounding off in the distance, growing ever closer. Sefare bursts through my chamber door, desperately trying to buckle her own armour. 

"You must come, they are here."

I toss the sheets from the bed, running to the window I throw the stain glassed panels open. Screams ring out in the courtyard as warriors usher civilians into the castle for refuge. On the horizon, thick smoke, black as night plumes into the sky, blotting out the afternoon sun. Fuck! We were meant to have another week to prepare. I turn back to Sefare. 

"Gather the knights and have them escort the queen to the throne room. We must rally the troops, assemble them outside the portcullis and be prepared to ride out."

She nods to acknowledge, rushing from the room. I strip down out of my night gown and begin slipping into something more appropriate for war. In my leathers and cloth, I whip my belt around my waist, fumbling with the buckle as the sword jiggles around. Servants and warriors scramble about the corridors, I push past them, marching for the throne room. The large, ornate doors are already open. Lords and ladies are swirling around one another, mindless panic and babbling as the queen tries to put their minds to rest. 

I draw my sword and clatter it against a shield on the wall. Everyone jumps out of their skin and turns. 

"Silence!" I scream, my voice echoing around the room.

The queen breathes a sigh of relief. The lords and ladies make a path as I move for the throne. I take a knee at the feet of the queen, looking up, she gestures for me to rise. 

"Lords and ladies of the court, please let us not panic prematurely. They are yet to reach our walls." Their eyes dart around, looking to one another. "Now, if you will return to your chambers, further instruction will arrive, until then, remain calm."

They all grumble, shuffling out from the room. The soldiers at the door close it behind them. The queen plants her head into her hands, letting out another sigh. She fixes her posture and looks to me.

"How bad is it Adia?"

She may have fooled the lords, but I see the fear growing in those familiar eyes. 

"I have scouts riding out. They should return within the hour m'lady." 

"Is this Bal'Garach?" 

"It is too early to say - but I too fear it may be. Our forces are assembling outside the main gate, ready to move on your order."

"I do not want to meet these forces head on, if they are what we suspect. No, I want the remaining villages to be evacuated and brought behind the safety of these walls."

"Understood."

I bow once more, before gesturing for my knights to follow. I gather them at the portcullis. The day brings with it blue skies. A cool air breathes in from the open plains. 

"Sefare, you will come with me to Highfront. Orella, you will go with Aelina to Windvale. Ezabell and Lilian, you will ride out to Lakebury. Hurry the people from their homes, they must travel light, so that your return may be swift." Everyone nods in agreement. "Take a company of men with you each. May the gods bring us all back." 

Each of these women I trusted with my life. Their beautiful, toned bodies were all hidden under the plate armour they wore. We have all fought together, we have all bedded with one another. Our bond is strong. The other knights disappear. Sefare stands at my side.

"Ready the horses and the men."

"At once." 

She darts off. I return to the castle. Servants dress me in my plate armour. It shines when hit with the morning sun. Intricate etchings of my previous battles tell a story across the shoulders and chest. The servants are nervous, their fingers tremble as they clasp my buckles and tighten straps. My curvy figure hides inside the steel, suppressed by my armour. I return to the courtyard, finding Sefare ready with my horse.

Even now, her caramel brown skin gleams. She allows a small smile to crease her laughter lines. A servant kneels, interlocking his hands, giving me step up so that my first foot locks into the stirrup. I heave my trailing leg over, adjusting in the saddle so that I am comfier. We trot out under the portcullis. The others have left, leaving a single company of men, all of them mounted. 

"Men! We ride for Highfront. I know you have seen the smoke, heard the whispers, but fear not, for you ride with me!"

The men explode in a tremendous uproar. I whip the reins and the horse breaks into a gallop, Sefare by my side and a hundred men at my back. The road is long, but we make good time. The sun is dipping behind the horizon as we reach Highfront, its wooden battlements stand out amongst the green of its surrounding. The black smoke still a strong symbol in the evening sky. We approach the gates. A guard yells out for them to be opened. We are greeted by the captain of the guard. Sefare rides beside me, staying on her horse. I dismount, my armour clanking as I hit the cobbled street. 

"What brings you to Highfront, Knight Adia?" 

The Captain is old, a well-kept beard and a noticeable scar running down his neck, undoubtably continuing across his chest. People begin to gather, looking at me and the men at my back. 

"May we speak to Lord Gyffard - in private." I lean in and mutter, so as not to arouse concern amongst the locals close to us. 

He looks to Sefare, then back to me. 

"Absolutely. Follow me."

He clears a path for us through the growing crowd. Sefare dismounts and our horses are left with some guards at the gate. The cobbled street is long, straight as an arrow, before it twists and winds up a hill to the small castle sat atop. Everyone we passed widened their eyes, most of them never seeing a knight before. Stories of us had made their way into the world. 

The lord sits in his throne, a wooden, highbacked chair with ornate carvings meandering up either side. 

"We welcome the knights of our Queen, but may I ask, why have you come?"

Sefare and I both take a knee then rise. I step forward. 

"You have seen the black smoke, no?"

"Of course, hard to miss. I figured was mere raiders testing their luck."

"If only Lord Grffard. It appears this may be the work of Bal'Garach." 

The eyes of the soldiers around the room begin to dart to one another nervously. The Lord adjusts himself in his throne, uncomforted by that name.

"The Queen has sent us to evacuate the town immediately. The people must travel light, taking only what they need, I would advise you similarly." 

"I cannot just abandon the town, the homes, the livelihoods my people have built here."

"This town can be rebuilt, its people however - homes can sacrificed, people cannot." He takes a moment, scratching at his beard. "I plead, we must leave immediately." 

The Lord stands, taking the steps down. 

"Then let it be so. Captain gather the people, I must address them directly. Ready a carriage for my wife and children."

"Myself and my men will provide aid."

"Very well."

We exit the room, twisting and turning down corridors until we are greeted by a sky soaked in blood red. Everyone halts. Bewildered, mouths agape, by the sheer magnificence of the sky. Sefare looks to me. This is the calm before the storm. This has all but confirmed the great demon has risen and brings with him a great army, for one purpose he fights, for the spilling of blood. I put a hand out, ushering the Lord to move faster. 

We stand in the middle of the town, hundreds have been gathered, more and more find their way in. He addresses his people, they listen intently. Their curiosity replaced with concern and confusion. The conscious of the people turns to anger as the Lord fails to answer the unanswerable. 'Why?' As the peaceful conversation turns to shouting, I take the stand. People silence as I slam my gauntlet down onto the table. 

"You see the red sky. You have seen the black smoke. These are all signs, they all point to one thing. War. It comes this way. The Queen has declared that everyone evacuates to the safety of the castle."

"Who comes, bringing war with them?" A single man steps forward and shouts. 

I bite my tongue, scanning the sea of faces that look to me for answers. 

"Bal'Garach. His legions come. We must leave, grab only what you need, we must travel light."

That name need only be spoken. People disperse, desperately scrambling to their homes. My soldiers fan out, assisting people stacking their belongings onto carts and horses. 

"Sefare will ride with your family ma' Lord. You will ride with me at the head of the column." 

He nods, stepping down from the platform. He armours himself, delicately explaining to his kids why they must leave. His wife, a beautiful young elven woman wears concern on her face like a mask. I check with the soldiers, people are almost ready to leave. I ride to head of the column and we begin our journey. 

With all these civilians, our pace is slowed. The town is behind us, barely. Snaked out behind me a rabble of people, young and old. I constantly eye the surroundings, expecting to be ambushed. We are lucky in some regard, for Highfront is in the opposite direction to Ironband, the town where the smoke emanated from. I had butterflies in my stomach, nerves gripped the reins tighter. Hopefully the scouts would have returned, so to the rest of my knights and the towns. 

The night envelops the day. A red hue lights us. Stars nowhere in the sky. A thick blanket of cloud hides us. We must move through the night, even with the tired and wearied among us. An eerie mist surrounds our feet. I gave up my horse to a mother and her child, similarly the Lord offered his to an old woman. 

"These will be dark times if this is indeed Bal'Garach." The lord mutters. 

"Within the safety of the capital, we all have hope."

He nods and agrees. 

"How have the other towns faired?"

"We will know once we have returned. My knights and I rode out this morn just passed. I do pray for their safe return."

"I shall too."

In the early hours of the morning, we crest a hill, even in the dim night and early morning glow, the city shines bright, a beacon to the land. I see, from the east, a similar column of soldiers and farmers marching towards the city. Tall walls and taller towers stick out from the ground. The moat's water sloshes around with the heavy wind sweeping in from the north. People's faces light up as they see safety within reach. As I watch people pass, offering a friendly smile, people retort with their gratitude. 

A scream shatters the morning quiet. It comes from where we came. I point to a group of soldiers, gesturing for them to follow me. I draw my sword and we charge down the road. People begin to run, terror drives their legs. I clatter and glance off people as they hurry for the city. The Lords carriage has stopped, Sefare has dismounted and is bravely defending the door as this stark red creature sends a barrage of sword wings her way. Other, similar creatures scuttle over the roof, looking for other ways in. Soldiers stand by her side, fighting their own battles. The dead litter the road, blood running thick into the dirt and grass. 

I scream out, barrelling forward. I bury my blade into the side of the demon. It reels in pain, screaming and lashing out. I push it to the ground, Sefare steps in, jabbing her sword into the monster's skull. The life drains from its eyes, and the struggling stops.

"Men, form up around the carriage!" I bark. 

They begin circling the carriage, fending off the attacks of the demons. 

"They must be scouts." I huff to Sefare.

"The main force will be close behind, we must be quick to bring this fight to an end."

"Agreed."

I duck and dodge under an incoming attack, finding my way into the demon's guard. I drive my sword up and through his skull. Blood splatters my armour and face. Swiftly, as the body drops, I retreat, before another comes my way. I parry, each blow is hard, filled with rage. I side step, the demons serrated blade buries itself into the dirt. I bring my sword up and around, before decapitating the vile aberration. 

Another scream rings out, piercing like a dagger. I turn, seeing the Lords daughter scrambling from the carriage. The soldiers had met gruesome ends, disembowelled and dismembered. The carriage shook violently, pleas and groans echoed out. Sefare grabs the daughter and pulls her behind her, bringing up her guard. 

I quickly move to the carriage door, wood splintered from where it had been torn off. I peer inside and am met with a devilish sight. The demon, horns scraping against the roof, has the young elvish woman bent over, her hands clawing at the leather of the seats. Her dress is torn, revealing a light and fair skin. One hand is wrapped up in her hair, the other grizzly, clawed red hand is wrapped around her waist. His tongue hangs out, salvia lathering up the insides of the carriage. His monstrous, red throbbing member is vigorously ploughing the woman. 

She is begging for it to stop, to let up. The demon continues its ravishing of the young woman. I dive in, tearing myself from the restraints of shock. I plunge my sword into the demon's chest. Blood spurts out, it squeals and recoils, falling out the opposite door. The elvish woman sighs heavily and slumps into the seat, heavy breathes push her chest against the cold leather. Her erect nipples push through the thin silk and tears in the dress. 

"We must go m'lady." I sheath my sword and hold out a hand. 

"Uhhhh fuck."

Her mind is lost, for now. I grab her wrists, pulling her into my arms. As I awkwardly manoeuvre from the carriage a large, meaty hand grabs at my hair and yanks me back. I drop the Lords wife, wincing and screaming out in pain, hands trying to fight it off. I am thrown into the dirt. It all happened at speed, I was unable to draw my sword. A demon bears down on me. I see now its gargantuan member swinging between its legs. It pins my one hand down, ready to bury its blade in my chest. It stops, leans in close, and sniffs. A guttural screech follows, it slams the sword into the ground before its claws start to tug away at my armour. As I struggle and fight against it, I notice the cock harden between its legs, throbbing and pulsating in excitement. 

This will not be my end. I drive my gauntleted fist into its abdomen, salvia flies from its mouth and splatters against my face. The demon seems disinterested. With my one hand pinned there is little I can do. I wrap my hand around its horned face as a long, wet tongue crawls out of its maw and begins running itself across my skin. I squint and try to move my face away. The tongue finds its way to my lips, flicking across them. I purse them, hard, but it pokes through, dancing across my own tongue. I squeal in disgust. 

The tongue explores my mouth and pushes deeper, forcing its way down my throat. My eyes widen as I struggle to push tis head back. I cough and gag heavily, water streaming from my eyes as this demon invades my body. Still clawing at my armour, it manages to hook its talon around the top of my chest plate, yanking it from my body, the buckles snap. The large, monstrous hand begins to grope at the chainmail, squeezing my large tits in the palm of its hand. My body involuntarily spasms as the demon's wet tongue pushes deeper and deeper, exploring my insides. 

Pre-cum drips from the large cock and slaps against my armour. In the background, I watch on in horror, through the tears in my eyes, a demon railing the elf. Both hands wrapped around her waist, pulling her down hard onto his cock. Her arms flail about, she isn't fighting back. Low, weak moans leak out form her lips. I watch her lower stomach bulge as the monster pushes his cock all the way in. Other gather around, waiting for their turn on the young buxom woman.

My vision begins to haze, the tongue has stopped me from breathing, I feel my arms weaken, my struggle lessened. Before I give out a long, pointy blade skewers the demon. I feel the tongue inside me go limp, its hold on me gone. I push it off me, desperately pulling the tongue my inside me. My jaw ached and my insides convulsed. I coughed and spluttered, drawing in deep breathes. Sefare stretches out her hand and hoists me to my feet. More soldiers charge down to our aid. 

"Go with the daughter." Sefare instructs. 

I pull the daughter close under my arm, draw my sword and occasionally look over my shoulder. I climb the hill, the daughter whimpering at my side. Soldiers stand either side of us as we reappear at the top of the hill.