 "I can't come out to play on Friday," Lexi told Sidney at lunch on Tuesday, "Leonard has assigned me a new client who wants a meeting at his house on Friday afternoon, and it's in the middle of nowhere in Wales."

"Ah, that will be Professor Katz," said Sidney, "he doesn't like to leave his laboratory more than he can help it. I know, why don't I come with you?"

"Oh would you daddy?"

"Yes. We can find a nice hotel to stay in."

After a nice lunch at Casa Sophia on Friday, Sidney drove Lexi off towards Wales in his Rolls-Royce.

"Tell me about Professor Katz," Lexi said to Sidney as they left Barstow.

"Eccentric. Obsessed with inventing things, things that never seem to work. Income from royalties on a couple of patents from the eighties. Single, but has a devoted house-keeper who has been with him for many years."

"Sounds interesting," said Lexi as she reached across from the passenger seat and gave Sidney's lap a gentle squeeze.

"What are you doing baby?" He asked in mock horror, "not whilst I am driving, surely?"

"Concentrate on the road," she replied as she leaned over, reached out with her other hand, took hold of his zipper and wriggled it down.

Sidney wriggled in his seat a little to help Lexi to undo his trousers, pull his underpants down a bit and pull his stiffening cock out. He let out a sigh as she wrapped her slender fingers around the shaft and began to gently rub up and down.

"Is that nice, daddy?" She asked.

"Yes."

Lexi pulled back his foreskin and rubbed her finger tips over his glans, spreading the clear liquid that was oozing from the little hole in the end all over it.

"Do you like me doing this?"

"Yes."

Sidney gulped as he felt his young lover squeeze his glans and begin to work her hand up and down over it. He gripped the steering wheel tightly and looked straight ahead as he felt her hand move more and more quickly.

"Are you nearly there yet?" She asked in a little girl voice.

"Uuuuuh!" Grunted Sidney in reply as he shot off his load.

Lexi looked across to see several thick white ropes of cum spew out of Sidney's cock, land on his shirt and run slowly down, back to his exposed pubic hair.

"Oh daddy, what a mess you have made!" She said in a surprised tone, "I was not expecting so much!"

"Behave yourself Lexi," Sidney laughed in reply, "you know how you always empty me, you dirty little bitch."

Lexi snickered back at him, took her hand away and licked off the few dribbles of cum that hand run down it.

"I shall have to return the favour later," Sidney told her as he continued to drive.

"I shall look forward to that," she replied.

 * * * * * * * *

"There it is," Sidney said as he pulled into the drive of a large scruffy-looking country house.

"Impressive," said Lexi.

"Yes, but falling down. He really cannot afford to keep it going, as his accounts will testify."

Sidney parked the Rolls in front of the house and took a few seconds to put his clothing back in order. He got out of the car, went round to the passenger side and opened the door for Lexi. He took her hand and she slid out of the car.

"Are you the accountants?" Asked a woman who came out of the front door of the house and walked towards them.

"Hello," called Sidney, "yes, I am Sidney Spence and this is my colleague Alexis Radford. You must be Morag."

"Yes I am," the woman replied, "come in, Rufus is in his study waiting for you."

Morag was in her late forties, tall and strong, she had long black hair which she had piled on her head and secured with a large comb at the back. She was what might be called a handsome woman, one who had been beautiful when younger.

"This is a nice house," said Lexi, looking around as she and Sidney followed Morag through the large hallway.

"It needs work," Morag replied peremptorily.

Morag opened a door and ushered them through. Inside the room a man was sitting at a desk. As soon as he saw them he stood up and put out his hand.

"Come in," he said, "Sidney! How nice to see you! I did not expect a partner to call on me."

"Rufus," said Sidney, walking to the desk and reaching across to shake the professor's hand, "it's been a long time."

"Who is this?" Rufus asked, looking at Lexi.

"This is Alexis, she is your accountant."

"Call me Lexi," Lexi told Rufus as she held her hand out to be shaken.

"I have all my paperwork ready for you to inspect," Rufus told her, "shall we make a start?"

"Good idea," put in Sidney, "I shall go and make us some coffees. Where is the kitchen?"

"Just follow your nose," replied Rufus.

Sidney left Lexi and Rufus to ponder the accounts and made his way along the corridor. Rufus had been right, Sidney merely had to follow the wonderful smell of cooking to find the large, light and airy kitchen where Morag was preparing a meal.

"May I use your kitchen to make some coffees?" He asked.

"No," Morag replied, "sit down at the table, I shall do it."

Sidney sat and watched Morag prepare the drinks. He looked her over and decided that he liked what he saw, her hips were full but not too large, her legs were long and her bust was ample. She had a face which once was very, very pretty, and was still attractive.

"Are you romantically involved with Rufus?" Sidney asked her.

"Do you think I would be here if I didn't love the silly old sod?" She asked by way of reply.

"He must be twenty years older then you, doesn't that bother you?"

"She must be forty years younger than you, but you are together."

"Is it that obvious?"

"The spunk stains on your shirt are a clue. I assume she gave you a wank while you drove here."

Sidney felt himself blush.

 * * * * * * *

Morag carried the tray of coffees into Rufus' study, followed by a slightly embarrassed Sidney. She put the tray down and distributed the drinks. She took one herself and sat in an armchair to one side of the room. Sidney went round the desk and looked over Lexi's shoulder at what she was doing.

"You can't continue in this vein much longer Professor," she told Rufus, "you will have to sell this house and move somewhere smaller."

"This house has been in my family for generations," Rufus replied, "my life's work has been conducted here. It would be the end of me."

"What about the box?" Asked Morag from her chair, "let them try the box. If it works it will be the saving of us."

"But if it doesn't?" Asked Rufus.

"Nothing ventured, nothing gained," replied Morag.

"Tell us about it," said Lexi, her curiosity piqued.

 * * * * * *

It was more of a case than a box. It was about a three metre cube and completely transparent. Inside were two examination tables and lots of wires which lead out of the box to monitors on a bench which stood beside it.

"What does it do?" Asked Sidney.

"It's a sort of dream machine," said Morag, "Rufus came up with the idea that dreams can be shared."

"We can share experiences with our loved ones when we are conscious," said Rufus, "but how much fun it would be if we could share our dreams."

"Dreams can be a bit random," said Lexi.

"They can also be very realistic," said Rufus, "I have been working on using electrical impulses to try and steady brain activity, to keep the subject on the level as it were."

"So you have tried it before," said Sidney.

"Only on guinea pigs," put in Morag.

"But they came to no harm," said Rufus.

"If this box thing works," said Lexi, "it would be the best entertainment device since I don't know when."

 * * * * * *

Sidney and Lexi lay on the tables, side by side. They wore hospital gowns. Rufus put a helmet on each of their heads and connected wires to their skin with sticky patches.

"Now," he said to them, "turn to look at each other and hold hands."

Sidney turned his head to his left and looked into his young love's eyes. She looked at him and held out her hand for him to take.

"Ready?" Rufus asked as Sidney took Lexi's hand in his.

They both nodded in reply.

"Open the gas valve," Rufus told Morag once he had left the box and closed the air tight door.

The box was flooded with a grey smoke. The two subjects lay still. After a minute or so the smoke cleared. The two subjects looked to be asleep. The monitors on the bench flickered into life.

"Brain activity," said Rufus, "they are starting to dream."

 * * * * * * * 

"Alexis," said Leonard Bingham to one of the senior accountants at LKJ, "may I introduce Sidney Spence. He has been placed with us two days a week as part of his course."

"Hello Sidney," said Alexis, holding out her hand in greeting, "pleased to meet you."

The eighteen year old accountancy trainee looked at the woman and felt butterflies in his stomach, she was lovely.

"P-pleased to meet you too," he stuttered as he took her warm soft hand in his and shook it gently.

"Come and meet the rest of the crew," said Leonard, putting his arm around Sidney's shoulder and leading him away.

'What a handsome young man,' Alexis thought to herself as she walked the other way along the corridor to her office.

* * * * * * * *

"How are you enjoying your time with us?" Alexis asked Sidney a few weeks later when they met in the staff rest room.

"I like it a lot," he replied enthusiastically.

"Good," she said as she picked up her coffee and walked out of the room.

Sidney watched her as she walked away, her slim, firm ass rolling gently in her black pencil skirt, her stiletto heels clicking on the hard floor.

"Careful," said Debbie, the office manager, "if she sees you looking at her like that she might slap you."

"I didn't mean to," said Sidney blushing.

Debbie laughed, picked up her sandwiches and left the room. Alexis smiled to herself as she walked along the corridor, she had heard what they had said.

 * * * * * * * * 

"Can you work late this evening?" Alexis asked Sidney one day a few weeks later, "I have quite a lot to do and could use a little help. It would be good experience for you."

"I would like that," he replied.

"Good. Get us some coffee and come to my office."

Sidney carried the drinks into Alexis' office and put them on her desk. She stood up from her desk, walked round it and stood near him.

"Do you think I am attractive?" She asked.

"Y-yes, very attractive," he replied.

"Do you know how old I am?"

"N-no."

"I'm forty-five, that's twenty-seven years older than you."

"I don't care."

"Would you like to fuck me?"

Sidney could not reply, his throat was too dry.

"Christ!" Shouted Rufus, "Sidney's brain activity has gone through the roof!"

"There's something happening with Lexi too," replied Morag.

"Bloody hell, look!" Cried Rufus.

Morag looked into the box to see Sidney's gown raised above his body where his erection was holding it up like a tent.

"Oh my," giggled Morag.

Alexis unbuttoned Sidney's shirt, put her hands inside it and rubbed his smooth young chest. Sidney moaned softly as the mature beauty standing in front of him started to plant little kisses on his cheeks, eyes, lips.

"Have you ever kissed a girl's pussy?" Alexis asked him.

"N-no." he answered.

"Would you like to?"

"Yes."

Alexis stood back from Sidney and took off her clothes. Sidney did the same but without taking his eyes from her. He reveled in watching as more of her body was exposed to his gaze. He had never seen anything so beautiful as this woman.

"Shall we turn it off?" Asked Rufus, "I'm not sure his heart can take this."

"No," smiled Morag, "let her have him."

Alexis pulled her chair around from behind her desk, sat on it and opened her legs. Sidney's eyes widened as he saw her lovely blonde bush and her outer lips. He got on his knees in front of her and put his face to her snatch. She gasped with pleasure as she felt his tongue make contact with her flesh.

"Wow!" Said Morag, "she's off!"

Alexis tutored Sidney on how to use his tongue on her. She writhed around as he flicked her clitoris with his tongue and lapped up the copious amount of juice she generated.

"Oh Sidney! Oh Sidney! OH FUUUCCKKKKK!" She cried as he brought her to a shuddering climax.

"MY GOD!" Shouted Morag, "dopamine overload!"

The monitor made a screeching sound and they could see Lexi twitching and convulsing on the table.

"I think she has just had an orgasm," said Rufus, in the tone of a neutral observer.

Morag could feel her panties getting wet.

"Do you have any condoms?" Alexis asked Sidney.

"No," he replied.

"Then I shall just suck you off."

Alexis got off the chair and knelt on the floor. Sidney stood up in front of her. She opened her mouth and put it around his stiff penis. He let out a moan of pleasure as she closed her lips around his glans and began to suck gently whilst rubbing the shaft with her fingers.

"It's happening for him now," said Rufus as he watched the monitor.

Alexis sucked a little more and worked her fingers faster. Sidney's hips started to thrust involuntarily as he approached the end. She turned her eyes up to him and he looked down at her with gratitude as he began to ejaculate his huge young load.

"And there he goes," said Rufus as the monitor screeched and a large dark damp patch appeared on Sidney's gown.

"Can I be your boyfriend?" Sidney asked Alexis as she stood up, wiping the last drop of his spunk from her lips.

"Perhaps," she replied.

 * * * * * * *

"My God," said Lexi later that evening, "that was incredible."

She and Sidney had each described their dream and found that hey had indeed had a shared experience.

"So you were the young one and she the older one," said Morag, "did you like that?"

"More than you can imagine," replied Sidney.

"I was a bit worried about your heart at one stage," Rufus told Sidney.

"But what a way to go!" Laughed Sidney.