 "Rachael, what do you wanna do tonight?" I asked my girlfriend, who was too distracted by her sketchpad and the music blaring in her headset to hear me. I loved seeing her like this, so enthralled by doing what she truly loved, Artwork. Her head was bobbing back and forth slightly to the rhythm of the music, making her long fiery red hair sway. I tapped her shoulder. She shot me a quick glance before removing her headphones and placing them around her neck. She sat up and turned to face me. 

"Hey babe, what's up?"

"What movie do you want to watch tonight?" I asked again, grinning at her. I'm truly the luckiest man alive. She's by far the most beautiful girl he's ever met. The way she looks up at you with those golden brown eyes like you're the most important thing in the world to her.

"I dunno, maybe that new horror movie, the one with the possessed doll?" she said. This is another thing I love about her, she loves horror movies just as much as I do. I guess you could say it's scary how much we actually have in common.

"Okay, I'll get the movie started," I told her. "Come join me on the couch when you're ready."

"Okay babe." she turned back to her sketch, adding a few touches here and there. 

I made my way to the couch in the living room and sat down. I grabbed the remote and turned on the television. It flashed on blue before taking me to the usual movie selection screen. After a minute or so of searching, I found the movie she wanted. Almost at just the right moment, I saw her making her way over to the couch next to me. She sat down and rested her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her. I couldn't quite explain it but with her next to me like this, I felt butterflies in my stomach. Not that she never makes me feel this way, but I've never felt it like this before. I brushed it off. I love her, what more is there to say? A few moments later, the movie began.

**********

An hour into the movie and I could hear soft sleepy breaths of my girlfriend so close to my ear. I glanced over and sure enough, she'd fallen asleep. She looked beautiful like this, so peaceful. That tired feeling had affected me as well. I wouldn't be able to sleep, however, because I could feel my pants growing tighter. Why was I so aroused right now? Perhaps it was her warmth pressed against me in such a way that it was almost sensual? I was unsure. The one thing I was sure of though, is that I wanted her. I felt bad for wanting to wake her up, but I know just how to do it that she would enjoy as much as myself.

My hand crept down to a warm spot between her thighs and gave it a gentle rub- and jumped up off the couch instantly, letting out a noise as I felt something rub me down there as well. The rubbing was the strangest sensation I had ever felt. It was right between my thighs, where my pussy would be if I had one. The sensation was similar to how stroking my dick felt, only it was slightly stronger and in an unfamiliar place. 

"What's wrong, Brad?" she looked up at me with a concerned look, her eyes slightly closed as she had previously been resting. 

"I don't really know how to explain it," I started. "I think I felt what your pussy felt when I rubbed it. I don't know how or why it happened-"

"Wait, you rubbed me?" she glared at me. A smile began to form on her lips, on evil sneer. "But I never got a chance to rub myself for you."

She reached down between her legs and gave it a few gentle strokes. My body began to tingle with pleasure, radiating from between my legs as I felt invisible fingers stroke my non-existent pussy lips. I saw her pull her hand away. At the very instance she did this the rubbing stopped.

"What is happening?" I said breathlessly, feeling the bulge in my pants grow.

"I don't know, but this can be so much fun." she winked at me, biting her lip. She lowered her hand again. I managed to stop her before she started rubbing again.

"Wait! Before you go again I want to see if it affects you the same way it did me."

"Okay, go ahead." she replied, slightly parting her legs.

I unzipped my pants and pulled my now rock hard and pulsing cock out from my boxers. I gave it a couple familiar strokes, feeling the pleasure build. I looked over at Rachael and noticed she was biting her lower lip and unintentionally thrusting her hips with every stroke I gave.

"Ok-k-k-ay you can s-t-t-top now, babe." she stuttered breathlessly as she would if she was close to climax. I let go and let my cock hang for a second before placing it back in my pants.

"How did that feel, baby?" I asked, smirking.

"It felt ... strange. Really nice and not as good as it feels when I do it, but it felt really good." she explained, her body motions, as well as a strange pulsing sensation coming from my non-existent pussy, were telling me she was very turned on by what was happening to us.

"I just wonder how sex is going to feel with this." I suggested...