 I thought I would try and 'flesh out' some of the characters in my story by giving them their own background chapters.

*

Sidney Spence was introduced to Alexis Radford by Leonard Bingham on the day she started working at LKJ accountants.

"Sidney," Leonard said to him as he entered the building one Monday morning, "I would like you to meet our latest recruit. This is Alexis, but she likes to be called Lexi."

Sidney looked at the young woman standing next to Leonard and smiled. "Hello Lexi," he said to her, offering his hand, "I am Sidney Spence, one of the senior partners."

Lexi took his hand and shook it gently, "I am pleased to meet you Mr. Spence, I am grateful for being given the chance to work for you."

"Please, call me Sidney."

Sidney and Lexi's paths did not cross for some time after that, she was mentored by Sarah Lewis and was kept very busy, but Sidney saw her and she noticed the way he stole glances at her. Sidney was a widower and had been alone for four years, at sixty-two he had resigned himself to being alone for the rest of his life, but the attractive blonde twenty-one year old intrigued him, she engendered feelings in him he had not felt since his lovely Susan had been alive.

One morning Lexi knocked gently on his office door and went in.

"I have some correspondence from Guy Bertram," she told him, "Sarah thinks you should look at it."

As the Bertram's principal accountant, Sidney oversaw the work done for them, but was looking to pass the account to Sarah in the near future.

"Thank you Lexi," he said, putting his hand out to take the letters from her, "I shall take a look and give her my opinion."

As Lexi passed the papers to him, Sidney moved his hand a little bit forward and touched her hand. He smiled at her as he felt her soft young skin brush his and she smiled back.

"How are you enjoying working here?" He asked her.

"I am learning a lot, " she answered, "but I think I could learn a lot more, given the right guidance."

"How so?"

"Perhaps if I was taken under the wing of a senior partner, I might become invaluable to the firm."

As she spoke, Lexi came around Sidney's desk, leaned over him and kissed him gently on the cheek.

"I've seen you looking at me," she whispered into his ear, "you want me, don't you."

Sidney let out a little sigh, "you have no idea how much."

"Perhaps you should ask me out."

With that, Lexi straightened up and walked out of Sidney's office. He watched the roll of her pert little ass, cocooned in her black pencil skirt, as she went on her way.

Sidney spent the rest of the day trying to work, but finding his thoughts always going back to his beautiful junior. He finally took the plunge and texted her. She agreed to go to dinner with him on the Friday evening.

"There's a Rolls-Royce just pulled up outside," Lexi's flat-mate said to her at eight on Friday evening, "that isn't your date, is it?"

"I don't know," Lexi replied, butterflies arriving in her tummy, "it could be."

A minute later the door bell rang. Lexi picked up her handbag and went to the door. She opened the door to see Sidney dressed in a charcoal grey suit, his hair impeccable as always, a nice smile on his face.

"Hello," she said to him, "you look quite formal, am I dressed o.k.?"

Sidney looked at her, she was wearing a dark blue short-sleeved dress which came to just above the knee with matching flat shoes. She had not made her eyes up other than a little bit of eye-liner and her lipstick was a pale pink. The overall impression was that she looked younger than she really was, several years younger.

"You are perfect," he whispered, "absolutely perfect."

Sidney held the passenger door open and Lexi slid onto the leather seat of the car. Sidney closed the door gently and walked around to the driver's side.

"Are you hungry?" He asked her.

"Mmmm, ravenous," she replied.

The restaurant was French and expensive. The food was cordon bleu and delicious. The Champagne was Veuve Clicquot. The conversation was light and friendly.

"This has been a real treat," Lexi said to Sidney as she wiped her mouth with her napkin, "you have been so much fun to be with."

"You're very kind," Sidney said to Lexi, "I have not been out with a young lady for a long time, it has been lovely."

Sidney drove Lexi back to her flat.

"Would you like to come in?" She asked him.

"Are you sure?" He asked her.

She smiled at him and nodded. Sidney turned the motor off and they got out of the car.

Lexi let them into her flat and checked to see if her flat-mate was at home, she was out. Lexi showed Sidney to her room.

"It's not much, but it will do for now," she told him as he looked around.

"It seems very nice to me," he replied.

"Would you like to sit down?"

Sidney sat on the bed and Lexi sat on his lap. She looked into his eyes and stroked his cheek with her slender fingers. He looked at her with longing.

"Would you like to undress me?" She asked in a little girl voice.

Sidney had to clear his throat before he could answer. "Yes, I would very much like to do that," he croaked.

They both stood up, Lexi turned her back to him and Sidney pulled down the zip on her dress. He pulled the material off of her shoulders and down her arms, she took hold of the sleeves and pulled her arms out of them. Sidney leaned over her and planted little kisses on her shoulders.

"Ooh, that's nice," she told him, "baby likes that."

Butterflies appeared in Sidney's stomach at the sound of her words and he rubbed his hands up and down her arms as he kissed her.

"Undo baby's bra, daddy," she said softly.

Sidney's cock stiffened at the sound of her words and he undid her bra and pulled the straps off of her shoulders. Lexi pulled her bra off and dropped it on the floor. Sidney kissed the back of her neck as he wriggled her dress down over her slim hips. Lexi wiggled her legs and her dress fell to the floor, leaving her in just her panties and her shoes. She turned, sat on the bed and lifted her left foot.

"Take my shoe off, daddy."

Sidney knelt in front of her and looked at her, he felt his heart beat faster as he took in the sight of the beautiful young woman sitting in front of him. She had flawless skin, smooth legs, slender arms, a lovely flat tummy and the most beautiful pert little breasts he had ever seen.

"Come on daddy," Lexi said to him, wiggling her foot at him and smiling, "take my shoe off."

Sidney came out of his reverie and slipped Lexi's shoe off. He took her smooth, finely boned foot in his hand and lifted it to his mouth. He opened his mouth and put it around her big toe, then he started to suck her toe.

"Oh daddy," she whispered, "that feels so nice."

Sidney sucked each toe in turn and then moved to her right foot, repeating what he had done to her left.

"Daddy is making baby wet," she moaned softly, "baby wants daddy inside her."

Sidney stood up and removed his jacket. Lexi stared at him as he unbuttoned his shirt. Sidney crouched down, unlaced his shoes and pulled them off. Next he removed his socks She smiled at him as he pulled his trousers and underpants down, allowing his stiff cock to stand out from his body, ready for action.

Lexi wriggled her body further up the bed, taking hold of her dark blue panties and pulling them down as she did so.

"God, you are divine," Sidney told her as he took in the sight of her neat blonde bush.

"There are condoms in my bedside cabinet," she told him.

"I am safe," he told her, "I've had the operation."

"Put him in me then," she purred, "I want to feel him inside me."

Sidney lowered himself between her outspread legs and slipped his pre-cum coated cock inside her sopping wet cunt.

"Oh daddy!" She exclaimed as she felt his cock fill her tight snatch.

"Oh baby!" He exclaimed as he felt her hot flesh envelope him.

Sidney thrust slowly, savouring every second that he spent in her. He drew himself all the way out and pushed himself all the way in, his balls touching her ass at the end of each stroke.

"Oh daddy, that feels so lovely, baby likes daddy doing this to her," she told him.

Sidney did not reply, he just grunted and kept fucking.

Lexi wrapped her legs around his body and used her heels to spur him on. Sidney got the message and increased the speed of his thrusts.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!" cried Lexi as she approached her climax.

"Oh God," muttered Sidney as he felt his seed rising.

"OH FUUUUUUUUCKKKK!" Shouted Lexi as she came, her heels banging on Sidney's back, her fists pounding the bed.

"Ungh!" was the sound that came from Sidney's lips as he deposited a load of scalding hot creamy spunk in Lexi's cunt.

Sidney got up from her and sat on the bed next to her, his cock sagging as it lost it's stiffness.

"Baby liked that," she said to him, "did daddy like that too?"

"Oh yes, yes he did."

Sidney got up to put his clothed back on.

"What is it you want Lexi?" He asked her.

"I want to be treasured," she replied.

"Shall I stay?"

"If you want to."

Sidney stayed.