 This part is a wild ride for all involved. I was not sure whether I wanted the story to go where it ended, so I let it sit for months after writing it. But here is it is in its original state. So let me know what you think.

*****

Chapter 8.

I rolled off of Carrie and just lay next to her, she was breathing very heavy as she rolled to her side.

The girls in the hall sprawled out to get their own relaxation after being so close and cramped.

The next morning...

As I lay there next to Carrie I was caressing her hands softly.

"Carrie where's your ring?" I said in a scared tone.

"It's over on the night stand." Carrie said and I let out a sigh of relief.

She quickly sat up in bed looking at me in horror. She got out of bed in a flash and was on the floor next to the night stand looking around. Then she was looking under the bed and all around on the floor. She jumped up and started looking on the dresser. 

"Oh NO!" She said sacred. "It's not here... I don't know where it is Chad?" She continued in frightened tone with sacred to death look on her face.

Suddenly we heard an extremely loud female voice scream, it was like a horror movie scream coming from outside my room. It sounded like someone was in severe pain.

Carrie turned around and then she seemly did a high hurdle track jump over the entire bed and sprinted out the door toward my sister's room. As I got in the hall she was already in my sister's room. I was mesmerized by her athleticism as I ran after her. How she managed to run that far in a split second I have no idea. Her ability to jump and run was why she was the number one cheerleader in the state I surmised. Her massively powerful legs were able to propel her so high and so fast to leap over objects in a single bound and sprint in nothing flat. Suddenly my mind wondered back to my sister's antics of saying Carrie got a double dose of some of her parts.

"Oh My Gaud!" Carrie screamed as she entered my sister's room. I stood there in shock as I saw smoke seemly coming up from the floor. Alisha was laying on the floor passed out. As I looked around the room I saw empty snack bags and half empty liquor bottles. They both just recently turned 21 and evidently were having a girl's night of fun.

"Get it off her!" Carrie screamed.

"I can't it's too hot to touch, its burning MY fingers!" Alexa shouted.

"Here let me try," Carrie said quickly getting down on her hands and knees next to Alisha's hand.

Carrie yanked the ring off Alisha's finger and it went flinging across the floor.

It stopped in front of my sister's night stand and was smoldering.

"Oh My Gaud!" Alexa screamed, "That ring is possessed!"

"It's not possessed," Carrie said calmly, "it's mine," She continued as she reached down and picked it up.

She walked over to me and reached out to hand me the ring.

"Nooooo!" I said in a fright, "I'm not touching that thing."

"Chad honey; you have to place it back on my finger," Carrie said with enthusiasm. "See it's OK it's not hot anymore. Go on my Knight; place it back on your maiden's Ring finger, Please." Carrie said pleading.

I was looking at the back of her hand as she cupped the ring ready to drop it into my hand. 

"Come on... Sir Chad... of Robertson... my Knight in shining armor." Carrie said with a sultry look on her face.

I was still not moving as I looked into her eyes. I was shaking my head back and forth as I looked down at her and I could see her amazing green goddess eyes dancing back and forth inquisitively.

"Come on now Chad, It's Okay, see I'm holding it." Carrie said nonchalantly.

She reached up and grabbed my hand and forced the ring into it.

"See it's not hot. Okay; Now place it... back on my ring finger, my Knight." Carrie said with purpose.

I slowly placed the ring on her finger while staring into her eyes. She leaned up and kissed me on the side of my face while whispering "Thank you" into my ear.

"I think I need to take Alisha to the doctor?" Alexa said.

"You have to call her mom, Alexa, and I don't know what you're going to tell her this time?" Carrie said unsure.

Alisha was stirring now.

"Oh my Gaud! my hand, my hand, what happened to my hand." Alisha screamed out.

I could now see a glow coming from the Ancient Prophecy Manual.

"What is that?" I said quickly. 

"It's writing something again." Alexa said as she walked over toward it.

We all looked at each other scared, too scared to open the manual and read what we thought it might say about Alisha.

Suddenly our attention was forced again to Alisha who was holding her left hand in her right hand and was moaning in severe pain as she lay in a fetal position sideways on the floor.

"We have to take her to the hospital!" Alexa barked as she moved over to Alisha.

"No!" Carrie shouted then she looked over at the book.

"If they find out she burned her hand on that ring; all sorts of questions will arise; and the ring will be confiscated; never to return; and the prophecy will die with us." Carrie continued.

Alisha was rocking back in forth on the floor as her eyes fluttered and she was beginning to lose consciousness.

"We have to do something; what if her mother finds out about this?" Alexa said in a panic.

Carrie then moved over directly in front of the book as Alexa and I looked on in horror. Carrie slowly tentatively reached out to open the book. We could see the page she was opening was smoldering. Carrie began reading the words in her mind; we could see her finger tracing as she read. Next Carrie looked over her shoulder at Alisha then back to the book and was reading it again; she studied the words for a while tracing with her finger back and forth and seemed to be whispering to herself as she read it.  

Carrie then turned around, walked over to Alisha and slowly kneeled down. She looked at Alisha face in sympathy. 

Alisha's focus changed from her hand and she was now panic stricken as she was looking up at Carrie's face in horror. Next Carrie changed her focus and was now looking at Alisha's hand. Carrie ever so slowly reached out toward Alisha's burnt hand. 

"NOOOOOOOOOOO!" Alisha screamed, "Don't kill me please!" Alisha said pleading for her life.

Carrie shook her head back and forth as she maintained concentration.

Alisha closed her eyes thinking her fate was death as she started cowering and blubbering on the floor.

Carrie looked down at Alisha's hand and pried Alisha's right hand fingers off her burnt ring finger.

"NOOOOOOOOOOO!" Alisha screamed again, "Please, I beg you, I'll do anything; anything, Please."

Alisha was now shaking in severe panic as she lay on the floor. Her eyes were closed so tight and she was breathing very heavily and was delirious as she awaited her fate of death.

Carrie grasped hold of Alisha's finger and held it in her hand tightly, then looked up to the ceiling as she closed her eyes. The prophecy manual started glowing and vibrating on the dresser as Carrie chanted words in Latin.

"Haec... misera... anima... sanandum," (heal this wretched soul) Carrie spoke each Latin word very slowly.

"feminam... dimittitur," (female is forgiven) Carrie continued slowly in Latin.

"facere plagis evanescunt" (make her wounds disappear) Carrie finally said.

Carrie let go of Alisha's finger and slowly lay down on her side next to Alisha as she passed out. 

Alisha was out of it at this point; her eyes were upturned in her head as she lay sprawled out and we thought she was dead by some magical spell that Carrie cast on her.

Alexa and I just stared into each other's eyes and held each other tight. We mortified to move in our panic stricken state at what was going on; thinking Carrie was possessed and had just killed Alisha as we watched in horror. I had no idea what she was saying, speaking some un-comprehensible nonsense it seemed to me. "A death chant," I thought as she summoned the Evil Spirits from some higher place to strike down Alisha dead in her tracks. I thought Carrie was dead as well since she was not moving.

Alexa and I still holding each other slowly backed out of the room into the hall.

"What the hell just happened in there?" I quietly asked Alexa.

Alexa looked at me in disbelief not uttering a sound and shaking her head.

"Are they dead?" I said quietly.

Alexa just shrugged her shoulders still staring at me in shock.

Then we heard someone inhale sharply as though they were taking a deep breath of life.

Alexa moved toward her bedroom door and I grabbed her in an instant before she peeked back in. I spun her around and grabbed her by both her biceps. I was shaking my head back and forth quickly pleading with her not to go back in. 

Suddenly I could see a shadow behind Alisha and heard someone staggering to door from inside the bedroom. I pulled Alexa toward me and swung her around in front of me, then pushed her down the hall as I yelled "RUN!"

As I turning to chase after Alexa, I could see Carrie slowly hobbling out the door. Her eyes were crazed and her hair was messed up in her face and she looked like she had been in a fight or something.

"Aut quo vadis militis mei" (Where are you going my knight?) Carrie said softly in Latin.

"Run for your life!" I screamed to Alexa, "We're next!"

We raced down the hall and flung ourselves into my room then I grabbed the door slammed it shut. I was fumbling with the lock trying in vain to lock it. I could hear Carrie stumbling down the hall moaning using the walls to support herself, the sounds was getting closer by the second. I could not get the lock to budge since I had never locked the door as far as I could remember.

As I saw Carries shadow under the door just as I managed to get the lock unstuck, then twisted it fully and force it into position. I was breathing a sigh of relief as I laid my back against the closed door.

"Aperi" (open the door) Carrie said, and I jumped away from the door further into my room. Alexa flew into my arms for protection and I held her tight.

"What is that she's saying?" I whispered to Alexa.

"I don't know," Alexa said in a fright.

"Aperi!" (open the door) Carrie repeated, but this time she had her face against the door while talking into the door jam.

"Wait... maybe... it... sounds like? Lat... in? I think she took Latin; in school." Alexa said as she looked at me in shock.

"Latin?" I said in total disbelief.

"Go away!" we both shouted.

Carrie started banging on the door now and wiggling the door knob.

"Aperi!" (open the door) Carrie chanted over and over while banging.

Both my sister and I were panic stricken at this point.

Then Carrie slowly stopped chanting and banging died down softer and softer.

It seemed to be dead quiet for a long while. I slowly lay down on my bed being so tired from the frightening experience. Alexa started yawning and she slowly climbed on my bed on the other side. 

End of Chapter 8.

Chapter 9.

My sister and I fell asleep next to each other in my bed at some point during the night.

Early the next morning:

As I was stirring, eyes still closed, I moved slightly and felt something holding onto my dick. I had a raging piss Hardon and it was being held by someone's hand. What woke me up was my sister seemly having a dream about her old high school Jock boyfriend.

"Oh Jason," I heard her whisper.

"Jaaaa... son," I heard her repeat barely discernable. She was talking in her sleep.

"Uh-mmm." I heard her moaning now. 

"Oh Jason you are sooooo massive." Alexa said in a surprised tone as she slept.

She now slowly moved herself and started humping the side of my leg while still holding my dick captive. She was moving herself more and more on top of my leg. I could feel her heat and wetness as well. She was now moaning in a steady tone and was evident that she was getting more worked up in her wet dream as she humped me a little faster.

"Alexa," I whispered.

This only made her get more intense in her moaning and humping.

"Alexa," I whispered again but did not want her to stop since it felt so good. Having a piss Hardon makes my dick Rock hard and horrendous, and the sensitivity is greatly amplified.

"Jay," She said.

Next she jumped up on top of me in the cowgirl position as she held my Hardon to her. Her eyes were closed as she ground herself onto my lower dick and the head must have reached up to above her navel since I could feel it brush the bottom of her tits as she gyrated. My sister had long legs but a smaller torso than Carrie. Alexa was also much lighter than Carrie who was solid muscle.

Alexa was really animated now as she held me to her seemly twerking herself on me.

"So massive Jay," She said as I stared at her and sensed her nearing an orgasm. Her breathing was very intense as she gyrated on top of me. 

"Oh Fuck me Jay," She said quickly.

Next she moved both hands to press my dick into her vortex and mons pubis. Her pubic bush was trimmed into a landing strip that was thick and furry and felt super soft. It felt amazing on the back of my dick and balls as she held me to her. My dick head would move up between her tits as she was in the downward move. She was changing hand positions to maximize her pleasure and she was pressing firmly on the front side of my rock hard dick; holding it to her hot, sweaty body.

"Alexa," I said louder.

"Uh-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm; Arrggg." She moaned out as she tilted her head back far and then froze stiff. She was undulating her pelvis on me very forcefully as she maximized her pleasure while her orgasm wracked through her entire body. She then shook and I felt her gush a lot of juice as she flung her eyes open, staring at me in disbelief while sharply inhaling her breath.

She looked down at my massive Hardon that she held tightly in her hands.

"Oh shit; your sooo fucking huge!" She said quietly as she wrapped both her tiny hands around my dick and started jerking me off.

"Stop Alexa; right this minute; what the hell are you doing?" I said loudly.

She would not let go and seemed to be possessed by my massive dick as she starred down at it with wanton lust. 

"Oh my GAUD; you are; sooooooo huge!" She exclaimed looking down at it disbelief, then she looked back up into my eyes.

We both stared into each other eyes as she was now in control of my pleasure. She could see the expression change on my face as I saw hers change to one of total lust and she started pumping me harder. She forced one hand down backwards to my lower pelvis making an "O" with her thumb and index finger around my lower dick shaft. As she forced her hand down into my pelvis she was squeezing the base of my penis hard with her thumb and index finger. Then she eased up and repeated with that hand. Next she moved her other hand down to just below the fattest part mid shaft and pulled up on my dick forcing more blood into it. She did this several times as she forced her lower hand down squeezing, then pulled up with the other hand seemly to make my dick longer. She was pinching off the blood supply and my dick began to swell, it forced so much blood into my dick it swelled very massive and the veins were budging as it turned bright red. The feeling was absolutely incredible since I had to pee and she managed to engorge my cock full of so much blood. My pecker head was never more massive as I starred in disbelief at it between her tits.

She put her top hand around my dick head squeezing it sideways opening my pee hole wide open. She slowly forced her head and neck down then she spit a huge wad on my dick head and into my pee hole. She started looking up at me and then with the tip of her very long tongue she flicked it inside the pee hole. She was now tongue fucking my pee hole. This feeling was unbelievable and while doing it she managed to stare into my eyes. The sensitivity by now was off the charts since she was such an expert and I was needing to pee so bad. I inhaled sharply and closed my eyes. 

She stopped flicking her tongue and she leaned over sideways a bit on one leg, then reached her hand down and slid several fingers into her vagina. She started fucking herself furiously with a few fingers. I could hear her vagina was sloshing pussy juice as she did this. She slowly pulled her pussy juice soaked fingers out and cupped her hand to not let any juice drip off. Then sat back down on me and wrapped those slimy fingers tightly around my dick head. She was massaging my dick head expertly with my precum and her vagina juice, combined with her tongue slobber. She slowly looked up directly into my eyes as she leaned forward and she said "Cum on me." She was now holding my dick captive tightly against her torso. My dick head was between her ample tits and her small hands were squeezing her tits around my dick as she humped herself up and down against my dick. Her face was so sexy and I could feel her hair tangled around my dick and felt her hot breathe as she breathed on me while she was hyperventilating. "Cum on me, Chhhaaaad!" She whispered as she nodded. "Cum on me." She repeated over and over. 

My mind was a whirl as I stared at my now super sexy sister humping on me with total abandon.

I was so close to cuming and was trying to hold back. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something different. Then I opened my eyes and she moved her face inches from to my face. 

"I want to make your big fat ba... nan... ah ... Cum on me, Chhhaaaad-Dick!" She said with so much lust. 

She stuck her tongue hard into my pee hole and before I knew what was happening I felt my dick pumping. Nothing was coming out as she squeezed hard on my lower shaft and held her tongue in place. But then she let go with her lower hand and the force was overwhelming as it blasted forth like a garden hose. The first spurt snaked up her tongue and splashed into her mouth. She made a "Humff" sound as she choked and moved her head back, then I started spewing cum out crazily.

"Oh my Gaud!" She screeched while massaging and holding my dick to her. She was looking down at the spurts shooting up, eyes wide open as she held my dick against her sternum and bottom of her tits. She had a content look on her face as she power stroked my raging Hardon making more cum continue to fly out all over her and me.

When I finally stopped cuming and fell back limp, I was totally exhausted, and she was looking down at her cum soaked hands and stomach.

"Holy Fuck Batman," She whispered. "Holy fuck!" She exclaimed as she put her cum covered fingers on her stomach smearing my sticky cum around her lower torso, stomach, sternum and over her tits. 

"Whoa my God Chad!" She exclaimed as she looked deep into my eyes again. 

She was now looking at my dick lying on my stomach as cum was still oozing out of it and she put her sticky hands on my lower sides.

"That is ONE fucking... huuuugggge... amount of cum; you made my brother." She said with a lustful look on her face staring back into my eyes.

"I, I, I, want... you... to... FUCK... ME." She said in a barely discernable voice as she was lifting herself up to get into position. I just looked at her in total astonishment shaking my head back and forth. She was nodding yes and completely serious as she gently placed her hands under my dick; raising it up to her vortex. "So fucking heavy." She said as she looked into my eyes. Next she leaned forward as she tried to lift herself high enough. 

"NOOOO! We cannot be doing this, Alexa; NO! Stop! I'm going to hurt you if you do not stop this instant." I begged.

Suddenly we heard a noise at the door. 

"Get Off me," I said to Alexa and shoved her off to the side. "And grab my t-shirt to clean yourself up." I whispered as I glanced at the door hoping Carrie did not see her best friend; my own sister; with my cum covering her entire torso. I climbed off the bed and found my boxers then wiped myself clean of hers and mine combined sex juices. We both throw the sticky cloths into the hamper.
