 9:00 Friday Night

The pain raced behind her eyeballs like lightening bolts dancing across the sky. Each flash was brilliant in its presence and ever so immobilizing. Gritting her molars, Natasha tried to ignore the pain and the gathering thunderclouds in the sky as she half-halfheartedly reaches the medicine cabinet hoping for relief. Her reflection in the mirror made her looks a ghost of herself. Her wavy cinnamon hair that normally curled around her narrow shoulders looked stringy and yarn like, her almond shaped eyes that normally had a mischievous gleam to them looked like the fires had been doused. Cherry lips were cracked and pealing like the paint on a forgotten red barn. The freckles on her pale face only made her look more sickly and pale then the healthy girl next-door looks she usually sported on a daily basis. Of course the huge gray flannel nightshirt that brushed the top of her knees did nothing to help her looks any. 

The bathroom was in decorated in black and white. Black and white checkered tiles danced across the bathroom floor while the stringent white wall sported black and white photographs of Ansel Adams prints. White shower curtain hung against the white claw foot bath tub, a black sash held it to the side to reveal the black and white sponges in hanging off of the silver faucet. Red fluffy towels hung on the silver towel rods. The red towels were the only sign of color in the other wise color less bathroom. 

Leaning against the sink, she opened the white bathroom cabinet, there are two white bottles sitting on a shelf, her tooth paste and tooth brush set on another and her room mate, Kevin's tooth brush and paste sat on another one along with floss and deodorant. The bottom shelf was normally reserved for medicine, but both Kevin and Natasha weren't all that often sick, so there was normally very little to be seen there. Without hesitating, Natasha popped open the childproof lid, shook two pills out of the bottle and tossed them into the cavern of her mouth. Turning on the right facet all the way on to cold, she bent down in front of the sink and scooped the running water into her mouth to wash the pills down. Turning off the water off, she straightened and stood up. Wiping her hands dry on one of her red towels, she stumbled her way out of the bathroom, flipping the light switch off as she went. 

Natasha made her way down the hall and into her bed room, the light in her bed room was off, and with the pain in her head not yet ceasing, she didn't bother turning it on to navigate to her bed. Another lightening bolt of pain behind her eyes caused her to almost stumble into one of the corners of her oak four-poster bed. Taking a moment to pull the nightgown off over the top of her head, she crawled underneath the hunter green damask comforter and spring green sheets. Natasha never slept in her nightgown, but only wore it for the sake of modesty for Kevin. She had been living with Kevin for four years now. Originally they had started out as two broke college kids trying to make it against the cruel world and now it was more habit and comfort that they still lived together. After taking small breathes, she cautiously leaned back onto her feather pillows and tried to think of anything other then the pain that was skating around her every waking a moment. On the far side of the apartment a door opened and shut. The sounds of the lock clicking into place echoed through out the silent apartment. Tightening her eye lids she tried to block out the noise that seemed to echo in her mind.

Slow and steady footsteps could be heard walking down the hallway. Soft taps on the Natasha's door frame made her pry her eyes. Kevin was leaning against the door frame. His lean body blocked the light from the outside hallway. His sandy blond hair fell into his face as if he had been running his long fingers through it all day at the office. Kevin worked in some research facility that dealt with the chambers of the mind and subconscious. Most of his mumbo jumbo was lost on Natasha whenever he felt the need to talk about work, much like when ever she talked about her job at the studio was lost on him, but in their differences they were able to still enjoy the simple things in life. 

"You okay, Tish?" asked Kevin, his voice low and colored with concern. He used the same nickname he had given her back in their first year of college, telling her that the name Natasha reminded him Rocky and Bullwinkle.

"Migraine, just took stuff." Mumbled Natasha, her vocal cords refusing to enunciate. The pulsating feeling behind her eyes made every word leaving her lips feel like a lead brick was being placed on her head.

"Okay, I will try to keep it quiet," says Kevin quietly as he turns and shut the door, making her room completely dark. Natasha closed her eyes in the darkness and tried to find her happy place while she waited for the drugs to kick in. 

Two hours later

Kevin sat on their over stuffed green couch. His long lean legs were crossed and resting on the coffee table. The living room some what resembled a jungle with all the plants and the bookshelf held a large variety of books, several of them on dream sequencing and the psyche of the mind. A television sat in the armoire in the corner. Kevin was reading the latest Robert Rankin book and enjoying a nice chilled glass of white wine when the sound of faint growling caught his attention. Setting his wine glass and book down upon the coffee table, he stood up and stretched. The sound of growling echoed through the apartment again. Knowing that there was a no pet's lease, he walked down the hall to check on Natasha. 

Kevin clicked on the lights to her bedroom out of habit. Natasha's eyes popped open. Her brown eyes were wide and dilated. They peered up at him questioningly.

"You okay, Tish?"

A growling sound began to emit from her throat. The type of sound that a cat makes when defending they are warning a rival off their territory. 

"Tish?" asked Kevin again. Not to sure what a growl was suppose to mean. 

More growling came from the depth of covers. The covers on the bed slid around her slender body as she struggled into a crouching position. Kevin tried not to take note of how naked Natasha was while she was acting odd. It was hard not to think about all the skin that was showing and the lower anatomy of Kevin had become painfully aware of how much skin was showing and was tenting up against Kevin's slacks. Ignoring the boner in favor of friendship had been something that Kevin had been use to doing for the past several years of living with her, so he didn't pay any attention to it now. 

"Did you want me to get you a glass of water or something," asked Kevin softly, trying to find any reason possible to leave the room, knowing that in the morning she would be mortified about showing that much skin. 

With out warning, Natasha leaped from the bed and onto the floor. Crawling on all floors, she continued to make territorial cat noises Slowly she advanced upon Kevin. Her brown long hair covered the tops of her breasts and you bent position left nothing in view but the long expanse of her back and the angle of her firm buttocks. The primal male in Kevin couldn't help but admire the curvature of Natasha's derriere as she crawled towards him across the plush green carpet. Backing up slowly as Natasha continued her forward crawl he felt his back against the hallway wall. The throaty growl continued to come from Natasha's throat. 

"Tish, your naked, you might want to go back to bed," said Kevin a little shakily. It wasn't every day that your nun of a roommate decided to get naked and stalk you into the hall while making animal sounds.

The words barely left his mouth before she leaped and pounced again at him, slamming his body against the hall wall hard. The print of Ansel Adams Rose on Wood dug into his spine as Natasha started to hiss and claw at him as if he was a marauding male cat upon her territory. Natasha's nails scratched at him and cut open his cheek. Kevin could feel blood beginning to dribble down his cheek. Not wanting to hurt Natasha, but not wanting to continue to be beaten, he lightly tries to shove Natasha away from him. This further angers him and her hands swipe at him even more. Drawing more blood as her fingernails catch him on the cheek again. 

Getting tired of being hurt, he shoves her a little harder causing her to loser her balance, taking this moment of reprieve he leaps down the hall into his room, shutting his bed room door as quickly as he could. A large thud is heard again the door two seconds after he shut it. Leaning his back against the door, he feels her ram against it. And then sit there and howl at the door. The howling continues for the next hour until it almost sounds like her vocal cords get tired and give up on her. Not believing for a second that this is over, Kevin makes him self-comfortable against the door. After a little bit he begins to fall asleep.

9:30 Saturday Morning

Natasha sat at the breakfast table eating her grapefruit when Kevin entered the room. He looked at her for a good three seconds before walking over to the freshly percolated coffee pot and poured him self a large mug. Adding cream and sugar to his dark Colombian roast, he leaned against the kitchen counter and looked at Natasha over the rim. Clearing his throat loudly, Natasha looked at him.

"Do you remember anything of last night?" asked Kevin politely.

"I had a migraine. I took the stuff in the cabinet, had a weird dream about being cat and then I woke up this morning in the curled up in the middle of my bed, why?" said Natasha.

"Just wondering, I tried to be quiet," say Kevin not answering her question. Natasha shrugged her shoulder and went back to her grapefruit. Kevin picked up his coffee and strolled back to his bedroom. On a whim he stopped by the bathroom and opened up the bathroom cabinet. 

There were two white bottles in the bathroom cabinet. The first one he had brought how for a controlled experiment in lucid dreaming and the other was a bottle of Advil. Knowing that there should be 6 pills in the experimental pill bottle he opened up to count the pills. Removing the lid, he chuckled after he counted the pills.

Walking back to his bedroom, he booted up his computer and started a word document. Document was titled Specimen A. 

Day 1825, Specimen A seems to have discovered the experiment LucidoX by accident. Results where mixed. He paused a moment to marvel at the memory of the beauty of Natasha's backside. Will continue recording side effect at a later day. One notable side effect is lucid memory loss. Kevin recalled how she didn't seem to notice anything different in the morning. Will continue will experiments and hope for more conclusive results at a later date. Hoped that he would see that naked backside again with out the claws extended.