 At their stately home in Sussex, Lord and lady Price were sitting in their drawing room talking to their son.

"Now come on Bartholomew," said lord Price, "you've been married for six months and you still have not managed to put her with child, do you not like the gal?"

"I do like her pater," replied Bartie, "I like her lots. We have been trying you know."

"Well your mother and I are off to visit the Rosenbergs in Austria for a few months, I expect to hear good news when we return."

"We celebrated your marriage in nineteen twenty six," said lady Price, "we intend to celebrate the birth of our first grandchild in nineteen twenty seven."

* * * * * * * *

Bartie Price stood in his dressing room being attended to by his manservant, Sidney Spence. Sidney was brushing Bartie's jacket as he looked at himself in his full length mirror.

"I'm in a bit of a pickle, Sidders," said Bartie, "the old folks want me and the lady Alexis to provide the family with an heir, someone to follow me when I finally pop my clogs, although at twenty-six I hope to have many, many years in front of me. I keep telling them that there is no rush but pater insists that I get the missus up the duff. Truth be told Sidders, although Lexi is a top notch gal I much prefer the company of my pal Lorenzo."

"You surprise me sir," Sidney responded, a note of sarcasm in his voice.

"Oh don't pretend," said Bartie, "you have served me for years and you know my predilections full well, in fact you are one of the few that do and I am eternally grateful for your discretion."

"It is not my place to judge, nor to tell tales sir," replied Sidney, "your secret is safe with me."

"Look old chap," said Bartie, "As soon as the old ones have gone away I am going up to town to stay with Lorenzo. I shall leave Lexi here, she is quite happy riding her horse and going out to tea with her friends. I was wondering if you could do me an awfully big favour."

"If it is in my power sir, I would be happy to help you."

"If I can get Lexi to agree to it, would you impregnate her for me?"

Sidney found it very hard to contain himself, but he stood still and tried not to show any emotion.

"I doubt very much if a lady as young as her would want any relations with a man as old as me."

"Oh don't be daft, you won't be having relations. You just do the deed, all clinical and that, and let nature do the rest."

"Well, as you put it like that, if the lady Alexis will agree to it, I shall be happy to oblige."

"Good show!" Said Bartie, slapping Sidney on the back, "I'll just square it with the missus and you two can get on with it."

* * * * * * * 

"Lexi, old thing," said Bartie to his young wife after supper the evening after his parents had gone abroad, "we need to talk."

"What is it Bartie?"

"Well, you know that Ma and Pa have been going on about us having a little 'un."

"Yes."

"And you know I don't really go in for having relations with girls."

"Yes, that's one of the reasons I agreed to marry you," said Bartie's twenty-two year old wife, "I knew that you would not be pestering me for conjugals and the like. You need me to make you appear to be doing your parents bidding and I like being the wife of the next Earl of Drubbage."

"Well, I've had an idea, what would you think about being impregnated by another chap, a sort of substitute Bartie as it were."

"Are you mad?!" Asked Lexi in a tone of incredulity, "If your parents found out they would have me run out of the county and probably have you sent to an asylum!"

"I agree that it would have to be a secret, a well kept secret, even from the child itself, but it would placate the Earl and mater. What's more, you would become an indispensable member of this family, being the mother of a future Earl and all that."

"Who would you trust to keep such a secret?"

"My man Sidney Spence."

"He is rather elderly, are you sure he is capable of fathering a child?"

"He's sixty-three, old stick, not a hundred. I am sure he could still fire off a few live rounds as it were."

"Mmmm, I'll have to think about it."

"Well, can I leave it with you? I am off up to town to stay with Lorenzo. Sidney is willing to help us out, all you need to do is let him put you up the duff and everyone will be happy."

* * * * * * *

"Aren't you going up to town with lord Bartie?" Rosie, the cook, asked Sidney as he sat in the servant's quarters eating his evening meal.

"No," he replied, "he says he doesn't need me and that I should take a few days off to rest. He is allowing me to make use of his private apartments while he is away."

"Oh, bully for you then," put in Alexa, the junior housemaid, "I suppose we will not be worthy of your company any more."

"If you behave yourself young lady," Sidney said to her, looking over the rims of his spectacles at her, "I may let you have a look around his lordship's rooms."

"It's the young ladyship's rooms our Alexa is more interested in," said Rosie, "Gladys says that she has the best of everything, the nicest dresses, the most expensive perfumes, the most glamorous underwear, all the way from Paris, apparently."

"I offered to do her ladyship's laundry," said Alexa, "so I could see some of it, but Gladys won't let anyone go near the lady Lexi's belongings, she has to do it for her, won't let no on else do it."

"Perhaps you will be able to launder for her," said Sidney, "Gladys has been told to take a holiday, the lady Alexis has sent her away for a few weeks."

"Oooh!" Said Alexa, clapping her hands and tapping her feet on the floor.

* * * * * * * 

"Sidney," lady Alexis said to her husband's servant one morning as she walked into the hallway of Drubbage hall, "come with me please."

"Certainly my lady," said Sidney as he followed her through to the drawing room.

"Close the door behind you," Alexis told him as he entered the room.

Sidney closed the door and walked across the room to stand in front of the seated Alexis.

"You know about Bartie's plan I assume," Lexi said to the old man.

"Yes."

"Well, I have thought it over. I like living here. I like the house in town which I can go to whenever I want. I like having servants and I like being part of the Sussex set. If having a child cements my place in this family, then a child I shall have. Come to my room tonight after everyone else is in bed."

Sidney had a lot of trouble controlling himself, but he managed to just give a small bow and ask if there was anything else.

"No, go and eat some red meat or something to build up your strength," Lexi told him.

* * * * * * *

"Come in," she called quietly when she heard him knock softly on her door.

Sidney stole into the room, looking around to make absolutely sure that there was no one else around.

"Get on with it then," she said to him as she pulled back her eiderdown, revealing her naked body.

Sidney stopped breathing as he looked at the young blonde lying in front of him. Her body was the most beautiful he had ever seen. Her small firm pert breasts, flat tummy, long legs, slender arms and cute little feet were all perfect, perfect in every detail.

"Are you alright?" Lexi asked as Sidney started turning blue.

"Oh yes, yes I am," he replied as he finally exhaled.

"I'm not a virgin," she told him as she opened her legs, exposing the cutest little pussy he had ever seen, "so I won't bleed."

Sidney's guts started to knot, his balls started to ache and his penis started to harden. He opened the dressing gown he was wearing and let it fall to the floor behind him as he walked towards the bed.

"I see you are ready," she said as she saw his erection.

Sidney climbed onto the bed and knelt between her legs. She looked slightly bewildered as he leaned down and started to kiss her legs, starting at her knees and working his way up.

"What are you doing?" She asked.

"Worshipping you," he answered between kisses.

"I am not here to be worshipped, I am here to be put with child."

"Please, let me do this," he pleaded, "I cannot just rut with you, I have to do this."

"Oh, very well."

Lexi lay back and let Sidney kiss her. He kissed her on the front of her thighs, worked his way down her legs to her feet, sucked her toes, which made her giggle a little and worked his way back up.

"Ooh!" She squeaked when she felt his lips on her inner thigh.

"Oooooh!" She moaned when she felt his lips on her labia.

"Uhuhuhuh!" She moaned loudly when she felt the tip of his tongue flick at her clitoris.

Sidney lapped up the juice that flowed freely from her body and revelled in the taste of her. He was doing something he had fantasised about doing since the first time he had set eyes on her.

"Oh my! Oh my! Oh my goodness! Oh YESSSSSS!" She shouted as her body was wracked by a series of convulsions, something that had never happened to her before.

Sidney lifted his head from between her twitching legs and watched her coming. He smiled the smile of an acolyte who has achieved the one aim of his life, pleasing his deity.

"Stick your cock in me," she said to him in a tone he had not heard for many years, a tone of lust.

He shuffled up the bed and covered her. He let out a sigh as he slid into her in one movement, her hot wet cunt accepting him as if it was made solely for the purpose of taking his cock in it and no one else's.

"Oh my God, that feels nice," she gasped as he began to thrust in and out.

"Oh my lady," he said as he built up speed, pumping his meat in and out of her hard and fast.

"Fuck me!" She ordered him, "fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Oh my goodness!" He cried out as he felt his seed spew forth, filling her hot wet cunt as he emptied his large hairy balls.

"Oh Sidneeeee!" She shouted out as she had another strong orgasm.

Sidney pulled out of her and sat on the edge of the bed.

"That was heavenly," she told him between heavy panting breaths, "I never knew it could be like that."

"Has no one ever pleased you before?"

"Not like that, no. The boys I went with were very quick and I didn't realise that I could get so much pleasure from doing it with a boy."

"You deserve to be pleased, you are a goddess."

"Don't be such a silly old man, I'm not a goddess."

"You are to me, you have been since I first saw you."

"Well," she said, smiling at him and punching him playfully on the arm," your goddess commands that you visit her tomorrow night and the night after."

"I will."

"Now you had better go before someone discovers us."

* * * * * *

"My oh my," said Lexi, "now that was a dream."

"It certainly was," agreed Sidney.

"I want to find out more about lady Alexis and the butler."

"Then we shall have to go back in the box if Rufus will let us."

"I am going to have to start charging you," put in Rufus.

"Name your price," laughed Sidney.