 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 2 Getting off on the right foot?

I left the academy and made my way to the market district wearing my mithril chain under a red silk shirt, a gray cloak with the Silvertree pin, black leather pants, and soft leather boots. I had a black belt with pouches for quick access to spell components. On my weapons belt, I had a steel dagger and my red crystal long sword set for a left-hand draw.

The sheath for my sword was solid black to hide its unusual qualities and embossed with a Silvertree seal. To complete my weapon set I had a boot dagger and was carrying an elm longbow with black leather grip. My back had a quiver of arrows sticking up next to my backpack. The backpack held a couple of extra shirts, another set of leather pants, my spell book, with half of my meager saving eighty gold pieces.

I split the funds between my backpack and a hidden belt-pouch. The belt-pouch was concealed inside of my belt; a hidden pocket, but it did not hold many coins or gems. I placed four platinum pieces instead of gold. I followed the last pieces of advice I got from Grand Master Yetto, "Try not to travel alone, and look for people with complementary skills if I take on any task as a mercenary."

I headed to the market district to look for outgoing caravans when I spot a set of wagons packing up with supplies. "Who is in charge?" I ask a 6' tall lanky looking elf wearing a merchant's apron who was loading the wagon.

He said, "I am Gramon, you want to talk with Charlemagne at the corner post if you are looking for work."

He points out a 5' 7 half-elf with a brown wide brim hat folded up on the left side with red and white feathers pointed pinned on the side as decoration. She had gorgeous light brown hair that was hanging halfway to her shapely ass. She was wearing brown leather armor a couple of rapiers and a dozen throwing daggers. She probably weighs 90lbs soaking wet in all her gear.

I walked over to the lady, "Name is Eldar and I am looking for work." She spun on her heels.

She stared, "Charlie, let me look you over the kid. Hmm, either fresh out of school or leaving the nest, you come from money given the silk shirt and fancy cloak pin, you are holding your bow in the wrong hand and your sword is on the wrong side. I'm guessing running away from home in a hurry." She pauses, "How did I do?"

I gave her a cocky grin "My 'family' might have money but it is not mine. My sword is right where it should be as I am ambidextrous. I prefer to fight with my left hand and cast with my right though I can switch sides as I practice with both hands. Throws off a lot of right-handed sword fighters. My bow is in my right hand for the same reason and it gives some the sense that I don't know what I am doing.

I have practiced with the bow at least twice a week in each hand for the last 75 years. As to running away from home, I have not had one in almost 50 years but I did do some training at the Academy during that time."

She looks back at me, "I've got an extra seat in the first wagon passage and food...no pay until I know you can survive. Where are you headed?"

I extend my hand, "Where ever this wagon happens to lead us, pretty lady."

Charlie fired back, "You are some kind of charmer are you huh. Well, don't get any ideas because this body is built for sin, but I choose who gets to ride! Ha ha ha!" Charlie lead me around and introduces me to the rest of her crew, Balkus "Hunter" Dogwood big fellow with really dark brown hair who would be ride left seat on the first wagon.

Hunter looked over and gave a short little 'uhhn' in my direction. I leaned into Charlie, "He'll be a great conversationalist on this trip!" She just chuckled. The driver of the second wagon was Sharlo "Doc" Stormcloud a very rare sight as he was a snow elf who just gave me an icy stare with his cold blue eyes. The white hair made him look like an albino Drow.

The left and right seats were taken by two more wood-elves a couple named Darnus "Skinner" and Vellia "Cook" Dogwood. Both had green hair but she seems to have a nice firm pair of tits as she was not wearing armor or any under clothes—the shirt was sheer enough that her nipples dancing across the fabric are keeping them hard. They kind of look me up and down and then say, "Hello, welcome aboard!" I extend a hand.

So far, the warmest greetings. The third wagon was all Moon-elves, Malium'cora "Fireball" Silver Sword, Tranosa "Strong-arm" Dusk Moon, and Sharia "Eagle-eye" Moonbow the last of the three females of the group. I got a short, "Greetings" from all of them except for Tranosa. Tranosa gave me a close look and noticed the cloak pin. Tranosa grinned, "Your Heliar'vasius's son?"

I looked at him, "Yes I am. I doubt you will hear much about me in that household."

He laughed, "Maybe not in the household but your name has been circulating in the pub talk for the last week that I have been here. Served with your father and your mother, good people. Cannot say much for his so-called wife, but she would rather piss herself than talk to me. You are the new hotshot Blade Singer, what was it three straight evaluation wins?"

I corrected him, "No it was four but who counts except for the lady who finished second for the last three times."

Tranosa pointed to my blade, "Pull that back a couple of inches it looks familiar." I turned toward him and pull it back about 4 inches from the sheath and sheath it again. "Do not go losing that blade it probably has more stories than I do. Your father used that throughout the Hordda War and it was a gift from his father to him."

Tranosa shouted to Charlie, "Good find with this one. You will have him on the payroll in no time if he is half as good as his father, and his reputation at the Academy carries into the field."

Charlie gave him a wondering look. She walked up to him and whispered, "What are you talking about?"

Tranosa pointed back at me, "Remember the bar talk about the new Blade Singer, I served with his parents."

Charlie looked at me and asked, "Why didn't you tell me?"

I looked at her with as stern of an expression as I could muster, "My master instructed me to never let your ego go to your head. It is not what I do in an academy or my parents family name that will mean anything in a fight. Just what skills I bring to the battle without dying in the process."

She smiled, "I like this one!" We then set to work to tie down the loads. I looked over the really long wagons they had to be close to twenty feet long. We had nine of us to look after them? Something did not add up right. That was right up until we reached the main gate and had half a dozen Royal guards dressed as city guards take up positions around our wagons.

I leaned into Charlie and whispered, "Royal guards?"

She glared at me, "How do you know?"

I looked down and as quietly as before, "Blade Singer remember. I know swords."

She looked over to the guard and cleared her throat, "You might want to get your guys to cover their weapons!"

The guard looked at me, "I know you, nice fight last week! Why did it take so long?"

I chuckled, "She really wanted to beat me. She was desperate. I worked to frustrate her for a while before making my move."

He laughed, "Thirty minutes of frustration for a sparring match, first I have seen it."

I told him, "Was also the first time I sparred anyone right-handed during a match."

He responded, "Yeah I saw that hand change before your match began wondered what that was about." The guard then fell back and one by one the guards used their cloaks to cover the swords. Then he took up his previous post near me. "Thanks for the heads-up."

About that time a pheasant flew from a bush and across the road. As I already had my bow out with an arrow notched, I let one fly and shot it in the middle, a split second behind mine was Hunter's arrow which not only hit the mark but shattered the shaft of my arrow. I was surprised as he did not even have an arrow ready at the time. He drops down and picked up the pheasant and threw it over to me. Hunter smiled, "Your kill, you can start cleaning it. Keep my arrow I have plenty more."

I looked back at him, "Just don't expect me to hit them like that every time, swords are still my preferred weapon."

He just grinned back, "Everyone starts somewhere." Along the way, Hunter managed to nail a good size elk. He hooked a rope up to the second wagon while we keep on moving at our slow pace. He dropped the second arrow into it. Then he ran the rope between all four legs and around the head and tied it off.

The elk slid out of the woods on its back tail first, while he guided it by the antlers until it clears the tree line. The third wagon swung wide as the elk went out past it. Skinner jumped down and the two of them went to work on field stripping the elk while being towed on a rope until it was time to finish removing the skin. Then Tranosa and Eagle-eye move to pick up the elk.

They took it to the back of the wagon where Cook was waiting. Charlie nudged me, "Take the pheasant back."

I saw Eagle-eye has two more of the birds and a rabbit already cleaned and strung over her shoulder. As we got closer to our first stop for the night, I was sent off to start collecting firewood. We put it into the back of the first and third wagons; each wagon had about six feet of empty space in the tail for doing these kinds of activities.

Cook peeled veggies and seasoned meat as I took another load of wood back to the third wagon. We stopped a couple of hours before nightfall and bedrolls were laid out. The guards set up in two groups of three under the first and third wagon. Mine was set next to Hunter. It was near the fire on the far side. While each of the drivers slept in the back of the wagons.

Dinner was spectacular but it was just enough for the fifteen of us, with a little left over for a bit stew for the morning meal. I was put on the second watch with Charlie. Two of the guards who posted up on the other side of the wagon and watched the road. Charlie and I sat about twenty feet into the woods and she wanted us back to back with the fire off to my left. Apparently, she wanted to talk. She whispers, "What is your story kid?"

I thought for a minute and told her, "Well I am all elf but half-wood and half-moon. Add illegitimate to that. When my mother died my father got saddled with me but he sent me straight to the Academy without even a visit until I finished. His new wife and family wanted nothing to do with me. I am on my own. As you have heard, I did well. Now I am off to make a living."

She sighed, "Check in every quarter of an hour. Tap me on the side facing the fire if something pops up. I will alert the others if it is found to be an issue." At the end of the shift, Charlie took Hunter's bedroll next to me, instead of going back to the wagon. I caught some more sleep. I awoke to find my pack disturbed but nothing was missing. I got in an hour of sword practice before eating and we were once again back on the road.

She sighed, "Trip should take 6 days to get through the woods and another 7 across the country until we hit our first stop a small little human village called Cotton Web if the weather holds." We broke camp and got back onto the road again.

I looked at Charlie, "Someone went through my pack last night."

She didn't say anything immediately. She let another hour go before she spoke, "I went through your pack. You were a last-minute addition, too observant right off on the guards. That was one hell of a bow shot yesterday as your arrow beat Hunter to the bird. I had questions, I found answers in your journal." She smiled broadly for the first time this trip.

I spotted a deer on the other side of road and Hunter's view was blocked by a tree at this point. I brought mine to bear right in front of Charlie. I held for a second and released. I hit the dear but it was not a straight kill shot. The deer jumps into view of Hunter and he brought it to ground. I turned back to Charlie, "See anything good in my journal?"

She laughed, "Came close to pissing myself at one point. But you had a great Grand Master. I have worked with Yetto before, we are from the same village. Go help Hunter with the deer then come back and we will talk."

I dropped from the wagon and rolled under the wheels to the other side just as Hunter came forward with the rope. He piped up, "Let's see what you did wrong on that shot and I will show you how I tie them off."

We got to the deer and the first thing I did was put another arrow into it. It kicked and died. "You learn fast. Your first arrow deflected off of a rib and hit one of the lungs. Mine went through the same lung and only nicked the heart. Your last shot went through both lungs and the heart; that is why you got the kick like that."

He gave me a handful of his hunter arrows, "The heads are bigger so the range is shorter but they cause more damage as the crossed blades of the arrowhead." I nodded and watched how he tied off the deer. Then grabbed the head and helped to guide it out. Once on the road, we went over what the cook wanted us to get rid of and what to keep.

We field dressed the deer and worked the same process. Hunting did not go as well for the rest of the day. Hunter and I were out gathering firewood together when he spotted a big buck with a doe. He signals me to take aim on the doe which was slightly in front of the buck while he went for the kill on the buck. He releases about a second before I did and that arrow caused the doe to turn in toward my shot.

My shot grazed the doe and sunk into the buck which dropped. We headed out to the buck as the doe shot off into the thick underbrush before we could get a clear shot at her. Hunter put another arrow into the buck but it didn't move. His shot was a bit far forward but got both lungs, while my ricochet shot bounced between two ribs hit the one lung and the heart. I look at Hunter, "Better lucky than good?"

He chuckled, "You could not repeat that shot if you tried!"

We headed back toward camp with the firewood and got a couple of guards to bring their horses closer We hauled the deer in. Older deer I counter fifteen points on the rack. We got it back to camp and work on dinner; which now gave us enough food for morning meal again. Hunter warned me, "Game especially big game can become scarce. Make sure you have some dry rations."

I snickered back "Almost three weeks' worth in my pack. It has been over 45 years since I have been on a hunt. I packed appropriately." Sure enough, hunting was non-existent on day three and day four. Then came the middle shift of the night. Night shift on the third day some activity caught my eye. As our little married couple started to roll around in the blankets.

They had a silence spell going but in the next instant, he had his wife up on all fours grabbing her pert tits and starts pounding into her from behind. That went on for another ten minutes before they both collapsed. Then they pulled the blanket over each other. On the other side of the camp, Eagle-eye and Fireball seemed to be having fun.

By the light of the moons, I saw Fireball was on his knee's and moaned while Eagle-eye pulled on his cock and aimed it at her face. When fireball finally exploded, Eagle-eye looked over at me as she rubbed into her face. She whispered, "It is good for the skin." Then she licked her fingers and gave us a wink.

I commented to Charlie, "At least someone is getting laid around here."

She just giggled, "We...we are supposed to be on guard for suspicious activity, not sexual activity."

While she continued to laugh softly. Day five the hunting was just as bad and things remained uneventful until our midnight shift. Both Charlie and I heard rustling in the brush coming straight in from the woods. It picked up speed. We just got to our feet as the grizzly lunged.

He swung a big paw at me and raked my left arm. He tore into my blue shirt. My armor protected me from the scratches but he came dam close to breaking that arm. I circled around the tree on the other side of Charlie while I drew my sword and activated the hellfire. Now the bear was focused on me as I threatened it with fire. While I also turned it sideways to the camp. This had roused the camp into action.

Charlie backed around to get behind the bear. The bear had reach, strength, power, speed, and terrain on me. My best chance of survival lied with the people in the camp with bows. The bear raked me across the right side of my face this time but missed my eye. I backed up further as I heard crossbows getting loaded from the guards and the first arrows struck the bear on the side.

The next moment was a bit of blur. The bear's mouth came at me. I blocked it with my right arm but he took me to ground. I thrust my sword into him as another round of arrows and now some crossbow bolts flew into the side of the bear. It collapsed on me. Charlie was the first on the scene. She worked to get the bear off of me but needed a lot of help. Meanwhile, my sword still burned through the bear. Hunter skipped his extra shot and it was a mad rush to roll the bear.

I woke up in the back of Charlie's wagon, Doc had been setting bones and was now casting some healing spells onto me. Doc looked at me, "I can get most of your injuries, but you are still going to be sore for a couple of days. That is when I look down and found that I had been stripped of my clothes. Charlie and Doc looked over me.

She ordered me, "Get some rest as the camp will not be moving tomorrow. We are taking the time to cook and smoke the bear with the 400lbs of meat that fell on you! WHAT were you thinking by grabbing the bears aggravation? I do appreciate you keeping it distracted. The bear did not swipe at me as I stabbed it in the ass with my rapiers. It was also the foolhardiest thing you have done on this trip."

I looked up at Charlie, "Rule number two. Travel with companions who have complementary skills. I turned it to the side to give the archers the best angle for the kill shot. I took one for the group; well several actually." I smiled at her and fell asleep before she could respond. I woke up several hours later still naked but now had a patched-up bearskin blanket over me...it really needed to be washed.

My pack was not in the wagon. I heard Hunter approach, "I tracked back to that bear's layer and found a few things laying around. Nothing magical but thought you would like first pick from what we found."

He presented to be a finely crafted dagger, several small pieces of jewelry including some rings, pendants and one thing caught my eye. Included in the jewelry was a pendant with a double crescent moon and a blue sapphire that was magically altered or very skillfully crafted. The sapphire was in between the moons and cut in a crescent shape.

I snatched up the pendant which surprisingly has a leather cord for a necklace on it and told him, "This works for me."

Hunter stormed off yelling, "Damn it! Charlie wins the pool again!"

Apparently, she put the cord on the pendant for me. Charlie joined me in the wagon.

She smiled, "You are not going anywhere out of this wagon unless it is to relieve yourself of bodily waste. Which I doubt will be needed as Eagle-eye was selected to clean the mess out of the inside of your armor after that bear squished the shit out of you! I have a few hours of downtime. This little pellet right here will give us silence for the next two hours. I figured I could pick-up on a few of the things that Traylar'sune failed to enjoy!"
