 I spent the rest of the day completing an order for several alchemical lanterns: simple devices, but decidedly tedious to actually make. Nonetheless, the comfortable rhythm of work had almost allowed me to forget exactly what was waiting for me when I finally decided that the time had come to rest for the night.

As expected, a familiar blue form, nude as when I had met her, was waiting for me on the bed. More to the point, she was facing away from me on her knees, face lowered all the way to the mattress and hips invitingly raised. I let out an exasperated groan- I had genuinely wanted to sleep, but ignoring that display was absolutely beyond my ability.

"Good evening, my lord. I thought you might like an opportunity to relieve your stress after a long day in the workshop, please, use me as you like."

I took a long breath. And another. I could feel my pulse between my legs. In absolutely no way had I asked for any of this. The combination of arousal and frustration was, to say the least, confusing, and self-control felt increasingly daunting.

"Please, my lord, if you wish, transfer your pain to me. My body is entirely yours."

This was punctuated with a slow wriggling motion that made the already appealing roundness absolutely irresistible.

"Use your hands, mark me as yours. Your pleasure is far more valuable to me than my own."

I wanted to. I truly did. Pursing my lips, I stepped forward, placing both hands on the warm blue skin and lightly testing the perfect firmness.

"I can't just do that. Hurting you solves nothing."

"Not if I like it, my lord."

There was an almost pleading overtone this time. I could hear her breathing. The rise and fall of her back matched the hisses and catches in the rhythm of air. The display was not lost on me. I squeezed a little more, flexing both palms, and I was rewarded with a tiny whimper of what could only have been pleasure.

This was a paradox. All prior knowledge told me that the urges I felt were better left untouched, but she was essentially begging for me to indulge myself.

"Fine. Like this, Aurea?"

I raised a palm a little bit, letting it fall with enough force for a satisfying impact. She shivered, her breathing growing faster.

"Yes. Please. More, my lord."

She was not the only one enjoying this. My hand fell again, a little harder, and a satisfied breath of my own overlapped with her mewl of enjoyment. I used both hands, alternating increasingly assertive squeezes with forceful slaps, hearing her apparent arousal build with every touch, seeing her fingers grip the sheets.

Her skin had turned a blushing purple under my touch, and an unmistakable wetness had begun to drip from a little lower, forming a small damp spot on the blanket. I reached down to feel for myself, giving her light pressure with my palm and rubbing up and down, a gesture rewarded with an audible gasp.

"There are o-other ways to use that, my lord."

Even as she spoke, the short tail, apparently prehensile, wrapped partway around my wrist, making her enjoyment immediately obvious. The simple fact of her desire stoked my own, and as I pressed against her slightly harder, the effect became too powerful to resist.

"You want me to take more than just your mouth, then?"

"More than anything, my lord."

The words sounded as if they had taken some effort, and her tail lingered on my forearm for a moment after I took my hand away to undress myself. Clothing had seemed irrelevant for some time now, and being able to feel my skin against hers as I climbed onto the bed myself was just the rush of sensation I had expected. Her needs were obviously as intense as my own if the resulting shudder was any indication.

"Please... inside me..."

She managed to pant a few words, wriggling against the blanket as my hips met hers, pushing my manhood against her. Groaning, she pushed herself against me, no longer trying for any coherent sounds, but communicating the point just fine regardless.

I guided myself inside with one hand. I had meant to enter slowly, but the heat and wetness on the tip was intoxicating, putting even the bliss of her mouth to shame. Thrusting unceremoniously in was only natural, as was the grip I took in her hair, keeping her face firmly against the bed. Normally, this would have been nothing more than a daydream, and I was thoroughly aware of that, but her imploring voice echoed in my head, coaxing out desires that otherwise were inconceivable.

My free hand traced a path over her back, feeling her racing heart as I worked back to her hips, accenting my thrusts with a number of cracking slaps. The squeals of response were the most coherent sound I had heard since entry, standing out in a near-constant flow of groans and whines. The more forcefully I penetrated her, the more she seemed to enjoy it, and every spank clearly added to her experience.

Her ecstatic moans showed no signs of doing anything besides increasing, body overcome with shivers, doing her best to keep her hips moving in a tempo to match mine. She was soaked by now, and the blanket was doubtlessly past all salvation. My hand holding her head in place was probably the only thing preventing her from truly writhing with pleasure. The display was more sensual than I had previously thought possible, and I found myself fervently hoping to last long enough to bring her to climax.

Suddenly, almost mid-thrust, her responses dropped off substantially, the quietness seeming oddly empty. Concern shoved through my still-ravenous lust, and I slowed down, momentarily worried.

"Are you alright?"

Her response was practically screamed, and the words obviously did not come easily.

"Close! More! Please! N-need-"

I cut her off with renewed motion, and her pleas instantly faded into quick, halting breaths, slowing down again: I quickly realized, this time, that this was the calm before a storm, and gave her everything I had, with no concern for my own endurance, tightening my grip in her hair and pounding into her with all the force of my body.

One long, drawn-out moan was the first indicator that I had given her what she needed. She tightened around me, convulsing even under my hold, mouth opening and closing through a series of gasped cries. I thrust all the way in and stayed there, letting her spasms of climax stimulate me the rest of the way to my own.

A particularly intense shudder of tightness practically forced me out, pushing me over the edge in the process. I exhaled hard, mind going blank with orgasm as I spilled my seed over her heaving body, letting go of her in order to try to steady myself in the process.

She practically lay in a puddle, still lightly shaking from her own apparently much more powerful experience.

"Thank you."

Her voice came in a near-whisper after a long pause.

"You... enjoyed that?"

"Mm. But-"

She stiffened, clearly very concerned about something.

"Your bed! I'm sorry! I- why are you laughing?"

If she sincerely believed that, after all that, I would be bothered about a damp bed, she was out of her mind.

"Doesn't matter. At all. We're both sleeping in it, right?"

"Both of us?"

"Er... yes, that was the idea."

I fumbled around the nightstand for a cloth to wipe myself off, then took a place next to her.

"I really don't know what to do with that, my lord."

"It's a bed. You sleep in it."

I was tired now, even more so than I had been before.

She seemed to accept that, rolling to her side and breathing deeply.

"Good night."

"Good night, my lord."

I was still far from understanding how or why she did what she did, succubus or not. However, with her appetite what it was, I was going to have to learn. Even if she was objectively a nuisance, the fact that she was also genuinely endearing, if in an unorthodox way, was increasingly plain to me. Despite everything on my mind, sleep came fairly easily, and I left thought behind in fairly short order.