 Chapter III -- Visions 

I awake early in the morning, the orange of the rising sun peaks through the window and splashes out across the room. I tip toe over to the window, the stone floor cold under-foot. A rush of warm air floods in, the sound of people hard at work echoes through the streets. The castle and grounds are overflowing with people. I look to the horizon for Ezabell and Lillian, yet to have returned from Lakebury. A loud knock draws my attention. 

"Enter." 

It is a servant girl. 

"The Queen has requested your presence in her chamber." 

"Thank you." 

She bows and exits, pulling the door close as she leaves. I dress in a loose tunic, leather trousers and sling my belt and scabbard around my waist, struggling with the cold buckle with sleep still on my mind. Corridors fill with strangers as the Queen tries to accommodate each of the towns. Servants scramble around, serving food and handing out blankets. This isn't sustainable, all the more reason for a swift end to be brought to Bal'Garach's forces. 

Two palace guard flank the door to the Queens chamber, large, wooden engraved doors tightly shut. As I approach, one of the guards pushes the door open. Her chamber, rightfully so, is gigantic, at least three times the size of my own. A huge, roaring fire inhabits the ornate fireplace. She sits near it, tapping her fingers on the arm and staring into the flames. 

"Please, take a seat Adia." She gestures to the chair. 

I detach my scabbard from my belt and stand it up against the wall. The seat is firm with a high back. Trouble stirs within the mind of the Queen, I see it in those blue, luminescent eyes. 

"I apologise for outburst yester morn." 

"There is no need for an apology, these are troubled times." 

She smiles, still gazing into the fire. 

"I have considered our position, what we will face. I sent messengers early this morn, they ride for the Storm Peaks." 

"Should we be wasting our time with such endeavours?" 

"Our options are limited. Maybe, just maybe, King Hestrik and his dwarven forces will march to our aid." 

"We would find more luck in begging to Bal'Garach for our lives." I scoff. "The dwarves care not but for themselves, they would never risk open war will Bal'Garach and his forces, they are safe in their mountain fortress." 

Her gaze sears into mine, before returning to the hearth. 

"I need full support, from you and your knights." 

"You have that my Queen, we swore an oath." I lean closer to her. "You are right to explore every avenue. I spoke before thinking." 

"Good." She smiles, this time sincerely. "The Grand Marshall of the Collegiate is gathering casters, they will aid in the defence of Tessaway. Captain Wiliame has asked for you also, down at the wall." 

"I will go at once." 

I stand, grabbing my sword and returning it to my waist, just as I leave, the Queen speaks. 

"Look to the horizon for the return of Ezabell and Lilian, I feel they are close." 

I nod and leave. I weave through the continually crowded corridors, stepping over peasants and nobles strewn out on the stone. The outside air is fresh, a bright sun shines down upon Tessaway this day. I pray the gods will be at our side when the red tide crashes up against our walls. As I move across the courtyard, through the portcullis, soldiers and smiths tirelessly run around. Covered in sweat and dirt, they barely break a smile or even acknowledge me as I pass. 

I spot the captain up on the wall, staring out over the land. 

"Captain, you requested me?" 

He is a tall man, older than me, with lines across his forehead and under his eyes. His scraggy beard is short, dark brown hair sept back with shaved sides. 

"I did. I wanted to inform you that the preparations you requested are almost complete, however, we still have a way to go." 

"Will we be ready?" 

"If the scouts' predications were correct, and they arrive in two days, then yes." He chews on his tongue as he thinks, fixated on the fields. "What of the Queen? Have the arrangements been made?" 

"'Fraid not. She is staying." 

His eyes widen. 

"Truly -- we stand on the cusp of the end times. If she is slain..." 

"It will not come to that Captain." I halt his words, giving him a firm eye. 

"My apologies. I was merely speculating." 

"If they reach the Queen, we will be long dead." I try not to think of such an eventually. "If that is all, I shall take my leave, there is other business to attend to. Alert me if Ezabell and Lilian return." 

"Of course." He offers a low bow and steps away. 

I hesitate in my steps. I make my way to the clairvoyant, an older fellow, gifted with the ability to glimpse through the eyes of the gods. He is, however, a hermit, a recluse. His large, thatched roof sticks out amongst the smaller buildings within the town. I am always uneasy around him. I knock twice on his door. 

"Enter." A grumbly voice mumbles. 

Stepping in, there is an overwhelming smell of old parchment and fur. Small, self-made statues hang from the ceiling. Adorning the walls, strange paintings and markings. He sits in his chair, eyes closed, mumbling some nonsense to himself. A long, tattered black robe hangs from his body. 

"Adia -- it has been some time." He smirks, lifting his head but keeping his eyes closed. "Come, bring yourself closer." 

I reluctantly step forward, kneeling at his feet. His old, leathery hand gently caresses my check. 

"Such beauty." His forked tongue pokes out, licking his lips. "I know why you are here. My question to you is, are you willing?" 

I gulp and swallow my pride. 

"Yes." 

He chuckles. 

"Then ask your question woman." 

"Will we win?" 

He cackles, loudly. 

"My dear - it isn't so black and white. It was never about winning, it is about survival." He coughs and splutters. "Knight Adia -- you will survive, I have seen that much. As for your precious knights and Queen -- only time will tell." 

I clench my fist, digging my nails into my palm. 

"I did not come here for so little, tell me more." 

"Ha! And why should I tell you anymore?" 

Whilst his eyes are closed, there is the sensation that he still watches me, an eerie chill tickles the back of my neck. I inch forward and run my hands up his robes, across his thighs. His head tilts back and he groans. I flip the robe up, revealing his hard cock. I slowly rap my hand around his shaft and begin to jerk up and down, teasing it. Already it begins to throb, pre-cum spilling out from the tip. I begin to speed up as I feel it pulsate in my hand. 

"The payment is more so -- for such -- information." He speaks between the gravelly, guttural groans. 

I must know what he knows. I slow down, holding the base of his cock, I lean forward and kiss his tip. Not the worse thing in the world. I wrap my lips around the head, slowly inching my way down, until his cock is comfortably in my mouth. I pull back, again, slowly, feeling it throb against my lips. He begins mumbling to himself with his head pressed against the back of the chair. I go back down, finding a rhythm, I bob my head up and down his cock. Pre-cum leaks out, lathering up my tongue as I swallow it. His hip cracks as he begins to thrust against my mouth. I work my tongue across his shaft as I push downwards. 

I feel his old, leathery fingers run through my hair and clump it up in his fist. He begins pushing his hand down, burying his cock deeper into my mouth. 

"Mmmmpft!" I moan out. 

His hard, throbbing cock jams into my throat. His thrusts become hard and erratic as the excitement builds. Tears begin to collect in my eyes and run down my cheeks as I gag with each thrust. I curl up my fingers on his legs, gripping his thighs. I tried to resist, pulling my head back with each of his violent thrusts, but I surrender, letting him use me. I trembled as his cock pushed deep into my throat, pulsating and throbbing as the wetness of my mouth pleasured him. 

Salvia and pre-cum mix and spill out, drooling down my chin and on to my tunic. He doesn't let up, even as I whimper. With a hard and final thrust, his pushes his cock all the way in, my nose pressed up against his stomach. Hot, thick lines of semen shoot down my throat, an endless torrent gushes inside me. 

"Mmmmpf!" I whimper and groan. 

I cough and splutter, gagging on his throbbing cock as he unleashes his load. His body stiffens and shudders as he finishes. Still his hand grips my long, blonde hair. I feel his dick soften and I tear myself away, taking in big gasps of air as I drink it up, swallowing the last of his cum. My eyes quickly turn to him. I draw my dagger from my boot and lunge onto him, pressing it against his neck. 

"Do not try me again!" I threaten, inches from his face. "Now, tell me what I need to know." 

"You don't scare me." He cackles 

"Tell me!" 

"I have seen the red tide. Blood will be shed in the streets, in the halls, and over the walls. One by one we will all fall. The Broken Palace, that is where it will be decided." 

"The Broken Palace? There is no such place?" 

"Haha -- you are naïve, eyes closed to the world around you." 

I grunt and sheath my blade, stepping away from him. I pull out a rag of cloth and wipe my chin. My tunic stained. I flash him one last look of disapproval before slamming his door shut as I exit. It seems I must gather information on this -- Broken Palace. My thoughts wander before a horn sounds off in the distance. I watch as soldiers rush for the gate. I join them, climbing the stairs, panting as I reach the top. On the horizon, Ezabell, with Lilian wrapped up in her arms in front of her. So few ride with them, and those few are made up of the soldiers they rode out with, no towns folk...