 Chapter II – Lost

The lowered bridge, swarming with castle guard, is a blessing. I am forever replaying what I witnessed. People stand within the walls, ready to help however they can. I pass off the girl to one of the servants I recognise form the Lords house. As I watch her cower under the protection of the servant, I stand at the bridge, ushering people in from the town, all the while I watch the horizon, waiting for Sefare to return. A soldier lays his hand on my shoulder, turning me around. 

"Knight Adia, the scout returned. Queen Gwendolyn requests your presence immediately." He speaks through the panting, having ran here. 

I take one last look back out over the horizon, wanting and hoping. The soldier begs me again. I return to the throne room. Only one scout stands at the feet of the Queen. His tunic is torn, sword and scabbard bloodied. The queen gestures for the scout to leave. As we pass, I see the fear in eyes, the terror of whatever he saw will now haunt his dreams.

"Sefare is not with you?" The queen questions.

I bow to one knee, rising and wincing as my muscles burn. 

"She covered our escape. Demonic scouts ambushed the tail end of our caravan. Permission to ride back out to assist her." 

"Permission denied. We need you here. The one scout who returned spoke of legions upon legions of demons – like a red tide he said - washing over the landscape." Her words struggled to escape her lips. "It'll be no more than three days before they arrive. Preparations have begun to strengthen the defences – we have never faced a threat like this."

The problem weighs heavy upon her heart.

"Who else has returned my Queen?"

"Orella and Aelina returned as you did, unscathed you'll be pleased to hear."

"What of Ezabell and Lilian?"

"I'm afraid they haven't returned as of yet. Lakebury is the longest ride, we may see them the next morn."

That may be so, but concern will rest upon my shoulders until I see them return, safe. 

"We must also make preparations for your escape if the need arises." 

The Queen turns her head, looking out of the large window. 

"No. I will not be leaving, under any circumstances." 

"But – my Queen..." 

"I have spoken Adia!" 

I return to my knee. 

"As you wish. Where am I needed most?" 

"Oversee the siege preparations, we have to hold."

I nod and promptly leave the room. I snivel as I hide in a corridor, tears begin to streak down my cheeks. I squat, curling up, burying my head into my arms. I try to take deep breathes, calming the erratic thoughts rattling around inside my mind. Composing myself, I stand, wiping away the tears. I get my armour removed, requesting a new chest plate piece. I keep my sword at my side, walking around in my leather boots, trousers and a tunic. 

The remainder of the day was spent barricading doors and homes, readying streets for battle, creating bottlenecks and chokepoints, anything to slow their advance. Only one of the gates was kept open, the other barred and sealed by magic. Endless amounts of archery ammunition were stationed at the battlements atop the walls. Rudimentary palisades were built within the town, hopefully, the demons would never get that far. The trebuchets upon the bastions were loaded. Everyone within the city was tense, a shared held breath before the storm. 

I stood watch atop the battlements, eyes fixed on the horizon. Sefare, the soldiers and the Lords Wife had yet to return. As rumours spread of their demise, I too began to lose hope. The night was dark, torches waxed and waned as a constant breeze washed up against the walls. Soldiers gathered around braziers, trying to keep warm. The blanketed sky hid the starts once again. As my eyes grew weary, a flicker of light on the horizon caught my attention. I rubbed away the sleep and leaned forward, more lights began to appear. They were torches.

"Open the gates and lower the bridge I yell!"

Soldiers stand to their feet, peering over the wall with me. The crank begins to creak to life, the drawbridge slowly begins to lower. 

"Archers!"

Men clamber for their bows, notching an arrow, waiting for the next order. Screams echo out across the open terrain. I see the muddied armour of Sefare and a handful of soldiers running at full sprint. Their hands wave out frantically. I smile, they've made it. They are not out of danger yet, no further than fifty feet behind them, demonic scouts, screaming out. Giving chase, Sefare will be run down. 

"Orders Adia?" One of the archers says. 

"We can't fire, we might hit our own." My mind races, I try to think. "Ready my horse!" I scream down to the stable. 

I rush down the steps, frantically trying to organise myself. I grab a spear and swing up and onto my horse. A handful of soldiers sally up also. The gate is slow to open, I grow impatient. As soon as the gap is big enough, I slap the horse into full gallop. The demon's screams continue to pierce the all but quiet night. We are quick to pass Sefare. She and her men are battered and bloodied. I return my attention to the approaching spawn. I lower the spear and roar. 

My spear skewers one, driving it through the chest and into the ground, quickly silencing the beast. I draw my sword and turn back. Two other soldiers managed to hit their target. Another was torn from his saddle. The demon had his razor-sharp teeth ripping junks from his neck. Again, I force the horse into a gallop. My sword meets the neck of another as it turns and looks up, head sent flying through the air. The remaining scouts are swiftly dispatched by the men at my side. 

I breathe long sighs of relief. 

"Bring than man back to the castle." I point to the fallen soldier. 

Sefare and her men had stopped running, exhausted and frightened. I pull my horse beside Sefare, leap off and pull her close. 

"By the gods, I had begun to lose hope."

She chuckles.

"You think I'd go down to a couple of scouts." Smirking as she talks. "How did the others fair?"

"Orella and Aelina made it back. Ezabell and Lilian are yet to return."

The news saddens her eyes. 

"Come, let us get you back into the castle."

Returned, I am somewhat at peace. I need not worry with Sefare at my side. She was covered, head to toe, in sweat, blood and dirt. She was submerged, up to neck, in a bathing tub. I was sat over her, rubbing away at the grime with a sponge. 

"After you left more appeared, we were forced into the treeline. So many more turned up, we fended them off as long as we could, but there were just too many – they tore apart so many of us – we kept moving all day, constantly looking over our shoulder."

Tears began to pool in her beautiful brown eyes. I drop the sponge and pull her close. 

"You did what any of us would have done." 

"They still took the Lords wife – we couldn't save her – the things they did to her..." 

"I know, I know. If it weren't for you, I believe I would have met the same fate."

She pulls back and our eyes meet. The tears make hers shimmer in the flickering torch light. I gently caress her cheeks, cupping them as I pull her in close, planting a kiss. Her lips are voluptuous and soft, like fine silk. The kiss lingers. Her hands reach around my body, pulling me in as our lips move across each other's. I push my tongue in, dancing and intertwining with hers. I can feel the rush of adrenaline. My flesh burns with desire. My nipples start to get hard, pushing through the loose gown I wear. 

As we passionately kiss, swapping salvia, I trail a hand down her toned, beautiful ebony skin. I venture under the water line, running my hand across her pubic mound, gently flicking against her clit. Her back arches, she moans into my mouth as I hold her head. Her hands move from my waist and begin to massage my aching tits over the rough cloth of my gown. I coo in response, picking up the pace under the water, with more passion I rub against her lips. Her hips gyrate in response, riding my hand. 

She pushes me back, tearing me from the kiss. Stepping up from the bath, water glistens in the dim orange light against her gorgeous, ebony form. Her perfect tits hang on her chest, nipples fully erect. My eyes explore her body. I can feel my sex becoming wet, just by laying my eyes upon Sefare and her beauty. She steps out from the bathing tub and moves over to me. Her hands grab at the bottom of my gown and yank it up and over my head. Both hands plant on my chest, I am pushed back into the stone wall. I gasp, the cold of the stone shivering down my spine. 

We resume our kiss, tongues buried in each other's mouths. Whilst her hand runs down my stomach she pulls back. 

"This is for riding out to save me." A cheeky smirk crosses her lips. 

Her hand quickly moves to my lips, she presses her middle and ring finer into my pussy, parting my lips. I gasp again in shock. Her lips leave a trail of kisses down my neck as I try to hold in my moans, biting down hard on my lip as she finger bangs me against the wall. Her fingers push all the way in, gesturing a 'come here' motion as she pulls back. My body writhes, muscles twitching, my back arches against the wall. With her free hand she pulls my arms above my head, pinning them. 

Her mouth moves across my chest, her tongue begins swirling around my nipple, teasing out the moment. She flicks my nipple a few times, sending electricity dancing across my skin. Her pace picks up, the wet slapping sound from her hand against my sex echoes out in the small, steamy room. She fills her mouth with my tit, sucking on it hard as I start to gyrate and ride her fingers, amplifying the pleasure. Sefare was ravishing my body, all of it overwhelming me. My legs become weak as I orgasm on her fingers, I cry out in ecstasy, unable to hold my moans in. 

I almost drop to the floor as my legs tremble violently. My muscles tense up, my hands balling up into fists. I wince hard, screams of pleasure ring out as Sefare continues to plough her fingers into me, my pussy clamping around them. I had melted in her arms. She agonisingly withdraws her fingers. 

"Fuuuuuck." I moan. 

She looks up at me and smiles, licking her fingers, lapping up my juices. I clutched her huge ass in my hands, pulling her in close. We continue to kiss, I taste my sex on her tongue. I too pull my head back. 

"This is for saving me from that demon." I smirk. 

I switch positions, throwing her around me and up against the wall. Her beautiful breasts press up against the wall, she giggles as the cold tickles her nipples. Her mesmerizing form arches, tip toeing as I squat down behind her. I plant kisses up the inside of her leg, they tremble and shudder in response. I move up until I plant a final kiss on her pussy. She coos, biting her tongue, trying to keep the noise down. I tease my tongue along her cunt, running up and down, slowly, sensually. I wrap my hands around her thighs and pull her closer as I bury my tongue between her lips. 

"Ugh fuck!" She yells. 

My face is buried in her beautiful ass whilst I push my tongue into her pussy. I thrash my tongue around, moving unpredictably, keeping her moaning. 

"Oh fuck – don't stop, don't stop!" She whimpers and begs.

Her body trembles in my hands, I move a hand from her thigh and motion my thumb in circles on her clit. She braces herself, clawing at the wall, moans becoming louder. Her body convulses as she orgasms in my mouth. I lap up her juices, swallowing it all. I continue to push my tongue inside her, rubbing at her swollen clit. 

"Uuuuuf- fuck!" She cries out. 

Her legs give out, she drops from tip toeing, I hold her up as I let her relish the moment, live in the ecstasy of our moment together. Sefare begins to control her, what was, erratic breathing. I stand up and run my hands over her soft skin. She turns on the spot and we kiss once more. 

"Let us fight so that we may share more moments like this." 

Her forehead presses up against mine as we stand, completed naked, in the bathing room.

"With you by my side, there is no chance of loss." I smile.