 Note from the author: This is my first attempt at writing a sexual story. Please be patient with me.



The wind whistled past her pointed ears as she flew through the sky, feeling the shift of her partners muscles beneath her. Her silver hair, tied back in a braid, flopped against her back as he twisted and turned, flipped and spun. She laughed, no longer containing the pure joy that flying always brought her.

Elana thought back to her past 500 years of life. She had been 8 when she found Neheil's egg, silver among the rocks and buried down in the dirt. Thinking that is was just a pretty silver rock, she dug at it until it was apparent that it was significantly bigger then she thought. When it was finally free, she tried to it carry back, but found it was too bulky for her young arms, so she ran and got a sling to put it in, and carried it across her back. When she got home, she put it in the corner of her room where she kept all her treasures.

About five days later, the silver dragon hatched. Elana was fascinated by it, and moved close to the hatchling to pet it. No sooner had she touched it when a bright spark of light flashed, sending both the little girl and the hatchling sprawling. Elana got up and shook her head, then checked on the hatchling. He stood, looking at her expectantly. She knew that her life had changed then and there, but what she didn't know was how much.

Fifty years later, after her training had been completed, Elana returned to the village of her birth. She was still young in Elvin standards, and at the right age to be marrying, and fell in love with a local boy from her tree-top village, Stefan. They spent months together, inseparable. She had just considered releasing Neheil from his bond so that they both could take the mates that they deserved when a rebel raid occurred. Many elves died, including her sister and Stefan. Elana heaved a sigh as she thought about her lost love, a tear streaming down her cheek. 

She suddenly felt a the brush of Neheil's mind on hers, drawing her back to the present. "Is everything Ok, My love? You seem a little distracted." He asked through mind touch as he leveled out, locking his wings and gliding over the warm air currents from the lake below. Dragons could not speak any language, so they communicated though touching the minds of others and planting their words.

"Everything is fine, Neheil. I was just thinking back to when I first found your egg. So many things have changed in our lives since then."

"Like what, my love?"

"First off, all my family is long gone. My sister, my mother, my father, all killed over 100 years ago. And Stefan, I still miss him dearly." 

"You knew when you entered training to become a Drache Reiter that you would outlive them. Do not mourn their passing."

"But my sister was so young when she died. Cut down in her prime by those rebels! And they stole Stefan, the love of my life, away from me!"

"My love, you have avenged them both. You ended that war, almost single handedly when others failed. But that is not what is bothering you, I know it. Tell me the truth."

"I have become lonely. All the young men my age were sent off to war, and most of them killed. The rest have already taken lifelong mates. No one older wants to take a Drache Reiter as a mate, and all the younger ones fear me cause of all the blood I have shed. If only I was a male, I would not encounter this problem."

"If you were a male" Neheil growled "You would be long dead with the others, or mated already. Didn't they teach you anything when you were in training."

"They taught me that only male dragons choose riders, and that female dragons choose to stay free so that they can breed with the Dragons that have been released from their bonds."

"And..."

"And that only women can be Drache Reiter."

"Do you know why, my love."

Elana thought back through all her years of training, but the answer eluded her. "No, I think I fell asleep during that lesson."

"Because Male dragons become closer to their riders then female dragons do. And males tend to take their riders as a mate, if they are not released from their bonds."

"Will you be one of those dragons that takes his rider as his mate?"

"Only if my rider agrees to it. I have thought about it on more then one occasion. And by the flames, my love, I want it so badly."

Elana thought about it, picturing that huge cock of Neheil's entering her, breaking her maiden head, filling her and making her scream out in pleasure. It sent a shutter down her spine. "I don't know. Have any Reiter ever died from mating with their dragon?"

"Never. We care for our riders, and are cautious when we first take them."

Elana could feel herself getting wet from talking like this. She ground her pussy against Neheil's back, groaning at the pleasure that it created. "When do I have to decide if I want to be your mate or not. Does it have to be before the first time we, well, you know."

"No. Most dragons give their riders one fucking before the rider chooses. Most riders love it and can never go back to a basic cock, Elvin or Human. Some can't stand it, release their dragon from his bond, and find a mate among their species."

"I will give a try. But if I don't like it, we never have to do it again, do we? I don't think I can stand to release you from your bond though, with you having been my only constant companion for the past 100 years."

"Do not worry, my love. If it does not work out, I will still be faithful to you as your dragon. But please, let it happen soon. Your grinding against my shoulder is driving me insane!"

"Then let's head back to our tree." She replied.

Neheil pulled a nosedive, for he had already been circling their home the entire time they had been talking. He landed lightly on the balcony of Oak wood that grew from the tree. Elana slipped off his back, and he walked in and over to his padded cushion. He watched Kate close the sliding doors hidden in the walls of the tree-house. She then turned to face him

"How does this happen."

"First, you remove the outer layer that covers your skin due to modesty. It will just get in the way."

She unlaced the simple dress and let it fall to the floor, then as an afterthought reached behind her and pulled off the leather thong that she used to keep her hair tied. Without the small strip of leather binding the braid, it quickly fell out, hanging down below her ass. She padded silently over to her partner of the sky and sank down. He shifted his hind legs, revealing his semi-hard cock jutting out of it's sheath.

She gasped at how it looked. The tip was human like, and it was thin just behind the tip. But as it got closer to the base, it got wider. About half way down was a knot in his dick, slightly larger then the rest. The entire length looked to be about two and a half feet long.

She reached forward and grasped it, easily wrapping her hand around it's tip. She leaned into it and began to lick, needing no prompting from her dragon. While she licked and sucked the tip, she let her hand rub up and down his shaft, earning herself a satisfied hum from Neheil and his cock growing harder. She gasped when she suddenly felt a tongue at her pussy, flicking and teasing her. She moaned, released his cock, and flipped over to her back to allow him better access. He licked the outer lips, then suddenly darted his tongue into her. She gasped and went ridged as his tongue twisted, sending jolts of pure pleasure all over her body. Just as she thought it couldn't get any better, Neheil removed his tongue form her pussy and shoved it up her ass, making her see stars.

"Neheil, I need you, now! By the flames, quit teasing me!"

"You are ready, my love. He said as he repositioned himself. I think we will need to raise you up a bit. You are too low."

"How about my bed? It is high enough that I will be in a perfect line with you, and thin enough for you to stand over it easily." 

"Of course, why didn't I think of that. You are brilliant, my love." He moved back to allow Elana to stand on her own accord and walk over to her bed. She laid down at the bottom edge of it, with her hair fanned out on the sheets behind her. She watched as her dragon walked over to her, and felt her stomach knot in anticipation and fear.

"Relax, my love. My magic takes away the pain of the first entrance." He said as he nuzzled at her chest with the tip of his nose and positioned himself perfectly over her sex.

Elana took a deep breath, let it out, and closed her eyes. "I'm ready."

With a quick thrust, Neheil entered her without any delay, only inserting the very tip of his cock at first.

The first thrust was the most shocking. It broke her maiden head, but it didn't hurt. In fact, it felt wonderful. Neheil paused as the first wave of pleasure passed. Then he started to move slowly, pushing deeper and deeper into her slit. When she felt his knot brushing her clit, he stopped pushing more in, but stayed at a steady pace. She moaned with pleasure, and knew that Neheil was holding back, taking it slow for her. Elana could sense his need to take her completely. "By the flames, fuck me you beautiful dragon."

"As you wish, my Love." He answered, speeding up his pace. He fucked her relentlessly. She came, seeing stars in front of her eyes. As she came down from her orgasm, she sensed that Neheil still was holding back. He had gotten considerably harder since he had started, and now hammered her pussy at a relentless speed. She could barely believe his control. But all thought evaporated as, at last, he pushed his knot past her opening. This sent her rocketing into an orgasm again. This time, her dragon came with her, shooting his hot seed deep into her and roaring in satisfaction. She came back to earth, felt Neheil pull out of her and begin to clean her off by licking her. She passed out in pure bliss, thinking that she finally found the one thing that she had been missing in her life, a sexual partner who cared for her with his entire heart.

***

Elana woke up the next morning in her bed, with Neheil curled around it as best he could. The rise and fall of his sides told her that he was asleep, so she quietly got out of bed and went to use the wash room. She took a cold bath, relishing the cool water on her sore muscles. After about an hour and a half she heard Neheil finally stirring. She toweled off and returned to their room.

"Good morning, my love He greeted her Did you enjoy your bath?"

"Yes, I did, but what I enjoyed the most was last night. That was amazing."

"Have you decided what you are going to do?"

"Yes. I have decided to take you as my mate. After the performance you gave last night, I don't think I could stand any thing less then a dragon's cock."

He raised his head and nuzzled his rider and mate "I am glad you have chosen to be my mate. I have loved you from the moment you touched me, over 450 years ago, but now it is more then love. I am completely devoted to you, and I always will be."