 "My lord, I am yours entirely."

The voice was completely wrong. As were the words. Taskmaster spirits were not supposed to be either that obsequious or that feminine. I waited for the smoke to clear from the circle with a slight grimace of anticipation, not sure exactly what had happened or whether I had even performed the ritual properly in the first place.

As soon as I saw the shape, I put a hand to my temple, trying not to simply hang my head in frustration- this was not an inexpensive ceremony, and the otherworldly assistant I had tried to summon was clearly not present. This had a head, for one thing, and also only two arms. There were a few possibilities, none of them good. Overly human in shape was almost always a bad sign, and I had not prepared in the least for anything dangerous.

Whatever it was stood up, and I was pretty sure that I could make out a female silhouette in the clearing smoke. It walked towards me, and none too slowly. I braced for the worst, raising my hands in the closest I could muster to a defense against the likes of a void soldier or a death golem.

I closed my eyes entirely at what looked like a lunging motion, deciding it was better to see nothing in my last seconds than whatever hellish visage was making them my last seconds. After a number of decidedly nonlethal seconds, I relaxed a little, taking in exactly what had happened.

This was certainly not a death golem. In fact, it was shorter than me by a little bit, and decidedly feminine in form. Strikingly attractive either, an appealingly lithe build with a short, thin tail. The skin was fairly subtle, but still a definitely inhuman shade of light blue. I quickly realized just how badly I had deviated from some aspect of the summoning. This, in all likelihood, was a succubus.

In almost the precise instant that I came to that realization, it- or, rather, she straightened up from the completely prostrate bow, putting both hands on my chest and looking at me with a curious expression.

"Can my lord not speak?"

She seemed genuinely confused, almost out of her element. I moved my mouth, and was fairly certain that no words were produced in the process. She tilted her head a bit, seemingly trying to grasp the situation.

"Were you expecting... taller? Red? More curves?"

She seemed concerned more than anything else, staring intently at me and obviously hoping for some kind of reassurance.

"I may not be the best, but I'm very good at what I do- no mortal can compete with me, at least. Here, I'll show you!"

I managed to catch her before she sunk to her knees entirely, but her hands had made their way between my legs before I could entirely intervene.

"I don't need that. You're not supposed to be here. The last thing I need is a pleasure demon, I'm not a rich man. Not even close."

"Isn't that all the more reason to have me around? I can take your mind of all of those troubles, my lord."

I had to work to hold her wrists in place this time, doing my level best to avoid further entanglement. I knew extraplanar beings well enough to be competent that this was all an act, but I still felt vaguely guilty about giving her this much of a hard time.

"Oh, does my lord enjoy holding me in place, exerting control?"

"No! I needed a worker, not something that prevents me from working! You're very good at this, I'm sure, but I have a production quota and it's steep enough without taking time off to try to keep a succubus satisfied. I'm sorry."

"But it's my job to keep my lord fulfilled and content- why else would he have summoned me?"

It pained me to react, but she looked so hurt that lowering my voice a little felt natural.

"I made a mistake. I really... appreciate that you're doing this, but I can't just keep you around. I have to work. I'm sorry."

"So I have to go back, then?"

She was by far too expressive for comfort. I was beginning to understand why these things were considered so troublesome.

"I really don't want to go back, my lord. I just want to serve you."

"I need a mortal woman someday, not a servant from another world. Although you can stay- for a little while- if you don't get in the way of things. Consider it a vacation, just try to contribute a bit to what I'm doing."

I might as well have just crowned her queen of something. Her cheeks turned a purple that I assumed was her equivalent of a blush, and she planted a kiss on my chest, absolutely beaming. As if remembering something, she excitedly grabbed both of my wrists.

"Please, can I at least thank you, my lord? It is my reason for existence, after all."

Silence, in her mind, apparently translated to affirmative. She had me nude from the waist down in an alarmingly brief span of time, and was enthusiastically stroking me before I had time to fully comprehend that she had started. If nothing else, her sheer excitement was compelling, and I could not have been bothered to so much as try to suppress a long groan of pleasure.

"My lord enjoys his servant's touch?"

She looked up me with the same radiant smile as before, and I managed a forceful nod, thoroughly absorbed in the sensation. In response, she planted several kisses on my manhood, each a small drop of ecstasy in its own right. Moving both hands up and down, she spoke in a low whisper, evidently feeling no small amount of pleasure herself.

"I wish for nothing more than to please you, my lord. Nothing could make me happier than your satisfaction. Your praise is more precious than all the treasure of this world."

I took a few deep breaths, figuring that she more than deserved a few words of encouragement.

"Good... girl. That works, right?"

I interpreted her instantaneous use of her mouth as an affirmative. She took a moment to breathe after several extremely moist trips up and down, practically purring with excitement.

"I love those words, my lord. They remind me where I belong. Wholly in your service."

With that, she returned to her task- I felt it practically unfair to be given so much while she paid no attention to her own needs. At the same time, the complete indulgence of the situation had an appeal all its own. As far as I could tell, my satisfaction really was at the forefront for her. On some level, I knew full well that this could rapidly become habit-forming, but I found it hard to care. My hand on her head felt perfectly natural, as did the slow pumping of my hips. Taking all the pleasure I could from her mouth seemed more right and fitting than almost anything I had ever done, and a series of muffled whimpers from below seemed to agree.

The lips around my manhood were inhumanly warm, and her saliva itself seemed perfect for its task, a wonderfully slippery fluid that added sensations I never would have thought possible. The golden glow of her irises, impossible for any human, practically radiated lust. She was truly a being meant for this purpose, a living avatar of pleasure.

Nearing climax seemed practically inevitable, and I was amazed that I had not done so even sooner. She somehow sensed that, pressing her mouth to my hips and pushing as if she wished she could go further, completely enveloping me in the perfectly indulgent heat of her throat.

For a long moment, the world was completely blank, all concerns and thought vanished in an instant. Everything returned as I exhaled, but with a warm glow of satisfaction, the entirety of my mind tinged with a deep, lingering pleasure, my body pulsing slow, hot waves of energy through itself over and over again.

She pulled herself away, a few long ropes of that spectacular saliva still hanging between me and her lips, drops of my seed spilling over her darker blue lips. Her face spoke of a great delight that words would have likely been unable to convey. However, as clarity returned in full, I was confused. She seemed completely content exactly where she was.

"What about you?"

"What about me? You are satisfied, my lord. That is what matters."

"But you just did all of that- you expect nothing in return? How?"

"This is what I am. You summoned me, so you are my owner. No compensation would be needed."

I frowned. Even if that was true, I disliked the idea of completely ignoring her. I doubted that I would be able to keep up with her in terms of direct repayment, but I had to give her something.

"Fine. You can stay here. Just keep yourself amused, alright? I need to work. Understood?"

"I can stay?"

"Yes. I-"

I thought she had smiled before. The combination of relief and happiness on her face utterly glowed. In that moment, I absolutely could not comprehend anyone being anything other than considerate to a creature like her, let alone what I had heard described in certain texts. I simply let her enjoy whatever she was feeling for a time.

"I still don't know what to call you, though."

"I need no name. I answer to your command."

She was confused again. No matter. Regardless of her ideas and the undeniable temptation to do otherwise, I was determined to see her as a companion of sorts.

"Not happening. I'm going to call you..."

I had few ideas, but was still unable to break away from her golden eyes. Golden.

"Aurea. Is that alright?"

"Aurea."

She repeated it a few times, evidently not completely sure of herself. After a while she nodded, seemingly pleased.

"Aurea. That's my name."

"Yes. Now, you promised- can you give me some time to build what I need to build here? I can't keep you if you're constantly in the way."

"As you wish, my lord."

Her unquestioning obedience was both strange and almost uncomfortably appealing. Admitting to myself that I enjoyed it was somewhat difficult. Shrugging, I did my best to concentrate on the workbench in front of my, knowing full well that this was, in all likelihood, merely a beginning.