 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Author's note's: Chapter 1 is a glimpse into the younger years of Eldar Silvertree. They are drawn from his journal entries. The main story is seen in Chapter 2 and beyond.

Prologue

During the 6th Era of the Dragon Arlos, the world of Tildar was a complex place. Wars existed between different cultures with the races being only mildly tolerant of each other. Intermixing of races was highly discouraged. Even between different groups of the elves such as Drow, wood-elves, Moon-elves, and even High-elves were considered 'impurities' within their own race let alone breeding with humans.

The Council of Dragons had formalized a method for all races to track the years of each era. All races had since adopted this as the standard method for tracking time in accordance with the Peace Treaty ending the War of Dragons. Each era was 1,000 years and was named after a different dragon that has passed on during the first 900 years of the previous era.

Dragons tend to take their time on matters so 99 years became the standard period of time for the Council to debate this issue. Prior to this time, each race kept track of time differently even changing often based upon the ruler at the time. Tildar had a few peculiarities like three moons. The first moon known as Darion was unusual in that it appears low on the horizon but only does so at dusk and dawn.

Darion was always a full moon. The other two moons were known as the twins and had regular but daily lunar cycles. The moons were extremely close together, so both moons would be in the same cycles. Full moons were considered a time of celebration and storytelling as the two moons had the appearance of the comedy and tragedy masks.

Chapter 1 Who Am I?

21st Janta 6942

My first journal entry; after 10 years of life one of the oddest things I had found is history. While history is recorded by scholars and historians, very little was recorded from the firsthand account of those who were involved. I would want some means to have a say in any history written about me! I took the quill to this journal to record my own thoughts. Who am I?

I was born on the 5th of Septa in the year 6931 on the night of the double crescent—which was the easiest part of my life that everyone can agree upon. My mother was Elara Strong Oak of the wood-elves, and my father was Heliar'vasius Silvertree of the Moon-elves. My name is Eldar Silvertree...sort of. My parents were never married having a yearlong romance during the Hordda Orc Wars, which ran from 6920 to 6930.

Both my parents were in their first century of life with my father approaching the end of his first century, just 20 to 30 years into adulthood when I was conceived. I was not just a bastard but an impure bastard. If I had been half human, I would have been an abomination bastard! I lucked out in that regard. My father recognized me as his eldest child, though he was forbidden by his family from even considering marrying a Wood-elf.

My mother was a warrior good with a bow and quick with dual blades, while my father was a mage that was OK with a sword. My features were a stark mix of my parents. I had the olive complexion of my mother and the silver hair color of my father. My eyes were a completely different story. Violet eyes are considered a rare feature in the moon-elf line. Normally there were gold flecks in the iris or even no flecks, my eyes had silver flecks in the iris.

1st Feba 6980

I spent the first 37 years of my life living with my mother and training with bows. I was adequate with a bow and the swords which I excelled. My father came to see me only once during this time when I was 35. He gifted me with my first true prized possession. An elven long sword made of red crystal. The sword was obviously enchanted, but my father stated he would not give me the command word for another 40 years and only if I took good care of it.

Tragedy struck in my 37th year when my mother was killed during a border skirmish. With no Wood-elf relative willing to take me in I was sent to my father. My arrival in the capital City of Ailleron created havoc for my father. He had been married for only 11 years and I had a half-brother named Elios'vasius who was 3 years old.

His wife was Vattia'Desua Silvertree, who came from a wealthy Moon-elf family. The marriage was arranged to strengthen magical traits in the offspring they produced. Needless to say, I never met either of them. My father's family, as my father was away at the time, immediately sent me to the Academy as soon as I arrived at the city gates.

All students of the Academy lived in dormitories which kept me out of their sight. They went about testing me for different talents in order to figure out which path my education should proceed. Interestingly enough, my strength in swords was noted as well as a yet untapped aptitude in magic.

My time was split between the melee and arcane institutions with a focus on magic initially in order to get me caught up to where someone of my age should be. Testing for arcane talents in the very remote parts of the kingdom was rare, my skills were far behind my peers. Hopefully, my life would have some meaning.

...

Deca 17th 6981

I have given up on making friends at the Academy. I have a few acquaintances. The history of the Orc wars are a topic of interest to me. I have taken the time to read as much as I could on the subject. I went back 5,000 years to look at the area maps of the Elven Kingdom. Hundreds of miles of land had been lost. Entire sections of forests had not been replanted.

Maybe it was the Wood-elf in me. I thought it should be important to stop the loss of territory. Maybe even reclaim some of it, if possible.

...

Septa 5th 6986

Life in school is lonely and difficult. Very few students of undesired lineages stayed long at the Academy. Some of the more intolerant bullies left me alone due to my last name and others because of my speed with a sword. Today, I turn 55. To my surprise, I was one of six students brought in for additional evaluation. I was given no warning as to what this would entail or who would be doing the evaluation.

The six of us were broken into two groups and each person faced off against each member of the opposite team in the use of swords. The top three then moved onto facing each other in terms of magical skill. The top two moving forward to face off in a head to head competition. I was selected to face off with a student who was five years my senior.

He lived for offensive spellcasting while I was a better swordsman who mixed offensive and defensive spells. Knowing he would not immediately challenge me with swords I went casting shield as I expected and got a magic missile thrown at me. I went for a melee attack that caused him to lose concentration and disrupted his spell. I cast a mirror image after he disengaged.

I pressed forward with my melee strikes as his shocking grasp got one of my mirror images. I gave him no room to cast spells. My melee attacks put him completely into a melee defensive position. He finally yielded. The elf that conducted the evaluation was actually a half-elf Blade Singer Grand Master. He came to the academy to select an apprentice. Grand Master Yetto offered to train me.

This was a 30-year commitment just to become a Master with a requirement to return to the academy every 20-30 years to be evaluated for Grand Master status. Once a Grand Master at least one 30-year commitment to training an apprentice is required. Selecting an Academy student was desired but not required. If you defeat an existing master or Grand Master who has gone rogue in combat you should claim their ring.

Any rings of fallen Masters or Grand Masters should be returned as soon as practical. Any details of how the ring was obtained should also be given. This was a huge commitment and a great honor. I told Grand Master Yetto I had not been informed what the evaluation was concerning. He states it was irregular to not be informed beforehand. I told him I would be honored to be his apprentice.

He understood my situation and he was trained by his mother outside of the academy. He wanted to be recognized as a Grand Master which he just completed. Grand Masters could only be recognized through the Academy. He decided he wanted to take on at least one apprentice before he died as half-elves have a very short lifespan compared to other elves.

While my master understood my problems with acceptance in the elven community, he would not allow it to be a crutch or a motivation in my instruction. My biggest competition was and always would be against myself and my own fears. Now the downside to all of this was a strict code of conduct. Honor in all actions in battle and protection of the elven people being the two big issues.

While I believed in helping fellow elves, they tended to only play lip service to it. When I get done with school, I would look to leave the City as I have no home. I would either be an adventurer looking for lost treasures or a mercenary. Heck, I could be both I have a long life if I keep my wits about me.

...

Miya 15th 6991

Every five years during this training Blade Song apprentices faced off against each other; my instructor told me to not expect to win these competitions until my twenty-fifth or thirtieth year evaluations. There were thirty apprentices at this evaluation and I was one of five first time competitors and I finished in 23rd place, top spot by any five years that came into the contest.

...

Mia 15th 6996 Era of the Dragon Trogan

My 10-year evaluation, 32 competitors in the field with graduates having moved on and seven new 5th years entered the contest. I finished 13th out of the field but another 10th year finished in 11th a High-elf named Traylar'sune Goldensong. I found her fighting style to be unpredictable at times. As though she had been able to anticipate the opponent's next move in some cases.

...

Septa 5th 6996

I received an envelope in the mail with a Silvertree logo and a slip of paper with the command word and the phrase to enjoy. I didn't put the command word into my journal as I don't want to spread that information around. But I did head out to a practice field and thought the words after drawing the sword and purple and blue flames flickered across the edge of the blade and the red crystal turned black.

The fire puts off torchlight but increases low-light vision range to almost double. The dark vision was an entirely different matter as they were originally designed to fight abyssal creatures and their minions, such as the Drow. This blade was definitely a one-off from being a Hells Blade. They were all said to be of a black crystal that repels other light sources.

The sword carried a similar enchantment it was not one of those blades. It was said that the spell used to enchant the blade was lost to known memory, since before the first age. Something to watch for in my travels. Today also marked my move out of standard dorm housing and into the adult dorm housing. Not many adults still attending the Academy but because of our age and potential for sex, we are moved out.

...

Janta 15th 6999

While this did not affect me personally, I thought it worth noting. The Council of Dragons was late in naming the next Dragon year Era—Trorgar. Apparently, the heated debate resulted in merging two dragons' names together in order to end the deadlock— the first time in known history. The two dragons in question Rogartus and Trobarim; a gold versus red dragon no less.

The council was typically made up of nine members; however, a council member fell ill and died mysteriously before the final ballot occurred resulting in a four to four standoff.

...

Octa 7th 7000

My voracious reading habits continued to get me into trouble; My instructor Fleius, Goldenear shouted at students who got the data on elven treaties wrong. Then she shouted at me for correcting her on mistakes she has made in regards to the treaties. Does anyone besides the students actually read the treaties with our allies?

There was some great stuff that could be called into play from those treaties. The problem was they require a village capable and willing to support a multi-racial protection force in order to cover borderlands. No elf village or human town would support and house such a group. She did not know why the entries were placed in the treaty and they 'might as well not exist.'

I started reading the Dwarven treaties this week to see what they had on this. I just wanted to know how close we were tied to the so-called allies. I had always had a great memory. Instructors just hated being shown up.

...

Mia 15th 7001

My 15th-year evaluation, 36 competitors in the field with graduates having moved on and twelve new 5th years entered the contest. I shocked the field by winning the contest this year while Traylar'sune Goldensong finished in 4th place. If her stare would have been daggers, they would have plunged through me. I found the tell in her fighting style and it wasn't something I expected.

Magical equipment is not allowed in the contest but I noticed a dim green light from under the edge of her armor but this only occurred when an opponent had cast an offensive spell at her. I could not come out and accuse her of cheating as all gear is inspected and I still managed to beat her.

...

Feba 27th 7003

My mind was drifting. Traylar'sune Golensong would run a sword through me than spend 10 minutes talking to me. She was starting to come into her own; more than just on the field. Last competition she managed to move up to 4th place but I am not sure how much she deserved. She spent time off the field between matches flirting with her opponents instead of watching their matches.

She figured out a way to distract them with her hips, but she was all flirt. What am I saying she was not even of legal age yet? I needed to keep my wits about me as she would be gunning for me. Her friends have even started taunting me that she was going kick my tail in the next competition. Good thing I was in the Adult dorms or I would not get a moments peace.

...

Janta 6th 7006

Oh, by the god's, someone is out to sabotage me. What is the likelihood that two bards would fail an advance music composition course at the same time and turn 75 within days of each other? Then be moved into the room next to mine when half the building was empty. I could hear them fucking each other in the nether-hole. The night always started out the same.

First Jamous fucking Egis and you can tell by the different octaves in their voice. I swear they were trying to fuck in two-part harmony and worked the rhythm section to improve their performance. Then Egis Fucking Jamous followed by blow jobs for each of them in the same order. The only time one of the two was quiet.

The other made up for it by shouting "Oh Gods yes suck it harder." or "Stick a third finger into my nether-hole I am going to blow and I want it all over your face." Three hours later and they went for another round. I asked for a change of rooms and it was denied. No explanation just denied.

I thought if their instructor spent an evening or two in their room, he could see they could do advanced composition. They were well versed in percussion, voice, and playing of the skin flute. To each their own. If cock in mouth suited them with shit still on it that was their business. I adjusted my schedule without authorization. I started doing my sword practice at night and snuck back into the dorm in the morning and got my sleep.

...

Mia 15th 7006

My 20-year evaluation, 26 competitors in the field with graduates having moved on and six new 5th years entering the contest. I shocked the field by winning the contest for the second time in a row while Traylar'sune Goldensong finished in second place and her eye daggers continue to fly. The green tell was still present. Just like last time, I did not cast any spells directly on her.

...

Mia 16th 7006

As I suspected; a 6-month course had suddenly become a 4-month course. My two love bird neighbors had moved out and graduated out of the cycle. They were placed there to try and screw with my performance at the match yesterday. I saw them collecting a small bag of coins from Traylar'sune Goldensong's father before the match. I could guess who arranged my musical interlude.

...

Mia 16th 7011

The holy day for Corellon Larethian fell on the 15th of the year so the contest was moved a day out. He is the elven god for both magic and warfare. With a large number of faithful worshipers unwilling to attend this event in favor of another revelry. The contest was pushed out a day. I thought that the greatest tribute to the god would be to have the contest on his birthday.

My 25-year evaluation, 26 competitors in the field with graduates having moved on and eight new 5th years entering the contest. I shocked the field by winning for the third consecutive time. Traylar'Sune Goldensong finished in 2nd place again and she did not even make eye contact with me afterward. The green tell was still there so just like last time I did not cast any spells directly on her.

...

Junta 1st 7013

Of all the luck. Apparently, there was an overcrowding situation at the main dorm. Traylar'Sune Goldensong being one of the eldest students and being of age in 2 years was moved into my dorm down the hall. Now all traffic going in that direction was blocked off which meant an extra 10 minutes to get to classes. Being forced into going in the other direction.

...

Junta 1st 7015

Traylar'Sune Goldensong went out with thirty of her closest girlfriends to celebrate her coming of age party and brought them all back to the dorm to party all night as well. Guess who the entertainment was. Yep, the skin flute twins played music and sung until all hours of the morning.

...

Mia 13th 7016

A big fight down the hall and Traylar's boyfriend Vatlos Goldspring was being dumped by her. He shouted out, "She is a frigid fucking cock tease who wouldn't put out for anybody. Not unless they are in the Royal Family line, provide an engraved offer of marriage first, a wedding, then consummation can come when she is in the fucking mood which would be never!"

I now knew yet another slip in her form. Besides only working out two hours a day and that was not even true if you counted the hour and forty-five minutes, she either played at practice or simply took a break. I thought the practice was a ruse to get me to think she was not practicing for the upcoming match. Normally she practiced in private not out in a common area for all to see.

...

Mia 15th 7016

My 30-year evaluation, 27 competitors in the field with graduates having moved on and ten new 5th years entering the contest. Traylar'Sune stopped me before the contest to let me know she would beat me this year. I asked her if she wanted to place a wager on that? We set the stakes. I bet the sword my father gave me versus her virginity with a minor magical item.
