 This story contains characters who grow to crazy sizes, so if that is something you are not into, I would advise against reading this.

*****

"You're both in an open relationship, right? So what's the deal? Why you holding back?"

Gary had found himself in a rather compromising situation at his wife's holiday office party. As Maya presented in the other room at the quick all hands, her coworker and long-time friend Janet had him pinned to the wall in the next room. Her significant endowments, some measure fake from how firm they were against his chest, heaved with each breath. Her face was flush under her blonde bob. Her breath was tinged with alcohol. She was rubbing him through his dress slacks, her finger tracing the outline of his developing erection. She was practically humping his leg.

"Uh..." he said intelligently.

True, he and his newlywed wife had an understanding about either of them having sex with other partners, it had always been part of their relationship. If anything, it had become a competition recently thanks to the gift from her sister, a pagan priestess, who wanted to spice up their love lives a bit more. She cast a spell over them that when one of them had sex, the other would grew slightly in one way or another. Of course their honeymoon was at a swingers resort, so they found out rather quickly on the first day just how potent the changes were.

After that, the sex between them was phenomenal, as if them fucking deepened their connection. It certainly increased their libido. Hell, they had fucked each other more in the last month than they had the whole last year-on top of them each having several partners. The growing level of debauchery was how Gary had gone from meager but attractive to big and hunky in the span of month. It was how Maya had grown a foot in height and about half that in both her bust and hips to become this slim and stacked Asian goddess.

All of this was predicated on two rules: always keep the other in the loop and never fuck coworkers. He was dangerously close to violating both and he had never broken either before. Fighting the pleasure, he pushed Janet away and tried to leave, but she got between him and the door. She began to unbutton her blouse, showing off a lacy bra that was a tiny bit too small.

"I've got to have that cock. All she talks about on breaks is how big and hard you are."

"Janet, I cannot do this right now. If she's been that free about my cock, I'm sure she's told you the rules."

"Of course." Janet pulled her blouse off and walked closer, making Gary step back into the conference room table.

"Then you know coworkers are off limits," he said as she reached behind and undid the clasps of her bra.

"S'why I asked." She shrugged off her bra, but her large tits remained round on her chest. "She said yes, by the way. Didn't she tell you?"

-*-

In the other room, Maya's watch buzzed. She looked down at it as she checked her hasty notes. It was a message from Gary with their codeword and a question mark separated by a space. She assumed he was letting her know he was getting some action, so she swiped to the normal response giving him permission and thought nothing of it. There were other offices having parties that evening, it was certainly possible for him to have found someone to occupy the vacuum her boss' impromptu meeting had created.

She resumed speaking about how the department had been doing so well this year. They had shipped all of their enhancements with only two bugs. Their boss chimed in that everyone was getting a bonus. There was a lot of celebration about that.

While the staff cheered, she felt her 36F bra begin to tighten. The sensation was to be expected, Gary was probably halfway down the throat some cock-hungry woman who had no idea what she was getting into. In fact, the warmth felt wonderful as it spread over her tits. She felt them swell slightly against the cups, pushing against the straps and overflowing in a way that she knew would drive him nuts on the way home.

Putting the growth out of her mind as order was restored, she continued presenting. Filled with a renewed sense of confidence, she moved on to talking about the department's goals for the coming year. Only, the heat was not dissipating like normal. If anything, her rack was getting hotter with each passing minute. She could feel her girls starting to strain her button down as she turned to point at diagrams her assistant had put together for another presentation.

Just who was he fucking to still be going like this? It had been close to fifteen minutes now since she approved his request. She coughed and looked at her assistant, one of the few people she had told about her gift. Her fingers flicked one of their phrases. The charming young man blushed, but nodded in understanding.

"If you'll pardon me for a moment, Jakob will go over the road map and then I am sure you all may return to the festivities."

-*-

Gary had come twice in the last twenty minutes and yet was still hard as Janet rode him on top of the conference table. This was certainly not what he had expected to happen, but there was something about her that prevented him from going completely soft. 

Her fake tits were stunning to watch as they barely bounced while she ground against him. Her ass was much plumper in his grasp than he expected. However it was likely how she flexed her kegels in time with her movements that was to blame for the extended session. With every motion, her walls seemed to roll against him or they would stroke him as she moved back and forth.

They both jumped as the door opened and Maya walked in.

"I wondered why you had nipped off to the bathroom, Jan," she said. There was an audible click of the door locking. 

"I figured it was just the wine, but this is something else," she said shaking her head. Turning her attention to Gary she tilted her head. "Well?"

"I...ugh!" He thrust up into Janet as his eyes and balls squeezed tight for a third time. The burst of spunk was enough to push her over as well and she moaned deeply before collapsing onto him-panting, but still moving weakly. There was a twang and then a ping, followed by a second. 

He opened his eyes to his wife leaning over him, her cleavage bursting through a gap in her shirt. It seemed she had popped two buttons with that last orgasm. "She said you had already approved," he gasped. "I sent you a text asking for help and you sent back the go ahead so I thought-"

"Oh? Was that what that was? Our codeword and a question mark was supposed to mean something other than 'can I have sex?' You couldn't say anything more about asking for a special exemption from the rules?" She paused and sighed. 

"No, I can't get angry at you for this. You did your part and I did tell Janet I would think about letting her fuck you. Not that I'll use it, but does this earn me a freebie, too?"

"That seems fair," he said before groaning as Janet's hips began to move again. "She's insatiable..." he said looking up at his wife.

"Let me help with that..." Maya said, slipping off her skirt and panties and climbing up onto the table to park herself on his face. The sound of her and Janet making out drifted down to his ears as he got hard for a fourth time...

-*-

It had been several weeks since then and Maya was traveling for business. It was just an overnight, but that did not make it any less lonely-especially since the bed at home occasionally had three bodies. After the threesome, Janet had become a semi-regular fixture to their dynamic. When they all had a chance to be together, Maya encouraged her to have sex with Gary while she basked in the feeling of her body growing as she played with herself before joining them.

In the same vein, she had developed a devious fondness for making Gary grow while inside Janet. He was all for it, of course. So they worked together to synchronize her own excursions. She would go down on a guy just as he was getting ready to fuck Janet so that their third could feel the slow growth as his erection got bigger than last time.

It was that combination of thoughts that had her getting ready to find a stud for the night. Since she still had her freebie it would be one hell of a surprise for both of her lovers. Fortunately, there was a swingers bar in town so she was sure she could find someone to help her out. She did message Gary to tell him he was going to enjoy pounding Janet tonight, but did not elaborate further beyond a shot down her short floral-patterned dress as her now 38H bust strained against the fabric.

At the club, she was approached almost immediately by a couple. She was kind of gothy, with intense electric blue hair and makeup, a bevy of earrings, and attire that was covered in black lace. He looked like the front man of a Swedish metal band, tall, blonde, and built. It was obvious that he was the reason they approached her. His gaze kept drifting down into her cleavage even as he stroked his partner's tattooed arm. 

They spoke for a bit about the basics, Maya making sue to touch on recent test results. After a couple drinks, Svdelka warmed up considerably and began to flirt outrageously with Maya. Looking forward to what seemed like a threesome with her as the focus, they went back to their place.

On reflex she went to send the code word, but her battery had died. It seemed like even the universe wanted her to be a little naughty with this. She figured that she had let him know sex was happening in a broad enough sense and relaxed into the embrace of the Gothic Swedish couple. They both kissed down her body as they fell into bed.

She was on her back, Svdelka between her legs and Anders standing over her. He undid his pants and let them fall as his partner began to rub Maya's thighs. Her fingers moved ever closer to Maya's vulva and he pulled down his boxers ever so slowly. Just as a cock big enough to rival Gary's rose into view, the woman ran her tongue over Maya's clit.

Maya tilted her head back from the stimulation and found herself kissing the tip of his shaft. Suddenly very horny she pulled him closer and swallowed him to mid length. As she ran her tongue around his girth, her body began to heat in the way it did when Gary was having sex with someone. Only, it was not focused in her breasts, but her pelvis.

The woman's attentions grew more passionate, her lips sealed tight around Maya's clit as her ball studded tongue flicked back and forth. The feeling was so intense, Maya wished she had more clit for the woman to suck. Which is just what happened a moment later.

As a clitoral orgasm gripped her body, if felt like a see-saw had tilted in her body. Her boobs went down, her crotch went up. She could feel her girls shrinking slightly, her bust retreating as something else swelled. There was progressively more of her in the woman's mouth, her growing clit grinding against the hard palate as the tip moved towards her throat. Her tongue wrapped around the new length, caressing the sensitive flesh in metal-studded muscle. She could feel the woman moaning as vibration traveled down her growing shaft.

At the same time, it felt like her shoulders were sliding over the bed and she soon found herself with her head hanging over the side. Anders took this as a sign for him to really start fucking her and slowly pushed his whole length down her throat. She shuddered at the feeling of being used like this, riding an unexpected high as his pace began to increase. It was not long before her entire body was burning up as the spell reacted.

She grew more muscular, her thick thighs sculpting as her quads became more evident. Her arms throbbed as biceps and forearms alike surged towards thickness. Her core pulsed as abs and lats rose to prominence. Her back twitched and spasmed, even as she slowly rose off the bed. She was becoming some kind of amazon warrior woman! 

The feeling in her pelvis grew more intense as she realized the woman now had her hand around her clit and was still bobbing up and down on it. Her Gothic lover really seemed to enjoy sucking on cock-like things as she was now fondling herself with her free hand. 

Eventually, Maya's length was larger than the average cock and quite a bit thicker than even the guy who was just about to cum in her mouth. The woman pulled back with a loud slurp and licked her lips like she had just eaten the best dessert ever. Maya realized that at some point, her clit had transformed into a penis as pre-cum began to ooze down her shaft. The woman stood and turned before lowering herself onto Maya and starting to ride her, seemingly unperturbed by the development.

Anders grunted and shoved balls deep as throb after throb of hot cum blasted down her throat. Each glob seemed to make her stronger-and hornier.

-*-

Meanwhile, back home Gary and Janet were also fucking. He was pounding her in the ass as it was the only way she could take his whole length anymore. She loved it though, pushing back in him to match him stroke for stroke. Weirdly enough, it felt like he was not nearly as deep as usual with each thrust. A feeling which grew progressively harder to ignore. Finally he pulled out and stripped the condom off. He had not come and was yet, his penis definitely smaller. In fact, it was visibly shrinking.

Heat blossomed in his chest and a sudden pressure was followed by his nipples stretching larger. His areolae spread as they and his nipples both began to rise. He realized a half second later that he had just grown what were probably A cup breasts.

"Oh? Is this a new element of the spell?" Janet cooed before running her tongue over one of his new mounds. The feeling was almost more intense than her licking his head. As if encouraged by the pleasure, his new boobs swelled dramatically. Quadrupling in size, they pushed Janet back as they spread over his chest. The weight of them was astonishing and another surge of growth pulled him to the bed as well.

Janet rolled over and began to suck on him, alternating between nipples as his bust continued to expand. Overwhelmed, he reflexively jerked his still larger than average cock. When Janet realized that, she rolled him over and shooed his hands away before gripping his length. He might have lost length and girth but his dick seemed to make up for it with increased sensitivity which left him bucking as Janet slowly worked his length with one hand.

His boobs spread over his chest and sides, their curves halfway enveloping his ribs. He could still feel them expanding as waves of pleasurable heat radiated out from his sternum. His hands wandered to them, his fingers sinking into flesh even more pillowy than Maya's. They pulsed larger with each heartbeat, making it feel like his hands were sinking deeper.

Janet threw her leg over his hips and lined herself up, rubbing her lips all over his head. He throbbed and a small burst of pre splattered over her skin. He realized she had not put another condom on and then realized that even if she had, it would have been too big. Normally, if he came like this Maya got a huge boost. Only, he was the one growing tits right now. That would mean his orgasm would make his tits grow considerably and Janet seemed to know that as she pressed her hands into his massive, head-sized hooters and began to slam into him like her life depended on it. 

Five states away Maya was in the same position. She lay on her back, her legs intertwined with Anders' as the two of them thrust in and out of Svdelka. She was in her ass, he was in her pussy. The feeling of his cock rubbing against hers as almost as stimulating as the feeling of sliding in and out of the Gothic woman.

When Anders switched to rawing her instead, it was like a switch turned one. Somehow, Gary and Maya were as one. Through the spell's effect on both of them their sensations were shared. They gasped as one. They thrust as one. They came as one. 

As Gary filled Janet, his bust swelled well past Maya's largest size, the orbs of flesh almost too big to wrap his arms around. 

As Maya felt her pussy clench around Anders even as her cock throbbed within Svdelka, she grew past seven feet tall. With each throbbing release, her dick grew. The organ pushing deeper even as her sheer size began to lift the woman off the bed. She moaned, she begged for more as she pushed off of her winded partner, but Maya, like Gary, was spent and finally going soft.

The morning promised all sorts of problems, but in that moment Gary and Maya could feel each other's heartbeat, could taste the salt of each other's sweat. Maybe it was how the spell had misfired, but despite the distance, they felt closer than ever. It was like they were laying there, clinging together, with no one else around...(3073)