 Silver 2: Smoke and Mirrors

Eyes followed and heads turned in a mixture of admiration and lust as the stunning blond strode purposefully through the white sterile environment. Glances and murmured comments were ignored equally, nothing interfering with the sole focus of navigating their way through the indoor maze, which they were finding claustrophobic. The blond's long slender legs were encased in tight, green leather pants with a darker green tunic that barely skimmed their hips. The blond's long hair was secured behind elegantly pointed ears, cascading like a golden waterfall to the slim waist. The vision was both beautiful and ethereal. With a sigh of relief they finally stood outside a laboratory door. Golden eyes perused the signs of Private, No Admittance and Plague Control. A pink tongue lapped nervously at delicate lips. With a fortifying breath the blond rapped at the door and stepped inside.

The reptilian scientist looked up, surprised by the intrusion. No one except the overall scientist in control of the medical complex sought him out and then only after contacting him in advance. Although his medical expertise was desperately needed by the planet, many in the complex had a deep-rooted dislike of off-worlders; especially those whose appearance differed greatly from their own humanoid form. Although the world was trying to integrate with the myriad of other planets and peoples beyond their solar system, xenophobia was still ingrained in many.

The lizard man was tall and muscular, the baggy lab coat doing nothing to disguise the bulk and power of the male. His lips curled back over strong, sharp teeth and the frill around his neck changed from the varying hues of green to a pale lilac. His tail swished behind him as he recognised the form standing anxiously in the open doorway. He held out large, sensitive hands.

"Beautiful," he whispered.

"Husband." The blond responded and hurried to be caught in a strong embrace before being swung around in evident joy.

The forked reptilian tongue flicked over the blond's mouth as the pink lips parted to invite a more intimate caress. A deep musical trill permeated the air indicating the pleasure of the reptilian holding the striking blond mammal. As he lowered the slender form to the floor, he felt the arousal at the blond's groin and palmed the bulge possessively.

"I have missed you, my heart," the lizard murmured, nuzzling into sweet smelling blond tresses. "Are you sure it is safe for you to be here?" he added anxiously, pulling back to gaze at the golden eyes.

"The all clear was announced an hour ago. Do you think Tristam would have allowed me to leave Silver Star to be here if unsafe, irrespective of how my soul cried for you?" the blond smiled reassuringly.

"Beloved," the lizard crooned. It was hardly surprising he hadn't been notified, but there were more important matters to attend to now. His hand caressed his mate's need.

"I desire you, Xavier," the man in his arms pleaded. "I love you."

And I love you, Theophilus," the reptilian replied. "I have a nest through here," he indicated an inner room. "Let me lock the outer door."

Xavier then ushered his slighter mate into the small room that had been his living quarters for the last four days. It contained a nest of thin, old cushions, a large chair and a small table. He heard the distressed sound from his beautiful lover. "Comfort was not a consideration," he said nuzzling and caressing. "But that matters naught now you are in my arms."

Theophilus pulled free and disrobed with what he considered indecent haste, but he longed to once again be joined with the one he loved. He quickly lay in Xavier's nest and gazed adoringly up at the dominant male.

Xavier's breath caught as the light of the dim lamp made Theophilus' skin glow with a golden hue. The slender, hairless limbs were as a siren song to the lizard. He devoured the sight of his beloved: naked, willing, open; in *his* nest. *His* mate. Xavier's trill dropped so low as to resemble a growl as he roughly removed the clothes he wore, throwing them carelessly aside. He then stood looming over the slender, supine form. He watched as arms and legs opened in silent, but unmistakable invitation.

"Please," Theophilus' melodic voice caressed Xavier's aural depressions. One single word that was both a plea and a command Xavier could not nor would not refuse. He displayed his teeth in his unique smile again as he dropped to blanket the younger man. Deceptively strong arms and legs wrapped around his shoulders and hips drawing him unresistingly closer and his tongue flicked beyond the willingly parted lips to the warm wet cavern beyond. Xavier reacquainted himself with his mate's sweetness before reluctantly withdrawing.

"I have missed you so, my husband," Theophilus panted. He pressed soft kisses to pale green, smooth skin.

"I could not chance any of my family contacting this plague," Xavier groaned. "Much less you, my beloved mate. My constitution ensured my immunity, but one I could not share with you. It has indeed been a long lonely time without your presence." 

The reptilian shifted so his tongue could flicker over his mate's pink nipples, the perfect nubs pebbling instantly. Strong teeth bit down on the peaks with expert precision to ensure mounting arousal, his mate's breasts were highly sensitive and an erogenous zone for both males. He licked lower, tasting the smooth skin of abdomen and hips before the long, agile muscle wrapped around the base of his husband's smooth, slender arousal. He felt the blond buck with a sweet cry of pleasure as his tongue laved the engorged head greedily swallowing the pearly pre-come. His large hands slid under smooth toned buttocks, lifting upwards and outwards to display his mate's tiny pink portal.

Theophilus arched crying his pleasure aloud as his mate licked his opening. The reptilian tongue pressed inside his tightly furled aperture to taste the blond's natural lubricant. Theophilus knew his lover would prefer to assist dilation with the oil Xavier himself had created, and that all of their family used, but it hadn't occurred to him to bring any.

Xavier found the intimate taste combined with the pheromones his mate was producing were a potent aphrodisiac. He needed to mate, to claim that which was his and his alone. 

"Love you, Beautiful," he whispered.

"Want you so much, my husband," Theophilus groaned. 

The bigger male moved to lie at his young husband's side. His tongue wrapped around Theophilus' erection and began a combination of rhythmic contractions and stroking. The rough surface of the reptilian tongue provided an extra stimulation to further inflame the blond's arousal. Xavier slid his tail between spread thighs and allowed it to penetrate the writhing younger male. As it slipped inside, Xavier wound it into a corkscrew to ensure Theophilus was stretched to accept his twin penises. He made small thrusting motions with his tail, further encouraging Theophilus' natural lubricant to coat the slender channel. With expertise, Xavier timed gentle tugs to taut teats with the forked tip of his tongue laving the head of Theophilus' penis and the tip of his tail rubbing the hidden jewel deep in the blond's body. 

The triple stimulation was too much for him and Theophilus' came as he cried his husband's name. 

Xavier's snout covered the fragile flesh and the reptilian felt the pulses of his mate's release hit the back of his tongue. He was exceptionally careful to protect his mammalian lover from his sharp teeth. Only when Theophilus sagged spent, did Xavier release the sated organ and swallow its warm salty essence. His tail continued to pulse within Theophilus' boneless body as Xavier repositioned himself between his lover's widespread legs. He hooked slender limbs over his arms, spreading the smaller male open wide. His twin hemipenes unsheathed from inside his body, slick with lubricant as his tail withdrew from moist heat. Xavier heard his lover's moan at the sight of the glistening organs. It was a measure of Xavier's arousal that both penises had unsheathed. His young husband could accommodate both simultaneously, but would be fully filled during their love-making. 

The soft mewls of pleasure from the slender male beneath him were as music to the reptilian. He slid effortlessly inside the prepared channel and began to stroke rhythmically; ensuring Theophilus' sweet spot was stimulated constantly. The lizard's tongue flicked over throat, collarbone and as far down as the peaked, pink nipples whilst his tail sinuously slid against Theophilus' sensitive hairless sac. The smaller man's hips moved in perfect harmony with his mate, his own satiated rod reawakening, trapped between their undulating bodies. Xavier knew they were both approaching their peak and his hemipenes produced their knot, completely plugging his husband's slender channel.

Theophilus groaned as he felt the stretch of his internal muscles from the forming knot. He panted shallowly as tendrils of pleasure began to bloom outwards from deep in his groin, radiating wave after wave throughout his whole body. A sharp nip to an already hypersensitive bud coinciding with his mate's hand on his primed shaft had Theophilus arching and crying Xavier's name as his essence flowed a second time between their bodies. 

The contractions around his already eager organs and the combined scent and sight of his mate in sexual ecstasy finally fractured the reptilian's control. Pulse after pulse of his hot seed filled his mate, till both organs were fully spent. As he recovered from his orgasmic high, the bigger male rolled their still joined bodies to allow his lissom mate to drape voluptuously over his now sated body. The lizard sighed in absolute pleasure.

"Stay in me for a while longer," Theophilus' soft melodic voice begged.

"It would be my pleasure, my heart," Xavier replied. He gave a mental frown as he regarded the beloved visage. In his joyful reunion he had not noticed the dark smudges beneath his mate's eyes and the tiny lines around them that told of nights without sleep and the consequential headaches. He began to massage the back of his lover's head, knowing it would relax the younger man. He smiled as Theophilus' weight settled more heavily, the already satiated body relaxing further under the tender ministrations.

"Sleep in my arms, my love," Xavier crooned softly.

"Love," came as a reply on a soft breath as Theophilus sank into the first real sleep since Xavier had left the haven of Silver Star.

Xavier allowed his knot to dissipate and re-sheathed his organs. His tail wrapped around the blond male holding the smaller man close to his body, lovingly and protectively. Soon, Xavier slid into his own deep sleep.

*****

An insistent bleep awakened the reptilian. He was pleased to note it hadn't disturbed his exhausted mate. Gently he untangled their limbs and went to answer the call. He listened, replied and returned to the slowly stirring beauty in his nest. Crouching next to the supine form, Xavier shamelessly began to massage the back of Theophilus' head encouraging the smaller man to resume his sleep. He smiled as his tactic worked.

"Sleep a little longer, my love," he whispered. "When I return we can leave this inhospitable place."

"Take care," came the sleepy response.

Xavier dressed rapidly. The sooner he received the official confirmation he was no longer needed here, the sooner they could return to their ship and their family. In his haste, although Xavier closed the outer door, he failed to additionally lock it.

Theophilus became aware of being touched by hands he knew were those of strangers. With a rapid movement, he scuttled to sit clutching a sheet to his nude form. Leering at him were two men who were denizens of this world. The lascivious gazes had the blond fearing for his safety. He was unaware that in the comparative darkness neither the colour of his eyes, his slanting brows nor his small antenna were visible.

"You see, Byran," the larger of the two men hissed. "I told you the lizard had been provided with entertainment." 

The speaker was large and swarthy with lank, dark hair and smelt unclean. Theophilus would have found him unattractive even if his eyes and face hadn't been filled with a mix of hate and lust.

"We have worked just as hard and for longer and have been denied such pleasures," the man continued.

Theophilus spared a glance at his companion. He was similarly swarthy, but with red hair. Although he was less physically repugnant, Theophilus still feared the lust in the hazel eyes.

"Please," the blond said quietly. "I am bonded to Xavier." He meant it to convey his status as married to the reptilian, but he could see it wasn't understood. Before he could try and explain further, a strong hand latched around his ankle to pull him closer to the two men.

"I don't care what fancy name you give it, whore," the dark man growled. "I've been cooped up here over a week with no means of relieving tension or being able to have the pleasures a body like yours can provide. I want what you gave the lizard."

Realising their intent, Theophilus made a small movement as though capitulating to his aggressors. As the men leaned eagerly forward, Theophilus lashed out with two balled fists to send both men tumbling backwards. He surged to his feet preferring not to fight naked, unarmed and outnumbered. Clutching desperately to the sheet, he flew to the outer door. He reached for the handle as a bolt of pain, that began in his spine and radiated outwards to envelop his entire body, struck him soundlessly. His body dropped instantly, twitching spasmodically. With mounting fear, the blond realised that, whilst his mind was still clear, his body was unable to respond to his frantic commands to run or fight. A terrified whimper escaped from frozen lips as booted feet came into his line of vision.

"Stupid slut," the dark man huffed. "The effects are only temporary," he added lifting Theophilus easily to drop him on the nearby lab bench. "You'll be able to enjoy us soon enough. Now let's see what we're getting."

Flicking on the lab lights, Theophilus' exotic form was clear to see. Byran caught the dark man's hand as he reached for a pale thigh. He looked with concern at the tears that leaked from golden eyes radiating fear.

Wait, Silaff," he advised. "Look at him. He's an off-worlder, too. He may not be a prostitute."

"What is he then?" Silaff asked impatiently.

"A companion, a concubine? Who knows the minds or customs of off-worlders? I have no desire to touch him. I thought we were to find one of our kind here."

"You can back off if you want," Silaff said harshly. "I'm hard. I don't care what he is. If he belongs to the lizard, so much the better. We don't need his kind here."

He reached to push Theophilus' legs apart when a roar of fury rent the air. Before Silaff could react to the sound he was pinned to the floor. A large male straddled his body. He had a mix of darker and lighter hair. Eyes that were like chips of ice bored into Silaff's. Retractable claws now dug into the fragile flesh of his throat. The male was large and powerful, strong and muscular and there was not an ounce of mercy Silaff could behold in the form. An acrid smell arose from his body as he lost bladder control and tiny whimpers of fear were all the sounds he could make as words as cold and deadly as the male that uttered them reached his ears.

"If you have defiled Theophilus I will tear out your worthless throat."

Xavier was already at his mate's side. His sensitive tongue flicked around the now shaking form as he scented the air. He could smell and taste his mate's fear, the remnants of his assailants' lust that had been superseded by their fear and the taste of their own earlier loving.

"We didn't," Byran said. He gazed at a form similar to the one pinning down Silaff. This male had sandy blond hair that reached to the shoulders and eyes that were the colour of a stormy ocean. The size and bulk of the males were almost identical. From the tilting of the blond head and the flare of the nostrils, Byran had the ridiculous notion the man was listening to his heartbeat as he was scenting him.

"I think this one speaks truthfully, Xavier," he said in a menacing voice.

"I can find no evidence of an ... assault, Tristam," the reptilian concurred. He wrapped his lab coat around Theophilus' shaking body. "The effect is already wearing off quickly, beloved," he assured softly. "You will be left unharmed."

"Uist and I can take these to the complex's supervisor," Tristam said as he watched the other powerful male effortlessly haul Silaff to his feet, claws still pricking at the man's throat.

"No, Tristam," Xavier replied. "I told Eldman repeatedly of the treatment I was subjected to and he brushed it off. I want to make a formal complaint of my treatment as well as that of my bonded mate. I would like to make it in your presence so that it is recorded into Federation annuls to be officially dealt with. Not just handled by some local officiate who will hide it or ignore it. I would be grateful if Uist could protect my mate in our absence."

Silaff was shoved roughly into Xavier's grasp and the muscular male pressed his face close.

"You will admit all, omitting nothing. If you attempt to play down in any way your vile assault I will seek retribution personally." He leant a little closer so that Silaff could feel his hot breath. "I promise you will regret it if I do." The cold hard voice left Silaff with no doubt of the big male's sincerity. He made the instant decision that prison on his homeworld was the best and the safest place to be.

Xavier quickly glanced at the other two members of his 'family'. Sholto had one arm protectively around Theophilus' shoulder, as did Rayner, helping the blond to be able to sit upright. Sholto's auburn curls were caught by the lights in the lab giving the impression of burnished metal. His ocean blue eyes were filled with concern and despite being the smallest of the group, his solid frame offered strength to the slender form he cradled. Rayner's curls were darker and his body slimmer, but the worry in his deep brown eyes matched that of Sholto's. Uist had come to stand protectively in front of the trio of younger men. Xavier knew Theophilus was as loved and safe almost as if he were to remain. He nodded at them before turning to leave with Tristam.

On returning to the lab, Xavier and Tristam stood silently contemplating the tableau before them. Uist had sat in the large chair with a dressed Theophilus in his lap. His head was tucked under Uist's chin and he was cradled by powerful arms. Sholto sat on one arm of the chair, his head on his husband's shoulder and one arm around Theophilus. Rayner was on the other. He, too, rested his head on Uist's shoulder and his arm grasped Sholto's as though they were forming a barrier to protect the slender blond. Both Tristam and Xavier scented the air. It was heavy with a familiar and heady scent and they realised that Uist had used his own musk to create an air of comfort and familiarity. The low rumbling purr the big male emitted was almost hypnotic in timbre. Xavier smiled at the efforts his family had made to comfort his mate. Neither he nor Tristam could scent any residual fear from the sleeping blond. There was only contentment and peace in the air. He saw Uist slit one eye open, but was sure the cat-man had known of their presence since they first re-entered the lab.

"Thank you, beloved brother," he said sincerely as Tristam's hand settled on his shoulder.

"Your mate is as beloved to me as Rayner," Uist said quietly. "As I am Protector of Rayner and as Tristam is Protector of Sholto, we both desire to be Protectors of Theophilus. We had hoped to make this offer before you were called away. We feel it is one that is long overdue. If you would grant us the honour?"
