 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 9 Mind Fucked

The next morning, we all packed up to leave. Bows at the ready with Charlemagne and Annette in the middle of our group. As we walked out, we saw our two dopes on a rope still in place. The bouncer smiled at us as we left in the early morning light.

We got to the wagons and I looked at Hunter and Eagle-eye, "Can you two split the first days hunting by horseback? I will be driving the new lead wagon. Charlemagne and Annette need to have a heart-to-heart talk. All about us having to suddenly pull her out of home and town for protection and what plans can they make."

They both nodded.

I got Charlemagne alone for just a few seconds and whisper to her, "Does your sister know about the Knights and will we be making that stop on the way back?"

She put her knuckles in her mouth, "No, and yes. This will be awkward."

I whispered again, "Any chance we can get her brought on as an operative at a business we have?"

She shrugged, "Possibly let us finish our talk today and I will know more."

I gave her a passionate kiss, "I love you and I will be thinking about you. Is Annette good with any weapons? We got the spare light crossbow plus anything she might have."

She nodded, "I'll ask if she has and what she can use. I don't know if she can use the crossbow, but will make sure she is armed just in case."

We could not seem to buy any luck. A few hours out of town and Hunter fired arrows off the left-hand side of the road and wheeled his horse around and went flying toward us.

He yelled, "Tiger!"

I readied my sword and pulled the wagon to the left side of the road as Hunter flew down the right with a tiger and two arrows in it. It was fifty yards behind him. I did not have a great angle for a bow shot and I feared for the horses. I put on the brake to the wagon fire off, "Mortana."

The missiles went flying into the cat while my sword came to the ready. I moved between the horses and the cat and started my blade song as Hunter had begun his return with Eagle-eye on the back of his horse. I decided being bait was the option and got a mirror image going before the cat got to attack. It tried to pounce and hits one of two images I got. I slash it across the front haunches as I turned the cat for the incoming archers, Hunter pulled up. Eagle-eye and Hunter both landed killing shots into the side of the cat. The horses were a bit spooked but I calmed them as I stabbed the cat just for good measure.

I looked at Hunter, "I see you found dinner for tonight. Thought it was supposed to be dead BEFORE you brought it back?"

Hunter and Eagle-eye laughed. Hunter smiled, "It isn't back to the last wagon yet!" I shook my head at him and waited for them to tie off the kill and drag it out of the way.

I thought it was Charlemagne coming up behind me but it was Annette, she looked at the cat and then at me, "You saved the horses from getting hurt." I nodded. "I am staying with Charlemagne and you going forward. Both of you. Is it alright, if I ride with you for a while?"

I gave her a kiss on the check, "You can ride with me. Does Charlemagne know of your decision?"

She nodded with a smile. I saw she was not carrying a weapon yet. I told her, "Grab the light crossbow and some of the bolts from the second wagon." I gave her my boot dagger, "Out here you have to be armed and the dagger is enchanted."

She smiled, "I will be right back and you can show me how to drive."

I straightened the wagon out and waited for her to arrive then helped her up. I got us started again.

Hunter went shooting by and shouted, "Now I am going to start hunting wood and hope that one doesn't have a friend."

I shouted back at Hunter, "If it does, we will eat well tonight!"

The rest of the day went by and we made camp.

I grabbed Hunter and Eagle-eye, "We will return to the three of us pulling scouting tomorrow, I will begin the day in the first Wagon, Hunter will come and replace me and I will return to the second wagon with Charlemagne when Eagle-eye pulls scouting. Annette is the weakest in combat and new to driving a team, Hunter and I will teach her as we go along; splitting that duty."

They both nodded. Hunter smiled, "Sounds like the right thing to do, never want two people trying to teach someone at the same time. Instruction should be one on one."

I got Skinner, "You got a little free time, think you can work in some target practice with Annette on the light crossbow each night until she has the hang of it? Then I will talk to Charlemagne about hand to hand with daggers."

Skinner volunteered, "I can work both of those into a training program with her to help improve her skills, right now she is helping Cook with getting the meal going. The extra hands help save time in the evening as well."

I smiled, "Thanks for your help. There is no path forward in the first wagon to get to the reigns. I want Annette's in Wagon two with Charlemagne and me at night. No change in guard rotations we will keep Annette sidelined as she will not likely be with us full time, but we want her to be able to handle her own."

I found Annette, "Skinner is going to handle weapons training with you after dinner and in the morning if needed. We will have you bunk in with Charlemagne and I as you have no path to the front of the first wagon base on how we loaded it in a hurry."

She smiled at me, "Cleaver thinking!" with a slight smirk.

I talked with Charlemagne, "I am going to sleep right after the evening meal. I can get in the time to regain lost spells before we go on at mid-shift. When I do, I want to talk to Annette and you in private in the wagon to discuss our sleeping arrangement in the wagon so everyone is comfortable. Agreed?"

She looked at me "Has anyone told you that you are getting bossy?"

She smiled at me and I whisper to Charlemagne, "Annette and you did not have a problem with me 'being bossy' yesterday afternoon in bed."

She turned red, "True and I truly thank you for that. I think it went a long way in convincing her to stay with us."

I kissed her, "I hoped it would make you both happy going forward. Hopefully, there are no more hurdles between us."

She buries her head under my chin. We hugged for several minutes when we heard Annette yelp as her light crossbow bolt went into the target for the first time. Everyone chuckled at her. They remembered the first time they hit a target. After evening meal we headed into the wagon for our short discussion.

I looked at both of them as they smiled at me, "First thing for tonight I will sleep toward the back by the cargo Annette in the middle, Charlemagne on the outside. Both Charlemagne and I sleep in our light armor in case there are issues. We won't be getting undressed very often unless we have a room at an inn..."

They both looked a little disappointed. "It would also seem odd to have moaning and groaning going on with the three of us in the wagon unless you are ready to scream out our odd relationship to the entire group?"

They both shook their heads rapidly, "Abstinence. With cuddling. That is what we will have. After tonight I will always be by the entrance to the wagon, you two can rotate cuddle positions. Charlemagne and I have mid-watch so the first period is dedicated to sleep, in case we have an issue and get interrupted. That gives the second half of our sleep for some petting and cuddling. This also gives some clits time to heal."

I got them both to nod in agreement to that statement. I smiled, "Tomorrow Annette will not be driving. She has reading, my journal. That way you can understand me better. The day after I will be talking with you about what you read and asking you some personal questions. I want to get to know you better. Does that work for you, Annette?"

She sighed, "Somethings will be hard to talk about."

I sighed back at her, "One of the things Charlemagne and I had to get to was being completely honest with each other as she was hiding some things about me, At the same time she had read my journal and had everything on me."

She nodded, "I will try, but it may take time."

I kissed her and held her for a second, "When I add a journal entry dealing with you it will be about how you have come with us after we pulled you out of a dangerous city. The fact you have agreed to help us. Both with your nieces we are going to have and the business we will start.

Nothing about your past other than maybe a mention that you had a rough time growing up. Very vague no details of what you tell me. I will sit with you as I write that entry. We can ensure you are happy with the words."

She kissed my cheek, "Thank you for being so kind to me."

I sighed, "Trust me, we wanted to talk with you about coming with us. I was not looking for a major altercation to force you out of your life. I feel responsible for you being in danger and I am doing everything I can to protect all four of you. Speaking of which did you never get tested for skills as a kid, to see what you had an aptitude for?"

She was hesitant, "I found out I was not a mage or sorceress but I have psionic talents. I made part of my living with the exchange of information from what I have read from other people. I was a spy for hire, gathering information and selling it. I never got asked where I got it from."

I looked at Charlemagne, "Did you know about this?" She shook her head. "What have you learned about us and have you shared it with anyone?"

She looks at me, "I have shared nothing about any of Charlemagne team or the Saatorixx Knights."

I looked at Charlemagne, "Thoughts?"

She scratched her head, "We are obligated to talk with Jarron about this and I hope we can simply get some rules on her. A moral code to only aid us and only read a member if directed to...she could be a very valuable asset."

I nodded, "I agree and it plays well into some of the plans I have been thinking about for our business. If we can set up where I would like too it would a perfect opportunity to expand our influence. You alright with being a dedicated agent?"

She smiled at me "It would be nice to have some acceptance. I could follow rules. I know they are there to protect me."

I kissed her again, "Can you read my mind right if I think something to you? Can you think back? Can you hear multiple people like the three of us?"

She smirks at me, "I've never tried to connect multiple minds but I have sent messages before, a long time ago."

I smiled, "Send me a message that you are ready and I will send some ideas back, OK?"

She nodded.

Annette, "Eldar, can you hear this?"

Eldar, "Yes, I do."

Annette, "What did you want to ask?"

Eldar, "Can you find talents in others?"

Annette, "I have but they are unpredictable. You never know what talent you will get."

Eldar, "I may want to try at some point. I would rather have something in the arsenal if it is hidden."

Annette, "Alright, I can understand that."

Eldar, "Can you imbue psionic items?"

Annette, "Some why?"

Eldar, "You can read about it in my journal. I faced someone who every time an offensive spell was cast at them it would charge a crystal or gem on a pendant giving the owner the power to reuse the talent they had. She had one that slowed time for just a second or two but enough to anticipate her opponents attack. She is a Blade Singer. She had it done when she was in her seventh year of training."

Annette, "I have made something like that but it requires a special item, usually expensive."

Eldar, "Like the pendant I wear with the sapphire?"

Annette, "Yes that might actually work for an item like that. Where did you get it?"

Eldar, "From a four-hundred-pound grizzly that crushed me."

Annette, "Oh the first night..."

I cut her off. Eldar, "Yes, the first night Charlemagne made love to my broken and bruised body. Can you feel emotions or their sense of touch through this connection?"

Annette, "I have never tried."

Eldar, "Let's start with how I am feeling now."

Annette, "You are in awe of what I can do."

I reach out and brush her face.

Annette, "Oh by the gods, that feels good I can feel how that makes you feel excited aroused soft and electric as I feel it from both sides."

I reach out and cradled Charlemagne's face with my hands.

Annette, "Oh by the gods, the love and warmth the softness of her face and I feel her pressing back against your hands."

Eldar, "You know what we just discovered?"

Annette, "What?"

I ran my hand across my crotch. She starts blushing and sighed.

Eldar, "We Just found a way for you to enjoy sex from both giving and receiving. Now you try to kiss your sister passionately and see if you project those feelings to me."

Annette reaches over and kisses her sister long and hard. I sighed.

Eldar, "Tender loving, wanting desire, tongues slowly dancing, wet electric, and gods you are talented."

Annette, "Thank you."

Eldar, "Now kiss me passionately." She kisses me passionately. I sucked her tongue with much power and action as I could muster. Eldar. "I sense hesitation, acceptance, passion, lust, love, being engulfed, and breath being taken away."

Annette, "What you sent is really throwing me for a loop. I sensed consuming passion, being sucked in, overwhelming sexual desire, and longing to rip my clothes off. Oh, gods, this is fun I am dripping and I have not even touched myself!"

Eldar, "Did you enjoy it when I put my fist in you?"

Annette, "It was shocking, embarrassing, so full, and the twisting on my internal points of arousal at once. It was a flood of passion and lust."

Eldar, "Something you want to do again then in the future, maybe slower."

Annette, "That would be wonderful."

Eldar, "Now see if you can tie Charlemagne into our conversation."

Annette, "Can you hear sister?"

Charlemagne, "Wow some warning next time!"

Eldar, "You think you will be up for the next time?"

Charlemagne, "I can hear you too it is different but I sense the other voice."

Eldar, "Take off the top of your armor we are trying an experiment whatever you do not scream out loud."

She removes the top of her armor and I slide forward toward Annette.

Eldar, "This will probably be shocking to the senses to all three of us. You sisters share a passionate kiss to hold back any shouts. Annette, you count us down."

Annette, "OK 1, 2, 3."

Annette and Charlemagne kissed each other. I ran my crotch against her knee while running a hand over Charlemagne's breast the other over Annette's thinly covered crotch. The flood of senses has me coming in my armor. Charlemagne screamed into Annette's mouth, as Annette's squirts in her pants, and in a flash, she lost concentration on the connection.

I look at the two of them and smiled, "What do you think of that?"

Charlemagne was the first to respond, "I went from mildly aroused to climaxing what did you do?"

Annette laughed and I chimed in, "She has telepathy and empathy you just felt what all three of us was feeling. When I rubbed my crotch on her knee while running my hand over her crotch, I massaged your breast, and the two of you were kissing. That was a good idea to keep the noise down. Could you imagine if she was strong enough to maintain the connection how many multiple orgasms, we could all potentially have without touching your clits at all?"

Charlemagne squawked, "This is what you were doing with all the touching and kissing? While I sat there you were conducting foreplay?"

I laughed, "No, it was determining what she could do. While I asked some questions about experiences. Pushing the limits of her power to see what she could handle. Can you connect us again just to talk, alright?"

Annette looked at me, "I'll try regaining my concentration still that was a 'mind-blowing' orgasm."

Now she could not stop laughing for about three minutes. We laughed with her.

Annette, "Can you hear me."

Eldar, "Yes."

Charlemagne, "Gods this is strange."

Eldar, "Charlemagne You remember that entry in my journal about unlocking talents. Your sister can do that."

Charlemagne, "Oh shit, that is HUGE!"

Annette, "The talents are unpredictable. I cannot select them for the people and it does not often work and comes with risk."

Charlemagne, "A piece of information that should be handled delicately."

Eldar, "Agreed. Senior leaders only and only after they accept her into our organization."

Eldar, "One more thing to try tonight."

I turn around and place a couple of gemstones into the palm of my gloved hand.

Eldar, "Now Try to look through my eyes. To see what is in my gloved hand, close your eyes for this one. Now try and see through my eyes."

Annette, "This is strange I see crates and the end of the glove. OK, now I see an emerald and a topaz. Wow, you are moving so fast. Now I see me. You have my hand and now the stones are in my hand.

Eldar, "They are yours. You have taught us a lot tonight. Including the fact that I will need clean padding for my armor. You can stop now and drop the connection."

I looked at her and she was about to cry, "What is wrong?"

She looked at me, "You are so accepting of me. Many would fear that."

I sighed, "I am a mage everything I have walked through with you there is a spell like it. That is why I do not fear it. Now, one more thing. Try to make Charlemagne slap me."

She looks at me, "What?"

I look at her, "Try it. It is a test." SMACK sending to the side of the wagon.

Charlemagne gasped, "Oh my gods I did not want to do that! Why did you have her do that!"

I looked at her, "It is called the power of suggestion. I am just glad I did not ask her to have you hit me hard." A small giggle escaped from Annette. "Think to drop your weapon. Attack the guy next to you. All kinds of possibilities in combat."

Charlemagne smiled, "Wow that could be useful. I knew she was going to try but I still did it anyway."

I nodded, "It is a matter of your mental resistance versus the strength of her attack on you to attack me."

I leaned in and kissed Charlemagne and then Annette. "If you agree she is on the payroll for this trip?" She nodded.

I look at Annette, "These are the same people who saved you. Your sister has trusted them for years. They are the first ones we have to convince you are a powerhouse to the team. From what I have seen we may have only touched what you can do.

I am getting some rest before my shift. You need to go to weapons training until first guard shift starts or it gets too dark. Remember you are in the middle tonight. Charlemagne, we can talk more about this when we are on guard duty."

I went to sleep. The night passed quietly and Charlemagne thought my idea was funny. I whispered to Annette, "In the morning I am going to ask someone to throw something. You have them throw it at the side of the cooking pot instead. I will ask somebody to hand it back and you have them drop it because it is freezing cold. We want to show the crew what you can do. After our morning meal and before we break down."
