 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree, from his graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy, and his desires to leave it behind. Only to return full circle, to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2018. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without prior authorizations in writing from the author, and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 11 The Plan and Downtime

He looked at us, looked at Annette, and shook his head, "Your worth in that town is blown it could take weeks to get your team into another route!"

I looked at him and smirked, "I have a plan to fill that downtime and potentially take our team off the road. We have an opportunity to increase the reach of the Knights exponentially."

I proceed to lay out the plan I went over with the twins. We covered the time savings in trade routes and a training ground for manpower that could feed into Knight recruitment. Control over an area of several hundred square miles in the bordering kingdoms. All with support from two Elven allies, and establishing a major trade stop that could gather information. As two of the businesses would be owned and operated by members of the Knights.

I smiled at him, "We could talk more about that before the wedding when my father was there if you would like."

The rest of the team arrives and Jarron pulls out a map and several books. He looks over our group and directs, "All of you, do not discuss Annette's abilities with anyone. Hunter, take Annette to the inn to get a room while I finish looking over the report..."

He looked at Charlemagne and me, "You two stay. When did you come up with this plan? How did you come up with this plan?"

I smiled at him, "First I came up with the plan six days ago at our last inn stop. As to 'the how' three elements came into play. First was Annette's story of what drove her from home I realized she held the key seed to something. The second was Charlemagne 'fucked my brains out'..."

Jarron snorted at this direct comment while Charlemagne's face turned red. "Her choice of words at the time and it was definitely mind-blowing, physically exhausting and worth repeating. The last piece was my knowledge of history, treaties, and the shortcomings of the Elven community. In the lack of foresight by the elven, human, and dwarven allies that in the next thirty to sixty years if the cycle of aggression continues war will return."

Jarron sighed, "Continue there is always more with you."

I smiled, "The Elves would lose more forest land. We got Annette in on the conversation and I walked through the logical progression into expanding the possibilities and impact of the known trend of orc and ogre activity over the last several hundred years. Elven armies are a reactive force my nature.

That's why this kind of band of independent soldiers is ideal for monitoring and in the process beefing up this defensibly vulnerable area. Speaking of which, I still do not know much about the rank, structure, number of teams, I'm assuming we lost a few with the caravan attacks. I do not know the size other than we're undermanned. I'm also curious about what happened with the scribe."

Jarron held up his hand, "First the scribe was captured alive but is refusing to talk, he is a drow with a ring that masked his appearance and evil aura. Second, the exact size of our group is classified but is only a few hundred. You're correct in your assessment we were a thousand strong just fifty years ago.

I will be candid, we have been losing agents at a rate of five to every recruit for the last ten years. Finding qualified candidates has been a problem in recent years because we have no central training ground except in this base. That's problematic as you have to be a member or be in the invitation process to even get to this base; which is another reason this idea of yours MAY have merit.

Charlemagne and you are lieutenants, the chain goes from that to captain, to a field commander to general. The others on your team are various enlisted ranks from private to sergeant."

I pondered his last statement, then looked at him, "What if you lost another eight to nine-man group? Should I say split them up and have them head up four mercenary companies across all the lands to try and get done the work you want, but only two in the group clued into what the assignment is about. Keep them low to middle-level work, but you could find a few diamonds in the rough.

Send them to us to polish then we let you know which one are good candidates for Knights. If of course, you back the plan in front of you."

He looked at me, "Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Getting the two villages of elves to surrender the control of that land is your first big hurdle."

I smiled at him, "If we get the land to establish the new village, you will ensure a smooth process for the mercenary charter as part of the co-operation and work to enforce the two treaties to support our costs. Which includes construction of the fortification and watchtowers along the dwarven route. And to sweeten the pot..." I pulled out four of the diamonds from my pouch. "I will bet you those are over 21,000 gold pieces but we will call it that. A little wager based on what you know about me."

He chuckled, "I have not even looked at the treaties yet?"

I walked over and grab the three books he had pulled. I sat down and grabbed a blank piece of parchment, ink, and a quill.

I cut the parchment in half and I turn one half into about a dozen strips. I flip through marking pages and then wrote page number and section numbers. I continue through all three volumes. I set the marked books with the bookmarks in place back down. I handed him the parchment.

I looked at him, "These are the relevant sections of the treaties and the order you would want to read them in. Now about the bet?"

He looked up at me, "How long ago did you read these?"

I shrugged, "About twenty years ago and the elves and dwarves do not do changes without redrafting the entire document. They are current. Now to the wager, I get control of the first two hundred square miles of Elven land which will allow me to establish the village with the charter for the mercenary company.

You get the humans to turn over protection of the two hundred square miles and allow us to extend the village boundaries to extend an equal distance along the south road; which is currently unusable rocky lands and deforested Elven lands all along a dwarven trade route that they are not even guarding. Then work the government to enforce the dwarven treaty to build our fortifications and watchtowers.

After which the three of them pay our company expenses once we hit twenty percent of capacity which is forty. As we have ten at the moment getting another thirty should not be a problem. The biggest problem will be housing them until the garrison is done. We should subsist on caravan protection fees and Knights pay with at least seven of us able to support guard patrol regularly from the start. A lot of us will be on the road anyway at the beginning."

He looked at me and smiled, "You're looking at the impossible you know; especially before we even get to talk to those elders."

I shrugged, "I figure we will have the Elven land, village charter, and mercenary company charter. Which unless you object, I will put myself and Charlemagne as the founders. Should be able to get that accomplished in the first year provided no interference and your support."

He chuckled, "Oh gods, Charlemagne said you were cocky."

I looked back at him, "Is that a yes or no?"

He smiled, "I think you're making a sucker bet but I will enjoy watching you try—you got a bet."

I looked back, "One last thing if we control that much area, Charlemagne and I are promoted to Field Commanders. She can not only watch over a business, children, and help to arrange training at the garrison and deal with a lot of nasty paperwork like who's going where. The rest of the team will be paid lieutenants as they will be working as trainers in addition to caravan duty."

He laughed, "Sure, why not you're looking at the impossible. One last thing what are you planning on calling this village? Oh, and the Mercenary group."

I smile broadly, "Quatarsia! For the village, Gray Blades for the mercenary group."

He looked puzzled, "Tolerance, I get why you would name a village that, but why Gray Blades?"

I shrugged, "A true Gray Blade is made of steel, mithril, and adamantium metals. Which reflects the three partners in the treaties, a merging of races in the company, and gray is associated with the moon. As the Lady of Dreams seems to have a vested interest in my life anything to pay homage to her is also a plus."

He smirked, "Well it looks like you have thought that through, not that the name may come about."

We left the office and I turned to Charlemagne, "Thoughts?"

She shook her head, "I cannot believe you gambled that much money."

I shook my head, "I take calculated risks remember. Given things we do not talk about and what I saw in my dream; history is going to be made at our wedding."

I looked at her, "Now we need a team meeting, you want to grab everyone and bring them to the bar? I will go up and get Annette."

She nodded, "Will be right there."

I got Annette. Charlemagne walked in twenty minutes later and apologized, "Sorry, had to throw some water on a couple of them to separate the ones in heat!"

I laughed, "Just because you're already pregnant you can tell who's in heat?"

She smirked, "It took them a few minutes to finish up; at least for now."

Everyone grabbed a chair. Hunter asked, "How did it go?"

I looked at him, "I took any and all blame; with a small amount thrown at my father and another small amount at the stupid city guards."

Eagle-eye smirked, "Did you tell him about the dagger handle in the ass, signs, and candles?"

I shook my head, "I told him I worked out how to make examples of the two remaining assassins. We could have had ten dead bodies instead of eight and two messenger boys."

Annette, "What did he say about me?"

I told her, "Nothing yet but I covered the idea for the crossroads and how you're vital to that as well. I think he is intrigued and we may have an interrogation opportunity if you want to consider it. I did not put that out there. They found a drow spy in the Royal Palace who is not talking. Something to think over before answering."

I looked at the group, "The big problem is once we make this delivery, we could be off the road for a few weeks for them to try and get us assigned to a new location. I threw another idea at him that could make everyone a lot more money and less time traveling across the country. It was inspired by Annette, Charlemagne, and my repository of useless knowledge.

If things go well, we could be starting a mercenary company to work border protection, gather information, caravan protection, and training new members for the mercenary company. Some of those efforts could help find new recruits for the Knights. They are losing too many Knights compared to what they are getting. Like what you guys did for me, we will be doing to a lot of others.

The mercenary company will grow to around two hundred in five to ten years. You will all become trainers in your area of specialization; hunting, tracking, combat, stealth, finding arcane talent and bringing them up to combat readiness. Now if this works everyone gets promoted. You could have the opportunity to start your own business.

We're talking about reopening an old trade route that's much shorter and will save days on each journey to the Grand Falls and the Dwarven settlements. Another thing driving this is that we're expecting twin girls and this would keep her active with the unit even while raising two girls with the help of Annette and myself. The floor is open for questions and comments?"

Skinner asked, "What kind of business?"

I responded, "That would depend on what kind of business you want. We're looking at starting a general store and an Inn. This would be a brand-new village. We would need a sawmill, blacksmith, weaponsmith, enchanters' shop, and a clothing store that can cater to all member races. This Mercenary company would be designated for cross-border security controlling around four hundred square miles of territory. Half of it Elven the other half human and covering dwarven trade routes."

Everyone stared at me at this point. I gave them the break down on the plan at a high level and the treaties involved. "Back to business, the village charter will limit one business of each type to the village to keep it from growing too large. Costs for starting a business is around ten thousand gold pieces.

Plus buying stuff to sell or your equipment, raw materials, etc. You're the first to hear of this opportunity. You would get the chance to tell what you want before we even put in the village charter filed. Does that answer your question?"

Hunter stared, "Does this make us leaders?"

I shook my head, "As it was set up you would be paid extra to do the training you would still be working for Charlemagne and I. Patrol's might not have an officer in the group. Control of the patrol would belong to the sergeant or officer leading the patrol.

You would be there to evaluate. You can always say 'Get the fuck out, there are too many!' That would be advisable to save lives. Initially, we would be looking to recruit those who wish to lead patrols and that can be trusted. That's why you're all sworn to secrecy about Annette.

That does not mean the opportunity to become a leader is out of the question if you're interested. We have not allocated captains slots which is a higher slot than you could get on a wagon crew. If questions are raised there are magical means and psionic means to check honesty if a question arises.

I put the rise in rank with the bet I made with Jarron. If I win you all win, not just me. The thing Jarron forgot to remember 'I do not gamble I make calculated decisions on the risk.' I do not get odds, I find a way to try and make life better for everyone with no risk on your part."

The next question came from Tranosa, "What if I do not have enough money to start a business?"

I nodded, "It would depend on how much you're short but we may have some money to help get something started, did you have something in mind?"

He nodded, "Yes, you mentioned a sawmill is there a river nearby? Would this have to powered by another means? I probably have close to eight thousand gold pieces stashed away and I worked at one when I was younger."

I smiled, "Anybody else wants to talk sawmill before I answer him?" Nobody stepped into the sawmill discussion. I think they wanted to see where things went. "The sawmill is crucial for this project and yes there is a river. We're dealing with Elven forests; tree selection would be most likely decided by the local wood-elves.

Here is the kicker, the cost per tree will be five new saplings. We want to look at growing some lost Elven ground. We make it suitable for hunting for the non-Elven population that wishes to feed families but do not want to get shot by the wood-elves. Back to your question, we would front you the additional money and take payment back in trade for the building supplies.

We would need to construct the businesses we talked about; easy enough. You would have to hire a few apprentices to help run the mill while you're away but while this first stage of construction occurred, I would want you in the village overseeing needs and keeping track of sapling each person owes.

Hunter looked at me, "What about Elven women?"

I smile and put my hand on his shoulder, "I will know how you feel as if I live my full measure of life Charlemagne will go before me. The answer to your question we're a short distance to the capital, and we have two villages a few miles away, the one my mother was raised in and I spent my early childhood. The other has a mix of elves, Half-elves, and a few humans where Charlemagne and Annette grew up.

Cook looked puzzled, "Why a new village if two already exist nearby?"

I smiled at her "Very good question. None of them interact much with the outside world. We would try to become a buffer and aid in keeping outside people away from them. They could come to us and sell items through the various stores. We would work an agreement for them to determine any trees we take down in their area in exchange for services. The wood-elves know where to get saplings.

Many trees along the route would have to come down to house the garrison, and businesses which is why we want to get control of that land. In order to have a mercenary company, it has to be tied to a village or city. For one that's doing cross-border protection, no village wants outsiders living among them especially when they are changing out constantly.

We get it associated with a village, our village. The area we protect on the Elven side and the humans have to surrender control over a matching area on the human side. Most of the human land use to be Elven forests that have been wiped out with different battles and map lines have been moved. You can see where the saplings will go now. It's in the treaties but never used because of prejudices.

We will have signs with the village name in Elven and in common and this includes warning signs. The village will be called 'Quatarsia or Tolerance, while 'Gray Blades' will be the name of the mercenary group which has a lot of historical and symbolic meaning."

I paused, "I have given you the big details of what I have been working on for causing all that trouble. Though I was attacked and defended myself. If this goes through, you're not bound to the group to stay. You can stay or ask to be assigned to another group. You do have options to consider when or I should say if this plan bears fruit.

I have a lot riding on this. I hope you will want to take this journey because it will be diverse. I will ask about this only after I have the agreement for the land in hand. We will have to go to the capital to put in the mercenary charter and village charter."

Everyone headed out nodding and smiling as they left. Charlemagne, Annette, and I headed up to her room. I sat in a chair toward the end of the bed. "Have I done the right thing? Charlemagne, you have known these guys longer what do you think?"

She started working her way out of her armor with her sister's help. Her sister already removed her armor and was just getting her boots off at the end of the bed. She looked at me, "I think Hunter, Tranosa, and Doc are in. Doc because he really wants to see what happens with our children. Eagle-eye is likely. I think she's still hoping I will give her a shot at you after what you did to me in that wagon.

Cook and Skinner are a couple where one goes so will the other. Fireball, he is the wild card you have given him a window to explore and the question is if he is ready to explore it. Better they hear it now than later. You coming to bed? I looked over and both of them were naked. I looked at them, "Give me a hand."

They walked over. They had me undressed in no time and I surprised them by moving the chair over to the edge of the bed. I looked at them, "My mind is racing with everything we need to accomplish in the next couple of weeks. I think I will sit back and watch you two for a while. I have never seen the two of you play."

I got a smile from them as they crawl up on the bed and spend the next half hour kissing and rubbing their tits together as their fingers explore. Annette was on top and slowly moved down playing with her sister's nipples and I learned something new about what got Charlemagne excited. Just when she reaches the belly button she rotates and dropped her cunt right on Charlemagne's face.
