 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 5 Saatorixx Knights

I had obviously walked in on something as Jarron and my father looked at a document spread across his table. He asked me to stop but I continue to get Charlemagne into a chair. I looked at Jarron, "What are you looking at? Looked like a legal document."

He told me, "Not your concern."

I fired back, "If this is something I delivered, it is my concern. What is the harm here? You know where I am if you want to kill me. Maybe a fresh pair of eyes right out of the Academy is what you need."

Jarron smiled at my father, "OK, Eldar let's see what you see but we will not tell you what we are looking for."

I nodded. "First glance it is a trade agreement, and/or defense agreement. Hard to say without taking the time to read the whole thing. Who wrote it an elven scribe or a human?"

He said, "Elven."

I sighed, "It is not a bad copy of the original."

Jarron said, "No this is an original. That has yet to be signed."

I frown and said, "I doubt that."

He looked at me, "Why?"

I explained, "As part of my coursework we had to look over magical copies of original documents to have an understanding of Elven politics." He nodded. "Well unless the standards have dropped at the royal palace this cannot be an original."

He asked, "Why?"

I turned the document and pointed out the characters drawn on the first line, "Look at the seventh character it has a small hair-like 'j' at the bottom of the character."

He shrugged, "Why does that not make it an original in your opinion, a stray hair on a brush of mark with a quill would not stop it from being an original?"

I smirked, "I would agree if you said a human wrote it, but no royal court scribe would let that imperfection out of the palace and that is not the only one..." I point out several other 'j'.

"Before you ask me why again. I will point out these '/' and '\' on these other characters and the reverse 'j' on these characters. On some characters, the threads are not even in the same location on the character. They are also extremely precise in shape meaning they were deliberate. Either a novice scribe was assigned to this or someone altered it. Not likely altered as the composite of the ink appears to be a match to the characters.

The exact formula for the ink is never used twice on royal documents. They are made in batches for a particular task and if they run out of ink too soon the entire final document is begun again with a new and slightly larger ink pool. Elven scribes are nothing but anal and elven politicians will wait until the document is a masterpiece in design. Even if it is simply the annual letter to the students, we got every year at the Academy.

The letter arrived days or weeks after the beginning of the year just to ensure it was perfect before it went out. That is why royal scribes spend a hundred or more years as an apprentice."

Jarron looked at my father then back at me after he got a nod, "We believe a coded message is in the document." I looked at the back of each page and point out a small symbol in the bottom corner.

I smirked, "When a Master scribe approves a page for a document, he puts his own sigil in the bottom corner of the document and only one master scribe is assigned to that document. You could try and guess all of the meaning or if they denote a placement order or a substitution for a different character. Your best place to start is with this Master Scribe. He can tell you every apprentice who works under him. If you have other originals and they are from the same master scribe then you have your suspect pool in the Royal Palace for who originated the code. As the document was supposed to have been intercepted the target of the message is not likely at the other end, but instead destined to this Lord Barimus who spoke to our mercenary. How did I do?"

Charlemagne sat in the back and watched these two exchanging glances before she piped in, "I told you he always looking for the things out of place around him."

Jarron looked at her and nodded, "Best lead we have at the moment."

I looked at Jarron, "I would like to have a conversation with my father in private that had more than fifty words. Before he has to take care of some other matter. This would be our second conversation in fifty years. I would appreciate you not giving Charlemagne a hard time in my absence she has had a long and tiring night..." Charlemagne rolled her eyes and buried her face in her hands. "Father if you are willing to take a walk with me?"

Jarron chuckled, "The apple does not fall far from the tree I see."

My father nodded, "Too long between talks?"

I respond, "No. The first one was at my graduation."

I walked out the door as my father followed, "You can thank Charlemagne when we get back. If she had refused to talk with me last night concerning the questions I had about you, we would not be talking today. Nothing 'secret' except from me apparently. I am still in the dark on your organization here. Other than a general perception that it answers to nobody and helps many. Let me start by asking do you know of my current circumstances?"

Father shook his head, "Got here about thirty minutes ago been looking over that document."

I nodded, "Let me redirect your priorities for an hour and we can see if we can build upon that first if you are agreeable..."

He simply nodded, "It would be a starting point."

I stared at him, "Well, let me start off by saying there are a couple of things you cannot oversee or control at a distance in my life. If you try, I will fight you to the death if necessary. Do not confuse determination with arrogance just with me claiming a portion of my own life.

Now before you respond to that statement let me tell you what those things are. First, I am marrying Charlemagne and second, she is having my daughter as confirmed by our traveling priest, aka Doc. Please accept those as a foregone conclusion and either support us in our efforts or stay out of them."

My father looked at me, "If those are the two things you are willing to fight for right now, I have been in your shoes and I would choose to support you."

I nodded, "Then I expect no repercussions on Charlemagne regarding what happened. Should it have happened? Was it against the rules? As I understand her entry into your organization had similar circumstances with your, or should I say our cousin her first husband. This is all about give and take so feel free to chime in."

He smiled, "You are correct on all accounts, Charlemagne is a fine lady."

I held up my hand, "Both Charlemagne and Jarron said you would like to kill her for this situation. You could understand my concern for her welfare?"

He smiled, "They are both correct that I can be somewhat of a hardass. If I had heard it from them first, I probably would have raised hell with both of them. As I know where you stand, I have no issue. I am proud of that stance. I wish at times your mother would have been more relenting in that regard."

I nodded, "Good lead into the next conversation. Mother led me to believe you two had a yearlong affair and then left her for an arranged marriage. Something else that I found out was not true. A conversation between Charlemagne and her deceased husband. I put her on the spot to share with me. We have an agreement going forward.

Open and honest communication, not even the omission of information between us. She said you spent five years together and mother was adamant in her refusal to marry you because of the family impact. Is that complete and correct?"

He nodded again and smiled, "Accurate, oversimplified but accurate."

I paused in the conversation then resume after the awkward silence, "Give and take remember. You may have been keeping tabs on my life from afar but that does not mean I really know you."

He stopped to think about that, "I have never really stopped to try and summarize my life before. Much has existed supporting different personifications to different people. I would really have to put some time into that question."

I look at him and smiled, "I know I am young. I know very little of the world and how everything works. Grand Master Yetto tried to instill in me to always know myself. I am a son, who knows little about his father. I am part of a great elven family, that wants nothing to do with me. I grew up in an Elven society that was barely tolerant of me.

They only were because of my family name. Not my mixed Wood-elf heritage. I am skilled with a blade and spells, but I am not indestructible. I am always on my guard because I have never had anyone at my back until recently. I have been given a great weapon that has helped in combat and armor to help protect me from injury.

They were of little comfort when being mauled by a grizzly. The comfort came from following rule number two. Surround yourself with people who have complementary skill sets. Which is why I love Charlemagne and like her team. In case you are wondering, rule one was 'Never travel the road alone, if at all possible.'

Which I felt like that was the case after mother died and until Grand Master Yetto started to guide me, almost eighteen years. Now you have a good summary of me. Did I become the man you expected?"

My father stopped in his tracks, "No, you became the man I always wanted to be. You became much more than me instead of being forced into the role my family wanted me to play. My options were fewer, in some cases that will be true for your half-brother. They are going to be expected to fill a role and given very little leeway in shaping their own paths."

I nodded, "Thank you for that. I have never spoken with my half-brothers. I know the eldest was not selected by Grand Master Yetto as his next apprentice. I observed the selection but I stayed in the shadows. He came up short in his ability with his swordsmanship. Did not know if you knew that yet or not."

He shook his head, "No probably has more to do with his mother's wishes. Her disdain for the Grand Master Being a half-elf and a cousin. I am sure if he is brought before another master who is a moon or High-elf he would improve if his mother wished it."

I looked at him, "If I had known, I would have addressed them all to try and get them to look at the Grand Master, not the elf or half-elf behind it. I know Grand Master Yetto made a small fortune on wagers he placed on me. I found that out after I got here.

Let's talk about the future. First, I know where I want to get married but I have not talked to Charlemagne about it yet. I know I like traveling with her, but nobody has spoken to me about joining your organization as of yet. I have no idea what role that would be if any. I do not assume to know others intent. I can make reasonably calculated decisions. I guess I would like to know why you wanted me here? I would not be here if you had forbidden them?"

He looked back at me, "You are pretty straight to the target kind of guy, aren't you?"

I shook my head, "No I am not, I am always studying my surroundings and potential adversaries."

He looked at me, "Is that how you see me as a potential adversary?"

I shook my head yet again, "No I have no idea of how to think of you. Not to be disrespectful but you said you did not know how to summarize yourself. At this point, you are a surrounding; something I have to observe until I can make an informed opinion on if you are an adversary or an ally. I know if you surround yourself with people like Charlemagne, her team, and Grand Master Yetto then I know you are on the right path to being an ally."

Father chuckled, "Talking with you is like playing chess you have to be two steps ahead."

I nodded, "Talking with you is like trying to define the enigma of life, you are many different things to many different people at some point you need to come back to knowing who you really are, to yourself. Then, you will find the key to getting to know me much better as we can play on the same field."

He looked at me, "You have given me some things to think about, you have an interesting approach to life."

I smiled at him, "Grand Master Yetto's approaches, I have just applied them. Why don't we go back inside and see where we stand?"

He slipped me another piece of paper, "The last command word for that sword. Try it on an open rocky field it is a once a week ability. It will sap all of your highest-level spells in the process of activating it but it can be devastating to a horde of enemies. Think wall of fire that rolls away from you into the masses. You have to have your sword active to use it; the more powerful your highest-level spells the more you have to lose but the greater swath of destruction. You could spend a decade trying to master."

I look back at him, "Then I will do it in four years."

He laughed, "I bet you just might!"

We moved back toward the building and stepped inside. In Jarron's office, things were quiet. I walked up to the front of his desk, "Have you decided on what you want to ask of me? Also, are you willing to answer my questions or concerns?"

Jarron looks at me, "You are pretty direct."

My father laughed, "No he is not he is sizing you up!"

I smiled, "The same thing I did with Charlemagne when I first met her and her crew. Always assessing my surroundings."

Jarron looking at my father for a response and he finally did, "Make him an offer we would be fools to let him go. Especially me again."

Jarron looked at me, "Have you heard of the Saatorixx Knights?"

I thought for a second, "No...wait, yes! Saatorixx was the name assigned to the first dragon era, an Ancient Silver. His knights existed over 7,000 years ago to try and keep evil in check and the world in balance to avoid large conflicts and keep them small and localized when conflict occurs. They did a lot of damage control and preemptive strikes when a situation seemed to be getting too dangerous. They died over 7,000 years ago."

Jarron glared at me, "How did you know that?"

I responded, "I tend to remember things I read, I believe my mother had a book on them when I was a kid. When you do not have many friends, you can find solace in a book. I retain facts and concepts not always the exact phrasing as was the case here. I have improved on that over time. I would have to find the book to confirm that."

Father said, "Don't look at me. I didn't feed him the answers to these questions. I could see his mother having such a book. You got everything except that last part it was resurrected about 800 years ago by a small group of Silver Dragon's trying to take up the mantle again."

I looked at them, "Is that who you are? You are asking me to join the Saatorixx Knights?" Jarron nodded. "What openings are available to me?"

Jarron asked, "What kind of work do you want to do?"

I look back at Charlemagne, "I would like to work with Charlemagne when you pull her from the field, I go with her or at the very least I am kept close to home. I would like at least half of the money Grand Master Yetto sent from wagers he placed at the academy on my progress. The money is to establish a home, plan a wedding, and buy a wedding ring befitting a beautiful lady who owns my heart.

Also, to set aside money for our child should something happen to either or both of us. I have not discussed this with Charlemagne as this is something, I want to do for us. I would like to be consulted when a problem like the document you had earlier should arise. Where another set of eyes and applying my background in research to aid the organization.

If there is a command position in her team available and my skills are suited to it then I would like to be considered on my merit and not on my family name, or age. How doable is that?"

Jarron looked to Charlemagne, "Thoughts? Ideas on the status of your team?"

Charlemagne looked at him as she shifted uncomfortably, "Standing is a bit difficult at the moment. Thank you, gentlemen, for letting me sit..." Jarron snickered. "The team is ready to go back into the field to complete the current assignment. My current second is Hunter, who only took the job until we could find someone to fill it. He hates being in a command position."

Jarron sighed, "I cannot pull you from the field when we pull Charlemagne. We can work to keep you in close and frequent proximity. When that occurs, you would take over her team until she returns or steps down full time. If you are available when a problem like this one arises, we will not hesitate to have you take a look at the issue. If Charlemagne and you buy a business like a pub or a store. Something that can be used as an asset. The Knights could make her a stay at home paid operative if she so desires."

Tossing me the bag. "As to the money, Grand Master Yetto sent it back for you if you decided to join, he knew your value. Each one is worth 5,000 gold pieces or more. Wages are based on rank and profit sharing is equal shares among your team. Charlemagne knows this and can fill you in."

I looked to Charlemagne, "I know when and where I would like to get married. On the night of the double crescent moon in the open grove near the waterfall close to my mother's home village of Misora."

Charlemagne looked at me, "That is a lovely location for a wedding and Doc will be our priest. That leaves getting clothes for the wedding. I would like Jarron to extend an invitation to Grand Master Yetto, your father, Jarron, my family, and our crew."

I replied, "Then there is the matter of feeding everyone and allocating accommodations for the night."

Charlemagne smiled, "Accommodations can be had in my home village it is only a few miles from the wedding location. We can get my family to organize a hunt and gather for the feast as they are local, Roughly ten miles west in the Village of Porzcosa if you take the road. Three miles directly to the falls. Jarron can you send a message to my father on my behalf. Letting him know I am looking to get married again at Silent Falls on the night of the double Crescent moon."

I looked at my father, "You will make it?" Sounding like more of a statement than a request. He nodded at me and smiled.

I quipped, "You could always ask your wife if she wants to come to play with the natives in the woods."

He chuckled and shook his head. "One additional request father. Speak with your other sons about overcoming their prejudices. I cannot personally speak to his skill level. If you believe his mother would have asked him to throw the competition because of Grand Master Yetto's race, tell them he is your cousin and worthy of respect.

Pass along from me, 'Live your life to the fullest, no parent can live it for you.' I would like to know their response to that information to know if there is any redeeming family I can relate to back in the city."

Father thought, "I will think on that one. Not sure I want their mother knowing how much contact we have, she can be a real bitch."

I nodded, "Marry for love, that is my motto."

Jarron laughed as Charlemagne and I moved to leave his office.

Charlemagne stopped, "Two questions, when is the mission briefing and am I off the hook for breaking the rules?"

Jarron responded, "Mission briefing is in two hours. As to if you're being off the hook, I have not had..."
