 "Hey, I've got another riddle for you: what's the difference between you and a bitch who's about to get her teeth kicked in?"

Not again. Why did someone always give her alcohol? Every time they went to a party, she explained that sphinxes cannot produce alcohol dehydrogenase. Every single time, someone gave the damn cat liquor. She would have to leave early, dragging a drunken sphinx back to their apartment. Alone. 

Beth sighed with frustration, finishing off her drink while moving to extricate herself and the wasted cat before anything bad happened. Tonight was going to be her eighth consecutive strikeout. Despite her shoulder-length blonde hair E-cup breasts, she had yet to take a boy home since she arrived at school. Her roommate was the most effective chastity belt ever made, a ticking time bomb guaranteed to ruin any party or double date and then shed all over everything to boot.

A crowd was forming around the four-legged cockblock, watching her pick a fight with a lamia, of all things. With the aid of the mental laxative called alcohol, Beth would readily admit that the sphinx was quite attractive. Her bronze skin, sharp features, and black hair set her apart from the sea of pale brunettes that filled their Midwestern university. Although the sphinx did her best to hide it, she had quite the body under that ridiculous green knit sweater. Short fur covered her soft, almost-human stomach and enormous bust that jiggled obscenely between her front legs. Apparently, no one had yet designed a bra for sphinxes. That or she never bothered to wear one. Either way, the cat was a bombshell of a woman with the grace of a cat, wrapped up in a knit onesie sweater. Life was, at times, humorous.

Beth parted the crowd easily, most people recognizing her as something like the sphinx's caretaker. By the looks of things, she was not a second too early. The lamia was coiled and poised to strike the cat, whose tail was about three times thicker than normal as she tried to make herself as large as possible. She approached quickly and decisively. Even a drunken sphinx could outrun her if she had the chance.

"Come on, Liz, we're leaving."

As it turns out, sphinxes shared more traits with cats than they would admit. A quick struggle later, Beth had her by the scruff of the neck. She went limp immediately as she was picked up and carried out of the room with nary a kick.

"Hey, no fair! You promised to not do that in public!"

"Yeah, and you promised not to get trashed this time. We're going home."

At times, Beth was quite appreciative of her back-country upbringing. Some men were put off by her lightly, yet noticeably muscled body, but strength was invaluable when dealing with a stubborn and idiotic roommate. She apologized profusely to the host of the party before taking her leave with the limp cat. First to leave, yet again. At this rate, she was going to be an old maid.

"Hey, Beth. Sorry I got carried away, it's just-"

"I don't want to hear it. I don't want an apology. I just want you to stop making an ass of yourself."

Somehow, Liz looked even more pathetic after being scolded. She did seem sorry, but being sorry wasn't going to undo tonight. Beth put her down, sick of carrying her literal burden along with her figurative one. The sphinx struggled to regain her balance but eventually managed to muster out a semblance of coordination and follow the human woman. What was she going to do with her?

They arrived at their apartment some time later, in perfect silence. They each went their own ways: Liz to the toilet and Beth to the kitchen to procure water and medicine for the trashed cat. Ibuprofen was not yet approved for sphinxes, but that had not stopped them so far. Liz was a first-class bitch with a hangover. 

The variously unpleasant sounds coming from the bathroom cut through Beth's buzz, the last thing keeping tonight from being a total failure. She took school seriously, but it would be a lie to say that finding a boyfriend wasn't close-behind on her list of priorities. At this rate, she was going to be single forever. 

Maybe next time, she should leave Liz at home. She was a rather serious handicap at parties. Tonight was practically a record: she made it nearly a full hour before picking a fight with someone eight times her size (length-wise). Then again, leaving her on her own was a pretty shitty thing to do. The sphinx was a rather social beast, but had more than a little difficulty making friends on her own, owing to the long time she and her kind spent in total isolation. The way she had latched onto Beth made it clear that she only wanted a friend. 

Speaking of the devil, Liz finally managed to drag herself out of the bathroom, taking both the jug of water and ibuprofen without a word. Beth hoped that she hadn't said anything too inappropriate earlier. With any luck, they will have both forgotten pretty much everything by morning. Such is the grace and mystery of alcohol. In the meantime, all that was left to do was get undressed and into bed. Hopefully, Liz would be able to take care of herself on that regard.

Beth stripped in her room, retaining nothing but a white undershirt and black pair of panties. She crawled between the sheets, just drunk-enough to feel the world turn when she closed her eyes. Today was her last day of freedom for a while. Tomorrow, she would have to start studying for midterms. It was hard to believe that her first semester was almost over. She did not begrudge the time she spent helping the awkward sphinx adjust to college life, but she couldn't help but wish for some of the time back. As her mind wandered through its drunken haze, a dead weight impacted her bed.

"Liz?"

"Yeah. I just wanted to say sorry for tonight. If you want, you can go by yourself next time. I know I'm a pain in the ass."

"No, no. Well, I guess you are. But it's not that bad. You're fun to be around, but you really need to stop drinking. You know you can't handle liquor."

"But I get so nervous around people, I can't help it. I never even met someone outside of my family until four months ago. I don't really know what to talk about. No one wants to hear about how I spent twenty years in Wyoming, sleeping in the woods and catching fish like some kind of bear."

"Grizzly."

"Yeah, I know what kind of bear. Smart-ass."

The silence between them was rather comfortable. Living together was tough, but they would get through it. They had become fast friends when they first met and had always had a knack for reconciliation. Liz was awkward and an extremely aggressive drunk, but she was earnest and kind, not to mention very intelligent. It was hard to stay mad at her. Beth reached over to her friend, stroking the soft fur on her back.

"Liz, are you naked?"

"Seems that way."

"Why are you naked?"

"I always sleep like this."

"Then why are you in my bed?"

"I already told you. I came to apologize."

Well, this conversation was going nowhere. It's not like she was really naked, anyway. Sphinxes did not wear clothing until they integrated with human society. Really, most of the monstrous races didn't. Her fur kept her warm, so there was really no need for clothes outside of societal expectations. Plus, her fur felt really nice. She inched closer to the cat, enjoying her soft, furry warmth.

"Hey, want me to tell you some riddles? Maybe it will cheer you up."

"Liz, I don't like your riddles when I'm sober. Plus, most of them aren't even riddles."

The sphinx was double-majoring in mathematics and philosophy. It really wasn't fair.

"Fine, real riddles this time. No more conformally mapped trolley problems carried out in non-symmetric metric spaces with rails whose boundary points aren't necessarily contained within the space."

"No, no riddles at all. I'm way too tired."

"Too bad. What's brown and sticky?"

"I'm not doing this, Liz."

"Answer or I piss your bed."

"What the hell is wrong with you? Fine, I don't know. Caramel?"

"No, a stick."

"Liz, that's not even a riddle. Go to bed, you're drunk."

"Here's another: what runs on 4 AA in the morning, 2 C in the afternoon, and 3 D cells at night?"

"Don't know."

"My sex life."

"Alright, that one was pretty good."

"No, but seriously. I can't even reach myself with these paws. I'm so pent-up it hurts."

"LIZ! Too much information."

Liz rolled over, running her eyes up and down her roommate. Like a cat's, they glowed in the dark, a rather disturbing image in the otherwise-black room. By the faint light of the window, Beth could make out the sphinx's silhouette. From this angle, she looked just like any other woman, even with a rather enticing curve to her waist. Her feline limbs must be hidden by her shadow.

"We are in college, Beth."

"Yeah, what's your point?"

"How about the 'old college try'?"

"Go to bed, Liz."

"Come on, at least rub my belly."

"Go to bed, Liz."

"Do it or I piss your bed."

"Oh my God, what is your deal? Fine, I'll do it."

Beth reached through the darkness to the sphinx, feeling blindly for her body until landing on the not-so-gentle curve of her waist. Damn, she had nice hips. She stretched out her fingers, rubbing her side in slow strokes. Fine, soft fur tickled her hand back. As she moved to the cat's stomach, the fur grew finer and softer. Her belly felt surprisingly human, like a woman wearing velvet. A thick layer of muscle lay just beyond her soft surface, a body appropriate for a half-cat. 

Liz twitched slightly under her touch, purring softly with closed eyes. Beth explored further, finding that she had a navel, as a human would. To be honest, that only raised further questions about how sphinxes worked, but she had neither the time nor energy to concern herself with that. She stroked her roommate's belly in soft lines, making sure to never come too close to her breasts, lest she get the wrong idea. At the nadir of one long stroke, she realized that her hand had become slightly wet and sticky. Sniffing her own hand,s he came to a sudden realization.

"Liz! Are you...wet?"

"I can't help it. You were doing really well."

"Get out of my bed, cat."

"Oh, come on! We can't stop now; I'm dying over here!"

Beth felt her paws latch onto her panties, sharp nails digging ever-so-slightly into her skin.

"No, wait!"

Too late. The sphinx's lips found the top of her now-bare and shaved mound, kissing softly against her warm skin. She shouted some token protests but quickly fell quiet. It had been so long since anyone touched her like this. It may just be the alcohol talking, but a growing part of her brain was insisting that this may not be a bad idea. Liz's mouth slowly trailed lower and lower until her lips barely brushed against her clit.

"Not complaining anymore, I see."

"So what if I changed my mind? Shut up and get back in there."

To add emphasis, she grabbed her head, fingers wrapping slowly into the other girl's smooth, black hair. A moment later, a pair of lips found her slit, kissing it lightly. The lips were quickly joined by a tongue. It was incredibly rough, yet slick-enough to glide gently, pulling and scraping at her outer folds. If she had not been slowly growing damp, the tongue may well have been slightly painful. Instead, it drew an involuntary moan as it entered her, slipping just barely between her lips.

The sphinx's tongue roamed slowly, alternating between long lines and tight circles around the entrance to her passage. With a light flick at her hole and an occasional brush of a lip against her pearl, she was entirely at the mercy of her partner. Slowly, far too slowly, the sphinx picked up the pace, now smothering her folds in light, short licks. Beth gasped,arching her back as she lost herself in the moment. She slipped a hand under her shirt to rub her aching, bare nipple while the other hand spread her sex open, presenting herself to the other woman's tongue.

She couldn't take it anymore. The sphinx's teasing was too cruel and frankly too effective. With her back lifted entirely off the bed, she pulled Liz deeper into her sex. Liz, for her part, was all-too-happy to oblige, snaking her tongue deeper and deeper into her tight passage. Every flick of her strong tongue was a new sensation. The thin, harsh appendage navigated her tunnel unlike anything else ever had, exploring every corner and every fold in search of her most sensitive spots. All the while, her nose due against the hood of her clitoris, the cat's hot breath washing over her exposed nub. 

Beth mauled her own breasts, squeezing and twisting her own nipples in a futile effort to match the pleasure the sphinx was giving her. The creature's tongue flicked in and out of her sex, scraping and prodding her walls while lapping up her leaking juices. The gentle grinding pressure against her clitoris sent the experience to a whole new level. She was gasping, her head light with pleasure as her chest heaved. Her whole body felt warm and comfortable while her sex burned and prickled with desire. Her legs shook and hips jerked reflexively, grinding her slit against the sphinx's face and directing her remarkably articulated tongue. 

Beth's head rolled back as pleasure overwhelmed her, dragging her right up to the edge before giving her a shove. Her legs held the sphinx in place, squeezing tightly around her head. Her tongue wrestled with Beth's convulsing walls, struggling to reach deeper even as her contractions forced it out. All the while, the pressure against her clit never released, pushing so hard against her most-sensitive spot that flecks of white gathered in the corners of her vision. She flooded the sphinx's mouth with her fluids, soaking her and the sheets with her outpouring lust. 

With a final moan and a roll of her hips, she came down from her high, still shaking and twitching as incidental waves of pleasure rolled over her. She painted heavily, recovering slowly from her intense orgasm. Her hands roamed her own body, softly caressing her breasts and stomach as she basked in the receding pleasure. She finally remembered to release the sphinx, relaxing her legs' grip about her head and letting them fall to the sides, leaving her spread-eagle and heaving.

"Holy shit. Where did you learn to do that?"

"I'm half-cat, remember? I eat myself out all the time. Being flexible is amazing."

Lewd girl. Beth sat up, pulling the sphinx's face into hers for a kiss. She seemed surprised at first but opened up quickly, letting the human girl's tongue into her own mouth. She tasted metallic and slightly bitter, probably the remnants of Beth's own liquid arousal. Her hands found the sphinx's body, caressing her firm waist before sliding up her sides to her breasts.

They were massive, even larger than her own. Also furry. It was a strange combination, but all the more alluring for its exoticism. She found Liz's nipples, tugging at them gently as their tongues slid against each other, combining their fluids in a mutual act of passion. Beth broke the kiss when she ran out of breath, turning her head to afford her a chance to speak before the sphinx found another use for her mouth.

"Let's trade places. I'm going to show you what you can do with hands."

She directed her partner to a more comfortable position for both of them, hiking her hindquarters up high-enough to provide easy reach and allowing the rest of her body to rest comfortable on a mound of pillows. Beth sat behind her, lifting her tail and getting her first look at what she had to work with. 

Fortunately, it was nothing she hadn't seen before. A surprisingly human, if furry, snatch sat just above her haunches with a neat, pink hole a few inches higher. Liz was disastrously wet, her fur matted and soaked through with her own drippings. She was absolutely going to need to wash her sheets tomorrow. 

Her hands gripped the cat's hips, massaging them on a slow path towards her bottom. Her thumbs reached out, rubbing her furry outer lips from top to bottom with insistent pressure. Each stroke forced more fluid from her slit where it dangled in thin strands. She almost wanted to dive in with her mouth, but she made a promise. Perhaps she would find something else to occupy her mouth with. When she tired with watching strands of lubricant grow, she cracked her knuckles and got to work.

Liz was trembling in anticipation, desperate for Beth to do something more than stroke her outer lips. She knew she should be nervous. Her first time was going to be with a woman. Her roommate, nonetheless. Fortunately, alcohol had come through for her, speaking words of wisdom into her thought-starved brain: "fuck it". How could she possibly argue with such compelling logic? Any possible apprehension was forced out by Beth's fingers as the first made its way into her sex.

She masturbated quite a bit and had long-since torn her own hymen, but the feeling of something living, something with its own mind feeling around inside her was altogether new. It pushed in and out of her tight hole with gentle speed, its owner apparently cognizant of her inexperience and anxious excitement. The tip curled towards her belly, scratching along her front wall, looking for a spot that she was intimately familiar with.

A moment later, she felt another hand brush against her sex, spread fingers caressing her inner lips and the sensitive skin on the sides of her hood. They stroked up and down in time with the first finger, squeezing her nub from the sides as the probing finger dragged across the squishy gland inside her. She bucked her hips, struggling to put just a little more pressure where she wanted it. Beth, meanwhile, would have none of that, withdrawing her touch each time she tried to direct her.

"Just lay still. Trust me, you'll love this."

The soft, teasing pressure resumed in earnest. Liz fought the urge to impale herself on the probing fingers, remaining as still as her over-eager body would allow. A second finger joined the first inside her squeezing passage. She easily stretched to accommodate it, but the aroused swelling in her walls made her feel the extra digit so much more intensely. The fingers curled together, alternating pressure against her passage while they slowly stroked in and out. It was gentle but intense, slow but exhilarating. She gasped and clawed the sheets, marshaling her strength to hold still and allow the fingers to do their work.

The slow lick of fingers around her inner lips suddenly ceased, replaced by the gentle pressure of a thumb against her stiff hood. It circled slowly, a soft touch to tease more than stimulated. An occasional, sudden slip of the finger to rub her exposed clit only reinforced the feeling of tortured ecstasy. The errant flicks across her pearl became gradually more frequent, until almost every other slow cycle saw her protruding nub attacked directly.

While Liz panted and clenched, Beth's position behind her shifted. A pair of lips found the sphinx's furry cheeks, kissing and tonguing them flirtatiously. The kisses became deeper and wetter as they slowly moved inwards. Liz could feel her tail flicking mindlessly into her partners face, though it seemed to do little to deter her from her slow march. By the time that Beth reached the inside of her cheek with her exploring tongue, she was starting to grow slightly concerned.

"Beth, what are y-"

She answered her own question with a strangled cry of surprise when a warm wetness pressed against her back entrance. It circled around her twitching ring, the sudden and novel sensation catching her off-guard. She drew breath to protest but lost it in an instant as a third finger entered her. She had some toys of decent size, but this was new. She was stretched to the point of discomfort, yet could not restrain her moans as her tunnel stretched and squeezed to around the probing girth.
