 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 7 Wedding Plan and Sisterly Love

The next six days went off with no issues. That was surprising. We delivered the cargo and agreed to meet back at the stables by at morning meal two days from now. Charlemagne and I decide to go ring shopping; wedding and cock. We found a nice little ring store that sold magical trinkets including an interesting line of magical wedding bands. The bands were made by a local half-elf enchanter.

They were designed with an enchantment that when spoken by the wearer or if the ring is removed it would make a beautiful ring seem mundane in order to hide its value. Charlemagne picked out a ring that was a half inch thick made of platinum with an inset ring of pure sapphire running thru the middle. Magically sunken into the sapphire band were fourteen tiny matching diamonds.

When the ring was removed or the command word is spoken it would look like an ordinary copper band worth next to nothing. The ring was worth nine thousand gold pieces. The magical cock ring we confirmed would not interfere with existing pregnancies but would ensure any seed passing within would be infertile. The ring itself would remain on until the command word was spoken, and invisible to all but the wearer.

Another four thousand gold pieces. I laid out three diamonds and was given three thousand gold pieces in change; which I took in two thousand gold piece emeralds, sixty platinum pieces, and four-hundred gold pieces. An hour later and we were at the door to Charlemagne twin sister Annette.

Annette opened the door and smiled at her sister and then looked over at me, "Another new member of your crew."

Charlemagne chuckled, "And then some!"

Which caused Annette to invite us in to get the latest news. Charlemagne, introduced me, "This is Eldar Silvertree my soon to be husband and the father of your coming niece."

Annette was at a loss for words, just looked back and forth between the two of us. Charlemagne continued, "I wanted the two you to meet. He hasn't even met father yet. We are headed back that way. We will get married at Silent Falls on the night of double crescent moon."

She finally spoke, "Silvertree, as in the same family name of your late husband."

I nodded, "Yes a distant cousin I never knew, I am half Wood-elf and half Moon-elf. I spent my early years in Misora near Silent Falls until my mother's death. Then I was sent to the academy in the capital. I am a trained Master Blade Singer."

She looked at me again, "You are with the military?"

I shook my head, "No, I work with Charlemagne. She wanted you to see her wedding ring, help her pick out a dress tomorrow, and more importantly find out if you approve of me."

I pointed at Charlemagne, "Why don't you take the lead on this."

Charlemagne asked, "Ring." I handed it to her and her sister saw the plain copper band.

She slides it on her finger and thought of the command phrase which I had selected and translates into 'The heart of Eldar belongs to Charlemagne.' The ring revealed itself.

Annette gasps loudly then said, "That must have cost a fortune!" I still left the conversation between the two sisters. Charlemagne just smiles and nodded.

Annette looked at me, "Did you rob a dragon's hoard?"

I shook my head, "Grand Master Yetto trained me. Yes, her step-son I learned later. He was not Academy trained but was certified a Grand Master by the Academy and apparently challenges Academy methods of training. He placed wagers that he could produce an Academy student into an Academy champion. The apprenticeship program ran for thirty years.

The competitions for championships are held every five years against all current apprentices at the Academy I beat the field in my fifteenth year, he kept rolling the wagers to Grand Masters and others. I won every competition including my last to be the only four-time champion of the Academy. He gave half of that money to me. I was not even aware of the wagers. We spent a fraction of that today."

I pulled out the pouch and poured out the two emeralds and seven remaining diamonds. I look to Annette, "More than enough to pay for the wedding items left, start a business or buy a home, and have money set aside for the child's future."

Charlemagne then told her about our first night together after the grizzly and the fight with the mercenaries. Then the challenge I laid before here, skipping over how I did what I did. Only that she could hardly walk after that. Then my journal entry I showed her concerning that night.

The fact I would be more insistent in my request to marry her at some point if children came into play. She then realized she had not used any form of protection, confirmed she was, in fact, pregnant, and she accepted my offer. Resulting in us topping the previous number but over twenty-four hours. Which we did easily, given the additional time.

Annette looked at me, "You are the Gods' gift to women?"

I shook my head, "No, as Charlemagne called me a 'cocky flirt' in her description of me. I do not look at myself that way. I look at Charlemagne as the Gods' gift to me and we bring the best out of each other. Does that answer your question?"

She nodded. "Do you have a yard I can use I try to get in at least an hour's worth of blade work a day. I was doing eight hours back at the Academy with sparring for an hour-long period then taking twenty minutes and going again. This would give you and your sister some time to talk alone."

She showed me to the back door of her home and while she and Charlemagne talked, they watched me from a window. I worked the flaming sword up over from one hand to the other and back again for an hour straight. Then quickly sheath my sword and make my way back inside. I looked to Charlemagne, "How did your conversation go?"

She smiled at me, "She wants you to do us both and she said if you can get her to cum ten times, she will not only believe you, she will bless our marriage and you can fuck her any way you want until morning."

She smirked at me until I look at Charlemagne, "The issue was never if I could get her there, but the fact I could get you there. We will start with you then we will see how your sister does, but that means going back on the cap you wanted to set to stop chasing records."

Annette just looked at the two us and Charlemagne grabbed my hand and led me to the bedroom. I stripped down, as does she and Annette followed suit.

I asked Annette, "Can you sit at the head of the bed facing me." I look at the bed and then Charlemagne, Look at the lovely rail."

She smiles. She slid under the rail at the end of the bed and extends her legs over the edge. "You can move closer if want Annette, you have seen her cum before. You can decide if she is faking it. Charlemagne; I will not stop until Annette says I can stop; putting your trust into your sister. Claw at arms or shoulders if you need to but hold the rail or the sheets otherwise. Agreed?"

Charlemagne nodded rapidly, "I agree!"

I could see she was already wet in anticipation. I grabbed her legs and pulled them over the rail standing at the end of the bed, and lock her legs with my left arm close to her chest and she was almost facing her sister's cunt at this point. I told her, "If you want to lick your sister at all now would be the time to do it. Before I do it to Annette' and she won't want you to touch her clit."

Annette straddles Charlemagne's face and I told Anette, "You can help hold her leg if you like and you will have to count them out as she now has her mouth full with your cunt."

Anette blushed and held her legs, "Alright."

Now she could get a better view of what I was about to do to her sister. I started slowly and licked around the outside. I slid the tongue up the middle. I slid in one finger then the second and I found the spot inside. I moved to her clit kissing and teasing it softly working to build up her first climax until it hits then I went hard onto her clit sucking and flicking with my tongue and Charlemagne bucked. Annette just stared and said nothing.

I keep going until Annette climaxes from Charlemagne efforts which brought her out of her haze and she shouts, "You can stop now!"

I slowly back away and Charlemagne clit was big and swollen. I commented, "Charlemagne I guess it did not work your sister never called out a count."

Annette stammered, "I am...um...sorry...I stopped counting when I came at fifteen."

I asked Charlemagne, "What was your final count?"

She huffed, "The count was eighteen climaxes you bastard!"

Then laughed at me. I sighed, "Alright, let's get Charlemagne to her feet and take her to the other room for some water."

Charlemagne glared at me, "You know I won't be able to walk."

I replied, "Your sister can help you this time. When we get back it is her turn with me and then her turn with you. Might want to bring in plenty of water let me give you a hand with Charlemagne."

We got her to feet and her legs would not support her. I sat her back down, "Wait."

I walked out with Annette to ask, "Looking forward to your turn? I don't think she will be sitting on your face for this one as she cannot support herself yet."

She just looks at me with a white face and remains silent. We return to the room and Charlemagne was slumped over on her side with her legs spread to keep the pressure off of her clit and I handed her a glass of water, then refilled it after she downed it.

I looked to Annette, "Time for you to come down. Now, this is my first time with you. I am not expecting the same results. In the first attempt but we can get you there in a few hours max."

I tried to scare her a bit and it seemed to be working. I lifted her legs over, "Will you help hold them, Charlemagne. I know you want payback for not calling me off. Same rules. You call them out the target is ten for you."

She nodded. I found that she was already soaking from Charlemagne attention. I started with sliding in two fingers and realize she was pretty loose. Which gave me an idea for later. I started licking the outside; then up the middle then I started kissing her clit and running my tongue over the tip. I realize she tastes more like cinnamon that honey a stark contrast. It took some time just working her clit and sliding my fingers inside.

I would not push up until she started to climax. She finally hit her first after about twenty minutes. I flipped the fingers up and start pressing from the inside while coming down on her clit hard, she has her second and sprayed me with fluid. Then her third hit, more fluid but less quantity, then her fourth no fluid, then she hit her fifth and passed out on us.

I smile at Charlemagne, "Give her thirty minutes then we can wake her if she has not already. I will go get some more water quickly."

Ten minutes later she came to and looked at her sister, "Where in the hell did you find this guy?"

I responded, "She picked me like a stray as I left the city after my graduation."

Charlemagne laughed, "Pretty close to it started with no pay at the beginning of the journey and ended up equal shares and becoming my number two by the halfway point, engaged, and pregnant."

I look at Annette, "We have five more to go so drink up and let me know when we can resume. I am really looking forward to getting the chance to fuck you both after this."

Annette, "This guy is some kind of machine he is still doing this after working for an hour straight in the yard. Alright, I am ready, not sure we will get to five again."

I sighed with a smirk, "Your probably right I am guessing six this time."

Then I told Charlemagne. "Help warm her up for the second-round lick and play with tits. I started again and manage to get her to five with no squirting this time then I shocked her. I move a fourth finger into her and continue to twist slowly to get my thumb pointed down. Just when Annette thought I was going to press it into her I slide my whole hand into cunt while still working clit and she quickly hit six and passes out again.

Charlemagne looked at me, "Why did you do that?"

I smiled at her, "You said if I got her to ten, I could fuck her any way I wanted. Well, I saw how loose she got and I have no doubt that is not the first time a hand has been inside her."

Charlemagne looked embarrassed, "I have gotten it inside a few times myself, but now she is going to think I told you that."

I grabbed the cock ring and put it on, and walk over to Charlemagne, "You first or your sister, remember first time is quicker."

She nodded, "Go ahead and do me while she is out cold."

I pulled her legs through the opening and pulled her further out and had her hold her knees against the bar and I line up into her and slid in nice and slow. I dragged it out because I wanted her sister awake before I pumped Charlemagne full of seed.

Annette finally woke up. I finally sped up in Charlemagne until she had my seed in her. I look at Annette, "Charlemagne has a mess of seed in her cunt, can you clean that up especially the stuff that dripped on her clit. Charlemagne glares at me, as her sister grabs and pulls her back and has her sitting on her face as her legs were numb.

I walk over to the side and I grabbed Annette's open hand. I set my wet cock into it and told her, "Get me hard again so I can fuck you next." Charlemagne winces and squirms as her clit was being licked and Annette's hand went to moving knowing I was going to fuck her soon.

I was hard and starting to feel good. I Look to Charlemagne, "Bend down and hold her legs while I slide into her sopping pussy."

Then I told Charlemagne, "Time for you to do her clit." As Charlemagne started, I slide a couple of fingers and got them wet. Then I took them down to Annette's nether-hole and start rubbing them and just poking into the first knuckle.

Annette just moaned and groaned from the assault on her. I got some more of the fluid seeping from her and slick up the fingers really good and slide the first into second knuckle swirl it around then added the second finger and slide them around.

I lean over and told Annette, "We do this again in the future I will have Charlemagne suck me off first and get me hard then warm up your pussy just a little. Then I will slide in and fuck you with long slow strokes until your toes curl as Charlemagne and you work each other's cunts."

She moaned at the dirty talk. I started to pump faster into her sloppy pussy and finally, I shot off into her. I told Charlemagne, "Better clean that out."

I then winked at her. I moved to the head of the bed and told Annette, "Time to suck me off. After we stop, eat and get a little rest I am going come back and fuck your ass while you two finger each other." Annette moaned as Charlemagne finishes cleaning her out.

I looked back, "You missed a spot, I stuck a couple coated fingers into her nether-hole."

Charlemagne shook her head and pulls her legs back further and tongues her sister's ass. I was now pumping into Annette's mouth.

I tried to see if her tongue works as well as mine did on her. She did well for a novice cock suck but it still took another twenty minutes and a finger of assistance using her own juices for lubricant for me to fill Annette's mouth. We stopped for a break and I drank some water it was just short of two hours of fucking around with her. I sat on the edge of the bed with Charlemagne having one leg over Annette who was still on her back.

I stood back up and extend my hand to Annette, and she took it and I helped her to her feet as Charlemagne slid off to the side. Annette could barely stand, and I walked her into the next room to sit her down.

I looked at Annette's while Charlemagne was still crashed out, "Now I have your approval for your sister?"

She looks at me, "Do you do that to her every time?"

I responded, "No, this was the third time. The first time was a calculated risk to get her to admit that she loved me, not just to me but to the entire camp. Most of the time we were on the trail and we would go two or three times max and cuddle up together because we had limited downtime to sleep. The second time was for the engagement; there were circumstances surrounding that I could show my journal entries that are four days apart..."

I showed her the entries, "After she sent me ahead and she arrived two days later. I had her read it so she knew how I felt. Then she was not ready, then she was as soon as she knew a child was coming and she already loved me. My father never married my mother. I know what it is like to be the bastard child. I would not want that for any child of mine.

Which is..." I reach down and pull the ring off, "Why we bought this when we got her wedding ring, so you would not get pregnant. She still wants to be with you and she wants to share me with you, not like this where you can barely walk and not enjoy yourself fully with me. But starting off with me in you and in her and letting you have fun with each other.

She wants you to come back with us to attend the wedding. She also wants you to stay and help her with the child while sharing her bed while I am away. The question is do you want to do that? How comfortable are you with me servicing you--with a cock?"

She thought for a few minutes, "First you have my approval for her. She has not talked with me about this yet."

I nodded, "She has been talking with me in private for the last six days straight. I told her if you are not comfortable with me, I would understand. If you want to play while I am on the road then I should be allowed the option to find companionship while I am on the road. She has to consider me spending time in another woman's arms while I am gone. Either way, this ring was an investment for you or for someone else if that is the decision. It all depends on what kind of arrangement you two come too."

Charlemagne came stumbling to the door frame and I went and got her. She looked at us, "What have you two been talking about?"

I look at her, "The stuff you have been talking to me about for the last six days. Oh, she approves of me for you. I thought you would have covered that conversation while I was working out. Before she answers that question, we're going to go back to the room. I am going to make slow passionate love to you to show her what it is like when it is not about how many times you can come. Nut the new record for you is set!"

Charlemagne slapped my leg "Stop with the records."

I slapped her ass, "I keep track of the number in my journal but I make no reference to what the numbers mean. No other entries, other than a couple of entries on how much I love you. If anyone read it would they associate eighteen with orgasms when orgasms are not mentioned? I will stop with the record when you stop forcing me to break them. This time it was all your idea."

She grunted and groaned as I got her back onto the bed.

I turned back to the family room, "Let me help you back to bed and we can make slow passionate love together and see where we stand."

I got them into the room and I do just that. I made slow passionate love to Charlemagne. I spooned in behind her and slide in doggy style so she and her sister could face, pet, kiss, and stroke each other until Charlemagne climaxed one more time with me right behind her. I waved Annette over to spoon up in front of her sister.
