 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. This is not FANFICTION. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 8 Retaliation and more Revelations

We woke up later that evening and got dressed in everything and went down to the bar to find a table for dinner. I asked Charlemagne, "Do you have any other siblings in the woodworks I need to know about? Any more twins in your family to be concerned about? Twins are extremely rare with full elves. You are the first pair of twins I have seen."

She looks at me, "No she is my only sibling. I didn't think to bring her up until we were on the way to see her. There are six sets of twins on my father side of the family last I heard..." she looks down at her stomach, "We need to find Doc!"

I went to find Doc's room and asked the two of them to straighten our room before I brought him over to see Charlemagne. At the desk, I requested three more bottles of elven wine, bread, cheese, and fruit to be sent up to our room as we had just barely made it over halfway throughout our evening meal when this latest 'go find Doc' crisis arose.

I knew we would get hungry again soon as we still had the night ahead of us. I found Doc was not in his room. I went searching for him. I came across Skinner and Cook as they talked with a couple of ladies. They were obviously part of the establishment's talent pool as they had their breasts hanging out of the top of some fancy underwear that left them exposed to the whole room.

I looked to them, "Do you know where Doc is?"

They point me to a back room. Cook looked up while still tweaking at the nipples of her two friends, "A rather pissy messenger came by earlier from the Ambassador's office. The messenger found an empty house where her sister used to live and Hunter went to see the Ambassador."

I headed for the backroom all the while I thought I could guess 'Eldar Silvertree' was ringing off the wall at the Ambassador's home today. I spotted Doc at a back table playing some kind of card game. I shouted over, "Come upstairs when you get a chance."

I turned around. I felt someone jab me the gut and heard the slicing of fabric as another shirt of mine became a victim of violence. My mind ran into combat mode but I was aware enough to know I was in a crowded bar. I had two assailants with daggers in hand one tried to stab me and the other gut me but all they did was ruin another shirt and expose the armor underneath.

I brought my right knee into the crotch of the slasher who had dropped his dagger in order to search his missing family jewels. I grabbed my boot dagger while my knee was up and shoved the slumping thug into his friend. The ruckus had caused enough room to open in the crowd. I pulled my sword as I did not know if these two had friends.

As both the thugs were on the ground and the crowd was watching to see what I was about to do to these two I yelled, "Skinner and Cook, get in here!"

They made their way to the door frame between rooms to see how I stood with weapons drawn.

I started barking orders, "You two grab Tranosa and check on Charlemagne! Get Eagle-eye in here with some rope and if you see the bouncers send them back to me!"

Meanwhile, I had the sword spinning over my head. Doc's game had come to a sudden halt as he is watched my back. Some human patron smirked, "What's he going to do with a glass sword?"

He started to laugh until he saw the purple and blue flames dance across the blade and red crystal turn to black ash. I fired back, "Any more stupid questions?"

The two thugs were fenced in by the crowd with me hovering over them.

Two bouncers showed up and I ask, "Get the city guard."

They started laughing. The big one piped up with a horrible accent, "Guess you hav nt erd. Tre of the sargs are in the stocks are for getin the entire garrison drunk. They hada to call guards in from otha garrisons to cova shifts so they be short manned. Told da owner to handa his own issues for da night."

Skinner yelled down, "Two more dead up here pinned to the wall by Charlemagne. Annette got stabbed, she is fine, but could use Doc."

Eagle-eye came pushing in with rope. I barked, "Eagle-eye, search and tied those two up. Doc, go check on Anette..."

I glanced at the bouncers, "Do I kill these two here or do you get the owner?"

Doc pushed his way out. One bouncer stayed at the door frame while Eagle-eye found nothing of value other than the two boot daggers and started binding their hands.

A stocky dwarf came in, "I be Jeeda, da owner, what's going on?"

I asked, "You got a place for these two would be assassins?"

Jedda, shook his head, "No we normally just get'em to da guard?"

I growled back, "If I took these two out to the street and left their rotting corpses out there, there would be no issues?"

He shrugged, "Long as you don't kill'em in here! Outside would be fine I guess, it's what the guards will do to'em anyway."

I shook my head, "Already two dead upstairs, just trying to figure out the best options for these two. Eagle-eye, is Hunter back?" She shook her head. "Tie up the other two upstairs by the ankles and drag them downstairs and outside. Ask Charlemagne what she wants to be done with these two. Send word back."

Hunter walked in, "Charlemagne is looking for you. I passed Eagle-eyes on the stairs I will watch over them until you get back."

I flipped my sword around and sheath it leaving the dagger in my hand as I left the gambling room and headed up the stairs as Eagle-eye drug two dead women from the room. I looked at the two of them, "How are the injuries?"

Doc responds, "Minor she got stuck in the hand and I fixed that right up."

He went back to his room for a minute. Charlemagne growled, "I don't know what to do with the other two. Hunter just came back from the Ambassadors office and he was in a foul mood because the city was blaming him for his guards being drunk. He told Hunter we are becoming too visible in town and it would be best if we left town first thing."

I looked at her, "We coming back any time soon?"

She shook her head, "No our team is burned here now. They will change our route after this and then assign another team to come this way."

I sighed, "Is it OK if we leave the Underhill Gang a final going away message?"

She smiled, "Got something in mind?"

I nodded and headed for the stairs. "Come look if you want to see."

I walked over to the owner, "Jeda, would you like to send a message to the would-be assassins not to come into your place?"

He shrugged, "It is bad for business when it happens, you going to kill those two?"

I shook my head, "They are just going to wish I had, the sign attached to your building able to support the weight. If I strung two of them up from your sign?"

He nodded, "What do you have in mind?"

I look at the two thugs, "You two morons, who would be the senior shit between you two?"

The smaller guy points to the bigger one, "You want to be tied to a corpse that is going to start farting and shitting itself anytime now or too each other?"

He looked up, "Too each other of course."

I nodded, "Now heads or tails?"

As I flip out a coin. He did not hesitate, "Heads!"

I showed him the coin, "Look your luck is improving already!"

I looked to Jeda, "You have an office?"

He signals me to follow him. I told him, "If anyone asks to cut his buddies down before noon tomorrow, they owe the five aces five-hundred gold pieces for damages, else they won't be released until midnight tomorrow. If the guards ask tell them you are dispensing justice with a message as they were shorthanded.

I need a wooden mallet, two of those large six-inch candles, twine, two empty buckets, and two wooden barrel tops. I drop ten platinum pieces on his desk. "All goes well this will bring in more business! This is for the supplies, the time, and the inconvenience this has caused you this evening."

Jeda grabbed the coins, "I'll have one of the bounces bring you those things because you got my curiosity going!"

I walked out, "Hunter, can you drag those two bodies across the street and tie them to the post. Eagle-eye and Cook bring these two out front." The supplies arrived. "If you want to see the floor show Jeda you can come to watch but it will not be pretty! Hunter and Eagle-eye you are great with ropes.

Tranosa, you grab the mallet this is going to require a Strong-arm. Skinner, take the daggers and put a hole in the side of the sheath of each one...not too wide we want it to go on snug and tight. Now to our two would be 'ASS ASS INS' do you need a chamber pot; last chance and you will have an audience?"

They shook their heads. "You have seen them, they said no. Now, Cook, you are handy at making bandages when needed, cut off the bottom half of each shirt. Now make that into a gag and stick it in the mouth securing it with their belts. Skinner, take the one rope from Eagle-eye there.

Eagle-eye and Cook, it has come to my attention that these two 'ASS ASS INS' are notorious rapists! Drop their pants please and take their daggers; they won the coin toss. They can keep their manhood. Shove the handle of the daggers into their nether-holes."

That got a laugh from the crowd. I stared at the two while talking at the group, "Use the sheath to keep from getting cut but make sure you can slide the sheath off. Now take the sheath and that little hole in the side run it down until it is flush with their asses.

Now pull their pants back up and set the point of the dagger to just start to pass through their pants and tie them back on. Eagle-eye, and Cook please center the bottom of those six-inch candles over the tip of the dagger."

I paused for effect, "Hold the candles steady, Tranosa smack those candles down until they are flush on the pants alternating candles. We want them to share the pain after all for their actions."

While the hammering went on I grabbed the two barrel lids and inscribe 'ASS ASS INS' into each lid.

"Candles in place, stand them up...awww look one of them did need a chamber pot. Too late now."

More laughter from the crowd. I sighed while shaking my head, "Stand them in the buckets facing each other. Run the rope from the hands down to the bucket handle and up the front. Tying the calves, thighs, chest, and shoulders. Cook while they are finishing tying these two together would you run some twine to complete those two signs. Eagle-eye and Cook hang the signs on the base of the candles."

I waited a minute while the ropes were being finished and the signs were hung. "Throw the ropes over the business sign and pull the lovebirds up. Tie the ends off around the calf ropes. Now for two last things, illuminating of the signs by the ceremonial lighting of the candles!"

I used the flame from my sword and lit the candles. I sheathed the sword. A few more laughed. I turned to Jeda, "May I present this wooden mallet to the owner, in case another 'ASS ASS IN' tries to repeat tonight's activities in his place of business."

I turned to the crowd, "They will be released at noon tomorrow if someone comes forward with five hundred gold pieces to the owner to pay for damages caused by tonight's attack. Else the ceremony to release the idiots will occur twelve hours after that. Regardless of which, they will be responsible for cleaning any mess they make out here!"

I leaned into the two thugs and whispered, "Tell your boss, that is the end of it. I will have real assassin's deal with him and your whole gang and stage the bodies on the hill outside the town where the other six died to spell 'assassins' in a flaming effigy to your groups fall! If the attacks continue. You get to live to deliver a message!"

They both nodded at me. I walked away from the two and enter the bar to a round of laughter and applause at the ingenuity of the punishment. I went up to our room and told the ladies, "Look out the window!"

Charlemagne chuckled, "That is what you have been doing with the guys?"

I nodded and sighed, "The two dead ones are across the street I made sure they hung in a place you could see them. They will be released at midnight tomorrow; unless someone pays him five hundred gold pieces to take them down at noon...the owner was curious by my list of materials. Now he is down at the bar listening to people talk about his new display complete with lighting!"

Annette looks at me and I look at her, "I sent a message they will not likely forget. A promise to eradicate the group from top to bottom and burn their bodies where the other six died if they try to retaliate again. I will protect those I care about."

She nodded, "I can see that."

I turned to Hunter, "Hate to ask this while we are in town can we get one lookout for the hall every few hours until we leave?"

He nodded. I looked at Doc, "Charlemagne has more questions for you concerning the child, her father's side of the family has a lot of twins. Any way to tell?"

Doc nodded, "Another divination but of a higher power. We might even learn more than we bargained for but it should answer the question."

Charlemagne growled, "Just do the spell!"

Doc smiled and started casting. A disembodied voice spoke, "Both will have different paths one toward me and one in her father's footsteps, both have a purpose and will be born under the twin crescent moons and the full moon of the Dorian Dawn; look for the signs and you will know the path to their destinies."

Images floated above her stomach with a sword and an open hand in a pink circle. The other with the full moon of Dawning Dorian over the head and pressed hands in front of a priests robes in a pink circle.

I looked at Charlemagne, Annette, and then at Doc who was out cold. Then back to Charlemagne before I moved, "Let me get Doc awake."

Doc came too, "What happened?"

I looked at him, "You did not hear that? You did not see that?"

Doc groaned, "No that does not normally happen, what happened?"

We sat back for a second, "I think you just channeled The Lady of the Dreams if I had to guess."

Doc turned white, "What did she say? What did you see?"

I looked at Charlemagne and gave my best cryptic answer, "Things just got worse and things just got better. Two pink oval fields one with sword and hand and one with a full moon over priest robes."

Doc, gulped, "Did she say anything?"

I nodded, "Yes, two paths, two purposes, and two destinies. The part that was confusing was being born under the Double Crescent and under the Full moon of the Dawning Dorian. We know they are never in the sky together."

Doc starts looking like he knew something and wanted to bolt for the door, "Spill it Doc!"

He sat back down, "I have to talk with some church elders."

I looked at him, "Start by talking to us?"

He says, "All I could do is guess, I need to get answers first."

I looked at him, "No talking to anyone including the church unless we are present for the complete discussion. Promise me in the name of our Goddess."

He pauses and he nodded, "I swear."

I glared, "I mean it, we will go see them together once we are back in the capital. I will want it worded as a general astrological question first. To see if they will give us a straight answer."

I went to give Charlemagne a glass of wine she looked at me, "Forget the glass give me the bottle."

I look at Doc, "Can you get another two bottles sent up?"

I smiled at her, "Well I think we asked enough questions for one night! I think we should thank Corellon Larethian and Sehanine Moonbow in equal measures."

She spat wine and screamed, "WHAT! After all of that?"

I told her calmly, "Yes after all of that Corellon is the God of Magic and Warfare and his wife is Sehanine is the Goddess of Moon elves and the Lady of Dreams. If on this night she blesses us with the knowledge that our children will have great destinies, why not? Besides you are already pregnant! I just realized you started with Corellon and ended with Sehanine that night in the wagon." I paused. "Have I told you how much I love you!"

Annette could not help but laugh at us.