 Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree, from his graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy, and his desires to leave it behind. Only to return full circle, to shook Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without prior authorizations in writing from the author, and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Author's Note: I have an anonymous editor who helped with this chapter. I hope everyone finds this more enjoyable to read.

Chapter 10: Divine Torture

We had a relatively quick journey to the village of Cotton Web. We got in early enough to get four rooms. Hunter took one by himself, and Charlemagne, Annette and I managed to get a room that was away from the rest of the group, and we grabbed three evening meal specials, roasted boar. Which contrary to popular trend the meal included what meat was actually in the special.

In addition, we grabbed five bottles of Elven wine, a few glasses, bread, cheese, and fruit for later and took it all to the room. First thing was first. We used the wash basin before stripping down and washing each other, cleaning off all the dust from the road. I used spell cantrips to clean our clothes and armor. We were getting a late start the next morning, as we needed to hit the general store to get Annette some leather armor.

Once we were all cleaned up, I had to ask the question, "How are your clits doing?"

They both laughed at me and Charlemagne said, "Still out of bounds, but we have a surprise for you after we eat."

We tore through our dinner with fervor and finished two bottles of wine between the three of us.

Annette looked over at me, "Lay on the bed."

As soon as I did, they slid a blindfold over my eyes. Then tied my hands and feet to the posts with some leather straps.

Annette giggled, "I kept the straps for when Charlemagne came to play. Now, for when you come to play."

Charlemagne then stated, "We will each take turns doing something to your body and you have to guess who it was. Every time you get it wrong, we play without you for ten minutes; but just so you can enjoy it too, Annette is going to link you into her senses only.

You get three correct answers, and I will fuck your brains out while you cannot do anything. We will then repeat this game. When you get five more right, Annette will slide on top of you and ride you while having us connected mentally, through all of the touching we are doing."

I smirked, "Sounds like a win-win to me! Let's play!"

They each took ahold of the toes on my feet, which they had never done. It was a crap shoot, and I had to guess which sister was on which foot. They were both so different; the one on my right foot was sucking and licking between the toes, while the one on my left foot was more about licking and small bites, which neither of them ever did. I call out, "Left foot Charlemagne, and right foot Annette."

Charlemagne gasped, "That's one for you, how did you know?!"

I smiled and said, "I will tell you because Annette could get it out of me, you have been bolder than her. Adding biting to a different body part was just like you."

She laughed, "We will have to mix it up a bit, then."

This time they went over to my right hand and took turns licking and sucking on my fingers. I called out, "Annette went first and Charlemagne second."

Charlemagne growled at me, "That makes two for you. How did you know?"

I smiled, "While Annette had my cock in her mouth less, I would know Charlemagne's talented tongue anywhere."

They walked down to the end of the bed for a minute. Annette commented, "We're going to test your tongue out, now. Each one of us will lower our asses to your face. You will lick us for one minute each, and tell us who was first and who was second."

The first ass was lowered to me, and I got the briefest taste of cunt juices which tasted of cinnamon. I was going around her nether-hole when I came across a small mole on the left side. They fussed around the side of the bed before the second one came in. I started in the center and felt that mole, then the briefest taste of cinnamon again. She got off and Charlemagne asked, "OK, who was first, and who was second?"

I smiled, "Annette's ass both times!"

Charlemagne was exasperated! "OK, I know that mask works, so how did you guess?"

I told her, "I knew it was the same ass because both times, I came across the smallest of moles not far away on the left side. She's dripping wet, and her juices taste like cinnamon to me, while yours taste like honey! May I ask for a boon as I went a straight three-for-three on that one? Remember, you also cheated on that last one, because it was supposed to be each of you."

Charlemagne sighed, "What do you want?"

I smiled, "I want Annette to link with me and feel all of my sensations, but I will only feel you. She cannot touch herself during this exercise. A new test of her powers, isn't it, suppressing her own play while feeling what it's like for you to fuck me?"

Charlemagne giggled, "I like that one. Keep Annette in the game, but she gets to feel it from the guy's side."

I smiled back at Charlemagne, "You said you would fuck my brains out, yes?"

She replied in a sultry voice, "Yes, I did!"

I smirked at her, "Since I haven't shot off yet, the only way you can truly achieve that's to hold the base, like the first time. Ride me through two of your orgasms instead of one. If you need to switch holes, that's fine, I know you like it both ways. Remember, your sister is going to be feeling it too but from my perspective."

Charlemagne said, with a slightly vindictive tone, "Always a stickler for the rules I see. Alright, I can do that."

She got up and before she slid down, she said to her sister, "Are you linked to him?"

She replied, "Yes I am. Start when you're ready, as this will be a different experience for me."

Charlemagne grabbed the base of my cock and lowered herself onto me, and her sister started talking to me mentally.

Annette, "Wow, does she always feel that tight and silky to you?"

Eldar, "No, only if she's warmed up and it's the first go-around. If she isn't warmed up, it's coarser; we only did it once that way. She got warmed up, but starting wasn't as pleasant as this."

Charlemagne had my cock fully buried in her cunt and was going for her first orgasm at lightning speed. She hammered up and down and went from side to side, and my balls ached for release. My cock enjoyed the friction as she's soft, firm, tight, and really knew how to work those muscles.

Annette, "The ache and sensation! I had no idea as to how it felt from your side to have to hold back."

Eldar, "Males are made to procreate, and that means getting the seed into the womb. Our automatic responses are next to impossible to control without her doing something like what she's doing."

She squeezed my cock a little tighter. It felt like the blood flow was being cut off as well. I was still rock hard as she ground the back of her clit against me, and exploded. Her honey poured out and down my belly. She twisted her other hand around and squeezed my shaft a little lower while she leaned over my knees. She rotated around to face away from me and had me back into her dripping cunt.

This time, my cock moved up the other side of her cunt. Away from her clit, because of how she leaned. It ran against the membrane that separated her cunt from her nether-hole. She went for deeper penetration. My cock danced across her wall and brushing up against her cervix, as her rhythm became erratic, and she had a hard time balancing.

Eldar, "She needs some support, you should help her."

Annette, "What should I do?"

Eldar, "Slide your dripping cunt onto my left hand until it's all the way in. Then, lean over and use your hands to help support her ass. It isn't against the rules."

Annette, "Oh Gods, that would be a nasty treat!"

I heard her get up, and Charlemagne asked, "Something wrong?"

Annette decided to tell on me, "He said you needed some support! He suggested that I rest my cunt on his left hand and use my hands to help support your ass."

Charlemagne's smirk was obvious in her voice, "Looks like I need to teach you both a little self-control. Slide your cunt onto his right hand, and untie that hand so you can reach up and under me. Then, grip his cock and squeeze it all the way at the base with your palm under my hand.

You can feel him holding back. You know he will feel it when you squeeze it harder than I have. That will free up my hand, and you will get a birds-eye view of my cunt going up and down his cock until I slide it in my nether-hole."

She paused. "Annette, you will then pull the juices from my cunt and coat his cock. You will sense when it needs more, and I will let you know if it's enough. Then, to make it fun, you cannot cum until I tell you to release him."

I smiled, "That's truly wicked! This is what you get, Annette, for telling on me!"

She untied my right hand and straddled my body at an angle, so my hand lined up, and only then did Charlemagne lower the boom. "Hold still until I'm fully lubed, and then start pounding my ass against Annette's hand. I don't want you to move your hand in her cunt until that time. You keep your hand still inside her. Annette, you can't rock on nor squeeze his hand, either!"

Annette groaned and moaned as she slid my hand up inside her. I balled my fingers together, waiting for the signal to start using my fist in earnest. I felt her slide her hand across my pelvic bone, and she squeezed the lowest part at the base of my cock.

She had it in a death grip. Charlemagne released her hand and started slamming down on Annette's a dozen times, then pulled herself off and started me sliding into her nether-hole. Every few seconds she would call out for more juice. Not too long before her ass was as well-lubricated as her cunt was.

She ordered me, "As soon as you feel me slam down on her hand, start giving it to her cunt!"

She didn't even wait for a response and started riding me like her hair was on fire. She squeezed the hell out of cock, my balls felt swollen, and I started trying to match pace with her as I pushed into Annette and twisted, while pumping her cunt with my fist. I felt Annette's cunt clamp and she fought to hold back. She felt me holding back too, and Charlemagne grunted and breathed harder.

The two of us were moaning, trying to hold back. Charlemagne screamed, "RELEASE!"

She climaxed as my balls started pumping stream after stream into her. My right hand was completely frozen in place as Annette's cunt muscles tried to crush it, and she squirted all over. For the first time, I was thankful for the blindfold. As it kept it out of my eyes.

Everyone collapsed, my hand loosened up, and I could straighten out my fingers to extract it out of her cunt. I lifted the blindfold, and Charlemagne laid there, staring at me with a big-ass smile on her face. She leaned over and started undoing my other hand. She looked at me, "That was intense!"

I laughed at her, "You felt it once. I felt it with my hand as it was being crushed, and when my balls finally exploded. I think you made it as sore as your clits. Your thoughts, Annette?"

Charlemagne laughed, "She's passed out again, and this time, it was only one orgasm!"

I shook my head, "In her mind, it was my cock having three or four at once along with her one. Check to make sure she's OK, we need to have a mental meeting to discuss how it felt for everyone."

It took Annette a few minutes to come around, and she moaned, "I hurt so bad, I cannot move."

I told Charlemagne, "Unhook my legs. We can give her more bed space." I was right in the middle of the largest wet spot I had ever seen! My entire ass to lower thighs was in the puddle, and Annette's face was right on it. I pulled her up to me as she groaned, placing her head on my chest, which was wet from her spray. She lay on the right side of me and Charlemagne came up the left, after helping to get Annette's legs onto the bed.

I asked Annette, "Are you up for a three-way mental conversation?"

She laughed then said, "If we leave the shared sensations out of it, I think so."

Annette, "Everyone here?"

Eldar, "Oh yes."

Charlemagne, "Yes, what did you want to talk about?"

Eldar, "I think Annette should go first, as she had to hold pressure twice. Once on me, and once on herself."

Annette, "Where do I begin? I now know what a man means by blue balls, what it feels like to have your hand crushed by cunt muscles, and having to hold myself back while keeping you squeezed off was torturous! At the same time, I learned a lot about what a man feels when he isn't allowed to cum."

She paused for a few seconds and closed her eyes. "Time for a story; THE story from my past."

Charlemagne, "Are you sure?"

Annette, "Yes. There was a man, a human, who was working on building an inn at the crossroads. He had already had run-ins with the Elders about which trees he could use to build the place. I was out in the woods when I came across a downed tree, and I got rushed from behind and had the air knocked out of me. He pulled down my pants and shoved a short five-inch cock into me, but it was five inches wide too, and he stretched me so badly.

He left me for dead from all the blood, but my father found me and saw his tracks, as well as his seed on the ground. My father got me back home, and the village healers worked on me for hours. While that was going on, a party of warriors went for the man. They took him further out toward the edge of the human and Elven lands.

 

They pulled two trees tightly together and tied him to the trees. Only the ropes kept them from snapping back. They cut off the man's genitals, still covered in my blood, then healed him to keep him from bleeding out. They took his belt, shoved his genitals into his own mouth, and tied his mouth shut with it. 

 

They built a small campfire over the one line holding everything in place. Then set it on a slow burn, so the man got to watch the rope holding him in place burn. The line finally burned enough to snap, sending the two trees back to their full height and ripping the man into two halves, each hanging from a different tree. 

 

They left a sign that read 'RAPIST' staked to the ground, and left him to rot in the trees. I know of all this because it was the first time, I read my father's mind. He was the one who used the knife on the man's genitals and started the fire. I felt his anger toward the man. The man I was supposed to marry left the day after the attack without a word and never returned. 

 

Between the images, the rape, and being abandoned by the two men who should care the most about me, I NEVER held any further interest in men. You, however, didn't kill those two assassins. You made an example out of them. You made me cum more times in two days in town than I had in a years' worth of visits from my sister. She was the only other one I shared my bed with, until you.

 

You were right, you're the first man who ever fisted me to climax. The first time I had a vaginal climax on a cock. The first to fill my ass with seed while I came. The first who took precautions to keep me from getting pregnant. You shared me with my sister and made me feel passion and love. Damn it, you were my first, and now you will be the only, just like my sister."

I pulled her tight to me. Then I pulled Charlemagne in tighter and held them both.

Charlemagne, "You only told me parts of the story. I didn't know."

Annette, "It has been bottled up for thirty-two years, and I'm headed back to that hometown with nothing to show for it."

Eldar, "That's NOT true. You're going to reclaim yourself fully. You're one of our partners in this business, in life, and you have given me even more ideas."

Charlemagne, "What kind of ideas?"

Eldar, "That road was a trade route over a century ago and closed down because of the war. The idea of an inn at the crossroads is a way to a future, but we can talk about that later, face-to-face. Annette, turn your empathy on because I really need to know how each of you is feeling."

Annette, "OK, I will do it. Just, no touching, at least, not yet. My senses are still on fire."

Annette was hurt, raw, shattered, longing, angry, scared, petrified; the list went on. She really was all over the place in her mind right then, and some of it was scary and alarming.

Charlemagne was sad, angry, concerned, and curious.

I sighed, "Shut it off, all of it, and let us talk some. We should focus on one thing at a time because Annette's mind is all over the place at the moment, and we should focus on working through some of her emotions. I sense I couldn't get them all, but I got some of the strongest ones before I asked you to turn it off. Let us get more food and wine. I think Charlemagne should get it for us as now, I'm too sore to move."

Charlemagne laughed at me, "Alright, good idea. Let me bring over the bread, cheese, and fruit, and some more wine, and we can use Eldar as our table on the bed."

Annette laughed at her sister, "Well, he is in the middle, so it seems only fair."

I groaned, "I know there is no arguing with you, but as my stomach, hand, and balls all hurt, would you place the cutting board on my thighs? I have a feeling we're probably done for the night with both mental and physical pain. Agreed?"

Charlemagne groaned, "What if I want to play?"

I looked at her, "Well, you could get cleaned up. I know that the chamber pot is calling you after I filled your bowels. Then, you could come over here and sit on my face, and I could attack that little clit of yours if you'd like?"

She glared at me, "Fine, you're right about the chamber pot. I didn't think about how we could play. My clit isn't ready yet for another attack. We can eat, talk, cuddle, sleep, then cuddle, talk, and eat in the morning before hitting the general store. Thanks for cleaning all the clothes and armor, by the way, it really saves us time."

I ate and drank, then turned to Charlemagne, "What were you angry about? I sensed Annette's anger, and I want to know if they are for the same thing."

Charlemagne sighed, "I knew about the attack. I was mad at myself for not being there to protect her. I was helping my future husband at the time with his home. He was still having some issues keeping the place up after his wife died. I think that was part of the reason she hated him. I also knew the man was dead, but I didn't know my father's first-hand involvement. Also, the fact that he left her in the hands of healers without me there. The fact that he left to take revenge just infuriates me!"

Annette continued, "I was mad about what happened, the loss of my future husband, and my father who was lying. I guess that anger extended to all men, especially the one who my sister married shortly thereafter. He was alright, I guess. He treated her well, but he could never look me in the eye, none of them could. I left the village."

I looked at her, "You want to address the issues with your father when you get back?"

She nodded, "I cannot run anymore, and he needs to understand he was part of the reason I left. I wanted my father, but he was more concerned about killing the man, instead of being there for me."
