 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

Chapter 3 Riding into the enemy

I woke up on the morning of the 29th and finished my journal entry for the trip so far.

While curled up with Charlemagne on my side I had her look over what I have written. I held Charlemagne, "Just curious, everyone on your team had a nickname but me, what do you call me?"

She smiles and reaches down and squeezes my member, "Don't you know your my 'Blade Dancer.'" As she ran her hands over me lightly.

I sat up, "Well until you come up with something more in line with the others, I'll go back to calling you, Charlemagne. Besides I am a Blade Singer, not Dancer." She looked at me wanting to know why and I answered her unasked question. "Because nobody else is calling you by that name. I am going to claim it for now."

She fired back, "Because when your blade does the dancing, I am doing the singing. I am not talking about your sheathed sword."

I get dressed and Charlemagne dropped the fireball on me, "We lose our guards today there is a mercenary company called the 'Iron Bar' a dozen strong that will be taking over for the next leg of the trip."

I look at her, "What do you know about them?"

She glances back, "I just told you."

We got a dozen unknown mercenaries that are going to be watching our backs. I suddenly felt a whole lot less safe than I did a few minutes before in her arms.

I looked over at her, "I will keep my sword sheathed unless it is needed; best to let them think I prefer the bow as they will not know me."

I pulled my journal and stuck it into her trunk, while she just nodded. I stepped out and spread the word to the others, "Let them think I am Hunter's apprentice and nobody of importance."

I caution, "Just remember, I am Eldar and new and I do not even have a nickname. I want to keep the mercenaries in the dark until we know more about them." Everyone nodded. "I know it sounds odd but as nobody here really knows this 'Iron Bar' group. I figured it is safer to have one under anticipated opponent in the group. They may have already heard about you from your travels."

Mid-day approached and I snacked on some bear jerky when our guards came to a halt. He told us, "Your escorts are just down the hill lined up and waiting for you."

I focused on the group and there were four on each side of the road. They had four out in front who waited for us. I turned to keep an eye out for any small game along the way as we slowly approach; our guards watched until Charlemagne gave them an all-clear before departing.

Charlemagne pulled the wagon to a stop and called out, "Falcons fly far."

A shout returned from the other side, "Feathers still fall in flight."

Apparently satisfied she moved us forward to meet the group but stops again before we are surrounded on three sides, waiting.

The four riders blocking the road came forward. One burly human looked at her, "We be the Iron Bar. We are here to protect you until your next city, you will be taking your directions from me Flanning Horsetrader."

Charlemagne looked back at him, "You have that backward. You will be taking your directions from me, this is my cargo and my run. Call me Charlie!"

Flanning glared and did not like Charlemagne's attitude. She, of course, was not putting up with any of his 'Horsetrader' shit. She continued, "We stop where I say. We will make camp I know this road and area well. The women are not here to provide sexual services they are here to do the work I hired them to do.

Four of your men leading, four in the back and two on each side; we will get through introductions when we stop for camp. You see one of my people with a bow at the ready give space as they hunt while we move. You see one tying off a rope to the wagon to go after a kill pull your men from that side of the wagon.

If lines are going from both sides then put six in front and six in the back and watch the ropes, we are not responsible for your horses at all. You are in luck we got enough bear meat to last a few days. Most of that has been smoked We will keep an eye open for fresh game.

We will provide food for morning and evening meals only if the hunting is good; else you are on trail rations all day. Mid-day meal will be in the saddle from your own reserves. Any questions?"

A few snickers then Flanning pipes in, "These are my men and they follow my direction."

Charlemagne shot back, "Good because you work for me on this trip, I will hold you responsible for them in following my rules. You can decide on who will ride where and which of your people will join mine on night watch. We will have two on each of three watches in the night...divide and plan accordingly!"

She pushes her team forward and Flanning and his men got out of the way of the moving wagon while Flanning grumbles, "Who in the nine hells are you?"

She did not even look back at him but fired off to him, "I said to call me Charlie! I am one of your bosses as I own part of this shipment along with some partners who contacted you. Get moving we are burning daylight."

Flanning started assigning his men and took positions behind us with some of the larger three of the group. Things were quiet until Charlemagne called for us to stop a couple of hours before nightfall; of course, Flanning did not like that at all. He shouted out, "We have a couple more hours of riding to do before we have to stop."

She glares at him and then yelled, "Make camp." She walks over to Flanning and stared right at him. "Smart ass, where is the next campsite that we can pull three wagons with teams and your twelve horses off the road at?"

Then storms off leaving him to simmer. Dinner was quite the only thing cooking was some stew with dried meat and some vegetables. I listen to Flanning's roll call, of 'Snake, Weasel, Dragon, Possum and Roadkill' to name but a few which were just as bad and forgettable until he got to the last four and told us, "Just call those guys stiffs as they are new and likely to be killed before we get there."

Such a vote of confidence in his men. Charlemagne went around through her crew and then got to me and calls out, "Eldar".

Flanning snorted," What the heck is an Eldar, some elven word for stiff?"

I look at him, "No first trip with them. Charlie has not given me a nickname yet. Hunter was throwing around the idea of Grizzly bait, but Charlie shot that down."

Flanning laughed, "You got chewed up by the Grizzly?"

I look at him and said, "Yes. Doc patched me up afterward I just happened to be on guard that night. Between the guards we had and the bows flying for this group, it was a pin cushion. I was fairly safe as I was underneath it at that point."

Flanning smirked, "I'll just call you Stiff cause you are one step closer to it that those other four."

I just shrugged him off. I headed to the back of Charlemagne's wagon she looked at me, "Bed down next to Hunter. I will get you for mid-shift."

I gave her a nod and grabbed my gear. Giving a few exaggerated moans for the new arrivals to chuckle over, before laying out my bedroll.

I took note of who got the first night rotation and where they went as we grabbed some sleep. I saw who was standing guard with us during our shift. I whisper to Charlemagne, "You know I'm not liking this."

I saw Flanning was on guard at the top of the road with one of his buddies. I could see him just off to my left. About halfway through the shift, he went about a hundred yards up the hill for about fifteen minutes. He then walked back and tucked something into his belt.

As their four men guarded both ends of the road Charlemagne and I talked softly, "Something is going on with their leader he spent quite a bit time up that road."

She patted my arm, "We will need to keep an eye on him then."

Next day it was a repeat of the first except Weasel nearly got an extra hole in his head as Eagle-eye launched an arrow straight in front of his nose as she took out a quail at forty yards. His horse rears and he ended up on his ass cussing up a storm as one of the others went after his horse. Flanning came forward to chew her out.

Charlemagne cut his complaint off as she shouted, "They were warned to keep out of the line of fire unless they prefer not to have any warm meals! We can leave you guys to forage for yourselves if you prefer!"

Flanning pulled his guys to a six in front and six in back formation once the horses are gathered up. Hunter and I lucked out on bringing down a wild boar. At least two good meals worth of meat. We tied off the line and the third wagon went off track and Flanning starts yelling from way in the back. He hit the rope line just after we finish tying it to the boar, causing one heck of a rope burn on his horse and he was pissed! Charlemagne flared up, "Get back to your post if you cannot follow directions!"

Flanning came to a stop and looked over his horses wound. He glared at Hunter and I as the hog started sliding toward the road. Skinner jumped down and Hunter looks at me, "Head back over to Charlie."

As he did not want to tip our hand just yet either. I told Charlemagne what we saw, "Something is not right. How about you face toward those guys tonight while I am in your shadow. I will sneak around and get about a hundred yards ahead of the front of the wagons to find out what Flanning is up to?"

She nodded, "Not a bad idea and I will flip our first and third watch at the last minute. Go now and inform the guys quietly."

I jumped back down and went back to help with the hog. I looked at Tranosa, "Thought you could use a hand getting the hog into the second wagon. Charlemagne is flipping first and third watch tonight. Something is up, be ready when she calls it out after dinner like it's normal."

Dinner came and went. Except for the bitching from Flanning nothing changed. Charlemagne went and talked with her guys. I made for her wagon with Doc on the pretense of having them check over my ribs before I hit the sack.

Charlemagne came in, "Flanning switched up his roster as well. He has one of the 'Stiffs' standing watch with him for a change."

I looked at Doc, "If I raise an alarm Charlie will rouse you and I will keep Flanning busy and on his toes. I have a few tricks he has not even seen yet."

Charlemagne nodded. I headed to my bed and whispered to Hunter, "Do you keep your bow nocked and beside you?"

He shook his head, "I give it a break and unstring it at night why?"

I told him, "I will leave mine nocked and ready for right-handed shots. Just laying in my bedroll when I go on duty with one of your arrows. We have trouble tonight I will not need it. It might tip them off if you change your routine. Mine is just a beginner's mistake if it spotted."

He nodded. The first shift went off quietly.

I left Charlemagne shortly thereafter pinching her ass before I went. I saw her grinning as I headed off into the woods. I kept some distance from the road and moved slowly. I paused shortly across from Flanning and 'Stiff' as they were talking. Flanning grumbled, "Be ready if you see me draw my sword and come back from my communication. Head to the five sleeping at the front of the horses and wake them.

The guys in the back will start slitting throats and move forward."

I continued to inch forward waiting in the distant for him to come away from the group to see what he did. Just like the last two nights he kneeled down. I was twenty feet away from him in some tall grass.

I heard Flanning, "Lord Barimus, any word on the other caravans?"

The crystal came to life and a voice responds, "Other two caravans destroyed the objects were not there, your caravan has them or they have been sent by other means. How many men you got?"

He replies back, "Just nine, brought three more for corpses. Stiff can raise them and control them as we need them."

The eerie voice responded, "If it is enough, kill them all. Search the wagons and do not fail me!"

The crystal went silent. I waited for him to turn, he drew his weapon and he walked away. The stiff Necromancer turned and began to walk.

I saw Charlemagne get to Hunter. I drew my sword and yelled out, "Stiff approaching is a necromancer!"

As my sword flared behind Flanning, who turns back toward me.

The whole camp was in chaos at this point. I was focused on one man. Flanning turned, "YOU, the wounded duckling who can barely handle a bow?"

As he closes the distance, I launch a spell and he faced off against four of me instead of one. This caused him to pause before he lunged sloppily. I back stepped away from his attack and went into full blade song and started swinging.

I hit him three times to every hit he landed on me. After the first minute, it was just one on one again me as I renew my images and am back to three against one. He bled badly; I had a few bruises. I stumbled back in a feign and purposeful switch my sword into my right hand. He lunges forward and I jumped into a flip.

I brought my sword down against the back of his neck leaving him sprawled out on the ground as I sprinted towards camp. I only had a few low-level spells left at this point. "Mortana" and missiles went flying into Snakes back. I saw that Stiff was on the ground already as he became a big target once I called out necromancer. Cook puts the finishing strike on Snake and of the twelve 'enemies' on the field nine were standing.

I yell out, "If you were a stiff, they were going to kill you! Protect yourselves but stay out of our way."

Now the field has narrowed to seven. I couldn't see too much of the battle on the other side of the camp. I got closer but I selected a new target, "Mortana" and missiles went flying into his back and Skinner came up with a lethal strike and another fell. I saw two arrows fly across the camp and another was injured.

I glance over to Charlemagne as she dropped her opponent. I could not tell who it was but the field had narrowed. It looked like we are nine against five, as our two observing combatants were still an unknown at this point. I slid between two of the bound horse and flip over back of Flanning mount. At this point, Weasel and two of the forgettable ones were still standing.

Oh yes, Sir 'Slice' and Sir 'Dice'. Those who started at the rear were now in the thick of battle and surrounded. Doc got one held and it was 'Slice' that fell to Charlemagne's rapiers. I moved my sword back to my left hand and went to disarm Sir Dice and while I was really going to knock the weapon out of his hand, I ended up severing his hand from the arm, same results. He started screaming. Weasel threw down his weapons and surrendered.

I moved over to Charlemagne, "The two Stiff's were brought along as expendable future zombies for that necromancer."

They turned white and Charlemagne told them, "Sheath those things before you hurt yourselves."

Doc was headed to Strong-arm who was hurt on the ground. Charlemagne took charge, "Eldar grab a horse and pull that scumbags corpse over and don't leave anything behind but don't touch it either."

Hunter and Eagle-eye started lining up the close ones. Skinner searched our two guests and then had them help to tie up our prisoners. Tranosa grabbed a couple of blankets and tossed anything of interest onto them. Fireball started to look over what was mundane and what was magical and separated them. Charlemagne snapped, "When Eldar gets back I will have him help you."

I rode Flannings horse out to his corpse.

I got to the corpse and already determine his armor and sword were magical and I carefully work his sword onto his back using my sword. And tied his feet with the rope and start pulling it back to camp and notice I have left the guy's head behind. I went back and check that there was nothing magical then pulled out my dagger and carve into his forehead and left his head in the middle of the road.

I got back on the horse and went back to camp. Charlemagne looked back and said, "Where is his head?"

I looked into her eyes, "It came off from my last blow. I carved a little message on it and set it in the middle of the road until we are ready to burn the bodies. The message was 'thief' by the way. Might get any bandits coming from that direction pause before trying to take us on until we are ready. You know we will lose a day, right?"

Charlemagne shook her head "OK, kid what did you hear?"

I pulled her off to the side and dismount. I sigh, "He was using some kind of communication crystal with a Lord Barimus. Said they destroyed two other caravans and what they were looking for was not there. They thought we had the items and they intended to slaughter us in our sleep."

She looks concerned, "We can talk about this later but you are definitely on the payroll."

She gave me a wink and headed back into the fray. Charlemagne shouted out, "OK any magical items from the 'Stiffs' for gods' sake give us some names you two."

Oliver and Wendall introduce themselves. "What are you carrying that is magical and what does it do?"

Oliver was the only one with any magical gear and it was really minor stuff.

She gave him his two items back. "I will give you the same speech I gave Eldar when he jumped onto my wagon. No pay! Travel and food to our destination. I know these guys probably promised you a small fortune for this trip. Hate to break it to you they lied. All the gold and silver will get divided equally among my team.

You will also receive an equal share of that money. As to any magic items. Once my guys have gone over it, if there is anything I feel should be up for grabs, I will bring it. Starting with Wendall seeing how he does not have a pot to piss in. Fair enough."

They both nodded. "Good, you will be on guard duty for a while with Hunter and Eagle-eye. We will relieve you when we are ready but we got a lot of work to do here and we got some injured to tend to! do not know how long that will take. Please let Doc know if you have any injuries that need attention...NOW move!"

Everyone ran around and got stuff together Doc checked everyone out. I walked up to Hunter. He looks to me, "Sorry kid, thanks for leaving me with your bow but one those guys snapped it in half when I was forced to block with it. I got mine restrung in a hurry as soon as that guy was down but your bow is a lost cause."

I look at it, picked it up, and pulled the bowstring off and threw the two pieces in the fire. I chuckled, "Well if something had to die on our side tonight, I am glad it was just one stupid bow."

I gave him a grin and walked away to help in the stripping and sorting. I counted no less than twenty magic items on this lot; they were loaded for bear. Someone paid them big to come and die.

I told Charlemagne, "This is a lot of gear to take down a simple trading caravan. Something else is going on. Do you know who that lord is?"

She looks at me, "No, I have not heard that name and you are right there is more going on." She kept her voice low and even. "Hop into the back of my wagon we can talk more there."

She called out to Skinner and Cook, "Take a couple of hours and go into the brush over there and bang your wife until she is screaming. If she is not screaming you are not doing it right!"

Those two rushed off with a blanket. "Eagle-eye you still with Fireball?"

She looked at her feet, "Sort of, I've been dividing my time between Fireball and Doc and they know about my thing for casters."
