 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 6 Back into the Action

We made it to the barracks and while shaky Charlemagne was on her own two feet. We approached Doc's room and we heard moans, groans and creaking from the room across the hall. The door was not all of the way shut. Charlemagne put a finger to her mouth and inched the door open a little further. Skinner was nailing his wife from behind and screwing like a bunny, while his wife has her head buried into Eagle-eyes cunt.

All three of them were naked; Eagle-eye is a 5'10 blonde with breasts larger than a normal elf but still smaller than Charlemagne. Cook was a 5'4 with the typical smallish elven breasts and her husband was a 5'9 elf who moved at a blinding speed into his wife's cunt. We leaned against the door frame and watch the show.

Cook pulled her hand out of Eagle-eyes cunt. With no prep at all, at least that we saw, she rears her hand back and shoves three of her soaked fingers into Eagle-eyes nether-hole like a spear. I now know why Eagle-eye was 'Eagle' as she let out a scream that would probably attract every male Eagle in a hundred square miles. It did not sound elven in origin.

While we watched, Doc's door opened. He looked into the room, smirked and waved us into his room. We saw Hunter and Fireball coming down the hall probably looking for the escaped bird of prey. I pointed to Doc's room. Hunter and Fireball caught the show from the hallway before stepping into the room. I look at Hunter, "You ready to take over the team from Charlemagne?"

Hunter shook his head, "NO, I told them I would be her number two person until they found a replacement!"

I nodded, "Then you are going to have to train her replacement; with her help for a little while anyway."

Hunter's eyes squish together as he tries to grab a hold of this conversation, "OK, I can help train someone so long as they don't want me taking the reins."

I replied, "Well, they actually want to let you off the hook for the number two spot on her team. You can help get me up to speed. I can look to take over in the short-term when she decides it is time to get off the road."

Hunter let out a sigh, "Don't scare me like that!"

Charlemagne laughed at him and said, "Team briefing in an hour and a half at Jarron's office. Hunter, he was just making sure you were happy to be moving out of that command spot. Though you may get it back again when I step aside to have our child."

Hunter nodded, "I am OK with that, just don't come climbing into my bed-roll. I like being able to walk!"

Charlemagne punches him in the arm and almost fell over. She lost her footing. I grabbed her and pull her toward me. Holding her arms at her side for what I was about to say, "Case in point."

She turned and kissed me on the cheek as she grunts at me. We heard the scream of climaxes coming from across the hall, as we opened Doc's door.

I looked at all of them put my hands together in front of me and they all took the hint. We gave them a round of applause. Charlemagne yelled over, "Briefing in Jarron's office in an hour and a half. You do not have time for an encore performance!"

I turned to Fireball, "Can you let Tranosa know about the meeting, Charlemagne and I need to get our gear ready to depart."

He nodded. Eagle-eye stepped out into the hall with her eyes still filled with lust and looking at me, "To bad we haven't hooked up."

I smirked at her, "Only if Charlemagne ever invites you to join us in bed."

Charlemagne just glared at her and shook her head slowly. Eagle-eye shrugged, "Pity!"

Then ran down the hall trying to catch up to Fireball.

I looked at Charlemagne as we walked out of the barracks, "Is there anyone on the team Eagle-eye has not slept with?"

She smiled, "Only two. Hunter and you."

I looked at her, "You've spent time with her?"

She nodded, "She's given me some of my best orgasms ever until you challenged me to that fourteen and four. Gods, I was watching you I knew you only took calculated risks and still I went forward. What was I thinking?"

I smiled, "You thought I was being cocky and cute. You forgot about my journal entry of taking notes from the other students reliving their escapades."

She shrugged, "I didn't see any notes."

I leaned toward her still supporting her after her recent near fall, "You also didn't see any notes on my knowledge of ancient history in regard to the Knights, my list of rules, or my preferred tactics. I keep all that stuff in my head for when I need it."

We entered the inn, the girl from the other night was behind the counter and looked crimson as we walked by her. I look at her, "We will be leaving today. Thanks for the extra work last night."

I drop another five gold pieces on the counter for her. She smiled at us and pockets the money. Charlemagne had gone quiet, I ask, "What is it?"

She nodded back toward the girl, "My previous second's daughter you just talked too. I don't think she was embarrassed by what we were up too, as in seeing me again. Her father was all she had and I brought her here to be raised. She would rather have had her father."

I nodded, "That makes two of us."

We enter the room and Charlemagne worked on going through her clothes and packing them how she wanted.

Journal entry Aparsa 21st 7023

The last two days have been eventful. I have reconnected with my father for the longest of our two conversations and they have both happened in less than 1 year. We are starting a trend. I gave him a better idea as to who I am. As my father does not know himself. My Charlemagne is going to be my bride and the mother of my daughter. Thanking deities during sex appears to help the fertility process. 

I have officially joined her team and am now the number two in training as Hunter did not want the job and I am suited to it. I met with Charlemagne boss Jarron who was impressed by my skills, in helping the team, and my observational skills. Charlemagne and I broke, for the final time she says, our record. Time will tell if that holds true as I heard pregnancies cause women to become needier in bed. At sixteen and six now.

I look over at Charlemagne, "You mentioned Hunter, what is his story?"

She paused, "His human wife died in childbirth two years ago, the baby was lost as well. He says he won't look at a non-elf again as he would want someone to live his life with and losing another would kill him. My being pregnant probably scares him a bit which is why he did not get excited for us."

I nodded at her, "He is a man that really needs to get laid soon. Maybe we can find him someone at the wedding."

Charlemagne looked at me, "You are probably right. Now I will have to think about who I know back home who might be interested in hooking up with a grumpy Hunter."

She winked at me. We were packed, armored, strapped with weapons, and I had both packs. We headed down the stairs and out of the inn. I asked Charlemagne, "I would like to make a few changes for the next part of the trip to see how they would work. We can go over them with the team after the briefing. They are all tactical with some potential time-savings."

She nodded, "We can throw it past the team and see what they think."

We got to the meeting and Jarron asked everyone to sit. Jarron cleared his throat, "Your team will continue from the inn where your wagons are being guarded by the town guards. You will mount up on your original journey without the aid of an escort and deliver the documents to the destination.

The Elven Ambassador in Grand Falls is two weeks from your location. We don't have the manpower or time to bring in another mercenary group. There are none we know we can trust. Your two prisoners will remain at the village; no new information out of them. Oliver and Wendall left the night you arrived and split directions.

Oliver went in the direction you are going Wendall in the direction you left. Oliver is the more worrisome of the two because he is in front of your group; do not bring him with you. Chances are high you will be attacked again, so keep up your guard. All wagons have fresh horses. You can leave a day earlier than originally planned. Any questions?"

I stuck up my hand and Jarron nodded to me, "I brought in four horses from the mercenaries can we keep them?"

Jarron nodded. I looked around the table, "Show of hands, except for our three longbow users do any of you use light crossbows?" Two hands went up. "Keep your hand up if you have a light crossbow." Both hands went down.

"Any short bow users not in the first group?"

One more hand. "Do have one?" Shook their head. "My assumption is that we were trying to look like a defenseless caravan with an escort, we need to add weapons. Six light crossbows, one cocked and loaded under the seat of each wagon, we can tie them underneath the seat. Add a short bow and I need to replace my longbow.

The other two light crossbows stay with the shooters on shift or over your back. Bolts on your legs and another set tied inside the kickboard of the wagons. Can Hunter and Eagle-eye shoot from horseback?"

They both nodded. "I am not as good at shooting from horseback as they are. If the three of us followed shift rotation order and ride a four-hour shift in front of the group they can hunt and scout for hostiles before the wagons get close. Is that agreeable?"

The two of them nodded. "We need to grab extra grain and water for the additional horses. Along with the weapons and ammunition. In addition to three axes, one for each wagon, I will get to that in a second. Next does everyone like the wagon crew they are riding with?"

Everyone nodded. "OK, I would like to move the second and third wagon crews. Then switch the order of the wagons. The cook wagon is the back but Cook is in the second wagon. With the horses, most game can be taken to the road tied directly to the third wagon. We short-line the rope and we don't have to move the wagons out of line unless Hunter or Eagle-eye nails one while in the wagon. In which case, they can tie it to the second wagon as we do now.

Now once it is time to start prepping food, a rider can grab Cook and take her to the back of the third wagon. Skinner can jump down like he normally does but the distance to the meat into the wagon should become a constant; much closer and easier on the back. Less chance of a horse running into rope lines. We will have two horses tied off of the back of wagon's one and two. Everything sounds fine?"

Everyone was nodding. "This is the part to likely have some pushback, put Hunter, Fireball, and Skinner on the first watch. Tranosa, Charlemagne and myself on second and Cook, Eagle-eye, and Doc on third. The biggest thing this complicates is the sack time for Skinner and Cook. That is why they are both in the second wagon and they can get some quality time after we take off in the morning in the back after we pull out of camp.

Does this work for Skinner and Cook?" They nodded at each other. "One last thing, firewood we spend an hour or more collecting at every campsite that can hold all of the wagons. If we rope some larger pieces and tie them off to the right side of the third wagon as we go then we will be hunting and getting firewood through the day. Only having to deal with the small stuff at worst once we get to camp.

The first person to camp will be Eagle-eye riding last shift she can get some small stuff to get the fire started with. Then we can use the axes I mentioned to chop down any wood in no time. We will look less like a merchant caravan without guards as a caravan that is ready to kick ass if the shoe drops. Those were the items I wanted to discuss Charlemagne."

She looked at me with her mouth open, "How long have you been thinking about this?"

I looked at her, "Since we left the inn and then I asked if you would not mind some suggestions."

Cook asked, "Why six light crossbows instead of five?"

I smiled, "The sixth one is for the back of the third wagon in case it is needed while food prep is being done." She nodded. "I have just a couple of more things. In case you cannot tell I will be joining your group, I have been recruited. I will be working with Hunter to take over the number two spot.

Eventually, the number one spot when Charlemagne goes off the road because of the pregnancy. As to the changes in rotations, I put one longbow user, one caster, and at least one melee on each shift. The only one suffering in that regard would be me but I can always use time in the back of the wagon after we roll out to work on rest and to study up spells."

I caught my breath, "We will need a hand drill with a small bit, some leather stripping, the additional rope, and the other gear mentioned earlier. As I have not been to the general store here or where the wagons are you will let me know the best place to get everything."

Charlemagne still stunned, "Get the feed in town. The rest we should get as much of it here that they have in stock."

I looked back at Jarron who chimed back in, "Your father is right, soon you will be gunning for my job. For those that do not know because not everyone was in the know. Eldar is a Legacy his mother was a member and you will know his father as that son of a bitch Silvertree; that includes his son here who holds that same opinion.

Getting the second position is not a result of that association. It is because of his observation and tactical skills in addition to his incredibly long ass memory. Everyone remember that recruit message about 'Do you know who the Knights are?' He is the only one who has answered that question.

Going back to its origination over seven thousand years ago; from a book, he read as a kid. He also gave us our first solid lead in the issues with the documents based upon his time at the Academy. He respects every single one of you and your abilities to watch his back, the Grizzly. To watching your back, the ambush. You are dismissed."

We walked out of the meeting in relative silence and headed toward the general store.

Charlemagne looks at me, "Why did you not bring those ideas up sooner?"

I smirked, "Before one should suggest changes to doing something they should know how and why it is done the way it is done. The idea about limiting the lines to wagons two and three came from when the Merc leader ran his horse into one of them. We have riding horses now so it is an issue."

I looked at her. "The firewood; big camp spots have the least amount of wood available because of the trade caravans. Axes were not a big priority until we talked about dragging firewood with us. We will need to chop it at camp but anything we don't use we can leave behind at the campsite if we do not have space to take it with us."

I opened the door to the store, "Crossbows helped to save my life against that bear, but those bolts were fired by the Royal Guards. We do not have that support. Using the horses, back to spoils of war. Anyone upset by me being put into as your number two?"

She shook her head, "Well there are a couple who are just surprised at being a recruit to being the number two on a team in a day. Jarron handled the why's of that and your suggested changes helped them to see why it was a good idea. If we had not gotten involved, I would have taken the suggestions anyway. The answers you gave on the tactical issues and the lives it could save. You keep putting the others before yourself, the job was made for you."

She chuckled, "Hell my job was made for you, you could have asked for your own team and probably gotten it. How did you smooth over things with your father concerning me?"

I grinned, "I told him two things he does not mess with is you and my child. I would sooner pull out my sword and fight him there if he wanted to interfere. He could support me or stay out of my way when it came to you."

We finished our shopping trip at the general store and made our way across the compound. We headed to the closet. We went thru two at a time. One long passionate kiss and it was our turn to cross over in the closet. We got to the stables and I had them saddle up all four horses. I put the white colt and brown filly behind the new wagon two and the gray and black geldings behind wagon one.

I told Eagle-eye, "The brown filly is yours, she is high spirited like yourself. You should get along fine. Hunter the Gray is yours A good solid horse should be great for early morning hunting with any fog or mist."

With the supplies and wagon modification, we get out around mid-day. To help make up for lost hunting time I ask Hunter to ride up with me. I nocked up an arrow using my new white ash bow. It has been sealed in coal ash finish to make it blend in better at night. I had to modify the grip to shoot with either hand.

As I had guessed my shooting from horseback was far worse than from a wagon or on foot. I roped in firewood when not helping to bring in Hunter's game. Being in front of the wagon's presented more opportunity for him. I occasionally got an arrow into an animal, kill zone would have been better.

The new changes were received well and over the next five days. I took the time to talk with each team member one-on-one to gain their thoughts. I made it clear as I talked around the fire that my relationship with my father existed in name and the occasional gift. I had two conversations since graduating from the Academy.

Those were the only two I ever had with him. I found him a bigger son of a bitch than most. I returned to sword practice in the morning for an hour while waiting for the morning meal. Also got those who were out of practice with bows some target practice. I did my bow target practice when I found a new log; I would use a standard arrow and work on my aim from horseback.

Hunting for the group was a lot less difficult because we had fewer to feed and Hunter would nail one or two big game animals on the first watch of the morning leaving firewood to myself and Eagle-eye if needed. Cook and Skinner were enjoying the sex on the wagon if only it gave them more time to sleep at night. As for Charlemagne and myself, we would get together right after the evening meal for sex.

Then again after our watch, we were back into a normal flow of things, but we were cautious to avoid contact with her clit until it healed up. Days six and seven stopped our hunting. We were on dry rations and finding any firewood was made impossible by heavy rain. Day eight we did not hunt as we were coming to a village called Cotton Web where we would stay the night.

We got in later than we liked and the best we could get was a common room for all nine of us. Two and a half days of wet living conditions had everyone ready for some clean dry sex. Being in a common room made it awkward but it did not stop those who were set on having sex. Charlemagne and I fooled around in our spot when someone lit a few candles in the middle of the room.

Hunter was asleep in a far corner turned away from the noise. Charlemagne and I were under the blanket laying on our sides and I had my cock buried in her cunt from behind while we laid there and watched the scene unfold. There appeared to be some swapping of partners going on as Tranosa was pumping into Cook from underneath, Fireball was buried in her nether-hole.

Cook had a hand buried up to the wrist in Eagle-eyes cunt while Skinner was nailing her in the ass. Both women were moaning loudly and both were getting double penetrated. While Eagle-eye sucked off Doc. I whispered to Charlemagne, "Turned on?"
