 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

***Inspired by multiple fantasy environments. Not endorsed by any of them. © EmotionalStorm 2017. Published, March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Chapter 4 Confessions and Revelation

Charlemagne cleared her throat, "Our meeting was not exactly an accident? In fact, your life has been under evaluation since the day you were born. Some of this story is not mine to tell. Let me tell you about my part. I was assigned a mission to pick-up some time sensitive and highly valuable information and resources from the Elven Capital, but my mission did not end with that.

Part two of my mission was to evaluate you for membership in our organization. We work for no kingdom, but we provide services and some oversight to many kingdoms and organizations across Tildar."

I glared at her, "Finding my journal and then getting me into your bed was a part of that evaluation?"

Charlemagne tried to look as sympathetic as possible, "Yes to finding your journal. ONLY so far as working to identify any other organizations that might have attempted direct contact with you."

She sighed, "As to getting you into my bed, that was COMPLETELY against the rules for a candidate for membership. As the saying goes, 'The heart wants what the heart wants.' Even I did not realize the depth of where that was going until that last night in my wagon. You challenged me to admit what my heart knew, but my mind was not ready to accept. No that is not right. What my mind did not want everybody else to know that I had come to accept."

Jarron interrupted at this point, "I haven't gotten your full written report yet, what happened in your wagon? Could you explain what is going on?"

Charlemagne mumbled, "Breath, breath, breath."

Then looked straight at me while she talked with Jarron, "Initial verbal report from Grand Master Yetto: Candidate is one of the brightest and most naturally gifted Apprentices he has ever come across. He could be a Grand Master in ten years if the Academy did not have its restrictions. He stands not as a three-time competition champion, the Academy has never had any three-time champions. He is the only four-time champion which exists."

She cleared her throat, "The Academy is frustrated by Grand Master Yetto's methods, student, and approach as it flies into the face of Academy tradition and superiority in generating Blade Singer Master's. The candidate did not know of Grand Master Yetto's involvement in our organization. The candidate did not know that his selection was based upon his merits."

She stared at me, "No special privileges, while the candidates selected for the trial program by the Academy was outside of his control and the selection was made with the oversight and unanimous approval of the Governing Grand Masters in attendance. I know you knew this last part but Eldar did not until now. He wished me to pass this along..." She went over to Jarron's desk and drops a pouch with ten diamonds.

"Half of the winnings he got from bets placed with other Grand Masters, parents of the students, and other academy officials. He did not risk that much gold but he got great odds right after the selection process as to if he could generate a Champion Blade Singer Apprentice and he rolled the money forward after Eldar won at the fifteen-year trial. The Academy incorrectly predicted that Traylar'sune Goldensong was the strongest competitor from that year group."

I interrupted, "You are telling me Grand Master Yetto knew about this?"

Jarron cut in, "Of course he knew! He met your parents when he was an apprentice, by the way, Charlie how is your step-son?"

Charlie winced and hung her head for a second, "Grand Master Yetto is very proud and in good health."

My mouth hit the floor, "Backup! Grand Master Yetto is your step-son as in the son of your dead husband."

She held up her hand, "There is more, Yetto was his mother's Maiden name which he took due to his animosity toward his Eleven father's family disowning him for marrying a human. His father's name was Jasorosa Silvertree—a distant cousin of your father's."

I leaned against the wall and slid down to sit on the floor and shook my head. Jarron interrupted, "Your report now? Might as well do this one verbally too."

She straightened back up, she began, "Initial impression was he was cocky but a charmer, arrogant but humble, chip on his shoulder but not willing to use his family name or academic record to try and impress. After reviewing his journal, I found out where the chip on his shoulder originated; in his perceived shortcomings of his father."

I interrupted again shouting, "What do you mean PERCEIVED shortcomings?"

Jarron looked at me, "STAY CALM and let her finish please!"

She looks over, "CONTINUING, perceived shortcomings. He was focused on what he could see and not what was occurring behind the scene. His father's direct contact was non-existent. Eldar's lack of knowledge of his father's attention and involvement with his instructors in regards to his education. His father gave him the opportunity to choose another path as his school informed him, he was getting frustrated with his magical skills and his desire to live up to his mother's battle prowess.

I have probably overstepped my authority with that much of an explanation but until his father arrives." Thunk, thunk, thunk, as my head banged against the wall.

She paused and continued, "Cocky and a charmer because of the way he flirted with me right off the bat not knowing I was fifty-two years old; I found it flattering. His journal confirms this with his own side bet against his top competitor. That is the last of my report on the examination of his journal."

I smiled for that small consideration.

She began yet again, "Starting with observational skills, I already talked about his last fight, but he is always watching his surroundings. He pointed out our city guards were Royal Guards because of the swords. Commented on the fact he knew I was not telling him what was going on. He did not push too far for answers as he respected the authority of not me, at this point, but the guards who trust in me. Not blind trust. He also observed our mercenaries from a distance and refused to put blind trust in them. Asking everyone in the group to just refer to him as Hunter's apprentice."

She paused to catch her breath, "Which takes us into tactics. Tactically he talked with Hunter and one of the guards concerning his last fight. His observations of his opponent going back over fifteen years, his spotting of and exploiting weaknesses during the same contest. He beat Hunter to a kill shot on a quail, and while Eldar had an arrow notched ahead of Hunter he still beat him to it and it is not his primary weapon."

She looked over at Jarron, "Hunter put him through some game hunting basics, what angles to get the best kill shot for game, cleaning an animal while moving as we do on our road trips. That came in handy on midnight shift while on guard duty with me. We got charged by a grizzly. Eldar did not panic got to his feet and pulled out his sword which became flaming. He grabbed the aggravation of the bear and turned it.

Allowing me to get into a flanking position but more importantly getting the bear into position ensuring those in the camp had a clear line of sight to put in kill shots. He was rewarded with his efforts with several broken ribs, a badly broken arm from the bear's mouth, and several cuts and bruises. He did not have the scars on his face before we left."

She looked back at me, "What Eldar did not know because he was unconscious at the time was, he got the kill shot on the bear. Hunter confirmed by the burned heart from where his sword pierced. He once again observed odd behavior from the mercenary leader. He requested to switch up our position on the following night. He moved up the road past them to try and observe what was going on. He determined they were going to attack. He waited for the leader to turn back around and then warned us of an unknown necromancer. He took on and defeated the mercenary's leader in one on one combat before returning to the group to help dispatch two others and 'literally and physically' disarmed one of our opponents which gave us our prisoners."

Jarron stopped her and with a bit of sarcasm, "Alright, let us get to the part where he ends up in your bed?"

She visibly swallowed and it is was obvious at this point her mouth was dry, "First night was after the grizzly attack and while he could not move, I made a few of his dreams come true. Don't ask me how I know I won't go into that. Anyway. I got him to cum four times before he went back to sleep. Yes, he was injured I took care of all of the work. I would also note he still pulled his mid-shift watch though nobody expected him to after the beating he took, by the bear not by me! STOP looking at me like that!"

Jarron visibly tried to contain his laughter at this, while I just sat and watched her hang herself out to dry. "I only bring that up because of our last night together. Yes, we got together a few more times in-between. The last night we were together was after the big battle. People needed downtime. I set guards and let those go with a wife or in the case of Eagle-eye a tryst.

I told them to go blow off some steam for two hours before getting some sleep. I told them if they were not screaming, they were not doing it right. I warned Eagle-eye off of Eldar. I told her I was still breaking him in and he had stamina, famous last words!"

I snickered and sighed. "He challenges me once we were in the wagon. Every-time I came I had to thank each one of the thirteen elven deities and if he got me to the fourteenth and any beyond that I would have to scream to the camp that I loved him. He would do the same If I got him to pop off on the fourth one that he loved me."

Jarron was about to start rolling from laughter. I could see he tried to visualizing being outside the wagon during this as he leans back and closed his eyes. Charlemagne screamed, "Stop it! I know you are going to hear about this! Might as well be to tell you. I did not expect him to be able to do it; especially in under two hours, but he did!

I won't say how other than he has a very talented tongue, strong determination, and arms. Remember my comment about his calculated risks earlier. We finish fourteen and four having screamed our love for each other and me thanking every god along the way. He helped me out of the wagon to get food and I couldn't even walk without his support and I am still sore three days later and pregnant as well."

Jarron openly laughed now. She rolled her eyes, "When I got up later, I talked with Hunter and knew that the mission was in trouble. I sent Eldar with the package. THE

MISSION STUFF in the bag, NOT the package between his legs Stop laughing!"

I started laughing at this point. She shook her head, "OK, I think I have put my foot into my mouth enough already."

Jarron stops, "What am I going to do with you?"

I stood and told him, "Give me and my future wife twenty-four hours with food and drink I will have it sent to our room every six hours. I will tell the guy at the front desk. We have a lot to talk about, and if you think what we did in two hours was impressive wait until she tells you how we do after twenty-four hours!"

She looks shocked! Jarron laughed again. I walked over and picked her up and put her over my shoulder and walked out of his office back toward the inn while she screamed, "Hold on! Wait a MINUTE! PUT ME DOWN!"

I heard Jarron hit the floor in his office. I walked into the inn. Several people were drinking and some were eating. Charlemagne squirmed. SMACK. I swatted her on the butt, "Stop squirming!"

Hunter sat at a table with Eagle-eye and Fireball eating, and Hunter looked like he wanted to get up out of his chair. I looked right at him, "If Jarron let me walk out of his office and across the compound with her over my shoulder you know he did not stop me!"

I looked at the barkeep, "Got something to write with?"

He nodded, "OK, I need two of tonight's specials, a couple of slices of pie or cobbler, two bottles of elven wine, and six full water skins. We need a comb and brush set, a bottle of liniment for sore muscles, and a fresh hot bath is drawn now with a dozen towels delivered to my room. Now in six hours, bread and cheese another bottle of wine and have them fill any empty water skins hanging on the door.

Then twelve hours from now; two morning specials, a pot of coffee with two cups, and a couple of pastries. Refill any empty water skins and another hot bath drawn and another dozen towels. Oh, eighteen hours from now, two mid-day specials, another bottle of wine and refill the water-skins. How long until the bath is ready?"

When the innkeeper finished writing, "Maybe an hour."

I nodded. "An hour is fine. Here are twenty gold pieces for the trouble and the supplies from the store and if you need to get someone to open the store let them know I am taking care of Charlemagne over at the Inn and we could really use those."

I walked over to the table with Hunter and the others. Charlemagne had stopped squirming. I slide her down to cradle her in my arms. She looks resigned to her fate. "Now, from what you heard is she being tortured or pampered?"

Hunter smirked, "Pampered, I don't know what all the fuss is about."

I looked at Charlemagne, "You want to..." I thought this was better to drag out. "No, no, no, better to do this all at once like ripping off the bandage. Hunter can you get our whole gang, not that Oliver and Wendall. Come up to our room in just over an hour. Time enough for me to get Charlemagne into the tub before you arrive."

I look at the Innkeeper, "Any other guests staying here tonight?"

He shook his head, "Not so far."

I turned to him with a smile, "Great news, Charlemagne's not feeling the best as you can see and she will likely be up on and off all night long praying to the gods. She can get quite vocal about that! Right, Hunter?"

He played right into that opening, "Yeah a few days ago she was so bad she could hardly walk!"

Charlemagne just hid her face.

I got her to the room, "OK, step one in embarrassing you is complete. You have some time for me to start getting you out of your clothes and coming clean with some of the other missing details. We have fifteen and five in the next twenty-three hours currently. Every time I hear you utter the words, 'I can't' I am increasing your fifteen by one!"

She stuttered, "Wait a minute! When did I agree to a fifteen and five tonight?"

I gave her an evil grin, "Earlier this evening when I told you about wanting to marry you and to let me know when. We would go fifteen and five. Remember? You in the tub with your mouth open. I told you I would not push, just to let me know when you were ready for fifteen and five before we discussed pregnancy?"

She flopped back and lifted a foot up. I started to remove her shoes. She sighed, "Yes, but you also said you would leave my clit alone because it is still sore."

I asked her, "Do you think I can get you to fifteen vaginally and anally without touching your clit? I will try if that is what you want but then you might not be able to sit let alone walk..." She thought about that. "Remember, we can spread this out over hours tonight and tomorrow. I can even get Doc to come in to do some healing on you if needed."

She stopped me, "No, no, the clit is in. I owe you that much after today. Are you really going to take care of my aching body?"

I sighed at her, "Yes. That is why I requested the supplies to help you with your hair to massage those sore aching muscles..."

I started removing the second shoe, "Two hot baths twelve hours apart? You think your 'step-son', my Grand Master, did not put a few bruises into me during my training? But you have got to be open and honest with me about my questions else I will start adding to that count. You can learn from your mistakes or get sore from repeating them."

She groaned, "Gods, his father told him that all the time!"

I look at her as I slowly rubbed her feet, "Let us start with how you know my father and what did you mean about when he gets here? Yes, I know the tough ones up front. Good news for you I will not ask about the 'organization', any offers to join I will leave to Jarron to present."

She moaned, "That feels good. Alright, as to the first question I met your father when he came to see his cousin and I was fifteen at the time. I lived in the same village as your cousin. His wife was very sick and I helped to take care of her when I was not out practicing with my rapiers. I loved to fight with two weapons."

She slid her pants down, "He caught some of my practices and your cousin and your father approached me for membership when I was twenty-five. Funny thing is, your cousin asked me to marry him ten years after his wife died, while I was under his evaluation. What is happening to us has happened before.

Your father is a complex man. A tactical strategist who can read the world political situation like you read your opponents and the battlefield. He spends very little time with his family. Contrary to what you believe he has always been very proud of you."

I snorted, "He has never shown it so it does not count."

She sighed, "My husband talked to me about your mother's and father's relationship. She might have told you his family forbade his marriage, but that is not quite true."

I shook my head, "No might about it."

She grunted at me, "Your mother saw what it cost your cousin in the loss of his family. After she refused your father for the hundredth time in order to keep him from getting disowned, ending their five-year-long affair a year after you were born. He was there for your birth. He returned to the city and played the part in the families plan for his arranged marriage. He does not love your step-mother and never has."

I shook my head, "His mistake not mine."

She huffed, "They have two children because that was what was expected of him. He loves all his kids but you were born out of love as our daughter will be."

We were interrupted at this point by the bucket brigade to drain and fill the tub with hot water so I cover Charlemagne with a blanket. Meanwhile, the supplies and food arrived We started to eat while the tub was filled.

I instruct the girl, "Please bring up two more buckets of hot water in an hour because Charlemagne needs a good long soak."

I told Charlemagne, "Into the tub."

She huffed, "I haven't finished eating yet."

I smiled at her, "You will finish eating while sitting in that nice hot water to start to work those muscles."

Charlemagne got up as I helped her out of the rest of her clothes.

I got her seated in the tub with the soap and turned the water into a milky color. Then went and removed my shirt and shoes leaving me in just my leather pants. I took all of the clothes and put them on the appropriate pack. I then got her plate and glass of wine and took them over to the tub. I grabbed a towel and wet it down and started washing and massaging her feet, and there was a knock at the door.

"Come in." I invited the gang of seven into the room. I looked at Charlemagne, "You want to tell them, or shall I?"

She looks at her team, "We are getting married and we have a girl on the way."

As six out of the seven worked to pick up their jaws I turn to them, "I have not been made privy or been offered a spot into your organization at this point but it will probably come up tomorrow. A wedding date has not been set yet but I have a couple of favors to ask. Hunter will you take all my gear, armor, weapons, and pack..." I grab my spell book, journal, and quill and ink out. "and bring it back around two tomorrow?"
