 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind. Only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

Inspired by multiple RPG gaming universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Authors note: This story does have scenes dealing with an incestual sexual encounter between sisters. If that is not something you wish to read then you have the wrong story. Originally released as Chapters 26-35. Broken apart to help with editing and to make each section the size of a novella or novel instead of two novels.

Chapter 34 To protect a Princess

We walked back to the throne room and the Princess sent guards off to get the Captains, court wizard and treasurer. One of the other advisers looked at me, "Jarron said you are a force of nature."

I smiled, "Jarron had the position of honor in the escort of my Father's Funeral Wagon or Carriage is what you would call it. By my design. Now if I could just get him laid."

He laughed as did some of my Knights. The treasurer was there with his list. I look at him, "Break down your list by those things identified as having a necromantic enchantment, and powerful magic items and restricted tomes. Those are the items you want to search the vault for and we can determine what is missing that could present problems for us.

Also, any old maps or fortification designs that are missing including this Palace." He made notes. "You will want to get that door secured you will want your wizards to help put it into place at a minimum until you can get a repair crew in and block off viewing of the contents."

He nodded and headed off to the vault. I looked at her, "I would put an entire squad of battle mages down there. To ward the vault once his inventory is done."

The court wizard arrives, "I am Gradee Fireheart Master wizard."

I nodded at him, "I am Duke Eldar Silvertree, Grand Master Blade Singer. Since you have taken over how many wards have you removed and replaced with your own?"

He looked at me, "The Palace was already warded."

I nodded, "By the lich who knows all of the existing wards as he placed them. You might want to start with Royal Quarters, throne room and Vault. Then Ambassador wing allowing for our ambassador to keep his teleport access but have him switch to a different spot in the room. Too many know it.

My people teleported straight into the throne room. No blocks, no alarms, and no guard reception. The wards really need to be addressed. I had two squads on standby when I came here to check for the presence of the lich. He appeared to be trapped in the vault due to a teleportation ward but once outside escaped by that means.

I would get with the Royal treasurer to find out if any of the magical devices in your vault will help with security in the short term. I would also conscript as many mages into service to protect the guest coming into the Palace this evening for the Princesses event and the funeral tomorrow."

He looked at me, "You're an elven Duke."

I shook my head, "I am elven. I am a Duke in elven, human and dwarven lands. I am also the Field Marshal for your northern and the elven southern borders. The Princess instead of a puppet government under a lich's control is in place because of my people's efforts to aid the human Kingdom and my complete knowledge of your laws. Including page 9,405.

Which is the start of the responsibilities of a Court wizard and your ability to conscript the assistance you need from your own Mage Academy by decree of the presiding ruler." I look at the Princess. "You have a lot of royalty coming in tonight and tomorrow."

She nodded, "Have my scribe put together the decree so the court wizard has the resources he needs to ensure our safety."

The court wizard seemed to respect that I ensured his hands got untied to make the changes needed. I looked over at the military adviser, "I will warn you that I have dispatched two squads across the border to examine the valley and draw up plans to restrict, close or crater the valley entrance. They consist mostly of dwarven sappers we just picked up."

The military adviser smirked, "Not worried about running into trouble?"

I shook my head, "I sent a battle mage, battle cleric, and a couple of others with the group. Worse case they will retreat blowing up the path behind them. It is a no-man land section that your troops do not pursue the enemy into. I figure if we can narrow the valley entrance it would bottleneck the enemy approach."

He looked at me, "A lot can happen in forty years."

I nodded, "Which is why I asked for plans of action to be made and not carried out yet. Plan and then do. When the plan goes south improvise the fuck out of it."

He laughed as he knew. He looked at me, "So how did you kill the leadership?"

I smiled, "We captured a spy who had set up a permanent teleportation circle into a small crevice unknown to the general leadership. We took in an attack squad, brought down wards, and blew up the only access to reinforcements into the hold. We captured the second in command, his intelligent paperwork, and killed the leader. I was part of the support and capture team. Another team of specialists took out the leader. That action went sideways when we took down some of the wards. Wards warning for traps.

A giant walked into the traps collapsing the tunnel. Oops, it worked. I requested and got two dwarven sappers and we still kept them busy and entertained. In fact, when I went to the Warriors Hall they were in the audience. They let their brethren know that they had worked with me.

Told them I was fluid and in command of the battlefield. That strike led me to be elevated into a position parallel to Jarron. Combined with several other actions before that are classified. You know how they can get closed lip on details."

He nodded, "It is always for a reason."

I smiled, "I knew you would understand."

The guard captains finally arrive along with the head guard. I looked across and saw the captain I worked with before but he was not the head Guard Captain.

I look at the head Guard Captain, "Can you give us a rundown of today's events in the palace in regards to Unicorn?"

He looked at me and then the Princess nodded to him. "The Princess was in danger someone ordered her moved to the barracks instead of the usual security spots. Then a squad of Eleven Military and mercenary battle Mages came to supplement our numbers. Then we got the all clear. Looked like a drill."

I looked at him, "Have you investigated?"

He shook his head, "Not yet I will be trying to figure out who was directing my troops."

I stepped down to the Guard Captain. "Page 7,002 is the beginning of the royal guards' responsibilities. They take direction from a royal of Duke or higher in a crisis. I am Duke Eldar Silvertree. I am here on an investigative and diplomatic mission. I had two squads on standby a mix of my mercenary unit, The Eleven Academy, and the Eleven Army battle mages. Your King was killed by your court wizard. As was my father. I was here in the aftermath.

Based on the description of details I got from one of your Guard Captains. Please step forward." He steps forward. "His observations led us to believe the wizard was not destroyed. He escaped or he turned himself into a lich. He was in the Royal Vault. You lost two men when he blew the door off after the door had been cracked open. The Squad led by me tried to engage this lich.

He dropped some of the stuff he was trying to take to keep his phylactery—what held his undead soul. My spell helped to identify and track it. It is a rare spell that I had to negotiate to receive from another. He teleported out at the last second before I could get close enough to strike him down. He destroyed twenty wizards who attempted to capture or kill him when your King and royal court was killed. He was and is a traitor to you people.

The answer to your question is I gave the order after getting the alarm information from the Princess. I did not send her to a standard safe location. Because he was the court wizard who knew all the safe locations. I sent her to an alternate location. Know...thy...enemy. Now we could not alert you which is your next question. Because there was a detail on its way to the vault to get the royal burial shroud.

We tried to stop them from opening the vault door but it was too late they already had it cracked. We forced him to drop some very evil necromancer items. They have been secured and removed from the palace for the safety of those here. They will be secured or destroyed away from the city. Now you have the information what will you do with it?"

He looked at me, "Get my men back to work."

I sighed, "The wrong answer. Your men should be doing a room by room search of the palace to ensure that the threat is gone. You should also have at least two if not more squads guarding the very open Royal Vault. I would suggest you read your job description at what to do after a found threat is believed to have escaped the palace. You need to ensure the threat is gone. I do not have the time to hand hold all of you. You have taken on new jobs because of this slaughter.

You should be looking at your laws and what is applicable to royal guard activity. You should be setting up new safe areas to move the Princes as the existing locations are compromised. We are talking about a traitorous court wizard who was to protect and instead destroyed. Pick up the pieces and adjust."

I walked over to the Captain. "Did you inform him of our concern the wizard was not dead? That he might be a lich from your discussion with me previously?"

He looked at me, "It was even in my written report."

I look back to the head guard and look at him, "You have a steep learning curve. You have been thrust into this position of responsibility. Step up or step aside for someone who will do the job."

I walked back over to the Princess, "They are your men."

She looked at them, "Room by room searches three squads guarding the royal armory. All shifts working double until after the funeral to protect those coming in and the royal members coming in this evening. The safe rooms I want a plan for them the day after tomorrow work with my military and economic advisers."

He nodded to the Princess and took his men away.

I looked at the Princess, "Who selected that man to be your new head guard?"

She looked at me, "He had seniority over the others."

I nodded, "But the captain who took action to secure your life is a man of action. You need to consider that Princess. Especially in these times. There are those who frown and fear me because of the power I have at my age. Coming from virtual obscurity to a Duke in less than a year.

From my skill with a blade, my memory and my ideas to protect our people. By our I mean all of our allies. I got to where I am because I was the one who took action to address the problem. There is taking action without thinking and then there is taking action to ensure the safety of everyone. My group works to protect. It benefits us all.

There will be some shocked faces when they see this young impure elf with his two half-elven wives, what we now call elf-blooded. Plus being a Duke and Field Marshal. My ladies are not only duchesses by marriage but Dames in the Eleven court for their own efforts.

My people are skilled and the Gray Blades have received an award for heroism. I ensured it was a unit award as they wanted to bestow it on me. I led the force that decimated the enemy. We took action, Understand Princess?"

She looked at me, "You are trying to be subtle in telling me I have the wrong man looking after my welfare. If I find his efforts unsatisfactory, I will seek a replacement and consider the captain you recommended to replace him. Regardless of seniority."

I smiled at her, "Very good answer Princess. Do not always bend to what I am saying. Watch to see if there is a deficiency that you cannot overlook and you need to replace to correct."

The advisers smiled at me as they watched me push the Princess to see what she would do. I knew she will have to change out head guards. I looked at her, "Can we get that one guard captain back? I would like to see a copy of his written report of that day."

She nodded and sent a guard after him with the request. I looked at the Princess, "How has this arrangement been working for you?"

She looked at me, "It has been an education, which I needed. Your approach worried me at first but I now see you set me up to learn. To cut down on my chance to fail. To learn what works and what does not."

I smiled at her, "Exactly Princess."

The guard captain returned with his report and I look at him, "Wait a moment." I read through the report and he was fairly thorough and concise. "A few minutes ago, I gave a page number do you remember it?"

He nodded, "7,002. I am up to page 7,056. I read more each time I am off shift. Your knowledge of our laws and procedures was inspiring."

I look at him, "Any other Captains read this section of the laws that you are aware of?"

He shook his head. "Most are still shook-up about the change in leadership and excuse me for saying this, 'following a child.' I do not share this view. I see us as following her and her advisers."

I looked at him, "How many other Captains share your 'radical' view of things?"

He looked at me, "To my knowledge, I am the only one who looks at the situation this way. Some look at it as an elf installed her. Others do not look at her and just her advisers."

I nodded, "You have read the relevant section. What is your primary duty?"

He looked at me. "To protect the Royal family."

I walked away, "That is all I wanted to ask. I will give this report to the Princess. Do you have any questions for him, Princess?"

She looked at me, "Not at this time. I will be talking with all my captains individually about their knowledge of their responsibilities."

She looked at the Captain, "Thank you. You are dismissed."

I smiled at the Princess, "You are doing the right thing to investigate for yourself. Do not think that I have spoken with him about this. I have not. One of the things you have not heard about is my visions and premonitions. Those would scare the heck out of you. I will tell you a few. I had what I would call a vision storm.

I identified a mass murder, recovered a dead Moon Blade so it could be claimed by another family and made active. Sent word to an elven house, told them to send a message to a relative halfway around the world not to board a ship, that it was destined to be lost at sea. Instead, I sent her to a city I never knew. To a shop, I have never visited.

To access a portal to travel halfway around the world and return home. My wives and I each had portions of a vision on the same night that we followed. That led to me being named Knight Champion to Corellon Larethian by Sehanine Moon Bow. The Lady of Dreams who married me to my two wives. I have seen her three times and Corellon Larethian twice so far.

Once he put his hand on my shoulder. I have acute senses. Hearing, eyesight, and reflexes since that night. I know you will do your own research. I know you will find that he is the right man for the job. I also know who you are destined to marry. You will have twins, two girls, from your wedding night encounter and a son a year later.

He will love you and be faithful to you. He is the youngest son of one of the Dukes who is coming tonight. He will be extremely shy when he sees you because he is in awe of your beauty and not just what is on the outside. He sees your compassion, your desire to do what is right for your people. He is glad you are being afforded this opportunity.

The Duke also has a set of twin daughters that he is having a hard time marrying off. They are beautiful girls with red hair and green eyes. Do you know the Duke by that description? Because I do not know his name." She nodded but said nothing. "Just that I will see him tonight and my wives will want to talk with his daughters."

Charlemagne leaned over to me, "You having another vision right now?"

I nodded, "You will want to talk to them because they are a lot like you and Annette in many ways. Before I met you. The angry one does not believe she needs a male in her life. There is nothing he has to offer her. Remind you of anyone?"

She smiled as she looked at Annette.

Annette looks back, "Ok, so we will talk with her."

I shook my head, "To them. I will talk with the Duke first."

The Princess and her advisers looked at me with curiosity. When I looked back at her she saw all the silver flakes in my irises dance and swim around as they reflected the light. Then they slowly calmed and became static again.

She looked at me, "You get a lot of these visions?"

I nodded, "Especially when I am focused on someone like I was with you, Princess. I have done that to Guard Captains and the Elven Queen. I have told people what position they needed to stand or lay in to conceive with their significant other. Sometimes describing the room or their mate in detail. Having never met them. I tried to save one Captain from murder.

He failed to act fast enough but the guards I sent after him kept him from killing two women who were both pregnant. I even told our Queen when she was with child and what each of their future holds. I have done that to a lot of women. Including all the female officers on my original charter, an innkeeper's wife, a serving girl who I knew had magical talent.

Now she is carrying quadruplets who will all be battle mages. Do you know how rare multi-births are to elves? One set in a hundred or more births. We have identified over twelve sets. What they all have in common was contact with me. In discussions like this one. In fact, my cleric Doc has not identified a single birth pregnancy since working with me. Two sets of those twins are in my twin wives."

I look at my security detail, "Show of hands, how many are having or your spouse is having twins or more?" They all raised their hands. "Just one of the reasons I have their loyalty on top of keeping them alive. While still rushing into danger."

I backed away from the Princess who looks at me quite a bit differently, "Did you foresee your father's death?"

I shook my head, "The night of my wedding. The Lady of Dreams said a lot of cryptic things. She told my father to stay out of the deep roads, he would die and lose his sword. She said my mother was dead and had been for a long time. My father searched for her and ignored his children for years.

She took his Moon Blade from him and gave it to me. Something not possible for a Moon Blade until after the wielder's death. She gave him a new sword. My father died here. Likely when he would have died in the deep roads. The only thing missing from his body was the sword given to him the night of my wedding by the Lady of Dreams.

So, a cryptic prophecy instead? Possibly. It did not keep my father from dying it just ensured he died here bringing me to you. I raised concerns about your father's safety several times. Even getting my Queen to talk with him in private to make him aware of the exact danger he faced.

You cannot change when you are fated to die. You have three clerics approaching the Palace grumbling about the order of events for tomorrow funeral. I will leave you to them while I make some communications."

She nodded and stared at me as I headed into the Ambassador's wing. We could hear the Clerics enter the hall shouting at each other about what should be the order of events. I entered the Ambassador's quarters. I pulled the crystal out, "Eldar what do you need?"
