 Silvertree Chronicles Book Two, Distant Storm

Synopsis: The son of Eldar Silvertree and Astria Crescent Moon. Sir Branar'Lortan 'Storm Wraith' Silvertree is sent to the Knights. What happens next challenges the Knights, the alliance, and the family while changing the face of the world. The Lich is at it again and now the stakes are even higher.

Inspired by multiple RPG universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Prologue

On Juna 8th 7025 an unnatural storm seemed to spring out of nowhere. Halfway between the Elven Capital and the town of Quatarsia. Eldar Silvertree tried to cast a teleportation to get his pregnant wives to safety. Staria rode forward toward him to gather. Before she could arrive, tragedy struck. One minute he was directing everyone to gather and then next he was knocked from his horse.

The flash of light and deafening crack of the bolt coursed through them. His wife Staria jumped from her horse and kneeled over the lifeless body of her sister who took the brunt of the lightning strike. A young elf-blooded mage named Will Yellow Leaf came bolting from the back of the formation with Sharlo "Doc" Stormcloud right behind him.

Will had cast a tiny shelter and they quickly helped to move the two bodies inside as the storm worsened. Doc found no pulse on Astria. Her silver hair soaked but singed, and her fingertips blackened and covered with the burnt flesh from her dead horse. He moved his hands to her stomach as she was not far from giving birth and he felt movement.

He worked quickly, he extracted the children from the mother's corpse. The one son was nothing but a fried husk of an infant. The other son looked small but healthy. The irises of his eyes are strange as they are a swirl of gray with a hint of blue every few seconds. Staria cried at the loss of her sister.

Eldar got up on unsteady knees. He looked over at Doc. He looked at what he had done. The loss of his first wife and that of his first child. He held his new son with trembling arms as he slumped to the ground and wept over the child. His other wife Staria hugging him tightly.

Staria looked at Eldar, "I don't know why she had to die! She would be happy that at least one of her children survived. I will help raise him. He is my nephew. I am the best one to let him know all about his mother."

Eldar looked at her, "The strike was not meant for her. It was meant for me. The Lich returned. He meant to kill me! Instead, he has made me suffer yet again after killing my father. He has had his taste of revenge and now he has moved well out of my reach. Killing him is not my destiny, it belongs to him now. To Branar'Lortan Silvertree. Astria's son.

I beg everyone. Do not tell him of this. Let it come when the time is right and he is powerful enough. Knowing too much about his destiny could cause him to seek it out before he is ready."

Staria cried, "Did you know Astria was going to die?!"

Eldar shook his head, "No, these visions do not always come to me in advance. Some visions like this are after the fact. Our son will be a powerful Battle Mage. Frighteningly powerful. He will be with us for a while, and then he will decide it is time to move onto his own path. We have to let him. Help him in whatever way he asks. We cannot interfere in letting him bring this evil to an end."

Everyone nodded to Eldar as they waited for the storm to pass. Twelve years later and Branar started manifesting powers. Still a toddler by human standards but for everyone's safety he was raised at the new Academy in Quatarsia but visited frequently by his family, at least initially. Family member visits become less frequent except for Staria.

He graduated by the time he was forty but was not considered an adult. He was not allowed to participate in the war that his Elder sister was fighting in. Older by days but she was considered an adult. That drove another wedge between him and his father. He had no place so he stayed on to help teach until he reached adulthood at the age of seventy-five.

He immediately joined the Gray Blades to get some field experience under his belt. Due to his name and the way the officers looked over him he feels more of a prisoner at Fort Ash than he did at the Academy. His time at Fort Ash was relatively quiet that first year. While at Fort Ash on Feba 7th 7101 One of the last of two mother's he really knew, Charlemagne, passed away in her sleep back at the Keep.

The home felt fractured. It had for years. His father married two wives and then four more. Since then he had watched them die off one after the other. Three including his own mother died in the first five years of marriage. Now only Staria remained. On Seta 14th 7101 He felt like he escaped from the prison of Fort Ash. He was finally allowed to pick up 'a patrol' outside of the fort. He got assigned to do a couple of 'routine' caravan patrols.

The second patrol he was on had an extra two dozen dwarven 'guards' headed to the Elven Capital. He rode on the northern point forward scout when the attack hit the caravan. They were exactly midway between two towers. Sixty black armored orcs armed with crossbows opened fire from the edge of the tree line into the nearest group of riders. The attack killed two of six wagon drivers driving on the three wagons. Six of the twelve draft horses used on the wagons fell.

That brought all three wagons to a grinding halt. Five dwarves, five Elven Warhorses, and three Gray Blades fell in the first volley. The attack was precise and devastating. Branar wheeled his horse Zea'Trans and headed into the fray when he saw the second row of archers lightening flaming arrows deeper in the trees. Just as the front orcs pulled back trying to draw fighters away from the cover of the wagons.

He extended his staff and let loose a chain lightning into the distant archers. The woods exploded with electricity. A few secondary explosions caused by small barrels of oil and trees exploding over the area. He quickly followed up with a fireball into the devastation. Laying waste to everything another ten feet deeper into the woods. Seeing the remaining forces regrouping he launched another chain lightning.

He destroyed several more rows of trees which exploded. Some traveled almost a hundred feet in the air. Several bolts came flying at him between each spell he threw. All bolts and arrows were deflected by the magical saddle all Silvertree siblings had that blocked normal missile attacks. He yelled, "Everyone! Take cover on the far side of the wagons!" He launched in yet another fireball.

That incinerated anything that might have survived the first three shots of magic. The dwarves who had been charging forward turned when they saw the first set of trees explode from chain lightning. The spells caught the attention of both watchtowers which sent up the alerts. Squads were deployed from both locations and from the fort toward the site of the battle.

Branar rallied the men to the far side of the wagons as friend and foe moved away from the destruction he laid down. He ensured the protection of the surviving men from any more ranged fire. He waited for the reinforcements to arrive. It took several hours to ensure the scene was secured and the scouts were satisfied that the area was in fact secure. The forest along this edge of the border had grown closer to Gray Blade territory for years.

In large part due to the Silvertree seeds than spread over the area from Silvertree Woods. It took most of the afternoon to get the wagons moving again. More workhorses were brought in from town to replace the ones killed. The wagons could not be moved without the additional horses due to the nature of the cargo.

A wagon filled with adamantine ore and two filled with mithril ore was bound to the elven smiths in the Elven Capital. The dwarves were in awe of the caster that saved them from a well planned and executed ambush that killed a hundred eight orcs and seventy-four ogres. The largest 'peacetime' combat in years. Years away from the next predicted war.

The pattern of wars in the area showed that another was not due for another thirty to fifty years. The units were not piece mailed but all of the armor and weapons had them pegged as some sort of elite unit. Designed to scout and ambush. They obviously did not know the cargo. They would have tried to seize the materials instead of stranding the wagons.

His sister arrived and did an assessment for her father who was in the Capital at the Palace. Being a General in training she could have ordered her brother off the caravan escort. Given the trust, the dwarves had in this caster they did not pull him from the field. He might be a Lieutenant Silvertree the dwarves just called him Lieutenant Storm Wraith. The name stuck even among the Gray Blades.

He was ordered to escort the shipment to the Capital. To report to the Palace and give a report in person to the Queen upon his arrival. Commander Goldeagle asked what it was he had cast. Branar listed out the spells he had cast and in what order. The commander simply shook his head. He looked at young Branar, "I have cast twice as many spells into such a small area and never cause as much damage."

Seven days later he arrived at the capital and with three of the dwarven 'guards' was escorted to the Palace. He reported on his actions and spells used. He gave them the body count. The Queen would have fallen off her throne if not for the fact she had already been given these numbers. Little did Branar know one of the fallen was a Dwarven noble.

The three other dwarves that went to the Palace with him were dwarven noble gem merchants. They had been saved by his quick and decisive action in protection of the convoy. The shipment was vital for ongoing efforts on the battlefield with the drow to the northwest of the kingdom. For his efforts on that day he was awarded a medal for heroism. He was knighted like his father had been many years ago.

Another Medal for heroism was awarded to the Gray Blade Mercenary unit for its continued dedication and service in support of the Kingdom and passed to the unit thru his father. This was the seventh time the unit award was given. His father had insisted on a unit award for the actions that occurred the first time the Queen bestowed the award. His father could not deny him this small bit of personal glory.

Not with the destruction of so many enemy troops single-handedly. His papers identifying him as a Knight called him out as Branar'Lortan 'Storm Wraith' Silvertree, Knight Protector of the Elven People. One of three of Eldar Silvertree's children knighted out of thirty-one offspring. His 'elder' sister being one of them.

Staria, his step-mother, and aunt died on Mia 26th 7106. She was killed in the family keep by poisoned food. The food was destined for Eldar but he was not the only target. All of the food in the Keep was poisoned. Six guards and several townspeople were killed when hit by poisoned blades and crossbow bolts. Doc identified the poison as a necrotic poison. Designed to destroy flesh. Utilized by orc and ogre assassins. The assassin(s) escaped the Keep.

On Febra 27th 7017 six of his siblings Branus, Dolus, Helia, Milas, Violoa, and Zandem Silvertree formed the Spirit of Silver Adventuring Group. In honor of the common biological mothers and the grandfather they never knew. They departed with little fanfare and no notice. Growing up in the Academy Storm Wraith did not form the same emotional attachment to most of his siblings.

Most of the siblings saw him as the child who survived and an extreme danger. They did not tell him goodbye. On Serita 3rd 7017, In a whirlwind arrangement, Eldar Silvertree remarried six new wives. Branar'Lortan had never met the new brides and was traveling at the time. Thankful to know the consorts would be gone.

He was in the dwarven lands acting as an ambassador for the Gray Blades. He was attempting to increase dwarven recruitment. Two days later he was contacted to teleport home immediately by his sister. His father was dead. An assault team of Ogres dressed in all black armor led by an Ogre General who appeared to have been a champion to an opposing deity died in the exchange.

He was home within minutes and to the scene of the carnage in less than an hour. His father and armor all but destroyed in the attack. The explosion left a gaping hole that once was his father's chest. His body was identified by the gear he wore. Hundreds of bodies enemy and allied lied strung across the ground as they sorted through the dead.

Commander Tranona arrived at the battle just as the final blows were struck and splinters of wood took out his right eye and had knocked him unconscious. The next three days were spent combing through the debris trying to locate the family blade and to set up a burial site for his father. Branar started having visions which caused him to leave the area. They led him to the base of a large Silvertree.

The visions told him it was time to seize his destiny. Even that was vague. It did not tell him to take the sword only showed him the location. His life was not with the Gray Blades. That much was clear. Branar flew up into the tree and found the sword buried hilt deep into the side of the tree thirty feet in the air.

His father had talked about visions and to have faith when they came. He told all of his children about this. He was not sure if it was a responsibility he wanted to carry, especially if his destiny was to leave. He finally made a decision.

Branar Silvertree's Saga

I returned to Zea'Trans leaving the sword embedded in the tree. I sighed and spoke to myself, "I cannot go based off of faith alone. How do I know these visions are true? Father had a Lich in his mind as well. He spoke of it to me more than once. If my fate is with the blade and I refuse it what happens? I needed to talk with the only family member who might understand the issues."

I rode back to the destruction and I thought to myself. "If it is meant to be then she will know it as she should get a vision to confirm it. Else the blade could stay in place until someone decides they are worthy." I headed back to the destruction and found my sister. The New Commanding General of the Gray Blades with my father's passing.

"I need your help. You are the only one I can talk to about this. It deals with destiny. Something you know more about than I do."

She turned her horse, "Nobody can tell you your destiny."

I sneered at her, "Not even a god directing Father or you?"

She sat back and thought about my statement, "What do you want to talk about?"

I waved for her to follow me and I led her to the tree. I looked at her, "I found father's sword. It is thirty feet above us. A vision led me here. Told me it was my destiny. To find it or wield it, it did not say."

She looked up and saw the hilt sticking out of the tree. She looked at me, "So what do you want me to do?"

I looked at her, "I always assumed the sword would end up in your hands. I am not a Blade Singer. I am a caster, unlike any that came before me that I know of. I know spells and am able to cast them without studying them while I can still prepare spells. Father ensured I trained in long swords and staves. With you no less. Do you know why? I have to know who or what I am before I can even consider making a commitment to that blade."

She looked at me, "You may not like the answer."

I shrugged, "Ignorance is not always bliss."

She sighed, "Wait here and I will get Doc. He can help with divination. I know what I have been told when you joined our ranks. But it would be better to get it straight from the source."

She rode off and about an hour later returned with Doc who looked upset, "I was asked by your father to never reveal too much about your destiny."

I nodded, "I am not asking about my destiny, in as far as what I am supposed to do. I want to know what I am."

He sighed. "Can you be more specific?"

I yelled at Doc, "You are being deliberately obtuse! I should not be able to do some of the things I do! I know why father had this going on! Being a Champion of a god! What am I that I can wield a sword, prepare spells and can spontaneously cast, unlike other wizards?"

He looked at me, "I do not think I can help you."

I looked at him, "A vision lead me here to my father's sword thirty feet in the air in the side of this tree. Telling me it is my destiny. To find it, wield it, or both? Your deity is the Lady of Dreams. Divination is your area. Are you going to do it or do I leave it here?"

Doc looked agitated and finally relented, "I cannot guarantee results."

I sighed, "I cannot guarantee I will not ride off and leave it!"

Doc went to make a move and a voice echoed out from behind me, "You do not need to cast anything Doc."

He looked over, "Bow to the Lady of Dreams!"

I turned to her and gave her a bow. We were all on horseback but even the horses bowed. She looked over and sighed, "The decision is yours to take the blade or not."

I looked at her, "That was not my question. I wanted to know what I am? Why can I send trees up like a fireball went off in the middle of them? Why do people fear what I can do? I am not a mage or sorcerer. I am some sort of twisted hybrid! Tell me I am wrong?"

She walked over, "The magical energy you contain is more than anyone body should hold. For lack of a better term, you are an Arcane Gestalt. You have two names Branar and Lortan. One was yours and one was for your brother. Your future children may produce gestalts with the same or different classes.

You are one mind but you have the magical abilities of yourself and your dead sibling. Fused into you by the storm and encased in the magic and love of your mother. Your father taught you how to use sword, ride, and acrobatics for the day you would claim the sword. He saw this as your future. Your magical abilities starting so young. The best definition they could give you was Battle Mage.

That just touched the surface of what you can do. You did not fit any mold. You still do not and you will never fit any mold. You have the best of the wizard and Storm Born sorcerer with melee skill in the sword. You have spells that can make you fight like a fighter. You have a destiny that will eventually lead you to find and kill the one your father could not. The sword could aid you greatly.

As it aided your father in not succumbing to the Lich's invasion of his mind. Your father's faith in the gods wavered over the years with the loss of each wife and child. He never lost devotion to his people. He never lost faith in the ability of his children to succeed."

She smiled at me, "I see your mind is set and determined now. Know you will hear me, but this will be the only time we shall see each other in this life. I had hoped your father would have had this discussion with you. Live well and do not forget to find love."

I bowed to the Lady. When I raised my head, she was gone. My sister sat there waiting for Doc to do something," Doc are you going to help him?"

I shook my head and looked at Doc who was white as a ghost. Even more, so that his complexion was normally.

I looked at my sister, "The Lady of Dreams has already spoken. The message was to me and Doc apparently."

Doc nodded, "I heard but was unable to speak after her arrival."

I flew up from Zea'Trans to the sword. I focus my determined mind. I extended my hand and grabbed the hilt of the sword. My mind felt like it was being invaded and set on fire. I fought the intrusion and a voice rang out in my mind.
