 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind. Only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

Inspired by multiple RPG gaming universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Authors note: This story does have scenes dealing with an incestual sexual encounter between sisters. If that is not something you wish to read then you have the wrong story. Originally released as Chapters 26-35. Broken apart to help with editing and to make each section the size of a novella or novel instead of two novels.

Chapter 30 No Plan is Perfect

I walked back to the group, "Back to the stables. Captain New Moon, you are in charge of getting the detail back into our territory. I will be leaving immediately with Blaze and my apprentices once we have our horses."

The Captain nodded and we hurried back through the town and to the stables and I look to the Warrior Guild Leader, "Another crisis somewhere. I have to return. Please let the King know I appreciate his time and I am sorry it was so brief."

He nodded, "Starting to sound like a diplomat."

I chuckled, "My father is the diplomat. I maneuver battlefields, not royal courts."

We got the horses mounted up and I had them pull up as close to me as possible. I cast my spell and I was on the front lawn of the royal palace with both of my apprentices and Blaze.

I look at them, "Another spell I will teach you when you are ready. You will have it in your book long before you are ready.

I rode forward to the groom, "The Queen said she would get a couple of royal guards to escort my two appreciates to House Silvertree. Let them know they are my apprentices. They need access to the training ground to work on sword and bow skills. Also, and the stables to take care of their own horses. Do not forget your reading assignments."

My apprentices nodded at the indirect direction.

I looked at them, "Wait here for your escort. Blaze you are with me."

I rode up to the door and dismount, "I do not know how long I will be here. I was called back immediately by the Queen."

I headed up to the palace and walked in. The Captain of the guard seemed to be surprised.

I looked at him, "I was summoned by the Queen can you take me to her?"

He nodded and took me up to a familiar conference room and I knew a lot of the faces in here including our dragon friends. Right after I enter the wall closed up.

Jarron looked over, "Everything went wrong in Grand Falls. The Human King is dead as is the Wizard. There is now a power vacuum as there are three different factions of the royal family attempting to gain control."

I nodded, "So the other approach did not work. How many dead?"

Jarron sighed, "Best guess is we lost twenty agents including two captains who were some of our best casters. It apparently turned into an all-out wizard war in the middle of the chamber. That does not count nobles in court at the time or civilian. The wizard got tipped off by either a ward or a spy of his own when we hit the caches."

I nodded, "We need them stable and honoring their agreements. Have we secured everything? Are the funds still in Dragon hands?"

Lord Regal looked at me, "We went ahead and secured everything from the sites so they would not be used against each other."

I nodded, "Well that is one less worry. The Queen was distraught when she called me. Where is she?"

Jarron sighed, "She is resting, the King was a good friend to her."

I slammed a chair across the room, "I know the Dragons position. I know what I am currently tied up doing. My question is what are the Knights doing to minimize this conflict and quickly?"

Jarron walked across, "Currently nothing. We do not have more forces in the area to effect any change. There is more we have yet to say." He paused for a few seconds before speaking. "We believe your father is among the dead. We just do not know anymore as everything from the city has gone dark."

I looked at him, "The ambassador?"

He nodded, "That is how we have what information we have."

I thought for a moment, "Is he a caster?"

He nodded, "Yes he is a caster." I took a seat, "I need the Queen to sign a diplomatic order authorizing me to go to Grand Falls. I need your ambassador to teleport back here and I will put on a diplomatic hat and find out what I can about my father. While there I can look things over. I need six men from my detail here that you were going to take.

Time for them to get another mission. They can act as my guard. Without more insight your planning blind."

Lord Regal looked at Jarron, "He would be operating in your area?"

I shook my head, "Technically no, His men will be but I am recognized as a Duke by all three allies for that section of the border. I would be on a diplomatic fact-finding mission for our Queen. I know how to play in the gray areas as well."

Jarron chuckled, "I will go speak with the Queen if she agrees you got your men."

I nodded, "Blaze go with him. The Queen will want to see you. This is one mission you will not be going on. Don't forget Charlemagne, she will kick both our asses. Send a messenger. She may already be on her way if my apprentices arrived."

Blaze looked at me, "Why?"

I looked at him, "This is not a Gray Blades matter. Your position in the Knight's is tied to this location, the Queen needs your support, and she would kick my ass if I took you. She specifically made it clear she did not want you in Grand Falls. When and if she goes back for any funeral in the future, we will see if she has you are a part of that detail. This one is on me. I had no details other than she needed me back. She was distraught. I thought she could use your support."

He sighed and nodded. Jarron nodded, "I will take care of that too."

Jarron walks off with Blaze and the doorway opens up. Lord Regal walked over as I backed away from the chair I was using. "You would make a lousy Dragon because of your patience. I will say your ideas even in a crisis like this is a wonder to watch."

I nodded, "I thank the Gods you cannot try and make me a dragon to go with everything else people are throwing at me."

Lord Regal chuckled. "Things go well with the Dwarves?"

I nodded, "I got an unexpected hand from a couple of dwarven sappers who happened to be in the hall when I spoke with the warriors. That went a long way to shutting down the questions."

He nodded," I had nothing to do with that but I am glad they took the time."

Jarron walked back in with Charlemagne who rushed into my arms. "What happened?!"

I looked at her "All went bad in Grand Falls. All the hell's broke loose." I looked at Jarron. "Are we a go?"

Charlemagne looked at me, "A go for what?"

I looked at her, "To find out if my father is dead and if so, recover his body. The human King and the wizard are also supposed to be dead. There is a power struggle going on."

Charlemagne looked at me, "We are walking into that!?"

I nodded, "Jarron has no forces and I have diplomatic status and it is my father. I have a few reasons to be there and to assess the situation. You should not go given the variables of your condition. You could become a liability if we face any heavy combat."

She shook her head, "Better with you than without you."

I kissed her tenderly. "Would that be for the love we share or the love for your unborn children? I can do this one without you at my side. If I am walking into a firefight trying to save my father or recover his body while protecting my wife might prove too much of a challenge. I need to focus on this task. I have no idea of the force or forces we could encounter."

She frowned at me but nodded, "Only because I need you need to be focused and this is bad enough."

I looked over at Jarron, "Now Jarron, you going to answer my question?"

He nodded, "The Queen has agreed. She wants you out of there if any problems crop up."

I nodded, "Like I will have any control over that."

Jarron chuckled, "I sent for the lieutenant and the squad you want. The ambassador will be here in five or six hours."

I nodded, "Enough time to sleep and regain and change a couple of spells."

I moved over to a wall in the room and slid down. Jarron looked at me, "You can have a room."

I shook my head, "If my father is laying on a floor dead somewhere, I have no reason to be comfortable until his body is recovered."

Charlemagne slid in behind me. I got a few hours of sleep in her arms even in the noisy room. I awoke and changed a couple of spells around. I looked for and finally met the elven ambassador. Charlemagne knew him. I walked up, "Eldar Silvertree."

The Ambassador looks at me, "You are the one going?"

I nodded, "You could go by my title Duke Silvertree if you prefer. A lot has changed."

He shook his head in disbelief and then nodded, "Any other big surprises?"

I nodded, "You know one of my wives Charlemagne Silvertree, Duchess."

He sighed, "Very well, why did you want me to bring you in?"

I nodded, "I have a small group of guards going with me and diplomatic papers. You have a place for us to emerge from. I cannot do that on the street after all."

He nodded, "Very well, gather around."

I looked at Jarron, "Stay near Lord Regal with the Queen having issues I might be calling you for assistance."

He nodded. We got everyone into a group and we found ourselves in a room that would rival the Queens private bedroom.

I look at him, "Where are we?"

He smiled, "My quarters in the royal palace. You can try and deal with the two guards at the door. They have been uncooperative so far."

I nodded, "I walked to the door and opened it. The two guards were stunned to see me. I walked out and they yelled, "Halt you cannot leave your room!"

I looked at him, "Under whose authority are you acting to block a diplomatic envoy of the Elven Queen? I am also a Duke, so be respectful!"

The guard was taken back, "We did not know an envoy would be showing?"

I smirked, "We have a missing elven diplomat who happens to be my father. You take me to the scene of the battle or where the bodies are being held. NOW!"

The guards looked at me and the group with me. They knew they are outnumbered nine to two and we were geared for war."

He sighed, "Follow me. He walked us down to the main throne room and I could hear the arguing from here. I look at the doors and the guard went to knock and I push them open to see four separate groups of people gathered.

I looked around, "Given the current state of affairs here I will forgo the question of who is in charge here. I am Duke Silvertree I am on a diplomatic envoy for the Elven Queen as one of the people missing is my father. You can bitch about me being here, honor your treatises, or attack. Either way, I want to see my father or recover his body if he is dead."

The room went eerily quiet, "If you know the location of my father or the dead from this fucking catastrophe then would you find an escort to take us there. While we are waiting, I would like introductions from the four leaders here."

One man raised his hand, "Our group are scholars trying to determine who has the authority to rule."

I sighed, "You have your books?"

He nodded, "Yes"

I looked at him, "A Kingdom that needs 44,967 pages on the rules of the country with 817,683 major paragraphs would run into this issue. Turn to the last page and fact check me."

He opened the last page and looked things over and looked back, "You have read this?"

I nodded, "Yes I have, now where is my father."

The scholar I was speaking with led me off to a small room stacked with dead bodies. My father was at the top of the pile. I looked to my men, "Please pull my father from this tangled mess of bodies. Any other elves here?"

He shook his head, "The ambassador fled when the first fireball exploded. He was right in front of me."

I looked at my guards, "Take him to the ambassador's quarters."

I walked back with the scholar and he looked at me, "Do you know the details of that document?"

I waited until I was in the middle of the room.

I turned to him, "I have it memorized along with several hundred other books. Because that is what is written a very boring book."

The scholar smiled, "Could you help us resolve this dispute?"

The three men on one side stand start protesting. I looked at him, "I will not tell you what to do but I can direct you to the relevant sections. If you have specific questions."

The guy shut up for the moment. Then asked, "How do we know you will not try and trick us?"

I sighed, "I was on my out. Leaving with my father when I was stopped and asked to help you. I did not come here to interfere. If you want to know who I would likely support, then all you have to do is give me your stance on existing laws and treaties."

The guy scoffed, "Because I want to do away with all of the treaties and start over you would not support me."

I glared at him and his two stooges and turn to the other two groups. "Who are you or who do you represent would be better?"

One of them stepped forward, "I represent the King's daughter, she would continue his reign."

The scoffing guy yelled, "She is not old enough to rule. She will not be old enough for two years!"

The third man steps forward, "I am awaiting orders, I represent the military but we are ill-equipped to rule the country."

I looked at the man who was standing there scoffing at me, "What is your position. What title do you hold?"

He looks at me "Why?"

I look at him, "It goes toward your validity to make a claim."

He looked at me, "I am Baron Fieldright the third."

I nodded, "No Dukes here beside me?"

He shook his head and looked at me, "You are an elven Duke."

I walked over to the scholars, "Would you please review my papers please."

He read through the papers, "This says he is a recognized Duke in the Dwarven, Elven, and the Human Kingdom. He is also a field marshal for the Human Northern Army when deployed."

I took my papers back from him and put them away, "I will ask again. Where are the Dukes?!"

He grunted, "They are dead, died in the firefight. The heirs are trying to get their own house in order, let alone a Kingdom. I am the only one with experience."

I looked at the representative for the Princess, "Would you have her join us please."

I looked at the Baron, "You ready to surrender your claim to the throne?"

He glared at me, "NO!"

I look to the others behind him, "You are all supporting his claim?"

They all nodded and smirk at me.

I nodded, "Page 20,712 start at the top of the page as it is all relevant and then summarize it for the Barron and the General.

The Scholar looks at the General, "Anyone who attempts to overthrow the throne is subject to immediate arrest and either life imprisonment or death."

I looked at his group, "Last chance to change your mind before the Princess arrives."

They all stood firm.

The Princess arrived with thirty royal guards and a few military members. I look at the scholars, "Read page 27,806." I look at the Princess. "I am Duke Silvertree you might have heard of me. I just recovered the body of my father from this bloodbath. It is my understanding you wish to continue your father's reign."

She nodded, "Yes. I have heard of you."

I looked at her, "There is one formality I need you to do and that is to call for a royal conclave. Scholars summarize the page in question."

The Baron yelled at me "She cannot rule!"

I looked at him, "I have not asked her to rule. I asked her to follow your own procedure. Which requires the highest member of the royal family to call for a royal conclave. To settle any and all disputes in regards to succession. There is no age limit on this requirement."

She looks at the Scholars who finished reading the page now and they nodded their agreement.

She looked at me, "Then as the only Royal Heir to survive this atrocity I ask for a royal conclave."

I nodded to the Princess and then looked at the general, "As the senior Ranking Noble of age in the room, I order you to arrest the Barron and his cohorts. The charges of attempting to overthrow the crown. They have no valid claim as such what they are doing is considered a coup punishable by death. All titles and land are stripped from them and their heirs.

This is by your own laws. No trial is required as they have admitted to doing, conspiring, and refused to relinquish the false claim. The order is to be carried out by either the senior general or head of the palace guard if they are still alive. I assume you are a general?"

He looked at the scholars who confirmed the rule of law. I look at him, "My authority as a Field Marshal does not extend this far. It is only when troop are deployed to your northern border. That makes you the senior military officer here.

Any member of your group who attempts to draw a weapon will be disintegrated on the spot! You do not get to where I am without having the power to back it up."

The General's men swooped in quickly. While I was being cursed at and they were being taken away.

"She still cannot rule!" One of them shouted out.

I looked at who was left. "By your laws at a royal conclave, the Dukes or higher in attendance nominate and vote on a successor if there is a succession order claim. The problem is your document with all of its size does not cover this situation. This is what put your scholars in a bind.

I am recognized as a Duke in all three allied Kingdoms. I run the only cross-border protection force on your northern border. While of age and title I could rule but the people would hardly accept an elven ruler over them. I cannot rule your country and nobody here of age can rule.

As such a consensus has to be reached as to what to do. I am the only voting member present of age. Your father's Military adviser is fairly new I take it?" She nodded. "Do you have a member of the royal treasury here?"

She pointed, "The highest member to survive. He was fourth in line." He is alive but very near death."

I nodded, "I request a short recess to confer with my Queen on this matter, please wait here."

I moved away pulled the crystal for Lord Regal, "Get Jarron and Charlemagne on with you. We have my father's body but I was asked to help resolve the issue as I knew the content of their laws. The laws do not cover this situation. I need to know what human agents you have in the area that can act as advisers for military, diplomatic, and economic issues here?"

I waited for Lord Regal and Jarron replied, "We have a few retired agents in the city that can fill those roles. Why?"

I sighed, "A royal conclave was called, I requested it from the Princess as the only surviving member of the royal family. I am the only one here with a Duke status and the Princess is too young to rule according to the local laws on the books.

The only option I have, other than trying to run a human country myself which would never be accepted, is to appoint an interim government until the Princess is of legal age. I am asking for humans who can work on a human problem. Can you get them here in an hour?"

Jarron muttered, "Yes, I got an agent in the area I can communicate with and they can round them up."

I sighed, "Thank you. Please inform the Queen of the fate of my father. Leave notification of his death to my brother to me on my return. I also ordered, again based on their laws, the immediate execution on the Baron and his cohorts and seizing of all titles and assets. For planning a coup."
