 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

*** Inspired by multiple RPG gaming universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Authors note: This story does have scenes dealing with an incestual sexual encounter between sisters. If that is not something you wish to read then you have the wrong story. Originally released as Chapters 17-25. Broken apart to help with editing and to make each section the size of a novella or novel instead of two novels.

Chapter 21 Filling the Ranks

Most of the crowd was either in shock, placated, or mildly curious but afraid to come up on the stage. A few well-wishers came up. Several congratulations were shouted. I saw a High-elf walking on the stage with two of his bodyguards and he walked over to me. "Congratulations Grand Master, it is true you will not be training apprentices here at the Academy?"

I nodded, "I will be busy building a town while overseeing the raising of the Gray Blades. I will be training apprentices in the field with me in actual combat at times."

He smiled, "I have a possible apprentice for you to look at. He is of age and was not well suited for Academy life but has the potential to be a fine Blade Singer with the right instructor."

I nodded to him, "Give me a moment."

I walk over to Annette and Charlemagne, "My lovely wives I am afraid I must leave you for a little while to check on that possible apprentice. Remember the vision storm spoke of this."

They each kissed me. I walk over to Tranosa, "Still mad at me Captain?"

Keyno giggled as Tranosa looked at me, "You did put me on the spot in front of a large audience no less. I should kick your ass just for that, but I have to ask why me?"

I smiled, "Like myself being thrust into the role I have been given. I see an elf who looks after the safety of others as I do. My question to you is why should it not be you? We both know you have the skill, that leaves desire. Did I desire to be the Knight Champion? No. Sometimes difficult things are thrust on great men. I saw that sword and your name was the only one that came to mind.

If that was the goddess whispering it to me or seeing some of myself in you. Does not matter. Besides, you have a family on the way and now a legacy to pass along to them as you rebuild your family name. As a Captain, you will make more. You have more children coming than any other member of the team except myself and Charlemagne. We are both Commanders."

He nodded, "I do like the fact you think that much of me."

I smiled, "I told everyone I was looking at getting us a Captain."

I looked for Guard New Moon, "I have to go are you joining me?"

He nodded, "Let us see what kind of trouble you get us into."

I went back over to our Gold-elf, "You never gave me a name?"

He looks at "Fladius Goldbar, my family runs the banking in the kingdom."

I nodded, "The banking staff was great when I was there, I wish I could have said the same for your stable staff."

He looks up and smiled, "You must have been the one who had a staff member smacked with a riding crop! How I would've loved to see that."

I smiled, "Nobody attempts to strike or take T'suras without suffering for it."

I yelled out, "T'suras Unta."

A few seconds later T'suras joined us on stage and stopped. I looked at him, "We are ready when you are." He seems surprised that my horse was on stage with us. "He is a warhorse and will fight if provoked. Where shall we gather, the field below work for everyone?"

Nods came from all the way around. I jumped up on my horse and I saw a few archers talked with Keyno, and the two fighters talked with Tiger. "T'suras Biana..." I look at the edge of the stage, "T'suras Yesa (Jump/Leap)." T'suras sprang forward and jumped off the stage into the field a good twenty feet away.

We caught a few stares as I sat there in the field circling waiting for the others to arrive. I saw a moon-elf approaching.

Karti'Ros, "The other Moon Blade approaches."

I faced in his direction "T'suras Vita Kata" as T'suras bows before him.

I smiled, "Instructor Moon Bow, how are you and your sword doing today? T'suras Ota."

He smirked, "Moon Blade tell you?"

I shook my head, "My sword told me it sensed the blade."

He nodded, "Well, I will be joining your effort."

I nodded, "I was told you would once you became aware the threat was real. Before you ask, premonitions. I have been having a lot of them like the man approaching me is going to lead me to my first apprentice."

He shook his head, "I cannot say I pictured this future for you."

I chuckled, "I did not choose it. By the way the fourth will join us on the road south, catching up to us as she traveled from the other side of the world, or will be in the next few days. She is with house Silver Moon."

He looked at me, "Other side of the world?"

I nodded, "The Far East heading into the Chow Toh providence. Right about now thanking me for sending the warning that kept her off a boat that was destroyed. Sent her to a magical portal, she is expected."

He shook his head, "I will see you with Moon Blade."

I nodded as my escorts arrived. "T'suras Biana." I followed them out. I looked to Guard New Moon, "What did you think of today's briefing to the masses? Enjoy it? Have you talked with your black-haired raven?"

He nodded, "Yes to both."

I looked to him, "How many men are under a captain here?"

He shrugged, "Why?"

I smirked, "The Queen gave us a revised charter, we can recruit up to six hundred I am thinking I will end up with six captains with four lieutenants under each captain and four sergeants under each lieutenant.

That works out to five or six-man groups for caravan protection and we can increase by doubling or tripling the patrols."

He shook his head, "Your numbers are off."

I smiled, "Not really they are just conservative. I have ten lieutenant trainers who will pull patrols at random to do the evaluation in the field. Units that are on stand down will have a week of refresher training as well as bring in any new tricks they learn. Then a week off, then six weeks of patrols or caravan duty.

Those ten lieutenants report directly to Charlemagne. I will be on the same patrol schedule except for the retraining as I will be training every day with my apprentices in the field and jumping from one patrol to another. How many men do you oversee?"

He grumbled a bit "Four, I use to have twenty. I stepped on the wrong toes."

I smirked, "What did you do?"

He sighed, "I fell in love with a black-haired Raven that a higher-ranking officer wanted. He tried to make me look less desirable."

I nodded, "You got busted to sergeant over love." I smiled at him. "My kind of officer, sticking with the one or two you love in my case. Even if it cost you. Where would you be by now?"

He shrugged, "I should be a captain, the lieutenant they replaced me with became a captain. You met her."

I nodded, "I felt something going on between you two." We finally got to the front door of his Goldbar's home. "T'suras Vita."

I dismount and follow them in. someone went to grab the reins, of my horse. I look at him, "If you value your life you will leave T'suras right where he is. He will try to kill you if you try to take him."

Goldbar waved the guy off as he turned to me, "You have that horse very well trained how long have you had him?"

I smiled, "He has never been trained in a formal sense and never been broken we came to an understanding. He is more than a horse, he is T'suras. I have had him two days and have thirteen commands that work for him, even one to go and fuck his mares."

Goldbar "Two days!?"

I nodded, "He is T'suras I have never beat or kicked him. I figured out I could tell him to stay. I had no need to tie him up since discovering that. Remember my discussion about double crescents, he has it on his rear quarter. Nobody at the stable could get near the horse I had him saddled and rode out in thirty minutes. Talk with the stable master in the market if you like. Show me your candidate."

Goldbar smiled, "Back this way he prefers to practice in the garden though he has scorched up one with fire."

I nodded, "Who has been training him."

He kind of hesitated, "Many, fighter here and a wizard there. They do not stay long. They do not like his attitude."

I nodded, "Is he geared for travel with weapons and armor. Anything magical to protect him? If it goes well, he will need to be geared to be in combat."

He nodded, "I can arrange that."

I looked at him, "No heavy armor, it restricts movement."

We walked into the garden and he had a metal sword attacking a dummy. His father tried to get his attention and he just kept swinging away. I drew my sword, he turns to me and shot a scorching ray at me and it did nothing.

I smacked the sword out of his hands and kick it across the courtyard behind me. "Do I have your attention now?" I walked away to his practice dummy.

Eldar, "Karti'Ros Moon Fire."

I took the head right off the dummy in one fluid swing. "Who do you think I am?"

The kid shrugged, "Not one of the usual slugs my father brings me to beat on."

I nodded, "Tell me about your mother?"

He walked over to get his blade and I flipped over and stepped on it. "Answer my question."

He looked at me, "She was a Wood-elf who died giving birth to me."

I look at him, "Tell me her name?"

He looks at me "Tisa Strong Oak and I am Narius Strong Oak! He would never claim an impure mixed blood bastard like me."

I smirked at him, "Like me as well then, I am half Wood-elf and half-moon-elf. How often does he come to visit?"

He shrugged, "A couple of times a week sometimes more, sometimes less because he is traveling."

I glared at him, "Why are you angry at him?"

He glared at his father, "Because I am trapped here."

I nodded, "You have no mother, no connection to her previous life and no name to associate you with the father who is hiding you away. Grab your spell book and bring it here."

He walked off and came back with a nice neat, scripted spell book geared to a battle mage. I looked at him, "Did you write this?"

He shook his head. I nodded, "We are getting somewhere now." I put my sword away and picked the battered and beat up sword off the ground. "Pick a path, magic or the sword?"

He glared at me, "I want to do both."

I looked over at Guard New Moon, "Indulge and spar with the kid."

I turned to the kid, "He is a Royal Guard. No offensive magic just sword practice."

I looked at the father, "He needs something better than this piece of junk and I tossed the bent blade away. His father ran off and came back with another sword that was not bent to hell. "This is sparing, you hit an opponent with the flat of your blade only, if you hit them at all. Begin!"

The kid had strength and speed. He had a mix of styles from being shuffled through too many teachers. His style was shot. He did not land a single blow and the guard took it easy on him and only hit a couple of times. "OK stop. How old are you?"

He huffed a bit, "Fifty-five this Septa."

I look at him "Septa what date as well?"

He looks at me, "Fifth."

I looked at the father, "You have done him no favors in your choice of instructors; I saw at least six maybe seven styles in his sword work. It is a mess. Then you have a Battlemage come in with a prepared traveling spellbook that he did not transcribe himself!"

I looked at the boy, "Do you know anything about what goes on outside of this house?"

He shrugged, "Only what people talk about."

I asked him, "Give me an example of something you heard combat or magic related combat."

He thought for a moment, "The last thing I heard about was some guy winning five straight tournaments and running his opponent into the ground. A Blade Singer."

I looked at him, "That is what you aspire to be, a Blade Singer mixing magic with swordplay?"

He dropped his head, "Yes, but father won't allow me to go to the Academy to learn."

I nodded, "Let us get some facts straight. The Blade Singer won four in a row and is the only student to do so in the History of the Academy. His last match went for thirty minutes. he had watched his opponents matches. He saw a flaw where she overextended to win a match.

She threw herself off balance doing so. He never saw her have a match go past two minutes so he was fairly confident she did not have the endurance. He danced with his sword deflecting or dodging every move she made. He wore here down then did a feign. Made her think he slipped. Far enough away that she would have to overextend. She took the bait.

He did a nice acrobatic move and placed his blade at the back of her neck. By all rights, he should have graduated a Grand Master, that did not happen until today. That is when I was given my Grand Master ring. I am Grand Master Silvertree your father asked me to evaluate you for training and the first thing you try is setting me on fire?"

The boy looked at his father and turn five shades lighter. I looked at him, "You are angry and unfocused with the wrong spells to be a Blade Singer. Some will work but you are missing ever defensive spell that you should have. You have some strength. You know what you want you just do not know how to get there. Do you know the word sequester?"

The boy thought, "Not exactly."

I sighed, "How many books have you read in the last month?"

The boy shrugs, "Maybe half of one."

I look at the father, "You are asking me to take an undereducated, angry, undisciplined boy with me to train as a Blade Singer?"

The father turns white now, "I uh, I did not know about his lacking in education."

I looked at the boy, "Grab me that junk sword and bring it over here?"

He grabs the sword and brought it toward me. I grab his wrist and took the sword. I twisted him around and put him over my knee. I gave him five good swats on the ass with the flat of the blade. I stood him back up and asked him flat out, "Is that the first time anyone has spanked you?"

He nodded. I glared at him, "You think you have the determination? You could find the focus to become a Blade Singer?"

He looks at me, "I can find it."

I glared some more with skepticism, "To commit to thirty years of training and the rest of your life defending the elven people? All the people including your father and this family that has denied you their name? It is not just about skill and determination. Those values have to exist! We are talking about commitment to a way of life. You have to know you will do these things, put aside your anger, focus, listen and commit. You know this?"

The boy tried to stay calm looking at me through bloodshot eyes. Finally, with a bit of anger and a lot of determination, "Yes, I know I can do it."

I looked at him "Can do it, what about will do it? The word can better be followed with the word 'trip' as in cantrip. Else it should not be in your vocabulary."

The boy fought his anger and finally said. "Yes, I know I will succeed."

I looked him in the eye, "That is called determination! Keeping your anger in check! Acceptance of the fact you needed to be disciplined for your shameful lack of self-control!"

I looked at the father and screamed, "Get over here!"

He turned white. I saw his bodyguard start to move, "Guard New Moon, they enter this garden cut them down!"

I grabbed the father by the wrist and pull him over my lap. I gave him a good twenty swats when the junk sword snapped. I got the father to his feet, "I could have gotten away of beating you to within an inch of your life. I gave you a taste of what your son faces when and if he gets out of line with me! You want me to take him to train him here is what you are going to do."

I grabbed his son's hand and put their hands together, "You're going to get him the best elven chain armor you can find, the strongest ring of resistance, and the strongest ring of fire resistance. Then find the strongest longsword you can find. If it has command words you give them to me. I will decide when he is ready for them, and I said words, as in more than one thing.

You will buy the largest bag of holding you can get your hands on or empty one in your house! You will go the Academy and get the preferred reading material in combat, tactics, strategy, training horses, and the entire recommend reading material from years thirty to seventy-five for a Blade Singer, warrior, and battle-mage.

A dozen empty spell books quills and ink to fill them all. I have a very comprehensive library of spells because one of the first things I will do is incinerate the book he has at the moment. He did not do the work to put the spells in the book then he should not have the spells. Tomorrow you are TAKING your son with you!

His first exploration of this city should be done by his father! You have something scheduled then reschedule. I do not care if the King wants you! You need to be committed to this for the next three days and occasional support over the next thirty years. The day after tomorrow you are going to bring him to the market.

I have a very good sorcerer who can appraise if you have done what I have asked. I will be putting the spell in memory as well! The pain is about ninety percent done. You will go shopping for the essential gear he will need to survive in the wilderness. The day after, I will get Hunter or Skinner to help you with this.

While I walk your son over to the stable to find a warhorse, saddle, reins without a bit, the softest horse blanket they have. Then you can take him home for the night. Our wagon train will depart at first light. Be waiting for our arrival, if his gear is ready to go.

You are going to do these things not to buy your sons love but give him a fair chance of survival as we will encounter combat in our travels. Your failure to be a good father has put him at a disadvantage; one I will fix or break him trying. Do you agree to my terms?!"

The son nodded and the father started to hesitate. I cut him off, "Do not even go there about the cost not with a mansion like this and owning the bank."

He nodded in agreement. "Now after your apprenticeship, you will be brought into the Gray Blade mercenary company for thirty years, this is a paying job, you will see combat if you have not already and in the defense of the elven kingdom. Is this agreeable?"

They both nodded. "Now have your bodyguards get the Royal Guards horse brought up. Narius, time for bed, I will be working you sixteen hours a day for the foreseeable future. One more thing for you! Every year on his birthday you will deposit twenty thousand gold pieces until the day he dies into an account.

It will not buy a son's love, but it will give him more options for the future after the war. Set up the account so he can access it once he is seventy-five or older. You will put that in from the day he was born and set me as the second holder of his account. Agreed?"

He nodded. "Just so you know I do sword practice for eight hours a day in one-hour blocks. I was less pissed off than the day I did a four-hour stretch at once! Be happy the sword broke or I would still be spanking your ass."

He turned pale and nodded again. I looked over to New Moon, "We are done here, let us go over to the Silvertree Estate. See what kind of trouble I can start."

We headed out. I got on T'suras, "T'suras Biana" and we rode off.
