 Silvertree Chronicles Book One, The World Awaits

Synopsis: The life of Eldar Silvertree from graduation at the prestigious Elven Academy and desires to leave it behind; only to return full circle to shake Elven Society to the core.

*** Inspired by multiple RPG gaming universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. Published March 2019. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Authors note: This story does have scenes dealing with an incestual sexual encounter between sisters. If that is not something you wish to read then you have the wrong story. Originally released as Chapters 17-25. Broken apart to help with editing and to make each section the size of a novella or novel instead of two novels.

Chapter 24 To Catch the Spies

We got back to the village and I mounted up and the ladies looked at me, "Where are you going?"

I smiled, "To check on our men." I started riding back to the falls and the two of them joined me. We rode through the Wood-elf village to the sound of moaning. The one who tried to watch the ceremony was laid out.

Healers looked over him but his eyes had been burned from his skull. We did not stop as there was nothing, nothing I could say that would help. We got to the main road as the sun rose. We continued on as the activity started to pick up. I asked Annette, "Where will we find Greentree and the surveyors?"

She pointed, "They should be out working the farms. Where the laborers are already clearing out rocks for the foundations. The first corrals are up over there and by the barn."

I nodded, "They're going to need to fence off the back section behind the farms for a pasture that the horses can graze in."

I looked over at Charlemagne, "Can you grab New Moon and have him get his two squads. Tiger and Silver Moon as well. Young Goldeagle would be a welcome addition I think we will go and see some farmers today."

Charlemagne looks at me. "They are almost a day's ride out?"

I nodded, "Yes they are, but I have one of those feelings."

Charlemagne looked over, "Then I am coming too."

I nodded, "I figured as much, Annette has too much going on."

It took almost an hour to get everyone assembled, I looked at New Moon, "We need to work on that timing, we could have been overrun in an hour."

He nodded, "Will work on that."

I moved out setting the pace, "I want two scouts one on either side of the road Ahead of the group. At least a hundred feet off to the side and two-hundred feet ahead."

Dame Silver Moon inquired, "Where are we going?"

I glared, "We are going to check on Jessup and his farmers. I think we might encounter some of our human counterparts and there will be enemy trouble. Combat from another incursion into this area. Young Goldeagle stays near me."

The day went by and the scouts changed out a few time times and a few hours before nightfall we got an alert from one of the scouts. I rode forward. We saw three giants, three dozen orcs, three orc lieutenants and another Ogre Magi. Off in the distance, we saw some human troops off on the far hill who were not engaging as this group started to approach the previously embattled town.

I looked at New Moon, "Deploy your men! Silver Moon, Tiger, and Goldeagle with me. We have an Ogre Magi to dispatch. As we ride by thin out that herd if you got fireballs ready."

We rode by at a distance and obliterate a good portion of the forces even dropping one of the Ogre lieutenants and one of the Giants that was closest to us.

We had two Arcane archers trailing us in this group. They took out the other two giants. The Ogre Magi wasted no time in his attempt to retreat but he was on foot. I called out "Mortana."

The missiles went flying into the back of the Ogre Magi and I know he was not shielded. The other two Blade Singers followed suit. I hopped onto my saddle,

Eldar, "Karti'Ros left hand Moon Fire"

I did a spinning end over end leap into the air. Spinning like a top. I drove my blade right through the opening of his collarbone and straight into his heart. Then I rolled past his body. I looked to the others, "Help the troops! We have them surrounded now!"

Eldar, "Karti'Ros left hand"

As I recall my sword, "T'suras Unta Filarna," I grab the saddle horn with my right hand as T'suras sped past. I got my left foot into the stirrup and my leg over and charged back into the battle looking over at the humans who had still not engaged. I looked down at the field and we had already taken them down. I yelled out, "Lieutenant strip and search the dead, get the bodies collected for burning.

Get healers to those who need it, the Magi is down." I looked over and I saw thirty humans riding in, "Captain and Apprentice with me. Weapons at the ready. Lieutenant gather those not occupied and have them center on me."

I pulled up at the edge of the carnage to give our guys time to get to us and force the human military time to approach.

The leader of this group ordered, "Drop your weapons!"

I yelled back, "You have no authority to make that request."

The guy pulled up, "What do you know of my authority elf? You should not even be here!"

I looked at him, "If we had not that town would have been destroyed while you sat and petted your horses. Regardless you have no authority over us under the terms of our treaty."

He snarled, "You are a part of that new Mercenary group, you are out of your area."

I nodded, "I am the Commander of The Gray Blades, and my reasons for being out of that area are not your concern. What is your rank soldier?"

He looked over, "I am a Sergeant." I look back at him, "Well Sergeant! You have two commanders, a captain, a lieutenant, two sergeants, and a cross-section of men and women with different capabilities standing before you. The one you should be concerned about is the Apprentice who is not a part of my mercenary group. I have him riding at my side. Apprentice introduce yourself to the sergeant."

He looked knowingly at me as to why I wanted him along. He looks at the Sergeant, "I'm apprentice Blade Singer Chalius'Vesa Goldeagle, nephew of the Queen of the Elven Empire."

I look back at the Sergeant, "As required by treaty you have been informed, we have a dignitary with us. Our business is our own and you have no authority to attempt to detain us. Now turn around and report back to your lieutenant.

When he or one of your superiors arrive on site, I will report your cowardice in front of the enemy. This attack and the size of the attack will be reported back to the Queen upon our return. Given your inability to secure your own roads I will make recommendations to her. You are dismissed, Sergeant!"

The humans looked at their Sergeant. The Sergeant was clueless on how to respond so he finally sheathed his sword and moves off with his men. I look at apprentice Goldeagle, "Thank you for riding along. How are our troops? Lieutenant New Moon?"

He sighed, "One dead, two wounded and three riding horses lost."

I nodded, "Bring our dead back with us, Officers with me, you too Apprentice."

I rode into town and I saw a bunch of farmers with pitchforks as I sheath my sword, "Any injured?"

The farmers look at us and one spoke, "You stopped them before they got to us. Have I seen you before?"

I nodded, "I came through with a group and we took down another smaller group like this but not before they got to your town. You had any other attacks besides the two?"

He shook his head, "No just the two that one looked to be a massacre waiting to happen."

I nodded, "Where is Jessup? I spoke with him last time."

The guy shook his head, "He went to the capital to file a complaint about the attack and has not returned as of yet."

I nodded, "How long for you to gather your families and what seeds you can? I want to take you someplace safer. I was hoping you would have time to get your crops in."

The guy nodded, "We got about half of them in since the last attack we started figuring better to half of something than half of nothing."

I nodded, "How soon can you start planting again, Not here but in general?"

He shrugged, "We would be starting right after these crops came in. The climate allows up to grow pretty much year-round if we have enough water."

I looked him over, "I asked Jessup for your time to hear me out when I came back. We have set up a cross-border protection force covering four hundred square miles. Part of that is or should I will soon be farmable land. We are looking for farmers. Twenty acre lots, I have them clearing rocks out of twenty-four of those now.

We have around hundred-fifty troops patrolling this area. A new inn, general store, blacksmith, leather-smith, and sawmill under construction. We have over three hundred laborers working to make this happen. I have been busy since the last time I saw you all."

The guy nodded, "So what are you offering?"

I shook my head, "One thing you are not getting is protection. You are getting taxed on land you cannot farm because it is filled with rocks. You have a dozen farms here, we are clearing land for two dozen; if you can plant it and want a second farm lot for your children you have the option.

I suspect that we will have company from the human military that stood by and watched this near massacre. While one of my men died to protect you. The question is not what do we have to offer, it is what do you have to lose? Who do you trust at this time? The Elf off to my left is the nephew of the Queen of the Elven Empire.

We are amassing a force that will be multiracial and six hundred strong when we finish. Talk it over with the others. We leave at first light if you wish to join us. We will be waiting for the human commander to arrive. If you do decide to leave. Leave a message for Jessup to head north to safety."

I pulled the men together, I look at Charlemagne, "I hate losing one of our own but they would have turned to us after this village. It was better one here than a thirty-four here and another seven when it got to us."

Charlemagne, "So one life for forty-one."

I nodded, "Preemptive strike. I bet you can guess who the general is in this region. It will take him several hours."

I look at the lieutenant, "Send your two fastest riders with extra horses, get two more squads, another lieutenant, two additional clerics and replacement mount with a wagon for our wounded soldiers. They will meet us on the road.

Have them moving at time and half. Return at double time. All casters, get your rest and recover your spells. When we pull out, we may need them. Once the casters have rested, then the others can get a few hours in."

I headed over to one of the burned-out buildings and threw down my bedroll and Charlemagne curls up next to me. "What if we are attacked?"

I smiled, "My sword will warn me if that happens."

We curled up and got some sleep and I change up a few spells just in case. I finished studying and relieved the non-casters while asking Young Goldeagle to remain undercover. He complied but he asked questions, "How in the hell did you do that move to take down the Ogre Magi?"

I looked at him, "It felt like time slowed down. I could see exactly when I needed to jump. Focused right up till the point of impact and then everything returned to normal. I do not know if it is my eyes or the sword but something.

You have seen my acrobatic moves at the school, so the only real surprise was doing it off a charging horse. The entire time I was in the air I had sight on with the target; never losing sight of him."

He looked at me, "I am glad you are on our side!"

He returned to a more covered position. Morning came. I called out to New Moon, "Assemble our troops to return."

I looked around as wagon after wagon pulled into the road and pointed north. I looked at New Moon, "Have your sergeants lead them out, see if one of the wagons had temporary space for our fallen soldier and be sure to gather all the saddles and harness as well."

New Moon looked over, "It was all collected last night. One of our wizards said you would want first rights to this ring, he said it is a second-tier ring of wizardry. I nodded and put the ring on "Thank you, a lot of good Blade Singer spells are second-tier."

He sighed, "We also found these among the dead enemy. I thought you would want them."

I look at the stack of seven Blade Singer rings he gave me. I nodded at him. I looked at Young Goldeagle, "As this is your first battle, please hold these rings so we can return them to the council. Seven more spirit Masters. That makes thirty-seven since I left the Academy. I want to let that sink in with you. Five Masters and two Grand Masters went against these men at some point. We lost one man because we came in with arcane force and we used tactics."

He nodded, "Why did that Ogre Magi not attack and try to run?"

I smiled, "We obliterated them from there northern flank and attacked into their western taking out all of the giants quickly. They were being overrun. We moved to flank him to block his escape to reinforcements. Also, to report on how bad they were being crushed and our presence this far out."

He nodded, "Stuff you learn in the field."

I nodded at him, "Hence my offer to you. The humans who watched from the hill were told not to interfere. Orders from their general. What he tells his King is one thing, what we tell his King is another. You ride toward the front of the wagons we will likely be attacked from the rear."

I look at Lieutenant New Moon, "Assign two rear scout's same distances as well as two front ones. We will push through until we are back inside our area. Have the men missing mounts find spots with the wagons we are escorting; let them know our archers are second to none."

New Moon smiled and gave the orders, then looked at me with a solemn face, "I am sorry to say the man we lost was one of our Sergeants."

I nodded, "Examine his squad and figure out who the next logical leader would be first. Try to promote from within, hold that. Get with Tranosa when we get back. We had a few surplus sergeants. These soldiers have been blooded."

Young Goldeagle looks at me, "Why would a General give his troops that kind of order?"

I looked to him, "Because he sold his soul and no longer supports his King. The King just does not know that yet. Everything goes well our additional troops should arrive just about the time the King's soldiers catch up with us."

I look at Lieutenant New Moon, "Have a half dozen archers with bows ready around us." He nodded, "A position of strength and protection."

I nodded, "You are learning quickly."

Close to the end of the end of the day and our read guard signaled, "Large force of human soldiers approaching."

I nodded, "I want a line of six archers at the rear of this column the column, with bows ready. We will continue moving until they close. Our additional support should arrive shortly."

Another five minutes go by and a lieutenant with two squads arrived, I nodded to the Lieutenant and I looked over at New Moon, "Let's see how you do as a Captain. Distribute the troops for a possible rear attack, while we continue forward."

New Moon looked a little shocked for a second, then started barking orders out to the other Lieutenants on where to set the men. He did a good job of dispersing the troops and got the additional mounts to his men in wagons.

New Moon looks at me, "You sure about this?"

I shrugged, "Consider it a trial by fire."

Silver Moon and Charlemagne chuckled at that. I had my bow at the ready and nocked. We were about an hour from the border of the area we protect when the troops came up behind us crested the hill.

I looked to Charlemagne, "Keep the wagons moving forward."

I looked to the Captain, "They are your men what would you do. He barked out for them to spread out and orders the side guards to come to the back of the column."

I nodded. The humans slowed down when they saw the numbers were not what they had been told. Two riders came shooting forward, ahead of the main group. Our rear guard had bows at the ready.

They both pulled up as they saw all the bows, one of the men shouted out, "You are ordered to stop in the name of the General."

I yelled back, "Which General?"

The man yells out, "General Travius of his Kings Army."

I smiled to myself, "Please go back and tell your General I am Commander Eldar Silvertree and I am protecting a member of the Royal Family. In either case, I am not one of his troops to be ordered to do anything. In the second it is in violation of the Elven and Human Peace Treaty to attempt to stop a Royal Escort. If he wishes to talk, he can come and talk himself."

We continued riding as the riders came to a stop. They looked at each other. One continues to follow while the other went back for guidance.

The remaining rider asks, "What is with all the humans?"

I look at the Captain, "Captain, explain our purpose and charter to the unidentified rider as to the composition of our mercenary group and our town."

New Moon chuckled because he knew I was testing him, "We are a cross-border protection force between the elves, humans, and dwarves. The town we are building is also multiracial. An offer was extended to these farmers after the second attack in less than a month. Our Commander had a hand in dealing with both encounters.

That offer was to relocate their farms into lands we patrol so they have some security. Our charter allows us to recruit from all three races. We have a member of the Royal Family with us. As a precaution, after the last attack, we dispatched for additional troops to escort us in. I am a Former Royal Guard and protection of members of the Royal Family is taken seriously."

The second rider retreated. I looked at the Captain, "Well done. They do not know how much more we can call upon just yet. You kept that close to your vest. Nicely play."

He smiled at the compliment. Captain Silver Moon looked over, "You got an eye for talent."

I smiled, "Especially underutilized talent, how do you think I got my first three Captains."

She laughed, "I take it I am one of those?"

I nodded, "Yes you are Dame Silver Moon. I have a fourth in mind already; the first battle-mage in that role."

She nodded, "You are being diverse."

I smiled, "That is why I am looking for three captains from the humans and dwarves to give me six over troops."

She nodded, "You picked up some Centaurs as well."

I looked at her, "I want them for special assignments." I saw them transfer the body to one of our wagons and rush him back to the front of the line. Charlemagne came back, "They are approaching faster now."

I nodded, "I can hear them."

I turned to our Captain, "Spread them out further in the rear, they are going to try and go around to stop the wagons."

Charlemagne, "Vision?"

I shook my head, "Hearing."

She looks at me, "Powers of observation increasing."

I nodded, "The General is confused as to what to do at this point so he is keeping his men in line."

I called out, "All officers, Sergeants, and archers stop and turn. The rest, keep the wagons moving. Young Goldeagle is a priority asset. Protect him as such." We just got to the dwarven cross-road at this point so I knew we were well within our area of protection.

The General slowed up, "Who is this Eldar Silvertree?"

I looked at him, "I am Commander Eldar Silvrtree, Grand Master Blade Singer, of the Gray Blades Mercenary company. What do you seek?"

He yelled, "I want you and your men arrested!"

I reached into my bag, "As a General, I would have thought you would have read the peace and defense treaty between the Elves and Humans. Page 487, paragraph 12 governing the protection of a member of the Royal Family in each other's territories. Your men had no authority to stop us.
