 Silvertree Chronicles Book Four Return of the Dragons 

Synopsis: The Great Granddaughter of Eldar Silvertree, Grandson of Branar, Lortan 'Storm Wraith' Silvertree, and Son of Travious Silvertree Knight Paladin, Champion of Corellon Larethian enters the arena. The Sorcerer Blade Singer Gestalt has a keen mind, strong body, and fast reflexes. But she does not see this coming. 

Inspired by the Forgotten Realms Dungeon & Dragons universe but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchise. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

***** 

Prologue 

Septa 1st 7116 

Jazzia Silvertree was born first to Amy Silvertree. Followed by her twin sisters. Visha Silvertree the future enchantresses, and Sisha Silvertree the future arcane archer. Like the other children, they were given an amulet of poison protection. 

Septa 1st 7131 

Jazzia Silvertree removed her amulet and took up the family blade. The new amulet attached the following day in the Kings Audience chamber. Her great Aunt the Duchess took her into training immediately. 

Octa 10th 7146 

The call for the Blade holders came. Goldeagle, General of the Elven army led the assault. Every Shadow Rider, dragon mage, and dragon rider trained was brought into the fight. General Tranosa led the shadow riders. Angel led the Dragon Mages and riders. 

A call came in pleading for help from the 'Queen's daughter.' They knew this was a trap. Details of the fight are classified by the Kingdom. Tranosa Dusk Moon, Instructor Moon Bow, Grand Master Strong Oak, and General Goldeagle died in the fight. The strain over losing her nephew was too much for the Queen Mother and she died a few days later. Every dragon mother lost a child in the fight except for Majisa. Her son being hailed a hero for putting the killing blow into Matroxxxa. The Draco-lich was not present. Countess Amy Silvertree lost all five of her eldest children in the engagement. All of the blades are in new hands within a week of the funerals. Angel did not survive the battle and her body was brought home by Gia and Angel's husband of two weeks. She was expecting another child. 

Deca 7146 

Jazzia disarms her Aunt for the first time with fifteen years under his belt. Over the next fifteen years, she honed her skills even further. Taking on four Grand Master blade singers at a time and disarming them eighty percent of the time. While winning every single contest after twenty-four years. She is strong, patient, a charmer, highly intelligent, and lightning fast with a blade or a spell without haste. She rarely needed healing as her wounds close up over minutes and not the seconds his Great Grandfather experienced. 

Septa 1st 7161 

The youngest Grand Master in the history of the Academy graduates. The city academy council was not impressed by the precedence. 

Septa 3rd 7161 

Duchess Silvertree falls to an orc assassin poisoned bolt walking along the wall at the border. The poison was something new. It appears to be a combined version of the drow paralysis venom with the necrotic poison. The assassin was killed. He was found on the wrong side of the wall and an exhaustive search found a tunnel. The new Command General of the Gray Blades Goldeagle took matters into his own hands and pockets. Buying dwarven explosives. 

He dropped them over the wall and found a series of tunnels having been built across the valley. He ordered the dropping of ten percent of the wartime reserves across the valley exposing and burying the tunnels. Casters went out with earthquake spells and buried them further and the valley was torched to remove any foliage for them to hide behind. The druids were not pleased. The Elven King issues a directive to the druids to not interfere or be declared enemy combatants in the upcoming war. 

The druids disappear deeper into the woods. The Duchesses Eldest Son Bresan Silvertree is now the Duke over the area. He had little interest in the mercenary company and leaves them to their own affairs. He enjoys spending time in court and put an immediate end to death benefits. Two weeks later the Duke is replaced by the next eldest, His sister Duchess Giria Silvertree. 

A battle mage who restores the benefits and took up an active role as the Garrison General and head of the local Academy. Bresan was caught embezzling funds. A first for a Silvertree on this branch. He was imprisoned with his assets stripped to replace the losses. The new Duchess disowned him and his recent wife from the family. A Gold elf who was known as 'Gold'. A grandchild of the Goldbar family which was hidden by them until the embezzlement was uncovered. 

Jazzia Silvertree became the youngest Master Trainer. Her position is challenged by the head of the Blade Singer Council. A three-time champion of the city Academy Grand Master Golden Rod. His tournament wins occurred after the Academies separated the tournaments between the Academies. Jazzia let him set the field. The Head Grand Master yielded the field in addition to his position. Jazzia had demanded the condition prior to agreeing to the challenge. 

He has a sliced hamstring, Achilles tendon, and the main vein on his weapon arm cut to the bone. Jazzia never turned Moon Fire on in order to let the fool bleed. The King brought Jazzia to the Palace. He looked over the Master Trainer after calling her forward, "Your draconic bloodline is becoming more predominant. To those that do not know. 

She may not be an adult but she is the new champion of Corellon Larethian. She should be respected as a former head of the Blade Singer Council found out earlier today. When he challenged her ability to be the Master Trainer and the fight was over in seconds according to my sources." The court was stunned into silence. 

The King also presented her with a set of glasses, "Your grandfather's design. May they serve you well Master Trainer." She bowed before him. "Thank you, your Majesty." No further challenges came after that and the other Blade Singer found Golden Rod had to atone for his actions on top of everything else. 

The Champions Code 

Septa 1 7190 

I just finished a grueling day of training with my three apprentices. Once again, I was forced to remind them that they were not competing with each other or myself, but their own abilities and shortcomings. Sometimes I thought the strain of this training would drive me crazy. I showered and climbed into bed and though I am a Master Trainer. I am still not an adult in the eyes of elven society. 

They do not know what to make of me. I know how my grandfather felt because I did not fall into a given box. I fell asleep with all of these things coursing through my mind. I found myself under the Silvertree at the Falls sitting and looking at the water. I heard several sets of footsteps. I had been told that I am a champion but the gods had thus far had not contacted me directly. 

I looked over and saw the images of three elven men. The first was in full plate spoke with me, "Hello my daughter." I looked at him. "You are the spirit of my father?" He nodded, "This one is the spirit of my father and like you was a gestalt. While not a champion he can most closely relate to some of your troubles. The other is Eldar, the first champion to wield that blade. 

We have come to aid you in establishing a code of conduct." I looked at them, "How did you do it?" Eldar chuckled, "It was thrust upon me by my ideas. To help save elven society. I was the champion of change who stopped a war." Branar looked at me, "I was never a champion but the blade was thrusted upon me by the challenge of fighting the lich. 

I was not very good with the blade but I was a thinker. I revealed the challenges and prepared our people for the greater and hidden threat. I took my father's concerns and made them my own and expanded upon them. I freed the Knights." Travious looked at me, "Like you, I was born to the blade. My mother made the selection and I made it for you by the gods request. Being a champion is a burden but you will find the burden lightened by the support of your spouse or lover." 

I sighed and looked at him, "I was not even sure if I should pursue a mate given the history of my grandfather and you in not being there for them." He smiled, "We may not be there for you in a physical sense but we are there to encourage you and watching over you." Eldar looked at me, "Your skill with the blade is better than my own. Better than my daughter that I trained. 

You have a speed with the blade and tracking of targets on a battlefield not seen by the others. Your power came quickly and you are a master in both of your classes like your grandfather. You will have to adapt to multiple battlefields. From Dragons, Drow, Orcs, to the various courts. That is why you need to form your own code. The Lady of Dreams will be here soon to help you finalize the code but we are here to guide you in its creation. The first part dealing with find and keeping a husband. 

I looked at them, "My prowess in bed should be normal." My father chuckled, "That was my hope for you in keeping constitution off of you necklace; that did not happen. Given your regenerative abilities. They are slower than mine which bodes well for you." I nodded, "This assumes I take a mate." They sighed. My father spoke, "Having children is why the sword checks for fertility." 

I looked at him, "How much would you have gotten done while bearing children?" 

He sighed and continued as if I had said nothing, "You have to be there for them to born being a woman. The sword will look to your children above all others. It also means you have to keep your name." 

Eldar smiled, "Listen and talk with the lady." Eldar faded away. Branar looked at me, "Having more than one mate is unknown to me. I would tell you to stop worrying about trying to fit in a box and defining what you are. Instead, focus on who you are." 

With that final piece of Advice Branar faded away. Travious looked at me, "Consider adopting aspects of my code into your own. Start searching for those who you can marry. You should give birth twice before war hits if you marry soon after you become of age. Even with the year dry spell. 

Remember there will be many battles but focus on the ones the gods direct you to. That was a hard challenge for me. When you are needed you will be directed to another battle. This will be a chaotic life and visits home will be sporadic and likely only be for a few days at a time for many years. 

Do not divine your children's destinies. Let them grow into them on their own. Remember we are all with you, as a small piece of us resides in the blade you wield. You will not fight every war or be there to finish every battle. You will help to turn the tide and potentially deal with opposing champions. We all love you." I found myself alone. I stood and walked to the falls and kneeled to pray. "Thank you for the guidance of my elders even though they refused to listen to me." 

The Lady of Dreams walked up behind me, "I can sense your frustration. We had hoped the previous wielders would be able to help guide you to find love. What do you wish to do in regards to your code?" I looked at her, "I do not wish to have a code." She sighed, "She motioned for me to sit. She looked at me, "We did not expect this battle to be yours but your fathers. He changed so much, so fast that it changed both of your destinies. 

I looked at her, "If I have a choice then I choose nothing to do with the paladin's code." She looked at me, "I know Melia is good to you." I nodded, "You also know my mother ran off and died. Leaving my siblings and me behind without either of my parents. At least his mother was actively involved in his life for forty-five years. Why is this so important? There are others who can take up the sword when I die." 

She sighed, "Perhaps. If the elves are not extinct before then. If your house has not fallen back into corruption. Some has already started. You saw what happened to your cousin." I nodded. "I will not argue that point." I looked at her, "What was my father's comment about not purposefully including a health boost but me having regeneration? Can you explain that?" She nodded. "Just because he did not ask for the enchantment it does not mean it did not get the enchantment. 

The enchanter who crafted it just considered it a bonus not knowing it was not wanted by your father." I looked at her, "Divine intervention?" She smiled, "Yes we ensured it had it. Getting the poison immunity being his triumph in getting his Master status. He was hoping you would get the delay poison touch he had. Which you do have but it is limited to only a few times a day. Part of that was divine in nature. 

Which is why it is limited on an arcane. Instead, you got slight increases in all of your physical abilities. Part of regeneration comes from the other two champions; a constitution increase was part of your genetics. The previous amulet not only affected the champion but future champions. He figured correctly with two classes depended on different attributes they would be highest. 

He wanted you to be balanced. You are a little more than balanced. I looked at her, "Will I be in this conflict? She looked at me, "Once these three students graduate you will turn the ring over to the one shows the most promise. Your days as a trainer will be over as you will be needed in the field." I looked at her, "Is that not a violation of the Blade Singer code?" 

She smiled, "Not in this case because being reverent to Corellon Larethian is the first priority in protecting of the elven people." I looked at her, "My brother is the best student of the three. On par with my Aunt." She smiled, "He is an excellent choice that we knew you would make. He will train many using your guidance and refinements to the previous trainers including your Great Grandfather. 

As alluded to you could give birth twice before the war begins if you marry quickly. You are expected in the fight. Your children will be less susceptible to corruption if you marry for love. I know your heart. There is someone you are in love with." I sighed, "Would not matter. The rules for half Dragons that was established would require him to claim the children." She looked at me, "Unless it is written into your code." 

I sighed, "I would have to be a second or third wife. The first wife taking care of the children." The lady sighed with a smile, "Yes. Now you have the foundation of a code Second or third. As eluded to you will have two pregnancies and they should be completed and you back into fighting shape within a few months of having them. You will be infertile at that point." I looked at her, "Sometime after my birthday six years from now. 

She shook her head, "No a little longer than that. However, that would be a safe guess. Each set will produce at least one gestalt that is a candidate for the sword. They will not be a champion just the next wielder and the potential parent of the next champion. Your travels will keep you busy and you will have to trust those who will raise your children." I looked at her, "Why all of these gestalts?" 

She sighed, "Because the other gods started doing it with their champions to get an advantage. We had to adapt." I looked at her, "It is a trap. In order to get the one, I would want I have to have a code. This code would need to be known by the Church and the King. To allow my children to retain their names." She nodded, "It is a very good match as well. He has his eyes on a first wife already." 

I nodded, "An enchantress who is rather attractive I will admit it. I would not mind spending a little quality time with her. Just like her sister who wants the same. Her sister rubs me the wrong way." She chuckled, "She will develop feelings for one of your brothers and his wife; if your destiny holds true." I groaned, "I wish Melia could just do it." She sighed, "She is not long for this world. 

Her next children will likely kill her. She is already expecting." I looked at her, "She knows she will die?" She sighed and nodded, "She has known since she got pregnant. She never told the man. He died a few weeks later. Her children have their own destinies. You have a husband and a wife at home they could watch over your children and hers. You could see about returning the favor." 

I sighed, "Way to lay on the guilt. She has her own children who could do this as well unless they are not long for this world." She sighed, "You are stubborn like your grandfather. I warned my husband that a female champion can be more stubborn." I looked at her, "You going to tell me I have to have a mate in the field?" She shook her head, "No, you can go home with a teleportation circle at a moment's notice and take care of that. 

Even if something happens to him his first would still be responsible for raising the children even if she found a new husband. You could take a lover when and if that happens." I sighed, "Very well. I am not happy about this code crap." She looked at me while ignoring my last comment, "You have brought much to the blade singers. Namely your ability to track multiple targets and not be flanked in combat when focused. The piece you have been adding. As to your remaining concerns. 

Voice them to the King. Let him decide what to do. Yes, we are testing him again. Your first focus on the war will be with your father's mercenary company the Shadow Riders." I woke feeling energized for the first time in days. I stopped at my brother's room, "Get moving and get started on your morning drills. Take the other two with you. You practice together today. Two on one combat drills. Till mid-day. Then acrobatics after lunch. Followed by two hours of swimming training. 

Work those forward dismounts and the aerial strike dismounts." He groaned. "What will you be doing?" I smiled, "What the Lady of Dreams directed me to look into starting today." He came to the door. "She finally contacted you?" I nodded, "As did the last three Blade wielders. To offer their advice to me on love, of all things. Also, to go and find 'myself.'" I rolled my eyes. 

"How to not focus on everything but the task I am asked to complete. Also, to know who my best student is when they follow my directions." He chuckled, "I will get moving and get the other two moving." I finished getting geared up and headed outside. The trainer for the Knight Paladin is out with his troops. He nodded to me, "When are you going to spar with me?" I sighed, "To get you to stop asking? Get off your horse and we will do it here and now." He stopped with his men. 

I looked at them, "To make it fair you might want your students involved in this exercise." He looked at me, "Your father was arrogant with Blade Singers. You are trying to turn the blade?" I looked at him, "Your call, you issued the challenge." He hopped down. "One on one. Master trainer to Master Trainer. I nodded as I watched his men dismount. I knew they would enter the fight. The nature of 'their code'. 

We faced off and his men have held drawing their weapon for the moment. I looked at him to make the first move and he tried to rush me with his shield. I back flipped out of the way. He looked at me, "You will have to engage at some point." I nodded. I rolled off to the left and he countered. He came in for an overhead strike and I hit him with a thunder wave and sent him flying across the street. 

His men drew their swords and three of the four fell into the pit I created. As the master trainer was working to get up I went after his student who was still standing. He braced for my strike. At the last minute I flipped over and mule kicked him into the hole with the other students. I rolled forward. He looked at me, "You only delayed the fight with them." I nodded, "Until you yield." 
