 Silvertree Chronicles Book Five, From the Brink

Synopsis: The distant and last living elven heir of the Silver line Jarronus,via Silvertree steps into the unknown shoes of past blade wielder hero and champions over a millennium since the dragon's return. The Silvertree line on the brink of destruction and once again the Gods look to call upon the family of Champions past.

Inspired by many RPG universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Septa 27th 8202

Jarronus'via Silvertree is born to Pheoana Silvertree a year after her husband's death. She was shocked when his will included documentation outlining the request to disown all other members of the known Silvertree family. She now worried what will become of this long and prestigious family name if her son failed to produce heirs. Let alone heirs capable of wielding the family blade.

She went back through records up until the time of the last champion to wield the blade. She tried to figure out where things went wrong. She decided to try again and named her son after the heir apparent for the blade and her eldest son. Not knowing the other five of her children would all die before the age of a hundred.

Mia 21st 8217

She came home to find her son holding the active blade and about had a heart attack. A voice from the behind her let out a sigh, "He is the last elven heir capable of wielding his family blade."

She turned on her heels to see a lady in white walking slowly from the house. She looked at her, "Who are you?"

The Lady turned, "You will know soon. He will know me when he is an adult. She disappeared in a flash of light."

She gasped, "The Lady of Dreams?!"

She thought, "I should read that journal again."

Many things concerned her in its pages. She decided to hold off on getting the child any necklace. Adding an entry into her will in case anything happened to inform the child about the visitor, the importance of the necklace and the need to produce heirs to save his family's legacy. She left her will in trust to the Elven Queen. Explaining while her house was on the brink of extinction she wanted the best for her son.

Junta 29th 8217

She was left with little choice. Her son was manifesting dangerous powers and needed to be in the Academy. They tested the boy early and found his skills off the charts of any student they had ever trained. His records on this sealed from all except the Magister of the City Academy. Even the mother was not made aware of the extent of the facts concerning her son.

Septa 3rd 8247

Completed with his battle sorcerer studies and casting tier seven spells already had his instructors worried. He still had another thirty years to go to be an adult. The current Magister of the Academy went searching through records trying to find any reference to this. He found the boys evaluation and was shocked. Then found a list of Silvertree students with unheard of talent graduated from the City Academy. Going back to Eldar Silvertree a Grand Master Blade Singer and the Second Master Trainer.

He sent for and received a copy of the records from the Quatarsia Academy for all Silvertree graduates. He found the term he was looking for; a gestalt. The Magister caught the child doing things with his sword he would expect to see out of a fifteen-year Blade Singer candidate. The tenth Master Trainer having just been named. He had to know if he had one in his Academy. He decided to risk it. He contacted Master Trainer Goldeagle.

He brought him into the office, "You add a third student yet?"

He shook his head, "I am about twenty years into my existing students. I thought I might wait until I could start a third so they did not feel that far behind."

The Magister chuckled, "I have a battle sorcerer who just finished training. He has no place to go but home. Casting tier seven spells."

He looked at the Magister, "This is unusual how?

How does this affect me?"

He looked at him, "The child is not even forty-five yet and has skills with a sword. Skills I have seen on fifteen-year Blade Singers. He is a descendant of Eldar Silvertree the Champion and second wearer of that ring."

The Master Trainer looked around for a minute. He had his own journal kept since the first blade Wielder of his house blade. He looked back, "Get him to the proving ground. I want to see this child in action."

He brought his two students in and had them face off with the field set at two. His students seemed perplexed by this.

He yelled out, "Begin."

His student went for a mirror image while the boy closed the distance and smacked his student in the wrist with the flat of his training blade sending it flying and sticking into the back wall. His student stood there dumbfounded by this child. He pointed at his other student.

He yelled, "Begin."

This boy came in to attack and got hit by a thunder wave that knocked him against the back wall and into the instructor. The Master Trainer looked at his students, "Try two on one with him."

He watched as his students circled to get into a flanking position. The boy did not try and stop them. The one in the back moved first. The one in front moved faster. He flipped over the one advancing in front of him. He switched hands and fought them side-by-side.

He Passed up obvious chances to take one out. The boy kept them on the field for twenty minutes feinted a move and rolled across the back of one student. Then flipped over the back of the same student and had the two students facing each other. He launched another thunder wave sending the two of them off the field.

Goldeagle looked at the boy, "You that good with a live blade?"

Jarronus thought, "Karti'Ros left hand."

The man looked and nodded, "Never want to cross Moon Blade with Moon Blade."

Jarronus bowed to him and looked at his two students. "The young man you have been sparring with is a graduating battle sorcerer. He is also a descendant of the first Grand Master to ever graduate the city Academy as a Grand Master. The second Master Trainer. The first being his own instructor. That ancestor is known as The Champion and Duke Eldar Silvertree.

Also, a field marshal and General of a mercenary company. His Daughter was in the field in combat at this boys age. Fighting orc, ogres, and Giants. She gave the Master Trainer ring to her last student. The new Master Trainer taught her students not to be flanked. Something that has been lost over the last millennium. I questioned the Magister wanting me to look at a graduating battle sorcerer. Then this."

The boy bowed to me, "Was that all Master Trainer?"

Master Trainer Goldeagle smiled, "No, that was not all. It is a thirty-year program and I know you are already casting tier seven spells but you have the talent to be a Grand Master, hell even a Master Trainer. That is why he did not cast something that would hurt you seriously."

Jarronus smiled, "I am Storm Born like one of my ancestors. They called him an arcane gestalt. He was a sorcerer and a mage. Also, a Duke in his own right, an Admiral, and recovered the Eternal Forge before dying of poison."

The two young men giggled at this tale. Master Trainer Goldealge looked at them. "I can confirm what he has said. There are references throughout my ancestors' journal. About Eldar. He who put this blade into my family's hand! Brannar, who was not a champion of the Gods but who found the location of the Eternal Forge and worked to recover it. He was Storm Born, an admiral, and died in the Palace from poison.

Immediately after the battle to reclaim the island the forge was on. The boy is not being a braggart. If anything, he has left a lot of it out. The last Champion in the Silvertree line was over a millennium ago. Jazzia Silvertree was the one who to this day was the youngest Grand Master and Master Trainer ever. Also, a Blade Singer Sorceress gestalt. No champion has been revealed since then."

Jarronus looked at the Master Trainer, "Convincing me is not the problem. Convincing my mother is the problem. This blade scares the hell out of her."

He nodded, "I will talk to her."

He put his students to work. He traveled to House Silvertree Estates. The guard pointed him back past the stable to the garden. She sat there planting flowers when he rode in and looked over at her.

She looked up, "Can I help you?"

He nodded, "Yes, you might be able to help me." He hopped down and looked at her. "I am from the Academy."

She got up, "Everything alright?"

He chuckled, "I would not know if alright is the word I would use. I am Master Trainer Goldeagle."

She sighed, "My son is a sorcerer."

He nodded, to her, "Yes, but something tells me you do not know just what he is capable of doing."

She glared at him as she got up to walk off, "What makes you think you know my son any better than I do?"

He looked at her, "Brannar and Jazzia Silvertree. If you read the journal then you know what I am talking about." She stopped in her tracks but did not turn back. "Eldar put the blade at my side into my families' hands when he reclaimed and cleaned the fourteen blades. When Knight Paladin Silvertree fell in battle on the field.

My ancestor was sent to Griffin's Peak to lead the assault. He died on the field. I know what his evaluation records say. He tested off the charts. He could have been the youngest Grand Master to graduate if they did not work strictly to bring his arcane talents under control.

He is casting tier seven spells now. I tested him earlier at the requested of the Magister. He saw him working on his own with the sword. He bested my two twenty-year apprentices one on one and the two of them against him. He has god gifted talents."

She turned and snapped at him, "DON'T SAY THAT! Damn it! DON'T SAY THAT!"

She crashed down onto the ground at his feet and cried.

He looked at her, "What are you hiding from me? From him? From yourself?"

She looked up, "The Lady of Dreams put that damned sword into his hands. His powers started spiking out of control days later."

He nodded, "You can try and keep him from his destiny. The question is do you want him to have the skills he needs to survive whatever challenges the Gods throw at him. That is what you have to understand. Destiny cannot be avoided. The question is will he be ready when his destiny comes. Sounds like he will be the new Champion."

He stood and got mounted up. She did not even look at him. She finally yelled out as he rode away, "Train him so he will survive! That he may save this house as the last heir."

He looked at her crumpled and crying form on the ground. Now he understood her other fear. The house would die with the boy if he failed to train this boy to survive. He rode out leaving her to her tears. He knew he was training the next champion in his heart.

Octa 6th 8272

Pheoana Silvertree was found dead in her room four days before. She had not been seen in a few days by the house staff as she had taken to sealing herself off in her room for days at a time in the last few years. She was found with hundreds of empty wine bottles. This fact kept from the general population. It appeared she had drunk herself to death. The clerics knew better. The smell of bitter almonds and black in the mouth.

It was obvious she had been poisoned. If she did it herself or if someone did it to her was unknown. Her son was informed two days after the fact. After the room had been cleaned and any signs that she died of anything but being in her sleep all but removed from the home. When Master Trainer Goldeagle arrived the morning of her death he talked with the guards at the gate. They talked of a mysterious elf who looked to be trying to court the woman.

She kept putting him off. Days earlier she had him escorted off of the property. No two guards remember seeing the same elven man. The description ran from the type of elf, height, eye color and a few even had the man being a woman. The circumstances caused the Master Trainer no end of lost sleep. On this day he was taking his only student to the Palace.

Jarronus was informed the Queen held his mother's will and was summoned to see her. The Master Trainer accompanied him. They walked in and this shocked the Queen. Not keeping up on who the Master Training was working with these days.

They met in her Audience chamber, "Please keep this informal. Your mother was concerned you would die before you became of age. Needless to say, as the last heir of the house you are the patron. The sole heir to the fortune that it amassed over the years. You are also being granted the right to handle your accounts as an adult.

She never set you a caretaker. Knowing who your instructor is, I do not see a need to put that restriction on you. She left a letter and the account numbers you need. The list of assets which includes almost seventy percent of the town of Quatarsia including most major businesses. Minus the bar and sawmill. I ordered a review of the books of those businesses.

They show no funds going to your family since the duchy was dropped. Now, this presents some challenges. You are a hereditary Barron but the Duchy was dissolved centuries ago when that portion of the family line refused to keep it up. You are the descendant of a Knight Paladin. They could not take on another title which made you ineligible to inherit the title.

The lands returned to the control of the villages. Yet the town charter was never revoked and still exists which I do not understand what is going on there."

Jarronus looked at his instructor, "We should visit after this, Master Trainer. We should see Silent Falls together."

He nodded, "You do not have a horse at the moment."

Jarronus looked at the Queen, "Is the herd still there?"

She nodded, "Yes, it is still there."

Jarronus looked at the Master Trainer, "Something else to see about obtaining while we are there. There is a permanent teleportation circle into one of the nearby villages going into House Silvertree. We could take that to travel there. I have my father's saddle and bridle, Master Trainer."

He nodded, "We should do that."

She looked at me, "I have already sent word to the bank to let them know to transfer control of the accounts over to you. If there are any issues with that contact me on this cousin."

She handed him a crystal. He smiled, "You have been trying to put one of these on me for years my dear cousin."

She smiled brightly, "Well now you have a reason where you will take it. We have to get to a meeting now."

Jarronus looked at her, "We?"

She smiled, "Yes there is someone who wants to meet you. A couple of others actually. They asked alone but given it is my cousin I think it would be fine. Follow me."

They followed her to a large conference room. Jarronus stopped at the doorway, turned and walked away. Master Trainer Goldeagle looked at Jarronus, "Where are you going?"

Jarronus looked back, "As far away from the dragons in the room as I can get. They lead to the death of my family and I am all that is left. The less I have to do with dragons the better. Please make my apologies to the Queen. Explain I would like to live long enough to have a family. Maybe do something with my life that does not work out for their interest while screwing over my family."

Jarronus left the Palace then teleported to House Silvertree.

--

The Master Trainer walked up to the Queen. "You should know I believe I am training the next Champion. He sees the dragons which I do not. It may come from his blade. Regardless I must find him, Your Majesty."

She looked shocked, "Go and find him. Keep him safe. His mother's concerns make more sense now."

The Master Trainer went out front and got onto his horse. He teleported to the front of House Silvertree. Jarronus grabbed his tack. He got to the teleportation circle and activated the last rune as the Master Trainer arrived. The Master Trainer knew where he went. He went to the Academy to find a mage who could teleport him to the town or Silent Falls. Having never been himself.

--

Jarronus found himself in the small village and was soon surrounded by the local militia.

They looked at Jarronus, "Where are your parents?"

Jarronus looked at them, "Dead. Yours?"

The elf looked at him, "Don't get cute with me child."

Jarronus stepped back and drew his sword. He drew a circle on the ground. He sighed, "You want to see me bring the child out of you enter the circle."

The elf started to get down all cocky.

Someone came riding in from behind Jarronus, "Stand down before the child puts your mind into last week and your body into next week."

Karti'Ros chuckled, "Moon Ray Moon Blade. I know them all."

Jarronus looked at him, "You can listen to the wielder of the Moon Ray Moon Blade or you can take your chances against the Silvertree Moon Blade."

The guy stopped dead. He mounted up and rode off.

Jarronus turned to face the new arrival, "I am in need of an elven War Horse. Could you inform the Herd for me please?"

The man nodded, "They are aware. What brings you here?"

Jarronus looked around, "Is an invitation required?"

The man chuckled, "Depends on who you ask. No, you do not need an invitation."

Jarronus put the sword away and a white Stallion came in. He looked it over, "Sattona" The men laughed.

He heard in his head even more laughter, "Camouflage. Why?"

Jarronus thought back, "Like me, you stick out in these woods." The joke was apparently shared.

Jarronus saddled up and looked around, "Thank you. My mother died a few days ago. I am here to see this place, get a horse, and check on assets that are supposed to still be in the family."

He mounted up and Moon Ray asked, "What assets?"

He turned and started riding, "Apparently about seventy percent of Quatarsia."

Moon Ray came up, "What gave you that idea?"

Jarronus looked over, "The Queen."

Moon Ray groaned, "This will not go over well."

Jarronus smiled, "Why? Because it is true or because people will refuse to accept the truth?"

Moon Ray said nothing but rode along to see where he would go. Jarronus looked around at the crossroads and took a right to the inn. He got down and walked in to see some of the patrol members he ran into.

An elven woman looked at me, "You lost?"

Jarronus smiled, "No I am not lost. I am right where I am supposed to be. I need to see the inn's books."

She looked at him, "You will have to talk with the owner about that."

Jarronus sighed, "I do not care to talk with myself. I wish to see the books."

She looked at him, "You are not the owner."

Jarronus sighed, "I am Jarronus Silvertree. Owner of about seventy percent of the businesses in this town including this one. That is what the Queen told me not an hour ago."

She started to laugh and Jarronus went upstairs. She followed as he went onto the fourth floor. It was covered in cobwebs and the ceiling was in need of repair. He shook his head and walked up to where the portal was supposed to be and nothing happened.

He looked over, "After the quake, they moved this building. About ten to fifteen feet west." He walked down the hall and extended his hand and the portal opened which shocked the waitress. She ran down the stairs. Jarronus walked inside.

Moon Ray followed, "They will likely try and kill you to keep it."

Jarronus looked back, "They are free to try."

He searched around. He found a very old bow but the enchantment was unmistakable. He took it with him. He checked each room finding only a few cursory items of interest.
