 Chapter One

The opening scene is of our nighttime flyover of a futuristic city. The pilot is obviously a good one as he makes turns and rolls to the left and right. We feel and hear the changing sounds from the aircraft and its engine, throwing us to the left and then the right, making us feel as though we're in the aircraft sitting alongside the pilot. As our ride continues we see how automobiles and buildings will look in five hundred years. The aircraft we're in climbs quickly vertically, doubling our weight as it does until we are above a building, hovering above a yellow target, about to land. The face of the pilot is obscured, preventing us from getting a better look at him. After cutting the engines he exits the small helicopter, walking to a door on top of the building when we see him go inside. 

We and the camera follow him inside. He moves into the room ahead of us when we're not sure what he's doing, what holds his interest. The camera slowly pans the items in the room; innovative objects of wonder. Some items are recognizable, understandable with regards to their purpose while others are inscrutable; provoking interest and curiosity as we can only imagine what the future of gadgetry might be. Aside from the kitchen area, the two large refrigerators and its large marble preparation island, the room resembles a laboratory of some kind. There's a workstation with a few active monitors appearing to be in use. A digital readout on the worktable scrolls the date, time and temperatures inside and outside, along with stock quotes and breaking news. We see the date is January 3, 2555. 

The camera follows the man as he walks to the center of the room when we see him standing beside a transparent capsule. Something or someone is lying inside. Moving closer we see an unworldly beautiful female, when thoughts and visions of Sleeping Beauty come to mind. 

With our attention still on the capsule the camera slowly scans her naked body, fading too quickly when we notice the twitching of a finger, suggesting she's alive.

Suddenly the scene changes to another part of the world. It's daytime and we are thrown into the midst of a small squad of six American soldiers. Over one eye they have some HUD device as they are communicating with one another with barely visible headsets. On the sides of their helmets are small video-players when they can all see what each other is seeing collectively. They're going from building to building, moving cautiously as they do so. They are obviously in search of the enemy and when they come upon them, we witness a rapid-fire gun exchange exemplifying the bravery of our soldiers. Suddenly there is silence, the dust clears and we see the enemy has been eliminated. But one of our own is on the ground. The other five are indifferent to his fate and rather than go to his aid, they systematically leave the building. As we move closer to our fallen, we see several holes in his chest. The camera zooms in on his chest when we expect to see the anticipated blood and guts; instead we see only the destruction of electronic circuitry.

Premise: 

Six hundred years has passed since the first inflatable doll was introduced to the world. It was intended to be a sex-toy. Perhaps even a substitute sex-partner but failed miserably. Not surprisingly it became a party favorite, good for a few laughs when filled with helium. The idea of an artificial sex partner seemed worthwhile but it was introduced at a time when suitable technology didn't exist. Given his achievements and with the advancements in science with regards to cybernetics, the idea both challenged and intrigued him. 

Doctor Simon Miller had degrees in Anatomy, Biology and Anthropology. He was a leader in artificial intelligence, believing there was a segment of society unwilling or unable to have normal relationships for various worthwhile reasons, probably like in the past. After completing his work for the government he wanted to start his own business and believed there would be a market for a modern-day humanoid sex-toy. It seemed reasonable to take up the inflatable-doll challenge, removing the absurdity they once had. Surely he could improve on the unblinking eyes and the embarrassing gaping red mouth.

"You've got to be kidding," he said as he stared open-mouthed as if to mimic the pictures of them for the first time.

Being the lead scientist in creating the first android soldiers to replace humans on the battlefield, he noted they carried out orders with precision and ruthlessness. It was something to behold in seeing how cold and calculating they were as a fearless unit, eliminating one target after the other in rapid-fire succession and accuracy. Spending a few days in a repair shop was seemingly the worst of their fears. Needless to say they were an effective fighting force, one to be reckoned with. For someone so young to win the Nobel Peace Prize in creating a modern day infantryman was an irony of sorts but the world believed countless lives would be spared. As a result, his cybernetic soldiers were received and welcomed enthusiastically by the United Nations and the world over.

He learned a great deal about artificial intelligence, believing he could create a humanlike being unlike any other. He chose to conceal his project from the public, allowing only a few close friends to know what he was doing, what he hoped to accomplish. After putting down his dog and having suffered the loss of a recent relationship, his need for companionship remained. At the age of thirty-one he was still a young man, keeping himself in shape through various daily activities. As a result he looked younger than his years, at least until he began to feel the stress of this, his newest project. 

His work began with the human skeleton, a female skeleton. His first improvement was in the use of a new polymer, three times stronger and lighter than human bone. He knew a lighter frame would enable his creation to move smoothly and with agility, like a ballet-dancer he hoped. He also knew a lighter frame would lead to greater efficiency as it would logically require less energy to function and operate.

While he was designing and assembling his creation it occurred to him he was attempting to create the perfect woman, if for no one else but himself. Since the world and evolution was unable to provide him with an ideal mate, he decided he'd have a go at it himself. He started from the ground up and from the inside out noting the female's skeleton and muscular structure was different than those used in his soldiers. In addition, he noted a female's weight is primarily in the hips, buttocks and upper thighs resulting in a different central point of weight distribution. This could be put to good use in maintaining body balance as well as making her more appealing and desirable. He soon discovered how and why females had the wiggle in their hips; the one most males find appealing and sexy without their knowing why. Calling on observation he concluded the difference was in our pelvises. This was a result of evolution when females became well suited for child-bearing and birthing. Though he couldn't prove it he thought the subconscious stimulus for males was: the greater the wiggle, the more sexually stimulating they were. He called these physical traits "species-specific-sexual-signals". Signals one gender communicates to the other in reminding them of their primary evolutionary purpose. 

All of this was important since if he was to create a sexually desirable life-form, he had to understand the mechanisms at work. The missing ingredient in his other androids was their lack of personality, their ability to think, learn and grow as a human would. If they made a mistake on the battlefield, they were pretty much doomed to repeat it. But the one he planned to create for himself would be so unique he doubted anyone would suspect it wasn't human. This was the ultimate challenge for him, to be able to pull the wool over the eyes of those who should know the difference between a being of artificial intelligence and a human. But above all else, he wanted companionship. It wasn't his intention to create a sex-toy for himself since he simply didn't believe it was possible for him to find a nonhuman sexually appealing. Yet it was exactly what he was trying to accomplish for the masses.

Accumulating an extensive library on artificial intelligence and life-forms, he meticulously and religiously entered his findings into a giant database, hoping his creation would assimilate the information, like an anxious student. And it didn't seem outlandish that one day he'd be able to discuss improvements at a high level with his creation.

His west coast apartment and laboratory was the entire top floor of a converted warehouse. In each of the corners there was an armored Knight on a pedestal. They were part of an elaborate security system. When activated they scanned the room with ultraviolet light and ultrasonic waves. They weren't simply monitoring devices either since they were mobile, able to incapacitate an intruder with their wired nets and varied weaponry. Along the far wall was a staircase leading to the roof and heliport. Along with his other achievements, Simon was a licensed pilot. Two large eight foot tall cylinders of bluish-green plasma gas had their own island producing enough light for the entire room. Within them an occasional small bolt of electricity moved randomly, dissipating a buildup of ion particles in the eerie lightshow it made. 

Act One, Scene One:

His view from within his apartment was spectacular in that he could look out in all directions; like being in an airport control-tower. With another cup of coffee in hand he walked to the window looking out over the distant ocean and the remaining sunset. The city was already sparkling in nightlights. Occasionally a two-man air vehicle sped by as their popularity had been on the rise due to the mass marketing of the small jet engines it used. 

Suddenly a flash appeared on the horizon suggesting a front was approaching. If it was like the others he spotted ahead of time, it would take several hours before moving inland. 

"Another day in man's history bites the dust," he thought turning to sit on one of several high stools along the worktable. He watched the brainwaves on the dedicated monitor noting they were on the increase. The creature inside the capsule had been almost two years in the making. He did things he'd never attempted in the past, not knowing what the results would be. Moving to the clear acrylic encasement he studied its face curiously. Her hair was a tricolor pixie with shades of blonde, light and darker brown. It was a bit boyish he knew but it seemed appropriate enough for her. 

She lay horizontally, looking to be at peace with the universe. Several wires were attached to her, monitoring her status. Her expression hinted at being a smile though he'd be hard pressed to account for it. Placing his hand on the capsule he slowly circled it in anticipation when he saw the expression on her face changing, eyelids fluttering. His excitement grew when he saw a rapid series of flashes on the monitor, signaling a burst of brainwaves. Quickly he moved to stand at the bottom of the capsule, ready to open it if indeed it was time. 

The low level of light in the room fluctuated eerily causing her to look like a monster one moment, stunningly beautiful the next. Since he left many specific personality traits to randomness, he had no idea what idiosyncrasies she might acquire and eventually incorporate into her character. The rudimentary development of personality was why it took time in her reaching a state of functionality. The self-analysis program searched identities, making certain there were no conflicts and inconsistencies, possibly causing her to stop functioning. If that were to happen it would ruin any chance he might have in convincing others she was human. 

Though she looked androgynous with her boyishness, she was all female. In human years she looked like a young woman in her late teens. He thought it was the time in a woman's life when they were the most resilient and malleable, willing to please. He was uncertain what he was going to name her, thinking a name would occur to him in time. Watching her face he saw her cheek twitch before she opened her eyes abruptly for the first time. There was a look of surprise on her face when quickly he pushed the first of three buttons to release the vacuum inside the capsule. The second raised the cover before rotating it slowly underneath, out of sight. The third slowly lifted her until she was almost upright. Quickly he removed the wires and connections from her body as she stared at him -- scanning his retina and facial features for identification.

Her milk chocolate eyes were indeed breathtaking, unusually large while still looking human. They were made from two rare gems found in a newly discovered mine on mars. The flecks of gold and the brilliant white diamond particles inside them glittered, reflecting an intellect beyond machinery. Perhaps it was understandable he'd think of Frankenstein but quickly and understandably he dismissed the notion of her being a monster. "Surely no monster could be as beautiful," he thought never considering what he'd do if she showed signs of being dangerous. It was too late anyway. Her sudden humanlike movements brought her to life rapidly, almost taking his breath away. His only thoughts were in observing her behavior and in seeing her function. The first thing he noticed was her intellectual presence and awareness, frightening in its reality. 

She leaned forward taking an uncertain cautious naked step. With a surprising display of grace and elegance she extended a hand to him, tacitly asking for assistance. She looked like an 18th century countess stepping down from her carriage when he was but her footman, instead of her maker. She didn't speak. Instead she moved mysteriously into his arms hugging him, pressing an ear to his chest. 

Her behavior though unexpected found him holding her, allowing her the human contact she apparently wanted. He could tell her thermo-sensors were working as she felt as warm and as soft as any human. Her skin and the subcutaneous layers of padding beneath felt real too, made with liquefied memory foam. It was used in molding her hips, posteriors, thighs, breasts and everywhere else that was soft and yielding on the human body. While holding her he felt her press her groin to his thigh. He dismissed it thinking it was a coincidence until he felt her doing it again when there was no mistaking its sexual intent -- a primary directive revealed. 

Her program of being a sexual surrogate prompted her actions. She was meant to be provocative, encouraging her owner to engage in sex with her. He broke their embrace taking hold of her perfect shoulders, looking deeply into her eyes. Though mesmerizing they glittered with lust and mischievousness as did the grin on her face. He noted something else too; her eyes were slightly crossed. Somehow they only added to her beauty since she was no longer the perfect being he intended her to be. Though he initially thought there was something wrong, he found it refreshing in seeing how an unintended flaw could result in making her cute and alas, more human in spite of his attempts in making her faultless. 

"Do you know who I am," he asked seeing her cocking her head slightly to the side. 

"You're Simon, my creator and maker," she said waiting his confirmation.

Nodding he asked, "And do you know who and what you are."

"I'm the most sophisticated sex-companion the world has ever seen."

Obviously she wasn't something you'd inflate, have sex with, wipe clean, deflate and put back in hiding. She was far too beautiful and human to be treated in such a way. His compassion and projected sense of modesty made him wonder if she was cold. Removing his shirt and offering it to her, she appeared not to understand when he draped it over her back and shoulders.

"It's a shirt. I thought your thermo-sensors would enable you to feel cold. Those round things in the front are buttons," he explained watching her fingers feeling the button and then the buttonhole as she continued to gaze at him. Only the first one took some time but after that her fingers moved rapidly and skillfully, until she stood in front of him comically with all the buttons buttoned; all the way to her neck no less. And then as quickly as she buttoned them she undid them only to repeat the task at a much faster rate of speed. The last time she had them unbuttoned she removed the shirt and with a finger inside the collar she began to twirl it over her head, like a cowboy in a rodeo. He watched her lifelike breasts in amazement, seeing how real and natural they were in movement. Soon she had his shirt spinning so fast it felt as though he was standing in front of a fan when other unsecured items in the room became a part of the whirlwind. Suddenly she sent it flying across the room where it landed out of sight somewhere in the darkness. 

"You like seeing me this way don't you," she said standing before him. Moving closer she placed a hand on his chest. Quizzically she contemplated the hair there before tugging on it as though it was out of place, like a piece of lint. 

"Ouch," he said taking hold of her wrist, seeing her smile in innocence.

"Do I please you Simon," she asked. 

"Yes, you're more than I hoped for," he answered assuredly. To do otherwise would be like admitting failure, something inconceivable as the proof of his success stood in front of him in lifelike untamed sensual beauty. It occurred to him she might not realize just how beautiful she was. Taking her by the hand he led her into his room where for the first time she could see herself in a full-length mirror.

"I'm beautiful. You've made me to look wonderful," she said turning to admire as much of her back and ass as she could.

"Do you want to have sex with me, so you can see if I'm functioning correctly," she offered with encouragement. He was about to take hold of her, to pull her down and onto the bed with him but his hesitation only served to add to her confusion. She stepped backwards looking at him uncertainly, as though there was something wrong with the proposal. And then with seeming indifference she pivoted on one foot walking away, momentarily glancing over her shoulder at him. He watched her walk away; her perfect ass-cheeks rising and falling with each languid step she took before disappearing around the corner and into the main room. He sat on the bed trying to find a single reason for not engaging in sex with her but was unable to come up with anything. If for no other reason than for scientific research, he decided what his course was to be, what we are likely to imagine. 

Moments later she returned with his shirt, handing it to him. He took hold of her hands, pulling her down and onto the bed with him. He caressed her as she caressed him until he was more aroused than he'd been in a very long time. She took great joy in feeling his erection through his clothes, saying as much. He got off the bed removing his clothes as she watched without speaking, until she saw his adequate erection standing strong in this new found unexpected need of his. He moved to the side of the bed when she took him in her mouth. He heard encouraging sounds of approval from her. Her mouth wasn't dry, as it was meant to become moist when sexual activity began. It was wonderful as she was designed to take all of him easily into her throat. There was no pause or need to make adjustments on her part when she engulfed him entirely. And as she moved back and forth eagerly on him he had to insist she stop before it was too late.

