 Silvertree Chronicles Book Twelve, Last One Out 

Synopsis: A flash of light in the night sky signaled the people of the world that something was happening. They could not fathom that death was at hand. 

Inspired by multiple RPG universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchise. © EmotionalStorm December 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

This story does have one scene dealing with an incestual sexual encounter. If that is not something you wish to read then you have the wrong story. This is the last book in this series and I hope you enjoy the read. 

Prologue 

Septa 5th 11005 

Five generations removed from the last champion, the only male heir remaining from her line, Gentor Silvertree and his wife Fresmau gives birth to a son Bindan Silvertree. The mother died just before the child was born. It was a fight against time to save him and his twin did not survive the delivery. Bindan was raised by a great, great Aunt Risnea on Silvertree Estates. His father died in the war two years later. The time between wars got shorter but more frequent in the last three centuries. Expansion into the southern river valley had given them a firm hold over the area. 

A new trading town named Vantus, "Barter" Had sprung into existence well into elven lands but much closer than the capital. Every fifty to seventy years over the last four centuries an infusion of gold came to the Kingdom through the trade conducted there. As requests for undead bane weapons increased. Yet human Kingdoms were not set on anything more than a non-aggression pact in order to conduct trade. 

Through Gods' Eyes 

Septa 1st 11080 

"Today is the day that a Nova is reborn." 

I woke from a horrid dream. I went to the main house and looked at the display case. I sighed, "Just a bad dream." The Patron walked out of her room. She looked down, "Bindan, did you need something?" 

I looked up at her, "I had a dream. A nightmare really. I just had to see that the sword was still active." 

She nodded, "You are not the only one. The head enchanter was here an hour ago doing the same thing." 

I nodded and went to her shelter. We were down to five thousand Silvertree members these days. Each major branch having a shelter of their own. I was a part of a smaller one but the one in which the Moon Blade had followed. I walked back out and headed across the compound to the other building. The one furthest away from the main house. 

I entered. I went to her wing and knocked on the door to her master Suite. She looked at me, "Bindan, you needed something?" 

I chuckled, "I just came from the Patrons home. I told her I had to check that the blade was still active because of a horrid dream I had." 

She looked at me in shock, "Describe it." 

I sighed, "The Blade went inactive. There was something going on with the Sun. Bright one day and dark the next. Then all kinds of monsters everywhere. Undead everywhere. That was when I awoke." 

She pulled me into her room. She pulled a book from thin air and set it in front of me, "What do you see?" 

I smiled, "Besides a spell?" 

She snapped the book closed, "Come with me." 

We opened the shelter and got hit with a flash of light. I looked at her, "What in the fuck was that?" 

She sighed, "You're not an adult yet be careful with your language." 

I rolled my eyes as I followed her. It was still too bright to see but she seemed to know where she was going. We walked into the other house and she walked over to the sword and it had gone dark. 

I looked at her, "That nightmare?" 

She nodded, "That nightmare is coming." She popped open the case. "Take the sword. You had that dream and being able to read that book tells me it is meant for you." 

I looked at her, "What makes you say that?" 

She looked at me, "I have been having that dream since I became head enchanter. I received instructions now do as you are told." The Patron came out again from all the noise. The enchanter looked at the Patron, "Get the amulet. NOW!" 

The Patron turned and got an amulet in a small soft cloth bag. She pulled it out and I recognized the design as everyone got when they came of age. She took it and went to put it around my head. 

I pulled back, "I have four days." She pulled me forward and hung it over my neck. The amulet disappeared in a flash of light. 

I looked at her, "Where did it go?" 

She pointed, "Take your shirt off." I pulled off the shirt to see an amulet buried into my chest and glowing like the moon. 

I looked at her, "What did you do to me?" 

She shook her head, "The Gods did it to you. They selected you. Now take up the sword." 

I turned to move away from her and she grabbed my hand and shoved it onto the blades hilt. My mind felt it was on fire from the intrusion. 

I heard, "I am Nolla'Vasi. I know you did not try to claim the blade and it was thrust upon you. You must fight corruption in your house and protect the elven people. You are worthy and the new wielder. I have the following abilities locked in. Intelligence and telepathic that have no rune. Moon Fire, summon to either hand, Teleportation circle, and the god ability. Built into the blade with each having a rune. Immunity to mental manipulation, Dragon vision, Divine non-detection, disease immunity, Danger telepathic warning, fire immunity, lightning immunity, greater evil dragon bane, freedom of movement, poison immunity, Immunity to critical hits, Casters Critical Multiplier, Spell Catcher, and Draconic grace added by Novella Silvertree. Eighteen runes and you may need them all." 

I looked at the enchanter, "I should use this fucking blade on you for that!" 

She shook her head, "Varus'Nor is a part of you now. Again, watch your language." 

I shook my head, "It is not Varus'Nor it is Nolla'Vasi, Dark Nova. Is that what we just had, A NOVA?!" 

She looked shocked and stared at the blade, "Dark Nova was a movement led by Novella Silvertree the last wielder. Almost two hundred years since her death. I became Master Enchanter ninety-two years ago. I have been having that dream and making things for the Gods not even sure what they are going to do. Going through funds as I got them. There are pieces that need to be made that require two Master Enchanters and serious gold. A billion or more to craft and you are that second Master Enchanter, you can read the book!" 

Nolla'Vasi spoke to me, "The prophecy will be completed. Get the journal you will find several items there including the Champions Armor. Go alone." 

I sighed, "Now I got this sword ordering me around as well." 

I walked over and the blade wielder portal opened from me just by approaching. I thought, "Is that normal?" 

Nolla'Vasi, "I anticipated your request. I differ because I can see through your eyes. I had the ability to see through another's eyes in life and carried it into death to be used with the new wielder." 

I walked inside the master bedroom. The sword led be through twelve hidden vaults. I asked, "What prophecy?" 

I heard, "Ask your Grand Cleric. Then talk with the King and gather the Council." 

I mumbled, "I have no voice on the Council for another four days." 

I heard a sigh, "You are going to ask the King a question in front of the Council. From Nova Silvertree's journal last few pages are what is important." 

I pulled out the book and read through the last few pages. I wanted to get sick. Then I did get sick and missed the chamber pot by feet. I put the gear on studies up my spells and prayed for the others as I had yet to do that today. 

I thought, "The second cleric of Corellon Larethian who has wielded this sword who also happens to be a Master Enchanter. I thought I would be building items in service of the Gods but this is an epically fucked up situation." 

I heard the sword, "Your statement would be funny if not for the serious nature of the problem." 

I walked out, "Seal blade wielders portal." 

I carried one bag with me the Master Enchanter looked at me, "Get any insight?" 

I nodded, "You should come with me." 

She nodded and we walked outside. We had not had house guards in over a century. I took us the church to see the Grand Cleric. We got stopped by a Paladin, "The Grand cleric asked not to be disturbed. He is a meeting with the other Grand Clerics." 

I nodded, "I need into that meeting. Let them know I have the Master Enchanter from House Silvertree with me. I am Bindan Silvertree Cleric of Corellon Larethian and also a Master Enchanter. I am the new Champion to Corellon Larethian. I am here about the prophecy dealing with the recent solar event." 

One of the paladins walked off to the Council chamber. He came back a few minutes later, "Follow me." We followed him into the Council chamber. I nodded to the grand cleric. I took my shirt and armor off so he could see the holy symbol. 

He sighed, "We do not have any information beyond the prophecy." 

I nodded, "I need a copy of the prophecy. I am headed to the Palace. I know you took ownership of them under the reign of the Dark King." I put my shirt and armor back on. One of the clerics tending to the grand cleric handed me the prophecy. I read through it. "This was the last prophecy from this Grand Cleric?" 

He nodded, "There are no more from him. All others have come to pass." 

I nodded, "Thank you for your time." 

I got the Master Enchanter by me and we teleported to the front of the Palace and walked in. I thought, "Are you able to talk to the other swords?" 

I heard, "No. I can send a danger warning." 

I got in line. The King looked in my direct saw the sword and armor. He held up a hand, "I have been alerted to an issue I must address." He got up and a page came over with a note, "Fourth floor. Conference room." 

I took the Master Enchanter and she led the way as she had been here before. I walked around the portal opened. 

I thought, "Anticipating again?" 

I heard a chuckle. I thought, "Why are you the spirit of the sword? What happened to Varus'Nor?" 

I heard back, "In this form, I am something new. Every time you read something or have a conversation, I will record it. Varus'Nor had someone waiting for him in the afterlife. I did not. I am not the nurturer he was. In fact, I barely have it. Only when training others. Given what was coming my time in this sword could be very short. I was trained to be a weapon and now I am one." 

Council members started arriving. I walked into the shelter and stood there waiting for them to get seated. The King walked in. I bowed to him and he waved me off, "In here we are all holders of blades; except for the Master Enchanter you brought with you. 

I have been flooded with inquiries about the significance of the events with the sun. Do you have any answers?" 

I nodded, "Yes. I am Bindan Silvertree. One of the last things she did before she died. She sent the Nova Base away. I know where it went, by the direction of her will and the Gods. It arrived in our sun today and dropped shields. The light is from a release of Magic from the destruction of a relic. It is relevant. I was directed to ask you a question. 

Prior to her death, Nova came to see the King. She asked for the crown to monitor necromancy around the world. To take action to curtail it. Have you been doing that? What do we know?" 

He sighed, "Overwatch has been keeping an eye on areas we can do things about. I told her we cannot be the caretaker for the world. Our duty is to the elven people." 

I looked across and saw the relay crystals. 

I walked out and opened the bag to get the two Gods' Eyes terminals. I walked back in and set them on the table. "I have not turned these on yet. The sword is no longer Varus'Nor and is now Nolla'Vasi. She took over as she had nobody waiting for her in the afterlife. She had lovers but never married for those who do not know. As such her knowledge far exceeds anyone or thing in this room. 

That is not a slight. She was a collector and she is still a collector. Your father told her 'We will see what we can do.' She stressed to him that it was of paramount importance. He dismissed her because he thought age was catching up with her. This is from her journal." 

I turned on the displays. I pressed the crystal on one. "Go west until you encounter a large cluster of necromancy signatures." 

I pressed the other, "Go south until you find a large cluster of necromancy." I changed each display and set each of the twelve in a different direction. 

I looked at the King, "There is a prophecy associated with a nova event. It is millennium old. The same one who predicted Eldar and all of the grand clerics of that time. The Nova Base going into the Nova buys us some additional time. The Nova was destined to occur even before the base was sent or she took the name, Nova. In five hundred years the sun will go dark and the world will be covered in undead. The only way to save our people is to get them out before then. 

The longer we wait, the fewer we will be able to save. We have to build an interdimensional bridge. I will start building vessels in which to carry a portion of our Gods to this different world." 

The Master Enchanter chimed in, "I have built them but they need to be finished. 

I can only do that with a second Master Enchanter. He is that enchanter. He can read the third book." 

I nodded, "Good to know at least that part will go faster. In order to build and activate this bridge, we have to divide our Gods power. Tied to elven relics and our faith in the Gods. Expect the wars to get more frequent. The losses to mount. We have to start scouting other worlds to find one to call home. 

We have to have vessels completed first so we have ties to the Gods for the clerics and even the sources of our magic. That means we have to have all of the pieces built here. This side assembled. Scout and find us a home. Then the other half of the bridge assembled and activated on the new world. We have to have it all built before we take the vessels to the other side. Your Master Enchanters will be split. 

I will be going and leading these scouting efforts when that starts. I had forgotten to mention that I am the new Champion." 

I returned to the displays and cycled through them and they had all stopped. 

I pressed the crystal, "Give us the worldview for all six displays." I repeated it on the other as we looked at the rot on our world. "I would need to get the Council and the King to agree that this is a priority. 

I will need seven on the Council, counting myself as I will be of age in four days, to go with this scouting party. We need sixty fighters, twenty arcane, and twenty divine casters. We can take two bards and two Psions with us. That comes out to a hundred eleven in this scouting party." The King took a seat and motioned us to do the same. 

He looked at me, "What kind of devastation are we talking about?" 

I looked at him, "In regards to population loss. We might be able to save over half to the new world and expect to lose half of that before we have a city; depends on how well we plan. Based upon the design notes I have glanced over the swords are key; it will take fourteen of them to power the gate. 

That gives us a margin of one blade. The scouting party is a one-way trip most likely. At least until the bridge is built. We could be jumping from world to world for a century or more before finding one that is right for us. We would take two-thirds of Gods' Eyes with us, we have a second uplink and a complete set of diamonds. 

We could end up on a world or pass through one that contains other elven colonies or cities. If so, the Gods' connections could be stronger there. We could also be advised to move along because they are more or less advanced than we are in magic. Hard to say until we do this. Then there are our allies and the eternal forge which means a small collection of humans. 

IF we can find a royal who stayed behind. That hundred-eleven would be our elven contingent. We can go as high as two hundred and forty. We cannot do anything about their Gods. Everyone going would be restricted to tier six spells except for me. I will need access to mythic magic to move us." 

He looked at me, "Why two-thirds of Gods' Eyes?" 

I looked across, "When I say fighters, I mean fighters, rangers, and paladins. Even Magus and Blade Singers. Moon Blade would have to be one of the ones to go. Gods' Eyes can be used to check for raw materials like mithril or adamantium. One-third of it does not have a portable display at the moment but that does not mean we cannot use it for the physical display and as a backup to the other. 

It takes nothing away from here because I would have to turn over control of what is left behind. Your capability actually increases." 

He asked, "What becomes of the swords?" 

I looked at him, "Destroyed in the process. Most likely. It does explain why these relics continue to grow in power. To be able to this task. Contact your dwarven counterpart. They may have received instructions and a champion as well. I expect a second champion might appear for us. If it is a blade holder then we can expect to lose our margin of error." 

He shook his head, "You got this from the Gods directly?" 

I shook my head, "I got it from the last champions journal and the prophecy from the grand cleric. I do think it is telling that she is now the spirit of the sword. Carrying this message forward again." 

He sighed, "I would like more information." 

I looked at him and handed him the prophecy, "No divination will function here. Except for the cantrips to check for pregnancy or fertility. Possibly poison, magic, and disease detection. Communication with the Gods directly is cut off. Ask the Grand Clerics. That is why we could be jumping for a century or more." 

He looked at me, "Why the limit on the size?" I sighed, "We could take family members and a few spares. It means more dedicated spells for secure shelters. We do have a time and size limit for the jump itself as we will be jumping to worlds with few parameters defined. That is why we will need a flying and shielded platform to operate from." 

He looked at me, "She just destroyed one!" 

I nodded, "Because the shields were soul sealed you could not add any enchantments to them. We have to enchant it to be able to make the jumps. Else we would be limited on the size even further. It was tied to the sword and the sword was going away. Keeping it out of enemy hands and getting us an additional four or more decades of life from the sun." 

He walked out and got on crystals I looked at the Council. "I would like a preliminary vote on this to see where we stand." 

I sighed as I saw a seven to six in favor. The only good news was that Moon Blade voted in favor. 

The King came back in, "The dwarves had no insight; their clerics cannot perform any significant divination. Same with our own." 

I nodded, "The prophecy said we would have to take it on faith. I asked for a preliminary vote and it came up seven to six. Given this do any of you wish to change your vote?" 

Everyone shook their heads. I nodded, "Change the question. We wish to continue to build and taking the scouting party if they volunteer to go. As it does not require an expenditure of funds the Council does not have to vote on the issue at all. It falls to the King." 

He looked at me, "You are going to continue to build regardless. The scouting party we would take up when you have it built." 
