 Silvertree Chronicles Book Nine, The New Era

Synopsis: Charlus's brush with death took him from the shadows and into the light; when he wished to be seen. He eventually added the Daughter of Butterfly as his fourth wife, Violet Silvertree.

Inspired by many RPG game universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Prologue

Trilia had twenty-three children. Rose had thirty-two and Primrose had twenty-seven. Violet had twelve before dying in childbirth. Of ninety-four children Charlus was forced to put to the sword six of them for corruption. This weighed heavily on him. Thirty-three remained to support the house while the others went on to form or married into other houses.

Over the next six hundred forty-three years, the house grew into the largest house in the Elven Kingdom. The sword taking the lives of another three hundred seventy-two family members before hitting the capacity the trust finally became insolvent. Thirty-seven thousand ninety-one family members who remained. Spawning over forty-three thousand new houses along the way. Over half of which failed. Charlus died at the age of seven hundred thirty-one.

It was at the reading of the will for Charlus Silvertree that the swords made its way into a new wielders hand. The will specifically called out that the sword could only be assumed by one of the youngest eligible adult Silvertree house members. Varus'Nor revealed the final relevant clause of Jarronus Silvertree's years earlier and was incorporated into Charlus's will to finally be revealed.

Septa 15th 9116

Mercian Silvertree had a hard time sleeping. He missed his elder who always managed to find time for family, even as his parents worked to start an enchanting business in a saturated market of enchanters; having lost his father twenty years before. He found himself walking in the Palace district looking up at the Overwatch system. Charlus was next to him. Was this a vision of the future or the past he did not know.

But these words were spoken to him. "When the time comes, the blue eyes of our ancestors will reveal the location of the Knights legacy. Your legacy. The answer lies there."

The King's day started in turmoil as there was a breakdown of communication around the world that nobody seemed to be able to answer. He sent for Charlus who had retired years earlier due to failing health to try and gain answers. Instead, he was informed of his passing. Three days later after his funeral, the King had those in attendance who were specifically called out in his will.

His twenty surviving children and four youngest adult children in the family within his branch. He was in the Fourth-floor conference room. He looked around as he walked in, "We keep these things informal. I will jump right into this as I am dealing with a few crises around the world at the moment." He cracked the seal on the will and opened it up.

"To my family all of my love. With the dissolution of hereditary titles, which I was in favor of, I can dispense with naming an heir to that. The eldest will become the Patron. I will also inform you that Jarronus Silvertree's final will clause was given to me when the family trust became insolvent. Day to day security paid for from my own holdings.

 

There is more than one would expect. Think of all the time I got attacked. Once the trust became insolvent all restrictions on the blade wielders account and Patron's account, formally Duke's account, become obsolete. The Swords special purpose to eliminate corruption in regards to owning businesses have been known for several decades. The sword will still compel the wielder to go after corruption when identified. 

 

However, by now the house should be large enough with a corruption-free base that they watch after each other. There are four of my heirs in attendance who are the youngest of the adults. One of whom will become the new wielder of the blade. That wielder will be led to the sword which nobody has been able to locate by my design. One last mystery for my family to resolve. 

 

Most of the things I created in my life pales in comparison to my children and my family; my greatest achievement. The defense systems around the Kingdom and the Kingdom's Overwatch system are my next great achievements. This will and testament will be only a few weeks old at most. Many things will become clear. To the King, my apologies for the chaos you are left with.

 

I was under divine direction during my enchanting efforts. Everything I built that has highly complex encryption will have stopped working within days of my death. This was not a plan to sew chaos, though it will likely have that consequence. When the gods granted me the ability to craft my understanding of encryption into devices they were all set with a contingency; a two-part contingency. 

 

The survival of the four-part alliance which formed the backbone of the Knights. The second part dealt with my being alive. As the Alliance fell into an unsustainable state over fifty years ago. That contingency was met. If you are reading this then my death has occurred.

 

The communication crystals, dragon workstations, and diamonds in the sky used for global monitoring have failed. This was the direction of Corellon Larethian and Bahumut in regards to keeping the alliance together. As you know the Metallic dragons withdrew from the alliance first. Against the advice of their god. 

 

Followed by the dwarves after the human kingdom dissolved itself after becoming insolvent, yet again. The dragons cut off the Knights Overwatch from accessing the dragons Overwatch immediately upon leaving the Alliance. Suspecting that I was the only one who could duplicate their network. Not what Majisa had in mind when her son took over after her death. 

 

Which I still say was suspicious. In this they were shortsighted. I always had a contingency when I turned over control of this network to them. All communication crystals used in that system fractured. Down to all of the diamonds in the sky used by their network. The means to recreate this system does exist but can only be done with cooperation. Metallic Dragons, Dwarves, elves, and humans. 

 

Like the forge which deactivated with the withdraws from the alliance this was not something they could correct without asking for our help. Which they refused to do; let alone acknowledge that the forge was offline and inaccessible to all member races including themselves. Remember, even at my age I could get in and shut it down. 

 

Accessible only by the blade wielder. The King is reading this wondering why I would do this. He has to remember that sword at his side is like the one that has been by mine for almost seven hundred years. A creation of Corellon Larethian first. A promise to the elven people to protect them. The defense systems and Kingdom Overwatch are still functional.

 

They did not use the same complex encryption I used elsewhere. They did not contain the contingency. They still protect the elven people; at least before the expansion. Bahumut stated that if his people turned from him that mythic spells would be cut off from them and the books with it would slowly disappear. 

 

I recreated the book without any of the necromancy spells and stored them away. Even if they had the books until they learn them again from an elven caster, another teacher, they would be useless to them. To balance the field mythic spells are not accessible to the elven mages who cast them.

 

Not until the Silvertree house blade is reclaimed. My estate goes in its entirety, from my personal gear, control of the main family home including the library, armory, and my bank accounts to the new wielder of the blade. The gods stopped talking with me centuries ago. My path set and having done what was asked of me. Exceeding their expectations. A new champion will be named. 

 

If my request is granted it will not follow the blade. The library wing is sealed as you will discover and my personal gear is inside in the far corner of the armory. This will only surprise the four young adults at the table. The goal and mission I have for the blade wielder and the Champion will be to get the Alliance reestablished. What the gods decide for you is another matter.

 

Charlus Silvertree, Duke and Knight Protector of the Elven People."

The King looked across, "This explains the crises I am being contacted about. Now I have to figure out how to tell dragons that their system is destroyed by the demands of their own god." The youngest of the four stood from the table, "You don't, Your Majesty. It falls to the new holder of the blade to deliver the message."

The King looked at him, "Murnian is it?' He shook his head, "Mercian, your Majesty." He looked at the boy, "Are you the new wielder of the blade?" Mercian looked at the King, "Possibly. If the dream I had is true but I would need access to our Overwatch system to know for sure." The King looked at him, "Why?" Mercian looked at him, "There is something hidden in it that will get me the location of where the sword might be.

Something he built into it but never activated because it would be picked up by the Dragon's Overwatch. The question is to you, your Majesty. Is this lead I may have worth investigating?" He looked at the boy, "Anyone else have a place to start?" He looked around at a quite room. The King sighed, "We shall see what you find."

New Beginnings

I followed the King to his Audience chamber. He sealed the chamber and pulled a crystal, "Lucian, your presence is needed." The 'man' on the other end did not reply and a female elf appeared in the room. She looked over, "Your Majesty this is most irregular." He nodded, "Take Mercian Silvertree up to Overwatch. He is searching for something that may have been hidden in the system by its creator.

Something we may need now. Consider it an order." She looked over, "Of course, Your Majesty. How much access does he have?" He looked at him, "If he finds something, teach him the controls to see if he can find what he is looking for." She sighed and nodded. She walked over to me and we were inside the sphere on the land outside.

Six guards immediately looked to jump into action until she raised a hand, "King's orders, Stand down." They resumed their positions but watched me as she went over and unlocked the seven of twelve locks to get the door open. They walked inside and he saw the three consoles. All positions manned." I looked at her, "I need to look over the consoles." She waved him forward and he walked into the middle of the room and looked around.

He watched them activating different gems to change the elevation or rotate the display. I looked at her, "This workstation was added latter correct?" She nodded, "When he expanded what we could detect with it." I asked, "Any of these gems that you do not use?" She looked over, "Physically manipulate there are four we do not mess with. Two yellow tear-dropped shaped topazes and the two oval sapphires."

I looked over the configuration and the two topazes looked like the formed the shape of a nose pointed at the other two consoles. The ovals pointed at the consoles as well. I put my hands onto the two sapphires, one on each side of the topazes and found they would turn outwards. I turned them until they were sideways and they both lit up. They made a face. The displays in the rooms suddenly had more information displayed upon them.

Lucian walked over and looked at the information, "It is displaying abjuration magic. There is a lot of it in the city. But it is new. Do you know what you are looking for?" I sighed, "I am looking for something out of the ordinary that I can access." She chuckled, "Come here this is one of our two-dimensional displays." I walked up to it like I had worked it all of his life.

I pulled a crystal, "I am knocking." The response came back, "The door is open. "I smiled, "Close the door. Change in plans." I turned to her, "House Silvertree. Protected from entry, scrying, and teleportation. I had him drop teleportation to get a fix on the image signature." Something I could teleport into but is shielded." She nodded. I went through and searched the city and then started searching underground.

I stopped the display, "That is one of the caverns they found a dragon in long, ago right? One of the neutrals?" She nodded, "I believe you are correct. We have never monitored them for abjuration before. I cannot say if it is new. There are a few of them.

I nodded and looked at the others and went back. "I think that is where I need to go." She nodded, "I do not know how much air is in that area." I nodded, "If I am right it will not matter. What happened to the Knights workstations when they got disconnected from the Dragon's network?" She looked at me, "I was not working overwatch when that occurred. I do not know what Charlus did with them.

I pointed, "I am betting they are in that cavern." She looked at him, "Can you teleport into there?" I nodded, "With a scroll. I have a few. Battle Sorcerer silver dragon blooded obviously." She smiled, "I will take you down. Why does a battle sorcerer carry a bow and sword?" I smiled, "I am also a ranger." She nodded, "Interesting, I heard about your family being full of gestalts."

I nodded, "Everyone in my generation is one. I believe it is true going back to before Charlus." She nodded, "He will be missed. Looks like he left us one last gift." I went to pull out a scroll and she held up a hand, "Outside and we have our procedures. I will take you down there. I am curious." We walked outside and she signaled someone.

Then we were inside a very dark cave. I brought a staff around and lit up the crystal to give us light. I held up my hand to signal. I had us move over to the outer edge and we walked the length of it. I pointed over. "That looks like where they came in at previously. There are slight drag marks on the ground. And they disappear over there. They divide off. I am betting he has secure shelters in here."

She nodded, "If he did not set access to us we will not be able to open them." I walked over and extended my hand to the spot on the right and got nothing. I moved to the left side and a portal opened. I walked inside and she followed. "This is a different design." I nodded, "Triple blades and triple walls. Like his encryption." She chuckled until we got further in.

We found half of the workstations for the Alliance Overwatch. I nodded, "The other half is probably in the other shelter." She sighed, "If so we do not have access to it." I nodded, "Not yet." I walked back to the master bedroom and stopped dead in my tracks. She looked over and saw what I saw. The family Moon Blade sheathed in the frame of the bed.

I looked at her, "This kills me you have to let my family know where the blade is located." She nodded, "Good luck." I walked over to set my staff on the bed and grabbed the sword. I fell against the bed while holding the sword outward. I fell into a sitting position as it probed the deepest recesses of my mind. Finally, I heard, "Why do you seek the blade?"

I responded back to the sword, "My Elders will. He wanted to see the Alliance Overwatch to become Operational. For the alliance to be restored. I wish to try and make that happen." The sword asked him, "You swear to work to keep corruption out of your own when it is identified? Even if it means working to disown or potentially having to kill a family member because of their actions? 

 

To face my wraith if you fail to act?" I thought back to the sword, "I know of this grim task. I hope the family remains strong. Where I find rot on the tree it will be cut away one way or the other. I swear it." The sword responded, "I find you worthy Mercian Silvertree I am Varus'Nor. I have the following abilities locked in over the years. 

 

Intelligence, telepathic and Moon Fire. Built into the blade at the beginning and unchangeable. Summon to either hand, immunity to mind control. Immunity to fire, electricity, and poison. Evil dragon and undead bane. Spell turning, Dragon vision, Danger telepathic warning, teleportation circle, a lay on hands ability, and a divine non-detection, and a disease immunity added by Charlus. All locked by the gods or a former wielder. 

 

Also, the God ability added which I do not have access to and cannot confirm. Your mind is not as full as Charlus, but he was unique. A collector of information." I thought, "Can I add paralyze. I know it was one he was considering." I heard the sword chuckle, "I have it set Arcane Tracker. Are you alone?" I thought to the sword, "No Lucian is with me. She helped to get me in here."

Varus'Nor responded, "Let her know she needs to leave the shelter. You have much to retrieve." I looked over at Lucian, "I am alive but I do need to ask you to step outside the shelter. There is more hidden here that I have to access and Varus'Nor requires me to be alone to do it." She nodded and I followed her to the portal. I looked at the portal, "Set portal access to myself and my heirs and the Silvertree champion."

The sword chuckled, "You think the sword and champion will be separated?" I thought back, "The will alluded to it." I walked around and opened all eleven compartments. I was loaded down with gear. I found the sheath and an amulet in the last compartment. I thought, "What do you know of this amulet?" The sword responded, "It will adhere to the chest of the champion once they are identified."

I looked at the symbols, "There appear to be three deity holy symbols and a new one I am not familiar with. It looks like a pair of arms swinging two swords." The sword gave a happy chuckle, "That is the last amulet created by Zirra before she passed on. The new symbol was not part of the description Charlus gave me. A neutral dragon told him the gods had a plan for him. 

 

After death. He may have become a deity. That is a question for the gods. Hold onto it for now. See what the gods say when and if they contact you. You use two swords. He helped to train you in sword combat and acrobatics. That is within you." I stored the amulet away and I went over to the portal. I extended my hand and it opened. She was still waiting. She looked at everything I was carrying.

She shook her head, "He had all of that hidden in there for you?" I nodded, "Apparently." She chuckled as I stepped out. "Close portal." I walked over to the other location and the portal opened. I looked at it, "Close portal." I looked at her, "Another day." She nodded, "The King is waiting for us to return. I nodded and stepped next to her. We appeared in the audience chamber.

He looked at me with the bags of gear and the sword around my waste. He sighed, "Well I was briefed that you found out how to turn on abjuration and you located the storage space of our other Overwatch stations. At least half of them." I looked at the King, "With all due respect they are Knight assets built and paid for by my family. In shelters constructed by my family.
