 Silvertree Chronicles Book Eleven, Dark Nova 

Synopsis: Two Moon Blades destroyed. Twelve captured by a megalomaniac Half-Dragon and Gods have been all but silent for almost three hundred years. When they prayed for a solution the cost would be horrific. 

Inspired by multiple fantasy RPG game universes but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

Prologue 

The years of wars took its toll on Moon Blades as they went from fourteen to eleven. Moon Blade and New Moon's blades confirmed destroyed. Attempt to repair the blades failed within the Capital. While Dusk Moon's Blade status was unknown. The sword jumped family lines into A descendant of Lerian and Millia down six generations. A blade singer sorcerer named Vexeron who was sent on a mission into human lands to find the Goldeagle Moon Blade. 

His search led him to a feudal land overseen by a Barron Brocktell. Rarely seen among the people the Barron lived in a floating keep above the land he controlled. The keep kept inside of a pair of dragon shields. A sphere. The only way to access the keep was through an agent in the town. This agent was considered dispensable; threating to kill him would lead to a response of 'Go ahead I got a hundred to replace him.' 

This had been witnessed by many in the town. The agent looked for two forms of talent. Those who could perform and those who issue a challenge for a duel. A fight to the death. The images of the fight being displayed to the masses to show the fights were honorable. The contestants eligible to make these challenges had to prove their martial ability in a 'pit fight' with no spellcasting allowed; no potions or wands in the pit. 

Only the champion of a tournament could issue the challenge. Only after the fight was over. All fights to the death in an eight-tier matchup. Vexeron entered the tournament and though severely wounded by a couple of competitors he won the tournament. He exhausted all of the healing potions as access to a cleric was also forbidden. He realized he was put through a 'gauntlet.' To drain his resources. 

He activated a crystal back to Left Eye to report his location and to keep communications open but silent. He was teleported up and into an enlarged Blade Singer arena. His opponent appeared; He was a polymorphed Black half-dragon duelist. 

Vexeron asked, "A half-black dragon. When I kill you does this all belong to me?" 

The 'Barron' laughed, "Sure. If you somehow kill me this is yours. Your blade will complete my collection. All twelve functional Moon Blades. That will be another billion to your King for sending you. With a five billion gold pieces bonus for completing my collection. Only six of the twelve made it this far. The others collected from the pit." 

Vexeron looked at him, "You want me to believe I was sent here to give you my blade." 

He smiled, "First it was Find Dusk Moon's blade given to the Goldeagle blade wielder. He made it here. Tired, weak, and broken like you. He put on a good show for the people. The King was happy to have that one out of the way. They get to watch the display but they hear none of this. Then the others were sent after his family blade. 

Dusk Moon, I lured off of the battlefield and into an arena like this. That bastard sword hurt when it connected. The one and only time he hit me. Before I ran Spell Catcher through his fucking heart. I even used this sword to kill my black dragon parent. That got me my first fortune. I have killed forty dragons with this sword. Your death will be much quicker." 

Vexeron scoffed, "You fought forty dragons alone?" 

He laughed, "No with a few human armies. I taught a couple of drow how to create these shields with me. They are tied into A control crystal accessible by this sword. They happily cast the spell to bind their spirits into the shield to make them permanent. We have been watching a long time. I am no champion but I did find a relic to extend my life and then this sword. 

I have collected so many, I age mere seconds to every day. Enough talk. I asked for your blade to be last. The designs for this inspired by your ancestors. Tomorrow your King will announce your non-aggression pact with me. Warning any attack on my people would result in your relics being sent to different planes of existence. They are free of course to go through the tournament." 

They squared off. He had no blade songs and with the field set so low it would not matter. This was a melee contest. One that lasted all of two minutes with him working to get this half-dragon to wear down. He landed several critical shots that did not take effect. 

Varus'Nor told him, "He appears immune to critical hits." 

He rolled away, "Immune to critical hits. Interesting." 

The half Dragon laugh, "You are the first to figure that out. Like you I am a gestalt. I am a summoner. I bound a Protean. I let him unleash chaos when the need arises. If I were to die the first person he will try and kill is you. That weapon fucking hurts. Now it is my turn." 

Vexeron thought, "Add immunity to critical hits." 

Varus'Nor did not have a chance to respond. The half-dragon rolled forward and ran his rapier straight through Vexeron's rib cage and his 'dagger' came in from the side and extended into a full-length rapier as it critically and fatally killed Vexeron. 

He heard the half-dragon say to the corpse, "Not to get you properly cooked." 

The agent on the other end let the crystal go dead. 

He picked up another crystal, "Guard this is Left Eye. I need to speak with your Patron in private." 

The guards called inside and the Patron came out, "You needed to talk with me?" 

He sighed, "In private. It must be in private." 

The Patron cleared the area, "We are secure. What is wrong?" 

He sat down and recounted the events. Everything he documented and had pulled from the logs in Left Eye. The accusations and implications. 

The Patron sighed, "You contact me tomorrow or when you are on shift. I have others to talk with. Thank you for informing me." 

He went inside and found his two widows, Brena and Starista, the Master Enchanter, in addition to the family Cleric to the Lady of Dreams and Corellon Larethian. They prayed together for an answer. The answer came to them. A horrific answer. 

Auga 36th 10106 

The Master Enchanter looked like she was going to get sick. She looked over at the Patron, "You must leave. You can have no part in this for the sake of the house. When he calls back Starista will be the contact. You must leave and play to the court. Follow his direction. Be the good House Silvertree. No matter what!" 

The Patron nodded and left. 

She looked around, "This group will have to do. Those here must swear an oath to never reveal this discussion until the child asks." 

Everyone nodded. "We are going to overthrow the King. Bring his entire family down to one. The heir to the blade. Brena, he has a few years before he is an adult, but you will need to start expressing your interest in Monnius Goldeagle. He is way down on the list of those in line with the throne. You will find him to your liking in bed but you must foster a relationship so that he marries you." 

Brena glared at her and in an emotional shriek, "I was just told my husband is dead and you want me out looking for my next husband?!" 

The Master Enchanter looked at her, "In order to expand this circle each of you must contribute. Some more than others. I have to create two amulets. One for Starista and one for the one child that will be born. I know you are carrying twins but in order to do this, the power of one has to be fused into the other. Your daughter will be an unparalleled assassin. Trained here. 

A Bard, an unparalleled psion, and a duelist. We will need to keep her psionic abilities secret. The King has banished all psionics from the capital with this last decree. You will not register and not leave this home. We can use the training ground as your new home. There is more. 

Starista, this will kill you when you give birth. Part of you will fuse into the child as well. You have to name your daughter now. This is the only way is what I was told." 

Starista sat there shaking, "Will this child be a champion?" 

She nodded, "A hidden one from birth as her amulet will hide under her skin. She will not even see it. She will learn every song and tale in the library; she will be a collector like Charlus. There are abilities on the Baron's sword he uses. Abilities that could be added over two or three lifetimes. They would give power to a Moon Blade NEVER seen before powers. 

Her life will not be easy and her power will be unparalleled. She will be a seductress assassin. Her first encounter will produce children that will be raised by Villana and Brena separately in your new houses Two male gestalts. Raise them as your own until it is time for them to be revealed. She will have a hard time loving them because of who the father will likely be. How her first time goes, that is all I can say on that. 

Villana, you just came of age, but you will need to pursue Shanus Moon Blade. Yes, he is older but he is also a master craftsman and widowed a year. His youngest daughter is destined to wield her repaired family blade. His skills will be needed to do this. They are crucial. Roanu, you will go after Crearian New Moon. A bit awkward when talking to the ladies but you will find love with him. 

He is destined to wield his repaired family blade. The problem is not just who repairs it but where. The damage to the blades can only be repaired on the eternal forge. Do not think I am just relaying this information. I have to create these two amulets. To bind them together will kill me. A new family Master Enchanter will be selected." 

The ladies looked at her in shock. Brena spoke first, "This thing will kill you, Starista, and one of the unborn children." 

The enchanter nodded, "One amulet will be larger, that one goes to Stairsta, the other is smaller and goes to the child. Once you put it on there is no going back. You need to tell us her name." 

Stairsta, looked at her, "The accusations are true?" 

She nodded, "Yes." 

She looked down, "Novella'Silver Silvertree. She can use Novella Silver when traveling. With a Nickname of Nova, because she sounds like she will be a terror on two feet to the enemy. A light to shine on this corruption." 

The ladies all hugged as the resistance was born. 

Auga 37th 10106 

Left Eye called, "I need to speak the Patron alone." 

The guard responded, "Vexeron's widow is the one who wished to talk with you today." 

The guard contacted inside. Starista looked over, "Clear the area." He nodded. She answered, "This is Stairsta Silvertree. You heard the announcement today?" 

He sighed, "Yes. I was wondering what I should do?" 

She asked, "You know the entrance to House Silvertree. To teleport inside?" 

He responded, "Yes I was shown it long ago." 

She reached over, "Access is open for you. Bring those pages with you." He arrived and handed her the pages. 

She looked at him, "We need to know how far you are willing to go to correct this?" 

He looked at her, "As far as needed." 

She nodded, "You have full access to the facility to add others?" 

He nodded. "Yes." 

She sighed, "Go back and clear all of the personnel. Confiscate all communication crystal. Tell them it is an emergency lockdown. If you have a wife and children take them to Left Eye." 

He shook his head, "Asexual." 

She nodded, "Then use this teleport blocker it has two crystal. One for you and one for Nova in case you need something. You call in do not give a name and just ask for Nova. The crystal will get into the hands of the right living person. Nova is the coming champion. Remove all access except to you. 

Ask, 'How do I know I can trust you?' The answer is. 'The King sold the Moon Blades.' That is your challenge question before you open teleport and they have to be secure. If you are not actively using the displays stay offline and close the portal. Monitor if they are working to tunnel toward you. They get close contact this crystal and tell them 'Nova I am taking a vacation.' 

Only contact us if you have something to report. We contact you we will say 'This is Nova. Having an interesting day?' They still have Overwatch so the odds of them tunneling is small for the chance they COULD get in. Send one final message to Overwatch. 'The Kingdom needs to have the sleep of the dead. The eyes of the world are closed in death. The Lady of Dreams is calling.'" 

He smiled and then looked at her, "She involved?" 

She nodded. He left. The following day Hisoran Bramble Bush, a house of one, was declared an enemy of the Kingdom and wanted for questioning. 

Feba 36th 10107 

Stairsta, Villana, and Brena took to checking on Brixana the Master Enchanter a few times a day. This day they found her dead. It was early and the ladies walked over and saw the two glowing amulets. A short cryptic note to the uninitiated was left on the table. 

"Today is the day that a Nova is born." 

Stairsta took the amulets and went back to her room with the two clerics. She stripped down and handed the smaller amulet to Brena the cleric of the Lady of Dreams, the cleric that venerated dreams and death. 

She laid back, "Jannela and Brocken. Those are the two to raise and train her." 

The ladies nodded. She put the amulet on and screamed to the heavens. Her body convulsed. Ten minutes later she gave birth to a daughter. They put the amulet on her and cut the cord as instructed after another ten minutes of listening to the mother wailing. Starista died instantly. The two clerics were traumatized by witnessing this. They cleaned up the child. 

Villana checked, "There is no body within the womb." 

They looked at the child and shook their heads. 

Brena sighed, "Have faith this will work." 

Jannela and Brocken where both Silvertree and married from distant and different branches. Both infertile with Jannela being a Master Bard who announced she would be traveling. Her husband was a registered Psion and barred from the capital. He used a suppression device to block any psionic detectors from going off. 

The Elven War Horses set them off for fun. If they were not so useful to his military he would bar them from the city as well. They arrived, the entire wing was cleared. The Patron set them as having full control and they set it so only the two clerics could come in for now. 

Septa 2nd 10117 

Jannela woke in a scream and her husband 'heard' it and went and found her thrashing in the bed. He slid the suppression ring onto her finger and she calmed and woke up. 

Nova looked at him, "I remembered my mothers' death. I felt what she felt from it. Like she was being torn asunder. I know she did something to me. I know something is missing but it is not missing. That does not make sense." 

He nodded, "She sacrificed her life, giving birth to you, that is a loss but she is always with you." 

The girl sensed and knew there was more. She knew he was the wrong one to ask. His answer was enough to get her to lay back down. 

He went back to his wife Jannela, "I know what you saw. She was broadcasting it. She is fifteen years younger than me when I started manifesting. She is a very young child; too young. I might need help with her. She remembers that much detail from birth." 

She looked over, "Not him?" 

He sighed, "Yes, He is still around. Lives in a cave out in the plains. Secured like a fortress but is easy enough to talk to him from the entrance." She sighed, "I can take us but you are talking about bringing him into this. He is a non-interference dragon." 

He nodded, "He stayed nearby to help train others that he picks up in the area. To learn to control their powers. To understand their minds. He touched the mind of Charlus. He trained several of his psionic children but this might be the one he has been looking for. He may consider it." 

He got up again and went to leave and realized he only had the one ring. 

He walked back, "Contact Brena to watch her. I need the enchanters working creating rings to block her ability to read every mind she is exposed to. She gets powerful as quickly as I fear, she will then need you to tell her the rest of the detail of her birth." 

She shook her head, "Brena needs to do it and no waiting; NOW." 

She got up and dressed. She left the home and pulled a crystal. "Brena we really need you at the house. How soon can you get here?" 

Brena sighed, "I am up and just clothed. I am pulling him out of bed. I wore his ass down last night, figuratively and actually." The guard chuckled. "Jan, you have the guard still there?" 

Jannela sighed, "I just need you to get here. Contact the house when you are ready." 

Just over an hour later and she arrived and entered alone. 

Brena looked at her, "What is going on." 

Jannela glared back at her, "Get your husband it is time for him to know the rest. She is manifesting and remembers being born and what her mother felt. She broadcasted it in vivid detail." 

Nova opened the portal and came from the acrobatics area and walked over to Brena, "I remember being born. What did you put around my neck? Why did you wait so long before cutting the cord? Why did that cause her to die?" 

She held up a finger and grabbed her husband of five years. She brought him in. "I need to get Villana." 

Nova called out, "Good, I want to know why she was looking for a body in my mother's womb." 

Brena ran for the door and Brocken took her back to the gymnastics area. 

Jannela looked at a very confused gold-elf and smiled, "We are about to shock your world so you might want to take a seat or you might fall over." 

He walked over and sat down. They were soon joined by Crearian, Villana, Brena and her husband of less than a week Crearian New Moon. Brena had the pages from Left Eye in hand. 

Brenna got the three husbands circled together, "Read." They read through the entries. 

Monnius looked at her, "He sold and conspired to kill off all of the Moon Blade holders. What are the Gods doing about this?" 

She motioned for Vilanna to get Nova. She came in and they laid out the framework of the resistance and the fact that Alliance Overwatch was dead to the King. They could still contact the renegade enemy of the Elven Kingdom who manned Left Eye. They then told Nova everything. 

Monnius looked at her, "That is a lot to put on an infant." 

Jannela looked at him, "Technically she was not born yet when this started. Last night she broadcasted her entire birth including you saying, 'Have faith this will work.' That was my gentle nudge to start my morning!" 

Monnius looked at her, "You remember everything you hear?" 

She nodded, "See, touch, and feel. I remember it all. I have elven and common with all of its sub-dialects down so far." 

He looked at the ladies, "What does she mean by sub-dialects?" 

Nova answered, "You see them as the languages of the Far East and Far West. Spoken by humans but not common. I know them all as one." 

He asked, "Anything physical you can do?" 

She nodded and ran for the portal and went to the acrobatics area. She worked through backflip, forward flips, and no-handed cartwheels. She moved to the beams going to just shy of the ceiling and jumped down. She spun around on her head like a top and then flipping int a backflip in the air. Landing on her feet. Monnius walked out shaking his head at what he had just seen. 
