 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Silvertree Chronicles Book Eight, Drums of War 

Synopsis: Charlus finding himself at odds with the Lady of Dreams. Leaves his wife in the care of his family why pursuing his destiny to restart the Knights. The time has come for him to come home. 

Inspired by the Forgotten Realms Dungeon & Dragons universe but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchise. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

Prologue 

Charlus avoided any major entanglements for a few months. Finally, he was forced into joining in with a group of human adventures to assess what they were capable of doing and to attract less attention. He spent a month with them as they were into dungeon crawling. It got him to his next town and a new horse had to be acquired as his elven warhorse got killed while in a dungeon. He hung around in that town for two months. 

Getting the lay of the land. The people and the politics of those involved. He attracted the attention of the local thief's guild. Not for anything he did. Because they became aware he had skills but was not a member. That threat did not last long as he sent three dozen back to them with their tongues removed and their heads in their laps. Found scattered across the town. 

By the time they got an idea as to who was possibly behind the deaths, the red-headed human had disappeared. Four months later he found himself in the Far East. He came upon the ruins of the elven academy and the compound. The place was at war with another regional warlord and people were being conscripted left and right. He listened in at pubs to get information on the players involved and what the fighting was about. 

Mostly the value of using each other's people as slaves. He did a few private unaffiliated covert missions on both sides of the border freeing slaves and helping them to escape via small boats into another province. He did this for almost seven months and then he disappeared again. He found a few likeminded individuals in those he helped to free and in the new homeland he visited. It was largely untouched by the war and he became immediately suspicious. 

When he saw the local warlords were chromatic dragons waging war on each of their neighbors. He warned the few he trusted to search for a new home. Three months in and he got word a few were trapped. Charlus went and found them. He took them to the southern border road heading for home. He pointed them to Quatarsia and seven men with three women went about heading into elven lands. 

The border wall had been started but had stopped just as quickly from the looks of it. Some elven and human families had moved across to establish farms with no cover. He knew enough that war was coming again sooner rather than later. During his absence, nobody in the elven kingdom heard from him. His wife only knowing he was alive from his ring. 

The Return 

Feba 14th 8431 

I teleported a few hundred feet from the main gate and did the same once I got to the palace district. Things seemed too lax. I teleported in front of the palace and walked in with my face still altered and my hood up. I stood in the back as the Queen talked to the human. She looked at him, "Commander your references seem to be in order from the Human Kingdom but we have not decided on a replacement or if we will just yet. 

We are still hopeful Charlus Silvertree will continue with the Alliance Monitoring Service. I have your information but we are waiting a few more months to see if he returns from the diplomatic exploratory mission." He bowed to her, "Your Majesty, I do not know of Charlus Silvertree other than he has saved some people and he was some sort of genius with communication devices. I am a man with a military background and unmatched fighting skills. 

I would welcome the opportunity." I watched him, especially his left ear. Not visible or noticeable to the untrained but he bore the mark. As he left in a huff talking to another 'man' he did not know, "I do not know what they see in an elf who goes missing for almost two years." I flipped in the air and kicked him in the back of the head and toward the door and tumbled over and had his hands manacled before the guards could move. 

I looked at the guard to the side as I stood over the other guy. I teleported us into the Queens Audience chamber. I pulled back my hood and let my features return to normal. I looked at the Guard Captain, "I should have your head. Where in the fuck are your glasses? He looked shocked as guards came in and I looked at them as I pulled forth a crystal, "Stern, Queens Audience chamber. Let her know Enigma is back." The guards stopped dead and I revealed my sword handle to them. They paused. 

I looked at one, "You are a caster. If you can get those off of my prisoner do so. Else back the fuck off." I stepped back as the guard came forward and he looked at them, "Nobody can get these off. They are encrypted, it could take years." I nodded. "Where is Stern?" He looked at me, "Dead almost six months." I nodded. I pulled out a crystal, "Majisa would you let the Queen know her presence is requested in her audience chamber?" 

I heard a squeal, "Charlus!!" I smiled, "The one and only." The crystal went dead. The Queen came in a few minutes later and looked at me and the human on the floor out cold. I bowed, "Your Majesty, you might wish to send your Guard Captain home to find his glasses as I stood right in front of him in an altered form. Find whoever is on Overwatch as I crossed the city and into your palace without being challenged. 

Also, your guards on duty at the gate, the city guards on duty at the main gate and their supervisors. I reached down to the prisoner and dumped a bag of holding with almost a thousand rings in them. "Also, with Stern's replacement for a threat assessment." She looked at the Guard Captain, "Get those people rounded up." She looked at me, "How did you know about him?" I pulled back his left ear. 

She saw the tattoo of a man hanging by his feet upside down. "Slave trader, commander based upon the number of knots on the rope. You move up, stay the same, or die in that trade. Before you ask yes those are those kinds of rings, your Majesty. I did not draw a weapon." She walked across and hugged me, "Thank you. The humans were pushing hard for him to take over for you." I nodded, "Get his list of references." 

I pulled out a crystal, "Base One do a scan over the palace, Queen's audience chamber and one over the human palace and surrounding area. Check for necromancy auras." I heard back, "We are not picking anything up. I shook my head, "Base Two scan palace for necromancy Auras. I heard, "Who is this?" I sighed, "The one in the Queens Audience chamber giving you direction." He came back, "I am seeing a slew of them." 

I sighed, "Who is on duty in Base One?" He came back, "I would need to know who you are. "I looked at the crystal, "As soon as the Queen reinstates me from my absence your Commander Charlus Silvertree. He called out, "We have three new humans over there." I nodded, "How many with you and how many are dragons?" He looked around, "There are three dragons here and six elves. Humans took over Base One." 

I nodded, "Get them to drop shields take them all into custody secure hands by breaking fingers if you have too." I heard him chuckled, "Thank you, Commander, they have been cutting us out of the loop for a couple of months now." I looked at her, "The human with this one?" She pointed. "Still up front. I looked at her guards, "Bring him in here and break his fucking wrists in the process." She nodded to them. 

She looked at me, "Productive trip?" I nodded, "Too productive, your Majesty." The human was the first to arrive I flipped him around and snapped his neck and then removed the ring and put it on to reveal the half-dragon. I took it off and threw it with the others, "Get him out of here through the dungeon. Disintegrate works." The caster nodded. He took him away. I shook my head as an elf I did not recognize came in. 

I looked at him, "Who are you? He looked at me and the guy on the floor, "I am...I am with the Diplomatic Service. I looked at the Queen, "Codename scared rabbit, your Majesty. I have not been home yet. I walked through the front gate unchallenged, then the Palace district gate, and then the palace. Needless to say, things are fucked, your Majesty. You handle Overwatch?" He nodded, "Yes, I oversee it with a half-dozen new recruits." 

I looked at him, "Exactly when did you become an old recruit?" He looked at me, "Six months ago. I was halfway through my training when Stern was killed along with most of the senior service members." I nodded, "How goes that investigation. He looked at the Queen, "What investigation?" I shook my head. I looked, "Is Sterns father still around?" She nodded, "Retired and his health is not great. I pulled out a crystal, "Old wise one." 

I heard his sigh, "Enigma. Thought you might have died as well." I looked over, "Your service is needed Overwatch has failed epically." I heard him sigh, "I thought they had a new agent on that." I chuckled, "You mean the one who only made it halfway through his training. Took twenty minutes to get to the Queens Audience chamber. That agent?" He sighed, "Will be right there. 

He showed up next to me and he bowed to the Queen and looked at all the rings, "From your trip? I shook my head, "No, he is from the Far East. Slave trader, Hanged Man Guild. They provide human women to be raped by chromatic dragons and males to be eaten by them." He shook his head, "That bad out there." I nodded, "We need a briefing at some point. "I pulled a crystal, "Base One status?" 

I heard the response, "The humans did not surrender easily. The presence of two dragons did them in quickly. Two found with necromancy rings on them." I nodded, "Restrict access to both bases, clear all shelters in Base One. Get back to me in ten minutes." I put the crystal away and looked at the Queen, "Your Majesty formally request to be reinstated from my leave of absence from searching into the diplomatic situation in the expanded human lands." 

She nodded, "Granted!" I looked at my old trainer, "You think you can find the time to teach this young pup the right way to use Overwatch and clean up the capital and get him started with the others?" He nodded, "For my grandson sure. You have been missed." He walked out with the one agent and I sighed, "Your security is in a shamble. I will spend a couple of days helping to get things corrected in the Kingdom, your Majesty. 

Any big changes in Quatarsia? She shook her head, "No they have been stable. Not many humans there. I pulled out another Crystal, Duke Strong Oak?" He came back, "Silvertree When are you coming back? I smiled, "In the Queens Audience chamber. Ten humans coming across land bridge be sure they are welcomed I brought them here but they do not know that." 

He chuckled, "The pointed ears did not give you away?" I smiled, "Spent two years traveling under an alter self. Please get a team up to the fourth floor and get my shelter open to let them stay there. Anything they need let me know. I pulled them out in a hurry. Horses and saddles included. They do not speak elven and there common is horrid but if you know far eastern regional dialects then you can talk with them. 

Get someone with linguistic skills at the academy over to meet with them." He sighed, "You always this bossy." I smiled, "You should have seen what I did to the Guard Captain in the palace or the human who wanted my job and had a bag filled with a thousand of these rings." He sighed, "Alright I am getting off easy." I let the crystal fade. I pulled the crystal to house Silvertree, "Zirra home? I heard a response, "Who is asking." 

I smiled, "Must be new. Get her for the Queen." I heard him set the crystal down and Zirra responded, "Your Majesty?" I smiled, "Not quite my grandmother but she is standing next to me. I want the house on lockdown. Let the guard know. When I call, to be ready to let me in or I will cut the doors off the place." I heard her laughing, "She has been worried sick about you. When will you be here? 

I sighed, "As soon as I deal with the security breakdown in the city." I heard her sigh, "She is close to delivering. She is on bed rest." I nodded, "Tell her to stay rested or I will repeat our wedding night." She laughed, "Will give her the message." The crystal to Base One came on, "Base One is secure. What do we do with the third human?" I thought, "Turn him over to the dragons have one of them take him to dragon lands and one of the neutrals can see if he is a slave trader. 

I want one dragon and one elf kept in place there until I get there tomorrow. I will secure Base One and you can operate exclusively out of Base Two. Have our dragon friends check for dragon wards while they are at it. Check that the equipment is working right. check Elven palace for necromancy. Queens Audience chamber." I heard a response, "Yes it appears to be working fine. We see a slew of them." 

I bagged up all the rings. The human on the floor started coming too. I looked at him in a Far Eastern dialect, "Hanged Man Guild does not tolerate failure." He looked up at me, "Who in the fuck are you?" I looked at him, "The elf with no combat skills who you wanted to replace." I stripped off his clothing and removed all the dragon wards I found, "Ok tiny. Now that nobody is listening in using your body. 

You might know me better as the stealth butcher." He looked at me, "He is human. I sat down and ran through a dozen human images in front of him. He looked white and pissed on the Queen's floor. She looked at her guards, "Get him out of here." I held up a hand, "Manacles so I can pull mine off. No sense in someone trying to disenchant them to watch his hands get crushed off. He will die quickly enough." 

They put there's on and I pulled mine off. I looked as he left. I cleaned the floor using magic to get rid of it. She looked at me, "Stealth butcher?' I nodded, "I infiltrated and killed over two thousand slavers and released over twenty thousand slaves in the Far East while I was there. I got a few agents out there and brought ten back who need training in language skills first, your Majesty." 

I pulled out another crystal, "White Crane. Are the winds favorable? I heard back, Storm likely is six or seven days." I groaned, "Eight hundred coins the going price?" I hear back, "Closer to two thousand. Going fishing." I put the crystal away. "He was worried about being spotted. He is in a small fishing boat in the region. Night time there. He will be fine." I pulled a crystal, "Majisa you should have a prisoner from Base One. 

I needed to know when you might be available for a risk briefing." She sighed, "Tomorrow at the earliest and they just brought the human in and gave us an update. There is more?" I smiled, "A few thousand if not a few hundred thousand." She sighed, "Be there in five minutes." Finally, the guard from the front gate, his superior and the one from the palace district and his superior arrived. I looked at them. "Do you remember me walking into the city today?" 

They shook their heads and I switched forms and they nodded. I looked at them, "A simple detect magic, illusion should have picked me up. Let alone the half-dragon we took down in here when I arrived. Your people have these glasses, they show up for a shift without the glasses they better return home and get them or start forking out the money to have them recreated. They let me through into the palace district completely unchallenged. 

Trust the Captain of the Guard. He got an earful because I stood right in front of him and took down a human commander before he could figure out what in the hell I was doing. I also ripped into the ones using Overwatch. The four of you are on duty until Overwatch tells you that the city is cleared. Six hours to sleep and eat. Pick! Before you ask I am Commander Silvertree. What are you calling it now Alliance Monitoring Service? 

I built the fucking thing for the Alliance to use." The Queen nodded, "The Human King's input into it. He wanted one of the bases for humans to use." I nodded, "When I see him I will let him know when he has casters talented enough they can ask that. Until then they can stay the fuck out of my home, your Majesty." She chuckled, "Good to see you back. Not keeping a very low profile, are you?" The guards were gone. 

Majisa walked in I secured the room and she came and hugged me. I looked at her. "Diamond thirty-four. Focus your activities there for the moment." She thought, "That is a safe zone." I shook my head. "They are close to finishing two thousand naval vessels with several hundred half-dragons on each. They have been breeding the slave population like rabbits. Around diamond fifty-four two hundred gold and bronze dragons should be able to sink a majority in two to three passes. 

Use Dragon Riders and you can feed the Sahagian. I figure that is still four thousand or so that would get through. Start scanning the human kingdom for necromancy. She looked at me, "They wanted there own doing that. I held out the open bag, "From the guy wanting to replace me." She sighed, "Will get them started. You at least came back with news." The Queen chuckled, "Also a nickname. Stealth Butcher." 

Majisa looked at me, "That name has been circulating for the last six or seven months. You?" I nodded. She shook her head, "Wow they fucking want you badly. Been killing the warlords' men." I laughed, "You mean slavers headed up by chromatics playing as warlords and his half-dragon and slaver buddies then yes." She nodded. "Noted. Unchecked aggression and stealth are deadly." I looked at the Queen, "Did you need to make an announcement today?" 

She shook her head, "No I want you back at mid-day with the human King. Also, the dwarven King who wants to thank you for the rescue you pulled off. They are back into crafting mode. It took one of our casters to find that teleport blocker." I nodded. She unsealed the room and I teleported just myself to the palace gate and walked out I pulled the crystal, "I am knocking." The voice came back, "Feel free to enter. 

I teleported into the home. I looked at him, "Now you know who has that crystal." He nodded. I stuck out a hand and opened the portal. I walked inside. I barely made it through the wall before getting mugged by mothers. I pulled them back, "Wall up." I looked at them, "Where is she?" They pointed, "Your old room. I nodded and went into my room and she smiled and cried. I sat beside her and hugged her. 

I heard a sigh from across the way. I saw her mother and nodded to her, "Things are much worse in the world than we hoped for. She looked at me, "How bad?" I looked at her, "The guy they wanted to replace me with had a thousand necromancer rings and was an officer in a slave trader company bad. The two thousand ships they are building are months away from launching bad. 

Then the humans infiltrating Base One were half-dragon or half-dragon sympathizers bad. I was reinstated to oversee the system I built. I entered the city in altered form and made it into the palace in front of the Guard Captain without being detected bad. I have to be at the palace at mid-day tomorrow." She nodded, "You give them hell." I kissed her hand. "I know you have been worried. 

To maintain cover I could not be seen with communication crystals going off or going off in dangerous environments." Her mother glared at me, "She should not have to have been going through this alone." I stood up. "I asked her to come with me. She knew I had to leave to get a diplomatic assessment of what was going out in the human lands at some point. She decided to stay with my family. I did not lock her away. 
