 Book Ten, From the Ashes

Synopsis: Mercian Silvertree's unexpected and untimely death at four hundred sixty-six years of age was heartbreaking. The destruction of the two most powerful Moon Blades requiring their Moon Stones to be replaced was destabilizing to the Moral of the Army still in conflict.

Inspired by many RPG games but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchises. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work.

Prologue

Mia 21 9506

At the request of Corellon Larethian, the Queen and Mercian's Widows had delayed the reading of the will until the sword was ready. The Night before the will was read, a young Vessan Silvertree was visited by the Lady of Dreams at the falls. To be here was a shock to her. She took a knee, Lady of Dreams, "I do not know why I am here. I am not a candidate for the sword. The Lady looked at her, "Please stand.

You are the next wielder of the sword but you will not be a champion." Vessan looked at her and shook her head, "I am shit with a sword, it has been stripped of any power or benefit even remotely usable by my classes, we are at war, and there are three others who are way better suited. I forgot! I like women and am infertile as well. There is no reason for me to be the wielder of that blade. Add in the fact that I would not be champion means a short life.

The lady sighed, "You are not wrong your life would be significantly shorter than planned." She looked at the Lady of Dreams, "How long would I live if I took up the blade versus what was planned for me?" The lady looked at her as she walked back and forth, "You would live less than a decade. You would have lived another five hundred and twenty plus years." Vessan groaned, "You want me to throw away five centuries of my life?

For a weapon I do not want? Why would I do that?" The Lady of Dreams looked at her, "Your younger brother was to be the new wielder during this time if something happened to Mercian." Vessan looked at her, "He cannot. He is only seventy-two. It has to be an adult according to the will." The Lady nodded, "Yes and we want him to start a family before doing so. The loss of two Moon Blades.

The two most powerful Moon Blades during this time makes it difficult to keep them off the field. The other wielder is in a similar situation. Having a similar argument." She looked at her, "MY LOVER?!" She nodded, "Yes. Though she does not have as long of a life expectancy as you do. She was expected to live another two thirty years. She is wanting to know what is your answer." Vessan looked at her, "Then I have a choice!

What happens if I turn it down? If she does?" The Lady sighed, "The loss of moral would cause the war to go on twenty or more years with a loss of a quarter of a million more elven lives; not counting the lives of our allies. You would both need to do this. One will not work well enough." Vessan shook her head, "Then I want both blades returned to full power. All of the abilities that got lost."

She shook her head, "You do not realize the power each blade requires to hold each ability. It is only a fraction for one but you; neither of you even together, have the required energy needed to do one blade to full power. Not those blades as powerful as they were." Vessan looked at her, "How many abilities would we lock in using every ounce of energy? She sighed, "Six or seven depending on which abilities were added.

But then there would be nothing to pass on. That would make you fully spirit bound to the sword and a voting member. Something we removed from the blades and we would not put that back." Vessan groaned out, "How many would you allow for the seven hundred fifty years of our lives we are giving up to make this sacrifice?" The lady looked at her, "Counting your own addition into this, we could look at five on each blade.

That would leave enough to pass on. None of this would occur until you had passed. It would only be for the two of you. No future wielders and no other blades unless a catastrophe of this nature were riding on the outcome. You would have to survive six years and one of the abilities you would have to experience or be able to do it in order to add the ability.

No discussing it, putting this in the journal, and the blade wielder will never know if you fail to reach at least six years. The blade will not know until you have passed and succeeded. You also must work diligently to get the next wielder ready; married with children on the way if not already born." Vessan sighed, "You cannot guide him to love but there is nothing that would keep you from telling us where my brother's wife or wives are likely to find it correct?"

She nodded, "True. In the case of Mercian, I used his stallion to guide him. Brinna wanted me to tell you are one talented negotiator. She will agree if you do because of what is at stake. She stated you could have talked me out of my clothes but I already chastised her about that. She still wanted you to know because you cannot talk about this while you are alive or what each of you is leaving your swords.

Though there are a few overlaps but surprisingly not many." Vessan smiled, "There is only one I enjoy talking out of her clothes and I have done that and more already. Plan to again when we wake up." The Lady of Dreams laughed, "I passed it to her and she agreed on all of what you have said. Which abilities did you want to do?" Vessan looked at a list, "This one Eldar did for Brannar and works for everyone.

This one, Dragon Vision, Jazzia did for everyone. That one, disease immunity, Charlus did so nobody else ever had to do it again. The divine non-detection; he had a hell of a life on the run. Good for anyone. I also want danger sense but do not know how to get that." The lady nodded, "Ask Moon Ray at the activation ceremony to send a danger warning telepathic to you. The Moon Ray Blade learned it from your family blade.

The wielder at the time wanted it for the future as well. All excellent choices and the last will be what you pass to the sword if you fail in your tasking." Vessan nodded, "I agree." She smiled, "Moon Bow is doing the same one as her ability. I only mention it because you both chose that one and will get it the same way. Time for you to wake up and claim the blade."

That evening two Moon Blades were reclaimed after being repaired Varus'Nor was active again though much weaker. Vessan updated her will and stored the armor away for her brother and next champion to avoid a fight. She asked Mercian's wives to remain to oversee the Blade wielders home as she was out fighting.

Auga 30th 9507

Lerian Silvertree officially became an adult. His sister came home knowing that her Lover Brinna had already succeeded in this step. Vessan wanted to take the Dragon by the tail and get him headed down the right trail. She arrived home and went to the Blade Wielders wing. She went and knocked on his door. Lerian opened the door, "I thought you were fighting?" She smiled, "Not today unless you pick a fight, little brother.

He smiled, "Not today. I am an adult today and I get to set my own course. I am trying to decide which group to join." She looked at him, "I have a favor to ask of you. Consider it a thank you for taking up this sword so it is not waiting for you today." He sighed, "Alright, I know you could have turned it down. In a way, I am relieved it will pass me by."

She laughed, "Don't get ahead of yourself. You're not out of the woods until you are no longer one of the four youngest adults." He sighed, "Then you better live a nice long life. What is the favor?" She smiled, "Take up enchanting and stay out of this conflict. Unless I die on you. Then feel free to get revenge." He looked at her, "I know I did not become a full up battle mage instead I picked up some enchanting skills. I took options in my magus abilities to allow the dual wielding and blade somatics instead of the heavier armors almost all Magus Masters pursue. I am different, but why stay out of this fight?" She looked at him, "You like girls. Gods know you have stared at mine enough.

You have every curve of hers as memorized as I do and I have seen her without her clothes on. I will never have children. We owe it to our parents that one of us continues this branch. I know she died giving birth to you and it is hard for you to think about that. Also, you know father died in the same battle as the champion. We have lost over four thousand Silvertree members in this latest war.

I am doing what I can to stop the deaths, you need to do your part and start creating life. Do what I cannot do." Lerian laughed, "Piss standing up?" She smiled, "When you stop hitting your own feet you can say that smart ass. Let us get out of here for a while." He nodded, "I will get a horse from the stable outside. They restrict elven warhorses to royalty and those fighting in the war.

Usually the same thing but I have a red roan I have been riding lately." She smiled, "You name him?" He shook his head, "Not a house horse. Too many riders take them out." He reached over and grabbed his tack. She was ready to take him to the far northern city of Gennaus; on the border of what they called snow-elf lands. They are nearly extinct and have an exception from this fight; to try and save their population.

Provided they are fertile which has been a problem with the male population. Almost a six to one ratio of fertile females to males. This was where the Lady of Dreams sent her and where she has been spending her time with her lover. They had struck up a friendly conversation with the woman every time they had returned for at least a couple of meals every month for the last three years.

His Story

I walked out of my room with my tack in hand. I was mugged by Kazzara; my great-grandmother and a talented enchanter, even dragonic mythic enchanting which she wanted to teach me about. She kissed my cheek, "Happy birthday and congratulations on becoming an adult today. She hung an amulet around my neck. "A present. I looked at the common holy symbol that has been a coming of age gift for almost four hundred years. She smiled as I stuck it inside my shirt.

She smiled, "The best one I have created to date." She said that every time as she felt like she was constantly improving. It had only been a few years since her husband, my great five times over grandfather and last champion died. Only the second she had created since then. The other a few months after my sister claimed the blade. She was extremely top heavy and everyone knew but did not bring it up. Rough childhood.

The champion apparently liked them bigger as both his wives were far bigger than the average female population. Even my sister picked up some of that trait. I walked out to a warm welcome. I was given several presents from family in honor of becoming an adult, a new cloak, rings, and ever a new sword called 'Ice Reaver'. The piece of gear I would like to have is the champions armor but my sister had it tucked away for the next champion.

It took thirty minutes but my sister got me out of the house and saddled my horse for me. I got outside and Brinna was with her naturally. She kissed my cheek. I immediately became uncomfortable because my sister's words were true. She was a more typical elven build and a beautiful woman with silver hair and violet eyes. She smiled and giggled as I tried to unsuccessful adjust myself without being noticed.

I turned red as we rode to the north gate. We went out of the city and Brinna cast a teleportation circle. It was a good ten to fifteen degrees cooler here. I looked out at the frozen mountains and glaciers in the distance. I smiled, "Snow-elf lands. Always wanted to visit this part of the Kingdom. Especially after reading about Eldar having a snow-elf wife." My sister corrected me, "A pair of sisters."

I nodded, "Yes, I am thinking two wives when the time finds itself but not sisters." My sister smiled, "Snow-elf on your list?" I chuckled, "Never met one they are really rare. I heard they have too many females looking for mates so that is an option." We rode down into a small border town and stopped at one of the local inns. I smiled at the sign, 'Broken Glacier Inn & Pub' With a slogan below it. 'Hot enough to melt ice. 

Cool enough to keep the drinks cold.' I shook my head. We walked inside and grabbed a table and there was a bard singing in the corner a song I had heard before, Melody wrote it about the Pegasus Riders. The songs and tales made her a living legend. The singer was talented but it was hard to see her from our table. I looked at my sister, "We could have sat closer to the bard to listen."

She smiled, "We come up here a lot and this is our favorite table. We can hear just fine. You just want to ogle her." I smiled, "Hard to say as I have not seen her yet." My sister smiled, "You will. There are many bards who work here. They sing a few songs and then serve tables and collect tales." I looked at my sister, "You are the one with the tales." My sister smiled and pointed with her head as the bard finished and got up.

She seemed to be gliding instead of walking and was headed straight toward us. I was happy she could not see the effect she had on me. Typical elven build with exotic looks; silver hair that curlers, pale skin with a tint of blue, and steel grey eyes that pierced you like the northern wind. She smiled as she got to the table. She looked over, "The usual Brinna?" She nodded and looked at my sister, "What about you Vessan, the same?"

She smiled and nodded. I looked at the two of them, "You two come up here a lot?" The waitress bard laughed, "About once a month for the last few years. They tell me how things are going with the war and this gives them a place far from it. Now, who might you be?" My sister looked at her and answered, "My younger brother Lerian, came of age today. Did not want to bring him here until he could act on his impulses."

The bard smiled, "You enjoy the song?' I nodded, "I have heard it many times but you have a voice this is as sharp as a razor. I tend to find it more entertaining to see the performer. With the way Pegasus flew and glided through the air if you glided around the room like you do while singing it I think it would add to the performance.

I tried to get them to move closer but they said this was their favorite table." She smiled, "I am Cresena Ice Walker. I like the idea. I will have to ask the owner if I could do that. Especially when it is not as crowded as now. I find it a fantastic song of fiction." I smiled, "Not fiction. It is based on real events from the history of the Pegasus Riders." She looked at me, "You have seen their history?"

I smiled, "I am surprised my sister did not tell you. We hold the library for the Pegasus riders. Jazzia Silvertree built the arc that kept their history from being destroyed and Jarronus Silvertree retrieved it over a thousand years later. Based on a hidden note in her journal. That led to hidden compartments in different secure shelters she had built and made permeant. Maps, navigation charts, direction, and the location of their last relic Trasnar's Prism."

She smiled, "Your sister never told me she was of House Silvertree! What else has she been hiding?" I smiled, "I will take your special with a mead, and if you wish to pull up a chair we can discuss what both of these two have been holding out on you." She nodded, "I will be right back with that." She had food to us and brought something for herself and sat and ate with us.

She looked at me, "They talk about the war but not about each other." I smiled, "Brenna Moon Bow Moon Blade Wielder. My sister House Silvertree Moon Blade wielder and Duchess. They are lovers. Was odd for both of them to be selected. The swords have a history of looking for fertility and that you are willing to procreate. Our house has a high fertility rate but, in her case, it was different.

We all wonder if it was because both weapons got sundered and had to be repaired. They went through the ritual to reactivate the blades together but were a couple before that. They were the two most powerful Moon Blades and they lost a lot of power from being sundered." My sister broke in, "We come here to kind of get away from that and just relax. We don't feel defined by the blades. They are an obligation and a promise to help the elven people."

Cresena looked at them sternly, "Still you two have been holding out on me for years. I am going to pump all the good information from your brother." I smiled at her, "Pump away, what do you want to know?" I silently added, 'or want to do?' She smiled, "You know about all the blade wielders?" I nodded, "To a degree. Each one creates a journal and the heir moves the historically relevant pieces into the Blade Wielder's Journal.

House Silvertree anyway." Brenna looked over, "All blade holders picked up that legacy. Eldar started back when he left the Academy and before he had the blade. He left instructions for the heir. The others picked up on what he was doing and why. His section on sex was very educational." Cresena looked at me, "It has a section on sex?" I nodded, "While the journal is the responsibility of the wielder others in the house get to read it.

Did the two of you get married?" My sister turned red and nodded, "Yes, but now that secret appears to be out." I smiled, "Good for you. The journal is shared with wives and children and there are sections that are highly encrypted and some say the fact of this should never be repeated for the sanctity of keeping the Kingdom together. Secrets of the Elven Kingdom items. When Brenna alluded to reading it, that gave me the clue the two got married."

Brenna smiled, "Gave too much away. Smart man. He is a Magus Enchanter Gestalt. Gifted at creating magical items and killer with a blade or spell." I nodded, "I have skills, but not all types of enchanting. I do not do armor, weapons or staves. My sister has asked me to hold off on entering the war. She asked that this morning. She wants me to get married and have a family started in order to continue the family branch we are on. Only the two of us and I am the only fertile one of the two.

I am also attracted to women. My turn to ask questions Cresena. Why are you here? At this tavern and not further north?" She smiled, "Not enough males up north who are fertile. Our race needs fresh blood and with so many of us in need of mates, I was an obvious choice to volunteer to come out of the north and find a fertile mate. I smiled, "Your thoughts on the plural marriages?" She sighed, "I can see its appeal for the ladies.

Especially as men do not have a lot of staying power." I chuckled, "Not true in the Silvertree line. The gods had to intercede with the last champion to rechannel his sexual tension into something other than rage and destruction. Charlus had one wife. The gods wanted him to have more. He was at odds with them for over a decade and he built a special training room. He would go through and destroy over a thousand training dummies.

TWICE! To beat his aggression into check. He did not pass on. He works for the gods as a Revered Champion. He was an avid reader and memorized everything that occurred around. Books, conversations, and so much more. Eldar had six wives at a time. The last one had two but could go non-stop if his ladies could take it. More journal stuff beyond that. Our great-grandmothers are very open about his capability in the bedroom.

One of those is Melody Silvertree." She groaned, "Would love to meet her." I smiled, "That I could arrange. You work here every day? She shook her head, "No I am scheduled off tomorrow and the next day." I smiled, "You could travel back with us to House Silvertree. Meet her. See our library. Also tell me more about you." She smiled, "I would enjoy that. I have a few hours before my shift is done." I nodded, "I will wait to take you.
