 Silvertree Chronicles Book Seven Knights Rise, as the Light of Darkness Falls 

Synopsis: With the death of Serius Silvertree a veil of evil was lifted from the world. Few knew of the depth of his sacrifice. The father of nine had to make last minute changes to his will while in a petrified state and marry his two brides. The question nobody has an answer to who the next blade wielder would be. 

Inspired by the Forgotten Realms Dungeon & Dragons universe but not endorsed by the former or current owners of the franchise. © EmotionalStorm 2018. This story cannot be transferred to any other site besides Literotica.com without the prior authorizations in writing from the author and EmotionalStorm must be credited for this work. 

Mia 18th 8355 

Kora gave birth to four children. Two boys and two girls. The future Duke Serius Silvertree. Followed by his sister Ginnar, brother Oliviran Silvertree, and sister Brimium Silvertree. 

Mia 29th 8355 

Gia gave birth to two boys and a girl. Son Zirrian Silvertree, Daughter Korina Silvertree, and son Charlus Silvertree. 

Septa 4th 8367 

The seven remaining children of Serius Enter the Academy as they have powers manifests. The other two taken by their Solar mother. All are given magical elven long swords for them to work with during their training. They were given their amulets depicting the holy symbols of Corellon Larethian and the Lady of Dreams intertwined. 

Septa 5th 8367 

All seven children are visited in their dreams by their father. Only one got guidance that the sword was there destiny to pursue. That night Charlus Silvertree, a battle mage in training got the first shock of his lifetime. 

Charlus looked at the ghostly image of his father, "The blade Wielders Journal is missing." Serius looked at him, "Not missing just locking in a secure compartment. You will be happy to know for your work you will have two homes away from everything to act as bases of operation. They also have eleven hidden compartments in each one for storing and securing information. 

The security is even more advanced. Only a handful of Dragons, two of your dragon uncles, have access to it. None of them have the ability to add or remove anybody from the access lists. When you get to your seventy-fifth birthday you will have to stay with the house and claim the blade. It is your destiny to complete my work. There is more to it than that. You cannot talk about or write this down for anyone. There will be a challenge question as it is in the eightieth clause. 

The answer is, 'The champion is off chasing pink unicorns.' It is a line from the journals of Jazzia as a means for the human and dwarven kingdoms to let it be known they are in trouble. Back in her day. I destroyed the journal for Jazzia and the others as requested by Eldar. Do not know if they continue to use that or not. It is a hidden plea for magical assistance to a problem. Charlus looked at his father, "Why me?" He smiled, "Your sharp mind will get you noticed. 

When you complete your magical training. You will be asked to be trained into the Queens Diplomatic Service. What many do not know, but suspect, is that there are a few different variations to this service. You can read at an astonishing rate, remember documents verbatim from hundreds of years, if not your entire life. Able to recall page and paragraph numbers. You will have no need to carry a spell book as you will still prepare them but you can read it from your own mind. 

I was on a mission to rebuild the Knights of old. Get an intelligence network in place. Not rely just on the information Dragons were able to get us. The first books I want you to go home and read is the Dragon Tomes. Zirra has copied out those that are relevant for combat and encrypted all of the necromancy spells. All seven of you got this instruction, but it is important for you. You will transcribe those into another set of tomes from memory and secure it when you become champion. 

There is more than battle in those pages. The others will be destroyed when this task is done. Have Brima teach you more about sword use. I told this to all seven of you. You will learn to fight with both hands at the same time. Cast the movement portion of your spell with swords in hand. You will become a diplomat, a spy, an unrecognized general as you work behind the scenes to evaluate and find good people to rebuild the Knights. 

You should have a much happier and longer life than I did. I loved three women. You know of only two. The others are forbidden to talk about the third, as are you. This information you will have that no other offspring of mine has. The mother was from another plane. She was a Solar. I had two children with her in a single night of passion that the gods allowed us to have. The son went with me and the daughter with her. 

When they told me the son she left me would no longer be the blade wielder I turned over custody of the child to his mother. To help make him a champion standing beside his sister. Jazzia had her secret about six dragon children and I had mine about two celestial children. The Queen is the only other one who knows about the second child. I requested certain abilities from past champion. Like Eldar, you came by that ability naturally and not by magical means. 

Do not show up your instructors very often, advice from Eldar. Only on major mistakes. There is close to fifteen hundred years of books in that library. By the time you're an adult you will have them all memorized; if not a lot sooner. Build up the library. Your mother will help you. You have the right gifts to get this job done. This task my father wanted me to take on. I started this in life and in death. In dying, I got to choose which of you would be his champion. 

Another champion will be on the field and they will be able to draw the attention away from you. You will never openly reveal who you are in this regard. Like your actives, you will be in the shadows. All have had their holy symbol adhere to their chest this night. Zirra crafted them all by divine direction and each is unique and usable only by the assigned wearer. It serves as a reminder that no matter which path in life they take, the gods will watch you all. 

You each know that the holy symbol is not the key to being the champion. You will get a lot of pressure to marry. Especially from the Lady of Dreams, but your own will on the matter is what counts. Good luck my son." Charlus woke and went to his journal and realized there was nothing from the conversation he could put in his journal in any detail. He added the following. 'Was visited this evening by the spirit of my father, as were all of his children. 

He offered his advice on our lives, our paths, and on following our own hearts. He wished us all the best.' His other brothers and sisters lived in the same common area and they saw he was up and writing first. They read what he wrote. They all smiled and nodded. They went and added the same entry to their journals. 

Septa 5th 8370 

With much fanfare and in open court the draconic spell books that were overseen by Zarria were destroyed. Removing any chance that draconic necromancy magic could be derived from them. None knew that all of Sirius's children were required to read them with all of the necromancy encrypted. 

Mia 17th 8384 

All of Jarronus's children had made their intentions known. Of his seventy-two children, eleven had died. Thirty-two remained Silvertree. The others formed into five new houses over the years. Olivana's children all moved onto new houses. Only Slaraxxa's son the Field Marshal remained of his half-dragon children. 

Juna 12th 8387 

Having completed reading the final books seven years earlier in the Silvertree Library Charlus was running out of things to read, even from the Academy. He was the last one leaving his classroom this day as his instructor asked him to remain behind. He just finished a text on ancient ciphers used back in the days of the Dragon Wars and returned it to Instructor Silver Quill. The name he went by but some suspected he hailed from a different house. 

He looked up at Charlus, "I have to ask why we're interested in this book?" Charlus shrugged, "I was going through the catalog of books and most of them are in the Silvertree library. I have read them. Was looking for something different to read." His instructor chuckled, "Never read a book a second time." Charlus looked at him and shrugged, "Only in class when required to do that in class." 

He got up from his desk and handed the boy a piece of paper, "What do you make of this? See if you can make it out and if so come and see me when you have the answer." Charlus looked it over for several minutes. The Instruct smiled, "No shame in looking at reference material." Charlus looked up, "Simple single layer encryption using a substitution cipher from the book Dragon's Axiom by Valin'tri Goldenear in the year 3157 to try and describe the mindset of dragons. A trite and oversimplification of dragon mentality. 

Not to be confused with the book Dragon's Axiom by Jarron Silverleaf and a part of our current reading lists. Which went through the thinking and mental philosophies of fifteen separate dragon species. It at least hints of others existing in smaller numbers. Just not large enough or no direct contact with the author to form an observed summary opinion of them. To answer the question, I have known for many years I would be contacted about joining the Queens Diplomatic service. 

I accept the offer." The instructor just stared at the boy and nodded, "Be packed. You will leave in the morning; once I clear this with your mother. I am signing your paperwork for an early graduation." The boy left. The instructor pulled out a crystal and secured the room. "Are you secure?" The voice from the other end, "Always, unless forced into open court. What do you have for me?" He was trying to contain his excitement. "I found what you have been looking for. 

You will need to get the Queen to sign off on bringing him into the service." The voice sighed, "You're certain this is worth the Queen's attention?" The instructor chuckled, "The student in question just gave me the answer to the Brinnia's assessment without leaving my sight and in seconds. He said he was destined to go into the Service." The voice from the other end could be heard walking. He finally asked, "That test is over five thousand years old. 

The fastest anyone has ever done it, without being told where to look, was almost twenty years. At least since the Dragon's Axiom by Jarron Silverleaf was published and became the definitive work on the subject. When did he check the book out in the Academy library?" The instructor chuckled, "Never. We monitor that book. It has not been checked out in five hundred years. He did say he has a family library and had run out of reading material." 

The voice stopped. "What area of study, what family and how far from being an adult?" The instructor sighed, "He is a battle mage who wears a sword everywhere. The Silvertree family and he is almost forty-three years out from being an adult." He heard the crystal drop on the desk and then he heard the conversation, "Your Majesty, if you have a moment. Absolutely nothing pressing." 

The Queen knew the opposite was true and cleared her audience chamber and secured it, "What do you have for me Spy Master?" He sighed, "An anomaly. A candidate for the service that we need your permission to bring on board." She sighed, "Why is this an anomaly and I thought you said this was an emergency?" The Spy Master cleared his throat, "Your Majesty, he is forty-three years away from being an adult. The test we use to evaluate how a student approached a problem did not work with this student.  

Brinnia's assessment is what it is called. It is a cursory test to see if a student can figure out what kind of cipher was used, and if they are fortunate enough to find the book in question an invitation to this service is extended in the text. The best anyone has done in fifteen hundred years is determine it is a substitution cipher before we bring them in for further evaluation. Before then the fastest it was completed was twenty years. 

This child looked at the document and not only told him it was a substitution cipher but what book it came from and accepted the offer." The Queen was quiet for several seconds, "Another evaluation would normally be done?" The Spy Master replied, "Yes your Majesty, to see if they could figure out other encryption methods. I did not get the child's full name. What is it Instructor Silver Quill?" The instructor smiled, "Your Majesty, it is Charlus Silvertree." 

The instructor and Spy Master heard the crystal drop on the other end. She looked through the journals of her ancestors and found what she was looking for. She finally answered, "I will speak with the mother and let her know I am in favor of him joining the service." She let the crystal go dark and whispered to herself, 'Knight Paladin.' She put the book and crystal away and pulled another one, "Brima Silvertree?" 

A voice came over, "No Your Majesty, she is home. Do you need me to get her for you?' The Queen thought for a second, "No, tell her I would like to see her and..." She pulled out the records on the Silvertree line and looked at them. "Gia Silvertree as soon as possible. In my audience chamber." She unsecured the audience chamber. She looked at her guard, "I am not to be disturbed unless they are from House Silvertree. Then show them in immediately. 

Her escorts reentered the room and took up their positions." Twenty minutes the doors opened and she looked at the escorts, "Leave us." They left and she secured the room, "Speak freely. I want to know if you have been given any insight into the next Champion?" Gia shook her head, "No." Brima sighed, "I was visited by my son years ago. 

I was told if you ever inquired, and only if you inquired, you should know a champion will be named. A champion who will not wield the family blade. It is destined to another." She sat back in her chair, "Your library, how large would you guess it is?" Gia giggled, "You are asking the wrong Silvertree that question. My son Charlus spends a lot of time in there and he has asked me to buy rare books by the arm full over the years. 

He has read everything in the library at least once. Very smart boy. I was surprised when he did not get assessed as a gestalt." The Queen nodded, "The only one?" The ladies nodded. She debated on what to tell them and then sighed, "He has weapons training?" Brima answered, "Yes they all do. All gifted with the elven longsword as I taught them. They were all visited by their father. Shortly after entering the academy. 

All of them have their holy symbols fused into there chests. Was told that is not how this champion will be identified." The Queen finally sighed, "I am not going to get answers to that question until they are all adults then. Charlus is a gestalt in a way. He will be leaving in the morning to go to another training facility. One I use to train diplomats. We add a few every hundred years. He was tested and accepted the offer. 

He said he was told he was destined to be a part of my Diplomatic Service. He came to the attention of one of his instructors who tested him. Was in fact extremely impressed by him. I wanted to ensure you had no issues with this. As he was told he is destined I would assume he is free to choose." Gia nodded, "If his father told him that then that would be the course. There are several of them who would be more fitting champions." 

The Queen nodded, "I would request that until we assign him to a position, even the fact that he is in training, is not to be known by anyone." Brima looked at the Queen, "I would like to talk to you alone for a moment." She nodded and let Gia out and she resealed the room. Brima looked at her, "I know something is going on with him. I have for a while. There are several texts on fighting styles and some are illustrated. 

One is even magical to demonstrate some advanced combat maneuvers and acrobatic feats. He is not just trained in the use of a sword he can fight with two of them and has acrobatic moves that rival my husband's moves. Zirra enchanted every symbol for every child but is not allowed to say what was put into each one. Divine direction. Once we saw there were all fused we knew why Zirra's work was done the way it was done. She seemed happy by that; like she knew that piece of the plan. 

I also know from my work for you that not all diplomats are diplomats. Some are spies. Did this test deal with things useful to a spy?" The Queen nodded and pulled the book for the Knight Paladin. She sighed, "Like it, but different. He does not decrypt the page. He can read it." She picked up a crystal, "Spy Master, I have a question for you. You said the best ever done before this was twenty years. What was the name of that student? 

He chuckled. "Funny you should ask that question, Heliar'vasius Silvertree. I had to look it up after speaking with you last. He was an excellent diplomat and spy. He had a child with another member of the Knights network. The mother was also a talented spy with excellent memory skills and outstanding acrobatic abilities, Elara Strong Oak. She was all rogue and fought with dual weapons. They were parents to the first Champion Eldar who had impressive memory skills according to this report from Jarron with the file. 

Eldar's acrobatic skills were phenomenal if you believe what was written here. Talented in so many skills that a gold dragon, The King of them, sponsored him into the order that existed above it. The first time a Gold took an interest. Believe it was the only time a Gold took particular interest in a non-dragon asset. His father and Jaron were both members of that order, Order of the Dragon." The Queen sighed, "Thank you. Ensure his travel is conducted safely and securely as always. 

I have been told by his grandmother that he is capable of fighting dual handed and has outstanding acrobatic skills that rival his grandfather's skills." The Spy Master responded, "If he can fight dual handed and is a battle mage we can teach him to do the somatic part of his casting with a blade in hand. We have plenty of time for that given his age. I just got a copy of the child's records. He is on the cusp of tier eight spells. Am I reading this right?" 

Brima nodded and responded, "This is Grand Master Brima Silvertree. His grandmother. There was no slowing his progression with magical spells. If he read it he could transcribe it into his spellbook, on a couple of occasions he added it to his book years later when it was relevant. We discovered this after he had read the contents of the entire magical library. The contents of the library are well over ten thousand books. 

He has had his mother out at rare bookstores on a weekly basis for years adding to it. By the armload was an understatement. He steers clear of reading anything from the school of necromancy. Necromancy reference books are another matter. They have no spells but he knows what to look for and how to counteract it." The Spy Master was surprised by the presence of another. He finally asked, "Your Majesty, this is a break in protocol." 

The Queen chuckled, "She does not have your name, location, the name of the instructors involved in his evaluation by your group. She has worked with some in your service before knowing what they do. She has been one of my best Blade Singer Agents. Having received training instruction from her husband who was a Master Trainer with three charges she helped to oversee. She has just never communicated directly with you. This affects her just as much as me. 
