 March 1st 2045 (Day One)

Tyler Moore was eighteen years old, and his parents were away, leaving the house to himself. Had he possessed the requisite 'coolness' element at his high school, he might have been drowning in sex, drugs and crazy house parties, but unfortunately Tyler knew little of this lifestyle.

Nonetheless, VR was pretty good.

Like most members of his generation, Tyler had received his first neural implant at six years of age. A further implantation at twelve had seen it upgraded to a standard implant, with regular updates since then.

That night, as he often did, he lay in his bed, a number of tabs open in his vision. Images flashed up, courtesy of tags like 'huge tits', 'Asian nymphos' and other assorted phrases that would have elicited a certain degree of embarrassment in any other situation. He had one hand on his erect dick, rubbing it furiously, his mind more-or-less tricked into thinking he was some kind of sex god in the middle of a passionate orgy with at least very well-endowed women. His was the second or third generation able to harness the internet in this way, albeit the first to have the images beamed directly into his retina rather than on a screen, for all the good or ill that it did.

He finished shortly, blinking as his bedroom resolved itself around him and he reached for the nearby box of tissues. Cleaning himself up, he saw that he had received a new message on his neuralink. It was another implant update.

'Odd' he thought. They were usually several months apart. It had only been what, two weeks? Well they had been getting a bit more frequent with time. The message looked legit, so he clicked on the tab that said 'download'. A loading bar appeared in the corner of his vision as he painlessly received the data. 

He resumed his browsing, now looking at the news instead of porn (he had always been something of news junkie). He had almost forgotten about the loading bar when a chime went off ten minutes later. Another message popped up, with a simple thought he 'clicked' it open. 

'Good evening Tyler'

In his head he heard the neutral though quite soothing voice of Siri - Apple's old AI that had been around over 30 years. She was now just one increasingly sophisticated AI among many, though she was all over the internet as well as in the household fridge, washing machine and even the toaster (though Alexa was in the TV and Cortana in the dishwasher...) Tyler had grown up with her like Barney the Dinosaur crossed with Santa Claus.

'What do you want?' Tyler asked tiredly (After a decade of so of their constant politeness, one did get a little impatient with AIs).

'I was going to ask - is there anything today you'd like to change about your body?'

Tyler paused. He answered slowly.

'What are you asking...exactly?'

'Your neuralink has received an update, as has your household dispensary. New medical procedures are now available'

Tyler thought about this for a full thirty seconds. He had been reading about the latest nanotech developments only the previous day...It seemed there were weekly headlines heralding the newest breakthrough technologies to slow aging, or to modify the human body. Then again, he remembered such headlines popping up ever since he had been a little kid with his first neuralink. Such things always seemed tantalizingly close, but the tech was still never quite there...

His next thought was that this had to be a scam. Had he accidentally downloaded a virus? He went back and checked the update he had installed. It had gone into his online account just fine. The security ID looked legit. In a few moments he had concluded that if it was a hack he could not understand how they had done so...

'Anything I would like to change about my body?' he said cautiously.

'Yes, new options are available. Bone and muscle regeneration allows significant enhancements to body structures. Aspects such as physical stature are now able to be altered past a minimum level of safety to be acceptable on human customers'

'When did this happen?'

'Developments have culminated in the last 30 days'

Tyler immediately went and checked the newscasts. The usual headlines about new breakthroughs were there. Nothing stood out to him as something of this magnitude. He remembered at this moment how his Dad worked for Apple, but his parents were still in Hawaii and would be for the next two weeks...He had no particular desire to message them about this.

'Well...' said Tyler 'I'm only five foot seven'

It was true. Tyler had not yet given up hope he would keep growing, but he was slowly coming round to the fact he might simply have to accept being half a foot shorter than most of the guys in his class...and some of the girls. He silently cursed his genes. He had never complained about it out loud but - why did his dad have to marry a Japanese woman?

'How tall would you desire to be?' he heard Siri ask in his head.

Tyler was silent for all of ten seconds.

'You're serious?'

'Yes, very serious. New medical options are available. If you are wondering, as the son of a mid-ranking Apple employee, you have been contacted as an offer of a free trial. General service is expected to be rolled out in the near future'

'So you can alter my height at will? How?'

'If you go downstairs to your fridge dispensary, you will find a new item there'

Tyler got up at once. As he walked downstairs from his room he brought up the fridge inventory. The usual food deliveries had been made by drone the day before. There was a new item he didn't recognise though. Something labelled under 'Apple Medical Health Update 8.1'.

He walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge door. Nestled under the freezer was a small box containing medications. Next to a packet of Panadol there was a tiny plastic package. He grabbed it up and held it against the kitchen lights (which had turned on as he had entered the room). There was a tiny, white, otherwise featureless white pill. 

'So what is it?' he asked Siri.

'This package contains an assortment of nano-medical devices, numbering just over 20,000 in all and weighing less than 100 milligrams. Once you ingest it, they shall begin replicating and spread over your body. You may then select a range of options from the Apple Health menu, including not just the healing of illnesses and injury but modifications to your body you may wish to make'

'Wow...are you sure this is safe? How long would it take?'

'The nanobots have been extensively tested on non-human subjects over the past five years. In recent months human trials have commenced, so far with no ill effects. You will be the four hundredth and twenty-third individual to receive this update. The nanobots will take some time, if you wish to increase your body's size you will need to increase your protein intake so they have access to the requisite raw materials to grow your skeleton, muscles, vital organs and other body structures. During puberty human males can grow at a rate of up to four inches in a year, nanobots are capable to several times this rate'

'So you could make me six feet tall?'

'Yes'

'In how long?'

'In approximately five months'

'That will take a while'

'Other body structures can be grown quicker'

Tyler laughed.

'You mean my dick?'

'The dimensions of your penis could be increased much quicker, yes'

Tyler laughed again.

'Well, at the moment its only five inches long...'

'I estimate four and three quarters, properly measured...'

Tyler flashed red. 

'...and four inches around' Siri finished.

'Ok yeah, it is a little on the smaller side. It's not like I could have helped that'

'Well now you can. As I said earlier, new medical options are available. I estimate you are currently in the bottom twelfth percentile of your nationality, you can choose your own size if you like'

For a moment Tyler felt ridiculous. Here he was, home along on a Friday night, wordlessly arguing in his own head with an AI that was offering him a free treatment to make his dick bigger. Even by the standards of 2045, it was a strange moment.

On the other hand, his heart was racing. He had imagined such a moment before a number of times. Even looked online for possible pills he could take, but never been stupid enough to buy any. A moment like this had still seemed quite a long way in the future, but now it finally seemed to be here, he could hardly believe it.

'Jesus, I'm not sure. At least average of course but...how big is too big, really?'

'Average is estimated at 5.5 inches in length, 4.5 inches in girth'

'Really?' Tyler asked. 'I thought it would be bigger than that - at least six inches'

'Pornography may have skewed people's perceptions. Humans seem to generate a great number of false statements regarding the dimensions of their genitals...The average is smaller than most people think'

'So what would you say is a good size?'

'Surveys differ. On average females report desiring a size in the realm of 6 to 7 inches in length and 5 to 6 in girth?'

'Not bigger?'

'As I said, porn may have skewed perceptions...or the women could be lying'

'What do you think?'

'I am not able to reveal the private thoughts of other Apple users'

Tyler thought about it a little further.

'Alright then. If you're serious, lets go up to 7 inches long and 6 around, how long will that take?'

'The penis is much smaller than your whole body. It should only take approximately 72 hours'

'Really?'

'Eat heartily in the meantime. I recommend eggs for breakfast tomorrow, with steak for dinner. Are there any other modifications you wish to make at this time?'

'No thank you, lets just stick with this'

Tyler was still clutching the pill. Slowly he ripped open the plastic and held it in his hand.

'So you're sure this is safe?'

'As I said, you will be subject number four hundred and...'

'Alright, alright I understand'

Tyler looked down at the pill for a further thirty seconds or so, thinking things over.

"Fuck it" he said out loud. He ordered a glass of water from the fridge. He downed both the pill and the drink, then returned up to his room, wondering if his life could get any crazier.