 AN: This is the fourth story in the "Single Combat" series. "Single Combat", "The High Priestess", and "The Scout" all come first. Read those first if you haven't already. 



The new statue was magnificent. In the same place where once the greatest hero of Amazonia stood immortalized in bronze, Queen Hippolyta now knelt with her mouth around her master's bronze balls and his cock draped across her face, a monument of the Steel Horde's conquest of Amazonia. 

Yarei admired the statue in the light of the early morning. Ragnar, her master and her love, stood beside her, one hand possessively resting on the curve of her naked ass. Being around Ragnar made her wet. His hand gently caressing her rear made her even wetter. But the statue and what it represented made the juices positively drip down her legs. 

"Do you like our monument?" asked Ragnar coyly. "The Jarl thought it appropriate to leave a little something behind after we carry you off."

"It's perfect," Yarei breathed. The statue depicted Hippolyta perfectly, every proportion, every curve was just right. As someone intimately familiar with the Queen, Yarei would know. "It couldn't be better. With just these two figures, this statue exemplifies exactly what happened to Amazonia. Look how her spear lies at her feet, broken. Look how he is slightly leaning forward and she backward, implying that he is the aggressor. She is sucking his balls, an act both intimate and submissive, which also shows her great desire for the seed they contain. See how his manhood lies across her face, dominating her? Almost as if the power of the cock itself forced her to her knees? See the tension in her hand as she stuffs her fingers into her sex? I can almost feel her desire to be filled, fucked, and impregnated." Yarei rested a hand on her own belly, which had just begun show signs of Ragnar's child growing within her womb. 

"You are very observant," Ragnar commented. 

"In a hundred years or a thousand," Yarei continued, "People will come to this city from distant lands, seeking the unknown. They will find a city in ruins, overgrown by the jungle and they will wonder what happened to those who lived here. And then they will see this statue, and they will know how we were conquered. Conquered by force, and conquered by cock. And if these explorers are women, perhaps our example will help them to understand their own place in the world."

"You have certainly thought out the implications," said Ragnar, smiling. 

"Can I please suck your balls?" Yarei asked, her voice full of powerful need.

"Yes you may," Ragnar's smile became a smirk. 

The young slave knelt before her master and pulled down the waistband of his leather breaches. No matter how many times she saw Ragnar's fourteen inch slab of man meat, each time made her mouth water and her pussy ache. She wrapped her hand around the flaccid shaft and lifted it with some effort, lowering her mouth to his massive scrotum. It was not as swollen as it had been when she first saw it, that fateful day in the arena when the whole world had changed. He had been emptying his sac into Yarei and her sister Utala at every opportunity. Still Yarei could tell, as she popped one massive orb into her mouth, that a massive load of baby batter still filled his balls, and she wanted more than anything to coax it out. 

She set Ragnar's stiffening cock across her face, mimicking the statue of the queen as she gazed up at her beloved master around the thick shaft. Ragnar rested one hand on the back of her head, gently pressing her face further into his balls. "Do you like the taste, Yarei?"

Yarei moaned her affirmation. 

He spoke passionately, his voice gaining force. "The child- MY child, which now grows within you, came from there. And so will the next child you bear, and the next after that, and on and on. They will be beautiful daughters and powerful sons. The boys will be great warriors and capture many women. The girls will be great beauties and will one day serve strong men just as you serve me now. Our line, woven together from your essence and mine, will continue, becoming ever stronger until Ragnarok itself, when our descendants will stand beside the Gods and fight the coming darkness, and on that day, our spirits too, will be with them. And our children, and their children, and theirs, all the way down to that final generation, all of them will fight. And they will make us proud."

By the end Ragnar's voice had faded to a whisper, as if he was almost in tears. The passion in his voice, the taste of his balls, the weight of the now fully erect cock across her face, these things were all too much for Yarei. She came, juices gushing from her pussy and pouring down her legs. All this without any stimulation of her pussy or clit. 

"This just goes to show to what extent he owns me," thought Yarei as the orgasm gripped her. "I can cum just from knowing that he is pleased with me." She wanted so badly to make him feel good, to show him how grateful she was for not only giving her more pleasure then she could have imagined, but also for filling her life with purpose. She pulled her mouth off his balls with a faint *POP* and ran her tongue up the underside, slowly licking her way to the head, which she engulfed in her mouth and sucked on hard. She stroked the shaft with one hand, while fondling his saliva covered gonads with the other. 

Yarei had never been particularly religious, but as Ragnar's salty seed filled her mouth, she realized that sex wasn't just an animal act, it was sacred, holy. And for her devout worship of Ragnar's cock, she was being granted a reward, a benediction. She tried so hard not to spill any, but there was just so much. Some of it inevitably ran down her chin onto her small breasts as she greedily gulped it all down.

"Thank you so much for your cum, master," She said sincerely, as she swallowed the last drops. 

Ragnar fell to one knee and lowered his mouth to hers, kissing her so passionately it felt as if he was trying to suck her mouth off of her face. If he was discomforted by the taste of his own spunk, he made no sign. 

"You needn't thank me, Yarei," he said, pulling back. "You have just given me an amazing gift. Consider my seed as just a small token of my affection for you." His tone became stern. "Also, I distinctly recall telling you to call me Ragnar." 

"Yes, Ragnar," Yarei said, nearly giddy. 

"I must admit, I'm a little jealous," said a female voice. Yarei turned. Queen Hippolyta sat in the shadow of her own statue. Like Yarei she was completely naked, her huge breasts and wet pussy exposed to the open air. The queen's nipples were firm and erect as she had apparently been watching the ball worship and blowjob for some time. 

"There was a time," continued the queen, "When little Yarei looked at ME that way. Maybe not with quite as much passion, but still. You belonged to me." Hippolyta climbed to her feet. "Don't mistake my meaning, I am completely dedicated to Jarl Edric and his sanity-smashing cunt-stuffing mega-cock, it's just that I am SO going to miss suffocating you with my tits."

Yarei felt her face go red. Although the fact that she and the queen frequently slept in the same bed was well known in Amazonia, to Yarei's knowledge Hippolyta had never before revealed that particularly embarrassing kink to anyone. 

Ragnar roared with laughter when he saw Yarei's reaction. "Ha! You're as red as the Bloody Sunset, Yarei!" He turned to Hippolyta. "I can think of worse ways to die than by tit-smothering, that's for sure. Especially if the tits in question are as magnificent as yours. The Jarl is a lucky man."

"I like to think so," said Hippolyta with a sly smile. She walked over to Yarei, offering her a hand to help her up. "How are you, Yarei? We haven't had any time to talk since the conquest."

"I am well, though I'm flattered that you are so concerned with my welfare, my Queen," Yarei responded respectfully. 

"I'm not a queen anymore," Hippolyta said wistfully. "Just a woman like you. And, like you," she rested a hand on her tight belly. "Soon to be a mother. Last night my master put a child inside me."

"Are you already certain?" asked Ragnar. "You know it doesn't always take the first time."

"I was, and am, in heat. And given the sheer VOLUME of seed he pumped into my womb, I'd say the odds are pretty good. And if by some chance the job is not already done, I'm sure the Jarl will correct that swiftly enough. Speaking of which, he's probably knocking up Serena right as we speak."

"I bet that's a sight to see," said Yarei. "Actually, I'm surprised the Jarl did not impregnate both you and Serena publicly the way he conquered you in the first place."

"For him, impregnation is a more... intimate affair. You're lucky, Yarei. YOUR master got you pregnant the very same day he captured you. I, on the other hand, had to prove myself worthy."

"I was eager to start a family," said Ragnar. "Yarei here is my first slave. The Jarl already has thirty seven sons at least."

"At least?"

"A few of his women were pregnant when we crossed the mountains. They have probably given birth by now."

"I thought the Jarl was making an idle boast when he said he had thirty seven sons," said Yarei.

"Trust me, if your pussy had ever been on the receiving end of his cum-cannon, you wouldn't be so skeptical," assured Hippolyta. I wish for the two of you many children as well. I just hope you're appreciating her ass, Ragnar. If not, she's wasted on you."

"Oh I do. I do indeed," said Ragnar, squeezing Yarei's butt. She moaned and pressed herself back into his hand. 

"Yep, I'm jealous all right."

"There is no reason for your physical relationship to end," Ragnar said. 

"Really?" asked Yarei. 

"The Steel Way is hard for women," Ragnar explained. "It is a life of constant obedience and child-bearing. On top of that, if a woman's master is killed in battle, she becomes the slave of his killer. We live in a harsh land. Men and sons die all the time. Sister-slaves sometimes die in the birthing bed. Sorrow and grief are everywhere. Therefore, according to the tenants of the Steel Way, men are not permitted to forbid their women from comforting each other, regardless of the form that 'comfort' might take."

"I could use a little 'comfort'," said Hippolyta. 

Yarei stepped up to the big-titted former queen. "I as well." She leaned forward to kiss Hippolyta lightly on the lips, fondling the other woman's massive breasts with her hands. 

"I'll leave you ladies alone." Ragnar chuckled. "Utala is probably up by now. I'll go say good morning. And maybe fuck her until she passes out again."

Hippolyta pulled Yarei into a fierce kiss, agressivly pressing her enormous bust against Yarei's small one. Yarei trailed kisses down Hippolyta's neck to her left nipple, suckling dutifully. She had missed worshiping the queen's divine mountains of femininity. 

Luckily she would never have to stop.

---------------------------------------------------------

In the depths of the Goddess's sacred Pyramid, in the holiest of holy rooms known as the Womb of the Goddess, Serena screamed at the top of her lungs. It was not a scream of pain, although she felt quite a bit of pain as her belly began to swell, the shear amount of semen Jarl Edric Fredulfson was pumping into her womb causing her abdomen to expand as if she were already nine months pregnant. It was not a scream of pleasure, although her mind and body were both bathed in pleasure as her cunt desperately clutched at his massive invading shaft, the friction of his final thrusts making her cum again and again and again. 

No, it was a scream of contentment. Serena never would have imagined that the emotion of contentment could ever make her scream, but then again, she had never before been so INTENSLY content in her life. Her master found her sexy. He found her worthy. She would be mother to his children. Serena actually had the privilege of bearing the children of this western deity, this god of cock. So she screamed as he pumped her full of seed on the holy alter in the Womb of the Goddess. She could feel the heat of it radiating through her. This was the essence of life itself.

For several long moments, the Jarl remained inside her, breathing heavily into her ear as his orgasm waned. Then he stepped back and pulled his enormous cock out of her slowly, inch by inch until only the head of the eighteen inch shaft remained within her fertilized cunt. She squirmed, the pressure in her inflated belly becoming intolerable. Finally he ripped the head from her pussy and stood aside. A torrent of pressurized jizz spurted from Serena's gaping cunt, splattering the opposite wall. Serena moaned as she began to deflate, blasting cum all over the room. Finally the torrent slowed to a gush, then a trickle. She collapsed, utterly spent. 

The small chamber known as the Womb of the Goddess was a room so holy, only the high priestess herself was ever aloud within. And now it was utterly defiled. The delicate wall carvings depicting the history of Amazonia were whitewashed with cum. The floor was covered, even the ceiling was not unstained. Even one of the four torches lighting the chamber had been extinguished by the sheer volume of the semen ejected from Serena's pussy. The alter on which she lay was similarly coated in both his cum and her own juices. She herself was almost completely coated in the stuff, as was the Jarl. 

And all that seed, every drop of the thick, pearly-white sticky cum had been in Serena at one point or another. Five times. Five times he had blown her womb up like a balloon and then allowed her to deflate before taking her again. She had long ago lost count of the orgasms and lost track of time. How long had he been fucking her? They had started at midnight. Surely it must be noon by now? She was too tired to think. Her mind began to feel slow, heavy, along with her eyelids. Before she closed her eyes, she caught a final glimpse of Jarl Edric's massive cock. The dick that owned her. It was finally going flaccid. 

So much cum... in the Womb of the Goddess... Surely She too must be pregnant after THIS...

Serena slipped into unconsciousness. 

She stood before a hundred-foot statue made of steel, depicting a man in armor. The man had a regal, powerful bearing. In one hand he clutched a spear as tall as he, his other hand lowered as if granting a gift to a supplicant. One of his eyes was covered by a patch, the other stared down from his great bearded face with a fatherly expression. 

On the ground at his feet, a glimmer of Gold. 

Serena sat up. She was still on the holy alter in the Womb of the Goddess, still covered in cum (although it had cooled considerably). The Jarl leaned against the wall, watching her. 

"You're cute when you sleep," he remarked. 

Serena blushed. "Master, is there a place in your land with a giant steel statue of a man with one eye?"

"At the temple of Odin the Allfather, just outside of Odinsport. It's considered the holiest place in the Land of Steel. Why?"

"The Goddess sent me a holy vision," replied Serena. She pushed herself off the alter and knelt beside it, feeling for the secret switch that only she knew about. She found it, and a hidden drawer slit from the base of the alter. The Jarl glanced at it curiously. Within it, on a velvet cushion lay circle of the purest gold the size of her palm. In the center of the disc, a vagina was intricately cast, rendered in loving detail by the ancient goldsmith Hana the Holy. 

"What is that?" Inquired the Jarl. 

"This is the Golden Womanhood, Amazonia's most sacred relic." Serena delicately traced a finger along the golden lips. "As legend has it, when Hippolyta the Liberator took these lands from the male king who once occupied them, she took his royal golden scepter as a trophy. Hippolyta's daughter, Elena the Blessed, had a vision from the Goddess Herself, which ordered her to re-cast the scepter, a blasphemous symbol of phallic power, into a vagina, and she did so. Great wealth and power followed throughout Elena's reign. If the Goddess herself can be said to inhabit a physical object, this is it."

"And what does this have to do with this vision you just had about the statue of Odin?"

"I saw the Golden Womanhood at Odin's feet. The Goddess... She knows She is defeated. She doesn't want to stay, alone in this deserted city after her chosen people have been taken away. She wants me to take Her with us, back to your land. There she will watch over us as we become mothers. She will help us to overcome the trials of our new lives. And She will serve your Allfather in all the ways a man might require of a woman." Serena watched the Jarl carefully, afraid he might refuse to allow her to do this. After all, he had tried at every turn to crush her faith in the Goddess.

But finally he smiled. "Odin will surely be pleased. Perhaps when I die, and I stand in Valhalla before the Allfather, I'll find your goddess sucking his mighty, all-fathering cock!" He laughed, and Serena could not help but laugh with him, both in relief and in genuine mirth. The Goddess's teachings were all wrong. They spoke of female superiority over men, and the power of faith that crushed all males. Serena had stopped believing in these teachings after her public humiliation atop the pyramid, but although she no longer dedicated her soul to the Goddess as she once had, Serena still loved Her. She had been Serena's solace in hard times even before Serena became a priestess. The temple at the Allfather's feet would be a good place for the Goddess, just as her own place at the Jarl's feet was a good place for Serena. 

"There is still some time before dawn," said the Jarl, a hint of tiredness reaching his voice. "Rest, Serena. We leave the city before noon."

"You sound tired as well, master. Did you not impregnate Hippolyta as you did me earlier tonight? Surely you should get some sleep."

"Perhaps I am a bit drowsy." He lay down on the altar beside her and pulled her against his chest, wrapping one muscular arm around her beneath her bosom. Within moments, his eyes closed and his breathing became rhythmic. He was asleep. 

Once again, a wave of happiness washed over Serena. Although he had fucked her often, this was the first time Jarl Edric Fredulfson had ever slept beside her. The wave of happiness was followed by a wave of exhaustion, which was followed by a deep, dreamless sleep. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Hippolyta groaned and ran her hands through Yarei's hair as the petite former scout eagerly lapped at her cunt. Finally, she trembled and gasped as Yarei's tongue brought her to an intense orgasm. Yarei disengaged her mouth from Hippolyta's pussy, kissing up her abdomen and finally resting her head on Hippolyta's sizable bosom. Hippolyta stroked the other woman's hair gently. "Are you really OK with how things are now, Yarei?" She asked. "I am only too happy to submit to MY master, but Jarl Edric is- well- extraordinary."

"Ragnar is kind and gentle," replied Yarei, snuggling deeper into Hippolyta's breasts. "And on top of that, he makes me cum hard and often. I wouldn't trade him for any man in the world."

"The Jarl is neither kind nor gentle," mused Hippolyta idly. "And yet I think I prefer him that way."

"You are courageous. Surrendering yourself completely to another person takes courage, especially if that other person is not kind."

"I suppose so." The former queen and her scout lay in each other's arms on the cobbled street beside the statue, at peace with each other, themselves, and the world. 

Hippolyta heard footsteps approaching. She turned her head to see her master, the Jarl, in full armored regalia. She gently pushed Yarei away and stood up, bowing her head deferentially. 
