 AN: This is a side story to "Single Combat". Please read "Single Combat" first if you haven't already. 

*

Serena, High Priestess of the Goddess, knelt in prayer to Mother Earth. "Oh great Goddess, from whose womb the world is born, shelter and protect your chosen people, the Amazons. A great evil has come to the southern jungles: men, who seek dominance over us! Brave Queen Hippolyta and her army faced them, oh Goddess, and were defeated. Surely You will not abandon us! Smite these invaders! Show them that women alone hold the power over life and death. Do this, oh Goddess, and I shall offer You their severed cocks in the brazier atop the Great Pyramid!" 

Serena stood. Now that Queen Hippolyta had fallen, the duty fell to her to lead the Amazons in resistance against the westerners. A wave of sadness washed over Serena, temporarily dousing her ardor. She had known Hippolyta since they were both girls.  

Those cursed men stole her away! Serena's zeal flared to life once again. She would rally all the citizens of Amazonia, avenge her friend and drive these men from the jungles forever. She dressed quickly. Prayer to the Goddess was always done in the nude, for the Goddess gave women no clothing but their skin. Fighting naked, however, was not part of Serena's plan. Serena put on her albino leopard skin bikini, pulling the top tight around her generous bosom. She too had the blood of Hippolyta the Liberator running through her veins, and although hers was not as pure as the Queen's, the titanic tits of the Liberator always bred true. She donned the feathered headdress of the High Priestess. It would help the Amazons to identify her and rally to her quickly. 

Some might have questioned how Serena planned to defeat the invaders who had already beaten the mighty Queen Hippolyta and her entire army. Some were fools. With faith in the Goddess, no woman can ever fall before a man. 

A knock at the door! Could the westerners have found her already? Serena grasped her ceremonial obsidian knife and crept toward the door. She pushed it open and stabbed downward with a shout. 

The woman who stood outside her door caught her arm easily, disarming her. "You're still slow, Serena." 

"Hippolyta?" Joy welled up in Serena's soul at seeing her friend and Queen still alive. She glanced about, furtively. "Come inside, quickly. The westerners have not found me yet." Hippolyta strode into the room, seemingly unhurried. She seemed subdued somehow, as if she was struggling with a difficult choice. "It raises my spirits to see you alive, my Queen. I had heard that you were defeated, those tales must be lies. There is much you must know. The westerners have betrayed your trust. Their army surrounds the city. We must rally the people and-"

"High Priestess," Hippolyta said stiffly, "my master, Jarl Edric Fredulfson, lord of the Steel Horde and father of thirty seven sons requires your presence at the Great Pyramid of the Goddess." 

"What?" All the joy Serena felt at Hippolyta's presence disappeared instantly. "So... you were defeated after all."

Hippolyta nodded grimly. 

Serena made firm her resolve. "It matters not. You still live, and that means the Goddess still has plans for you. Do you not see? These events are but a test from the Goddess. A test of our faith! Do not forget the Goddess's truth."

Hippolyta's head snapped up, her eyes full of anger. She took two steps forward, her face inches from Serena's, her chainmail clad breasts pushed against Serena's white leapard skin covered bosom. "The Goddess's truth? Before yesterday, I believed in the Goddess as much as any other Amazon. I believed it was Her who had granted me my combat prowess. When I took my warriors, raided the northern villages, and brought their men back in chains, I did so because I was strong. I defeated them, and so their lives belonged to me. 

"Now, I am defeated. Utterly crushed. The western Jarl captured my army, defeated me in single combat and fucked me until I passed out. I am conquered as a queen, as a fighter, and as a woman. The lives of the conquered belong to the conqueror. That is the warrior's only truth, and I am a warrior." Hippolyta stepped back. "I was a warrior. Will you come, or must I drag you, High Priestess?"

The Temple Square at the foot of the Great Pyramid was packed. Every woman in Amazonia stood, pressed together in the square, waiting anxiously. Surrounding the square, the army of westerners lounged, keeping the women from escaping. The men laughed and joked with each other, blatantly groping any Amazon in reach. The Goddess would surely punish them for their lack of respect. 

Hippolyta led Serena up the Pyramid. The Amazons in the square recognized both of them. Murmurs spread through the crowd. Upon every step of the Pyramid, more of the western army stood. Next to each man knelt a naked woman, head lowered submissively. These must be the men the Jarl had taken into the Arena with him to subdue Hippolyta's army. 

They reached the apex of the Pyramid, a platform from which Serena had often addressed throngs of worshipers during the sacred festivals. Now, an unclothed man stood upon the platform. Serena gasped. His manhood was enormous. It must have been eighteen inches long at least, and thicker than Serena's forearm. In spite of herself, Serena felt the juncture between her thighs moisten. 

It was common for Amazons to make use of male slaves for pleasure, but as High Priestess, Serena was not allowed such dalliances. She must always remain pure for the Goddess. She did, however, have fantasies. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever imagined a cock like this. 

"Master," Hippolyta said, "I bring you the Most Feminine Serena, High Priestess of the Goddess." Hippolyta knelt next to the Jarl, head bowed. 

The man turned his head to address the kneeling queen. "Well done Hippolyta. The show will begin soon. Before that, I would like you to explain a few things to me. First, what is this brazier for?"

"After men are ritually executed in the arena, their bodies are carried up here, where their manhoods are cut off and cast into the fire as an offering to the Goddess." Hippolyta responded. 

"Interesting. And what of this basin over here?"

"During the festival of spring, the priestesses carry water up the Pyramid and pour it into this basin. The High Priestess immerses herself in the water, blessing it. Another priestess will then open the floodgates, there, and the water flows down the steps of the pyramid into the square below." 

"Oh we can make good use of that." The Jarl grinned. He turned, addressing Serena for the first time. "Serena, is it? I am Jarl Edric Fredulfson, lord of the Steel Horde and father of thirty seven sons. My horde and I have conquered your country and now all your people belong to us."

Serena raised her chin. "No Amazon will ever submit to the will of a man. Male scum, leave this place at once with all your men and the Goddess may only smite you and your army, and spare your children."

"Your faith is strong now, but you will think differently after I've fucked you raw and covered you with my seed," He sneered

"My person is sacred to the Goddess. My body coming into contact with semen, the most unclean of substances, would be an act of utmost sacrilege. The Goddess would surely smite you down on the spot. And even if She did not, even if you rape me until I pass out, my faith will not waver."

"If you are so certain that your goddess will save you, why don't we make a wager? It is currently noon. By the time the sun falls, I will make you deny your goddess. If I cannot, my army and I will leave these lands and never return, although, we will still take your Queen and her army with us. They have already been conquered." The Jarl gestured out at the crowd in the square. "Those down there have not. I ordered my men not to take them until after the show. If you win, they will remain free."  

"Do what you will. You will never break my faith."

"Don't you want to know what happens if you lose?"

"I will not lose."

"Funny. Your Queen said the same, and yet, here she kneels."

"Fine," Serena snapped. "What happens if Iose?"

"Utmost sacrilege. Times ten thousand." The Jarl smiled. 

"That will not happen. The Goddess will give me strength." Serena was sure of it. 

The Jarl turned to the crowd, raising his hands. "WOMEN OF AMAZONIA!" He shouted. "YOUR HIGH PRIESTESS HAS AGREED TO A TRIAL OF FAITH! IF SHE SUCCEEDS, MY ARMY AND I WILL DEPART AND NEVER RETURN! BUT IF HER FAITH BREAKS, AND SHE DENIES YOUR GODDESS, MY MEN WILL RAPE YOU, MAKE YOU SLAVES, AND CARRY YOU OFF TO OUR LAND BEYOND THE MOUNTAINS!" The Jarl needn't have shouted. The Pyramid was designed so that words spoken at the top could be heard a mile away. He turned, addressing Serena. "Let us begin. For this first part, you need only watch." He turned to Hippolyta. "Hippolyta, what is the thing you want most in the entire world?"

"To serve you master," Hippolyta replied dutifully. 

"It is good of you to say so, and serve me you shall. But you are not being entirely truthful with me, I think. What do you want for yourself, more than anything?" 

Hippolyta hesitated, embarrassed at being called out on the lie. Finally, she spoke. "I want to bear your children."

"Yes, I believe that is what you want." He reached down underneath Hippolyta's chain top and fondled her enormous breast. Hippolyta moaned softly. 

"Priestess, you have told me much about what you believe. Here is what I believe. All living things seek to leave their descendants behind. Time may claim us all in the end, but so long as our seed remains, a part of us remains as well. People are no different in this respect than animals or even plants. Life --all life- is a self perpetuating machine. 

"Since women can only bear the offspring of one man at a time, they must be selective. To this end, women seek to bear the children a strong man. I am very strong. Perhaps the strongest in the world. That is why your queen desires to be impregnated by me more than she wants freedom for herself or her people. Men, free from the restrictions of female biology take a broader approach, seeking instead to impregnate as many women as possible. All war, peace, love, strife, hatred, rage, lust, every nation, every clan, all art, every human accomplishment or endeavor comes from this simple impulse: survive, fuck, and make babies. 

"There is no food or space permitted for weak men. We kill them, and leave their bodies for the crows. In this way, there are more women to receive the seed of the strong. While weak men are useless, women, strong or weak, are always useful, as long as they can bear children and please cock. As long as you remember your place, there will always be a place for you at our feet. Let me show you. Hippolyta, why don't you help me show your people a woman's place. It's about time for you to learn to suck cock properly."

Serena saw Hippolyta's eyes widen, but the former queen did not protest. "As you say," she said, kneeling in front of him. She opened her mouth and held her hands clasped behind her back. He grasped her head and pulled her forward onto his cock. 

"In the future, I expect you to be able to suck without any help from me," said the Jarl, "but for today let's just work on opening up your throat. I expect you to be able to take half of me by the time the lesson is over." The Jarl reached down, unfastened Hippolyta's bikini top, and tossed it off the side of the Pyramid. "Always have your tits out when you're sucking cock unless your master says otherwise. He pushed her father down the shaft. 

"GAK!" Hippolyta pulled her mouth off of him, gagging and sputtering. The Jarl pushed her face downward into his ballsack. 

"Never stop unless I tell you to stop. If you need a breather, suck the balls or lick the shaft."

Hippolyta slurped as she enthusiastically tongued his balls. He brought her mouth back up to his cock, thrusting into her throat once more. His with each thrust he pushed deeper down her gullet. 

"Ak Gak Gak Gulp Gak Gag Gak!"

Serena watched, horrified, as her childhood friend, the strongest Amazon Hippolyta had her mouth and throat used like a masturbation aid. And worse still was the fact that she was not struggling. She wasn't fighting back. In fact, she now pushed her head forward to meet each thrust. When the Jarl pulled back to let her breathe she bent to suck his balls of her own accord. Serena felt a trickle of wetness run down her left thigh. She hated to admit it even to herself, but the scene before her was terrifyingly arousing. Serena watched as Hippolyta willing sucked the Jarls balls, eyes locked with his. 

"Eye contact. Good. I give you permission to use your hands. Rub my cock against your face." She grasped the base with both hands, rubbing his spit-covered dick against her forehead, cheeks, and chin. She licked up and back down the underside, then set the shaft on her forehead as she went back to worshiping his balls. She stared up at him around the wrist thick shaft. "Good instincts," the Jarl complemented. "We'll make a champion cocksucker of you yet. You may touch yourself." 

Hippolyta's hands shot to her pussy and breasts, pinching a nipple and rubbing her clit. She opened up to take another throat pounding.

"AK! GAKGURG BLEH GAK, GAK, GAAAAAAK!"

"It looks like you've got about seven inches down, keep it up."

With a great deal of struggle, Hippolyta was able to fit another inch into her throat, but try as she might (and she was clearly trying very hard) she could not fit the ninth and final inch into her gullet. She pulled off, sputtering. "M- *COUGH* My apologies master, I can't..."

"There is another way you could learn... an extreme measure you might say. Are you willing to try it?" 

Hippolyta nodded. She looked determined. The Jarl put his hands under her arms, picked her up, and set her back down again on her knees at the edge of the platform. Hippolyta was inches away from a hundred foot fall all the way down to the next level of the Pyramid. 

The Jarl lined himself up with her mouth once more. "Hold your ground, Queen of the Amazons. I'm going to push nine inches of meat into your face. You have only two choices: swallow it all or fall to your death." Hippolya's hand began to furiously stroke her clit as his cock entered her mouth. Danger always had made her exited. Eight inches of cock disappeared into her stretched lips. Her knees slid back and she knelt teetering on the brink, furiously fighting to push her mouth another inch down the Jarl's dick. Finally she succeeded, half of the Jarl's eighteen inch rod crammed into her mouth and throat. 

He pulled out, grabbed her, and pulled her away from the edge, laughing. "I must admit I'm impressed by your courage, Hippolyta. You have a warrior's heart..." He gave her tit a squeeze. "and a whore's body. Just in case you're wondering, I would not have actually let you fall. The loss of a beautiful woman is a tragic waste." Hippolyta gasped in pleasure as her rapidly moving fingers finally brought her to release. She knelt, face covered in her own spit wearing an expression of bliss. "Hippolyta, why don't you tell your priestess what that felt like. I'm sure she would be interested to know."

Hippolyta coughed, then began to speak. "It was painful and terrifying. His huge cock made it hard to breathe. My throat felt like it was going to burst. Even so, I found that I wanted to do it, I wanted to cram every inch of his rod I could into my mouth. The smell, the taste, the way my jaw ached as I struggled with his girth, these things all made me soaking wet, but most of all what I wanted was to please him so that he might consider me worthy to breed. You will understand once he is inside you, I promise."

Serena was desperately fighting the urge to touch herself. By now, her white leopard skin bikini bottom was completely soaked through. Her arousal was obvious for all to see, but though her body was weak and treacherous, her mind was faithful and resolute. She crossed her arms beneath her leopard skin clad bosom, fixing the Jarl with her best do-your-worst stare. 

"I suppose you aren't ready to submit, then, Priestess?"

"My faith will never break. Even if you take me... and... and fuck me with that... monstrous appendage. No matter how many orgasms, even if you bring me to an ecstasy that no woman has ever before experienced, even then I would not deny the Goddess. 

"Careful Priestess, it almost sounds like you want it," he said, grinning. He was teasing her of course. He, Hippolyta, all the Amazons in the square below and the entire male army that held them captive could all see how badly she wanted it. The Jarl moved forward, gently unclasping Sarena's sodden bikini bottoms and pulling them off. He casually tossed them into the sacrificial brazier. The leopard skin garment hissed as the wetness of Serena's arousal encountered the hot coals. It was quickly consumed by the flames. 

With one hand the Jarl lightly caressed her mound. She moaned, trying to press herself further into his hand, but his hand darted away, removing her bikini top. She was now clothed only in her ceremonial feathered headdress. He pinched her nipples, making her moan. She needed release. She could no longer resist the desire to touch herself. Her hands rushed to her pussy, but the Jarl snatched them away, holding them above her head with his left hand as his right continued to tease her nipple. "Ready to submit yet, Priestess?" he whispered in her ear. 

"I told you!" Serena spat back, "it matters not how many orgasms you force upon me. Nothing can make me abandon my faith in the Goddess." 

The Jarl chuckled. "What makes you think I'm going to give you any orgasms?" He bent to bite her nipple as his fingers teased her cunt. 

Oh no. 

Sarena's mind raced. This whole time, she had expected him to try to overwhelm her with pleasure as he had Hippolyta. She had been preparing her mind to withstand the barrage of orgasms that she had assumed would be directed at her. Instead, he was simply teasing her, holding her on the brink of release, but never allowing her to attain it. She was not sure how much longer she could take this torture. 

"By all means, take your time. I've only been teasing you for about thirty seconds, and there's still another five hours until nightfall." 

"Please, let me cum."

"If you want to cum, you know what to say."

Sarena's will broke. "I deny the Goddess! Please let me cum! Please!" Her vision went blurry and she felt hot tears streaming down her face. She had just betrayed everything she stood for and doomed the entire nation she had once led in prayer, all for an orgasm. Would the Goddess ever forgive her? 

The Jarl slightly changed the angle and pressure of the finger he was using to tease her cunt, and suddenly she was seeing stars. Her hips bucked as she moaned, "Yes, oh fuck yes!" and waves of pleasure shot through her body. The Jarl's finger prodded in further, finding her hymen. 

"So you're a virgin." He didn't sound happy about that. "That's unfortunate. This is going to hurt, I'm afraid. I'd promise to be gentle, but there really is no way to be gentle when fucking someone with an eighteen inch dick. Sorry." She didn't resist as he pushed her to the ground. He loomed over her in missionary position as he rubbed the head of his cock against the opening of her virgin cunt. 

Serena accepted the pain as her maidenhead was torn and her virgin pussy was stretched by the wrist-thick invader. Pain was what she deserved for betraying the Goddess and her people. She was less sure of how to interpret the divine meaning of the intense orgasm that followed in the wake of the pain. She opened her mouth to scream but no sound came out.
