 March 4th 2045 (Day Four)

Tyler didn't notice anything unusual over that weekend. He woke up and inspected his junk. It looked normal, his flaccid length a measly 2 or so inches. He queried Siri as to whether anything was happening.

"The nanobots are still in the multiplication stage Tyler. You will have to wait at least another 60 hours for the process to be complete. In the meantime sexual function may be impaired."

"What?" Tyler asked. If it had been out loud, the statement might have been shouted.

"The capacity for erections has been curtailed for the time being. I assure you, full functionality will be restored later. I am preparing eggs for you downstairs to assist in the process."

"Alright, whatever" Tyler said, throwing off the blankets to get on with his day.

Monday also passed without incident. It was a typical day at Woodgrove High. Tyler had Maths and Chinese in the morning (his third language) followed by double coding after lunch. He made no mention of Siri's mysterious offer the previous Friday night. Checking the newscasts, the headlines were the usual ('Lagos Crisis Continues: 12 US Soldiers Killed in Ambush', 'Hurricane Selma Headed for London', 'SpaceX Callisto Mission Soon to Make Landfall').

Arriving home, still alone, he headed up for his bedroom. 

"How we doing Siri?"

"The process is nearing completion, full functionality has been restored."

Tyler stripped off, his slim form standing in front of the mirror on his desk. Inspecting his flacid junk, he did notice it seemed a little larger. He gave it a gentle rub.

Immediately he felt a tingling sensation. In a few moments it seemed to race up his spine to the back of his neck. He suddenly felt extremely horny, greater even than three days without jerking off could explain.

"Jesus!" he said out loud. "What was that?"

"New bodily structures tend to possess heightened sensitivity."

"So this thing is good to go then?"

"Indeed, give it a go Tyler."

Tyler was already rubbing his dick up and down, each stroke feeling ten times better than he ever remembered it feeling before. He almost fell down before reaching the bed, so intense were the sensations. In another minute or so he could confirm it absolutely - he had never seen his dick anywhere near this huge. 

At that point it looked angry and pink. Laying his hand along the top he could barely cover it wrist to fingertip, and wrapping his hand around its girth his fingers barely touched. For a moment he had the disorienting sensation that his hands had shrunk dramatically instead, but no, this was quite real.

A sudden thought occurred to him. Ignoring the pleasant sensations, he jumped up and rummaged frantically through his room for a ruler.

"Try the third draw, Tyler" Siri suggested without prompting. Tyler so, pulling out a 30cm plastic ruler he might have had since kindergarten. He pressed it along the top of his erect dick, pressing it gently but firmly into the pubic bone, as was supposedly the proper measuring procedure.

17cm.

Tyler couldn't believe it. It had probably been some months since he had measured, but his 'regular' dick had never passed 12cm. He had grown...what was it? Two inches in the past three days? 

"Jesus" he whispered. He inspected his engorged member carefully. It was perhaps a shade pinker, but that was apparently the case with newly built skin and veins. He queried Siri again.

"Nothing wrong with it?"

"Full sexual functionality has been restored. Urinary functionality was never interrupted."

"Is it still growing?"

"Process is over 90% complete. Current measures are 6.8 inches in length, 5.8 in girth. They should be complete overnight."

"And you haven't given me cancer or anything?"

"All nanomachinery is functioning as intended."

"Jesus" Tyler whispered again.

He leapt back onto his bed, immediately bringing up some of his favourite porn links. He wasn't sure he'd been so aroused in all his life. It almost seemed a shame to be wasting such a fine new specimen on porn, but then again, what else was he to do? He had not yet had a girlfriend.

Looking through the usual links ('Korean MILF seduces schoolboy', 'Hot Indian girl takes 8 inches', 'Busty Blonde Striptease') Tyler paused. He thought of a better idea.

Tyler had never been on webcam sites. Why bother, if your body wasn't impressive enough to show off? But now he was reconsidering things. After some quick searching he was on Talkurbate.com - what seemed like one of the largest such sites. Ten minutes later, still stroking his hard dick, he had made an account and logged in. He went back to his desk and retrieved an older device - a laptop he'd gotten for his 10th birthday. He hadn't used it in a while, but now could take advantage of the webcam.

Sitting down he booted up the laptop and entered his own chatroom. In the 'description' section he even clicked 'big dick' for good measure. He positioned the camera so it only showed up to his chest.

For a time he went about things alone. He watched the old computer's screen with one eye. On his neuralink he brought up other images - going back to his usual porn. He was still intensely aroused. He was afraid he'd climax too quickly, before anyone had even come to watch the show. After about five minutes the laptop chimed, and another tab opened up in the corner of the screen as someone shared their feed with him. The username was a classic - 'megaslut21'. He nearly laughed out loud.

Tyler could see a girl who looked to be a bit older, perhaps some way into her twenties, but still attractive. Her face wasn't bad looking, a generous pair of breasts were squashed up a bit on her bed covers. He noticed at least three different tattoos. A little messaged popped up - 'Nice!'

Tyler grinned, not that she could see this gesture. With his free hand, he typed hurriedly on the keyboard. 

'You like?'

A few seconds later he got a reply.

'Definitely. How old are you?'

'Only 18' he typed. 'Had a recent growth spurt. Still a lot of growing to go I guess.'

'Haha - what is that, like 7 inches?'

'Nearly, big enough for you?'

'Haha, maybe.'

'You seen bigger?'

'Yeah.'

'Who?'

'My ex-boyfriend. He was at least 8. I've seen bigger than that at college though.'

They chatted that way for a little while. He asked how old she was. She was 24. They lived in neighbouring cities, not so close but probably less than a hundred miles away. Tyler was looking at her as he rubbed his dick a bit more furiously, the conversation turning him on immensely. He was feeling bold now. Hell, he was feeling damn near invincible. He would never have talked this confidently to a girl in real life before.

'Help me out?' he typed finally.

'Sure' she replied. Still lying on her bed, the girl started unbuttoning her blouse. A few moments later and she was squeezing together her generous tits and smiling at the camera.

Even though they were miles apart, this was too much for Tyler. A few seconds later he started cumming. The sensations were intense. He couldn't remember a more powerful orgasm since he had first started playing with his dick four or five years earlier. The size of his load surprised him even more though. Only after four or five generous spurts did his dick start calming down. For the first time he noticed his balls seemed a bit engorged, almost in line with his newly enlarged dick. He reached for the box of tissues again.

'Glad to help' typed megaslut21. 'You sure cum a lot'.

'Yeah' Tyler replied. 'See you again sometime?'

'Sure - especially if you grow a little more'. Megaslut21 smiled at him again, before switching off her feed.

Tyler found himself grinning from ear to ear as he put the laptop away. It took him a minute to clean up his load. It really had been big. The moment he was done he queried Siri again.

"Just how big could these nanobots make my dick?"

"Well technically there is no upper limit, though practical considerations will eventually-"

"Lets go to 8 inches. Keep the girth the same. How long will that take?"

"Another 48 hours, give or take."

"You said these things can alter my height as well?"

"Yes, as well as your appearance. Your physical strength, your stamina. As said earlier, recent breakthroughs allow many possible areas of enhancement."

Tyler thought about this for maybe another minute, mulling over the possibilities. He glanced in the mirror again.

"Alright, I want to be six foot for starters. Can you alter my facial features to make me more attractive? But not to the extent anyone wouldn't recognize me of course."

"Of course, any changes made will be subtle, and occur on a timeframe of several weeks at least. 'Handsomeness' is a rather abstract and subjective concept, but certain aspects seem almost universally desirable. Symmetry and a slightly cleft chin for instance."

"Alright, I trust you. Now...I definitely want bigger muscles. At the moment I'm...what? 60 kilos?"

"62.4 last time you weighed yourself on January 8th, Tyler."

"Ok, well make me six foot but then add on say, another 10kg of muscle? Proportionately speaking?"

"With a six foot frame you would weight on the order of 80kg Tyler. An added 10kg of muscle would be approximately 90."

"What would I look like then?"

In the corner of his vision a new tab opened up. It was a 3D image of his naked body. Tyler noticed the already larger penis. Next to it another identical figure appeared, but then appeared to go through a rapid aging. The counter at the bottom of the screen indicated a period of about 6 months. At the end of it, Tyler's breathe held in his throat.

He was a half a foot taller for starters. His arms bulged out considerably. He looked like a bodybuilder, complete with a well defined six-pack. His faced had not changed much, though it did look like he had matured by five years or so - and in a good way. The word 'masculine' popped right into his head for some reason. He definitely liked what we saw.

"Alright, is all that good to go?"

"The requisite procedures are already being put in motion. As before, most growth shall occur while you are sleeping."

Tyler nodded. Nervous as he was, he didn't think he'd ever been more excited.

The megaslut21's of the world wouldn't know what hit them.