 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

The now-nameless slaveboy looked around the crowded hall at the array of bare human flesh on display, which elves – all female, he noticed – were busy inspecting and buying. All across the sumptuous, marbled hall with its grand skylights and rich, otherworldly paintings, were stout iron posts to which naked slaves like him were shackled. He had been stroked, fondled, measured and violated by about a hundred elves since the sale had begun a few hours ago, and so had the group of friends he had been brought through the portal with. 

The curvy female one with the blonde, curly hair– he couldn't remember any of their names – was doing best with the attention, and he thought he could see that her pussy was even glistening a bit. They had gotten over seeing each other naked since being enslaved a few days before, and when she caught him looking at her, she just gave him a reassuring smile, but tinged with something else. Sadness? Regret? Fear? Did she really believe everything was going to be OK? Maybe it would for her – she was beautiful.

The other two males were both struggling against their shackles and chains, which the nameless slave knew was useless, but he could not speak to tell them so, for his voice had been magicked away somehow. They were an unlikely group, but when they'd celebrated the last of their eighteenth birthdays just a few weeks before, they had sworn to stay together and look out for each other as long as they could. The nameless slave had relied on the two larger males – sporty and strong – for protection throughout their school days, and the female had joined their friendship group because they readily accepted her bisexuality. Now here they were, all together, but perhaps for the last time

Since coming through the elven portal, the nameless male had seen nothing of the fifth member of their class who had been taken the same day, during the gas explosion that would otherwise have claimed their lives. He remembered her mostly as a bully, hot but unattainable, someone who had delighted in being the centre of attention while, perhaps, being just as insecure as the rest of them. In the last few weeks, she'd started to hang out with their group more. He wondered if she was the reason they'd been abducted. 

A new elf approached the nameless male, tall and thin with wide, soft eyes and a heart-shaped face, with creamy chocolate skin and long black wavy hair. She came in really close and fondled his cock, weighed his balls in her hand, and then caressed his arse. The elf ran her hands over his legs and arms, down his torso, picking out the muscles he had there and lingering on his small, delicate feet. She even licked his skin, and seemed to enjoy the taste. The same thing happened with the other three humans in the group, then the elf snapped her fingers to summon one of the sale-house staff.

"I'll buy these four. Here's the gold."

"Thank you very much. Would you like them delivered? We have a ponyboy-drawn cart ready and waiting for only a little extra."

"No. We'll walk. Please get them out of their shackles so I can put mine on."

From a bag, the elf produced long, thin chains and cuffs, and as each slave was released from their display post, she hobbled their legs and cuffed their hands to chains that ran around their waists, on on either side of their body. The slaves were linked together with more chains, in single file, with the two larger males at the back, and the female at the front. The elf attached a long leash to the female and pulled them all out of the sale hall and into the city streets.

The city shone in the midday sun. Its buildings were mostly of the same white stone or terracotta, and tended towards low and sprawling. There were many fine gardens, small parks, fountains, courtyards, and little hills and streams that were dotted all throughout the landscape. The nameless male drank it all in and tried not to notice how many eyes were staring at him, in the chained up line. He saw many other slaves, but almost none were bound as he was, which puzzled him.

He knew better than to try and pull away as they wove their way through the city streets. Any attempt at resistance or violence would trigger the sick, disabling magic that made his limbs go loose and his stomach turn, so that he had to gag and suck in breaths just to keep from vomiting everywhere. They had all learned that lesson the first day they'd been captured.

Along the way, the last male in line was unchained and taken into a shop, whose sign said 'Bespoke Transformations'. They left him there and made their way further into the centre of the town. The nameless male noticed how the city now changed. Fewer houses, more businesses, more crowded streets, and a dazzling array of things happening. He passed groups of exercising slaves, carts pulled by stout ponyboys and ponygirls, small slave markets flogging their wares, and dozens of businesses promising slave clothes, slave equipment, slave this and slave that, until his head spun with it all.

They finished their journey in the entertainment district, in a five-storey building whose first two floors had been made into a stylish bar that was heavy on black leather, with cages dotted about and a stage that could be seen from the whole of the ground floor. It was clearly not open yet, for there were no staff or customers around. The elf took them up the stairs to the top floor, where she unlocked a door and was greeted by eight other slaves in various states of undress, in their bustling shared living quarters that took up the whole floor.

"Slaves, stand in inspection position at the end of your beds!" yelled the elf.

The slaves snapped to attention with their hands on heads and legs spread wide, and the elf brought her chained-up new acquisitions into the room and shut the door behind them. The nameless male looked around the room. There were dressers and wardrobes stuffed full of costumes and sex clothes, but nothing normal. No jeans or t-shirts here. Six of the slaves were female and two male. The beds they stood in front of all had chains and shackles attached to the bedposts, and each of the slaves had what looked like their name tattooed on their belly. 

"Maitre D and Strawberry, come here," said the elf.

The oldest female slave, who looked like she was in her mid-thirties, was a curvy brunette who wore a black formal jacket and nothing else. She was joined by a little waif of a slavegirl with strawberry-red hair, and they took the new slaves through the living quarters, about another twenty metres, and through a door into a huge tiled bathroom, which had several showers mounted together in the ceiling, and four huge baths that could easily fit six people each.

All around the room were iron rings driven right into the walls themselves, all set fairly high, and the new slaves were unlocked only to be reshackled to these. The nameless male noticed that none of the other slaves were bound, and they wore only collars, no cuffs or chains. The slavegirls left briefly and came back with spreader bars, with which they opened the new slaves' legs wide. The elf declared herself satisfied.

"Maitre D, I'm leaving the big male and the female as they are. What do you think about the dancer here?"

"Mistress Espra, he would look more the part if he were even more androgynous, I think."

"Good girl, my thoughts also."

The elf got in close to the nameless male and ran her hands along all parts of his body she could find, even his face and head, and she lingered on his cock and balls. He felt the charge of magic as it seeped into his body, felt it tingle and surge and zap, then he felt like his whole body was caught in a fine net that was compressing it down. 

"He'll take half an hour, so depilate the other two first and then do him last. I need to rest – that was powerful magic – so come get me in an hour. I've already extended the non-violence spell – they can't hurt you and they can't escape the building, but they might be jumpy and flighty, so don't let them down until I come back."

"Yes, mistress!" said the two slavegirls in unison.

The nameless male watched as the other two new slaves were treated with some kind of cream that burned away all their body hair and left them completely smooth and looking very vulnerable. The strange shrinking, tightening sensation continued to pervade his body. Was it his imagination? No. It wasn't. His body was getting thinner, tighter, it was reshaping itself to leave him more boyish and slimmer, closer to that of a skinny girl of his age but with obvious boyish touches. One of the slavegirls brought a free-standing mirror over to him so he could see it happen.

He became shorter – only 5'8" - and thinner – perhaps eight stone. His arms and legs had lost what little bulk they had, and his face had taken on a more youthful vigour, but with tighter lines that erased the difference between male and female and left him somewhere in between. His cock too, that shrank a little, and his balls retracted up a bit as his scrotum got tighter. He still had straight hips, but with a painfully thin waist and ribs clearly on show through his gossamer white skin. His hair rearranged itself to a pixie cut, messy and choppy. He did look good, but this was a whole new side to himself.

Strawberry came over and carefully creamed his skin with the burning substance, then she wiped away the cream and left the nameless male's body shining and smooth all over. She made a show of checking that his cock and balls were completely hairless, and to the nameless male's surprise, his cock grew hard in her hands and became completely erect, to a size much larger than it had ever done before. He sighed with partial relief – his manhood was now both smaller and bigger. What a strange world he had been plunged into.

A while later, the elf who now owned him returned. Her features looked healthier than when she had left, and clearly she had recovered from the worst effects of using the magic on the nameless male. She was dressed in black leather, with a whip hanging off her belt on one side, and a crop on the other. The nameless male trembled at the sight of those implements.

"Good girls, Maitre D and Strawberry. Now, stand to attention and watch. New slaves, welcome to the Dark Side, my bar and brothel. You lucky things are my newest attractions, and we will be putting you to work this very evening, so enjoy the peace and quiet while it lasts. You need names, and as my property, I will choose these for you. You, the big boy, sports player or whatever you were. Your mind is very primitive, isn't it? A nice, simple hunk of man-meat, if only an eighteen year old. Hmm I think that's what I'll call you, Manmeat."

The newly named slave bucked in his chains as a magic spell, guided by his owner's fingers, branded the name 'Manmeat' into his belly for all to see. The elf inserted it into his mind, and those of all the slaves in the building, at the same time. They now knew his new name with absolute certainty. The nameless male stood awed at her mental and magical power. Any remaining hopes of escape were fading fast.

"You, the curvy blonde girl. Your mind is beautiful, quiet, submissive. You're an absolute natural slave, you know. I'm going to call you Curves. And finally, you, the boy dancer. I see in your mind you got a lot of stick for studying dance, but you stuck to your ambitions, and now, here you are, in the perfect job for as long as I choose to keep you. You need a cute name for a cute little thing. Let me think... Hmmm. I know! Starlet. It really suits you."

Starlet felt the iron will of the elf's mind as it forced his new name into his. He found that at the same time, her magic had dimmed, but not deleted, his old memories of his former life, and with his new name and new identity, some of the sadness of the past few days finally lifted. He risked a smile, and found it warmed his heart. There was a lot still to learn, and fear tinged every thought he had, but by force of the elf's magic, he was now a little more at home and a little more certain of what he was. A slave, for entertainment. He had wanted to be a performer, after all.

Curves seemed to be taking it very well too, with a shy smile creeping across her face, but Manmeat looked downcast one second, then angry the next. Starlet could tell his old friend was struggling with the situation. Was he too stupid to see there was no escape from a world of magical beings who controlled others' minds and bodies on a whim? The elf – Mistress Espra – let Curves out of her bondage first and kissed her passionately, then sent her to the showers with a pat on her bottom, to get clean. Curves started up her shower in full view of the others in the bathroom, and got busy soaping her luscious breasts and bottom. 

Mistress Espra let Starlet out next. She was now taller than the boy by two inches, and she enfolded his trembling body in a hug, then stood with her hands on his bottom while she forced her tongue down his throat and squeezed him in close. His cock got hard against the black leather of her dress and she laughed at it, then she whispered the word "flaccid" to him three times and the erection suddenly dropped away.

"Go take a shower, horny little Starlet. Save your little cock and balls for this evening's work."

"Yes, Mistress," said Starlet, still enjoying the feeling from the unexpectedly tender hug.

The water was warm but standing there showering in front of his 'owner' and four other watching slaves reminded Starlet that his mind still stood between two worlds. He was having trouble picturing his old family, his old life, and now knew with iron certainty that he could not escape. At the same time, shouldn't he want to be more than a slave? He didn't know the answer. Genuinely could not say if he should be free. Was that magic, or his real mind?

His pondering was interrupted when Mistress Espra let Manmeat out of his bondage, and the boy sprinted to the other side of the room, then bounded towards the bathroom door to try to escape the room. Mistress Espra waved her slavegirls Maitre D and Strawberry out of the way, and they let the charging male sprint past them. Starlet thought he heard the living quarters door slam too, but his mistress didn't seem worried. Starlet remembered her saying her slaves could not escape the building. Hadn't Manmeat heard?

Strawberry seemed very taken with Starlet, and she came to help him dry off once he'd finished his shower. She made Starlet come with her back into the living quarters, with Curves in tow, and they found Maitre D, who insisted on inspecting them for cleanliness by running her cool hands all over the two new slaves' bodies. Starlet was sure he would have gotten hard from that if the flaccid spell hadn't been cast on him. He blushed when Maitre D handled his cock, like it was the most normal thing in the world for her.

Strawberry showed Starlet and Curves where their new beds were. They were situated in the corner of the room nearest the bathroom, with another bed for Manmeat and a fourth, perhaps for their friend who had been taken off somewhere else that morning. That filled out the living quarters' complement of twelve beds. Starlet was just starting to worry about what had happened to the fourth of their number, when Mistress Espra burst back into the room with Manmeat in tow.

He was bleeding from two small cuts to his face, and from grazed knees, and his hands were shackled behind his back. Mistress Espra led him by the balls, which she held in one hand, then she picked the boy up without appearing to exert herself at all, carried him to the three-quarter size bed that had been assigned to him, and flung him down on it. She uncuffed his hands only to shackle him spread-eagled to the metal bedposts, leaving him defenceless. From her hands, she called forth a pulsating orb of magical energy, and placed it around the slave's massive balls, where it contracted into a tight net. Starlet trembled at the look of pain on Manmeat's face. Manmeat's vocal cords were still muted, but he tried to scream anyway.

"It'll wear off in an hour, and Maitre D will let you out in a while," she said, then looked for Starlet and Curves, "That reminds me: slaves, unmute. You can speak again. Anything to say?"

"Thank you, mistress!" said Curves. Starlet echoed her a second later.

"Good slaves. It's one fifteen and the bar opens at five. Maitre D, you can start our newest charges on getting ready."

Mistress Espra swept out of the room, leaving the door open behind her. Maitre D paired up Starlet with the little redhead waif Strawberry, and an androgynous boy who reminded Starlet of his new self. The boy's name was Scrumptious, and he and Strawberry sat Starlet down in front of a mirrored dressing table next to his bed, then they returned with armfuls of slave-clothing from various drawers and wardrobes.

Scrumptious was a master of make-up, and he added face powder, eye-shadow and liner, and lipstick to Starlet's face until he looked a little like a young Bowie, but more coquettish. Starlet thought this was going too far too fast, but when he tried to wipe it off, he found that it wouldn't even smudge.

"It's semi-permanent, darling," said Scrumptious, "It only comes off with the magical cleanser, which I'm not going to let you have. Mother?! Maitre D?!"

"Yes, boy," said the chief slavegirl – she seemed to be addressed by both names.

"He needs some discipline, mummy."

"I agree. Starlet, you are magically bound not to be able to use violence on me, but I can on you. Stand up. Now, here, come lie over my lap on the bed. Every second you hesitate, I will add five strokes. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Good boy, there. Now, that's eighty strokes total. Get ready."

Starlet hadn't wanted to get across Maitre D's knee, but something in her eye, and the look on Scrumptious's face, had told her he wasn't getting out of it. He made a decision to try and submit. He'd always liked powerful women, and always liked performing. Maybe this was just an extension of both? Maybe...

Maitre D's first blow took his breath away and the second made him squeal, while the third brought a tear to his eye and by the tenth he was crying with real feeling. Perhaps the magic had reduced his pain tolerance, or perhaps this was just the shock of being enslaved finally coming out. Starlet wept freely and wriggled to try to get free, but Maitre D added another twenty strokes when she saw him attempt to escape, and she had Strawberry and Scrumptious pin down his arms and legs. They were surprisingly strong.

"Whenever you feel your discipline slip or you have disobedient thoughts, you should come to me and say "Mummy Maitre D, I am a naughty boy and need to be spanked." Understand?" said Maitre D, in a gentle tone.

"Y- yes." 

"Yes what?"

"Yes, um..." he paused for quite a few seconds, "Mummy Maitre D," he finished.

"Good boy. Now, count the last twenty for me and say, "One, thank you mummy," etcetera. Begin."

Starlet didn't dare risk more pain. "One, thank you mummy," he said.

"Louder."

"Two! Thank you mummy!"

"Good boy. Keep going."

"Three, thank you mummy. Oof! Four, thank you mummy! Ow! Five, thank you mummy! Oh! Ah! Six, thank you mummy! Seven, thank you mummy. Eight, thank you mummy! Nine, thank you mummy! ..." Starlet finished the twenty and Maitre D had him kiss her feet, then she gave him back to Scrumptious and Strawberry to take care of.

"Now you know what happens when mummy gets mad," said Scrumptious.

Starlet sat back down on his sore bottom on the chair in front of the dresser, and he saw in the mirror that all the tears hadn't affected the make-up one little bit. Scrumptious finished applying it, then he showed Starlet how he applied it to himself, so that the new slave could learn. Starlet flinched when Scrumptious made him stand, and he had to stop himself from bolting when Scrumptious rouged up his cock and balls, to make them stand out, he said.
