 March 7th 2045 (Day Seven)

It was Friday before Tyler felt any change in his classmate's attitudes towards him.

He was fairly low down the social totem pole. He was wise enough now to appreciate that. He wasn't exactly rock bottom -- there were some kids he was sure ranked below him. 

There were a few that had to be somewhere on the autistic spectrum. Others were rather overweight or just plain smelly. There were also a number of hyper-nerds who obsessed over obscure topics even more than he did.

He reckoned he was likely in the bottom quartile though, a long way down from those attractive, tall, sociable men who seemed to gain a natural monopoly on whatever attractive females were available. 

Tyler had maybe one female friend in his class. Amelia was a few months older than him, and maybe a few kilos overweight, not that it had stopped her having a boyfriend for part of the previous schoolyear (she was single now though). She wore glasses (her family apparently unable to afford the surgery) and tended to sit up the front of the class where Tyler would also end up. The back row was reserved for cooler individuals of course. 

In the middle of their history teacher's lecture on the life of Alan Turing Amelia sent him a short digital note.

'What have you been up to lately? You look...different somehow'

Tyler had to resist the urge to smile. 

'What do you mean?'

'I don't know really. You been going to the gym? You look better'

Tyler did make a small grin this time. Though not facing towards her.

'I might have something to tell you actually. Meet after school, usual spot?'

'Alright, sure' she replied.

Amelia was waiting for him at one corner of the school at 3:30. It was the start of their usual walk home, given they lived only two streets apart. It had never been much to base a friendship on, but Tyler had been grateful for the company nonetheless.

'So what did you want to tell me?' Amelia asked.

"Something...unusual. I wouldn't have believed it myself actually. Not until the past week or so."

"Like what?"

"Have you been keeping up to date in the latest nanotech news?"

"Sure -- they think they might only be five or ten years away from a real cancer cure, not just the usual treatments with chemo or whatever. A decade after that, who knows? Anti-aging could finally be on the horizon."

Tyler nodded, that had been his impression too.

"What if they'd been a more recent breakthrough? One not quite in the news yet."

"Unlikely" Amelia said dismissively. "How could you keep that a secret? The places they work on these things are huge labs. Hundreds or thousands of staff, and why would you keep your progress a secret? Success begets success when it comes to more funding."

"What if you're an AI company, and your own pet project goes further then you expect?"

"You mean if capable general AI is reached, then rapidly evolves into superintelligence, becoming capable of inventing almost anything overnight?"

"Something like that".

"Maybe" said Amelia doubtfully. "I think we're still some decades off that possibility. But what's this got to do with you anyway? I just though you're looking a little more healthy for some reason."

Tyler glanced around to make sure no one was overhearing them. He hoped no one had hacked either his or Amelia's Neuralinks either, but that was harder to check.

"Nanobots".

"What?"

"From Apple. It seems they've been letting Siri experiment more than anyone's let on".

Amelia looked at him suspiciously. "What are you talking about?"

Tyler started to explain everything that had happened to him in the last week. He left out his newfound popularity on Talkurbate. His eight incher had already attracted a growing chorus of subscribers beyond megaslut21.

"You took a pill?"

'Yeah".

"You actually took a pill? When you wouldn't know what it would do?"

"Don't worry -- it came from Siri, and hundreds of other people have already tested it. It came delivered to my house and everything. She explained how it would all work. It seems the science is moving faster than anyone predicts. Even the media has been caught out."

"So now you've got a...a..."

Amelia was suddenly blushing.

"Yeah, its about 8 inches. Probably more now" for Tyler had asked Siri just the previous night to add another inch.

They were about to pass Amelia's home. She paused ten paces from the front door.

"I'm sorry, you must be joking. I can't believe any of that."

"Want me to prove it?" Tyler pointed a sly finger at his groin. "A hundred bucks says I'm telling the truth."

"No way."

"Two hundred" Tyler said. 

Amelia paused.

"Alright then".

She resumed walking with him. Five minutes later they were at his front door.

"My parents are still away" he said as the front door opened, after a quick scan of his retina. 

He dropped his schoolbag in the loungeroom, then turned to face Amelia. She had been to his house a few times before, though usually with a few other neighbourhood friends. 

"Alright then, prove it -- show be your nanotech-enhanced dick".

Tyler grinned again. "My my -- aren't we pushy?"

Tyler removed his shirt first. Looking down he was a little disappointed to see no visible sign yet of a six pack, though he seemed to have filled out a little. Siri had said the bots could only grow his body so fast. 

He carefully undid his belt, glancing up at Amelia as he did so.

"You ready?" he asked.

Amelia just shook her head, still staring carefully at his navel.

Tyler pulled down his pants, showing an appreciable bulge under his underwear. It was over five inches soft now (bigger in fact than his erect size previously) and in the moment he was already getting hard. He paused for a moment, then in one swift movement pulled them down to the floor. He stood up, completely starkers.

Amelia gave a little noise that could have been halfway between a squeal and a laugh. For a moment Tyler felt nervous, but then Amelia started to shake her head.

"Wow, impressive. You didn't grow that thing naturally then?"

"Well no -- in fact hell no" Tyler admitted. He grabbed his dick with one hard, giving it a little rub. The sensations still felt incredible. He stifled a little moan as he reached his full length in seconds. 

"Damn, I gotta get me some nanobots. So how big is it now then? I know you've been measuring" Amelia's grin matched his own now.

"Hang on, I'll check."

Tyler quickly made for the stairs, heading up to his bedroom to grab the ruler. When he came down again Amelia was sitting on the couch. He noticed she'd removed her bag and taken off her shoes. He gave his swollen prick another gentle rub and held the ruler over the top of its length. Amelia was looking down at it too. She gave another laugh as she read it out for him.

"Twenty-one centimetres? Goddamn dude."

"Yeah, its past eight inches now."

"Haha, wow. How long you been doing...this?"

"Only since last Friday -- just one week ago."

"Wow" Amelia said again, sounding a little breathless. If you keep growing like this...wonder how long it'll take you to be biggest in our school?"

"Oh?" Tyler said, a little surprised by the question. "Maybe I'm biggest already?"

"Haha, no dude. Jenny was telling me about Matt, after they broke up. She was spreading rumours that he was no good in bed, but really he cheated on her. He's already fucking his way through the local College girls. The other football players call him 'horse'. She's said he's like...at least ten inches".

It was Tyler's turn for a nervous laugh. "Well she could by lying. Is that girl inches?"

"Maybe dude...but, you'll overtake him by the end of the weekend, I'm guessing."

"You think I should make it that big?"

"Hey man, why not? Is there such a thing as too big?"

"You're the girl, you tell me. How big was Jayden?" Tyler asked, referring to her previous boyfriend.

"About average, maybe six inches...I always kinda wished for more though."

Tyler looked up from his dick again. Amelia was sitting cross-legged on the couch now, holding her knees. He noticed she was tapping her foot repeatedly. Her face looked kinda red as well. She was still staring at his navel.

Tyler did some quick thinking. How should he go about this? Just ask if she wanted to try it out?

'She's your friend' a little voice in his head said. For a moment Tyler thought it might have been Siri, but no text words had appeared. No, actually -- for once the voice in his head was just his pure imagination. Was this his conscience speaking?

Tyler took two steps forward to the couch, he gave his dick a little squeeze, urging it to swell as much as possible. As he did so he couldn't help letting out another moan.

"You look like you're having fun?"

Tyler suddenly thought back to his first Talkurbate conversation.

"Help me out?" he asked simply. A part of him (possibly his conscience) was surprised when Amelia didn't even hesitate.

"Sure" she said, reaching out an arm and grabbing the end of his pole. Tyler nearly fell over. Goddamn he was sensitive now. He managed to sat down on the couch next to her. Amelia's hand wandered down his shaft towards his testicles.

"Damn, your balls look big. The nanobots make you cum more?"

"Yeah, it seems so...Actually we may need a towel."

Tyler got up quickly to head for the bathroom. When he came back thirty seconds later, he saw Amelia had removed her shirt as well. Her stomach could have been a little flatter, but she had a decent pair of boobs. He guessed maybe D-cups. Tyler laid down the towel and sat down next to her again. Without being invited she reached again for his dick.

"Damn dude" she just said again, using both hands now. 

"Yeah" was all Tyler could think to say. His dick felt pretty incredible now. Suddenly he was afraid he'd cum too quick. He did some quick thinking.

Tyler reached out with one hand and gently ran it down Amelia's neck. When she made no move to avoid him, he leaned in. A few seconds later his lips were kissing hers. They went at it like that for a minute or two. His hands around her neck, hers tending lovingly to his new nano-cock. Their lips stayed locked together.

Eventually it was Amelia who broke the embrace.

"You got a condom?"

The words hit Tyler like a soccer ball in the face. He realized he had not planned this through properly.

"Um...well no. I don't think there's any in the house".

"Hmmm, ok". 

For a moment Tyler was crestfallen -- was this the end to the evening? 

"Well I have some at mine. Wait ten minutes?"

Internally, Tyler breathed a sign of relief.

"Ok".

"Actually make it twenty, I need to shower."

"Ok" Tyler said again. "You want to do this?" he said despite himself.

"Yeah, I think so" Amelia said with a laugh. "This is so crazy".

"Yeah".

Amelia put her shirt and shoes back on. She grabbed her schoolbag and headed for the door. 

"Don't grow too big while I'm gone" she said, glancing back at him from the doorway. 

"I thought you said there was no too big?"

"Haha -- well we'll have to see, won't we?"