 I drove with a plan through the streets of York. I had grown up in this area and knew it as only a misbehaved child could. I wasn't concerned about locking Sara in, she had spare keys to get out, and it had bought me time. If she had rushed out, I wasn't sure that I had the strength to fight her off. That would change though, soon as I got my plan in action. Speaking of which...

"Yeah, twenty Chicken McNuggets, a Big Mac meal and two cheeseburgers. Oh, and make my drink a diet coke." I tossed the last bit into try and crack a smile off the nervous little blond puff behind the till. I guessed she was sixteen and on her first shift. Didn't work, she just frowned, looked at her trainer and he set about showing her what to do.

Yep, my grand plan was to get some fast food in me. I was starving, it was simple and easy. I had a few looks, especially off mothers desperately trying to resist their kids chips. I answered them each with a wink and a grin. Fuck them, this is definitely a comfort food day. I feasted.

One inhalation later, I was sat with a scattering of nuggets and some fries left, slurping at my coke and looking smugly at the astonishment on a fat guys face. I was distracting myself, it was fun, but...

What the hell am I going to do? I have five hundred quid (less a McDonald's). That won't last long at all. I have a Citroen Cactus that may or may not have been reported stolen (fugly car, no idea why Sara chose it). I have my phone (S6 Edge, if you wanted to know). Oh, and the few clothes I currently wore. I'd have to take them off to even know what size I am.

I needed a plan.

Okay, I'd had a plan. What I needed was a better plan than gorging on a Maccy D's. I snagged two more McNuggets for the road and left, leaving the remains of my meal for one of their staff to clear up. (Believe it or not, that's not me being an arse. I worked in a McDonald's for a few weeks, when working the lobby you wanted stuff to clear up to break up the tedium.)

Hey, the Cactus has cupholders! Maybe this car isn't a complete disaster. I stuck my coke in one and opened the glove box. Of course there was a pad and pen there. How could you take down insurance details without having that handy? Sara's nothing if not prepared.

She may fucking lie to you for years about your future, your past, your own sodding family. Oh, and what she's prepared or how this huge thing's going to fucking wreck yo-

Woah, Nelly. Back away from the ledge. Put down the firehose.

I took out the pad and pen, flicked to a blank page and began writing.

Not-Eric's Cunningly Stunning Plan:

