 ***AUTHOR'S NOTE - Garden of Hellish Delight Chapter 5 is on the way but I fancied a bit of a change of pace and so I put this together. 

It's a bit more lighthearted than the Garden series, in which John is very much a martyr.

Also, any resemblances herein to any persons in real life, wither alive or dead are purely coincidental and shouldn't be taken seriously.

Please-don't-sue-me-lol etc etc ***

*

In a remote corner of Hell, in the centre of a stone cavern that throbbed with the heartbeat of a million foul monsters scuttling along its depths, a council of demons sat at an ebony table on crystalline chairs, plotting.

But these demons had no horns or talons, scales or jaws; these demons had luscious red lips and glossy hair, full, round breasts and tight, dripping snatches.

The Elder Council of the Third Echelon of the Lost Succubi of the Vortex was holding an emergency meeting.

On its eight seats sat an array of succubi millenia old, though to human eyes none of the stunning creatures assembled could have been a day over 30.

All eight of the assembled succubi sat on crystal thrones which bore a hole in the seat. Inside lay tentacular demon spawn which would steadily milk their pussies as they sat -- the only way the succubi had found to keep their own bodily needs from distracting them from concentrating during important business.

And important business it was... chairman Lilly had held an emergency meeting to discuss news that had troubled her.

A bushy-maned redhead at the end of the table with a body that no human could even dream of placed her hands on the table to speak.

"My fellow sluts," she began in her customary opening. "Whores, harlots, seducers of men and conquerors of libido.

"I have been given news that troubles me greatly; it would appear a human has found a route out of Hell, a rip in the dimension of the Great Inferno itself.

"Lucifer is mightily pissed, as you might expect, and wants it sealed. In the meantime, I have instructed all the gathered demons of lust within a ten-climax radius of it to make Hell's current human residents more... comfortable. Suffice to say any human caught near that exit would no longer want to use it, even if he ...or she... could.

"I had already instructed Farrah to go through the portal and retrieve the human, but that has caused.... complications. She has been stripped of a large swathe of her power and, well... you can see the results for yourself."

A chestnut-haired girl, who looked to be mid-20s was convulsing on her throne, running one hand through her thick, silky hair and another clutching her chest.

When passing through the portal, the succubus had felt an almighty wrenching feeling clawing at her very being, as nearly all her demonic power was pulled away.

Sitting in her throne now, she no longer had the immunity to the aphrodisiac toxins produced by the creature that her sisters possessed.

Nor too did she have the mental barriers implanted in all succubi to pleasure conditioning used by demonspawn, as her twentieth orgasm ripped through her in the hour she'd been seated since her private pre-meeting session with Lilly.

Aware of this, the creature used its limited psychic ability to probe her unresisting mind and focus more of its stimulation on pleasurable areas and less on others.

After an hour of this, Farrah was shaking as if the grip of a seizure.

"What do we do?" murmured one exotic-looking succubus with ringlets of black hair and a hefty chest, whose gaze was lingering on Farrah, almost longingly.

"Simple, we go through," said Lilly, drawing shocked gasps from around the room.

"But... we'll be at the mercy of the humans!"cried another, this time blonde, succubus with deep blue eyes.

"One good fuck and we will be theirs!" she cried, biting her lower lip and closing her eyes.

"Now that's where you're wrong," said Lilly, triumphantly, as she fished a glass vial out of the tight cleavage produced by her skimpy PVC corset.

"Behold, sisters, the effect of human sperm."

Lilly got out of her throne with a loud squelch as her demon was yanked from within her.

She walked over to helpless Farrah and gripped her chin as she shook.

Tipping the vial in, she poured all of its contents inside the girl's mouth whose innate reaction was to greedily swallow and stick her tongue out to lick its remains.

Soon after swallowing, Farrah stopped her thrashing, her eyes opened and she slowly focused them on Lilly.

"Lilly... I...I'm sorry... I lost control..."

"Not your fault, young one, you have been robbed of your powers," said the chairman as she kissed Farrah softly on the lips.

"This was the effect of the contents of one load of human sperm. We will need many... many more to completely reverse the damage we will take by passing through the portal."

"But why pass through at all?" asked another brunette as she gyrated on her seat.

"It's only one human. His soul will be damaged by spending so long in our plane. He won't last long before he breaks down into the aether."

"Because this is not about one soul, my sisters... this is about opportunity.

"I see this as... our chance to invade humanity itself."

A shocked gasp filled the room once more, punctuated by a slow moan from Farrah. Her sperm shot was already wearing off. 

'We will need MANY men to undo the damage this will cause,' thought Lilly.

"How on Hades do you expect us to do that?" said the brunette again.

"We won't be able to persuade anyone else to help, and there are but eight of us.

"We may have some fun, but we will never be able to completely dominate them. We will spend all our time trying to restore our powers before we can drain them of their souls."

"We won't be able to take souls," conceded Lilly. "At least not in the way to which we are accustomed.

"But we will have help -- we will summon the Great Breeder."

A third gasp -- followed by an excited yelp by Farrah. She blushed and looked away when everyone turned to face her.

"I am aware of the implications, sisters, but with its help, we will dominate the humans and own them in their realm.

"They have always been but livestock to us... now, we shall simply run the farm."

***

Dr Helen Mayweather cut through another overgrown batch of creeper as she dove deeper into the South American rainforest.

There was a hefty commission on this project -- one that would see her set for life -- but after months exploring overgrown jungle, she was beginning to wonder if she'd been led on a wild goose chase.

For one thing, she'd never heard of the company that had hired her -- Desire Inc (which sounded more like a sex toy manufacturer) -- but when your bank account's empty and the next rent bill's coming through, you take what you can get.

Things were picking up though -- she could swear she could hear voices up ahead. It could mean progress, but it could also mean she'd gone in circles and reached a settlement she'd already visited.

The undergrowth was thinning out and she was about to reach a clearing. With a few final chops of her machete she was through.

"What... the... fuck...?" she said as her eyes took in the sight that greeted her.

Four women built like porn actresses were standing stark naked in front of a massive green pod, which was held in the writhing grip of an array of creepers.

One of the women, who all wore an extractor mask over their mouths, stepped forward to greet her.

"Hello Helen," she said. "You found your plant."

Helen had not gathered herself enough to respond to the bizarre sight in front of her when she felt her nipples harden. Little bullets pressed against her jungle gear tank top and the temperature seemed to rise further, demanding that she drop her bag.

She had barely done so when she noticed a damp stain appearing on her crotch. Was she... getting wet?

The heat was stifling and she felt she had little choice other than take her tank top off. As she dropped it to the ground, she noticed for the first time the light droplets of pollen floating in the air -- the same pollen she had now been breathing in for several minutes.

A heavy throbbing had started at her crotch and she began to feel incredibly aroused despite herself, overcome with a need to fill the void growing between her thighs.

Her left hand flew inside her trousers, while her right fumbled to undo her bra, her mind ignoring the situation she was in and the company nearby as it rushed to meet the need for stimulation the body had placed on it.

The four ladies approached and in moments the women were pulling down her shorts and underwear, and taking off her boots.

Within minutes, Helen was writhing on the ground, her left hand still glued to her crotch in a frantic attempt at self-pleasure, while her other hand was fondling her breasts.

In her delirium, Helen didn't spot the tubular fronds slithering along the grass towards her before wrapping round her legs.

The sensation as they slithered sensuously across her skin was enough to catch her attention however.

"What the?!" she exclaimed, as more fronds reached out and wrapped round her arms.

She struggled against the restraints, but to no effect. Much as she wanted to escape though, she found her most pressing need was release of a more sexual nature.

One of the women, a young blonde, reached over and played idly with Helen's clit, while steadily pumping a finger in and out of her pussy.

"I bet you're dying to have this filled, aren't you?" she asked through her breather mask.

"Not long now, earth-slut."

Helen moaned at the touch, and was soon bucking her hips in climax. As she did so, the fronds holding her legs yanked them upwards and apart, splaying her out as if she was visiting the gynaecologist's.

A large vine with several small fronds a foot away from its end slid out of the pod and headed straight for the crotch.

The blonde withdrew her hand, allowing the vine to nuzzle against her labia, while its fronds unfolded and came to rest on her clitoris. Slowly the fronds coiled round it, tighter and tighter as they gripped it like a vice, causing her to thrust her hips involuntarily, desperate to be tipped over the edge again, but without anything to fill her.

Slowly the vine at her crotch pressed against her pussy and gained ground as her flesh gave way. It slid rapidly in, aided by her liquid excitement and penetrated Helen deeply, coming to a rest far inside her.

Helen sighed contentedly at the feeling of being so full. She wasn't sure if it was the effect of the pollen, especially as she should be petrified by now, but feeling so full was just so... pleasant right now.

The vine inside her rapidly pulled back, to the point it had almost withdrawn completely, before shooting in a second time. After another round of test thrusts, the vine picked up a rhythm and was soon rapidly pumping in and out of the helpless woman.

To Helen, the sensation came as an incredible relief, and she thrust back against the vine as it did so.

The thrusting of the vine was sending electric sensations to the rest of her body as she writhed in the grip of the fronds, which slithered seductively across her nubile flesh.

An orgasm ripped through her, and Helen became aware of a change in the plant, as a large liquid sound came from the direction of the pod.

Soon, the vine that led into Helen was pulsing as a large mass rapidly shifted through it, swiftly followed by another, and another, and another...

The captured botanist felt a brief flash of panic as the first pulse hit and she felt a massive discharge of thick, gunky liquid inside her womb.

The ensuing loads hit her fast and hard, and within seconds, her belly was so distended it resembled the late stages of a pregnancy.

Helen's head was spinning now, thanks to a potent combination of drugs in the semen that filled her.

As she looked down, she giggled at the sight of her swollen tum.

"I got knocked up!" she laughed, to no one in particular.

Looking round, she noticed the four hot women from before, still wearing those funny masks on their faces.

"Hey, come and check this out!" she called to them.

"Weeell... look who's got a bun in the oven!" cooed one patronisingly.

"'Oo's a filthy slut, then?" said a brunette, stroking her hands across Helen's stomach.

"Me!" snorted Helen with a giggle.

The plant's restraints on Helen stirred to life again, and began dragging her towards the plant.

At that moment, a new element of the drug's intoxication hit her as her head swam in a pleasant drowsiness.

"Oh bye-bye Helen!" said the blonde who'd fingered her earlier.

"Yes, buh-bye!" said the brunette.

"I'm being eaten..." she said to them, with a look of wonder on her face as her legs were pulled inside a tight orifice that had opened in the pod.

"Oh no, it's better than that," said the blonde with a wink. "Enjoy!"

"Hurrr...." moaned Helen, as the edge of the orifice slid past her throat, and within seconds her head had disappeared. With a pop, she was completely gone.

"It has begun," declared the blonde.

***

It was the eyes that should have given it away. 

Marc Green was lying on his back while his girlfriend sucked him off, thinking about how lucky he was. Naomi was usually very coy about oral sex, and was clearly a bit put off at the idea of putting her mouth to the same piece of meat most often used for venting piss.

Yet here she was, slurping his dick like a pro. With an intense technique, his 18-year-old honey had kept his eyes fixed in a mesmerising stare.

Maybe it was the rarity of the situation, or the supercharged eroticism of the blowjob, but Marc was unable to take his eyes off hers as her head bobbed and twisted in his lap, even as his impending orgasm approached.

He couldn't figure it out; one day, same old shy Naomi, the next she's treating him like a different person and sex felt like she wanted it of him, not that she thought it would keep him happy.

Not that he was complaining, of course.

"Baby, you taste so good," she sighed as she came up for air, her hand grasping his harder than usual shaft.

"See? I kept telling you it wouldn't be so bad once you tried it," he said, grinning like a cheshire cat.

Naomi grinned back and ducked down for more, and it wasn't long before her attention tipped him dangerously close to the edge.

He rested his hands on her head, then had a brief flash of panic. 

Shit, he didn't have anything to catch his load with. There were no tissues nearby, or anything disposable to soak it up on, and he was pretty damn sure Naomi wasn't secretly into bukkake.

Too late, he was coming. Fuck, he was going to make a mess...

He came. Naomi hadn't moved an inch.

She swallowed it all! Not just that, but she was really getting into it!

Still sucking, she cleaned out the last dregs of spunk off his deflating member.

Withdrawing, she licked her lips and grinned again.

"And I thought the appetiser was nice. I never knew the mains could be so good!"

Marc stared at her incredulously.

"Oh! Class starts soon, I've got to go! I'll see you later!"

And with that, she left, leaving the janitor's store closet door swinging behind her as she did so, while Marc sat on the boxes of cleaning tools in a bewildered silence, fearful that if he tried vocalising what had just happened, it would break some wonderful illusion.

The sound of another set of footsteps grew closer.

***

Next door to Naomi's class, a graduate careers seminar was taking place, advising all 18-year-old students on prospective careers.

20 students sat in front of the new teacher, who the school had apparently seen fit to hire for one end-of-year lesson only, but several in the audience had an idea why.

Sitting at the front of the classroom was a dazzling brunette who would only be a few years older than the students she was 'teaching'.

Her feet were neatly covered by shiny red stilettos, with nothing covering her smooth and glimmering legs, all the way up to the thighs. A short miniskirt was the only thing preventing the students from seeing her undergarments -- though as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, it was doing a pretty poor job of it. Above it, a white cotton shirt was undone by three or four top buttons, revealing an eyeful of the woman's massive cleavage, which possessed dimensions of near-comical proportions.

On top of the mountains of creamy flesh the pupils eyes had to traverse to reach the top of their new teacher sat a face of beauty with eyes that bore into the soul through a dainty pair of spectacles and found a way out through one's sexual organs. A full and glossy head of hair cascaded down her shoulders.

There wasn't a soft dick in the room. All the boys looked on in unashamed lust, while the girls stared, trying to work out where she bought the clothes that showed off her curves so well, or just how she got her hair that glossy.

Or how what must have been costly amounts of silicone looked and moved so naturally.

A couple of brighter girls were wondering how on earth she was allowed to teach lessons dressed so inappropriately, or why the school had even hired her when none of the other teachers had any leaves of absence, or were even off sick. 

Mr Symes, the headteacher, was a notoriously greasy old letch though -- that probably had something to do with it.

"Now then, class, so good to see you all here," she said. "My name is Desiré."

Desiré wrote the name on the board in elegant swirls, though neglected to accent the e at the end.

"Um, Miss... Desiré?" asked a frowning bespectacled girl with her hand outstretched.

"Yes dear?"

"Shouldn't we be calling you by your surname?"

Desiré walked over to the girl's desk with a friendly smile.

"Well, I am your teacher, and I'd like to get to know you all more personally," she said, as she took the girl's hand in hers, placing her spare hand on top and squeezing gently.

The girl gave an unconscious sigh and stared off into space for a second before coming back to earth and shaking her head slightly.

"Now, in a few months, you'll all be going into the big wide world and facing a whole new raft of challenges," she said, with a condescending smile.

It was patronising garbage, but no one in the room giggled, sighed or rolled their eyes. She had everyone's complete attention.

"But you'll probably find these challenges to be very enjoyable. And that's a major part of choosing a career. What kind of challenges do you find enjoyable?

"Now, I've got my own seat here, but those seats you're sitting in look very comfortable.

"Why don't you take a sit back in those comfortable seats and think about what you enjoy.

"Let's start with the boys; close your eyes, and think of what you like."

Every male in the room closed his eyes, and without fail, the picture they saw with their eyes closed was no different than the one they had when open. Desiré was standing there -- a hot picture of sinful beauty, permeating their thoughts.

"Now, let's think about taking what you enjoy. It's what you want, it's within your grasp, so you should go for it.

"Seize it, and take your pleasure!"

Every man in the room was now fucking Desiré, in their head. She no longer had her teasing clothes on, and was instead buck naked beneath or above them as every male writhed in ecstasy with the teacher, in their heads at least.

"Now girls, let's do it with you. There's a wealth of pleasurable experiences to be had out there, you know.

"So sit back in those comfy chairs of yours, and close your eyes.

"And imagine. Imagine just letting go of your worries or inhibitions and letting those pleasurable experiences take you.

"Let them take you, girls!"

Every girl now had their eyes closed, and as they pictured themselves consumed by a variety of pleasures.
