 Wow, been a while eh? This took a lot longer than I expected and, of course, is shorter. I guess I should probably recap for any older readers. I'm Katya, a blond hottie that was once Erik, a male blond hottie. For some fucked up reason, my 21st birthday came with a magic curse that turned my XY into an XX. Weird, eh? Well strap in, we're just started. The same thing happened to my birth mother, but she can't help me on account of being dead for some fifteen plus years now.

The woman that raised me, Sarjita (I call her Sara or mum, Sarjita was too much for me to enunciate as a kid) knew it was coming but fucked up and got the timings wrong. After some antics, mum got me home, I changed and was promptly fucked by my childhood friend, Jenny.

I, uh, kind of messed up my friendship with Jenny years ago when she came out. I may have been slightly homophobic...

Anyways, after that I slept for far too long. Woke up, inspected myself in the bathroom (same hair, same height, B cup, definitely got a cunt and lost my cock) then had a shower. In said shower, I made a choice to figure out who the fuck I am now and who, exactly, I fancy. Thanks to Jenny, I knew I still liked women, so I had a wank fantasizing about one of Erik's house mates. 

Then I kind of stole Sara's car, drove to my Uni house and fucked both that house mate and the other one. At the same time. Guess I'm now a slut, not a player. Whatever.

Still, that happened. I napped some more then drove to Jenny's. Found out she has some sort of goddess for a girlfriend and that they were into some heavy bondage. Ran away from that crazy ass situation and got carded in a few places. I finally found myself in a gay bar, had a bizarre heart to heart with Jenny's girlfriend, Bethan, and ended up going home with the barmaid. 

Which gets you, more or less, up to date.

*

I could feel a nipple, pointed and pressing into my palm as the low throb of my hangover woke me. I grimaced, keeping my eyes shut as I categorized this particular morning after. Dry mouth? Check. Pressure behind the eyes? Check. Aching muscles? Eh, not especially. Naked chick I could try to get another round in with? Heh. Check. I drew my hand back slowly, tracing her nipple across my palm and down the length of my finger as I thought back over the previous night.

We had snogged at her front door, my body trapping her against the white plastic door. I smirked as I recalled how, our tongues dueling, I had groped at her body and tried to distract her while she sorted and then snared out her keys. Susan had laughed out a "Gerroff!" when she turned to unlock the door, I had busied myself by giving her a hickey. We had stumbled through her flat (fine, I was doing most of the stumbling), kicking off shoes and shedding our tops before I grabbed her and we tumbled into her unmade bed.

More specifically, I pulled her down on top of me as we fell into the bed and she landed with her right hip right on my bladder. There were squeals, a desperate plea and mad dash to relieve myself, followed by more laughter from us both. It felt good, as did the fumbling mutual fingering that followed. We buried ourselves in the warmth of her duvet before shucking off the rest of our clothes. I remembered my mock frustration with the duvet as I grabbed for her hips, flapping it unnecessarily to get her laughing more before-

"Mmmm," I had been tracing patterns over Susan's areola and flicking her nipple gently as I reminisced. She was rousing and rolled towards me, pushing her small handful into a better grasp. "Good morning to you too. What time is it?" She rolled her eyes at my shrug and twisted away from me, the covers falling off her torso as she reached for her phone. I pushed myself up on one elbow to admire the view.

Okay, I know on first impressions I rated Susan as a high five but that was in her uniform. Okay, I admit that she was still that too-pale shade of ginger that left her looking vaguely shocked most of the time and, yes, her tits couldn't fill a saucer but fuck me her body was fit. I mean that both literally, as I could watch the muscles shift and move beneath her skin, and sexually because, damn, that body was hawt.

"It's nine-twenty, if you were curious," she was smirking at my appreciation, so I shot back with the old wink-and-half-smile as I placed a fingertip on her solar plexus. My gaze dropped as I trailed my finger down her belly, pulling the duvet with it. Susan obliged my curiosity and tensed, her pale abs suddenly standing to attention. 

I heard my soft moan of appreciation as I bent closer and planted a kiss onto her toned body. "Dancer?" I kept my voice low and deliberately throaty, slowing my finger as I kissed the highest of the abdominals on her right side.

"Ballet," I could hear Susan's amusement in her tone.

"Professional?" Her stomach rippled with barely held laughter as I continually planted kisses on to her abdomen.

"Not any more. Knee injury." My mouth's journey complete, I pulled the duvet from her sex. Her crotch was covered in a pair of boy-shorts, apparently I was the only completely naked person - woman, even - in this bed. Well, I could soon change that. I twisted my body, my arse now closer to the headboard than the foot of the bed, and slipped my hands down her hips, inside the fabric. "And what do you think you're doing? Some of us have jobs to get to."

It was my turn to smirk now, glancing back over one shoulder. "Tsk, you tend a gay bar and can't even tell when a hottie is going down on you?" She arched a brow and made a meal out of checking her phone. At least, I think she did. Damn things are so pale it's hard to tell.

"Well, I suppose I could spare twenty minutes to indulge you." She waved a hand at me. "Carry on." I snorted and pushed her underwear down to mid-shin. Doing so allowed me to not-so-subtly knee-walk closer to her head. Susan's legs were glorious, toned for miles and I thoroughly enjoyed brushing my lips up them as I drew back. There, as my drunken recollections had told me, lay her shaved pussy in all it's glory.

Now, if you're reading this then I'm going to assume you've read everything else I've written and that you have certain opinions about me. Some of those I might agree with, other's I'd probably tell you to shove somewhere. One thing you really should have realised about me by now, though, is that I'm far from a novice in the sack. So when presented with Susan's pussy I did not dive in like some virgin, eager to get his tongue on a clit with the misguided notion that was all he needed to touch to bring his lady to O-town. 

No, I teased her to begin with long strokes of my hands over her quads before sliding them round, under her thighs and nuzzling kisses working my way towards her snatch. I felt somewhat bemused as I pursed my lips for another soft brush against her. Whenever I'd done this before, I would feel my cock harden and be working the girl in question up ready for me to fuck her with it. Now, though, I guess my ultimate goal is just her pleasure. I turned my chuckle into a blow of air over her slit at the thought of how damn altruistic I was, bringing an echoing chuckle from Susan.

"Fine, we can do this," my grin was concealed by gently sucking her left labia into my lips. Well, her right labia but it was left as I looked... you get the picture. I felt her hand on my leg, pulling it towards her. "But, I do have work soon so lets kill two birds with one stone, eh?" Like I was going to argue with that, I glanced under my body (yup, seeing my tits hang into view is fucking weird) and shifted my leg over her head. I did my best to ignore her hands as she took hold of my waist and pulled on my hips, focusing on the motion of my tongue as I opened up her cunt and swirled about her entrance. 

We began an unspoken race, the goal was the other's climax. I pushed my tongue inside her as she dove straight for my clit, working against all the instincts my sexual history had taught me. I gasped, my head jerking back reflexively as lightning blasted out of my cunt. "What the fff..." Her tongue was relentless, thrashing out a staccato rhythm on me as I forced myself to both ignore it and mimic her efforts right back to her. I worked my tongue over the tiny erection poking out of her hood but knew that my body was betraying me. Susan lapped at me with a demanding pattern of swishes and swirls, her skill at playing my body throwing my own attempts into disarray. I felt a tremor in my left leg, my lungs breathless as I tried to ignore her efforts.

It was useless. My head jerked back, hands clenching tightly onto her as my orgasm howled out of me. Literally. Fucking. Howled. Some small, Erik-shaped part of me surged with jealousy. He had never made a woman howl like I was now. This cum lacked the pent-up-yet-exhausted tension of fucking Jenny or the exploratory, holy-crap-I'm-taking-cocks of Dan and Joe. It was pure, catch-free sex and fuck it was fun.

I came to my senses shuddering over her. I had pushed myself up, chin wet with Susan's juice, and was grounding my cunt into her face like I could suck her head inside me. Now there's a thought to make a girl wince. And there's a thought I never dreamed I could have.

If you want to hear my next efforts then prepare for disappointment. I was dazed by cumming and Susan was short on time. I gave her some distracted head but she nudged me away and set about getting ready for work. I, at least, had sense enough to steal some deodorant and slid into yesterdays clothes.

Susan glanced at me, her black blouse and trousers giving her a severe look as she brushed her ginger locks. "Breakfast?" My stomach roiled at the thought of food - I guess Katya wasn't a drinker then - and Susan must have read that from my expression. She laughed "Guess not. Coffee?"

"Oh god, yes."

"Your wish," she flourished a ballerina's bow to me, the brush trailing a swirl through the air, "is my command."

It was Nescafé, if you're curious. Nothing fancy, not like Sara's tea selection, but still heaven in a cup to me. I propped my arse against her counter while Susan ate her berry and yogurt breakfast.

"So. What's your plan?" She gave me a look of open curiosity. I blew out a long slow breath. Fuuuuuuuck. A plan? Last thought I had resembling that was to go to Jenny's and, well, fucked that one up a little, didn't I?

"I'm not sure I have one. Distract myself with you some more was about the limit. For the rest?" I shrugged, at a genuine loss for what to do next. Somehow I doubted Susan would let me chill here. Besides, I wanted some fresh clothes and a toothbrush to scour away last night's booze. 

"Alright," Susan's voice slipped into her calm, bartender tones. The one that aimed for being reasonable when the audience may not be as amenable to the idea, "then my next question is what do you want from me?"

"Huh?" She smiled, tilting her head as she gave me a moment before continuing. "Well, do you want advice or a distraction? I can only imagine what this all has done to fuck you up but I am gay you know. Coming out to my family wasn't easy, I drove myself nearly nuts before hand and I think the situation might be close enough that I can help. Of course, if you just want a distraction..." she moved her right leg and traced her finger up her thigh. Yeah, yeah, I had just been fingering her cunt moments ago but still I was riveted as the fabric dimpled under her touch. "God, Katya, you really are a guy, so easy to distract."

"It's a decency thing," Susan cocked her head in curiosity. "See, us guys only want one thing, that way you know where you stand with us. We have the decency to be predictable. Err, they do, I mean."

"That's shallow as hell. You realise that right?" 

"Yup. Who cares? It worked plenty for me."

"Can't argue with that then. So, what's it to be?" 

As if there was a choice. Get proactive and start sorting my life out or have meaningless sex with a, well, frankly a six but a helluva good fuck-of-a-six. I wanted to feel her small breasts pressing at my chest, those nipples boring into m skin, that tight body writhing against me, those soft lips-

"What would you do?" For fuck's sake, why'd I go and say that? I swear, Brain, you and me are going to have a proper fucking fight soon. By the smile on her face, I guess that my whole thought process had played out for Susan's entertainment. Fuck, fuck and fuck again.

"You start by doing what any woman does when she's at a loss." Her shoulders bobbed once in a shrug, "you talk to your mum. Trust me, all mum's know far more than we ever credit them with. She'll surprise you. She can help you."

Damn. Sara. Part of me wanted to rage against her. She had lied to me for. Fucking. Years. She hid secrets about my mum and what would happen to me. Fuck it, for that matter I was still pissed that she had such a friendship going on with Jenny.

But, she was my mum. The woman that had raised me after my real mum (dad? Fuck this is still confusing) had died. She had hugged me when grief had me howling, held me when I skinned my knee and I cried like a little bitch. She had always been there for me. Fuck, she was still there for me, calling my mobile when she realised what was going to happen.

"Kat." Susan's voice was soft as she had, once more, watched my thoughts play out. "You need your mum. Got to her."

*

Getting back to the Cactus wasn't going to be a problem, I could find my way to Jenny's street simple enough and that thing is so ugly that it stands out like a fox in a hen house. There was one issue, though. Well, two issues really. Jenny and Bethan. I'm not sure I wanted to see either of them right now and I've no idea what I'd say to Jenny after last night so, like a true hero, I took the only brave route and had the Uber drop me at the far side of her street.

"Cheers, pal." I slipped from the smelly driver's car, glancing down the road to Sara's car. I could swear that I could see something through the window. I was straining on my tiptoes, wanting a better view before I got near, when my phone rang. "Yeah?" I said, pressing it to my ear without thinking.

"Err, who is this? And why the fuck do you have Erik's phone?" Shitshitfuckcuntbollocks! I tore the phone from my ear and stared at the screen. It was Joe, my flatmate and, as of yesterday, fuck-buddy. And he wasn't phoning for Katya-me. He wanted Erik-me. You and me both, brother.

"What do you mean, who the fuck am I? Who the fuck are you and why are you swearing down my cousins phone at me." There. If in doubt, be aggressive. At least I hadn't lost those instincts.

"Cousin? That Katya? Why have you pinched Erik's phone?" I quick-stepped down the street, wanting to draw level with the Cactus before crossing to it (and the side of the street Jenny lived). Why the fuck had I answered without checking first?

"It's not pinching. I needed a phone, Erik gave me his."

"No, now I know you're talking crap. There's no way Erik gives up his phone. It's his lifeline to sex-" I smirked. He wasn't wrong "-and I call bull on you being his cousin too. But, on the off chance you are, tell Erik 'hi' and that I'll be there in 40. Bros before Ho's." He hung up. 

"Fuck!" I swore at the blank screen. Joe, my house mate and the guy I'd blown so well my throat still felt uncomfortable, had left Leeds and was on his way to Sara's house. He was going to check in on and sort me out. Only the me he was expected had vanished in a poof of lesbian fucking. Why the hell would he do such a thing? 

"Fuck-fuck-fuuuuuck." I may have sworn louder than intended as I grabbed the keys from my pocket and ran the rest of the distance to Sara's car, beeping the doors open as I did. I had to get home ASAP and block him off. Better yet, if I could catch him bef-

"Morning!" I was closing my door as Jenny yanked open the passenger side, a book tucked under her arm and folding stool in her hand. What the serious fuck, had she sat there waiting for me all morning? I stared at her, my brain stalling at her sudden appearance. The gothic bitch just grinned back at me. "What? I know you, dickwad, and knew you'd try to dodge me. There's no effin' way I was going to let that go, so," she waggled her eyebrows as she tucked the stool into a compartment of the door, "I decided to park my butt here and wait for you."

"Very fucking funny, now get the hell out of here, I've got to go sort some shit out." Did she listen? Nope, her seat belt clicked as she locked it into place and looked at me expectantly. "I said fuck off, I've gotta-"

"Oh, I heard you," Jenny's smile was patient and infuriating as hell, "I'm just ignoring that. I'm here, and we can either sort this out together, or you can have a hissy fit in the car and then we'll sort it out."

I ground my teeth in frustration. I didn't want her here, didn't want her 'help' in my life. But she was as stubborn as a mule and her grin told me she damn well knew that she'd won this argument. "Fine!" It took two attempts to fasten my own seat belt as my anger stole away my aim. "You can come with, but I don't need and I sure as hell don't want your help." Her grunted response was filled with amusement as I pulled away. Cow.

I reckoned it was roughly a half hour's drive from mum's to Jenny's place and Joe had said he'd get there in forty minutes. It'd be close, but I reckoned we could get there first. Maybe even head him off and... what? Dammit, what the hell would it take to get him to drop this? It's not like I could drop to my knees and distract him in the street. Or, worse, in front of S-

"Red light!" 

I slammed on the brakes at Jenny's warning, stopping just in time to be legal. Barely. Jenny's relieved sigh made me glance at her. A glance she met with a raised brow. "Damn, Katya, what's gotten your knickers in a twist?" I tore my gaze away, jaw clenched as I mentally vowed not to share a damn th-

"My fucking house-mate is coming to check on me." One day, just maybe, my gob will listen to my brain. Today, it appeared, was not this day. 

"And by your house-mate, you mean..?" Fuck it. Apparently I was sharing, in for a penny as it were.

"Erik's, duh." I grabbed at my left tit for a moment before the light changed. "Ain't had these long enough to get any for the new me."

Jenny chuckled at my demonstration. "You know, just because you have boobs doesn't mean you have to grab them. The rest of us don't. Though, I guess it was less of a shock for the rest of us to grow a pair." I couldn't help but snort at the phrase. Judging by the grin I could see out of the corner of my eye, the double meaning was not lost on her either.

"Nice."

"I rather thought so. Anyway, this house mate. Talk to me, let's see what we can figure out." The patient tone to her voice grated on my nerves. I shoved that aside, if she was going to forcibly come along she might as well earn her keep.

"What do you want to know? It's Joe. Me, Joe and Dan used to hit the town every week looking to pull. He's a little taller than me, about seven and a half, maybe eight inches, got a runners body not matter how-"

"Woah woah woah. Seven and a... just what exactly did you guys do on the weekends?" It was petty and small of me to throw that detail in and, fuck, did it feel good to get one over her today.

"I told you," I felt my lips curling in amusement. "We went on the pull. Friday night and Saturday night unless it was exam season. We went, we pulled, we moved on."

"Oh yeah right, every Friday and Saturday you each pulled some random woman and shagged her. That's a bit full of yourself, even for you." Forget lips curling, I had a full shit-eating-grin going on now.

"I never said random. And no, we didn't all always pull a new chick both nights, every week. We had some fuck buddies and, hell, some nights the pickings were so slim I'd rather not fuck at all than fuck what was there."
