 Helen Mayweather slowly returned to consciousness once more.

It had been a month since she had originally been taken by the giant plant in the rainforest and already so much had changed.

It had felt so good when she was first pulled inside the slippery, soft and seductive vegetation, but that could well have been because of the highly potent drugs that had been slamming through her brain.

They'd made her feel... well, they'd made her feel wonderful -- all her worries had evaporated and her body was taken away by a surging tide of desire.

Her nipples had swollen and her vagina... no, her pussy -- her sweet, hot cunt -- had begged and pleaded for stimulation -- for something, anything, to slam into it over and over.

On top of all of this was a tremendous sense of euphoria and a sense that everything was right in the world. Before encountering this plant, there were worries of debt, responsibilities, finding her place in the world of science.

Once the sweet euphoria hit though, not even being trapped inside the plant could bother her.

And she was so very happy it caught her. Inside it, an army of tendrils had slid across her body, kneading her muscles in just the right places, delighting her sensitive spots and tying up her up tight and immobile.

She'd never been one for bondage, but if it felt half as arousing as this flower pod's efforts, she could see the appeal.

Once she was safely trussed up in a foetal position, knees pinned to stomach, arms pinned to sides, the main stalk that had filled her so completely with that narcotic fluid began another assault on her pussy.

And this time she bucked and thrust back with all her might -- eager to become fuller, tighter and get more of the stuff inside her.

Eventually the fucking ceased and she drifted into a blissful slumber, while the vines caressed her.

Tiny tendrils slipped inside her ears and found her brain tissue, wrapping it up gently as they studied and probed it, learning all they could from it, before making delicate incisions to any parts of it that might offer resistance -- provided they wouldn't interfere with any functions needed to keep Helen alive and healthy.

Inside her stomach, the fizzing fluid congealed and solidified as something gestated and grew, and two days later the pod opened and she awoke for the first time.

Leaves unfolded and rested at the ground around her, while Helen sat on a giant flower bud -- held upright only by the green shoots of the plant.

Her legs were resting far apart, wrapped but not restrained in vines, while her arms rested at right angles to her body, held by the tendrils.

One leaf had not joined its companions on the floor and supported her back as she reclined against it.

Soft ferns were swaying in front of her, brushing past her body gently -- almost reverently, as if they carried some great respect for her.

Her stomach was enormous -- as if she was carrying a two-foot wide beach ball -- and her tits, her tits weren't much smaller.

They had been -- and still were being -- pumped full of something.

Two stalks with rubbery flowers at the end were attached to her nipples and were performing a seductively alternating push-pull action.

Helen knew she probably ought to go, that something about this was bad, but she couldn't think quite what.

Always one to trust her instincts, she tried leaning forward to get up, but found herself quickly being eased back down by the vines before she collapsed into a blissfully relaxed state.

SUCK-SHLUP-SUCK-SHLUP-SUCK-SHLUP

The more it went on, the more irresistible the feeling, and within minutes, Helen had thrust her impressive rack forward and into the sensation.

As she leaned into her delight, a woman entered her field of vision. The stunningly beautiful blonde woman who had been there before.

"Well, hello there," she beamed.

Helen said nothing, curious as to what was going on.

"I'm glad to see you're enjoying yourself," said the woman, squatting down beside Helen.

"My name is Mirabel, and I'm here to help you. All of you."

Now Helen was just confused.

"Wh... Help? How? What?"

"Why, help humanity of course. You people are so violent, so angry. You're obsessed with such trivial follies; money, land, religion, sex. Well, can't fault you on the latter.

"I'm here to help. My sisters and I are going to stop your petty squabbles over the first three and give you more than your fair share of the last."

She winked at Helen, who simply looked back blankly in response.

"But I suppose you're still a little out of it from the Breeder plant. Can't blame you.

"That thing's filled you with spunk, cut out any resistance and right now is pumping your tits full of nutrients that will end up distributed to the rest of your body.

"Only what you need to stay alive, suppress your appetite and grow a killer bod.

"...not that you'll have much need for it..."

She leaned down to whisper in Helen's ear.

"You know, sometimes, out here, I start wondering... I start fantasising about what it would be like to be in there... Coming. Again and again..."

She reached a hand down to Helen's pussy which was dripping wet and slowly began a gentle thrusting with her two forefingers, causing her to squirm involuntarily.

"Filled with juicy Breeder sperm... Wrapped up nice and tight before being left in the open air and caressed. Over and over... Endlessly...."

Helen blinked. Endlessly?

"But that would be bad," finished Mirabel. "Very very bad."

"But then I'm a bad girl..."

She leant in and brushed her tongue past Helen's lips.

"I can resist though. The more important question is; can you?"

She rubbed a moist patch of earth beneath Helen's thighs, and at once a thick rubbery shoot emerged.

The thing was about four inches in diameter with a bright, lurid green all the way along the stalk, before culminating in a neon pink array of petals, that looked more like flesh than plantlife.

The head of the stalk pointed straight upwards and twitched, as if sniffing the air before pointing straight at Helen's crotch.

With unnatural speed, it flew straight at the warm target and clamped its petals down on her labia.

Slick juices stopped it from getting too tight and painful a hold, as it squirmed and gyrated round her lips.

With the triple assault of the two arousing pumping suctions on her breasts, and a third at her crotch, Helen squirmed in her throne, while tendrils slithered and ferns caressed.

It felt amazing, and hours passed as the sucking motion caused Helen to lose herself to endless pleasure, her body delicately played like an instrument in the grasp of the plant.

Content to just sit there, she lay back as the plant kept up the milking of her pussy and the reverse-milking of her breasts.

Mirabel returned hours later, to find the woman completely subservient to the thing, moving only to express her pleasure at the stimulation.

"Hello again, child," she purred. "You've been in there long enough, but now it's time.

"I have something to ask of you, concerning your current state."

Helen absently beamed with a lopsided smile.

"Now, it's almost time for this to end..." began Mirabel, trying to ignore the sudden disappointment on Helen's face.

"But you can go through this all again, straight away if you agree to one thing."

Helen was silent -- it was obvious she was interested.

"You're carrying the young of this plant -- which we call Sinspawn - in your belly right now, and that appendage between your thighs can help carry it out.

"But it can't do so without your permission.

"Helen, will you permit yourself to give birth to this creature, in exchange for more time with the plant?"

Helen, too swept in the pleasure to give a wordy answer, simply nodded her head vigorously.

"D-do it!"

"Very well, my dear," beamed the succubus.

She reached down and caressed the thick stalk, before rubbing Helen's crotch through the topmost petal.

This triggered what felt like a thick, wet stamen to push up inside Helen's pussy, further and further, eliciting heavy moans from its captive.

Higher it went, until it had penetrated her womb. Unseen to her, the hollow appendage dilated and engulfed the package within, before withdrawing outside again.

Looking down, Helen saw the petals on the stalk fold around a large green organic sphere, connected to her via a tube. Inside, something was shifting.

"This is going to be beautiful!" cooed Mirabel, before leaving Helen to stare in wonder.

The next few days could have been torture for Helen, who had to simply watch as the thing grew larger, no doubt fed nutrients from the cable that ran inside her. All the while her tits were deliciously milked by the plant, but that couldn't have overcome the burning emptiness she WOULD have felt at her crotch.

However, it seemed whatever nutrients that fed this pod were different to those marked for Helen, and had a marked effect as they passed through her. She grew drowsy quickly and was left in a state of comfortably heavy near-slumber as the thing grew. And grew. And grew.

It stopped growing when it reached not only the size, but also the shape, of a human being.

As the drug lulling Helen into a stupor wore off, the being inside writhed and shook, before a hand reached and tore at the sac. Eventually, it tore free and was joined by a second that worked with it to pull the bag open.

A gush of steaming fluid poured out followed by a distinctly recognisable figure.

It was Helen. Or at least, an idealised version of her.

This Helen had perfect, rounded firm tits. Large enough that she could attract the attention of even the most reserved of men, but not bloated as Helen's were.

Her thighs were thick and tight, and her crotch was smooth, hairless and glistening in the embrionic fluids.

Her wet hair was slicked back and her eyes... There was something about her eyes...

They held your attention... Helen found herself getting lost in them, until she... she...

...

...

"Your body is flawed..." said the woman.

"Huh? What?" said Helen, almost jumping in her seat as she snapped out of the reverie.

"Your body is flawed, and I am more beautiful," she stated. "I'm going to find your man. Your Stuart.

"I will entice him. He will want my body. We will fuck and it will be glorious.

"Fucking and fucking forever and ever... Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck...."

"Stop it!" screamed Helen. "I don't know what you are, but he'll never fall for this.

"You look like me, but your body's different... the scar on my back is missing...

"You won't fool anyone -- and besides... we're divorced," she said, feeling quite smug at that last victory.

"Human customs do not matter... I want his sperm... I will have his sperm... We will fuck... Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck..."

The woman repeated her mantra as she wandered off, away from Helen and the plant.

Leaves folded up around her, the cups on her breasts detached, and the ovipositor tentacle returned. Soon Helen was riding to another overpowering climax inside the cocoon of the plant, which was desperate to pump her full of more seed, and was forgetting the disturbing sight of her sexed-up clone.

***

That had been a month ago. By now, Helen had got used to the idea of the spawn trying to fuck Stuart.

After all, she didn't give a damn about him any more and as far as she was concerned, all she wanted was to stay inside the plant.

Good luck to the spawn if she wanted to try.

Since then, Helen had sired three more of the women, who had proudly announced they would be fucking someone else.

She had also since been joined by more of the pods and more human women.

All around her women were either bound to open pods, or were writhing inside closed ones.

Moans punctuated the air, and numbers had got so big that Mirabel, who had since vanished, had enlisted several Sinspawn to gain permission to sire more young from the captives.

That's what they were really. Captives. Not that anyone minded.

The forty-something woman bucking around as she was remorselessly sucked by the thick shaft at her pussy -she didn't mind.

The former senator whose mouth and tits were pressed against the edge of a closed pod, their outlines visible for all to see while she was humped and filled with addictive and narcotic sperm -- she didn't mind.

And the college girl who was squirming and giggling as a Sinspawn resembling Helen played with the prey by toying with her pussy, occasionally bending down to lick her out -- she certainly didn't mind.

All in all, none of the women present, which at this stage numbered over 5,000, seemed to mind about being pleasured night and day and giving birth to nymphomaniacal clones.

It just felt too good.

***

Stuart Patterson was tired, hungry and irritated. He'd been forced to work a staggering six hours overtime thanks to some screw-up from management, which they'd inevitably taken no responsibility for.

No doubt he wouldn't be paid for his overtime, but that wasn't what bothered him.

What bothered him was that when he'd rung that asshole Thompson at home to let him know the company's IT system was back up and running -- and secure -- the bastard bit him off for calling out of office hours.

That was just too much. 

As he slammed the door shut, still in a mild fit of rage, it was safe to say that the last thing he expected when he got in was to see his ex-wife Helen standing in the kitchen, wearing nothing but a silken dressing gown.

He was more bewildered than anything, though he had to concede that Helen looked good. She was always attractive, of course, but she must have undergone an intensive series of beauty treatments before hopping on the bus over.

"Helen? What? What the hell are you doing here? Are you okay?"

"Stu... I miss you..." his former wife sobbed.

Was it his imagination, or had she had a boob job since he last saw her?

"Dammit Helen, I thought we'd agreed that key was for emergencies," he growled. "We've been separated five years.

"I thought you'd be past this."

"You don't understand!" she cried, as she moved forward. "I was a fool! I thought only of myself! Never gave myself to you!

"If we could... try again, make it work..."

"Helen, I.. I don't blame you for our separation -- I worked far too many unreasonable hours... it was natural you wouldn't want to stay.

"But that hasn't changed -- look at the clock - and we can't get back together... It just wouldn't work."

Helen sidled up to him, reaching one arm behind his back, while the other began to slide down the front of his pants to fondle his privates.

"Okay," she conceded. "But what about one night together, no strings attached?"

Stuart wanted to say no, to get her out of the house, but there was something stopping him from doing so. A sweet, musky perfume that he hadn't picked up on before filled his nostrils.

His dick had become rock hard before Helen had even reached it, and he was finding it harder to think through the aroma.

"Helen... no..." he began. "Helen... I can't... no..."

"Sssh, Stuart," she whispered. "I don't want you to do anything you don't want to...

"But if you did want to kiss me, to embrace me, I'd like that."

"No... can't... no..." he murmured.

"Can't... say... no..."

Helen lightly brought the hand on his back to the back of his head and brought him in for a kiss. Stuart didn't resist as his lips were guided to hers.

He locked lips with Helen and at once was lost. She gently probed his mouth with her tongue, before withdrawing and offering him the chance to do the same. He took it.

As Helen broke off the kiss and released his member, which was now dribbling with precum, she stepped backwards from him and dropped her robe to the floor.

Beneath it, the large breasts he deemed implants earlier hung freely, while her glossy blonde hair that hung from her shoulders was absent from her crotch, which glistened slightly in the warm light of the kitchen. Slender arms lay at her sides, the hands resting on hips that sat above smooth, toned and juicy thighs.

Stuart was too stunned for words and when Helen beckoned him over, the pair didn't even bother to head to the bedroom before Stuart ripped off his clothes and tackled his ex-wife to the floor.

She simply squealed with delight as she pulled him close and wrapped her thighs around him, as he pumped his straining member into the comfortable confines of her pussy.

He gasped in astonishment and arousal; Helen was much tighter, and yet slicker, than when he last entered her, all those years ago.

"Yes, my love, my everything, my all... Fuck me!" Helen moaned.

Stuart was taken aback slightly at first, but a contraction round his cock soon spurred him on into carrying out Helen's request.

He pumped and pumped away at his ex-wife, who gurgled with joy and begged for more. Never in all the time he had known her, had Helen ever been this enthusiastic and thrilled by the act of copulation.

Briefly he panicked, realising he wasn't wearing protection, but he could always trust Helen, and she certainly didn't seem to be bothered. She must be on the pill, he assured himself.

Without so much as a shrug, Stuart continued thrusting, eager to reach the mindblowing climax that was promised him.

He came, and as he did so, felt a liquid gush out of Helen's pussy and round his dick, bathing it in a fizzing sensation.

Yet again, Stuart was completely confused. Helen wasn't a squirter. His confusion swiftly vanished; fizzling away to be replaced by a floaty wave of bliss, spurring his dick to spurt on and on into her pussy.

Soon after it stopped, a wave of lethargy hit him.

"You look tired," said Helen, stroking his fringe with a hand. "Come on, I'll take you to bed."

Stuart felt like he was on the verge of passing out, and the very last thing he was aware of was Helen leaning down to pick him up like an infant, before he drifted down and blacked out and the Sinspawn carried him to the bedroom in her arms.

***

Marc lay on the bed, exhausted. He had just fucked Naomi for the third time that day. The third!

This was a girl who was usually either shy about, or annoyed by, his attempts to get his end away.

But over the past week, she'd been insatiable! Several times a day, different positions, different locations.

It was like she was a changed person! Naomi wasn't the only one; his dick seemed to be getting bigger too, but he put it down to imagining things thanks to his girlfriend's relentless pursuit of pleasure.

Her breasts seemed to be growing as well, though he hoped that much wasn't his imagination.

Occasionally he would try to confront her about it, but when she sensed something was coming, she would begin peeling off her clothes and look at him with her deep blue eyes and then... by the time he picked up his trail of thought, he would be inside her again, as if he couldn't deny himself.

Then again, why should he? This was what he had wanted, after all, and it felt so... so right.

As he lay back on the bed, he felt pangs of guilt about what had happened at school several weeks ago, back in the store closet...

He'd received a first class blowjob from Naomi (which she now gave as a sexually-charged alarm clock to wake up to every morning), but after that...

The two women, who had walked in seemingly already naked, hadn't bothered to ask his name, they just blew a kiss at him and... He must have imagined it, but it was like pink smoke drifting through the air in the shape of a heart.

It had pressed into his chest and sank into his flesh as his entire body grew dull and heavy, no longer able to move.

A warmth spread throughout his body, slowing his thoughts and lulling his mind into a stupor. A hundred airy kisses blew over his skin and his cock sprung to attention while his balls seemed to boil and bubble with activity.
