 Sir Cockweasel the Goblin, recently knighted Paladin, and his new squire, the lovely Elizabeth, were on a mission of great importance to the Kingdom. The orc turncoat Foulfang had fled the human lands and it was feared he carried secrets back to his home, to the lands of the orcs. As Cockweasel had been instrumental in securing Foulfang's help in the first place, it had fallen to him to track down the renegade orc and bring him back. Dead or alive.

Cockweasel and Elizabeth had been riding all day, sharing a single horse. When it finally stared to get dark, Cockweasel called for them to halt and they both clambered down thankfully from the saddle.

"Take care of the horse," Cockweasel instructed his buxom young squire as he collapsed down under a nearby tree. After a full day of riding the little goblin's inner thighs were rubbed raw and he could barely walk. "Then try and get a fire going."

From Cockweasel's bow legged stagger Elizbeth could clearly see he was in pain and she gave him a sympathetic smile as set off about her duties.

As Elizabeth led the horse down to a nearby stream, Cockweasel peeled down his trousers to inspect the damage from his day in the saddle.

Before he could have a good look Elizabeth had returned to the campsite. "Are you..." Elizabeth began to speak, but then beautiful squire's eyes went wide when she saw that the goblin was naked from the waist down, "Oh my!" she gasped, averting her eyes and backing away.

Cockweasel recovered from his surprise and grabbed his trousers, quickly covering himself by holding them over his lap.

"I...I'm sorry," stammered Elizabeth, taking a step backwards. "I'll go."

"No!" Cockweasel blurted out. "It's okay, I'm covered, stay."

The buxom brunette hesitated a moment and then stepped forward again, the relief on her face evident as she saw that he held his trousers over his lap.

"Sorry," she apologised again. "I just...sorry, I should probably go back and check on the horse."

"No, it's fine, really," Cockweasel assured her. "What is it? You wanted to speak with me?"

"No, well I..." Elizabeth bit her lower lip, hesitating again. "I just saw that you were in pain, and I...I came to check up on you, see if I could help."

"Pain? Oh right, my legs. From the ride."

"Yes, is there anything I can do to help. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you before." Her gaze dropped almost unconsciously to his now covered lap.

"Um, I don't know..." 

Elizabeth bit her lip again, "Well, what's causing the pain, your legs you said?"

"Yes, the inside of my thighs," Cockweasel explained. "I'm not used to the rubbing against the saddle. Here, take a look." He threw aside his trousers once again, revealing his skinny green legs. The inside of his thighs was dark and raw looking, but Elizabeth's gaze went first to the flaccid organ at the juncture of Cockweasel's thighs.

The busty squire turned her head and averted her eyes. "I probably should just leave you to it," she said, keeping her stare away from the goblin's nakedness. 

"It's okay," Cockweasel assured her. "You're just helping me out here right? With the pain?"

Elizabeth nodded mutely, her eyes returning to his penis, she was definitely fascinated by it. She crouched down in front of the sitting goblin to take a better look at his injuries.

She reached out tentatively, her hand shaking slightly as she ran her soft fingertips down the inside of Cockweasel's thighs. He gasped in pain as her touch reached the red chafing on the insider of his crotch.

"Ow, shit that stings!" gasped Cockweasel, and Elizabeth's hand immediately shot back.

"I'm sorry!" she quickly apologized.

"No, it's okay," Cockweasel assured her. "I'm just a little tender as you can see. Not used to this riding business."

Elizabeth reached into her belt and pulled out a small white handkerchief that was tucked there. She wadded up one corner and brought it to her mouth, sucking on the end to wet it with her saliva.

Resting one hand on the goblin's knee she reached down between his legs again and very gently dabbed the damp handkerchief against his wounds. Cockweasel gritted his teeth and sucked in a sharp lungful of air as she attended to the wound, the back of her hand accidentally brushing his limp penis once or twice and causing a gasp of a different kind from the goblin.

"Stop," Cockweasel said after just a few seconds. "The cloth is too coarse I think," he told her. "It's scraping me."

Elizabeth frowned and sat back, biting her lower lip in thought.

"Perhaps if you use your fingertips again," he suggested after a moment. "They were less rough."

The buxom squire didn't think twice. She immediately licked her fingertips, wetting them with her saliva.

"I'll be as gentle as I can," she assured him, reaching down once again and tentatively touching the sore scrapes that covered Cockweasel's inner thighs. He gasped at her touch and she looked up into his face, but he nodded for her to continue.

The lovely brunette began to rub her fingers over Cockweasel's inner thighs, every so often licking them again to keep them wet. She moved over both thighs and brushed his now slightly thickened cock a number of times.

"No more," the goblin shook his head after about three minutes of her attentions. "It's definitely helping," he said. "The saliva is making the pain ease off, but your fingers are just hurting it too much."

"I'm sorry, I just don't know what else to try," the lovely young squire apologized. 

"It is helping," he assured her. He then paused a moment to see if she had any further suggestions. "Umm," he announced at last. "This might be a bit awkward, but I can think of a better way if you were willing..."

"What?" Elizabeth asked eagerly. "I'm happy to do anything that I can to help you out, you must be in incredible pain."

"Well, the saliva is definitely helping," Cockweasel said. "Perhaps if you applied it directly..."

"Directly?" Elizabeth repeated with a confused frown. "I'm not sure I understand."

"If you were to lick the sore area..." Cockweasel hesitantly suggested.

"Oh," the voluptuous squire blushed a little, her gaze drifting to the goblin's cock and balls that hung between his legs.

"I'm sorry," Cockweasel said quickly. "It's probably too hard, forget I suggested it."

"No," Elizabeth held up her hand. "Like I said I will do anything that I can to relieve your pain. I'll lick, um... down there."

"Thank you," whispered Cockweasel in reply, opening his legs wider to give the beautiful young women better access.

Elizabeth hesitated a moment, taking a deep breath. She tucked a lock of her brown hair behind her ear and then got up on her knees. Elizabeth leant forwards, bending over Cockweasel's lap. He bit his lower lip as he felt the wet tip of her tongue lightly brush his inner thigh, about midway between his knee and crotch. 

The lovely brunette slid her tongue gently along Cockweasel's thigh, moving downwards towards his naked crotch. He murmured softly as he felt her nose brush his leg as she paused to lick a few times at a particularly inflamed portion of his thigh. This was great.

Elizabeth licked downwards until she was about four inches from his groin and then she sat back, swallowing and re-wetting her tongue with saliva.

"Is it okay?" she asked him cautiously.

"It's great." 

The lovely brunette nodded and bent back to her task, her soft tongue making it's way down Cockweasel's other leg. She couldn't put off the inevitable though, and this time licked her way past the four inch mark, her tongue working downwards towards his crotch. Cockweasel gasped, sharply sucking in a lungful of air as he felt her soft creek brush against his penis.

Elizabeth jerked her head back in surprise, sitting up and touching her cheek with her fingertips, feeling where his penis had touched her face.

"I'm sorry!" she hurriedly apologised.

"No, it's okay, really it is," he assured her quickly. "It's the sorest area right down there so I really need you to lick there."

"I'll try and be careful," Elizabeth said with a nod.

Cockweasel grinned, reaching out and gently stroking her cheek with the back of his fingertips, "Your face is very soft, it's okay if you bump me."

"I'll be careful," she repeated, glancing down uneasily at the goblin's green skinned penis. Elizabeth licked her lips and then ducked back down into Cockweasel's lap, resuming her licking of his wounds.

Once again she began at mid-thigh, but this time very quickly worked her way southwards. Cockweasel closed his eyes blissfully as the busty brunette licked gently at the very base of his thigh, lapping at the tender flesh near the side of his balls and penis, her soft cheek brushing against him as she worked.

"That's nice," murmured Cockweasel, lightly patting the top of his squire's head.

Elizabeth drew back a little, gingerly reaching out towards Cockweasel's crotch. He gasped slightly as she carefully took hold of his penis, pushing it to the right so that she could lean down and lick his left inner thigh, her nose bumping into his hip as she moved her mouth to it's new location.

"My balls are very sore too," Cockweasel said, deciding to move things along a little. "It would help if you could lick them too." He could hardly believe he was sitting there with no pants on, asking this beautiful young human to lick his nutsack.

"Okay," Elizabeth said with a firm nod. She took hold of his cock once again, pinching the foreskin between her thumb and forefinger as she lifted it up, exposing his balls for her tongue and mouth. Holding his cock against his stomach, Elizabeth started licking Cockweasel's balls, rolling them around on her tongue as she lapped at the fleshy sack.

Cockweasel's breathing got a little faster and his cock thickened slightly as her tongue briefly swept over the very base of his penis, before return to lick his testicles once again. She bent lower, shifting her grip on his dick so that she now held it in her soft palm rather than with her fingertips. Cockweasel gave a moan as her tongue worked its way lower, licking the underside of his nuts and brushing the skin between his ass and balls.

After a few more moments of licking, she sat back, pulling a couple of stray pubic hairs from her mouth.

"How's that?" she asked him.

"It's great," said Cockweasel. "My balls especially."

"It felt good?" Elizabeth asked.

As if it wouldn't, the goblin thought silently to himself. "Great. It's just a pity it wasn't even wetter, it might be the...um...hair there I guess."

Elizabeth frowned, unconsciously filling her mouth with saliva at his comment.

"Perhaps you could try sucking them in your mouth," Cockweasel suggested. "My balls I mean. It might...um...help. If you don't mind."

"Of course," Elizabeth agreed, taking hold of Cockweasel's cock once again and lifting it out of the way as she bent back down.

Cockweasel grinned widely as she gave his balls another quick lick, her nose bumping the base of his now semi-erect penis. He gave a loud groan as Elizabeth sucked one of his balls into her mouth, filling her mouth with saliva and sucking on him.

"Oh shit yeah!" grunted Cockweasel as she rolled his testicle around in her mouth with her tongue, making sure it was as wet as possible. The lovely squire let his ball drop from between her lips and moved to his other, sucking it into her mouth. Cockweasel gave another moan of appreciation as she sucked his nuts, his cock now stiffening and filling Elizabeth's soft hand.

She worked back and forth between his balls for a few minutes, the whole time gripping his cock in her soft hand, seemingly unaware that it was now fully erect. Only when she stopped her work on his testicles and sat back, did she notice her hand still wrapped around his thick organ.

"Oh my!" she gasped, snatching her hand back, her eyes going wide at the sight of his erection.

"Sorry," Cockweasel quickly apologised. "I can't help it, as you can imagine, but it is helping me, I promise."

"It's so dark," Sirona murmured as she wonderingly stared at Cockweasel's erection, his balls glistening wet beneath. "Did it rub on the saddle as well?"

Cockweasel almost choked at that, this was almost too good to be true. "Um...yes," he managed to get out at last.

"I'll lick it too," Elizabeth said, and before Cockweasel could reply the lovely brunette had bent her head back down into his lap again.

He groaned as her soft tongue came out again, lapping at the base of his fully erect penis. Cockweasel closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensations as Elizabeth ran her tongue down the length of his penis, licked his rock hard erection. She gave his balls another quick swipe of her tongue and then licked her way right up the underside of his cock, swirling her tongue briefly around the head of his penis and causing the goblin to groan noisily.

"Too dry again?" she asked, looking up from his genitals at the sound of his groan.

"Huh?" murmured Cockweasel, slightly befuddled from her attentions.

"I'll suck it like I did your balls," Elizabeth suggested.

"Oh fuck!" groaned Cockweasel in surprise as Elizabeth took his hard cock in her wet mouth, slurping noisily. This was better than he could have hoped, he had thought she would work out his game before he was able to trick her into sucking his cock, but now she was practically insisting on blowing him.

The campsite was filled with Elizabeth's slurping noises as she tried to give him the wettest blowjob he'd ever had. He could feel her tongue swirling around the head of his cock as she took him a little deeper. Cockweasel stroked her brown hair as she sucked him, his breathing becoming heavier and his cock throbbing against her wet tongue.

"Take it deeper," Cockweasel told her. "The lower part is hurting too."

Elizabeth murmured something in reply, his dick in her mouth muffling whatever she said, but apparently she was agreeing to his request as the next moment she started to slide her mouth further down his cock.

"Ahh, that's it!" sighed Cockweasel, her mouth about half way down his hard erection, her lips stretched around his cock.

Elizabeth breathed heavily through her nose and pushed down further on his cock, taking about three quarters of his length as the head of him pushed against the back of her mouth. Cockweasel gave a moan and pushed down on the top of her head, pushing the head of his cock into her throat. Elizabeth gagged and pulled back off his dick, gasping for air and coughing. She didn't quite have the talents of Lady Gwendallyn yet.

"Sorry," she apologized, "I think you're too big for me."

"Try again," Cockweasel told her. "It's helping, it feels a lot better. Your mouth is so soft."

The pretty young squire nodded and resumed her blowjob, Cockweasel moaning in pleasure as she sunk her lips back onto his shaft, immediately taking him deeply, right into the back of her mouth. She bobbed her head a couple of times, taking him just into her throat and then backing off again. The sensations on his cock were amazing.

The next time she was able to relax more and took Cockweasel's hard erection right into her throat. The goblin let out a long, low moan as Elizabeth took his whole length, her lips wrapped around the base of his stiff cock and her nose pressing into his stomach.

"Fuck!" he blurted out, the sight of her setting him off. He clutched her head tight against his stomach, arching his back as he exploded. Elizabeth's eyes went wide as his load blasted out of his cock, shooting down her throat as she swallowed desperately in shock.

"Oh God!" grunted Cockweasel, his hips undulating as he filled the lovely girl's gullet with his seed. His last wave pulsed from his dick and he released Elizabeth's head, the squire pulling back off his cock and gasping for air as Cockweasel fell back, breathing heavily.

"That was amazing!" gasped Cockweasel.

Elizabeth coughed and caught her breath, her eyes wide. "I should check on the horse!" she blurted out, her face flushed. Before Cockweasel could stop her, she stood up and hurried away, back down to the stream where the horse was drinking. He briefly considered chasing after her, but thought better of it.

Cockweasel grinned, pleased with his progress. This paladin and squire business wasn't too bad at all.

***

Cockweasel stirred in his sleep, his eyelids flickering.

He was dreaming. No, it was a nightmare. Valeria was back. 

In his mind, he was back in her tower, in her laboratory. The evil sorceress had her old servant tied to a large stone table and she stood above him, her pale hands moving in mysterious, ominous circles above his prone body.

"I have waited a long time for my revenge Cockweasel," Valeria said, her voice sounding dangerous.

Cockweasel thrashed against his bonds, trying to break loose. Back at the camp he thrashed in his sleep.

"No," murmured Cockweasel as he felt pain fill his body. Flames shot from Valeria's outstretched hands, scorching his bare, green chest. He screamed. "It's just a nightmare, not real."

"The pain is real, I assure you," rumbled Valeria angrily. Another blast of blistering flame shot from her palms, torturing the poor goblin's frail body.

Cockweasel squeezed his eyes shut. "I just need to wake up," he told himself.

The flames struck again, roasting Cockweasel's flesh. He shrieked in agony.

"You cannot awaken," laughed Valeria. "My magic is too strong. Tonight I will punish you. This is my revenge. This is your nightmare!"

Cockweasel screeched as the flames struck yet again. "My nightmare," he repeated blurrily. The pain was immense.

Valeria laughed sadistically as she struck again, torturing her traitorous former servant.

"My nightmare," mumbled Cockweasel, laughing hysterically at the pain that filled his small body.

Valeria rose he hands to launch another flame blast at the prone goblin.

"No!" snapped Cockweasel forcefully.

Valeria froze.

"This is my nightmare!" shouted Cockweasel. "You are in my dreams!"

Valeria grimaced with the effort, a low growl of exertion leaving her mouth as she tried to blast the goblin again.

"This is my dream," Cockweasel repeated.

"No!" gasped Valeria, trying to wrest control back from the wilful goblin.

"My dreams are not like this," said Cockweasel.

Valeria's eyes went wide as she suddenly watched her hands drop down towards the tied up goblin. Instead of blasting him with flame again, she watched in alarm as her hands tugged down the little goblin's trousers exposing his green skinned penis. 

"What are you doing?" she blurted in horror as her hands gently began to caress the goblin's genitals. She was losing control. Cockweasel was controlling his dreams.

"That's more like it baby," moaned Cockweasel with a big grin. The burnt flesh on his chest had completely disappeared.

"What's happening?" demanded Valeria. The evil sorceress bent forward, her warm mouth sliding down over the erect shaft of Cockweasel's penis. The horny goblin moaned happily as she began to fellate him, sucking tenderly on his hard cock.

"Cockweasel doesn't have nightmares," the horny goblin explained to her. His hands were suddenly free of his bonds and they were on the top of her head, guiding her sucks. "I always have wet dreams bitch!"

Valeria's eyes widened in horror as the goblin started to thrust his hips up off the stone table, shoving his cock hard into her unwilling mouth. This was not the way her revenge was supposed to be going, she had not anticipated the goblin's willpower would be stronger than the spells Zeldin had shown her.

"Mmm!" moaned Cockweasel in appreciation as he pumped his erection between Valeria's full lips. "You suck cock in my dreams even better than you do in real life."

Cockweasel had a good grip on Valeria's jet black hair and his hips where pumping at high speed as he slammed his cock repeatedly into his former slave mistresses pretty mouth. Valeria tried to fight back and regain control of the dream, but the horny goblin's lusty mind was even stronger.
