 "I knight thee, Sir Cockweasel. Paladin of the Temple of Swords," declared Lord Knight Jontar, leader of the Paladins. He touched the flat side of his longsword to each shoulder of the small goblin kneeling in front of him.

Cockweasel, for once in his life wasn't covered in grime. He was freshly bathed and scrubbed, actually feeling rather uncomfortable in his extreme cleanliness. He was dressed in a pale grey tunic and trousers with a pure white surcoat draped over his shoulders.

"Arise Sir Cockweasel."

The small goblin wasn't a lot taller standing up. Barely over four feet in height, the green skinned little monster was probably the most unusual paladin Lord Jontar had ever knighted. 

The day the Council of Paladins had decided on Cockweasel's knighthood had been one of the longest and most heated debates in the Council's history. In the end, the testimony of the Orc turncoat Foulfang, who's aid had saved the Kingdom from the invading orcish armies, had swayed the decision in Cockweasel's favour. According to the orc it was Cockweasel himself who had convinced Foulfang to defect and help the human armies. For Cockweasel's bravery and resourcefulness the Council had decided to promote the unusual squire to the rank of Paladin.

The knighthood ceremony was followed by a session of prayer led by the Lord Knight himself and finally, Sir Cockweasel was presented with his new sword – a finely crafted shortsword with a gold hilt inset with a ruby the size of Cockweasel's bulbous nose. Throughout the entire ceremony, the little goblin wore a grin from ear to ear. He was clearly proud of his accomplishment.

First to congratulate the newly knighted paladin that evening was his best friend, Lady Gwendallyn.

"Well done Sir Cockweasel," the beautiful blonde paladin said as she entered his room. The buxom knight had to hold back her own bitterness as she wasn't too pleased about her horny little squire taking all the credit for bringing Foulfang back from the orcs. After all, it was her, not Cockweasel, who'd spent most of the trip back from the orc lair with Foulfang's cock stuffed in one of her orifices. Truth be told, she was still walking a little funny after that mission.

"Thank you Lady Gwendallyn," replied Cockweasel with a gap toothed grin. "It was a pleasure being your squire."

"This is for you, a gift to mark your promotion," Gwendallyn opened the sack she'd been carrying and handed Cockweasel a jerkin made of supple leather. 

"Thanks I guess," replied Cockweasel somewhat dubiously as he accepted the armoured jacket. Dyed on the front of the jerkin was the symbol of Adeva.

"You spend so much time worshipping at Adeva's temple I assumed the Goddess of Love would be your chosen patron," explained the gorgeous blonde.

Cockweasel nodded remembering how talented at giving head the lovely priestess Johanna was. "Thanks Gwendallyn. I was kind of hoping that you might give me a blowjob as congratulations, but this is nice too."

Gwendallyn rolled her eyes, ignoring his comment. She was actually kind of relieved that he would no longer be her squire. "So you choose your squire tomorrow, that should be exciting," she said. "I hear there are three strong candidates for you to choose between." 

"I don't suppose I could have a blowjob as well as the armour?" he asked her, scratching his crotch through the uncomfortable trousers he was wearing. He was much more used to a loincloth rather than these restrictive human clothes.

Gwendallyn grimaced. "Just take the leather armour Cockweasel."

***

The next take Sir Cockweasel, brand new Paladin of the Temple of Swords stood in front of the three young Squire hopefuls, ready to select his new apprentice.

The first of the potential squire's was a tall mountain of a man. He was barrel chested and his massive shoulder muscles made it look like he had no neck. The massive young man had a thick bushy beard and the biggest hands that Cockweasel had ever seen. Cockweasel imagined he would be quite handy in a fight and would probably make an excellent knight.

The second hopeful was considerably smaller, although had still proved quite skilled in combat during their trials. What had struck Cockweasel most about the second contender was his quick wit and clever mind. No doubt the young hopeful would be able to come up with plans even more cunning than Cockweasel's own.

The third applicant lacked the first's strength or the second's brains. Instead, the third hopeful squire's best asset was a pair of world class tits. As soon as Cockweasel laid eyes on those twin peaks of gorgeous, youthful flesh he knew he had his squire. The fact that she was incredibly beautiful, with long shining brown hair, long sleek legs, a trim athletic figure and a deliciously round ass was just icing on the cake.

"I've considered the many valuable assets that each of you possess," said Cockweasel as he addressed the three young trainee squires. "But unfortunately I can only select one of you to be my squire."

The diminutive goblin paced back and forth in front of the three young hopefuls, his hands behind his back and his new, shiny sword belted around his waist. "After careful consideration, my new squire will be," he paused for dramatic effect. "Elizabeth."

The gorgeous, busty brunette beamed in surprise at his announcement, while the two young men both scowled in disappointment. The selection of the beautiful, but rather useless, female over the young men added insult to injury.

"Thank you Sir Codweasel," said Elizabeth, impulsively stepping forward to hug the little goblin.

"Cockweasel," he corrected in surprise, enjoying the feel of his new squire's ample bosom pressed up against him. This paladin business was going to be sweet. Unable to help himself he let one hand drift down Elizabeth's back and gently stroke over the smooth sphere of her right buttock.

When Elizabeth released him he turned to the two squires he'd turned down. "Sorry lads. Better luck next time. Elizabeth. Come with me. We'll begin your training straight away."

"Yes Sir Coffweasel," replied the lovely brunette. She seemed unable to say the word 'cock' from what Cockweasel could tell.

As the two disappointed young men left the temple, Cockweasel led his new Squire back to his chambers where he explained her duties.

"Now, before we get properly started, I need to check something out," Cockweasel told his new squire. "Can you please sit down on this chair here."

Elizabeth did as she was told, taking a seat on the wooden chair which put her at about eye level with the diminutive goblin.

Cockweasel stood in front of her for a moment, stroking his jaw and briefly considering how best to proceed. Although he was eye level with Elizabeth, his gaze was actually focussed on her impressive bosom, which was swelling out against the material of her tight fitting tunic. The lacings that held the front of the tunic were straining against the mass of Elizabeth's substantial bust, revealing a significant portion of her deep cleavage.

"One of the most important attributes I want in a squire is courage and heart," Cockweasel told her. "Do you have heart Elizabeth?"

"I do Sir Coldweasel," she replied earnestly.

"Good, let me see then," he said, reaching out with one green skinned hand and placing it gently on her left breast.

Elizabeth stiffened slightly at his touch, but she didn't protest or push him away. Cockweasel's eyes were wide as he gave his beautiful young squire's breast a slight squeeze, the size and firmness of her large tit filling his hand. She had magnificent jugs, even bigger than Lady Gwendallyn's impressive assets.

"I can indeed feel you have a big heart," murmured Cockweasel as he gave Elizabeth's tit another squeeze. He could feel the slight jut of her hard nipple through the rough material of her tunic top. "I also need to see you have heart," he added, reaching for the lacing of her tunic.

Elizabeth bit her lower lip as Cockweasel tugged on the lace, untying the bow that held the front of her top together. The weight of her breasts pushed the tunic open further as Cockweasel loosened it, more and more of her deliciously plump breasts spilling into view. She was only a fraction away from nipple exposure and the horny goblin paladin couldn't wait to feast his eyes on her bare boobs.

Suddenly they were interrupted by a knock on the door.

"Fuck!" swore Cockweasel in frustration as he stepped back from Elizabeth's chair.

As he turned to answer the door, Elizabeth retied the front of her tunic.

"What is it?" snapped Cockweasel irritably to the young page at door.

"Lord Knight Jontar has sent for you Sir Cockweasel," replied the young page nervously. "An urgent matter has come up."

Cockweasel sighed in disappointment. He'd been seconds away from getting an eyeful of Elizabeth's huge tits. "Fine," he turned back to his squire. "We'll get back to this later Elizabeth. Go polish my sword or something."

Cockweasel stalked angrily across the main courtyard of the temple, following the young page to the offices of the Lord Knight. Whatever Jontar wanted, it had better be important, Cockweasel thought bitterly to himself.

When they arrived Lord Jontar was waiting anxiously behind this large oak desk, a look of concern on his face.

"What's up?" asked Cockweasel casually, the goblin was never one for formality.

"An urgent matter has arisen, Sir Cockweasel," replied the Lord Knight. "The Paladins require you to get out immediately on a mission of great importance."

Cockweasel frowned, "Immediately?"

"Yes. We have just discovered that the orc Kum Foulfang has fled. We suspect he may be intending to return to his people."

"Foulfang? Going back to the orcs? That doesn't sound right," remarked Cockweasel, genuinely surprised.

"Our fear is that he is once again defecting. And that this time it is our secrets he is selling," explained Lord Jontar.

"So I need to go fetch him back?" asked Cockweasel.

"Yes," agreed Lord Jontar. "It was you who convinced him to defect to us originally so clearly you are the best knight for the mission."

"I see. Has Gwendallyn been briefed as well?" asked Cockweasel. Now that the idea of retrieving Foulfang had come up, Cockweasel quite fancied another shot at a threesome with the beautiful paladin, it had been quite some time since he'd had her lovely lips wrapped around his shaft.

"Lady Gwendallyn won't be accompanying you," explained Jontar. "You are a knight in your own right now Sir Cockweasel."

"What?" blurted Cockweasel in surprise. He hadn't been counting on that.

"Remember, this mission is of the utmost importance. The fate of the Kingdom could rest in your hands Sir Cockweasel," said Lord Jontar gravely. "But I have every faith in your abilities. You have proved your worth many times."

Cockweasel swallowed. "Ah, thanks I guess."

"I expect you'll want to set out straight away. Every hour Foulfang get's closer to the orcs. He must not be allowed to reach the orcs. No matter what it takes!"

***

They set out just after sunrise the next morning. Cockweasel instructed his squire Elizabeth to bring only one horse which they shared. Elizabeth sat in front, holding the reins and guiding the horse as Cockweasel nestled in behind her, his arms around her slim waist and sitting right against her so that his crotch sat snugly against her lovely posterior.

As soon as they departed through the city gates, heading towards the lands of the orcs, Cockweasel's hands began to stray.

At first Elizabeth didn't notice. Cockweasel's right hand slipped up from around her waist and lightly cupped her full breast through the material of her tunic, the ample orb filling his green hand. When she felt a slight squeeze she glanced down and was surprised to see his hand cradling her breast. Without a word she reached up and pried Cockweasel's reluctant fingers from her tit, guiding his hand back down to her waist.

Cockweasel gave a small sigh and shuffled closer, pressing his crotch ever harder in against Elizabeth's ass, the slight bulge of his dick nestling between the firm gloves of Elizabeth's pert young buttocks.

They travelled another mile or so without any further comment, and once again Cockweasel's hand strayed up to touch Elizabeth's large breasts. She left it there for a moment, until once again he gave the large melon a firm squeeze.

"Copweasel!?" exclaimed Elizabeth in dismay as he looked down to see Cockweasel's green fingers squeezing her enormous right boob.

The horny little goblin paused, his fingers sunk into the firm flesh of Elizabeth's breast. "Sorry," he apologized, releasing the huge melon. "I thought I was slipped off the horse."

Elizabeth shook her head and sighed as Cockweasel's hand returned to her waist and they rode on in silence. Elizabeth could clearly feel Cockweasel's cock pressing insistently against her ass.

This time the wait was shorter. After a couple of minutes Cockweasel's right hand stole up to cop a feel of his buxom squire. This however, she was ready for him. Before the goblin's hand got within an inch of Elizabeth's mountainous breast, her hand shot up and caught Cockweasel's fingers. The lovely squire gave a twist, bending the goblin knight's fingers down at an awkward, and painful, angle.

Cockweasel gave a startled yelp of pain. "Ah! What are you doing you bitch!" he squealed in distress.

"Keep your hands to yourself Sir Cotweasel," snapped Elizabeth, a definite note of anger in her tone.

Cockweasel harrumphed and dropped his sore hand back to Elizabeth's shapely waist. This time, as they rode on, his hands stayed well clear of Elizabeth's chest, and he contented himself with only grinding his crotch against her bottom, no more groping. They rode in silence.

***

Far away, on the other side of the Kingdom, an old enemy of our heroic paladin had returned.

Valeria the Black, Master Sorceress and Cockweasel's former mistress was not as dead as Cockweasel had been led to believe. 

The raven haired sorceress strode purposefully across the shadowed courtyard towards the tall, imposing tower. She was dressed, as always, in jet black. A long, flowing gown with flared sleeves and a flared hem. The dress had a plunging neckline, that displayed a considerable portion of her pale, mountainous breasts and deep cleavage, and it was slit up one side, so that with each long stride, her long, creamy thigh came into view.

The dangerously sexy enchantress paused at the door of the massive tower and took a deep breath as if summoning her courage. The breath caused her already impossibly big breasts to swell out even further, threatening to pop free from the low cut top of her black dress.

"Zeldin!" she called out loudly. "I have returned."

There was a moment's pause and then the door of the dark tower swung open.

Valeria hesitated yet again and then reluctantly entered the foreboding tower. She strode slowly up an impossibly long flight of stone stairs, travelling to the very top of the massive structure. The door at the top was black, carved with strange symbols that were inlaid with silver.

The sorceress pushed open the strange looking door and stepped into the laboratory of her old master, Zeldin the Warlock.

Zeldin was waiting for her. He was an ancient, wizened old man with a long, snowy white beard and a deeply wrinkled face. He was dressed in a royal blue robe that was flecked with gold designs. Zeldin looked every inch the kindly old wizard from fairy tales. Other than the lecherous leer that covered his face when he laid eyes on his visitor.

"Valeria," murmured the old magician as he licked his lips and gazed at the lovely curved body of his former apprentice. "It is very good to see you again. The years have been kind." 

Valeria swallowed, slightly uncomfortable under the leering gaze of the old man. It was almost as if he was undressing her with his eyes. And from Valeria's previous experience with her past master, she guessed that he would soon be using more than just his eyes.

"I need your help Zeldin," said Valeria. "My powers have been greatly weakened in recent times."

Zeldin smiled at that and stepped closer to the lovely dark haired sorceress. "What is it you need my dear?"

Valeria tensed slightly as Zeldin moved around behind her. He stepped close, one wrinkled hand reaching around her to hold her gently by the throat from behind, at the same time he leant forward, breathing in her scent. She could feel his ancient breath on her soft neck. "I need revenge," she announced.

Zeldin's other hand reached up to touch the bare flesh above the plunging neckline of her black gown, his palm pressing against her exposed cleavage. "Revenge," he said, repeating her request. "A worthy intention."

Zeldin's fingers slid inside the neckline of Valeria's dress, his hand pushed it's way down her cleavage until he was grasping her bare right breast in his hand. Valeria's skin was crawling as the old wizard eagerly squeezed. "Who do you seek retribution from?" the elderly wizard asked her as he kneaded the ample sphere in his old hand. His fingers pinched her hardened nipple causing her to gasp out loud.

"Cockweasel. The goblin," Valeria sucked in a sharp hiss of breath as Zeldin roughly squeezed her bare breast again. His other hand stroked the underside of her chin and soft skin along the line of her jaw. "My old servant."

"I will aid you," said Zeldin, his fondling hand still stuffed down the front of Valeria's dress. "But I will take my payment now."

Zeldin turned Valeria's face towards his and he hungrily pressed his mouth against hers, his bushy white beard scratching against her face as Zeldin's old tongue forced it's way into her mouth. The old man moaned into Valeria's mouth as he eagerly kissed her.

"Jirak!" Zeldin murmured as they broke of their kiss. As he spoked Valeria's dress abruptly fell to the floor, compelled by the magic word he spoke.

"You are as beautiful as I remember," said Zeldin as he admired Valeria's flawless nakeness. Still standing behind her he slid his hands over the front of her body, cupping and squeezing her generous breasts, stroking across her toned, flat stomach, tracing the sensual curve of her hips, the taut firmness of her thighs and finally running his fingers through the dark thatch of Valeria's pubic hair.

Zeldin murmured another arcane word and his own blue robe fell away, revealing the impressively rigid jut of his hard cock, aimed towards the round sphere's of Valeria's buttocks. His old, withered body seemed strangely at odds with his powerfully stiff erection.

A third muttered command and a large, four poster bed popped to existence, right next to the naked couple.

Zeldin moved onto the bed, lying on his back. Valeria followed him, immediately straddling Zeldin's middle and reaching between her legs to grasp his stiff penis in her soft hand.

"Wait," ordered the old wizard. "Use your mouth first."

"Very well," submitted Valeria. The raven haired sorceress shuffled down the bed to kneel between Zeldin's skinny legs. She gave the old man's ancient cock a couple of brief strokes in her hand and then leant forward, slipping her warm lips down over the head of his cock.

"Perfect!" murmured Zeldin in appreciation as Valeria's lovely mouth slid down his cock. He reached down and grabbed the top of Valeria's head in both hands, guiding the movements of her lips on his erect shaft.

With Zeldin's hands pushing forcefully down on the top of Valeria's head, her lips worked their way down his shaft, until his entire cock was buried inside her mouth. Zeldin moaned as he held Valeria's head in place, her lips stretched around the very base of his shaft and her nose pressed into his grey pubic hair.

Valeria's nostrils flared as she did her best to breath through her nose, her mouth stuffed full of hard cock.
