 Kum Foulfang the orc, trudged slowly along the path, kicking the odd lose stone or twig that he spotted on the track. He was still somewhat unsure about his decision as he reluctantly hiked away from the human lands and back towards his home with the orcs. He was also rather nervous about how he'd be received when he got back, he was, after all, a traitor.

Suddenly the orc tensed as he heard a noise from behind him on the trail. The sound of hooves. 

The chubby orc dived into a nearby bush, hoping that whoever was behind him wouldn't spot his hiding place.

Foulfang peered through the branches of the bush, looking back in the direction the horse was coming from. 

Less than a minute later a horse emerged from amongst the trees. The rider was in fact a young human woman, and an attractive one at that. She had long brown hair that seemed to shine in the midday sun, and her curvaceous figure was barely concealed by the tight fitting tunic and breeches she wore.

Foulfang squinted his eyes in surprise as he stared at the beautiful human. Strangest of all was that a pair of green skinned hands appeared to be attached to her chest. As Foulfang peered out from his hiding place, the hands seemed to be squeezing and kneading the buxom young girls ample breasts through her tunic.

The orc gaped as he watched the woman slowly ride past the bush he was hidden in. As her horse came parallel with his hiding spot he saw that the hands in fact belonged to a small, green skinned humanoid. A goblin.

"Cockweasel!?" blurted Foulfang aloud.

"Wh..." the goblin reflexively released Elizabeth's tits as he turned to see the orc stand up from his hiding place in the bush. "Foulfang!"

"What are you doing her Cockweasel?" asked Foulfang in surprise. The goblin had been the last person he'd expected to see come riding along the trail. And the woman with him was not Lady Gwendallyn, but another, slightly younger human female.

"Looking for you, you big oaf!" said Cockweasel, clearly happy to see the orc.

Elizabeth reined their horse to a halt as Cockweasel jumped down off the back of the steed. "Just what the hell are you doing running off like this, you dumb orc?"

Foulfang frowned, glancing briefly at Elizabeth with uncertainty. "I've had enough of those damn humans," he explained. "They treat me like some sort of freak. I don't know why I agreed to help them in the first place"

"Well, we're here to bring you back," announced Cockweasel, sounding rather pleased with himself.

"Well I'm not going!" snapped back Foulfang.

Cockweasel considered for a moment and then turned to Elizabeth. "I need to have a private word with my old friend here. Why don't you head back to that clearing we passed a few minutes ago and start setting up a campsite."

Elizabeth nodded wordlessly and went back the way they'd come, leading their horse along by the reins.

Foulfang waited until she was out of sight before speaking. "Who's the big titted bitch?"

"She's my new squire. Elizabeth."

The orc licked his lips. "Very nice," he said in admiration.

"What's this all about then Foulfang?" asked Cockweasel. "Why are you leaving the sweet life with the humans to go back to the orcs. They'll probably kill you when you get home."

Foulfang grimaced at that comment. "I'm hoping that I have enough secrets about the humans to tell to make myself valuable. And human life isn't as great as you make it out to be."

Cockweasel frowned, considered the blessed life he'd had amongst the paladin's himself. "What do you mean?"

"Well when I first agreed to come back with you I figured I'd have sex on tap. That fat chested blonde knight was a great fuck, but as soon as we hit town she froze up on me and refused to even suck me off or anything."

Cockweasel nodded. "I know what you mean."

"It's false advertising!" complained the orc.

Cockweasel thoughtfully scratched his crotch. "Listen. It's not quite as frigid as you make it out to be Foulfang," he explained. "You've just gotta be a little clever on how you go about things. When you get back, you tell the paladin's that you're a devotee of Adeva, the goddess of love."

"Adeva?" repeated Foulfang doubtfully. "How will that help."

"They'll then send you a hot priestess with big melons that you can do whatever you want to."

Foulfang raised an eyebrow in surprise at this. "Really? Whatever I want?"

Cockweasel nodded with a smug grin. "I even fucked one of them in the ass."

Foulfang whistled in approval. "Very nice. What about that slut that came here with you, the squire. Can I get me one of those?"

Cockweasel shook his head. "Squires are only given to paladins."

"Well can I have a go with her now?" suggested Foulfang. "You know, to seal the deal. As a show of good faith, like with Gwendallyn."

Cockweasel frowned as this, remembering how hard it had been for him to trick his pretty young squire into even a blowjob. Much tougher than with Lady Gwnedallyn, that's for sure. "I don't know, she's not really that easy..."

"Come on Cockweasel!" begged Foulfang. "Have you seen the tits on her? I gotta get me some of that. Even just a handjob or something. It's been ages since I've been laid and the boys are pretty restless." The orc cupped his crotch through his grubby pants to illustrate his problem.

"Okay, let me think for a moment," said Cockweasel, his mind racing. "We can't just take the same approach as we did with Lady Gwendallyn, it wont work."

"You've gotta get me something or I won't come," warned Foulfang.

"Okay, okay. I've got an idea. But you've gotta play along. Let's head back down to the campsite."

The orc and goblin set off down the path, towards where Elizabeth had set up their camping gear and was in the process of collecting wood to build a fire.

"Sit there!" snapped Cockweasel as they reached the camp, his voice suddenly become firm and authoritarian as he ordered Foulfang to sit under a nearby tree. 

Foulfang did as he was ordered, prending to be meek and scared by the goblin. While he took his seat, Cockweasel moved over to his squire Elizabeth and took her aside, whispering instructions into her ear.

"Tie him to the tree," instructed Cockweasel aloud as he stepped away from his busty squire.

Elizabeth grabbed some rope from their bags and moved behind Foulfang, tying his arms around the tree behind his back.

"You will be coming back with us Foulfang," snapped Cockweasel as Elizabeth bound his arms.

"Not way!" retorted the orc defiantly.

"Make sure he can't get his hands free," Cockweasel told his squire. "We're going to convince this orc that he won't be trying to escape again."

"You will go with us Foulfang," Cockweasel said as the orc was tied fast to the tree by the beautiful young woman.

"I can take any pain you dish out," retorted Foulfang, as his hands were tightly bound by Elizabeth.

"Good," Cockweasel said once the orc was in position. "Now, this is your last chance Kum. Will you come back with us?"

"Never!" spat the orc.

"Very well, you leave us no choice then," Cockweasel said calmly. He then turned to his squire. "Unfasten his trousers."

Elizabeth nodded and smiled, wondering what horrible torture the goblin was about to inflict on this orc. She reached out and untied the front of the prisoners trousers, pulling them open and exposing the orc's genitals. 

"Good, now take hold of his penis," Cockweasel commanded her.

Elizabeth glanced back at the goblin, his command taking her by surprise. Cockweasel merely nodded encouragingly in her direction, urging her to do as he said without question.

"Okay," Elizabeth said after a moments pause. She reached down and took hold of the orc's cock, gingerly lifting the flaccid organ up between the tips of her thumb and forefinger.

"Get a good grip," instructed Cockweasel.

Elizabeth rolled her eyes in disgust at the idea of handling the genitals of one of the enemy orcs, but trusted that the goblin paladin knew what he was doing. She slipped her palm around Foulfang's cock, feeling him twitch slightly as her cool fingers closed around the shaft.

"Can you feel that Foulfang?" Cockweasel asked, moving a little closer so he could look into the orc's eyes as he interrogated him. 

"Yes," breathed Foulfang, he sounded nervous.

"Give it a squeeze," Cockweasel instructed his squire. The beautiful brunette gave her enemy's cock a firm squeeze, it felt spongy in her hand, although she thought it felt a little thicker than when she'd first touched him. The orc gasped and shuddered slightly against the tree.

"Feel that?" Cockweasel repeated.

"Yes."

"If you don't agree to return with us then my squire here might pull off your cock. You wouldn't want that, now would you?" Cockweasel said, his voice threatening. Elizabeth gave Foulfang's dick another squeeze, as if to emphasize the threat.

"Gently grab his testicles with your other hand," Cockweasel told her.

Elizabeth frowned slightly but did as she was directed, cupping the orc's hairy balls in her cool fingers as she squeezed on his cock a third time, it was definitely growing in her hand, was he getting excited by their torture?

"You're balls would make a lovely necklace for Elizabeth you know," Cockweasel growled dangerously as Elizabeth rolled the orc's testicles on her fingertips.

"Pull on his cock, make sure he gets the message."

Elizabeth tugged on Foulfang's cock and he gasped loudly, his member semi-erect now and filling the pretty young squire's hand. 

Cockweasel moved around so that he was standing right next to his busty young squire, watching her movements. "Again," he directed her and she jerked on Foulfang's dick. 

Elizabeth stiffened slightly as she felt Cockweasel's hand on the small of her back. The goblin leant in close and whispered in her ear, "Put your mouth on him, let him feel your teeth," he said quietly, the hand on her back sliding down so that his fingers rested on the swell of her buttocks. "But don't bite or anything yet, I don't want to actually hurt him yet."

Not releasing Foulfang's cock and balls, Elizabeth twisted to look towards Cockweasel. "My mouth?" she hissed, obviously not happy with the idea.

The hand on her ass gave a slight squeeze, "Trust me."

Elizabeth shook her head in disbelief, but nevertheless she bent over the orc's lap and put the head of his half-erect penis into her warm mouth. Her teeth scraped gently against the shaft of his cock and the head of his member rested on her wet tongue.

"Oh!" groaned Foulfang as he felt her mouth on him, his cock twitched slightly as it stiffened further, bumping against her soft lips.

"That's right!" Cockweasel said, giving Elizabeth's ass a triumphant squeeze which she did her best to ignore. "If you don't agree to help she'll bite your cock off!"

"Go a bit lower," Cockweasel quietly instructed Elizabeth. "I want the whole length of him under threat, we don't want to even leave him with a stump!"

Elizabeth would have said something in reply, but she hand a mouthful of orc penis. Instead she moved her head down, taking more of his length into her mouth, being careful to make sure he could feel the scrape of her teeth against his shaft as she moved down him. 

"Oh fuck!" gasped Foulfang as his now fully erect cock was buried in the beautiful squire's mouth, the tip of him sliding over her twitching tongue as she took him deeper.

"Will you help us yet orc?" demanded Cockweasel, stroking Elizabeth's firm posterior through her breeches.

"N..never.." stammered Foulfang unconvincingly, he could feel the beautiful human's nose against his upper leg as her face pressed right down into his crotch. With his length buried right to the hilt in her mouth it was awkward for her to keep her teeth against him, and he felt her mouth relax, her lips and tongue pressing against his trembling shaft. Her mouth was also filling somewhat with saliva, bathing him in a wetness which felt incredible.

"Okay, nibble on his nuts, but gently," Cockweasel told the pretty brunette.

Elizabeth withdrew up off Foulfang's cock, leaving the fully erect rod glistening with saliva as it jutted upwards towards her. She pushed it down against his stomach as she moved towards his balls, opening her mouth and nibbling lightly on the skin of his right testicle as his left one nuzzled against her nose.

"Take one in your mouth," Cockweasel told her, not even bothering to instruct her on using her teeth.

Elizabeth did so, orc defector's testicle resting on her tongue.

"Would you like her to eat your balls?" demanded Cockweasel.

"I...the orcs would kill me if I betray them again!" gasped Foulfang.

"He's weakening!" Cockweasel said, patting Elizabeth's posterior. "Back to his cock."

The brunette squire moved up, plunging her mouth back down over Foulfang's cock and causing the surprised orc to groan loudly, arching his back on the table as his cock was bathed in the warmth of the female squire's mouth.

"Well?" Cockweasel asked as Elizabeth held the orc's cock in her mouth.

"No...I..."Foulfang thrust his hips up off the ground, bucking his cock against Elizabeth's mouth as his lust mounted.

The busty young woman gagged slightly as the head of the orc's cock pushed into her throat and she jerked her head up off his lap in surprise, coughing.

"Quick!" gasped Cockweasel, squeezing Elizabeth's delightfully firm right butt-cheek. "Back in your mouth, we almost have him!"

Elizabeth's head dropped back into Foulfang's lap and her mouth once again swallowed his length. He groaned and pushed upwards with his hips, but this time she was ready, the hand on his balls moving to the base of his shaft to stop him from shoving himself deeper than she could take.

Cockweasel removed his hand from the Elizabeth's ass and he walked back around to the other side of the tied up orc, standing opposite Elizabeth as she leant over the prisoner. He bent forward, resting one hand on the top of Elizabeth's head as he leant in close to speak to the orc.

"With one command from me, she'll bite off your dick!" the goblin growled, punctuating his threat by pushing down on the top of Elizabeth's head. Foulfang thrust upwards with his hips to meet Cockweasel's push, groaning as he felt Elizabeth's tongue twitch underneath his cock in surprise.

"Don't think we won't do it!" said Cockweasel, pushing down on Elizabeth's head again. Foulfang moaned and thrust up, his eye's glazing over slightly.

"Oh fuck!" gasped the orc.

Cockweasel pushed down again to meet Foulfang's upwards thrust, Elizabeth struggled slightly as orc cock filled her reluctant mouth.

"I..." grunted Foulfang as Cockweasel pushed down again.

"Will...oh yeah, that's it," Foulfang grunted as Cockweasel forced the lovely brunette's wonderful mouth down onto him again.

"Will..." he groaned as there was another push from Cockweasel.

"Come!!" with that his cock pulsed in Elizabeth's mouth, unloading his cum as he thrashed against his bonds around base of the tree.

Cockweasel held Elizabeth's face down for a moment as the orc exploded in her mouth, then released her head as Foulfang's happy moans filled the campsite.

"Oh fuck!" cried out the orc as Elizabeth jerked up from his lap, coughing and spluttering at the mouthful of cum she'd been forced to receive. Another blast of sticky semen shot from the tip of Foulfang's pulsating penis, splashing up against Elizabeth's chin.

The horrified squire stepped back away from the tree as Foulfang moaned in orgasm. She shot Cockweasel a dark look and then stormed angrily out of the clearing.

Foulfang slumped back against the tree and grinned up at Cockweasel.

"So you'll comeback?" Cockweasel asked.

Foulfang nodded, "A deals a deal, I never thought you'd actually get that bitch to suck my cock."

Cockweasel grinned and winked at his friend.

Suddenly Foulfang's body slumped and his chin fell to his chest. The orc was still standing but it was as if he had just fallen asleep. Cockweasel frowned as he saw the orc sway slightly and a line of drool dribble from the corner of his slack mouth.

"What the fuck?" murmured Cockweasel in confusion.

A sudden thick, unnatural fog filled the campsite.

"This can't be good," remarked Cockweasel as he looked nervously around the darkened clearing.

"For me it's good, you not so much," said a familiar woman's voice, the sound sent a shiver down Cockweasel's voice.

"Valeria?" Cockweasel nervously called out, swallowing deeply as he felt a feeling of dread fill his gut.

"This time it's not a dream."

Valeria the Black stepped through the fog to stand in front of the rather concerned looking goblin. As always, she wore a sexy and revealing black gown that clung to her impressive curves, but Cockweasel was in no mood to admire the voluptuous wonders of the sorceress's figure.

"Oh shit!" gulped Cockweasel.

"This time you'll be the one that's fucked, not me," said Valeria, her voice dangerous. "I have waited such a long time for this moment."

Valeria raised her right hand and Cockweasel saw that she carried a slim black wand. To his horror she pointed the tip of the wand towards him.

"I'm fucked," whimpered Cockweasel in defeat.

Suddenly there was a crashing from the bushes directly behind Valeria. There was a flash of steel as an armoured warrior burst from the undergrowth.

Valeria spun to meet the surprise attack, the black wand shooting up towards her attacker. There was a loud thunderclap and the warrior longsword disappeared in a puff of smoke.

This seemed to confuse the warrior who froze for a moment. Valeria lifted the wand once again, but before she could cast another spell the warrior reached out, grabbing Valeria by the front of her gown, the warriors steel gauntlet disappearing into the sorceresses cleavage.

Valeria gave a startled yelp as the armoured fighter yanked. There was a tearing sound as Valeria's black gown ripped clear off her body, leaving the stunned sorceress completely nude.

"Son of a bitch!" swore Valeria, not even bothering to cover her nakedness, much to Cockweasel's pleasure who's gaze was immediately drawn to Valeria's ample, jiggling breasts, her dark nipples immediately stiffening in the cool air.

Valeria's wand moved and there was another thunderclap, this time the warrior's armour vanished.

"Gwendallyn!?" blurted Cockweasel in surprise as the nude paladin was abruptly revealed. Cockweasel's perverted mind was instantly conflicted as to which of the naked, busty beauties he should admire.

"Now you die interfering paladin!" growled the naked enchantress, pointing her wand in the direction of Gwendallyn who had futilely pressed both arms over her expansive bust in an effort to cover her boobs.

Bolts of lightning ripped from the tip of Valeria's wand, striking Gwendallyn full in the chest and flinging her right across the clearing as she screamed out in agony.

"Oh shit!" gulped Cockweasel, who hadn't actually moved from his spot ever since Valeria had arrived, still standing next to the paralysed orc he had been talking to. And he was none to keen to attack the powerful sorceress.

Gwendallyn however was spared from another corner. From the other side of the clearing Elizabeth entered, having returned from wherever she'd gone to following the mouthful of orc cum she'd be tricked into receiving.

The lightning stopped striking Gwendallyn as Valeria turned to face this new threat, her bare breasts rising and falling impressively as her breathing got heavier from the exertion of using her magic.

As Elizabeth looked around the clearing in surprise, Valeria's wand shot out towards Kum Foulfang, a strange beam of purple striking the frozen orc. "Fresh meat orc!" snapped Valeria.

Foulfang seemed to emerge from his paralysis. The orc gave a guttural roar and charged towards Elizabeth. The pretty young squire barely had time to gasp in surprise before the enraged orc tackled her roughly to the ground. It appeared that somehow Valeria had taken control of Foulfang.
