 Yeah... big sorry for how long this one has taken to anyone left wondering. Here now anyway.

Okay, so this is where a gets a bit controversial. There's a bit more stuff based explicitly round religion in here, but this is meant to be erotica, and it's not meant to poke fun or criticise any religious points of view. That said, if you feel you might be offended by it, just don't read on.

Also, goo girls ahoy!

*

"What, I want to know is, what are the police going to do about it?" demanded the pensioner.

"I... I'm sorry?" stammered Ted, as he tried to keep up with her fast-paced and repetitive torrents of meaningless soundbites.

"This urine!" she snapped, pointing to the damp spot in the ceiling. "I'm 75 and I manage to restrain myself from peeing on the floor!"

"Well, I mean, I think this is more an issue for the housing authority, Mrs Mee. "If that's a toilet up there, it's their job to repair it. Have you rung them yet?"

"The council have been useless. Absolutely useless... What I want to know is... what on earth's that?" she distractedly interrupted herself as she peered over Ted's notepad.

"Er, shorthand. It helps me keep up with you," Ted said, the stench of urine beginning to get the better of him.

"I don't know how you read it, love..." she muttered. "Now, this damp patch..."

Ten agonising minutes later, Ted stumbled out of the house, almost gagging from the assault on his nostrils. No sooner had he cleared the door however, then he hit a torrential downpour of rain. He cursed under his breath, before turning and forcing a smile as he waved goodbye to the slightly senile Mrs Mee.

Getting back to the cramped offices of the Copwith Courier, Ted saw that most of the staff had buggered off to lunch without waiting for his return. Only his fellow reporter Kate remained, frow burrowed as she spoke on the phone about what looked to be a strong lead story involving a looming overspend on the district council. Bloody Councillor Jones he thought. He gives her all the inside scoops and it's blatantly not because he views her as a force for democracy. Bloody tips for tits.

Resigning himself to working through what little material he already had, Ted sat down and began typing. He'd eat once the demented pensioner had been written down and dealt with.

Five minutes in and the phone rang. It could be something interesting for a change or it could be someone calling for the pizzeria again. Probably the latter he thought bitterly.

"Newsroom," he said, in his customary greeting.

"Hello... newsroom," replied a woman's voice that sumptuously dripped like honey.

Ted sat forward in his seat.

"I've got a story for the paper," she continued.

"Oh... what-what kind of story?" struggled Ted.

"It's about Copwith Manor. I know your paper has been trying to cover it for a while now, sending reporters round there to find out what's going on. "Ted Wilson, is it? He's been there a few times."

"Um, yes. Sorry, that's me. I'm Ted."

"Hi Ted..." the woman said, with a hint of amusement and coquettishness. "I'm the head of a Copwith woman's group -- you won't have heard of us - and we recently bought the property to use as a community venue. I could show you round if you like -- we're all here today... right now."

Ted's brow furrowed -- he'd not seen any planning documents that would support these claims, but he was curious to meet this mystery woman. She sounded like no local society chairman he'd ever spoken to.

"I'll be there in half an hour."

***

Half an hour later, and drenched from the persistent rain, Ted knocked on the heavy wooden door at the front of Copwith Manor.

When it was slowly opened, he subconsciously moved his head to get a look at just who was behind it.

In front of him was a girl who couldn't have been more than 20 years old. Her body was petite, with a delicate frame, slender limbs and a dainty head. Sleek black hair was neatly tied behind her head and youthful brown eyes widened as she took him in.

Hers weren't the only ones. Ted openly stared as he gave her the once-over -- she was dressed in a French maid's outfit. The black and white frilly get-up started with her skirt and moved up into a figure-hugging number round her chest, which was only the part of her that wasn't dainty. Indeed, it nearly spilled out of the tight outfit containing it. Dark tights hugged her legs, before ending as garters at her thighs. A frilly headband rested on her hair.

"Er...I..." he began.

"You must be Ted," beamed the maid. "The lady of the house has been expecting you.

"This way please."

The girl turned round and sauntered down the hall, her backside wiggling just a bit too much as she did. Ted followed her in and absently let the door close behind him.

Inside lay a cavernous entrance hall coated in oak panelling and bearing a large staircase in its centre, which forked out to coat the walls and lead into first floor rooms at each side. They soon arrived at a truly majestic lounge -- inside large framed paintings of former ladies of the house hung from the walls, a large mahogany piano rested to the side of the entrance corner and ahead of Ted, two long sofas faced an open fire.

On opposite ends of one of the sofas sat two thirty-something women, dressed in figure-hugging lace mini dresses. One, a copper-haired beauty with peachy skin, filled out the chest of her dress with a pair of breasts that couldn't have been smaller than a double-G that gently quivered as she leaned forward to get a closer look at Ted. The other, an elegant Asian woman with jet black hair that curved inwards beneath her chin, well-plucked eyebrows and large, rounded hips, sat with her back to him, effectively demonstrating the curves of her derriere, as she glanced over her shoulder at him. Both women had flawlessly smooth, creamy skin, with glossy, healthy-looking hair.

In front of them sat a coffee table overloaded with platters bearing a hearty feast -- an assortment of meats, including an entire roast chicken, as well as assorted vegetables lay next to dishes with sweets and candied fruits. Delectable smells wafted over and tempted Ted's nostrils.

Standing on the other side of the table opposite the two women, stood a woman in her late thirties dressed in an sleek but patternless black lace evening dress. Straight black hair fell down to the top of her shoulder blades and draped down her shoulders. A parting in the skirt of her dress hinted at long, sleek thighs while her chest, though not as large as the redhead's, must have ventured into double-E territory.

Ted thought of Mrs Mee's piss-stained ceiling as he tried to discourage his boner, and tried not to dwell on the distinct impression he'd come underdressed.

"Ah, you must be Ted!" cooed the woman. "I'm Bella, Bella Black, we spoke on the phone."

"Oh, er right, yes of course."

"Oh my, you look soaked! Here, take off your jacket and hang it on the coat rack in the corner there."

Looking behind him, Ted saw a wooden rack by the door, and he wandered over to hang the sodden rag of a free peg. While there, he pulled off his tie, which had begun to irritate him as the damp fabric rubbed against his collar.

"We were just about to have a spot of luncheon. If you aren't full, we'd love you to join us."

"Actually, I've not eaten yet as it happens."

"Oh you poor thing, you must be starved!" cried Bella. "Here, have a seat between Stacy and Suki. You should be nice and warm there."

Stacy and Suki certainly looked warm enough, given that they weren't covered in goose pimples in such scant get-ups.

Ted nervously wandered over and sat down stiffly between the two. The sofa clearly was a large two-seater, but not large enough to give much personal space for three occupants. As he sat down, Ted noticed the area was very warm, and he became aware of hints of a sweetly spicy aroma wafting towards him.

"Please, do eat up," offered Bella as she sat on the sofa opposite him. Stacy and Suki both leaned forward to pick up some unusually shaped nuggets of white meat, coated in a red sauce.

Stacy passed Ted some of hers and he quickly gobbled it up. It was spicy, though it didn't ring true with the scent pervading his nostrils. It was however delicious, and when Suki passed him another chunk, he greedily wolfed it down without questioning what it was he was eating.

As he sat back for a second to reflect on the taste, he noticed that already his shirt -- which had been spared most of the rain by his jacket -- was already mostly dry.

He looked round to see what Stacy and Suki had opted for next, and was surprised to see them both gazing intently at him.

"You must excuse them," said Bella. "We're just a bit excited to have a reporter round. We haven't had male company since moving in."

As if to emphasise the point, Suki began to stroke her fingers along his left arm, while Stacy moved closer to Ted, who fidgeted nervously in his seat.

Male company? What difference should that make, he thought. More to the point, what the hell was the deal with this place? Were they all cohabiting? Had Stacy and Suki just come over for a chat? In their nighties?

"Now, you probably have a few questions about our group?" Bella offered, as if in response.

Ted leaned forward and pulled a small pad and pen from his trouser pocket where it had been uncomfortably nestled.

"Yes, I was just won..." He licked his lips. The spice from the meat had dried the inside of his mouth and he hadn't realised how dry it had become.

Bella smiled apologetically. "Oh, sorry that chicken's ever so spicy. Here, try some mulled wine." 

She passed him a pewter chalice. The vessel was ridiculously extravagant to pass to someone who had dropped in for a quick chat, but Ted was more concerned with slaking his thirst at that precise moment in time.

She smiled knowingly as she handed it over. "It's a very special recipe. We often find it warms up our insides and helps us unwind."

As he held the chalice, he noticed it was nicely heated from the mulled wine inside, and as he gulped the drink down, it trickled pleasantly across his tongue and down his throat.

He had soon emptied out the cup, which he giddily plonked on the table with an unsteady hand.

He hadn't drunk much, but the drink was already spreading a pleasant warm haze across his body and his mind seemed to gently float on a warm wave. He sank into the sofa, feeling too relaxed to offer any resistance when both Stacy and Suki pressed against him. The warmth from their soft, soft skin combined with the pleasant daze that had spread through him felt too good to protest, even if the ladies were being a bit more forward than he was accustomed.

Stacy leaned over to rip off a strip of chicken from carcass on the table and fed it directly into Ted's mouth, which lazily chewed it down. Suki grinned and mopped up some of the juices round his mouth with her finger, before pressing her glistening digit into Ted's mouth to suck off.

"Now, I think you're probably comfortable enough and... open to discussion..." Bella's eyes travelled down to Ted's crotch, while the fingers of her right hand idly traced the centre of the neckline of her dress. In his relaxed state, a large lump had begun straining against Ted's trousers once more.

Though his eyes were fixed on Bella, he became aware of Stacy and Suki's mouths nuzzling either side of his neck. Hands were beginning to unbutton his shirt from the top buttons down.

Ted was vaguely aware that some part of him would normally have a problem with this, but whatever part that was, it was mercifully quiet, letting him enjoy the sensation.

"You were wondering, no doubt, how we came to acquire this property.

"Well, the truth is, we have connections. Me and my friends -- and I have a LOT of friends -- found that some of us knew the original owner.

"He'd moved overseas and was looking at plans to make this a bed and breakfast. This simply wouldn't do for us though.

"One thing you'll soon learn us about is we can be VERY persuasive, and it only took a one-minute chat for him to see that the best thing to do would be to turn the manor over to us.

"Now he's decided to get on with his life abroad without worrying about this house, he was so much happier for it. I don't think I've seen him without a big, happy grin on his face since we had our little chat in fact..."

Stacy and Suki had finished with his shirt buttons, and had proceeded to pull it from his back. Hands slinked beneath his trousers and began to fondle his cock. His zipper was slowly pulled open.

He sighed gently as each woman slipped their thighs over his, pressed to him so tightly it was if they were trying to cover as much of his skin as they could.

Once again, the usual warning messages that this was not how people generally entertained guests was for some reason failing to get through to Ted's brain. Instead, waves of pleasure were running along his cock, following the sensuous touches of Stacy's hand. Or was it Suki's?

"Now we've set up our little woman's club here, what we need from you is to show all the women in town why they need to come and join us. John gasped as a fingernail tickled the shaft of his member in one long motion. "...it's so much fun here. We know they'd just love it."

His trousers were open and a hand was clasped round his rod, beginning a slow pump. He was already so hard that he felt it would only take a few strokes to get him off.

"You see, I've got a bit of a bombshell for you, Ted..." The hand sped up, quickly becoming slippy with his precum. "I'm not human. None of us are." He gasped as he shot a thick load onto... whoever's hand had got him off.

He sank further into the relaxing stupor that was gripping his body. But even as his muscles relaxed, his dick still stood proud, despite having only just spurted out more cum than he had in the past week combined. 

His balls felt ticklish, as if just beneath the surface of the skin they were rabid with activity, and despite jettisoning such a large amount of semen, his member became even stiffer rather than dropping in girth. Not only that, his sexual drive didn't drop, it seemed to build. He wanted more, he wanted to come again at the hands of these beauties.

Ted stole a glance at Stacy, who grinned like a Cheshire Cat at him and bit her lower lip.

He should be worried. He SHOULD be fearful of his life. But the little voice that SHOULD be screaming in panic was rolling around giggling, like a puss on catnip, round the inside of his head -- presumably thanks to the highly potent mulled wine.

"We were sent from somewhere... ancient, to bring all humans joy and bliss," Bella continued.

Stacy dropped to her knees and licked the cum off Ted's shaft. Suki shifted lower, so she could plant kisses across Ted's chest and stomach.

Ted heard a liquid sloshing sound and as he looked down, he saw Stacy had somehow slipped out of her mini-dress, giving him an unrestricted view of her bountiful breasts. The mini-dress was nowhere to be seen, though it soon became forgotten as she leaned forwards, and enclosed her fleshy pillows round his member. The mounds felt soft and gentle against his cock, which strained in stark contrast as ripples of flesh gave way against it.

Stacy began to squeeze her breasts softly against his dick, giving him a titwank, and the vibrating quiver from the wobbling, rolling mounds seemed almost to carry through into Ted himself, until he too was rendered little more than a quivering heap.

"Our kind just want to please your kind Ted, and we specifically just want to please you," he heard Bella say.

Stacy pressed herself tightly against his crotch so she could begin sucking his glans, which poked out of the top of her canyons. He gasped as she switched back and forth between sucking it like a lollipop and giving it an affectionate lick. Suki pulled him in for a tight kiss.

His mind tried to rationalise what was going on -- he'd made first contact with some kind of alien life form, that much was clear. And they said they wanted to spread pleasure to all humans? In the movies, talk like that inevitably meant they'd wait until Earth dropped its guard before sending in the mothership, but in the movies, the aliens never sucked the humans off like Stacy was doing right now.

If they really were here to bring humans pleasure, they'd got off to a strong start. But as Stacy gave one last strong suck and rolled her fleshy prison quickly around his shaft, Ted's eyes rolled back into his head as he erupted in bliss and stopped thinking such thoughts.

He opened them once more to see Bella advancing towards him, her dress becoming a shifting liquid, as if she was coated in an oil slick. It moved outwards from her chest and stomach, splitting as it retreated into both her crotch and eyes. The liquid moving into her crotch was the first to disappear from view, before the last slithers entered her eyes, filling them with a deep black. Bella blinked, and instantly they returned to their previous hazel irises.

As she approached Ted, both Stacy and Suki reclaimed their original positions at his side, hoisting him round so he was reclining on the sofa, his shoulders and legs resting on Suki and Stacy's laps respectively.

Without a word, Bella began to mount him, kneeling as she straddled him with one leg either side of his waist. She placed her hands on his chest and leaned forward, tilting her backside in the air as she looked Ted in the eyes. Already Ted was only aware of his the pounding need his member was feeling and the longing to sink it into a comfortable, waiting pussy. But as Bella fixed those eyes on him, that longing floated away to a remote corner of his mind as he lost himself in her eyes.

"There's some very specific information we need going in your story..." she whispered to him.

"Yes...?" murmured Ted, for whom time seemed to be standing still.

Over the next few minutes, Bella gave a detailed summary to Ted, who lay there, patiently without moving, with glazed eyes. While unobserved, Stacy seized her chance to strip him of his socks, shoes, trousers and underpants as Suki massaged his temples with her index fingers. When Bella had finished, all it took was a kiss to Ted's cheek and he was back in the room once more, longing to plunge his length into Bella's waiting slit.

Looking down, he saw it was completely hairless and glistening with arousal, showing Bella was as ready as he was. A single drop fell from it and hit Ted's jap's eye. 

It seemed to stimulate the very parts of his body responsible for purely physical sexual reaction and in seconds, a surge of blood rushed to his member, straining against the very skin that confined it. 

At the precise moment, Bella sank down onto him, and his shaft was bathed in gloriously heated, silky flesh.

Ted gasped as she gently gyrated her hips, causing ripples to flow around his cock, spreading shockwaves of pleasure.

By using her hands as a base, Bella slowly lifted herself up and down the length, every millimetre inducing a slow-motion flurry of pleasure.

Stacy busied herself by gently massaging Ted's feet while Suki began stroking her hands thoughtfully through his hair.

Bella came down quickly on his cock, sinking down to the base of his shaft, and when she lifted upwards, most of the length remained trapped inside the soft but tight prison.

Soon, it was almost as if her pussy was trying to swallow his member whole and the tight but gentle flutters of her organ quickly scored an orgasm from him.

He sighed, spent, as he shot inside her, and his head fell back in Suki's lap. Bella leaned forward, without lifting herself off his still hard member, and rested her head on his shoulder, her bountiful breasts pressed against his chest, while Suki and Stacy gently stroked the couple with affection, as if they were sleeping pets.
