 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight Errant, sat on his mount Swift as she plodded gamely through the mud and torrential rain. Not long after he had left the church the sky had opened, and what had started as heavy rain had turned into a storm as the hours went by. Now wind whipped through the trees and the rain came down in sheets around him. He was sodden.

He cursed loudly and looked around. In the distance he could see what looked to be an inn, and he spurred Swift into motion. He needed to stop for the night - the axe was not going anywhere and he was getting wet.

Arriving a short while later at the inn, Sir Jeffrey reined his horse in front of it and climbed down. He gave the reins to a stable boy who came running out into the torrential rain, giving him a silver coin for his troubles, and then walked with his head down into the inn.

The common room was quite empty, which was not surprising. The trading season was largely over and there would be few travellers on the road in weather such as this. Most people were too sensible to be out on quests for magical axes.

He looked around and saw the barkeep, flagging the man down. "I would like a pint of ale and a room for the night, please," he said as he leant on the counter.

"I can get the ale for you, but you'll have to talk to Melinda about a room."

The man waved at a woman disappearing round a corner, her arms full of jugs, then turned to pour Sir Jeffrey's drink. Jeffrey left a coin on the counter to pay for the ale, and then followed the woman round the corner.

He found her in the next room, which was empty except for the two of them. She was clearing jugs onto shelves.

Sir Jeffrey coughed, attracting her attention, and she turned to him. He almost gasped. She was gorgeous. Her long blonde hair was tied up in a bun, and the apron she wore did not do much to hide her huge tits. They swelled wonderfully to his eyes. She was about 5'4" by his reckoning, with long legs and striking green eyes. He guessed she was probably in her mid-thirties, a good ten years older than Sir Jeffrey himself.

"Can I help you, Sir Knight?"

She smiled at him and he saw her look him up and down. He had seen that look from women many times in the past. His magic cock seemed to throb at the glint in her eyes, and he knew he would get no respite until he appeased it now.

"I would like a room please, madam," he said, ignoring for now the horniness that crept through him. "Your best, please."

"Of course, Sir Knight. One gold coin please."

He offered her the coin and she took it eagerly, her hand seeming to linger on his longer than necessary. Then she stepped away and smiled up at him once more. "I look forward to serving you tonight, Sir Knight."

With that she wandered away. He stood there a moment, enjoying the implications of what she had said, before returning to the common room.

His ale was waiting for him and he drank it eagerly. Slowly the night crept in and the more he thought about Melinda the hornier he got. He had to do something about his horniness, so he paid his tab and retired to his room. He did not want to sit in the common room thinking about Melinda any longer - if it came down to it he would get himself off on his own.

As he relaxed in his room, there was a knock on his door. He stood, ignoring the throbbing of his cock, which demanded that it was emptied. Opening the door, he grinned.

Melinda stood there with a jug of water and a glint in her green eyes.

"I thought Sir Knight might like something to drink," she said with a naughty smile. "May I come in?"

"Of course," Jeffrey responded, stepping back to let her enter. She walked past him and put the jug on the counter.

"I hope you find my inn amenable, Sir Knight," she said.

"Please, call me Jeffrey. And, yes, I do. It is lovely. Have you owned it long?"

"I have not, Jeffrey," she smiled. "I inherited it from an uncle last summer. I have been enjoying running it since, though. What brings you out here?"

"I am on a quest to find the Axe of the Mists. Discovering it will make me a full Knight."

"Excellent," she smiled. "You will surely succeed. I can see the conviction in your eyes."

A moment of silence passed between them.

"Do you get many customers?" he said, trying to make conversation. He wanted to keep this woman here to see where things would lead.

"Not in these months, no," she said sadly. "I make most of my gold in the summer and spring. Which can be a pain, when you rely on your customers for... other things."

"Other things?" Jeffrey asked, hopeful.

Melinda smiled at him. "How about you shut the door and I show you what I mean?"

He closed the door in a flash, quickly turning the lock shut with the key, and then spun back round. Melinda had thrown off her apron so that she stood only in a tight cloth top and skirt, and he stepped towards her. She kissed him deeply, and he did the same, wrapping his arms around the blonde. He could feel her huge tits pressed against his chest.

Suddenly, she stepped back. She looked at Jeffrey with hunger in her eyes and reclined on the bed, hitching up her skirt until her pussy was revealed.

"I thought you might like something to eat, Sir Knight."

He dropped to his knees immediately, burying his head between her legs. Her cunt tasted wonderful against his tongue and he smeared his face into her lips, kissing and licking with delight. She moaned loudly and pressed herself against his face.

He looked up at her and grinned into her pussy. She was rubbing herself against him and he could tell she was going to come and he wanted to taste her as she did. He did not have to wait long.

"I'm coming Jeffrey!" she shouted, her eyes going blank. She pushed herself against his tongue and her juices seeped into his mouth. He could feel her cunt twitching against his tongue.

Afterwards, he stood up, quickly taking off his shirt and then his pants. Soon he stood naked in front of Melinda and she groaned as she stared at him hungrily. She quickly took off her skirt and then Sir Jeffrey's breath caught as she reached for her shirt.

"You want to see my tits, don't you?" she giggled. He nodded in return. "Then how about you take this off for me?"

He did not need to be asked again. Jeffrey reached down, grabbing the white top and pulling it over Melinda's head. Her huge tits spilled out and his hands were immediately grabbing them. She moaned, reaching for the clip that held her hair up and pulling it loose so that her blonde hair fell down in waves over her shoulders.

Suddenly she moved back onto the bed until she was propped against the pillows with her legs spread. She looked at him and licked her lips. "Your cock looks lovely, Jeffrey. Please put it inside me!"

He climbed on after her and grabbed his length with a hungry growl, quickly pushing inside her willing pussy. Her cunt swallowed him up. He groaned at the feeling and started to thrust.

She looked amazing as he held himself above her. Her arms were on his back and as he started to fuck her harder her moans got louder and louder. The noise of their sex was loud in the small room and Jeffrey wondered if the other patrons of the inn could hear them. Not that he cared as his cock was far too happy with what he was doing with it.

"Yes, Sir Knight, fill me with your hard cock!" Melinda shouted as he pumped away. The huge-breasted blonde shook beneath him, her legs around his waist. He stared into her green eyes as his magic cock twitched and he knew he was not far away from coming. 

"I'm going to come!" he shouted.

"Yes! Do it!" she stared back in pleasure. Suddenly, she closed her eyes and her back arched, and Jeffrey knew she was coming. His magic cock always got his partner off. She shook beneath him and her pussy spasmed against his member.

"Ah!" he grunted. His cum exploded from his cock and filled Melinda's cunt, mixing with her own juices inside her. His arms felt weak from the strength of his orgasm and for a moment the two of them came together.

Afterwards, Sir Jeffrey pulled out. He smiled at Melinda, lying down next to her, and before he knew it he was fast asleep.