 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight Errant, was waiting in Breanne's tower when Narlissa returned through the door the next morning. She was clutching a brown sack, and her eyes widened when she saw him, quickly hiding it behind her back.

"Don't hide it," Jeffrey laughed. "Breanne told me what you were doing."

Narlissa rolled her eyes as she placed the sack on the floor. "She did? I suppose I should have expected that. Did you get what you came for?"

Sir Jeffrey nodded, then smiled. "And more, of course."

"Of course," Narlissa grinned.

"The reason I have stayed, Narlissa, is that I wanted to ask you for help. Breanne gave me a map to where the Axe of the Mists should be located, but I would be much quicker were I to have a guide through the wilderness and you seem utterly at home in these forests."

Narlissa stared at him a moment. "Are you asking my help again, Jeffrey?"

"If you are willing to give it. I am afraid I can offer you very little now, but if we find the Axe and I become a fully-fledged Knight I will have riches with which to repay you."

"Oh, Sir Jeffrey, there are other ways you can repay me... you know that." She grinned at him with a glint in her eyes, before picking the brown sack off the floor again. "I accept your offer, but I must take these to Breanne. They will do as payment for the next time that I wish to stay here."

Jeffrey waited a few minutes until Narlissa returned, and the half-elf smiled at him. "Shall we go now?"

He nodded, and they both head outside. He quickly got Swift prepared and mounted his steed, watching as Narlissa did the same. Moving over beside her, he passed her the map that Breanne had given him.

"Does this make any sense to you?" he asked as she took it.

She studied it a moment, before nodding. "Yes, I think I know where this is. Let's go."

She rode out of the clearing and Sir Jeffrey followed, delighted that he was not only getting closer and closer to the axe, but that he had such excellent company for the journey.

They rode for hours through the forest, passing pleasant conversation between them. Jeffrey learned that Narlissa's mother, who was an elf, had been killed when she was very young in a raiding party, and her human father had deserted her when she was a teenager to join the army. She had been taken in by an orphanage, where she learnt to steal on the streets, but had moved away from the city when she was old enough. She preferred the countryside and smaller towns to the hustle and bustle of a city.

Sir Jeffrey agreed with that, and as they walked through the green forest he couldn't help but appreciate how beautiful it was. The sun was hanging high still in the mid-afternoon and his stomach was beginning to rumble with hunger.

"Narlissa?" he said, smiling as the half-elf glanced up from Breanne's map. "Shall we stop for food soon?"

"That does sound like a good idea," she replied. "I will find us somewhere."

They rode for a few more minutes, reaching another small clearing. Narlissa seemed expert at picking them out, and Sir Jeffrey eagerly dismounted. He opened his pack and pulled some food from it, turning to offer some to Narlissa. She took it eagerly, and they sat together beneath a tall oak eating for a short while.

Eventually, they were finished, and Sir Jeffrey stood, holding out his hand for Narlissa to take. She did, and he pulled her to her feet. However, she did not step away, leaving herself pressed against him.

"Surely you do not anticipate leaving just yet, Sir Knight?" she said with a sultry whisper. "We have only just begun to have our break."

"What is it you're suggesting, Narlissa," he grinned back as his magic cock throbbed. He knew what was coming.

"It's just that I've been guiding you all morning and afternoon and have received no payment yet. If you recall from when I took you to Breanne's tower, I like to collect what's owed to me quite frequently."

She kissed him then and he responded the same way. His arms moved to wrap around the gorgeous half-elf and she moaned into his mouth. Suddenly her hands were on his buckle and she had undone the knots to his armoured pants.

"You'll need to take these off," she smirked and he pulled them quickly from his body. He took his chestpiece off too, and was delighted to see Narlissa stripping down. Soon they were both naked and he stared at her with lust. Her large breasts called out to his hands but before he could reach out and grab them Narlissa had sunk to her knees.

"Oh fuck, Narlissa," he moaned as she took his cock into her mouth. He leaned back against the tree, enjoying the feeling of his length in her warm mouth and the way her tongue swirled around it. She pulled her head from his cock and kissed down the sides, jacking him off with her hand whilst she did. He did not care at how exposed he was in the middle of the wilderness - Narlissa was all that mattered at that moment.

For a while he was lost to the pleasure of her efforts. She was amazing at giving head, and he wondered if he'd be able to convince her to do this more often on their journey together. Although he suspected she wouldn't need convincing.

After a few minutes, however, he knew he needed to take things further. His magic cock was aching to be stuffed inside a tight and willing cunt, and he reached down to pull Narlissa to her feet. She kissed him briefly, before stepping past him and putting her hands on the tree. She bent forwards, thrusting her ass out, and grinned at him.

"I want you to fuck me against this tree, Jeffrey."

He moved behind her quickly, grabbing his blowjob-wet cock and easing it into her pussy. She moaned and pushed back as he filled up her cunt. Soon he was pumping away into the half-elf and she was crying out her pleasure.

Her body looked amazing and he ran his hands eagerly over her back. Leaning forward, he reached around and grabbed her tits, which hung down wonderfully from her chest. She looked back at him with need in her eyes.

"Oh yes, Sir Knight, grab my tits whilst you fuck me!"

He held the globes, squeezing them. He could feel Narlissa's body responding to their sex and he could also feel the familiar throb in his balls. He was not going to last much longer.

"I'm going to come, Narlissa!"

"Fill my cunt with your seed, Jeffrey. Yes!"

She screamed out then as her pussy grabbed his cock, her orgasm hitting her. He followed moments later and his cum shot out into the half-elf, mixing with her own juices deep inside her cunt.

After a while, Jeffrey pulled out of Narlissa, and she moaned back at him. He grinned, and the two of them quickly dressed again.

They still had an axe to locate.