 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, hurried to the hill where Vrika had said she would meet him. The invisibility potion had worn off only ten minutes or so after he had left the camp and he was grateful he'd been able to make it in time. But make it he had, and he clutched the two sceptres tightly as he jogged through the undergrowth.

Soon he arrived at the mound and he saw Vrika waiting for him at the top. She was wearing a broad grin at the sight of the sceptres and deftly climbed down the hill.

"You got them!" she said happily, reaching out. Jeffrey handed her the glistening silver rod that was the orcish sceptre. It was clearly made by human hands, as he had been told, and she turned it over in her grip. "Fine craftsmanship," she murmured. "Both these sceptres are amazing pieces."

"They are," Jeffrey agreed. "I am glad to have returned them. For the sake of preserving such wonderful items, as well as helping maintain the peace between our peoples."

Vrika grinned. "I do not think our peace would be so easily shattered; trade and friendship have made us grow closer. But you are right - it would not be good to test that. My tribe place a lot of value in this ceremony, it is true, and now we can celebrate its conclusion."

Jeffrey turned to the bandit camp. "It is a shame I could do nothing about the thieves."

"I will tell my Tribe Chieftain where the camp is, Jeffrey," Vrika said seriously. "He will want them captured for what they stole from us. If you let the Duchess know, then our people can capture them together."

"That sounds a good plan. I doubt they will realise the sceptres are missing just yet."

Vrika walked with him as Jeffrey moved into the trees where he had hidden Swift. His mount was waiting for him patiently. He attached the sceptre to her saddle so that it would be secure, then turned back to Vrika. She was not there.

He heard a noise to his left and gasped as he saw the orc emerging from the thick shrubbery behind him, leading a large, hulking lizard. It came up to Swift's shoulders, its green scales glinting in the bright afternoon sun, and wore a saddle on its back. Jeffrey had never seen such a creature, although he had heard about them.

"A salamander!" he said, shocked. "I did not think that I would ever see one."

Vrika grinned. "My tribe use them for transport. They make excellent mounts in the mountains, where horses struggle with their footing. I am surprised you do not know them, though? My people ride them to every ceremony."

"I am not from the city," Jeffrey said simply. "I am a Knight of the Land. I was called to help the Duchess and her people but I am not directly one of them."

Vrika's eyes widened slightly. "Then I am even more impressed, Jeffrey. You would not stand to lose if the sceptres had remained missing, and yet you still risked yourself to find them and protect people you did not know. You are truly an honourable man." 

Jeffrey was embarrassed by her praise. He did not know how to take it. After a moment, the orc grinned at his silence and secured the orcish sceptre on her own mount. Then she turned back to him.

"I must leave, Jeffrey. My people need this sceptre returned."

Jeffrey nodded. "As must I. How long will it take your tribe to reach the castle?"

"A day. We will likely be there by tomorrow morning."

Jeffrey opened his eyes in surprise. "You travel quickly!"

The orc laughed and patted the salamander's back. "Our mounts are fast. Do not worry, though; I will travel slowly, to give you time to get back."

"Thank you, Vrika."

"Well, it would do no good for us to arrive and find your sceptre not yet delivered. No, I will wait."

"Then this is goodbye," Jeffrey said, bowing.

Vrika grinned. "Perhaps not quite yet. For returning the sceptre and thus your services to my tribe, I feel it would be remiss of me not to offer some sort of... reward."

The orc stepped close to him then and before Jeffrey could react she had her hands on his cheeks and was kissing him deeply. He returned the kiss moments later, his magic cock flaring into life despite already being sated less than an hour before.

Vrika's hand slipped to his armour, undoing the knots that held it on and slowly loosening it. Then her fingers slipped beneath it to find his growing erection and started to massage his length. Jeffrey groaned.

The orc grinned at him and stepped away and Jeffrey allowed her to pull his armour loose and let his cock spring free. Seconds later she had sunk to her knees and taken him into her mouth.

Jeffrey groaned at the feeling, reaching out to place his hand on her head. Her braided hair was silky smooth beneath his touch. The gorgeous orc's amber eyes stared at him as she bobbed her head on his shaft.

For a while they stayed that way, sheltered by the trees. The orc knelt in front of him, her hands pumping on his cock and her mouth and tongue exploring every inch. It did not take long for his length to be slick with her saliva.

He stared down at her hungrily before deciding that his cock would be even happier nestled inside her tight cunt. To that end he pulled the orc to her feet, kissing her again and pulling up her chainmail skirt. She was not wearing anything underneath and Jeffrey wondered if she'd been planning this all along.

Not that he wondered for long when Vrika stepped backwards until she was resting against a tree, then tugged him towards her. They kissed again and Jeffrey grabbed her leg, lifting it so that she balanced on only one. The orc's hands dropped to guide his member to her entrance. He pushed inwards with a groan.

Her cunt felt as magnificent as it had done the night before. Soon his entire cock was inside her tunnel and he started to move slowly. She grinned breathlessly at him and moaned at the feeling of him inside her and Jeffrey could only drink in the beauty of the situation.

Soon his hips were moving more quickly and Vrika was pushing herself back against him. Although they were still fully-armoured that did not take away the passion of their sex and Jeffrey enjoyed the way Vrika wrapped one arm around his neck for support as he cock slammed into her cunt.

The wilderness seemed quiet except for their noises of passion and Jeffrey delighted in that. He loved having sex outside (though really he just loved having sex full stop, it didn't matter where) and the way Vrika was moaning and writhing he guessed she was enjoying herself too. He could feel her body tensing.

"Oh fuck, keep fucking me like that and you'll make me come," the orc said suddenly and Jeffrey grunted. That was exactly what he wanted to happen and he sped up his thrusts into the green-skinned beauty.

Her amber eyes flashed and he could tell she was getting close. His own release was near too and his balls were desperate to empty their seed inside Vrika's pussy. He kissed her again, letting her insistent moans grow louder into his mouth and soon the moment was near.

Vrika pulled her head away with a cry as her orgasm exploded inside her. Her cunt grabbed his cock tightly, her walls rippling along his length. She was coming hard, he could tell, and seconds later he joined her as his magic cock twitched, his jizz firing into Vrika's spasming pussy.

They shared that extreme pleasure for a long time, but eventually their orgasms had ebbed away. Jeffrey withdrew from Vrika with a groan and the orc woman grinned at him as she let her chainmail skirt fall about her legs again.

"A welcome reward," he smiled as he tightened his armour once more until he was suitably dressed.

The orc smirked, a flush still on her cheeks in her orgasmic afterglow. "I am glad to hear it."

Jeffrey climbed onto Swift's back then, watching as Vrika mounted her reptilian steed.

"Oh, and Jeffrey?" she said as they prepared to leave.

"Yes?"

"I think it would be better if we did not let others know what happened with the sceptres. I will tell my Tribe Chieftain that they stole both, not just ours, but no one else. They do not need to know."

Jeffrey nodded. "I agree. I will tell the Duchess but no others."

They said their goodbyes then, before Vrika moved off through the trees. Jeffrey pointed Swift in the opposite direction and guided the horse into motion. Soon his mount was racing through the undergrowth, the reins gripped tightly in his hands.

He had to make it back to the castle quickly.