 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, was relaxing in his living room when his servant knocked on the door. Jeffrey looked over to the man and smiled.

"Yes, David?"

The man bowed. "There is a messenger for you, Sir Jeffrey. She claims she is from the royal palace."

"The Royal Palace?" Jeffrey asked, standing up quickly. "Show her in, David."

The man bowed again and left the room. Jeffrey was not sure he would ever be entirely used to having servants. He had spent his life making his own way and still found it strange to have so many people working for him. Yet a Knight of the Land with no serving staff would be looked on as mad so he had to keep them.

He was too busy worrying about whether he treated his staff well enough that he did not notice the messenger enter the room until they spoke.

"Good morning, Sir Jeffrey," the figure said and Jeffrey realised it was a woman's voice.

"Good morning," he replied, motioning for her to sit down. "What does the Royal Palace require of me?"

The woman took a seat and Jeffrey looked her over. She was very pretty, with dark blonde hair that fell to her shoulders, and deep brown eyes. The red blazer she wore to mark her out as a messenger of the Royal Family was stretched quite tightly across a very ample chest and he could see from the rest of her uniform which consisted of a relatively short black skirt and black thigh-high boots that she was slender. He guessed she stood at roughly 5'7" and was probably in her early-twenties. All in all she was a very attractive woman.

His balls throbbed at that thought and he growled to himself. He loved his magic cock but sometimes it seemed to demand satisfaction at the most inappropriate times. He had more pressing concerns at this moment and so took a seat opposite the messenger and leaned forwards.

She smiled at him, running one hand through her dark blonde hair before speaking. "I have a message from the Royal Court, Sir Knight. A Duchess in the western reaches of the queendom calls for aid."

"What is the problem?" Jeffrey asked worriedly. Nobles were capable of getting themselves into great trouble if they wanted to.

"I do not know, I'm afraid. She would not say."

Jeffrey pursed his lips quizzically. "So she has asked for aid, but not said what for?"

"Indeed, Sir Knight," the messenger smiled. "It sounds strange, I agree, but I am only a messenger. I can only pass on the information given to me."

"A noble asking for help, but being secretive about why. That is very worrying!"

The messenger nodded. "The Queen agrees, Sir Knight. That is why she has chosen you for this task. Princess Isabel still talks of your incredible talents and the Queen is impressed that a Knight of the Land was able to make such an impression on her daughter. She is hopeful that you might do the same for Lady Brenwick."

Jeffrey considered a moment. "Tell me all you know about Lady Brenwick. Also, forgive my rudeness, I must know your name."

She smiled broadly at him. "I am Gemma," she said with a seated bow. "I am honoured to meet you, Sir Jeffrey Trailson."

"Call me Jeffrey, please," he said back. "I am not one for formal stuffiness."

A glint seemed to enter Gemma's eye as she responded. "Indeed, Princess Isabel informed me of such."

"Oh?" he asked, his magic cock throbbing again. So Isabel had personally spoken to this messenger about him.

"Yes, Jeffrey. But perhaps we can move onto... pleasantries after our discussion of your task?"

Jeffrey nodded. "Of course."

He listened as Gemma told him what she knew of Lady Brenwick. The Duchess seemed to be quite a reasonable woman, with a good head for ruling despite the fact that she was merely in her early-thirties. Gemma did not know what could cause her to suddenly call for aid.

Of course, Jeffrey struggled to take in a lot of what Gemma was saying. When the messenger was talking about standing armies and draftsmen, bowyer capacity and cannon stocks he rather zoned out and instead just stared at the stunning woman talking so animatedly in front of him. War bored him and he did not understand it. Tits and sex did not bore him and he understood those very well indeed.

Suddenly he realised that Gemma was not talking anymore and was instead staring at him with her mouth slightly curved at the corners.

"Would you like me to repeat anything, Jeffrey?" she said.

He shook his head. "I understood enough, Gemma. I appreciate the magnitude of my task and I am very grateful that the Queen has chosen me to be her man in this."

"Good," Gemma smiled broadly. "The Queen will be delighted to hear it."

A brief moment of silence passed between them during which Jeffrey became aware of the dull ache in his balls once more. They yearned to be emptied. He would have to hurry Gemma out - her presence was turning him on even more and he needed to find someone to help him achieve release soon.

Jeffrey stood up. "Thank you for finding me, Gemma. I suspect you have a long journey back to the Royal Palace, so I will not keep you. You must have been travelling all morning."

"Indeed I was, Jeffrey," she said as she stood too. "I was delayed by my conversation with Princess Isabel before I was able to ride from the castle."

Gemma stepped closer and Jeffrey stretched out his arm to shake her hand.

"She insisted that before I leave, I was to offer you this... gift," she said in a suddenly sultry voice. "She said you had earned it and that I might enjoy it too."

Jeffrey watched wide-eyed as Gemma ignored his outstretched hand and instead sank to her knees. Her hands moved to his buckle and undid it and he could only sigh in pleasure as she pulled loose his pants. His cock sprang free hard and ready within seconds and he groaned loudly as Gemma reached out to grab it.

"Princess Isabel told me that she very much enjoyed herself with this... potent weapon. She suggested I ask you to use it on me but before you do that she insisted that I... well, perhaps I shall show you what she insisted, Sir Knight."

Gemma stared up at him with a wicked glint in her eye as she leaned forwards, her lips parting to take his cock into her mouth. He cried out at the feeling as the beautiful blonde began to suck him. Her tongue slid up and down the sides of his shaft and he could not help but reach out to place a hand on her head.

She sucked his cock for a good few minutes, alternating bobbing her head with licking and kissing her way down the sides of his member and swirling her tongue around his tip. She was very good at it.

Soon Jeffrey could take no more. If Gemma kept up such an expert blowjob he would cum in her mouth and his cock instead yearned to be buried inside a nice tight cunt. He reached down, guiding Gemma to her feet and the messenger moved willingly. She pressed herself against him and kissed him passionately, wrapping her arms around his back. He held her close to him too as he returned the kiss.

Suddenly she stepped away and grinned at him, undoing the golden clasps on her red blazer. She slid it from her shoulders revealing a white collared undershirt and as Jeffrey watched she unbuttoned that and tossed it aside too. Her torso was naked now and Jeffrey stared in wonder at the sight of her beautiful big tits. Before he could stop himself he had stepped forwards and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth.

She moaned and reached down to tug on his cock as he played with her breasts and before long Jeffrey stood back up. He placed his hand on her shoulder and turned Gemma around. She grinned wickedly before bending over and placing her arms on the back of the sofa, causing her ass to stick out towards him. Jeffrey pushed up her short skirt, revealing her pussy, and he lined up his cock.

"Oh fuck, Gemma," Jeffrey moaned as his member sank into her wonderful cunt. She felt so good that he was soon moving quite quickly and Gemma seemed to appreciate that.

She hunched forwards, her big tits dangling beneath her as Jeffrey fucked her from behind. He held her skirt up with one hand and grabbed her bare ass with the other one, kneading the wonderful flesh. He could feel his magic cock throbbing as his release got closer and closer.

Gemma was enjoying herself too. She did not seem to care that this house was full of servants and she was crying out loudly but then again she might not have been able to stop herself. Jeffrey knew the effect that his magic cock had on his partners. Still his staff were well used to such noises of passion and they never disturbed him or mentioned them.

The blonde messenger was shaking slightly now as Jeffrey hammered his hips into her. Her tits swung wildly on her chest and he stared at her with delight. She looked gorgeous bent over the sofa and he thanked Princess Isabel for sending such a beautiful woman who would love receiving his cock as much as he would love giving it to her.

Suddenly he felt Gemma's cunt narrow and he knew that she was right on the verge of her orgasm. He was almost there too and he thumped his hips even harder against the blonde. His magic cock twitched and the moment arrived.

Gemma shrieked out her orgasm as she came around his cock, her cunt spasming along the length of his member as his cum spurted deep inside her. She shook as pleasure nearly overwhelmed her and he knew she was coming harder than she had ever come before in her life. His partners always did. Not that he was thinking about it too much as intense pleasure pulsed through him too as his jizz pumped eagerly into Gemma's pussy.

For a while they both rode out their orgasms before eventually the moment came to an end. Jeffrey stepped back with a contented sigh, his magic cock sated for a few hours at least, and began to buckle his belt. Gemma quivered a moment still bent over before shakily pushing herself upright. She grinned at him as she reached for her shirt.

"Princess Isabel was right about you, Sir Knight," she said at last, still breathlessly. "I am glad I took her advice."

He laughed, slight regret in his eyes as she buttoned her shirt past her beautiful tits. "I am glad too. And her gift so expertly delivered."

Gemma giggled. "Thank you. I shall inform her that your weapon is no less... potent. She will be pleased to hear it."

"Will you stay for dinner? I must leave now, but I'm sure something can be prepared for you."

"A welcome offer but I should return to the Royal Palace, Jeffrey," she replied as she pulled on her blazer. "My task is complete, my gift delivered, and I have been well and truly, well, fucked. A good day." She grinned again.

"A good day indeed," he agreed with a broad smile.

He walked Gemma to her horse before setting about saddling Swift. The two of them rode to the main road together before parting ways. Watching her go a moment he turned Swift and headed west.

He had a Duchess to visit.