 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, was worried. A few minutes before, a fearful shout had gone up from one of the treasure hunters working on the magical tower, and now they were all congregating around the base of the mysterious building. Something felt wrong.

He rushed over and found them gathered around the same hole he had seen them digging earlier. He had not thought they would find anything but obviously he was wrong. Among their number was Issara, who was peering into the hole.

"It's down there," a man said to the beautiful elven mage.

Issara looked at him. "What was it you saw? Tell me everything."

"Dunno, Issara," he said with a shrug. "It's like a black fog or something. The shovel we were digging with... it just vanished into it."

"The shovel disappeared?"

"Yeh. The part that touched the fog, anyway. Just gone, like it never existed. So I ain't touching that black fog, and neither are any of the other lads."

"Is that all?"

The man looked a little shifty for a moment. "Er, not quite. The thing is, ever since we touched it, it's been growing."

She stood staring at the hole for a moment, clearly deep in thought. Eventually she spoke.

"I sense power beyond that miasma. Immense, destructive power. Power so great that if it is not stopped it threatens to sweep across this land. Someone will have to pass through that black fog and see what is on the other side. And they need to do so quickly."

Jeffrey swallowed, sudden fear in his blood. This was bad. Jeffrey was not a stupid man and he knew danger when he saw it.

"So," Issara said slowly. "Who is going in?"

All of the treasure hunters shrank back. Clearly none of them were interested in trying. Jeffrey knew there was nothing else for it. As a Knight of the Land he had to be brave.

"I will, Issara," he said.

The red-haired elf turned to him with surprise, obviously unaware that he had been there. "Are you sure, Jeffrey?"

He nodded. "I am."

"It does not surprise me that you are the only one to volunteer," she said, glancing at the assembled treasure hunters with disdain. "You're the only real man here, Jeffrey."

He appreciated her compliment but had other things on his mind. Like being potentially erased from existence by falling into a temporal rift. He moved to the hole.

"Well, here it goes," he said then climbed in.

It was dark in the tunnel but it did not take him long to see the miasma. He paused before it. It was definitely growing. Slowly but surely it was creeping towards him in the tunnel. With a deep breath he crawled into it.

A horrible spinning sensation came over him and he felt like he was going to be violently sick. Round and round his head seemed to go. He felt like he was tumbling through nothingness.

Suddenly he felt himself land against hard stone. He groaned and opened his eyes and realised he was in a small room with stone walls. It was dark except for ethereal lamps on the walls that flickered with ghostly flames. Half a shovel lay on the ground nearby.

He pushed himself to his feet and looked around. Sudden movement made him whirl and he had to suppress a yelp at what he saw. A ghostly woman stood there, her form indistinct and hazy.

"I mean you no harm," the ghost said. "Though you are in grave danger nonetheless, stranger."

Jeffrey paused. "I am named Sir Jeffrey Trailson, and I am a Knight of the Land. Where am I? And why am I in danger?"

"You are in my tower, sir knight. Your colleague above ground breached the sorcerous barrier I erected with his shovel. It had grown weak as my power faded, and could not withstand the blow. So whilst what's left of my magic here is preventing you from being obliterated, I cannot stop the temporal rupture from spreading, now the wound has been opened."

"Who are you?"

The ghostly woman seemed to smile, though it was difficult to tell. "Why, the mage who lives here. I am called Mylia. Follow me." The figure paused, then shook with silent laughter. "I forget that you do not share my... intangibility. The bookshelf in the far corner is a secret entrance to my study. Push it aside."

Then the ghost walked straight through the bookshelf. Jeffrey hurried over and started to pull it to the side. With the right leverage it slid across easily.

Beyond was a small but well-stocked study. In the middle of the room was a pedestal, with a giant ruby lying seemingly discarded on the floor next to it. Jeffrey walked in.

"The scene of my shame," the ghost said, gesturing at the pedestal. "That ruby is my temporal anchor. It was what kept me rooted in my timeline whilst I practiced my chronomancy. But one day I grew careless, and temporal feedback blew it from its perch. The tower has been lost in time ever since."

"You're a chronomancer?" Jeffrey gasped. He had always been told that the magic of time manipulation was the rarest and most difficult form of sorcery.

"A bad one, apparently," the ghost sighed. "This tower is now unanchored. It has been drifting in and out of time for what seems like months to me, but has probably been far longer in actuality. Tell me, what year is it?"

Jeffrey answered.

Mylia shook her head sadly. "Then I have drifted far indeed. That explains why I am fading." She stared down at her ghostly hands. Then she seemed to collect her thoughts and continued.

"But this is not the moment for me to mourn. As long as my tower is where it doesn't belong, it puts both my own timeline and yours in grave danger. The interactions of those temporal elements will consume them both. If unchecked, everything in a fifty league radius with be erased from existence."

Jeffrey's eyes went wide with horror. "I must stop that, Mylia! What can I do?"

"I need you to go back to my timeline, Jeffrey. There you must travel to my tower and place that ruby on the pedestal in my study. That will anchor this place back where it belongs and avert disaster," Mylia said.

"Then I will go," Jeffrey replied without hesitation. He could not let something bad happen if he could try to stop it. "How do I start?"

"Pick up that stone and stand very still. But know this: my weakened power allows me only to send you back in time. I cannot return you to the present unless you succeed. And if you fail, then we all be eradicated."

Jeffrey swallowed and walked over to the ruby on the floor. He picked it up and placed it in his pack. Then he stood tall and straightened his armour before turning back to Mylia.

"I'm ready."

"Good luck, brave sir knight. Our future rests on you."

Jeffrey opened his mouth to respond but before he could speak Mylia had lifted her hands and suddenly blackness engulfed him. He felt like he was spinning and falling once more. He fell for what seemed like almost a minute until sudden light blinded him.

His eyes adjusted and he realised it was daylight. All around him were trees and buildings and he guessed he was in some sort of town. Well, it would be more accurate to say that he was above some sort of town because he was still falling. Fast. He started to scream.

He flailed his limbs as he plummeted to the ground. He was heading straight for a stall of some sort. As it grew closer it looked to Jeffrey like there were cakes and loaves of bread laid out on it. A woman with red hair stood by the stall and she looked up at his screams and her eyes went wide. She jumped back from the stall just as Jeffrey crashed through its canopy.

The cloth broke his fall but did not stop him from landing in a great heap on the stall which tipped over beneath him and sent the pretty cakes scattering in all directions. He lay there a moment groaning in pain.

Then he blacked out.

When Jeffrey awoke he found himself lying under the sheets in a strange bed. He had been stripped of his armour and shirt but his pants were still on. He tried to sit up, but the effort left him dizzy. He felt exhausted and he didn't know whether that was from the time travel or the fact that he had fallen head first into a market stall. Probably a mixture of both.

Suddenly the door opened and he turned his head to the noise. A woman with shoulder-length wavy red hair was walking in backwards having pushed open the door with her ass. She looked to be carrying a tray.

When she turned to him his eyes opened wide. It was the woman he'd seen by the market stall moments before he had fallen unconscious!

And even in his current state, Jeffrey could tell that the redhead was incredibly hot. She had piercing blue eyes and a huge pair of tits. She looked to be in her early-thirties and as far as he could tell was probably around 5'4". She was wearing a tight red corset that pushed up her epic breasts, and a long black skirt that covered her slender legs.

It was then that the woman realised he was a awake. She smiled broadly and came over to him, setting down the tray on the bedside table and sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Good evening, sir knight," she said pleasantly. "I'm glad to see you're awake."

"Where... where am I?" Jeffrey said weakly.

"You're in my bedroom," she replied, then giggled. "Although I must admit, this is not quite what I'd had in mind when I dreamed of getting a handsome knight beneath my sheets."

He opened his mouth to speak but couldn't find the energy. He was totally exhausted.

"Drink this, sir knight," the woman said, helping him to sit up and handing him a cup of a sharp smelling drink. "It'll help you recover."

He took a sip and felt a tingle on his tongue that started to spread through the rest of his body. He realised that it was a magical healing potion so he swigged the rest of it back. Almost immediately he started to feel better. He was still tired but the extreme exhaustion fled from his limbs and his headache went away.

It was then that he realised how horny he was. The healing potion had rejuvenated him and now his balls now yearned to be emptied, preferably into the hot redhead sitting on the edge of the bed. A bulge formed in his pants and he was sure she would notice it.

"Thank you, my lady," he said, trying to distract himself. "I feel much better. I am Sir Jeffrey Trailson, and I am in your debt. May I ask the name of my saviour?"

She grinned. "I am Harriet, Sir Jeffrey, and I am no saviour. All I did was put you to bed and prepare a meal. Speaking of which..."

She leant over and collected a plate of bread and cheese from the tray she had brought in. She passed it to him and Jeffrey eagerly started to eat.

"This is delicious," he said between mouthfuls. "Thank you."

She laughed sweetly. "I hope so, because it is all I have left of the batch I baked this morning. The rest is now scattered all over the street."

He grimaced. "I'm genuinely sorry about that."

"It's alright," she said. "I was going to make more tomorrow regardless. I'm just glad to see you're well."

A moment's silence passed between them as Jeffrey ate. When he was done she took the empty plate from him and returned it to the tray. Then she turned back to him.

"Jeffrey, why did you fall out of the sky?"

He considered his answer. He knew he could not tell her the whole truth as he needed to try to stay as inconspicuous as he could. Besides which he didn't think she would believe him anyway. Then he had an idea.

"A mage cast a teleportation spell on me. I guess it went slightly wrong," he said at last. He wasn't really lying, either - he just didn't mention that he was transported over time as well as distance.

"Maybe you should have a word with that mage before you ruin more of my cakes!" she laughed. Then she grinned and Jeffrey thought he noticed a naughty glint in her eyes. "Now, Jeffrey, has your strength returned?"

He nodded. "It has, thank you."

"Good," she said. "Because we must discuss how you will repay me for the damage you did to my stall, plus recompense for the loss of today's remaining cakes."

"Of course, Harriet," Jeffrey said seriously. "I can pay for any damage that I did to your property, and more to cover the cakes I destroyed."

"I'm not looking for gold. You did no real damage to the stall, bar the torn canopy which I can repair myself, and I already told you I will be baking again in the morning."

"Then what is it can I do to make up for it?"

She smiled naughtily. "Between preparing the bread and running the stall, I do not get much time for the company of attractive men, Jeffrey. Which means I must take full advantage of the few opportunities which do happen to arise. It seems to me that this is one such opportunity - it is not every day that a handsome knight falls out of the sky and into my bed."

The hot redhead placed a hand on his chest and started to trace it lower. She leaned forwards until their faces were inches apart.

"The erection you're trying to hide tells me you find me attractive, too. So if you really want to repay me for the inconvenience you have caused, sir knight... then fuck me senseless."

Then she kissed him, tenderly at first but soon it grew in passion until they were truly making out.

Jeffrey was delighted at the prospect of fucking the hot baker. He grabbed her ass and hauled her onto top of him, enjoying the way her huge tits pressed against his chest. Their tongues battled as he let his hands wander over her sexy body.

Suddenly Harriet grinned, breaking the kiss and moving to straddle his chest. He guided her further forwards and she bit her bottom lip as she lifted her skirt to show she wasn't wearing any underwear. Then he pulled her up until she was perched above him before yanking her down onto his face.

"Fuck, Jeffrey..." she moaned, her blue eyes rolling back as his tongue found her pussy. He groaned into her snatch, feasting on her delicate folds and enjoying the way she tasted. She pressed herself back against him and before long was rubbing her cunt against his lips, her clit grazing his tongue whenever she did so.

She stared down at him, lust and carnal need in her blue eyes. Their eye contact did not break as he hungrily devoured her pussy. Suddenly she reached behind her, loosening the knots to her corset and pulling it off. Her huge tits spilled free and Jeffrey reached up with both hands to grasp and squeeze the delightful globes, enjoying the contrast between the soft flesh of those mounds beneath his fingers and her hard nipples against his palm.

It did not take long for Jeffrey to get what he wanted from the gorgeous redhead. Her eyes rolled back and she screamed out in pure pleasure as she came hard against his face, her juices seeping out around his mouth. He licked her through the orgasm until at last it was done and her gaze refocused on him as she gulped down air.

Jeffrey let her rest a moment before once more wrapping his arms around her waist. She giggled in surprise as he flipped them over so that she was on her back beneath him. He grinned, pulling off his pants and then grabbing her skirt. She lifted her hips to let him tug it from her. Now they were both naked.

He leant down and kissed the blue-eyed beauty as he guided his cock to her snatch. She moaned as it pierced her folds and sank deeper and soon he found his dick fully encased in her silken cunt.

He started to thrust almost immediately, though slowly at first, letting the redhead luxuriate in the feel of his magic cock inside her. Soon however he was moving with passion and Harriet pulled him down for a frantic kiss whilst his cock pistoned into her snatch. Minutes later she screamed out into their kiss and he knew she was coming hard around his cock. Her tunnel twitched and spasmed on his length.

He slowed to let her ride it out but then was thrusting again. She moaned and writhed beneath him as their eye contact did not break and eventually he felt a tightening in his balls that meant he was going to come. However, before he could even voice a warning the moment arrived for Harriet.

"I'm coming again, Jeffrey!" she shrieked, her arms clawing uselessly at the bedsheets as her third orgasm of the night exploded inside her. Her blue eyes rolled back and he felt her pussy clamp down on his member and knew she was coming even harder than before. His magic cock never failed to make sure of that. At the same time his own climax arrived and with a cry of pleasure he emptied his load inside the stunning redhead.

After they were finished he collapsed next to her on the bed, his tiredness returning quickly. She gave him a warm smile and kissed him gently on the lips.

"That was the perfect way of paying me back," she giggled. "But now, sir knight, it is time for you to rest."

He was asleep within moments.