 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, awoke in the morning and realised he was hungry. He slowly got dressed and left the tent, locating a small campfire where some of the guild members were preparing a breakfast. They eyed him with suspicion but did give up some of the food to him when he asked.

He realised Kelly was still on sentry duty, so he brought the food over to her and they ate breakfast together. When they were done eating he stayed with her and chatted until Olig came over and informed her that her shift was completed.

Jeffrey watched her go as she returned to the tent to sleep again. Standing watch overnight had left the blonde militiawoman exhausted and Jeffrey did not blame her for wanting a rest.

Whilst she slept he decided to explore the area around the tower. He wandered over to the flickering building. He was finally getting used to the way it seemed to leap in and out of existence. Wandering its perimeter he found nothing else out of the ordinary. The ground did not seem warped or broken by the appearance of the tower - as if it had always been there.

Yet it was still eerie the way there was nothing beyond the windows but darkness. Jeffrey watched as a man with a large hammer swung it at the glass. The hammer bounced off, leaving the man staggering, and Jeffrey knew that there was definitely something amiss. A few of the guild members had taken it upon themselves to dig down beneath the tower but Jeffrey did not think they would meet with much success.

He spent the morning investigating the tower but did not really make much progress. He did not really expect to in all honesty as he was not a mage but it did seem to him that there was no immediate danger. That relaxed him.

As lunchtime approached he suddenly remembered that he'd promised he would have tea in the morning with the elven mage, Issara. He hurried back to the main encampment where he found the beautiful elf walking to her tent. She smiled broadly at him as he approached, brushing a strand of red hair away from her face.

"Jeffrey!" she said. "There you are. I was wondering if you'd forgotten my invitation."

Her ornate robes were green today but just as tight and revealing as those she'd worn the day before, not doing much to conceal the fact that she had a slender body and lovely big tits. She was about 5'1" and looked to be in her early-twenties. Her eyes were a warm amber colour, and her lustrous red hair fell loose and straight to her shoulders.

"I'm afraid I got caught up in examining the tower and lost track of time," he said at last when his mind had recovered from how gorgeous she was.

"Well, you're here now," she said happily. "So I think we ought to have that tea."

He followed her towards a large tent in the middle of the camp, near Rama's own. She pulled back the flap and gestured him inside and he stepped through.

Issara's tent was wondrous to behold. Not only was it rammed full of various pieces of magical and alchemical equipment, it also smelled faintly of spices and was bedecked with opulence.

He watched as the elf mage started making the tea. She gestured for him to sit on a sofa in the middle of the tent, so he did, finding it surprisingly luxurious. In fact Jeffrey wondered how she'd ever managed to transport it there. Then again she was a mage so he suspected it had something to do with magic, and magic was something he would never really understand.

A short while later Issara brought over the tea in two ornate cups and sat down next to him. He took a cup and smelled the liquid inside. It seemed very rich and heady, not like most tea he had tasted. But then again this was elven tea and so probably very different to what he was used to.

He took a tentative sip and smiled. It was actually very nice indeed.

He realised that Issara was staring at him with a smile on her face. She took a sip of her own tea then spoke. "I find you very interesting, Jeffrey."

He looked at her with confusion. "Interesting? Me?"

She laughed. "Why, yes. In a good way. It's not often I meet a real Knight of the Land. Tell me what it's like."

So as they drank their tea, he did. Issara seemed fascinated as he talked of chivalry and his responsibilities, constantly asking questions about different aspects of his duties. He guessed that since she was an elf and had spent her time in human lands with mercenaries that she had not come across many knights before.

They spoke for a good while, enjoying the other's company as the morning stretched towards afternoon. Around lunchtime Issara fetched some fruits from a case and they ate together. The fruit was fresh and delicious and Jeffrey realised it must have been preserved by magic.

Eventually they got onto discussing Issara's background. Jeffrey found the elven mage an enchanting woman indeed. It seemed that she had been a wizard for many years, and was in fact over forty years old. But since elves aged and matured at half the rate of humans, that meant that she was the equivalent of a human woman in her early-twenties.

And as they talked Jeffrey was sure he picked up on a flirty undercurrent between them. However given that he had not yet had sex that morning he was also growing extremely horny and he suspected that it might have just been wishful thinking on his part. His time in the company of the stunning elf was making him quite uncomfortable and he hoped he did not make a fool of himself by making a move on her when she didn't want it.

After another short while she stood again to make more tea. Jeffrey let his eyes rove over her gorgeous figure as she did so, but that only made his horniness worse. When she returned with fresh cups, Jeffrey tried to distract himself by taking another sip.

"This tea is truly delicious, Issara. A common elven blend?"

"It is indeed. Fresh from the gardens of Quol'tan."

Jeffrey had heard of Quol'tan. It was a beautiful island kingdom far from the coast that stood as a shining beacon of elven prosperity and ingenuity. Many philosophers claimed that elven civilisation had come from that very island and the elves that lived there now liked to pride themselves on that belief.

"Is that your homeland, Issara?"

She smiled. "It is. How did you guess?"

"You speak of it very fondly," he said. "I have not met many elves in my life, but I do know that there are cultural differences between you just like there are amongst humans. As I understand it, those from Quol'tan are more, um..." He struggled to find the word.

"Aloof?" Issara smiled.

Jeffrey's eyes went wide. "No! Not at all. That's not what I meant." He sighed. "Well, I suppose it is what I meant. I hope that doesn't cause any offense."

"None at all, Jeffrey," the beautiful elf laughed. "In fact, you're quite right. Many Quol'tanese elves do tend to regard themselves unnecessarily highly. It is one of the many reasons I am glad to have left, though I still retain some comforts and memories of my upbringing."

"Like the tea."

"Exactly," she said with a smile. "But I don't linger on my past. I left my homeland to explore the world and make new friends. Friends like you." She shifted closer to him.

Jeffrey's balls twitched. So it hadn't been wishful thinking: she really was flirting with him. He set down his cup and she did the same, and his magic cock throbbed as he met Issara's gaze. Her intent was obvious from the lustful glow in her amber eyes.  

"Issara, I can't help but feel that you did not really invite me here to drink tea."

"That's not quite true," she said with a naughty smile. "I fully intended to start with tea."

Jeffrey grinned. "But how did you intend to finish?"

She reached out and pressed her palm against his cock through his pants, beginning to trace the outline of his dick with her delicate fingers. Then she leaned close until their faces were only inches apart.

"With us having sex."

Suddenly she was kissing him. Jeffrey was surprised by the unexpected motion but returned it eagerly, enjoying the way their tongues started to duel lustfully as their passion increased.

Before long however Issara pulled away, instead slipping from the sofa and moving to kneel between his legs. With a naughty glint in her eyes, she loosened his pants and pulled his now-hard cock free. He groaned as she sucked his head into her mouth.

Whilst her mouth was occupied the beautiful mage used her hands to pull off his boots, then worked his pants down his legs. He took off his shirt at the same time and soon he was totally naked. She remained in her tight robes but the angle meant that he had a great view of both her wonderful cleavage and her pretty face as she hungrily devoured his cock. Her amber eyes never broke contact with his gaze.

For a minute or so he simply lay there whilst Issara did wonderful things to him with her mouth. She made sure every inch of his cock was coated with her saliva as she bobbed her head, and every so often she would pull off to kiss down his sides and tease his balls with her tongue.

Soon he could take no more and he guided her head from his member. She grinned, standing up and leaning forwards to kiss him again.

"You want me to stop, Jeffrey?" she asked with a wicked grin.

He reached out, finding the knots to her dress and starting to loosen it. "What I want, Issara, is to fuck you."

The gorgeous elf giggled with a mischievous glint in her eyes, then took over from Jeffrey in removing her dress. He groaned as she wiggled out of it leaving her totally nude before him. Then she stepped close, throwing a leg over his lap so that she straddled him and angled her pussy with his cock.

She sat down and he moaned at the feeling of her velvet snatch welcoming him in. Her tunnel stroked his cock every inch of the way as he nestled inside her and soon his dick was fully encased by her hot tight walls.

She started to move immediately, her knees on the cushions of the sofa either side of his thighs. She bounced her hips and Jeffrey enjoyed the way it made her big tits shake right in front of his face. He could not resist but grasp those globes with one hand and tease her hard nipples with his tongue.

"Yes, Jeffrey, play with my tits!" the gorgeous redhead moaned, moving faster. He did as he was told, squeezing and kneading her sensitive breasts with one hand whilst his other hand roved over her ass, hips and back, enjoying the elf's soft skin.

Soon she was riding him with abandon, screaming out her pleasure. He grabbed her head and pulled her in for a frantic kiss and their tongues battled as they revelled in each other's pleasure. He knew he was close and he stared into her eyes as he groaned. 

"I'm going to come," he said through gritted teeth, starting to be overwhelmed by his proximity to orgasm. Her tight elven cunt felt so good that he knew he wouldn't last much longer.

"Me too, Jeffrey! I want you to fill me with your cum!"

Issara got her wish moments later, and Jeffrey cried out in ecstasy as his orgasm hit. Pleasure seared through him, his spunk erupting powerfully from his magic cock, rope after rope of his jizz spurting violently into the elven redhead's womb. His balls twitched, eagerly emptying themselves inside the busty mage.

At the exact same time he felt her tunnel clutch and spasm against his dick and knew that she was coming too. Her amber eyes rolled back and a ragged scream was torn from her lungs as she came so hard she could barely think. Jeffrey knew her orgasm was probably stronger than any she had ever had before, as was always the way with his magic cock. He wrapped his arms around the gorgeous mage and held her close as they both rode out their climaxes.

When their orgasms finally faded she slumped against him with a giggle before finally climbing off. She collapsed back onto the couch next to him and smiled, evidently still slightly dazed from the extreme power of her climax.

Jeffrey smiled to himself as he gazed at her beautiful flushed naked body, then reached for his tea.

He was glad he'd stopped by her tent.