 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, sighed with contentment as he finished the delicious breakfast that had been brought up to his room. He had just put the tray back on the dresser in the corner when there was a knock on the door.

"Are you ready, Jeffrey?" said Winston from the other side of the door. "The deputy of the militia is here to lead you to the tower."

Jeffrey was not ready. Not at all. He had totally lost track of time.

In fact he was completely naked.

"Nearly!" he lied, frantically looking around. "I won't be long."

"Alright, I'll see you downstairs," he heard Winston say.

Jeffrey grimaced. He needed to hurry.

He was just reaching for his armour to start getting dressed when there was another knock on the door, but this time it abruptly swung open. Jeffrey was startled, quickly grabbing a sheet to cover up his nakedness.

That was until he saw Bethany slipping in and shutting the door behind her. She was wearing a black skirt and a white frilly top that was cut low to reveal the wonderful cleavage of her lovely big tits. And her green eyes were sparkling with lustful mischief.

"Winston said you were getting ready to go," she said with a sultry smile. "I wanted to give you a goodbye kiss."

Jeffrey laughed. Given that he was always horny in the morning he was not about to complain when a beautiful young woman snuck into his room for some fun. And although he was already late his magic cock did not care in the slightest about that. He walked over to her and placed a hand on her waist, suddenly not bothered by his nakedness any more. 

"I like the sound of that," he grinned, then kissed her tenderly on the lips.

Soon the kiss became more passionate and she looped her arms about his neck and their tongues pushed into each other's mouths. His cock stirred and quickly started to grow hard.

After a minute or so she broke the kiss. She stared up at him with her green eyes sparkling with amusement. "That was lovely. But it wasn't kissing your mouth I was talking about," she winked, then dropped to her knees.

Jeffrey groaned loudly as without another word she sucked the tip of his thick cock into her mouth. Immediately she began to devour his length, welcoming more of him between her lips until soon she was bobbing her head luxuriously on his member. The gorgeous brunette looked amazing on her knees in front of him and he simply stood there and enjoyed the excellent blowjob she was giving him.

However, after a few minutes he felt the tightening in his balls that meant he was going to come soon. He voiced a warning in case Bethany had another destination in mind for his load.

It turned out she did. She pulled her head from his cock and instead stood up, once more kissing him passionately. This time she reached behind her and undid the knots to her white top, shrugging out of it before hurriedly undoing her skirt and sliding it down her legs. Soon she was completely naked just like Jeffrey and he let his palms rove over her wonderful body, before grasping and squeezing her big tits.

He would have loved to spend all day kissing and exploring her body but he knew he did not have much time. With that in mind he grabbed her ass and lifted her up and carried her to the bed where he placed her on the edge of the mattress. She grinned at him naughtily and spread her legs, revealing her glistening pink pussy.

He moved so that he was standing between her parted legs, then grasped his blowjob-wet dick with one hand and pushed inside her. He adored the way her green eyes rolled back as his magic cock sank into cunt and the sound of her long moan of pleasure was music to his ears. For a moment he simply revelled in the wonderful sensation of being hilted inside the busty brunette then slowly started to thrust.

She reached up and pulled him down for a kiss and Jeffrey obeyed. The kiss was hungry and passionate as his thrusts sped up and soon he was fucking Bethany with vigour. 

However her position perched on the edge of the bed was a little precarious especially with the way he was pounding her so Jeffrey guided Bethany onto her back. She wrapped her legs around him at the same time which enhanced the angle of their penetration and he could tell she was loving their sex just as much as he was.

"Oh my God, I'm going to come..." she whimpered, finally breaking the kiss.

Jeffrey grunted, knowing he was close too. The entire bed shook with their powerful lovemaking and he stared into her wide green eyes as his cock twitched.

"Gods... yes!" Bethany shrieked moments later as her pussy seized hold of his dick, a huge orgasm erupting inside of her. "I'm coming so hard on your cock, Jeffrey!"

Moments later his own climax hit. His hot spunk flooded her womb as his member pulsed, his balls making sure to leave every last drop of his jizz deep inside her.

Eventually the moment passed and he slowly withdrew his dick. Bethany looked up at him with awestruck eyes and a broad grin. She took a moment to collect herself before finally speaking.

"You'll need to make sure you visit me again," she giggled, slipping from the mattress and getting dressed. "Now, I'll leave you to get ready. I understand Winston has asked you to do something brave and important for him. Whatever it is, please be careful."

She gave him a final kiss and then slipped from the room. Once again Jeffrey found himself alone. He realised with a start that Winston was still waiting for him and was probably getting very impatient. Bethany had been a wonderful distraction, but a distraction nonetheless.

In other words, Jeffrey was now very late.

He quickly climbed into his armour and finished gathering the rest of his belongings into his pack. That done, he headed outside where Winston was standing with a woman Jeffrey had never seen before.

"Jeffrey, there you are!" Winston said, exasperated. "You took so long I was starting to worry. How can it take almost an hour to get dressed?"

"Sorry," Jeffrey mumbled back, unable to think of a quick excuse. However he certainly did not want to tell the truth. 'Sorry I'm late, I was fucking your little sister's brains out' was probably not a wise thing to say.

"Well, you're here now," Winston continued. "This is Kelly, the deputy of the local militia and your guide to the tower."

She extended a hand. "Nice to meet you, Sir Jeffrey," she said with a smile.

As he shook her hand he got a better look at her. She was a startlingly beautiful young woman in her mid-twenties. Her wavy blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail, a few ringlets loose and groomed to frame her face. She had brown eyes that suited her features and from what he could see of her figure she was about 5'11" and possessed a lovely pair of large breasts on her slender body. She wore tight leather armour bedecked with various straps and buckles, clearly prepared for a journey into the wilderness. 

"Nice to meet you too, Kelly," Jeffrey replied. Despite having only minutes before pumped Bethany full of his cum, he already felt the familiar stir in his balls from being so close to a woman as beautiful as Kelly.

Soon Swift had been brought round from the stables and Jeffrey mounted his horse. Kelly did the same with her stallion and with a final farewell from Winston the two new companions rode off. It did not take long until they were leaving town on the north road, if a little later in the day than originally intended.

Jeffrey did feel quite guilty about how late they were. He apologised for making them late and Kelly shook her head with a wry smile, saying it was alright, delays can happen to anyone. He was grateful that she wasn't annoyed. In fact, she was wonderful company. She was witty and good-natured and Jeffrey found talking to her a pleasure. They chatted as they rode and he learned more about her.

He found out that she'd been in the local militia for almost exactly a decade, having signed up as soon as she turned sixteen. She'd risen quickly to her current rank of deputy. As a Knight of the Land, Jeffrey knew how militia chapters were organised. Each region had its own captain, who then had deputies assigned to each local area within their region. That made Kelly very senior within the local militia despite her young age. 

Then the conversation turned to him and he explained some of his past and his adventures, though of course his discretion meant he always left out the parts where he had sex with numerous beautiful women. Kelly seemed genuinely interested and the time flowed easily as they travelled.

Soon they came to a fork in the road. In one direction the road remained wide and well-travelled but in the other it was slightly less so. The trees closed in tighter and Jeffrey got the impression not too many people passed that way anymore. He was not therefore surprised when that was the road Kelly led him on.

It grew darker as they rode. Partly because the sun was stretching into afternoon but also because the tall trees filtered out a lot of the sunlight. Still it was actually quite pleasant because Jeffrey always enjoyed the wilderness.

However as evening arrived Jeffrey realised that they would have to stop for the night. It was getting too dark and it wasn't fair on the horses to expect them to see in such poor light. Kelly realised that too and guided her mount into a clearing off the side of the trail. She dismounted and reached for her pack, then started to set up her tent.

"It's only a few more hours to the tower, but it's too dark to keep going now. We'll have to stay here until tomorrow," she said. "I really thought we'd make it today. If only we'd left the village on time, Jeffrey." She fixed him with a playful glare.

"I'm sorry," he said. "Is there some way I can make it up to you?"

"Oh, I'm sure there is," she said with a smile, a naughty look flashing across her face. Jeffrey had seen that same look from many other women in the past and it was always a good sign. His cock throbbed.

Then she had finished setting up her tent. She stood up and turned to him.

"I see you've not even started on your tent, Jeffrey. Are you hoping to share mine tonight?"

He spluttered and went to grab his pack so he could get his tent ready.

"Don't worry about that," she laughed. "If you want to be useful, get a small fire ready."

With that task in mind Jeffrey spent a few minutes collecting firewood. Another few minutes after that he had a small campfire going and Kelly was cooking a small pot of food. He was just about to start setting up his tent when Kelly distracted him again. 

"Our food is ready," she said, gesturing him to sit next to her. She had dug out two bowls and filled them with the cooked vegetables and salted fish.

The delicious smell alone was enough to have him obeying and he quickly sat down at her side and started to eat. When they had finished eating he realised that night had arrived completely and it was now much too dark to set up his tent. He cursed under his breath.

Kelly smiled. "Something the matter, Jeffrey?"

"I still haven't set my tent up."

"Oh no, you haven't," she said with obviously fake innocence. "It looks like you'll have to share mine tonight after all." She grinned naughtily. "If we're going to have to camp for the night all alone out here together, we might as well make it worthwhile."

Jeffrey could hold back no longer. He placed one hand on the back of her head and kissed her, not caring about the consequences if he had misread the situation. He was far too horny for that. So a heady mix of relief and lust flooded through him when the sultry blonde kissed him back. Her tongue pushed into his mouth and she tugged him close as their passion grew.

After a few moments making out Kelly pulled away and stood up from the campfire, grabbing his hand and leading him into her tent. There she kissed him again and they started to undress one another. It did not take long until they were both naked, their armour casually discarded.

Jeffrey moaned at the sight of her delicious naked form. Her large breasts called out to his hands and he did not want to disappoint them so he reached out to squeeze and tease the wonderful mounds.

But Jeffrey wanted more. He wanted to taste her. He guided her flat, then pushed her thighs apart and started to hungrily eat her cunt. Kelly writhed and moaned at the feeling and he made sure to thoroughly explore every inch of her sensitive folds with his lips and tongue.

"Keep doing that and I'll come, Jeffrey!" she moaned.

That was music to his ears so he kept doing exactly what he was doing. Moments later the busty deputy came hard against his face, a loud scream torn from her lungs. He lapped at her juices as they dribbled from her pussy with her orgasm.

Then he climbed her body and kissed her again this time angling his magic cock with her cunt. She groaned as he pushed inwards and wrapped her hands around his back to pull him closer to her. Almost immediately he was thrusting and he enjoyed the way the gorgeous blonde sobbed in pleasure at the feeling of his magic cock inside her.

Soon he was hammering his hips into her. Her large breasts quivered with each impact causing her nipples to graze his chest, and her ponytail had started to come loose and dishevelled. Somehow this just made her hotter and he could tell from the glaze in her brown eyes that she was going to come again soon. It didn't surprise him - the incubus magic in his member never failed to get a woman off harder than she had ever come before.

"Don't stop, Jeffrey. Don't stop!" she sobbed.

He chuckled. He had no intention of doing so, not when she was so close.

He kept fucking her hard until he got his reward. She screamed out, her hands clawing at his back as her orgasm exploded inside of her. Her body twitched and jerked and he could feel her tunnel spasming around his dick as her brown eyes rolled back in utter ecstasy. He grunted and joined her in release, cum bursting from his cock to paint her womb with his jizz.

At length their orgasms had passed and he slumped down drinking in air. She lay there too, clearly very sated and exhausted in the aftermath of their passionate sex.

After a minute Kelly giggled.

"I'm glad we didn't make the tower today."