 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, woke in the early morning to find the bed empty. The dawn's first rays were shining through the shutters and he clambered sleepily from the sheets, slowly standing up. It was then that he caught the smell of bread baking and his stomach let out a loud growl. For you see Jeffrey was very hungry as it was now around breakfast time.

He stepped out of the bedroom still totally naked and followed the smells down the corridor until he came to a wooden door that was slightly ajar. He pushed it open and stepped inside. The stone walls and large oven made Jeffrey realise that he was in the kitchen. An assortment of fresh bread and pastries on the counter as well as those still baking in the oven itself indicated that Harriet had already started preparing for the day ahead.

"Oh, Jeffrey, I hope I didn't wake you," he heard Harriet say, and he turned to see her adding the finishing touches to some delicious-looking cakes.

He grinned at the sight of the busty redhead. She was wearing a long flour-covered apron but absolutely nothing else. He could see her bare ass and as she twisted to look at him he could also see her stiff nipples poking out through the apron.

He realised he should respond so he smiled at her and shook his head. "You didn't wake me. I was already getting up." His smile broadened into a grin. "Do you always cook naked?"

"I'm not naked, I have my apron on," Harriet chastised playfully. "But no, I don't. Truthfully, I only did it this morning because I was going to bring you a cake for breakfast and surprise you."

"Ah, sorry to ruin it."

Harriet giggled. "You didn't." Then she picked up a cake and walked towards him. "Here, eat this. I baked it for you."

Jeffrey thanked her and took the cake before hungrily digging in.

"This is delicious, Harriet. It would have made a lovely surprise," he said.

She smiled. "Good! I'm glad." Then her mouth twisted into a naughty smile. "But that wasn't the surprise. This was..."

With that she dropped to her knees, reaching out to grasp Jeffrey's cock. He spluttered as she did so, staring down at her with lustful awe as she wrapped her lips around his tip and started to stroke him to hardness. Soon he was at full mast and she started to really pleasure him with her mouth. He reached over to set the cake down on the counter so he could give her his full attention.

"Don't you dare," she said, pulling her head from his cock. "Finish that cake and just enjoy yourself."

He did not want to disobey the sultry cook so he leaned back against the wall and delighted in things. He absently ate the tasty cake whilst Harriet delivered an expert blowjob. She bobbed her head on his dick, wetting his shaft with her saliva, and he groaned around mouthfuls of sweet pastry as she did so.

Soon he had finished his breakfast and he stared down at her, stroking both hands through her hair. But his magic cock wanted more than just a blowjob, so he guided his lover to her feet and kissed her passionately.

Eventually she broke the kiss, twisting away from him and bending over the counter, presenting her ass to him. He took the hint and stepped closer, grabbing his cock and neatly spearing her eager cunt. She moaned and pushed back against him.

Jeffrey started slow, enjoying the pace of their morning sex. He found the fact that she was still wearing her apron incredibly sexy and he slid a hand beneath the loose garment to grasp one of her heavy tits. Her body rocked with the slow movements of his hips as he fucked her.

"Gods, Jeffrey, you're going to make me come all over your cock!" she moaned suddenly, turning her face to stare at him.

He liked the sound of that so he sped up, his hips hammering against the redhead's gorgeous body. Her tits swung beneath the apron and he alternated between kneading the wonderful mounds and holding her hips.

After a short while he felt her pussy start to tense and moments later she screamed out her pleasure as a huge orgasm exploded inside her. Her blue eyes went wide and he delighted in the sight of her mammoth climax even as his own arrived.

"Yes!" he bellowed as his cum burst forth from his magic cock, coating her walls with its seed. When at last their pleasure faded, he pulled out of the cook with a satisfied sigh. She pushed herself upright and straightened her apron.

"I hope you enjoyed your surprise as much as I did," she giggled. "But now, sadly, I must get on with my baking."

Jeffrey left her to her work and returned to the bedroom to wash. Soon he was dressed.

He left the bakery half an hour later. Harriet gave him a lingering kiss and a naughty wink when he did so before thrusting a pack filled with bread into his hands. He thanked her for her kindness and then was on his way.

He left the town on the northern road and soon found himself alone on the dusty road. He walked for hours and as his feet started to get tired he wondered how Swift was getting on back at the camp. Then he remembered that the mare would not even realise he was gone as barely any time would have passed in the present. Jeffrey was not a stupid man but even so he struggled to get his head around time travel.

He therefore decided not to think too much about it. He was here in the past to complete a quest and that was what mattered. He had to save Mylia in her tower before the whole lot vanished from existence and he would be marooned here.

It was then that he spotted a woman sitting by the side of the road up ahead. After a moment he realised that she was crying. She had her head in her hands and he could see hear her sobs. He hurried towards her.

"What do you want, pest?" she snapped as he got close. "Leave me alone!"

"I'm just here to help if I can, my lady," he said calmly, trying not to upset her further.

She pulled her hands away from her face and even despite the fact that she was crying she was obviously still incredibly beautiful. She had large green eyes and a gorgeous face, framed in wavy brown hair. He guessed that she was in her early-twenties, a few years younger than Jeffrey himself. She actually reminded him slightly of someone he knew in the present, though his mind would not tell him who it was.

The woman glared at him. "You can help me by going away. There's nothing you can do for me."

"There must be something, my lady. I mean no harm."

"Stop calling me a lady!" she shouted suddenly, clambering to her feet. "I'm not a lady! Not anymore!"

Jeffrey took a step back, startled by her sudden anger. He did not know what had set her off. But even despite his shock he could not help but let his eyes quickly scan her figure. She was probably about 5'5", and possessed a pair of wonderfully huge breasts that pushed her heavy brown cloak outwards with their size.

He swallowed and tried to focus on calming this woman down. "I did not mean to offend you, stranger. I apologise if I did."

She sighed as her anger visibly deflated. "I'm sorry for snapping at you, sir knight. I know I am being unreasonable." Then her mood brightened and she smiled. "Alright, you said you wanted to help. Do you have any food?"

He bowed. "I have bread, freshly baked this morning. You are welcome to share it with me." He chuckled pleasantly. "But first, if I cannot call you 'my lady', then I must know your name."

"It is Isabella," she said, extending her hand.

Jeffrey's eyes widened. That was who she reminded him of - Princess Isabel! What an odd coincidence, that they looked so similar and shared almost identical names. But still, Jeffrey was one hundred years in the past, so he knew it could be no more than that.

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Isabella," he said, kissing her outstretched hand. "I am Sir Jeffrey Trailson."

She smiled at him and they ate together. After a while they set off again, heading north. He did not ask where she was going but he guessed it was in the same direction as she seemed to gladly walk beside him.

As they walked they exchanged pleasantries but did not talk much. Jeffrey got the impression that Isabella did not really feel like it, even though he was desperate to know what had made her so upset. Eventually his concern grew too much for him.

"Isabella, I hope you can forgive my impertinence, but why were you crying when we met? Had you been robbed?"

"I had not."

She stopped walking. He paused, gazing at her with concern when he realised that she was crying again.

She took a deep breath before continuing. "Since you ask, Jeffrey, I am a runaway. A vagrant. I was born into a position of responsibility, but rather than face my duty I chose to flee." She lowered her head. "Please, do not judge me too harshly for my cowardice."

But Jeffrey was not heartless. "I do not judge you, Isabella. Everyone thinks of running away sometimes. But tell me, are your family not worried for you? Your friends?"

She looked away. "Probably."

"Then why do you not return to them? Surely your responsibility cannot be so great as to cause you to hurt your loved ones so?"

Jeffrey stepped back in shock as she angrily met his gaze at those words. "You have no idea, Jeffrey! No idea at all! Do not tell me that my duties were not weighing me down. I was not capable of them, and so I left. Do not dare tell me that I was in the wrong!"

Then she stormed off.

Jeffrey hurried to catch back up with her. The air between them was frosty again and so he did not speak for a while, hoping she would calm down. And so they walked in silence as the evening started to set in.

Soon the sun was low and Jeffrey was glad when he saw the familiar shapes of buildings up ahead. It did not take long until they reached the outskirts of a small town. He decided to stop here for the night.

As if reading his mind, she turned to him with a sigh. "You have made me think on things today, Jeffrey. More than I wanted to. Perhaps I should thank you, though I do not feel like it." She grinned. "You make me face truths I would rather hide from."

"I cannot say I am sorry for doing so, Isabella."

She scowled at him. "No, I suspect you are not. Still, we cannot travel any further today. I suggest we stay in this town."

"I agree," he said. "Will you join me for a meal in the tavern? I do not wish us to end the day on bad terms."

She smiled sweetly. "Of course I will, sir knight. Your heart is in the right place, much as I might wish it were not."

However, when they reached the tavern Jeffrey was shocked by how busy it was. In fact, the inn only had one room left. When he mentioned this to Isabella she said she didn't mind sharing as long as he didn't try anything, so he rented the room and went upstairs to get changed.

When he had done so he returned to the common room, where Isabella had ordered food for them both. She had also taken off her cloak, and Jeffrey groaned in delight at the sight of her figure.

It was simply sublime. His earlier assessment had been spot on. She had an amazing body, with lovely slender limbs, a taut stomach and huge tits pushing out the front of her simple grey dress. She wore plain clothes, and as well as the dress there was only a leather belt and brown boots. Her wavy brown hair fell in waves to her shoulders.

Still, he said nothing, trying to suppress his horniness even though it was almost overwhelming him. After all, it had been morning when he'd last found relief. He took his seat beside the gorgeous brunette as their stew was delivered.

Neither himself nor Isabella spoke as they ate, as they were both hungry, and it was only when they had finished and the bowls were taken away that conversation returned. After the exchange of some pleasantries, Jeffrey looked at her seriously.

"Isabella, it is all very well our sitting here, but if you have family worrying for you then you should at least send them a message to let them know that you're safe and well."

She reached out then, placing a gentle finger on his lips to silence him. "Shh, Jeffrey. Do not speak of my flight from responsibility tonight. Not right now. I have the feeling you shall challenge me again in the morning, and I will be made to face the truths of my idiocy. But that comes tomorrow."

She smiled then stood up, coming to stand next to him. "Tonight I want to have fun, to think only about the present. I want to eat, flirt and smile. I want to enjoy myself for the first time in months. And perhaps if I'm really lucky, well..." She leaned forwards, lowering her voice until it was only a whisper in his ear. "Then maybe a handsome knight might take me up to my room and fuck me senseless."

Then she grabbed his hand and tugged him towards the stairs. Jeffrey could not help but follow her - his magic cock simply wouldn't let him turn her down.

It did not take long to reach their bedroom and she pulled him hurriedly inside. As soon as he had shut the door behind him she was kissing him passionately, her fingers slipping beneath his shirt.

As he removed the garment she took off her belt and boots, leaving her only in her dress. And as Jeffrey watched, she tugged it over her head. He groaned as it revealed her glorious naked body. He stepped towards her, kissing her again, letting his hands wander up to grasp her wonderful huge breasts.

He toyed with those mounds for a while before reaching round to cup Isabella's ass and lifting her up, carrying her to the bed. He dropped her down and pushed her legs apart. She did not complain as he fell to his knees and started to hungrily feast on her lovely cunt.

"Oh Jeffrey, that feels so good!" she cried after a few minutes as his tongue lapped at her folds. "You're going to make me come!"

He did not relent, instead sliding two fingers inside her pussy. He wanted her to come against his face and moments later he got his wish. She screamed out her pleasure as a powerful orgasm exploded inside her and her juices seeped out around his face.

But when she was done he knew his magic cock was not satisfied. It needed to be buried inside her tight pussy and he could tell from the look in Isabella's eyes that she wanted that too. He pulled his fingers from her pussy and stood back up, quickly removing his pants and boots so that he was naked too. Isabella watched on in carnal delight as he stripped off.

Then he stepped close, pulling her to the edge of the bed. She held her legs apart and grinned as he angled his cock with her pussy, and her green eyes rolled back as he pushed inwards. Soon he was fully nestled inside her cunt and he groaned in pleasure as he started to thrust.

"You feel so good inside me," she moaned. "Please, fuck me hard with your big cock!"

He did not want to disappoint the gorgeous brunette so he started to fuck her harder, his hips hammering against hers. Her body shook and he could not resist but reach out to grab her huge tits as they wobbled delightfully on her chest. He teased her nipples as he pounded her and she sobbed in pure pleasure.

She sat more upright, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him in for a frantic kiss. Her legs looped around his waist too and he enjoyed the way his thrusts made her tits bounce with every impact. He could feel his balls starting to tighten and knew he was going to come. He broke the kiss and told Isabella so.

"Do it! Fill me with your jizz, Jeffrey!" she moaned. Her hair was dishevelled and she looked absolutely stunning.

"I'm coming!" Jeffrey grunted, his cum exploding into Isabella's eager womb. He could feel rope after rope spraying deep inside her.

The feel of his climax seemed to set off hers because heartbeats later Isabella's green eyes rolled back and she came. Her body twitched and jerked and Jeffrey knew that she was coming harder than she ever had before.

Eventually Isabella unhooked her arms from his neck and slumped backwards onto the bed, exhausted. Jeffrey let her lie there a moment to collect her thoughts before he withdrew his cock from her sated cunt. She moaned and he chuckled, climbing fully onto the bed and lying down. She settled down next to him, her head on his chest.

Less than a minute later they were both asleep.