 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, awoke with a start to the sound of shouting outside. He had not meant to fall asleep since it was only early afternoon. He hurriedly sat upright and saw Isabella sitting by the window. She had got dressed since their tryst and now gazed out onto the street.

 He climbed nakedly from the bed and joined her, then gasped. There were numerous soldiers filling the street with an ornate carriage in their wake. They were clearly looking for someone.

 "Are these your escorts, Isabella?"

 She looked at him and nodded. "Yes."

 Then Jeffrey noticed something. The banner that the soldiers carried was one he had seen before - over the palace in the capital city!

 "Isabella," he said, startled, "that is royal heraldry."

 She glanced away, slightly embarrassed. "Yes it is, Jeffrey. I... um, I have been slightly dishonest with you." Then she met his gaze again. "Well, no, dishonest is the wrong word, as everything I have told you has been true... I have just left out some parts."

 Jeffrey was stunned. He stared wide-eyed at the busty brunette. "What parts did you leave out?"

 She grinned sheepishly. "Well, um, I guess the part where I reveal I'm the queen?"

 "You're the queen?!" Jeffrey cried, reaching out for the windowsill for support.

 Suddenly everything made sense. Isabella looked so much like Princess Isabel from his own time because she was her great-grandmother! Jeffrey remembered that there had indeed been a Queen Isabella in the past. She was known affectionately as "Isabella the Runaway" because she had disappeared for a few days in her early rule. She never said what had changed her mind but one day she just came back and ruled for many years. She was the first queen to hire advisors to help her with her duties and in doing so she guided the queendom into an era of prosperity and peace that was still lasting in Jeffrey's time. And Jeffrey had been fucking her!

 He steadied himself and tried to collect his thoughts. "I can't believe I've been travelling with the queen all this time!"

 "Shh, Jeffrey, someone will hear you!" she said, giggling. "Does it change anything? Your words of wisdom still hold true. My flight from responsibility was not invented. Everything between us is as real as it ever was."

 "Even so..."

 "Even so nothing," she playfully chastised. "We have grown close, Jeffrey. I am more grateful than you could ever possibly know that you found me on that road. This entire queendom is grateful. Without you I would still be running." She smiled. "And besides," she added with a wink, "does it not make all this even more fun, now that you know you were unwittingly fucking royalty all along?"

 He laughed at her words. "I suppose it does, Isabella. And I understand why you felt you could not tell me. I will not hold that against you."

 "Thank you, Jeffrey. I could tell when you saw me that you didn't recognise me, even when I said my name. But as I do not know your heraldry I guessed you were not from these lands. You obviously hail from a different kingdom entirely, and that was why you had no clue who I was. That made you the perfect travelling companion, because your ignorance offered me safety in my flight."

 He bowed. "I am honoured to have helped you, your majesty."

 She grinned. "You can call me Isabella, Jeffrey. Formality isn't really required when you've fucked my brains out. Twice."

 He chuckled. "Very well, Isabella." He sighed sadly. "Then I suppose this is goodbye."

 "Which means that I will have to make these last few moments count," she said, suddenly standing up and crushing herself against him. She kissed him hard and although it took him by surprise somewhat he was soon returning the motion.

 Then she roughly shoved him onto the bed, climbing on after him with a sparkle in her green eyes. Before Jeffrey knew what was happening she had sucked his magic cock into her mouth. She bobbed her head, bringing him to full hardness and he groaned at the feeling. For a minute or two he simply lay there and let her do the work with her wonderful tongue and lips.

 Suddenly she pulled her head from his dick. "You know, I had just planned to suck your cock, since my guards have arrived." She grinned. "But fuck it, they can wait. I'm the queen, after all."

 Then she slipped from the bed and Jeffrey groaned as she pulled off her belt and wiggled out of her grey dress to join him in nakedness. With a grin she climbed back on the bed and straddled him, lifting her hips and angling his cock with her waiting snatch.

 "And if this is the last time we're going to be together, Jeffrey, then I want it to end with me coming all over your cock."

 With that she lowered herself down, her green eyes rolling back as his member pierced her folds and sank into her hot silken tunnel. Jeffrey groaned out too and soon his magic cock was fully nestled inside her cunt. Isabella started to roll her hips.

 It did not take long before she was bouncing on him with more passion, her moans loud in the small room. Her body looked so good above him and he could not help but explore it with his hands.

 "I'm going to miss your big cock," she moaned as she rode him, her eyes glowing with pleasure.

 Suddenly Jeffrey moved, letting go of her tits and instead pulling her down for a frantic kiss. He took the opportunity as their tongues duelled to start moving his own hips and soon he was hammering his cock into her sensitive pussy, groaning as he felt his balls twitch. He delighted in the way the position pressed her lovely body against him.

 Isabella pulled her head away to stare at him with wide-eyed awe. Her face was flushed and he knew she was close.

 "Yes, Jeffrey! Fuck me!" she screamed, and he felt her cunt start to spasm. "Yes! I'm coming!"

 He grunted out his pleasure. At the exact same moment his own orgasm hit, spurt after spurt of hot jizz erupting into Isabella's quivering tunnel. He could feel his lover's cunt spasming and clutching at his dick and knew she was coming incredibly hard, but that was always the way with his magic cock.

 When at last their orgasms faded she climbed off him with a breathless giggle and immediately set about getting dressed again. Soon she had, and she stepped close to him, giving him a long, tender kiss before making for the door.

 "I shall miss you, Jeffrey," she said with a hint of sadness. "Look after yourself."

 Then she was gone.

 Jeffrey climbed out of the bed and slowly got dressed again. He watched Isabella climb into the carriage and take her seat, and as the horses pulled it away he saw her look at him and blow him a kiss with a naughty smile. He grinned.

 He waited about twenty minutes before leaving the tavern, just so no one would realise that he and Isabella had been together. He didn't want scandal following the young queen back to the capital city, not when she was so eager to take up her duties again and this time excel at them.

 When he did finally step onto the street outside there was no sign of Isabella's carriage or her escort. Even the commotion caused by their arrival had died down. With a smile to himself he set off northwards again.

 Soon the road became quite forested and he realised that the trees were growing thicker all around him. He was obviously heading in the right direction and he was pleased by that knowledge. He was not far away now.

 After another hour or so of travelling he came upon a clearing. It was the same clearing that he had left in his own timeline and he stared at the wavering outline of the tower in the middle of the glade. It looked exactly the same as it did in his world.

 He slowly approached the tower and spent a few minutes circling it. The building seemed to waver in and out of existence in this timeline too and he tried not to think about what that meant. After he had completed his circuit he came upon the main entrance and stood looking at it. There was nothing more to do except go inside.

 "Good luck, Jeffrey," he said to himself with a chuckle.

 Despite its incorporeal form the door was still solid to his touch. And unlike in his time, here in the past it opened easily enough. Beyond was an ornate stone entrance hall with a spiral staircase. He took a deep breath and stepped in.

 A strange sensation passed over him and made him shiver as he passed through the doorway and suddenly he found himself standing on solid flagstones. The tower no longer wavered and faded.

 He shook his head, clearing the odd sensation, and instead walked deeper into the tower. It was eerily quiet but that was the least of his concerns. At least it wasn't fading in and out of reality anymore. He started descending the spiral staircase to the basement where he knew Mylia's study was hidden.

 Soon he came to the thick wooden door of the storeroom that he had fallen into in his own timeline. Entering it, he saw the bookshelf on the far wall and pushed it open with a grunt of exertion. It slid away and he stepped through.

 Mylia's study looked the same and Jeffrey glanced around for the pedestal. He found it quickly, then paused. The ruby that rested in his pack was also lying on the floor, the same way it had been when he'd picked it up in the future. It looked identical, right down to the way it reflected the light. But then again, he realised, it was the same stone. Ignoring the implications of that, he placed his own ruby gently on the pedestal as Mylia had told him to do and waited.

 Suddenly an explosion of light caused him to step backwards and shield his eyes. A beam of pure energy was connecting the ruby he had placed on the pedestal to its twin lying on the floor. The second ruby wobbled then lifted, slowly starting to hover in the air. Jeffrey watched on in awe as it started to spin around the first ruby faster and faster all the while getting closer. At last they touched and with a soundless flash the second ruby vanished leaving only the first.

 He doubled over as an unpleasant feeling came over him. It was the same feeling he'd felt when he'd first been sent into the past. He gagged and slumped down to the floor. The room was spinning.

 After a few moments the sensation had passed and he opened his eyes and took a deep breath. Already he was feeling better.

 "You... you did it," said a familiar voice, and he leapt to his feet to face the sound. He gasped.

 A beautiful woman was standing there, straight blonde hair falling over her shoulders to her upper back. Her blue eyes were wide with wonder and surprise and sparkled on her gorgeous face. She was probably about 5'7" and in her late-twenties, and she wore an expensive dress that all the same didn't seem to conceal very much. 

 The long skirt was slit up one side to reveal both an expanse of creamy thigh and her knee-high boots beneath, and the top was stretched over her large breasts, a deep neckline showing off a good amount of cleavage from those big tits. A simple black belt was clasped around her waist.

 "I hoped that you would succeed, Jeffrey, but I did not allow myself to truly believe it," the woman said with disbelief.

 Suddenly Jeffrey realised who this gorgeous woman was. "Mylia, is that you?"

 She grinned. "It is, Jeffrey, yes. I look rather different in the flesh, don't I? I'm not sure being a one-hundred year old ghost really suited me."

 He chuckled, relief washing through him at her words. He had succeeded!

 "Then it is done?"

 "It is," she said happily. "This tower has been anchored where it belongs, I am alive again, and the unravelling of our timelines has been prevented. Disaster has been averted. You are a true hero, Jeffrey."

 Jeffrey smiled with embarrassment at the praise. "It was nothing. All I did was carry a gem to your tower."

 "Nonsense. Your actions have saved not only me, but also many others, in both our timelines. You have shown exceptional courage," the beautiful mage chastised.

 "Actually, I was pretty scared when you sent me back. That's not really how a hero should act."

 "Courage is not the same thing as fearlessness, Jeffrey. Do not confuse the two. You had every reason to be to be scared when I sent you back, yet you conquered that fear and saved many lives."

 He considered her words. What she was saying did make sense. He smiled and stood tall, proud of himself.

 Then he remembered that he was still stuck in the past. He had completed his task and saved the day. Now, finally, he was ready to return to his own timeline.

 "So what happens now?" he said.

 She paused, clearly thinking. "Well, I suppose we send you home." Then the corners of her mouth twisted into a naughty smile. "Unless..."

 Jeffrey noticed the sudden sparkle in her blue eyes and his magic cock twitched at the sight. It was a look many women had given him in the past and he suddenly realised how horny he was.

 "Unless?" he asked.

 She stepped close to him, that naughty smile only growing. "The longer you stay in this timeline, Jeffrey, the more accustomed to it your spirit becomes. In a day or so, I will no longer be able to send you home."

 "Then I must leave right away!"

 "Well, not quite. That moment is at least a day away. In other words, Jeffrey, you can stay a little longer."

 Jeffrey's blood was aflame with lust at the seductive way she was acting. "What is it you're telling me, Mylia?"

 She pressed herself against him and he enjoyed the sight of her big tits squashed up against his armour. She looked at him with her lips parted slightly, lustful need burning in her eyes.

 "I was trapped as a spirit for so long that I had forgotten how invigorating it feels to be alive. I want to relish this moment. I want to feel pleasure again." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "Jeffrey, remind me of what I've been missing. Please... fuck me."

 He did not answer her with words. Instead he kissed her. She yelped into the kiss with surprise but the sound soon became a moan as she kissed him back. She looped her arms around his neck.

 "Take me upstairs," she whispered, and he carried her up the ornate winding staircase to the upper floor where he found her bedroom. He kissed her again and set her down, the kiss not breaking for what seemed like minutes as he explored her body with his hands. Then the mage pulled away and with a wave of her hands his armour undid itself and fell to the floor followed by his underclothes, leaving him totally naked. She grinned naughtily.

 Jeffrey watched on with lust as she slowly stripped out of her own clothes. Soon she was naked too and he carried her to the bed where he dropped her down and started to kiss down her body. He came to her large tits, which he cupped and squeezed as he teased her nipples with his tongue and enjoyed her moans. Then he went further down her body until he came to her cunt. With a groan he eagerly started to feast on her wet pussy.

 Soon he was hungrily devouring her snatch, enjoying her squeaks and moans of pleasure. The busty mage writhed on the bed, grabbing fistfulls of the sheets, until at last she pushed herself upright and stared down at him with wide blue eyes. She rubbed her hips back against his face and he knew she was about to come. She did seconds later, screaming out in pleasure as her juices seeped out around his mouth.

 He pulled away when her orgasm had faded and stood up. She grinned, pushing herself further up onto the bed, then spread her legs again and gestured for him to follow her. He did so gladly, quickly climbing onto the mattress and positioning himself above the gorgeous blonde. His cock found her folds and he pushed inwards.

 "Oh yes, that's what I've been missing..." Mylia sobbed as he sank deeper and soon he was fully inside her. He kissed her as he started to move his hips and she responded in kind, looping her arms around his neck.

 For a while they stayed at that speed as Jeffrey gently fucked her but eventually his lust grew too strong and he started to speed up. Mylia did not seem to mind. She wrapped her legs around him and begged him to fuck her harder so he did just that. Her tits wobbled against his chest as he fucked her and he enjoyed the feeling of her nipples grazing his skin.

 "You'll make me come with your big cock, Jeffrey! Don't stop!" she cried out suddenly.

 He hammered his hips into her harder making the whole bed shake and the twitch in his balls made him realise he wasn't far off either. His magic cock was bringing the mage closer and closer to release and a few moments later she got there.

 "I'm coming so hard, Jeffrey!" she shrieked as her body twitched. Her eyes rolled back and he felt her cunt grab hold of his magic cock. That was all he needed and with a grunt of his own he came, his balls emptying their spunk in hot waves deep inside the busty blonde.

 When at last his flow of jizz relented he withdrew his cock from Mylia's wonderful snatch and collapsed onto the bed, rolling onto his back. She giggled and pushed herself onto her side to face him.

 "So, Jeffrey, I now offer you a choice. We can go back downstairs and I will immediately return you to your timeline, as I promised." A naughty smile spread across her face. "Or, alternatively, I can send you back in the morning, which leaves us with a whole night together first..."

 Jeffrey was not a stupid man. The answer was obvious.

 "I will stay the night, Mylia."