 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, rode quickly into the village as evening fell around him. Only a few days beforehand he had received a letter from the mayor of this settlement asking for help and Jeffrey had come as fast as he could. Especially as the mayor was an old friend of his named Winston.

Jeffrey rode quickly to Winston's house which was easy to find. It was large and impressive and in the centre of the village. Tethering his loyal mare Swift outside, he stepped up to the oak front door and knocked loudly. An elderly woman answered.

"Ah, you must be Sir Jeffrey," she said. "Winston is expecting you. Please follow me. Don't worry about your horse - I'll have the stablehand look after her."

Jeffrey thanked the woman and was led through the house. It was very well-furnished and expensively decorated. It was also very large. Clearly Winston had done well for himself but Jeffrey was not surprised. Winston had always been extremely hard-working and intelligent.

Jeffrey smiled happily. He was looking forward to seeing his old friend. They had known each other for years and years but did not often get the chance to meet up.

For you see, as a teenager Jeffrey had stayed with Winston's family, who were richer and more prestigious than Jeffrey's own. Jeffrey had been a squire at the time to a local knight who was staying in the household as a guest of Winston's father. Soon Jeffrey and Winston had become fast friends and even though they had parted ways when the knight moved on they had always sent yearly letters to one another to keep in contact.

Just then Jeffrey caught sight of his old friend reclining in a comfortable chair. At the same time Winston spotted him and leapt to his feet.

"There you are, Jeffrey!" he cried. "It has been too long. And look at you now, a full Knight of the Land!"

Jeffrey smiled broadly and embraced his old friend. "And you always said you would be rich one day."

"Then it seems we both succeeded," Winston grinned. "As if there could ever have been any doubt!" Then he gestured to the staircase. "But please, you must be tired. Go and change out of your armour, I will have some tea prepared for you."

The old woman nodded and led Jeffrey upstairs to his bedroom for the night. It was a very pleasant room of a good size and most importantly it had a big comfortable bed. Jeffrey got changed into his evening clothes and returned downstairs where he sat opposite Winston.

Moments later the elderly woman arrived again this time bearing tea. She poured them both a cup and then left. Jeffrey exchanged pleasant talk with his old friend as they drank, enjoying the chance to catch up.

"How are your family?" Jeffrey enquired.

"Well, as you know from my letters my parents retired and left me the business and the house," Winston said. "They still live here in town, but they don't get involved in politics or trade anymore."

"A nice relaxed life, as it should be," Jeffrey said.

Winston smiled. "Indeed. And you remember Bethany, don't you?"

"I do."

Jeffrey did of course remember Bethany. She was Winston's younger sister by a few years. When Winston and Jeffrey had been in their mid-teens she was always insisting on following them around and trying to play with them, much to the annoyance of the two older boys. Then Jeffrey realised with a jolt of surprise that she would be in her early-twenties now. How time flies.

Winston set down his tea. "In fact, I'm rather surprised she hasn't come in to say hello," he said, glancing around. "It's been years since you've seen each other, after all."

Just then the far doors opened and a young woman stepped through.

"Ah, there she is," Winston said, standing. "Darling sister, you remember Jeffrey, don't you?"

Jeffrey's jaw almost hit the floor at the sight of her. Bethany was no longer the annoying little girl with a mud-smeared face, pestering the older boys. She had grown into an absolutely stunning and elegant young woman. She was about 5'3", and her expensive red dress did almost nothing to conceal her wonderful slender figure which swelled with tantalisingly big tits. Her long and straight black hair was gracefully swept forward over one shoulder and her lively green eyes spoke of a playful intelligence as they regarded Jeffrey.

Jeffrey composed himself and stood up, trying to ignore the familiar throb in his magic cock. At the sight of such a beautiful woman his horniness had unsurprisingly flared, and his balls were desperate for the chance to empty themselves deep inside her, despite the fact that it would be inappropriate to do anything of the sort with Winston's little sister.

"Jeffrey!" she said happily, embracing him. The embrace was a tight one and Jeffrey had to stifle a moan of delight at the feel of her sexy body pressed against him.

She stepped back, grinning. "And look at you. All grown up into such a handsome, strong Knight of the Land. Like something out of a poem. Tell me, are you here to whisk away the young lady of the house on a romantic adventure?" She winked at him naughtily.

Winston sighed with a wry shake of his head. "Come now, Bethany, don't tease our friend. He's had a long day."

"Very well," Bethany said with a devilish smile. "I shall leave you two boys to chat. Perhaps you and I can catch up later, Jeffrey?"

"I would like that, ma'am," Jeffrey said, bowing.

She winked at him. "So would I."

Winston seemed oblivious to their obvious flirtation. Or perhaps as her big brother he was doing his best to ignore it. Either way, when Bethany had left the room he gestured for Jeffrey to sit back down again.

They continued to chat and time flew. True friendships never died and Jeffrey appreciated how despite not seeing each other for a long time it was as if no time had passed at all. Jeffrey explained all about how he had become a knight and Winston filled Jeffrey in on all the goings on with people he hadn't seen in years. Indeed, Jeffrey was having so much fun he actually managed to forget about Bethany and push his horniness out of his mind.

At last, however, it was late and their cups were empty. It was time to get to the reason he had been called here.

"Winston, your letter made mention of an urgent problem, and that is why you wrote to me. What is it I can help with?"

Winston sighed, leaning back in his chair. "It is a real arse, Jeffrey, I'll say that much. A tower has appeared in the forests north of here."

"How do you mean, 'appeared'?"

"Poof! Just like that." Winston shrugged. "One day it wasn't there, then the next day it was. And that's not the worst part. Sometimes it, well... flickers."

"Flickers?"

"Just so. In and out of existence, like it's only half there." He leaned forwards again. "You see now why it is an issue. I can't have some unknown magical anomaly causing havoc so close to the village."

"Winston, I am a knight, not a mage."

"I know, Jeffrey. I just want you to check it out. And if you need to, then pass it to a mage you can trust. If word gets out about this then we'll have treasure hunters crawling all over the town and that's the last thing anyone here wants. Can you do that?"

Jeffrey nodded. "Of course. Will someone show me to the tower?"

"Yes, I'll have one of the local militia lead you there tomorrow morning."

Then he stood up, and Jeffrey did the same. Winston grasped his hand and shook it firmly. "Thank you for doing this for me," he said with a genuine smile. "It means a lot. Now, I suggest you get some sleep. It is late. I shall see you in the morning."

As Winston sat back down and took out a book, Jeffrey took that as his cue to leave. He climbed the stairs and returned to the guest bedroom he had been shown to earlier.

He opened the door and stepped inside and was surprised to see all the lamps and candles had already been lit. What surprised him even more however was the fact that Bethany was sitting patiently on the end of his bed.

"Jeffrey, you're finally here," she said as she stood up. "I was wondering when my brother would let you go."

"Bethany, what are you doing here?" Jeffrey said, trying to ignore the way his horniness flared back into life at the sight of her. He had known Bethany for years - he didn't want to sour his friendship with her or her brother by doing something he shouldn't.

She walked slowly passed him and locked the door with the heavy brass key. "I just wanted to catch up, like you promised we would." Then she turned back to him and leaned against the door with a naughty smile. "Unless you want me to go...?"

Jeffrey could not say no even if he wanted to. Bethany grinned. At the same time he couldn't help but look her up and down. She looked so good in her tight red dress, every curve of her wonderful body revealed by the elegant but sexy garment. His horniness was building and his ability to be subtle was going in the opposite direction.

"We have both grown up an awful lot, don't you think?" Bethany said after a few heavy heartbeats, clearly noticing his lustful gazes. "You, the strapping, noble Knight of the Land. I bet the ladies of the realm swoon when you pass!" She stepped towards him with an amorous glint in her green eyes. "And I am not the awkward, lovestruck child I was back then."

"Lovestruck?" Jeffrey said, surprised.

"Oh yes, Jeffrey. I had a major crush on you. Why do you think I followed you around so much? You were the handsome older boy, and a squire no less! You were everything a girl like me dreamed of. I fantasised about the day you would return, all shiny and proud."

Jeffrey swallowed loudly. She was standing right in front of him now.

"And it seems my dream came true. Here you are, a Knight of the Land." She moved onto tiptoes and looped her arms around his neck. "And so very, very handsome."

Then she kissed him. Jeffrey kissed her back immediately, all reluctance swept away by her obvious desire for him. His hands encircled her waist and he held her crushed against him as the passion of their kiss grew.

However it did not take long before the kiss broke. Bethany's hands were immediately on his clothes, peeling them off but he did not let her have all the fun. His own hands undid the clasps of her tight red dress and he groaned as she seductively wiggled out of it, his cock straining against the confines of his pants as she sensually disrobed in front of him.

When she was completely naked he grasped her shoulders and guided her onto the bed. He climbed onto the mattress after her, kissing her deeply before starting to trace his tongue down her nude body, first paying attention to her wonderful large breasts before moving further down until at last he came to her snatch.

He eagerly started to devour her pussy delighting in both her taste and her wonderful moans of pleasure. She writhed under his touch and he soon had brought one hand into play, teasing her with his fingers whilst his tongue swept over her most sensitive areas. After a few minutes she was close to release and he groaned in expectation as he swirled his tongue on her clit. He was rewarded a few seconds later when the raven-haired beauty came hard against his face, throwing her head back with a loud moan as her body twitched and her juices leaked out around his chin.

Jeffrey let Winston's little sister ride out her orgasm before kissing his way back up her body. She grabbed his cheeks and pulled him in for a deep liplock. As they kissed he pulled off his pants to join her in nakedness.

At the sight of his cock Bethany grinned, then slowly twisted round and moved onto all fours in front of him. He took a few moments just to drink in how good she looked before hurriedly moving behind her and lining up his dick. Then with a loud groan of pleasure he pushed inwards.

"Oh fuck, Bethany..." he breathed as her hot cunt swallowed up his member. "You feel amazing."

"So do you, Jeffrey," she whimpered, pressing her hips back against him. "Now fuck me! Fuck me hard with your knightly cock!"

Jeffrey grinned, knowing they both wanted the same thing. He took a few slow and deep thrusts to let her pussy get used to his big dick and then started to fuck her hard like she'd asked for. At the same time, he could not quite believe that the beautiful brunette he was currently stuffing full of his magic cock was the same girl he had shooed away with annoyance so many times when they were children.

Soon Bethany was moaning and sobbing in pure ecstasy as his hips slammed powerfully against her ass. Her entire body shook with each potent impact and she was quite obviously in heaven, her big tits swaying beneath her at the force of their sex. Her moans and cries of pleasure were loud in the small room and Jeffrey was grateful Winston was all the way over on the other side of the house - he did not think being discovered as he vigorously pounded his old friend's little sister would go down very well.

But truthfully he wasn't thinking too much about that. He was more concerned with how good Bethany looked and felt as he fucked her passionately from behind. He leant down, kissing her shoulders as he reached around with one hand to play with her big tits. Her heavy breasts felt amazing and he squeezed and kneaded them as his hips thumped against her. He could feel his balls tightening and knew his climax was not far away.

Yet it turned out Bethany's was even closer. With a howl of pleasure she pushed her hips back against him and Jeffrey felt her cunt clamp down on his dick as the moment arrived. Her green eyes went wide and her mouth opened and shut wordlessly as she whimpered and sobbed in the throes of such a huge orgasm. Yet Jeffrey was not surprised at the incredible strength of her climax - his magic cock always ensured his partners came unbelievably hard.

His own orgasm arrived a heartbeat later. He groaned loudly, his dick twitching as his balls eagerly emptied their load deep inside the gorgeous brunette. Rope after rope of his hot cum sprayed against her walls and pleasure burned through his mind.

At last their orgasms had faded and Jeffrey slowly withdrew his cock. They were both glistening with sweat from their passionate exertions and Bethany turned to him with a broad grin.

"That was the best sex I've ever had," she giggled, pushing herself into a kneeling position.

Jeffrey casually reached up to gently play with her big tits as they spoke. She did not seem to mind, and in fact leaned forwards to kiss him deeply.

"I should head back to my room," she said at last with a naughty giggle, breaking the kiss. "Otherwise we'll get caught."

Jeffrey knew she was right. He watched as she grabbed her clothes then made a naked dash for her bedroom. As soon as she was safe inside he locked his door and collapsed onto the large bed totally exhausted.

It did not take long before he was sound asleep.