 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, followed Kelly as they rode through the forest. They were in search of a mage tower that had suddenly appeared out of nowhere somewhere in these woods recently and although that sounded strange to Jeffrey he had been assured that it was the case. His old friend Winston was the mayor of the local town and wanted him to check it out before any treasure hunters got wind of its appearance.

The forest grow thicker by the mile and the road grew narrower until it wasn't much more than a trail. Occasionally he would see houses off to the sides through the trees most of which were farms but he hadn't come across anything that could even be described as a village. They were truly travelling into wilderness.

A couple of hours after they had broken camp Kelly slowed. He rode up beside her.

"Are we almost there?" he asked.

She nodded. "It's just up ahead, in a clearing. But we're not the only ones here, Jeffrey."

He paused and they reined their mounts to a halt. Kelly was right. Now that he listened he could hear shouts and banging like the sounds of a camp. It seemed that someone else had already found the mage tower.

"If they are treasure hunters, we'll have a problem," Kelly said.

"Why? I've always found adventurers to be reasonable people."

"I'm sure they are, but the laws of the land say that in a situation like this where ancient ruins or a magical anomaly are discovered, whoever claims it first gets the right to loot it. If there are treasure hunters here then they will already have claimed it. They're not going to let us near the tower."

Jeffrey grimaced. That did sound like it could be a problem. Still, there was nothing for it but to find out.

He rode Swift into the clearing and was shocked at what he saw. Numerous tents stood around and the place was busy with people. Most were human of course but he actually saw a couple of dwarves and even a halfling wandering round the encampment. A few faces turned to look at him as he rode in.

What really caught his attention however was the tower in the middle of the glade. It was tall and looked to be in pristine condition with gleaming white walls and a long ornate windows. However even from this distance he could tell that there was something odd about the windows and as he rode closer he realised what it was - there was nothing beyond them! There was pitch darkness beyond the glass.

Suddenly the tower wobbled, its edges growing fuzzy and then entire top half seeming to jump first forward then back. Seconds later it vanished before reappearing less than a heartbeat after that. Then it did it again. After that, everything seemed to return to normal.

Jeffrey watched on in both awe and horror at the temporal disturbance in front of him. He was no mage and he did not know exactly what it was Winston had wanted him to do but after seeing the tower he knew that it was beyond his capabilities. Winston would not be happy that treasure hunters had already descended upon the tower though.

"Excuse me, stranger, but you're going to have to leave," said a voice to Jeffrey's left and he looked over to find a gruff dwarven man staring at him with hard eyes. "This is a Lockbreaker claim, so unless you're looking to sign up with the guild then you're trespassing." He put his hand on the pommel of his axe. "And I don't like trespassers."

"Easy now, Olig," he heard a woman say. "Don't you recognise a Knight of the Land?"

He turned to find the source of that voice and his magic cock twitched when he found it. A beautiful woman stood there with the corners of her mouth twisted in a small smile. She was probably in her early-thirties with long, wavy brown hair that fell to the middle of her back and brown eyes that sparkled with interest and amusement. She stood around 5'9" and wore plain brown pants and a leather cuirass that stretched over her large breasts.

The dwarf grumbled and stepped away. "Just don't let him challenge our claim."

"Do you think I would?" she snapped, sudden anger in her eyes. "Begon, Olig!"

The dwarf stomped off and left Jeffrey alone with the woman. Kelly rode up behind them.

The woman looked between the two of them and smiled. She gestured for Jeffrey to dismount and so he did, Kelly quickly doing the same.

"I am Rama, leader of this motley adventuring crew," she said.

He bowed. "And I am Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land."

"And you must be from the local town militia," Rama said to Kelly, not giving her much attention. "How nice for you."

Kelly opened her mouth to reply but Rama cut her off.

"If you're here to check the legitimacy of our claim, you will find the law of the realm backs us up," she said. "You have no authority to remove us from this glade."

"I was not intending to, Rama," Jeffrey replied. "I was asked to investigate the tower to see if it was a danger and that is what I'm here to do."

"I'm afraid not even a Knight of the Land has the right to do that without our permission now. You surely know this?"

Jeffrey nodded. "I do. You have the authority to ask me to leave. But, since I am not looking to disturb your claim, I was hoping we could come to some sort of arrangement."

She looked at him and cocked her head. A naughty smile flashed across her face and Jeffrey was sure he saw something lustful simmer in her brown eyes for just a moment. Then she gestured for the two of them to follow her.

"Come to my tent, strangers. We can discuss my terms there."

He and Kelly followed, leading their horses with them. When they reached the tent they tethered them outside and then followed Rama in.

The tent was large, with a broad table covered in papers in the middle. A few chairs sat around and at the rear was a flap that Jeffrey assumed led through to Rama's sleeping quarters.

The treasure hunter turned to them and smiled. "So you wish to poke around my guild's claim, huh?"

"I wouldn't put it like that..." Kelly said, looking taken aback.

"Yes, well, no offence dear girl, but you'll forgive me if I don't take the word of a militiawoman. I know what the local mayor thinks of treasure hunters. He's made his opinion quite clear in the past."

"But I am not my mayor, Rama, and don't always share his opinions. Jeffrey and I are only here to look around."

"How very noble, girl. But I'm afraid I'll need to hear it from the Knight of the Land himself. His word is his honour and all that crap."

Jeffrey sighed. Rama was making this difficult. Then again, he realised, her livelihood and that of her guildmates probably depended on this claim. If she feared that he was trying to take it from her then he could understand why she would be hesitant to give him full access to the site. He spoke.

"Rama, you must believe me when I say that we are not looking to steal or disrupt your claim. I have been sent to ascertain whether this anomaly is dangerous. Kelly is accompanying me as my guide. We are not going to cause trouble."

Rama considered them for a moment. Eventually, she spoke.

"You will have to work for your time here."

"Work?" he asked.

"Everyone is expected to pull sentry duty. You are now included in that, Knight of the Land or not."

"And when are we actually going to get to look around the tower?" Jeffrey asked.

"In your free time, sir knight," Rama said with a grin. "You will have some, don't worry."

Jeffrey bowed. "If those are your terms, then I suppose I must accept."

"Me too, much as it pains me," Kelly sighed.

Rama grinned. "Good. Now, girl, I suggest you go set up your tent somewhere on the edge of this camp. You can keep your horses with you there or picket them with ours, it's up to you. When you are done, report to Olig and tell him you are to be included in the sentry roster."

"Very well."

"I look forward to ordering you around, girl."

"My name is Kelly, not 'girl'. Use it," the militiawoman snapped back as she left the tent. Jeffrey moved to follow her.

"You can stay a moment longer, Jeffrey," Rama said, and he paused. "I have another requirement of you."

He turned back to the treasure hunter. "Sentry duty alone is not enough?"

"For your companion, it is. I have no further use for her. But for you, Jeffrey, I have one other demand in mind."

He noticed the glint in her eyes then and his magic cock twitched. "Oh?"

"You must understand that I do not bed my guildmates. There is too much trouble down that road. Yet it has now been weeks since we last visited a town and I have not had sex for over a fortnight. I am growing desperate."

She stepped closer.

"But you are not a guildmate of mine, just a temporary acquaintance. You are noble, handsome and, I am sure, very discreet. That makes you the perfect partner to satisfy me. Jeffrey, I want you to fuck me."

His blood was practically on fire with lust as she grabbed the front of his armour and stepped closer.

"So, do we have a deal?"

He answered her with a kiss, pulling her towards him. She returned the motion, moaning into his mouth and he realised from the hungry way that she kissed him back that she truly was horny. She was not playing with him.

Then she broke the kiss and pulled away, fastening the entrance of her tent to make sure they wouldn't be disturbed and then grabbing his hand and dragging him into the back.

Jeffrey's earlier guess proved correct when Rama pulled him beyond the flap into a smaller room that contained a bed and a small cabinet, as well as a stand to hang her armour on. Clearly, these were her private sleeping quarters.

Then she was kissing him again and this time she started to strip him. He did the same to her, enjoying every inch of her body as it was revealed by the removal of clothes. Soon they were both naked.

Jeffrey grasped her shoulders and pushed her onto the bed. The big-titted brunette landed with a giggle and spread her legs apart.

"Earn your right to stay, Jeffrey," she whispered and he dropped to his knees, holding her thighs as he started to devour her sweet pussy.

He did so eagerly, licking and sucking on her most sensitive parts, grazing her clit with his tongue and making sure to thoroughly explore her dripping wet folds. After a while he started to focus more on her clit and pushed two fingers inside her. He started to pump them and she moaned, staring down at him with pure desire. She was close to her climax.

"Oh yes, I'm coming!" she shouted out moments later and he felt her pussy spasm around his probing fingers. She orgasmed hard against his face and he loved the way her juices seeped out whilst she came.

Eventually Rama's climax had passed and she sat back up and kissed Jeffrey, pulling him onto the bed on top of her. Then she rolled over, leaving him on his back, before reaching down and grasping his rigid cock. She gave it a few pumps, before throwing a leg over him and straddling him reverse cowgirl.

"It's been too long, Jeffrey. Much too long," she purred, angling his dick with her dripping cunt and lowering herself down. She sobbed in pleasure as her needy pussy swallowed him up. "Gods, you feel so good. Your cock feels so fucking good!"

The brunette treasure hunter rested there a moment collecting herself from the pleasure of penetration before starting to move her hips. She rolled them back and forth at first but soon she had leaned back and the motion had become more up and down. It did not take too long until she was bouncing with gusto on his magic cock.

He reached around and grasped her large tits, enjoying their softness whilst teasing her firm nipples. Her breasts wobbled with the movements of her hips and he delighted in the feel of the weighty globes whilst her cunt so wonderfully massaged his member.

As they fucked, he felt slightly guilty for having so much fun with Rama given that she had been so unpleasant to Kelly. He doubted Kelly would approve of his current situation, that's for sure. But that thought did not last long - the sight and feel of the gorgeous brunette passionately riding him was more than enough to assuage those doubts. 

It did not take long until he was thrusting up to meet each downward stroke of her hips. Jeffrey could feel the tightness in her pussy that he knew meant she was near her orgasm, and his own balls had started to grow tense too. He was not far away.

"I'm going... to come..." she sobbed, throwing her hips back against him. He fucked her harder as her movement grew jerky.

Suddenly the moment arrived for Rama. With a howl she came, her cunt clamping down on his dick and her body going stiff as she shivered in utter bliss. The feeling of her orgasm was too much for Jeffrey and his own exploded at the same time, ropes of hot jizz shooting deep inside the beautiful treasure hunter.

Afterwards she collapsed on top of him, breathing heavily.

"Well, you've certainly upheld your end of the bargain," she said, pulling herself off him with a grin. "Welcome to the camp."

She stood up and started to get dressed again.

"Now, sir knight, I have a camp to run. I suggest you don't stay here too long. You have sentry duty to attend to."

She winked at him and left. He groaned. He was not looking forward to this.