 Part 3 — Ensnared and Enslaved

by

Paul Gerard (a pen name)

Five parts, an epilogue and a bonus story. That's the new plan. No promises, though. Mermaids' appearance has been postponed to part five. Part three ran a bit long, that's why it's two parts now.

~

A word of warning, before you even start reading: A lot of what happens in this story focuses on the rather weird fetish of Breast Expansion (BE) -- from A to D, and occasionally up to and ultimately beyond the size depicted in Woody Allen's "Giant Breast" skit in "Everything you always wanted to know about sex" (the 1972 movie). If you thought that was hilarious, or unsettlingly arousing, you're more than welcome to continue reading. Of course this tale has action, tension and fighting (in short, "conventional" storytelling), too.

However, if you are put off by the sheer offbeat weird impossible flight of fancy that is BE, you probably shouldn't bother with this tale.

Thank you.

~

First Draft started 2008-06-17, this one uploaded 2012-06-17

Spellchecked initially by computer, and proof-reading credits go to Merkava IV and CoffeePilot for their time, suggestions and patience.

~

Altaerna — A world, where the laws of reality may become mere guidelines at any given time, where magic and machinery are intertwined, where all those things creeping in the shadows of fantasy may step forward onto the mind's stage.

This story unfolds in medieval times, around the 12th Century. 1185, if you're one for nitpicking.

~

Once upon a time ...

The year is 1185, the world is Altaerna, and the place is somewhere in the temperate climate where people are mostly pale and mostly stubborn.

A winter ago, a lithe and lissom young woman saved a handsome young fisherman from drowning. The fisherman's would-be fiance, headstrong cold-hearted not-so-young Menena, the town's mayor and wealthy shop owner, didn't take it lightly when her trusted maid Barbara and her well-equipped secret boy toy David fell for each other hard and fast despite being unable to join in carnal pleasures (on account of Barbara's nethers being a thimble and David being ... rather more than that).

Consumed by jealousy, Menena saw to it that David was banned from the town, with Menena maligning him whenever she could. Barbara was given the boot but still found a little lenience in Menena's eyes for the years of service, so the lithe blonde was allowed to spend market days in the side streets where she's now trying to sell for a living the fishes that David catches with his tiny boat and his worn nets. The outcast couple of twenty-somethings got secretly married and made it through their first year, living a life of privation in a tiny hut atop the cliffs, hours from the town.

Part 1:

Spring has returned. Going for a swim while waiting for her husband's return, Barbara hits upon a drifting net chock-full of fish while her other half David makes but a single lucky catch out at sea. Reunited, the young couple retreats into their favorite hideaway to have another go at their most pressing problem, their inability to consume their marriage properly. Still unable to succeed, they resort to each other's dexterity like the many times before.

As Barbara prepares lunch gutting the fish David brought, she discovers a valuable pendant in its belly. Putting it on, she — is woken by her husband, hours later. Not only has she developed quite the appetite for the unfamiliar fishes that the new net seems to attract, she also suddenly succeeds in devouring herculean meat (wink, wink). When David sets out to a bigger and more distant town in an effort to sell more of his catches, Barbara ends up doing a little self-exploration on a moonlit night. She also ends up with quite some more Barbara before the night is through. After a day spent in fear and despair, and lucky for her self-conscious mind, a) most of it has disappeared again by the time Dave returns, and b) David doesn't mind the surplus left on her at all.

As the next market day comes around, Barbara squeezes into her now ill-fitting old clothes and is about to go on a quest for answers about what has befallen her, and her first stop will be the town's healer and midwife. Alas, the market isn't over yet ...

Part 2:

Following Barbara's erroneously assuring visit to the town's midwife, Barbara and David indulge in Barbara's new voluptuousness and carnal hunger. As her ever-increasing desires begin to overwhelm David's abilities, he searches for a second opinion on the strange pendant and gets advice from a young, traveling, bad-tempered, dark-skinned dancing girl called Yrba who also happens to be witch. Meanwhile, back home alone, another outbreak of multiple expansion hits Barbara as her strange visions once again cross over into her reality. When she wakes the next morning, more than just her most eye-catching attributes have changed ...

~

Part 3: Ensnared and Enslaved

Obscure inspirational music reference:

"I never wanted trouble / But I sure got enough" — Joan Jett, Victim of Circumstance

~

Chapter 11: New Sensations

~

The little hut crouched atop the grass-covered cliff, overlooking the half-circle of the bright sandy beach almost a hundred feet below. It was new and old and poor at the same time; its structure was barely more than a hodgepodge of stone walls and bleached timbers salvaged from the remainders of old wrecks and the occasional fresh beam, held together by little else than its builders' enthusiasm and hope. No two windows were of the same size or same shape. It had stood the test of the winter storms, though.

A small circular well stood some yards nearby. The hut's forecourt was but a flat area of sand where the narrow path rising steeply from a small pier by the waterline met a slightly wider and deeper one that showed some wheel tracks. The other side of the court was delimited by the low fence of a small garden with a collection of local vegetables.

~ 

Barbara sat at the simple table in her hut's gloom, one hand flat against the wooden surface, the other arm's elbow on the tabletop, cupping her chin and cheek in her hand. The air seemed chillier today, but despite being stark naked, the worried young woman took no notice. Her slender fingers drummed desperately on her cheekbones.

— And what if Dave doesn't like it?

The thought had kept on circling in her head for hours. Sure, the results of the sudden growth burst from last night felt awesome on her hips and ribs, and every few minutes, her hand had gently cupped and kneaded the breathtaking expanse of breasts that now graced her front, but she wasn't quite at ease with it.

Heh, and I was happy when they were like apples. I could've managed with the little melons, too. But this here? After that milk gush, they're the size of my head now. Well, almost. I sure hope they don't grow each time the milk comes out, because there's such a thing as too much, she pondered. Sitting up straight again, she lowered her left hand to her nipples and circled the rubbery flesh with her fingertips. The thimbles of rough skin felt a bit sore after the pints of milk that had erupted out of the many pores.

Barbara's right hand left the table and moved down, laying flush on her thigh now. Her legs weren't as thin as before anymore either. The bulkier muscles hid themselves well beneath the padding that gave Barbara's legs the perfect balance of strength versus smoothness, matching her wider hips to a T yet tapering towards firm, well-defined ankles that she still could wrap her slender hand around.

At least this won't be a problem. Barbara solaced herself as her fingertips circled the plump and domed up vulva taking up all the new space between her legs. She prodded the soft outer pads lightly and ran a finger through the cleft, parting the wrinkles of her fleshy inner lips and feeling the long smooth stretch of rosy skin that lead to the clenched rosette of her vagina's opening. It still felt nice and tight as she dipped the first part of her middle finger into the damp cave, yet if she willed her muscles into relaxing, the hole allowed for four fingers to dive into the lube-soaked tube without as much as a struggle.

Oh my, David's going to have an easier time sliding into me, there's room for two in me now.

Barbara hesitated. She angled her hips and sat on one buttock only, sending her fingers further along the cleft and towards the seam of her perineum. They found something there that she had missed but not expected to show up in that place. Strange. I'm — either I'm getting soft in the head, or my nethers are upside down all of a sudden. Wasn't the pee hole in front? Well, it makes a bit more sense, out of the way in the back where it is now, but —

She smacked her palms against her temples until her head hurt. Keep your mind together, Barbara! As if that matters now! You're easily twice as busty and bulky as before, and David's about to come back any hour! How do you break him the news, eh?

 ~

"Barbara—!"

She heard Dave's call outside and jumped to her feet. Sliding the balk across the door, keeping him out just a little longer, bought her time to think. Barbara leaned against the wood and breathed heavily. She'd spent the whole day musing, but that had not yielded any answer, rather to the contrary. Maybe the saving spark needed just a few moments more —

Her husband rattled the handle.

"Barbara—? Barbara, it's me. Open up, I've got news."

David pushed stronger. It wasn't just the heavy balk that held the door shut from the inside. Weight leaned against the wood from the other side, and he heard his wife's nervous panting. He hesitated, then he rested his forehead against his side of the door.

"It happened again, didn't it?" he muttered.

"Err — yes. I'm afraid it did," Barbara's trembling voice croaked from inside the hut. After a moment's hesitation, Dave heard the scraping noises of the bolt as it was removed.

Barbara cleared her throat. "Ready? And — and you'll tell me honestly if it's too much, right? Even if I can't do a thing about it ..."

She drew open the door and stepped into the frame. Her nipples, engorged to thimble size and riding in the center of domed areolae the diameter of her palms, left the hut first. Then followed her breasts, firm and full and the size of her head, their bases sagging slightly against her ribs to provide a footing to the several handfuls that strained against their silky-soft skin wrapper. Finally, the newly increased body of David's wife crossed the door sill.

On her belly, hips and legs, her slightly bronzed skin didn't adhere quite as strictly to the structure of her muscles as it had before. Now it smoothed gently over the land map of sharply defined sinews beneath and amplified Barbara's carnal allure even more. The perfect hourglass curve from her ribs into her waist and back out over her hips and the tapering thighs had neither nook nor edge nor wrinkle. She shifted her weight on her other leg, and the change in her thighs' and buttocks' tension as muscles clenched on one side and relaxed on the other pressed into the slightly dark swollen outer pads of her vulva and tugged faintly all the way up in her crotch. Her labia slipped the tiniest amount, but she felt the result immediately. Barbara's teeth dug into her lower lip. Wet. Wet again. She pinched her eyes shut and lowered her head. You horny slut, cut that out, she chided herself.

"It's too much now, isn't it?" she whispered fearfully as Dave's silence dragged out too long. Her thoughts somersaulted and descended into a whirl of insecurity. Yes, too much. The gods, I didn't want to see it, but that's what drove him from Menena! And now I'm just as bloated as her, fat and bloated, too heavy for him to hold, with milk buckets slapping into his face! No, the gods no! I could choke him just by embracing him! Just one of my tits could choke him if it dropped on his face! What have I become?

The red glow of sunlight through her clenched eyelids disappeared when his shadow fell over her. His body's warmth announced itself all over the skin of Barbara's front, and then something wet and hot and silky bobbed against her navel. She opened her eyes wide. His girdle and tunic laid some feet away, cast aside in disregard, and the sculpted body she adored so much was just a dick's length from hers. Her nipples on her projecting promontory almost grazed his chest. Peeking down the valley between her breasts, Barbara saw his naked, fully erect pole as it rose and sagged back against the flat curve of her belly in rhythm with his heartbeat. Thin threads of his pre-cum dragged between the purple head and her bright skin. She raised her head to his face. His cheeks glistened almost as wet as the throbbing glans that was just moments from release.

"Barbara," he moaned, his eyes full of longing tears, "Barbara, take me into you, I'm burning up, I can't stand to just watch you anymore, I must have you now!"

 ~

"No!" She pushed him away, and he fell over hard on his butt. She staggered a step backwards across the threshold into the darkness of the hut. "Dave! As much as I yearn for a ride on your rod now, first I need to know — I need — n—need — oh please, David —" She extended a pleading hand to him. With her face hidden in the shadows and the contours of her body only barely outlined, her wailing voice plummeted through the octaves, and her fingers bent into claws.

"The pendant. Mine," rose from her throat and squeezed out through gnashed teeth, then she stumbled forward into the bright day again. The sunlight revealed her relaxed hand and nothing but a nervous plea on her features.

"Barb—," he gulped and pinched his eyes as his erection shriveled up with alarming speed. "Did you just —"

"Did I what? Please, Dave, I'm depending on you! What did the witch say? I need to know!"

~

The young couple sat, clothed again and facing each other, at the sturdy table in their hut. The pendant sparkled on the tabletop between them.

"— And then she tried to catch me, but I lost her in the woods," Dave finished his only slightly exaggerated tale.

"That's spooky! Oh my. So I better don't wear it. For shame, because it's truly beautiful. But what about my —," she pointed at her most prominent assets, "— my growing rounder? Did she say anything at all about that?"

"Well, she surely looked like a woman in the know about round, I tell you. She didn't say much about it, only that it's not the pendant because that's not what those things do. She might've lied about that just to get her hands on it, though."

Barbara lowered her head.

"I don't think she lied," she whispered. "Dave, you almost burst your seed all over my belly just staring at me, but have you truly seen me since you came home?"

Her hand reached for her dress, and she opened the straining fasteners. Her voluptuous chest sagged forward. "See? All that, it came to me the night before yesterday, in the blink of an eye, and with the pendant gone. So how can it be the pendant's fault, if it was miles away? Dave —" Her eyes filled with tears. "Dave, I know you say I'm becoming a woman, but — but I'm having doubts about it. It feels so good, it's like — but it can't go on like that, can it? Am I not — I mean — I'm feeling huge. Huge and bloated and ugly. Nobody can want someone who looks like me."

She turned her head away. "Worst thing is, I — I always long for sex now, every waking hour. I'm ugly and stuffed with fat and still it's like I'm empty inside, and I need — I want — I must be filled, I'm —"

Barbara gulped. "Just t—talking like that, I'm all wet now and h—horny, I'm such a slut."

She grabbed her head with both hands and ruffled her hair in desperation. "Oh just listen to me! I'm ranting like — like the first time it happened! It's like — like I'm half-happy and half-scared! I—mmmpff!"

Dave swept her off her chair and pulled her into his tight embrace. He broke his kiss just long enough to whisper, "You're not fat and ugly." His hands closed around Barbara's waist, and he felt her abs as they contracted and firmed up under his thumbs. The layer of padding didn't make things worse. It made it so much better.

"That's not fat! Well, maybe. But it's the good kind! Look at you! Look at your shapely belly! Your marvelous legs! You're curvy! Gorgeous and curvy!"

He bent his knee in front of her like the last time. His hands followed the smooth skin of her thighs, tracing the firm muscles hiding just beneath the surface. His fingertips sank into the valley between the tendons on the back of her knees before his palms cupped the double mounds of her calves.

"See? Oh Barbara, listen, there's not an ounce of ugly on you, it's all woman! Gods, you're strong and curvy and round in all the right places!" He rose and cupped her bulging breasts, kneading the three-quarter spheres gently as they settled into his hands. "And those — smooth and soft and full of milk, as they are to be. I just want to kiss and suckle and hold you forever. Barbara, you're the most desirable woman in the whole world, bar none!" Dave's hands left the slightly sagging orbs and followed the depression of her spine down to the globular shape of her buttocks. He grabbed Barbara at the onset of her toned legs and hoisted her onto his hips.

Barbara clenched her thighs around her lover. Her arms wrapped around Dave's head and forced him right between her bulging breasts, choking be damned!

"Prove it!" panted Barbara, her chest and face flushed with arousal. "Prove it again you truly love this ugly me!"

"The gods, wife! I will! Time and again!" mumbled Dave from the warm abyss of her cleavage, stumbling backwards, almost overwhelmed by her weight as she clung to him and ground her hips on his.

"Take me," she moaned. "Gods, take me, I've been waiting for days. I need you to take me right now! Do it like last time, pound the love of my body right back into me!"

Barbara let go and knelt down, untying his belt with deft fingers while David pulled his tunic over his head.

Need him big and hard and glowing! Must burn all the wailing stupid from me with this poker! raced her thoughts as her hands closed around her husband's still dangling cock. Barbara's lips opened just wide enough to let half of his glans in, then she took a deep breath against the plug in her mouth. With Dave's member still malleable, the building vacuum in her chest squeezed and pulled him through the slippery O. Her cheeks fell in as she sucked frantically, and the flesh in her mouth swelled and hardened until it felt like solid wood in a silky wrapper to her pouted lips.

Barbara angled her head and took him in deep, swallowing gently and relaxedly with her tongue rippling around every inch as it advanced down her throat. Pouting her lips, she put their firm seal around her husband's pole and drew him in a bit deeper as she lowered her jaw. She felt a slight tension under her cheekbones, then something clicked just under her ears. David's swollen glans passed easily through the yielding gate at the back of her mouth, and Barbara felt the slick cone as it went into the ribbed sheath of her gullet without as much as a gag or a choke. She pouted again and repeated her nibbling motions, guiding her husband's thick rod with her tongue and consuming the raw meat inch by inch until finally her nose dug into Dave's pubic curls.
