 Sir Jeffrey Trailson, Knight of the Land, awoke to find a beautiful woman leisurely sucking his cock. And whilst such moments were not rare in Jeffrey's extremely charmed life, there was still something unique about this particular instance: the gorgeous blonde crouched over his waist was a powerful chronomancer, and he was one hundred years in the past.

"Good morning," she purred.

He groaned, reaching out to stroke a hand through her silky blonde hair. "Good morning, Mylia."

"I thought I should wake you in a manner suitable for a man who saved my life," she giggled. "So just lie there and enjoy it."

Jeffrey was not going to argue with that command so he let the busty mage work on his member whilst he stared into her blue eyes with lust. She was still naked from the night before and he enjoyed the sight of her big tits hanging down as she delivered an expert blowjob. Her hands pumped vigorously on his shaft whilst she alternated between kissing down his sides and taking him into her mouth as far as he would go.

Soon his dick was wet with saliva and Mylia grinned at him as she pulled her head away and sat upright.

"I think it's time for more, don't you?" she grinned, seductively crawling towards him.

Soon she was above him and she leant down to kiss him. Jeffrey kissed her back with a groan, reaching up to grasp her big tits as he did so. The weighty globes felt amazing in his eager palms. At the same time the blonde mage grasped his cock, angling it with her pussy and then sitting down. He groaned again into their kiss as he felt her hot cunt swallow up his cock.

When he was fully nestled inside her Mylia broke the kiss and sat more upright. She swept her blonde hair over one shoulder and started to bounce her hips. Slowly at first but Jeffrey did not mind. She looked so good above him that he didn't care how she let things proceed.

She grabbed his wrists, guiding his hands to her large breasts. He took the wordless invitation and grasped the wonderful globes again, making sure to thoroughly squeeze and knead them. Her hips slowly sped up as he did so and he could see the sparkle of pleasure in her blue eyes swiftly growing.

The hot blonde put her hands on his chest and leant forwards until their faces were only inches apart. She was bouncing her hips quickly now, slamming them back against Jeffrey's. He let go of the mage's big tits to instead loop his arms around her waist and rest them on her lovely ass. He could feel the tension in her tunnel that told him she was close.

"I'm going to come, Jeffrey..." Mylia whispered. "I'm going to come... yes!"

She threw her head back with a rapturous scream and he felt her cunt squeeze hold of his member as her orgasm exploded inside her. The sight of her body twitching and the feel of her glorious snatch pulsating on his cock as she came incredibly hard was enough to push him over the edge too. With a cry of his own he joined her in orgasm, his seed flooding her hot pussy.

When she had finished coming she collapsed on top of him and kissed him deeply. He kissed her back for a short while until at last she pushed herself from him and slipped from the bed.

"Let us eat," she grinned. "I will make us something."

Jeffrey watched as the mage climbed into a robe and then headed downstairs. He dressed and followed her and soon they were eating a delicious breakfast. They ate for a while, chatting and enjoying each other's company, until at last Mylia looked at him sadly.

"I suppose it is time you went home, Jeffrey," she said. "You should get ready. I will meet you downstairs."

He agreed. He returned to the bedroom and clambered into his armour. When he was sure he had everything he headed for her study in the basement. The blonde chronomancer had created some sort of magical circle on the floor and was standing in the middle of it. The ruby was glowing with power next to her.

She smiled at him. "Come stand in the circle with me. This won't take long."

He nodded, stepping into the circle. He was hesitant to walk over the borders and was relieved when nothing unexpected happened as he did.

Mylia smiled when he came to stand next to her. "Are you ready?"

He nodded. "I am."

"Well then I suppose this is goodbye, Jeffrey," she said sadly. "Thank you for everything you have done."

Then she kissed him passionately, before reluctantly breaking away. She stepped back and placed both her hands on the glowing ruby on the pedestal and squeezed shut her eyes.

The magical circle burst into life all around him and then with a flash Jeffrey felt like he was falling. His head spun as he plummeted through nothingness. He did not think he would ever grow used to the unpleasantness of time travel.

Moments later he felt his feet touch solid ground. He stumbled and tried to regain his balance but it was to no avail as he promptly fell over. He groaned into the dirt and rolled over.

He was in some sort of ruins. Tall stone walls surrounded him, stretching all the way up to where a roof used to be. Rubble and tumbled old rock lay around him. It looked like the hollow, worn shell of an ancient tower.

Jeffrey realised with a start that's probably exactly what it was. If Mylia and her tower were safely back in the past then one hundred years later the building would probably be crumbling ruins. He was in the exact same place... just a century later.

He coughed and pushed himself into a sitting position, collecting himself. The time travel left him dizzy. Suddenly a voice cried out above him.

"Jeffrey! You're safe!"

He looked up and a smile broke out on his face. Kelly, the beautiful deputy who had shown him to the tower in the first place, was staring down at him from the remains of the upper floor.

"I am," he said then stood up. He looked around. "How do I get out?"

"This way," Kelly said, then disappeared from view. A few moments later she reappeared, picking her way down a pile of fallen rubble. He let his eyes wander over her for a moment. Her wavy blonde hair was up in its usual ponytail and she was wearing her tight-fitting leather armour that did nothing to conceal the outline of her lovely body and big tits.

When she reached the bottom the gorgeous blonde militiawoman rushed towards him and hugged him.

"Jeffrey, I did not think I would see you again. Where have you been?"

"It's a long story," he said. "Is there somewhere I can sit down?"

"Of course. Follow me."

Kelly helped him up the pile of rubble to the ground floor, then out into the glade. It was empty bar two tents - Kelly's own, and Issara's.

"Where are the treasure hunters?" he asked.

She laughed. "They fled as soon as you disappeared, Jeffrey. The cowards. Except for Issara, of course. She stayed behind with me to try to contain the black fog. She's very impressive."

"But I see no black fog now."

"No, you don't. Yesterday evening there was a great flash of light and the fog just disappeared. At the same time, the tower transformed into the ruins you see now. We don't know why that happened... but I think you do, don't you Jeffrey?"

They reached Issara's tent and he smiled when he saw Swift grazing outside. He was glad to see the mare safe.

Inside the tent Issara was hunched over a desk, poring through tomes. The elven mage looked stressed and Jeffrey could understand why. She had spent days attempting to learn what the black fog was and hold it back with her magic. Now that it had suddenly vanished, the mystery had only deepened.

However she also looked beautiful as always. Her straight red hair was loose to her shoulders, her pointed elven ears sticking up through it, and she wore tight-fitting ornate robes that revealed a good amount of cleavage from her large breasts.

"Hello, Issara," Jeffrey said simply, smiling at the sight of her.

Issara's head shot up at the sound of his voice, and for a moment she sat there stunned into silence, her amber eyes wide.

"You're back, Jeffrey!" she suddenly cried, bolting from the chair to wrap her arms around him. "Where did you go? Was it you who sealed the the temporal anomaly? How?"

"I would like some tea first," he said with a grin, trying to halt her questions. "It has been a long journey."

"Of course," she said, unwrapping herself from him and quickly brewing a pot.

He took the opportunity to change into his comfortable clothes, before collapsing onto the plush sofa in the middle of the tent. Kelly came and sat next to him. Soon Issara had returned with the tea and sat on his other side.

"Now tell us what happened," Kelly said.

So he told them. He explained about meeting Mylia's ghost after going through the fog, then about being sent back in time. He explained how he found the tower in the past and anchored it in its proper timeline, and then finally how he'd freed Mylia and she'd sent him home.

The two women sat listening to him with awe. When at last his story ended, he sat back and took a large gulp of the tea.

"If the chronomancer sent you back only a short while ago, then there might still be some traces of her magic in the tower..." Issara started saying, before her eyes went wide with sudden realisation. She leapt from the sofa. "I'm sorry to abandon you both, but I must go. I have to study those traces before they disappear!" Then she frantically rushed from the tent. 

Jeffrey sat there in silence for a moment after the mage had left, amused by her haste. Then he realised Kelly was staring at him.

"You saved us all," she said in wonder, reaching out to place her hand on his chest.

"I was just doing my duty."

"Nonsense, you did far more than that. You are a true hero, Jeffrey." She smiled happily at him.

Suddenly she glanced around, her smile quickly growing naughty. Her hand started to trace lower and his magic cock twitched. "And since we seem to have been left alone, I think i should give you my own personal reward for your heroic deeds..."

With that, she slipped from the sofa and moved to kneel between his legs. Immediately his horniness flared. He gazed into her brown eyes with lust as she slid off his pants and leant forwards.

She ran her tongue along the underside of his cock, from his base to his tip, and he quickly grew to full hardness at her attention. Then she took him into her mouth and soon she was bobbing her head on his dick, his shaft slick with her saliva.

He had been luxuriating in Kelly's amazing blowjob skills for only a few minutes when suddenly the tent flap opened and Issara walked in. Jeffrey's eyes went wide in shock as he caught sight of the elf.

"There are no remnants of the spell the chronomancer used," she sighed sadly. "The ruins are completely empty of- Oh!" She went silent as her gaze settled on the sight of Kelly sucking his cock. And despite Issara's sudden intrusion, the blonde militiawoman did not even stop, her head continuing to bob on his member.

After a few moments of awkward silence, Kelly pulled her mouth from his dick and smiled at the mage. "Are you planning to watch us all day, Issara?"

The beautiful elf raised an eyebrow. "Would you prefer it if I waited outside for you to finish? This is my tent!"

"Don't be silly," Kelly giggled. "What I would prefer is for you to come over here and join in. After everything that's happened, I think we've all earnt the right to relax, don't you?"

Issara stood there a moment considering Kelly's words. Then she sighed, her stress very obviously melting away. "You know, Kelly, I think you might be right. A little fun is just what I need, given the anxiety of the past few days." She smiled naughtily. "I just hope you don't mind sharing."

"Not at all," the blonde winked. "In fact, I can't think of a better way to celebrate Jeffrey's triumph." Then without another word she resumed the blowjob.

Issara slipped towards them and Jeffrey looked on in stunned silence as the elf slid onto the couch next to him. She placed her hand on his cheek and turned his face to hers.

"Of course, this is all assuming our hero doesn't mind," she murmured, leaning in.

Now obviously Jeffrey did not mind. Not at all. In fact, he could scarcely believe this was happening. He opened his mouth to reply but no sound came out. Instead he frantically nodded.

"Good," the beautiful redhead said before kissing him. He reached up, grasping her large breasts through her robe and slipping his tongue into her mouth.

Meanwhile, Kelly continued her expert blowjob and he squeezed his eyes shut tightly to cope with all the pleasure. Clearly neither woman was put off by the presence of another partner.

Suddenly Issara pulled away. "I think I would like a taste of your cock, too," she said lustfully, moving to kneel next to Kelly. Kelly pulled her head from his dick at the mage's words, and Jeffrey could only watch on with lust as Issara took him into her mouth instead.

As Issara began to bob her head on his shaft, Kelly stood and quickly undressed. She grinned devilishly at Jeffrey's approving expression, then dropped back to her knees once she was naked. He gasped in blissful shock as she unexpectedly sucked his balls into her mouth.

After a while, the two women swapped roles, Kelly taking his dick back into her mouth and Issara moving to tease his sack. A few minutes later they switched back again. This happened a few times, and Jeffrey felt his balls starting to tighten at the feeling of the amazing twin blowjob.

"You're going to make me come, and I don't want to yet," he growled. "I need to fuck you both first."

With that, he stood up, taking his two lovers by the hands and pulling them towards the bed. When they got there, Kelly immediately sat on the edge of the mattress and sucked him back into her mouth once more.

At the same time Issara pressed herself against him and kissed him. The elven mage did not resist as he undid the knots to her robe and let it fall from her body. Then he pulled his shirt over his head, leaving all three of them completely naked.

After a few moments Kelly pulled her head from his cock and grinned. "Time for you to fuck me, Jeffrey."

She pushed herself further up onto the mattress and spread her legs apart to reveal her soaking pussy. Jeffrey groaned at the sight, then angled his dick with her snatch and pushed inwards. Soon he was fully nestled inside the gorgeous deputy and he started to thrust. It did not take long until he was pounding his hips against her.

Her entire body shook as he fucked her, rocking back and forth with each powerful impact. Issara seductively climbed onto the bed next to her and suddenly Kelly wrapped both hands around the elf's head to tug her in for a frantic kiss. Jeffrey watched on in awe as the elf returned the kiss with pure passion, reaching out to grasp and squeeze one of Kelly's big tits. Suddenly Kelly broke the kiss and stared at her with need.

"I've been wanting to do that for days," the busty blonde whispered.

"Me too," Issara responded breathlessly, then resumed the kiss.

As the two women kissed, Jeffrey did not cease the steady rhythm of his hips. Suddenly Kelly reached out and grasped his hand tightly, making it clear he hadn't been forgotten. After a short while she broke her kiss with Issara and stared at him desperately.

"Gods, Jeffrey, you feel so good," she sobbed, staring into his eyes. He could feel her snatch narrowing on his dick and knew she was going to come. "Don't stop!"

He had no intention of stopping. He leant down and pressed his forehead against hers as he pounded her. The blonde looped her arms around his neck, kissing him hard as he drove his cock into her hot tunnel.

Moments later he felt her cunt clamp down, seizing hold of his shaft. A scream of pleasure was torn from Kelly's lungs, her limbs twitching as her body jerked and her juices leaked from her pussy. She was coming incredibly hard.

Eventually, however, the pleasure faded and she slumped back onto the bed with a dazed grin. Jeffrey eased his cock from her pussy and she moaned, her brown eyes slowly regaining focus.

"That was so hot," Issara said, awestruck. Then she looked at him and grinned wickedly. "But now it's my turn." She twisted away, moving onto all fours on the mattress and waggling her ass at him.

He took the hint. Climbing onto the bed behind her, he grasped his cock and eased it into her tight elven pussy. She moaned as his head pierced her folds and he sank deeper. Soon he was hilted fully inside the beautiful red-haired mage.

Immediately he started to thrust, enjoying Issara's blissful yelps every time his hips collided with hers. She looked so good bent over before him, her red hair messy over her back. He reached around to grab and squeeze one of her swinging breasts.

Suddenly Kelly stirred next to him. She sat up and giggled into his ear. "I came so hard, Jeffrey," she whispered. "Now it's time to make Issara feel that way."

He agreed and fucked the mage harder, moving both hands to firmly hold her hips. Issara's face was buried in the bedsheets and she was practically sobbing in ecstasy. Suddenly she lifted her head and cried out in pleasure.

"I love your big cock, Jeffrey," she moaned. "Keep fucking me!"

That was not a command he would have trouble obeying. He grunted and groaned as he slammed his dick into her wonderful elven cunt, the sounds of their sex loud as he lustfully plowed the gorgeous elf from behind.

"I'm going to... going to come..." she whimpered, her body tensing.

He knew he was near release too. His balls twitched and that meant he was only seconds away. Issara's tunnel was squeezing his dick tighter and tighter and a few moments later her orgasm arrived.

With a howl of pure pleasure she pushed herself upright and pressed her hips back against him. He felt her cunt spasm against his member and that was all the pleasure he needed. His magic cock erupted inside the mage, hosing down her sensitive elven walls with his hot cum and they were both temporarily lost to incredibly powerful climaxes.

At last the moment passed and soon the three lovers were lying tangled together in a sweaty heap on the mattress.

"I hope that was a worthy reward for your heroic deeds," Kelly giggled.

He grinned. "It was."

And as he lay there with his two beautiful companions, he realised one thing: thanks to him, they had all the time in the world.

THE END