 Short and to the point: This is a Breast Expansion Fetish story. If B.E.'s not up your alley, then you probably shouldn't bother with this tale.

Thank you.

~

Siren Song, Part 7 — No Other Way

by

Paul Gerard (a pen name)

~

First Draft started 2008-06-17

This version 2012-10-15

Proof-reading: A very heartfelt thank you to CoffeePilot for his time and patience.

~

Altaerna — A world, where the laws of reality may become mere guidelines at any given time, where magic and machinery are intertwined, where all those things creeping in the shadows of fantasy may step forward onto the mind's stage.

This story unfolds in medieval times, around the 12th Century. 1185, if you're one for nitpicking.

~

Once upon a time ...

The year is 1185, the world is Altaerna, and the place is somewhere in the temperate climate where people are mostly pale and mostly stubborn.

A winter ago, a lithe and lissom young woman saved a handsome young fisherman from drowning. The fisherman's would-be fiance, headstrong cold-hearted not-so-young Menena, the town's mayor and wealthy shop owner, didn't take it lightly when her trusted maid Barbara and her well-equipped secret boy toy David fell for each other hard and fast despite being unable to join in carnal pleasures (on account of Barbara's nethers being a thimble and David being ... rather more than that).

Consumed by jealousy, Menena saw to it that David was banned from the town, with Menena maligning him whenever she could. Barbara was given the boot but still found a little lenience in Menena's eyes for the years of service, so the lithe blonde was allowed to spend market days in the side streets where she's now trying to sell for a living the fishes that David catches with his tiny boat and his worn nets. The outcast couple of twenty-somethings got secretly married and made it through their first year, living a life of privation in a tiny hut atop the cliffs, hours from the town.

Part 1:

Spring has returned. Going for a swim while waiting for her husband's return, Barbara hits upon a drifting net chock-full of fish while her other half David makes but a single lucky catch out at sea. Reunited, the young couple retreats into their favorite hideaway to have another go at their most pressing problem, their inability to consume their marriage properly. Still unable to succeed, they resort to each other's dexterity like the many times before.

As Barbara prepares lunch gutting the fish David brought, she discovers a valuable pendant in its belly. Putting it on, she — is woken by her husband, hours later. Not only has she developed quite the appetite for the unfamiliar fishes that the new net seems to attract, she also suddenly succeeds in devouring herculean meat (wink, wink). When David sets out to a bigger and more distant town in an effort to sell more of his catches, Barbara ends up doing a little self-exploration on a moonlit night. She also ends up with quite some more Barbara before the night is through. After a day spent in fear and despair, and lucky for her self-conscious mind, a) most of it has disappeared again by the time Dave returns, and b) David doesn't mind the surplus left on her at all.

As the next market day comes around, Barbara squeezes into her now ill-fitting old clothes and is about to go on a quest for answers about what has befallen her, and her first stop will be the town's healer and midwife. Alas, the market isn't over yet ...

Part 2:

Following Barbara's erroneously assuring visit to the town's midwife, Barbara and David indulge in Barbara's new voluptuousness and carnal hunger. As her ever-increasing desires begin to overwhelm David's abilities, he searches for a second opinion on the strange pendant and gets advice from a young, traveling, bad-tempered, dark-skinned dancing girl called Yrba who also happens to be witch. Meanwhile, back home alone, another outbreak of multiple expansion hits Barbara as her strange visions once again cross over into her reality. When she wakes the next morning, more than just her most eye-catching attributes have changed ...

Part 3:

After David relays his tale of the meeting with the witch, Barbara allows him to hide away the pendant. Barbara's worries about her husband's response to her increased voluptuousness prove to be unfounded. As they celebrate their reunion after the days of separation, some of the power fueling Barbara's transformation is passed on to her husband, enlarging his one already oversized attribute even further while shielding their minds from becoming suspicious.

With David away on his next trip to the city, Barbara attempts to better her standing with her former mistress — and it backfires in ways that the poor young woman never would've expected. Weak, drained and more chest-heavy than ever, she staggers home ...

Part 4:

Much to her horror, Barbara's body draws its own conclusion after her mammaries have been relieved of a bucketful of milk at her former mistress' hands, and it decides that a pair of massively swollen breasts capable of lactation by the gallon is the way to go. As Menena arrives the next morning, Barbara is helplessly chained to the kitchen table by her two humungous orbs brimming with milk. Menena discovers the enchanted pendant and decides on a whim that her favorite milk source isn't big enough yet. She ties up Barbara and leaves the helpless young woman exposed to an even bigger dose of the trinket's otherworldly powers.

David returns the next morning only to run into Menena. Tempers fly as the bossy woman realizes that her former toy boy will stay true to his wife no matter what ...

Part 5:

While Barbara remains trapped in the hut, her body rendered immobile by her colossal cans and her mind drifting into and out of strange visions, David tries to find a way to get her to the witch he so rashly infuriated, only to learn that Menena has taken steps to make sure her slave and her cow can't leave before her ultimatum runs out. As her lust and breasts grow, Barbara becomes more than willing to give herself up to her former mistress.

A pendant-induced afternoon nap leads to another vision, and when Barbara and David wake up at dawn, they learn that Barbara's breasts are not the only things susceptible to enlargement in the vicinity of the strange medallion. Endowed beyond belief by the pendant's powers and a slave to Barbara's horniness, David's reluctance doesn't last long until he gives in and services his wife deep into the night. As the couple drifts away into exhaustion and the moon rises over the ocean, the scene is set for another player about to enter the game ...

Part 6:

Barbara wakes to the sensation of new milk and impending growth in her gargantuan rack, and her last vision left her with the ability to hear the call of the sirens in the bay and a vague understanding of what has befallen her. With no choice but to give in, David reluctantly fetches the medallion. The couple learns that while its powers do grant resilience to the skin of Barbara's breasts, it doesn't offer enough strength to get her moving again. It's up to the couple to find a way to bring Barbara and her ever-swelling endowments down to the beach. Wheelbarrows collapse and nets tear as the growth of the young woman's breasts gets out of hand and sends her reeling along the steep path down the cliffs ...

~

Part 7: No Other Way

Obscure inspirational music reference:

"... but the arms of the ocean deliver me / Though the pressure's hard to take / it's the only way I can escape / it seems a heavy choice to make..." — Florence And The Machine, Never Let Me Go

~

Chapter 21: Beached

~

The moonlit night colored the crescent-shaped stretch of soft sand beneath the steep cliffs in hues of blue. Pale and full, the solitary companion of planet Altaerna slowly set towards the western horizon.

A handful of boulders dotted the beach near the cliffs and towards the wet sand where the waves licked gently along the shore. One of them stuck out. Its surface was smooth, rounded and almost white, in stark contrast to the dark colors of the jagged rocks around it. A woman lay prostrate and spread-eagled on the plinth that rose about a yard from the sand and had about two yards in diameter, and a man in a ragged tunic knelt by her side and held her hands.

"Feeling better now, Barbara?" he whispered and ran one hand across the round pedestal. Its surface yielded the faintest amount to his caress, for the flattened boulder under David's beloved wife was not hard rock. Barbara rested on her own, mind-blowingly engorged mammaries, hopelessly tied to the enchanted gallons of slowly throbbing flesh whose weight had sent her tumbling and crashing down the path that led from the couple's poor hut atop the cliff to the beach below.

"Still aching," groaned Barbara. "I think I'm still swelling bigger, it hasn't stopped. Uhhh! Nipples — getting harder, can feel them digging into the sand. Gods, David, it's just going on and on and on. I'll never be able to walk again, heavy and bloated as I am now." Her eyes focused on the water's edge, and she gulped. "Here they come."

~

Dark shadows moved in from the open sea, their undulating shapes darting along just beneath the surface. Like arrows, their triangular wakes all pointed to the spot where Barbara lay beached, panting from exhaustion and the numb after-pain of her violent impact.

The shallow waters gradually revealed the mermaids' writhing bodies. The tiny scales of their long fishtails reflected the moonlight. Some were a uniform shade of silver, others had bright and colorful patterns and streaks. The approaching line parted in the middle, and a solitary shape of brightly sparkling silver took the helm. It broke the surface in a shower of glittering droplets. The tall, curvy female figure rose high on her whipping fish tail, turned her head and sent her platinum-white mane flying in a wide arc, spraying a veil of water. For a moment, Barbara forgot all of her pains and worries and just stared.

The moonlight unveiled every nook and cranny of the pale-skinned, curvy woman soaring high over the surf; it highlighted the gradual change from the slime-glossy muscular fish tail with its surface of metallic scales into the semblance of knees and a pair of fused thighs, widening towards the human-like wet skin barely able to contain her fertile, all-too-alluring womanly hips. Between her hips, a seashell held by thin chains over the fold at her plump mound of venus failed its purpose. As the palm-sized plate followed inertia, it gave way for a brief flash of a pair of impressively long, hairless, well-padded outer labia. Impressively long was also her curling and coiling tail that tapered out five yards from her hips until it spread out into a yard-wide fin of almost clear skin, fortified by elastic fishbones. The fin's tips ended in long strands that floated in her motions' wake.

Above the waist, her human body was Menena's mirror image. Almost mirror image, Barbara recognized. This mermaid was beyond full in the chest, yet not an inch of sag affected her pair of pumped up pumpkins, round and proud and each bigger than the creature's head. The areola in the orbs' centers were palm-sized mounds of their own, crowned by nipples like strawberries. Golden chains jingled around the firm spheres, decorating their shape yet hiding nothing. Barbara's eyes jumped higher to the friendly smiling face under the delicate silver tiara indicating that she was of higher rank than her entourage. A little wear and wrinkles in the corners of the eyes and full lips said mother, and all the rest of her well-padded curves moaned loudly ooh mama!

"Hail to the Feeder!" proclaimed the mermaid queen with husky, slightly gargling voice as she slowly descended into the water again, her arms out in greeting towards Barbara, who blinked and immediately felt the ungodly weight of her whale rack again.

"Hail to the Feeder," the congregation whispered, their voices filled with hushed adoration.

After a moment's pause, the queen advanced slowly into the shallow shore. Her face with pronounced cheekbones and the slightly wide nose took on a puzzled expression, and she raised her shoulders and angled her arms questioningly.

"Errr — forgive us for asking, your Feedness, but why aren't you in the water yet?"

She squinted, struggling with her sea-born sight dealing badly with the air. Then her eyes grew big, her tail flapped distractedly and got stuck on the sand, she lost her regal posture and splashed undignifiedly face down into the shallow water, bouncing on her plenteous mammaries. Steadying herself and raising her head, she brushed her tangled hair from her eyes and gasped, "— All the Gods and giant clams! You're massive!"

~

"You!" exclaimed Barbara, staring at the mermaid queen's round face. "It's you! You spoke to me in my dreams! So you made me into this!"

"Did not," the voluptuous apparition protested indignantly, propping herself up higher from her elbows and sitting back onto a coil of her own tail. Her flattened pillows turned into bouncing dangling bells as she quickly brushed away the sand that clung to her wet skin.

"I heard your voice! You called to me! Only you looked all silver and shiny, but don't you deny it! You did this!" Barbara insisted, gesticulating at herself.

"If I may, my queen?" the lithe young mermaid surfacing and sidling up to the distinguished fish woman's side interjected meekly. Thin rivulets fell from her chin and her button nose on her firm breasts as she kept her eyes down and ran her webbed fingers through her soaked, short, emerald-green hair, flattening it against her head. As she rose higher, the water revealed slightly flared hips and juicy buttocks.

The queen spun around on her tail and put her hands to her hips, her motions all that of an angry attacking snake. Her target jerked back in surprise and fear.

"Yes, you may, Anosthea," hissed the buxom leader, slowly propelling herself higher as the water around her whipping tail foamed up. Her finger pointed first at Barbara, then shot straight at the new arrival's chest that seemed flat against the abundance proudly presented by the rest of the mermaids. "I never ssssssaw her before!" sibilated the towering woman. "So why does she claim I talked to her? Why is she so big? The new feeder's supposed to be more like," her hands cupped and juggled two invisible watermelons, "— and not like," she raised her eyebrows and nodded sideways towards the pale orbs dwarfing Barbara's splayed body, "— that. Care to explain thisss, witch?"

The queen's icy glare made the fish girl squirm like a worm on a hook. Her eyes darted anywhere but to the queen's frowning face, and her faintly tiger-striped tail coiled up like a wounded eel.

"I — I —," she stuttered as she slowly paddled backwards, fidgeting with her fingers before her chest, until she let her hands fall to her side. Her shoulders sagged and she hung her head. "I can't. Sorry. It's wrong. It's all wrong. It should've never — it's the pendant, is my guess. I mean, why she recognizes you. Sometimes magic — especially the complicated kind — it may be a bit alive. Just a tiny bit. Maybe it learned — it might be just some — some reflection of you that got stuck inside while it's been in the throne room. Maybe. Or it took you as a template. Orunatia never taught me the finer things about all that Holy Feeder's succession stuff."

She clenched her fists and, desperation in her oval face with the almond eyes, raised her head to her queen towering over her.

"I'm just the apprentice, for crying out loud! It's not my fault Oru went and got herself killed diving into the black abyss before she could tell me! All she told me was that she'd found that water-crazy girl and how she was the Chosen One, so I just stuffed that one big fish with the jewel and threw it aboard her companion's boat when he wasn't looking, and she found the pendant, and she ate all the food we sent her, and we did the singing and the drumming and all the rituals, so it should've been just fine!"

"Oh yes, the singing! Oh, that was beautiful!" One of the guardians inhaled deeply. Her chest bulged, and she extended her arms.

All of a sudden, Barbara's head was about to explode. The pain felt like an arrow through her temples, and she tried to plug her ears to the infernal screeching. Deep in her chest, the glands and muscles began to quiver again.

"Will you keep your gills shut!" hissed Anosthea over her shoulder, shutting up the blushing guardian.

"Oh the gods," moaned Barbara, slowly collecting herself after the mind-numbing aural assault. "So that was what made my skull almost burst for all those weeks, and it's so much worse up close!"

"Hey now, our voices are glorious," the singer protested quietly.

"Er, yes, well, let's admit we're better underwater," sighed Anosthea. "Like I said, we did the singing, and we fed her. I saw her before, swimming along over our heads, she was nothing but a slim snake! She needed all the food we could send her! I don't know what she did to become a beached whale. I'm just saying, about the only way for," she gesticulated towards Barbara, "that to happen would be if someone stuffed herself from the Chosen's food and listened to the sirens' song but didn't wear —"

Anosthea stopped mid-sentence and raised her hands halfway to her mouth. The mermaid's head slowly turned to the breathtaking pair of breasts with a dab of Barbara on top. Her eyes grew big with bewilderment.

"You did not by any chance take the pendant off, did you?" she asked incredulously.

"Did not take it off? I hardly ever wore that evil thing!" Barbara yelled back.

"What?" Anosthea threw her arms at the helpless naked woman. "Hardly ever — and, and evil? — the what now? It's a beautiful pendant! It's totally smooth, with the best chain I could pilfer from the wrecks, and it's got the blue stones of strength, and the silver that never ages, and it even has a feel-good hex on it! And that awfully complicated calming one that kept you from going bonkers over your changes! And the avatar to console you and the feeder hex that kept you from gnawing the meat from your husband's bones! The days I spent, trying to get that bugger right, what with all that magical junk squeezed into it! Why would anyone ever take it off? Goodness and all the storms of the sea! Growing these two whales without the pendant, you're lucky that your mind hasn't settled from your head into your udders! What is it that's wrong with you dirtwalkers? Should I have picked a smelly lump of rotten umbra to hang around your neck? Would that've worked better? I — ah — guh! — Aaaugh!" Her exclamations ended in unarticulated gasps and angry shrieks, and she circled on the spot and ruffled her short wet hair in desperation until the bristles made her head look like a very big and very green sea urchin.

"I — I'm sorry! How could I have know —," Barbara started, then her voice turned into single wail, "Ineverwantedanyofthis! Whydidyoudothistome —"

"Whu—?" Anosthea stopped her circling, crossed her arms before her chest and turned her back on Barbara, talking over her shrugging shoulder with her nose high in the air. "Hey now, it wasn't me who showed up day after day, no matter if it was sun or rain or summer or winter, paddling above our heads all naked and frolicking about like you're ocean-born. It really wasn't much of a surprise that Orunatia pointed at you and said, 'she's just the right one, looks like she'd love to stay in the water forever anyway.' There. I just do what I'm told. Happy now?"
