 Part 6 -- Tumblin' Down

by

Paul Gerard (a pen name)

~

First Draft started 2008-06-17

This version 2012-10-03

Proof-reading: A very heartfelt thank you to CoffeePilot for his time and patience.

~

Altaerna — A world, where the laws of reality may become mere guidelines at any given time, where magic and machinery are intertwined, where all those things creeping in the shadows of fantasy may step forward onto the mind's stage.

This story unfolds in medieval times, around the 12th Century. 1185, if you're one for nitpicking.

~

A word of warning, before you even start reading: A lot of what happens in this story focuses on the rather weird fetish of Breast Expansion (BE) -- from A to D, and occasionally up to and ultimately beyond the size depicted in Woody Allen's "Giant Breast" skit in "Everything you always wanted to know about sex" (the 1972 movie). If you thought that was hilarious, or unsettlingly arousing, you're more than welcome to continue reading. Of course this tale has action, tension and fighting (in short, "conventional" storytelling), too.

However, if you are put off by the sheer offbeat weird impossible flight of fancy that is BE, you probably shouldn't bother with this tale.

Thank you.

~

Once upon a time ...

The year is 1185, the world is Altaerna, and the place is somewhere in the temperate climate where people are mostly pale and mostly stubborn.

A winter ago, a lithe and lissom young woman saved a handsome young fisherman from drowning. The fisherman's would-be fiance, headstrong cold-hearted not-so-young Menena, the town's mayor and wealthy shop owner, didn't take it lightly when her trusted maid Barbara and her well-equipped secret boy toy David fell for each other hard and fast despite being unable to join in carnal pleasures (on account of Barbara's nethers being a thimble and David being ... rather more than that).

Consumed by jealousy, Menena saw to it that David was banned from the town, with Menena maligning him whenever she could. Barbara was given the boot but still found a little lenience in Menena's eyes for the years of service, so the lithe blonde was allowed to spend market days in the side streets where she's now trying to sell for a living the fishes that David catches with his tiny boat and his worn nets. The outcast couple of twenty-somethings got secretly married and made it through their first year, living a life of privation in a tiny hut atop the cliffs, hours from the town.

Part 1:

Spring has returned. Going for a swim while waiting for her husband's return, Barbara hits upon a drifting net chock-full of fish while her other half David makes but a single lucky catch out at sea. Reunited, the young couple retreats into their favorite hideaway to have another go at their most pressing problem, their inability to consume their marriage properly. Still unable to succeed, they resort to each other's dexterity like the many times before.

As Barbara prepares lunch gutting the fish David brought, she discovers a valuable pendant in its belly. Putting it on, she — is woken by her husband, hours later. Not only has she developed quite the appetite for the unfamiliar fishes that the new net seems to attract, she also suddenly succeeds in devouring herculean meat (wink, wink). When David sets out to a bigger and more distant town in an effort to sell more of his catches, Barbara ends up doing a little self-exploration on a moonlit night. She also ends up with quite some more Barbara before the night is through. After a day spent in fear and despair, and lucky for her self-conscious mind, a) most of it has disappeared again by the time Dave returns, and b) David doesn't mind the surplus left on her at all.

As the next market day comes around, Barbara squeezes into her now ill-fitting old clothes and is about to go on a quest for answers about what has befallen her, and her first stop will be the town's healer and midwife. Alas, the market isn't over yet ...

Part 2:

Following Barbara's erroneously assuring visit to the town's midwife, Barbara and David indulge in Barbara's new voluptuousness and carnal hunger. As her ever-increasing desires begin to overwhelm David's abilities, he searches for a second opinion on the strange pendant and gets advice from a young, traveling, bad-tempered, dark-skinned dancing girl called Yrba who also happens to be witch. Meanwhile, back home alone, another outbreak of multiple expansion hits Barbara as her strange visions once again cross over into her reality. When she wakes the next morning, more than just her most eye-catching attributes have changed ...

Part 3:

After David relays his tale of the meeting with the witch, Barbara allows him to hide away the pendant. Barbara's worries about her husband's response to her increased voluptuousness prove to be unfounded. As they celebrate their reunion after the days of separation, some of the power fueling Barbara's transformation is passed on to her husband, enlarging his one already oversized attribute even further while shielding their minds from becoming suspicious.

With David away on his next trip to the city, Barbara attempts to better her standing with her former mistress — and it backfires in ways that the poor young woman never would've expected. Weak, drained and more chest-heavy than ever, she staggers home ...

Part 4:

Much to her horror, Barbara's body draws its own conclusion after her mammaries have been relieved of a bucketful of milk at her former mistress' hands, and it decides that a pair of massively swollen breasts capable of lactation by the gallon is the way to go. As Menena arrives the next morning, Barbara is helplessly chained to the kitchen table by her two humungous orbs brimming with milk. Menena discovers the enchanted pendant and decides on a whim that her favorite milk source isn't big enough yet. She ties up Barbara and leaves the helpless young woman exposed to an even bigger dose of the trinket's otherworldly powers.

David returns the next morning only to run into Menena. Tempers fly as the bossy woman realizes that her former toy boy will stay true to his wife no matter what ...

Part 5:

While Barbara remains trapped in the hut, her body rendered immobile by her colossal cans and her mind drifting into and out of strange visions, David tries to find a way to get her to the witch he so rashly infuriated, only to learn that Menena has taken steps to make sure her slave and her cow can't leave before her ultimatum runs out. As her lust and breasts grow, Barbara becomes more than willing to give herself up to her former mistress.

A pendant-induced afternoon nap leads to another vision, and when Barbara and David wake up at dawn, they learn that Barbara's breasts are not the only things susceptible to enlargement in the vicinity of the strange medallion. Endowed beyond belief by the pendant's powers and a slave to Barbara's horniness, David's reluctance doesn't last long until he gives in and services his wife deep into the night. As the couple drifts away into exhaustion and the moon rises over the ocean, the scene is set for another player about to enter the game ...

~

Part 6: Tumblin' down

Obscure inspirational music reference:

"Now I'm falling on my knees / And tumblin' down" — Jenna Andrews, Tumblin' down

~

Chapter 19: The Calling

~ 

The full moon neared the apex of its path. Its cold light filtered through a thin veil of high clouds and turned the crests of the ocean waves into silvery lines as they ran out along the beach beneath the cliffs. The windows of the small, two-room hut sitting close to the edge were dark.

Beneath the rear room's window, the celestial light mirrored in the palm-sized silver disc of a pendant that lay on the ground, partially leaning against the outside of the wall.

~

Barbara stirred in her sleep. The window was open, and the leaves in the bushes outside rustled in a gentle breeze that came in from the sea. The tall blonde's breath followed the rhythm of the distant whispers of the waves rolling onto the shore.

Three months ago, twenty years old Barbara had been sylphlike, just a twig in her same age husband's strong hands and so tight and narrow everywhere on her body that they hadn't been able to consummate their marriage but with their deft fingers on and in each others' sensuous parts. Then the silver pendant arrived, hidden in the belly of an accidental catch, and over the course of the weeks Barbara the slender water rat had swollen from svelte to curvaceous. While her body had been satisfied reaching statuesque proportions and changing some of its inner workings to wetly welcome her well-hung husband, her breasts had suffered a different fate. At the hands of her former mistress and now fiercest foe, Menena the mayor, poor Barbara had been tricked into chewing a handful of certain performance-enhancing herbs not meant for human consumption but for bovines.

Barbara snuggled the curves of her round seductive buttocks and back closer to the warm muscles of her husband. Their exhausted bodies spooned again now that they both had sagged down the slope of Barbara's mind-numbingly mountainous breasts. The massive two and a half foot high and almost four foot long pears with peach-sized nipples dwarfed the young woman's perfect physique and turned her appearance into a grotesque caricature of womanhood. Pancaking under their own weight, the barrels of nurturing glands and padding tissue filled more than half of the wide mattress made from straw and a thin layer of coarse cloth.

Barbara groaned and rolled her hip. She smacked her lips delightedly as the insides of her thighs and the muscle rings of her vagina rubbed around the half-erect cock of her husband. The thick, juicy, slightly soft pole held the sopping hole into the inhuman sheath hidden under her midriff's skin well plugged. Despite the couple's draining encounter only hours before, David's magically augmented gargantuan member had reluctantly obeyed Barbara's deft fingers and had gained enough inches and solidity to be inserted into her from behind again, granting her the final wish of falling asleep while being joined as intimately as lovers could hope to be. Tomorrow morning insatiable Menena would force David to become her personal slave for only the gods knew how long and leave Barbara stuck in the poor hut to serve as Menena's very own human cow. Tonight the two young lovers were inseparable.

The wash of the waves filtered through Barbara's ears. Her forehead wrinkled. She twisted, still fast asleep. The weight of her anchors made of skin and flesh kept her ribcage locked in place and her mouth opened to release a faint moan of fear.

~

The black sand under Barbara's house-sized breasts turned wet as the incoming tide slowly rose. The border between dull dark sand and glistening darker water crept in rapidly from beyond the horizon. Barbara pulled and pushed desperately, but she was nothing but a tiny appendage to the twin orbs of her taut boobs that bore no semblance to anything remotely human or even bovine. They were two pumped bulging spheres of pent-up milk and strumming glands, and their weight measured in dozens of tons.

The water approached rapidly now. Barbara struggled harder, but the only thing she managed to do was to cause her skin and flesh all over her ribs to ache horribly. She stopped and leaned into the barely yielding wall of skin in front of her.

"I don't want to die," she whispered. Tears ran down her cheeks and dropped on the onset of her breasts. "Gods, I don't want to drown in this darkness, all alone."

A hand caressed her back. Its warm fingertips traced down along the groove of her spine. The slender fingers splayed wide and cupped Barbara's right buttock, squeezing it probingly.

"Mmh," replied a woman's throaty voice behind Barbara. "What are you prattling on about?"

Barbara craned her neck. Silver light filled her view. She saw the shining features and understood that the strange glowing woman wore the most friendly smile, and yet a single blink was enough that Barbara couldn't for the life of her remember what it actually looked like. The face was inches away, but it never registered in the young woman's mind, so she immediately recognized the creature for its lack of features.

"You! It's you again! Help me! Oh please, help me! The tide is coming! I'll drown! I'm so heavy, I can't — I'll sink —"

The non-face smiled wider. "Oh dear, Barbara. Drown? What gave you that idea? Look at you!" Barbara squeaked in surprise as the woman's other hand slapped the high-rising sphere in front of her. "Did you think you're giving milk? No, my dear, it's cream. Two mountains of the finest, sweetest cream just waiting to be tapped. Now tell me, does cream sink or swim, love?"

The silver woman walked along the circumference of Barbara's beached breasts. Her fingers never left the smooth skin as she disappeared behind the horizon of the spherical expanse of milk and flesh.

"So — so I'll float?" Barbara called after her.

Out of her sight, the wandering hands slipped on until they ran over her puffy areola. "Just the tiniest bit. You'll fly through the sea like a bird flies on the wind."

"Ah!" moaned Barbara. A curious, amply moistened finger wiggled into the big hole of her left teat. "Oh yes! Open it!" she begged. "Let me spend my cream —"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk," was the reply from behind the wall of breast. "You're not ready yet, sweetheart. If you fear your milk won't be enough to keep you afloat, then I have just the thing for you." The finger tickled the tight, puckered valve at the root of Barbara's long nipple, then pulled out again as the seal began to quiver. Lips closed tightly around the trembling teat. Barbara heard a deep inhale through the nose, and then pressure built on her nipple.

"No — please, no! Oh please, mercy!"

The nipple opened eagerly. The creature's warm exhale squeezed into the ducts, forcing the milk back into Barbara's glands. Barbara felt the strain in her skin and its sudden yielding to the growing amount of pressurized air being forced into her breast. Within seconds, her areola bloated into a lewd, nub-covered pumpkin on top of the curvature of her mammary, and her growth spread on into the towering sphere of her left boob. Barbara tried hard to be scared, but the tons and tons of her breast flesh had a significant majority over her, and they very much enjoyed every new cubic inch they gained.

Another pair of hands grabbed her right nipple. Again she heard a wet smacking of lips around a finger, and then came the stretching of her other teat as it strained around the invading digit until the tip reached the other seal and a gentle stroke sent the crinkled ring muscle into preparing spasms.

"Why? Why are you doing this to me? I'm so huge already, I'm — uuuhh!" she moaned, slowly losing out to the avalanche of lustful mind-numbing sensations. Instead of a reply, her right breast received the same kiss of airy inflation, and Barbara trembled as horniness took away control of her legs. She sagged to her knees, held upright by the inverted funnels that connected her chest to her overwhelming breasts. The curved, smooth surface of her boobs filled her sight and the avalanche of flesh inched closer with every passing moment as their growth continued. Warmth exuded abundantly from the white wall that was merely half an arm's length from her face. Every second saw it lean more over Barbara.

"Gods — please, have mercy! It's going to crush me! I'm going to bury myself!" She pushed into the barely yielding spheres, two times, three times; then she held her hands well away as she realized that every punch and thrust sent rolling, massaging waves through the tissue, making her hornier and chipping away at her resolve, turning her thoughts into mush.

Barbara's tight skin squeaked as a tall, firm rod squeezed into the chasm of her cleavage from the far side. Reddish glow filtered through her flesh. A fist at the end of a toned arm popped from the crack, and finally the strange being with its body made of light and silver and a face that left no trace in Barbara's mind wiggled free from the confines of her cleavage. She spread her legs lightly, put her feet down to the left and right of Barbara's thighs and towered inches from the kneeling young woman. Though Barbara's eyes refused to reveal any details about the pillar of white that stood encased left and right and back by the mountains of Barbara's breasts, their sensitive skin told Barbara of the apparition's narrow waist, of a well-defined, muscular back, of proud shoulders and even prouder buttocks that pushed into the warm house-high cushions of Barbara's obscene boobs.

"But — those mouths — blowing into my teats —," stammered Barbara. Another throb of growth reduced the space between her breasts even more as her skin tightened further, and whatever she intended to say next ended up as "— mmmffft" as she dove head-first into the midriff of light. Yes, they kept on filling her, and despite her fear of being crushed, deep down on a primal level it kept on feeling so wonderful. The thing lay its slender hands on Barbara's shoulders and stroked her gently.

"Oh my darling, I can have as many bodies and mouths as I need to make you fulfill your destiny," smirked the stranger. "Come now, it's time. Oh, you're so huge, I'm curious how you'll manage! You made things not so easy for me, but let that be forgiven. Let my kiss enlighten you now."

"No — no, I don't want that! Gods, what are you doing to me?" Barbara managed to squeeze out through the corner of her mouth by turning her face away from the flat midriff. Silver fingers played in her hair and held her head to the warm, pleasingly smooth skin of the being's belly, almost smothering Barbara in her stroking hands.

"The most wonderful things, my love," purred the voluptuous apparition as she bowed down.

The silver woman ran her fingertips along Barbara's jaw. Barbara raised her head and rose towards her by instinct to prolong the gentle touch. Her mouth pouted stronger and she opened her puckered lips further the closer their faces inched. Behind the almost painfully bright glow of the apparition's features, Barbara thought to see a shade of laughter lines before their lips met and Barbara's eyes closed, overwhelmed by the glare and the rush of delight that flooded her through the connection of sensuous, soft flesh. Plump lips sucked gently on her own and drew her lower lip in between two rows of smooth sharp teeth. The creature's breath burned with horniness as she panted, "Oh my darling, the times we could've had! The things we could've done together! The secrets I could've taught you!" She convulsed, trapping Barbara's right leg between her own sturdy legs. Moisture dripped like molten silver down Barbara's thigh.

The being shivered all over and staggered lightly, then she regained her balance and straightened again.

"Haaaaah," she gasped. "Oh, thank you, lovely. Thank you so much. Now this here is what I must do, before we part to meet again one more time."

The woman's fingers made their way along Barbara's neck, ruffling her mane until those hands of light and warmth finally cupped the sides of her head and held her ears in the corner of thumb and forefinger. The apparition's disembodied voice rang in her head, and it whispered:
