 Since Constance still hadn't had her first test, Euphemia was willing to give her and Jay another chance to try again before the real classes could begin. But...

Jay couldn't sleep again. Since last night's failed consummation, the nightmares had gotten worse. However he resolved not to drink before meeting Constance like last time. His past sins were haunting him with renewed strength. The innocent spirits of those he had killed stirred in his veins. Ghosts forever reminding him that he was a monster.

 Why should he get to enjoy a beautiful woman? Warm and alive while they were cold and dead? Jay stood at Constance's door and froze. 

He didn't deserve to be alive. He didn't deserve to get away with murder. Constance was a sweet girl. There was a light in her green eyes that shone in his darkness. He wanted to reach for it... Her first time shouldn't be with a monster. So he left to go to Euphemia instead.

Little did he know that Ion was watching from a distance. He smirked as he watched Jay rush down the corridor towards the Matron's quarters. Ion felt some blood rush to his cock. He couldn't contain his excitement. 

***

Unlike most of Chione which was a dystopia of modern architecture with poor communities as slums and rich communities the picture of sleek beauty, Hedone was built in honor of Old Earth Turkish/Islamic architecture. 

 The whole place (excepting the sliding mechanical doors and keypads) was like a Buddhist temple crossed with Middle Eastern styles. Sacred geometry patterns on the walls and the interior was a warm and welcoming with it's riot of warm, dark, luxurious colors unlike in other homes that were small, beige colored, sterile. 

Constance's bed was a round circle almost overflowing with satin throw pillows with red canopy curtains. The lighting was soft with fragrant scents of roses and orchids. 

 The entire scene could seduce a man. Constance was in her lavishly romantic room brushing her long dark curls, parting them with the sharp edge of an ivory comb. She was wearing a creamy white satin night gown and a red silk robe with black lace frills.

Then in the mirror she saw Ion enter unannounced. 

"You're beautiful with your hair down," Ion licked his lips, his cool blue eyes roving over her like she was some piece of meat.

"You're not supposed to be in here," Constance chided though inside butterflies flitted in her stomach. She went back to combing her hair trying to seem casual but her hand was shaking. 

"Why? You expecting someone?" Ion's blue eyes sparked with excitement. His whole body pensive trying to hold in some explosion. 

"As a matter of fact," Constance placed down her comb then turned to look at Ion directly. "I'm waiting for Jay." Constance spied her prayer beads. Her hands itched to have those lapis lazuli beads in her grasp. It was habit. Whenever she had to wrestle with anxiety Constance would hold her prayer beads then say prayers, pouring her negativity into them.

"Sorry to disappoint you but I just saw him walking past your room and going to see the Matron," Ion came closer as Constance rose from her seat and crossed her arms, causing her breasts to squeeze together making Ion's mouth water. Her silk robe was tied tightly around her waist. Many naughty thoughts danced in Ion's head.

"You're lying," Constance glared. Her cheeks burned. She pressed her lips together making them a darker shade of pink. She avoided Ion's penetrating gaze as he stood only a foot away. She could feel the heat coming from him in their close proximity. Ion played with the red silk curtain from Constance's bed.

"Sweet Constance...," Ion said her name his voice dripping with honey. "I wouldn't lie to you."

Constance looked up leaning against the vanity. She could feel a moist heat between her legs at the sight of Ion's beguiling smile. But there was something dangerous in his features. She trembled with apprehension as well as excitement. 

"What do you want, Ion?" Constance looked into his devious blue eyes. He reached out and took hold of the tie on her robe, holding it loosely then lightly pulling it to undo the tie revealing a bit of Constance's night gown and her full bosom. 

"You know what I want," he whispered, his voice husky with desire. Ion's blue eyes were electric searing through Constance's thin clothes. Damn Jay. 

 She could tell Ion to leave but shame and desire mingled hot in her throat preventing the words from coming forth. She needed to be taught love making in order to become a licensed courtesan so she could support her family. Also... there was this craving burning inside of her. For Ion.

Constance cast down her eyes then she stepped forth and pulled Ion in for a kiss. Soft to begin with. Light and innocent. Ion held back at first. He much preferred experienced women but he sensed in Constance potential. There was a sensuality in her. He sensed it when they were in that bath together. He sensed it in her tender pink lips. 

Her kiss was reluctant but that soon melted away into something intense. A desire that Ion intended to guide her through.

Ion stopped, he lingered for a moment seeing the guilty passion burning in Constance's emerald eyes then whispered, "Strip."

Almost against her will, she began to undress for him. Constance dropped her robe then her night gown, sliding from her elegant curves becoming a pool of silk on the floor. Her heart pounded as she stood before Ion in her nakedness. 

 Her ivory skin glowing in the soft lighting. Her breasts were round with two pink nipples that hardened into points. Her navel was pristine with a little fat but Ion liked that. Under Ion's greedy gaze, Constance crossed her arms over her luscious breasts in sudden embarrassment.

Ion licked his lips, his excitement growing as his tortured flesh strained against his pants. 

"Get on the bed," he ordered softly. Constance parted the curtains her every step as if she were weighted down with lead. She didn't want to seem too eager.

Her dark curls a waterfall, draping over her shoulders and hiding her full breasts. Ion prowled over like a tiger coming to claim it's kill. He removed his shirt revealing some of his thick taut muscles. A primal urge to bite into those muscles arose in Constance. 

Taking off his pants Constance blushed to see his rod rigid, red and swollen, it's mushroom head greeting her. Constance had seen slides of what a male member looked like but to actually see one in the flesh was another thing.

Her heart thudded against her breastbone as he came closer. He ran his hand up her leg kissing it tenderly, his hot breath giving her goosebumps. 

Then Ion took Constance by the ankles and pulled her down so that he was fully on top. His bare knee leaning against her now throbbing pussy. He smiled feeling the wetness of her. 

"I promise you'll enjoy this," Ion ran his thumb over Constance's lips, now dark and full with physical desire, pressing his thumb to her chin. Ion briefly ran his hand over her breast cupping it firmly he bent down and kissed it. His leg rubbed up against Constance's womanhood. A groan escaped her lips. She watched his jutting cock fascinated by it. Would it hurt?

"Touch it," Ion commanded gently. Constance reached, grabbing hold of her first cock. It was firm in her grasp. She felt it throb as she instinctively stroked it. Ion closed his eyes letting out a hungry growl. Constance had this sudden desire to kiss it. To lick it. To suck on it. Her clit awoke with a surge of lust and her pussy throbbed with need. 

Ion brought Constance up to him, her hand still stroking his eager maleness. He kissed her tenderly. This time Constance was more ready. She actually put out her tongue first, teasing his to join her in this sensual kiss. Her strokes quickened a little until Ion grabbed her wrist.

"You're going to make me come if you keep tugging like that," Ion laughed. 

"Sorry...," Constance's face flushed. 

"We need to take our time here," Ion pushed Constance down on her back, positioning himself between her supple creamy thighs. "Let me show you what a real man can do."

Constance bit her lip and closed her eyes as she felt Ion's rigid shaft push it's way into her tender flesh. She shifted uncomfortably at first until instinct took over and she felt Ion's smoldering rod pulsating inside her, stretching the walls of her body.

 As Ion pumped in slowly at first, Constance bucked her hips forward to meet his, driving him ever deeper inside her. 

Ion felt Constance's legs wrap around his waist to hold him in place. Her warm hands caressed his face. Her gentle fingers then threaded through his golden locks, gripping them as Ion finally got his whole shaft inside her. Constance felt the slap of Ion's scrotum and his tongue in her ear, moaning his name, "Ion..."

Encouraged, Ion picked up the pace. Constance whimpered a little. It was somewhat painful but oh so good. Ion's cock curved up hitting her G-spot causing her to spasm as a wave of fiery sensation rippled through her young body. A small squeak of delight spilled from her lovely mouth.

"That's it," Ion whispered as he thrusted faster. "I want you to come for me, Constance. Come for me..."

Constance dug her fingers into Ion's back muscles feeling them ripple and contort with each thrust moaning his name all the while as she approached that dizzying height of ecstasy. Her breathing became ragged. Her muscles flexed around Ion's throbbing hard flesh as he pumped faster. 

It was a blur of pain and pleasure. Constance surprised herself by saying, "Oh come on, baby... I want you to come inside me."

"Do you?"

"Yes. Yes. Yes!" Then she kissed him passionately, bit his lower lip as she pulled away then nipped at his ear. She didn't know why but she began licking and kissing his neck, causing Ion to groan. It was in her instinct to please others. She loved to comfort people. She wanted to make Ion feel good.

Ion increased his speed, pounding Constance's ripe pussy as Constance cried out for him not to stop. Constance closed her eyes, bit her lip as she felt swept away into heavenly bliss. She lost herself for a few seconds as her whole body became numb with joy. Ion came right after her, following Constance into a state of shared physical euphoria.

"Oh my... god, Ion..." 

Ion collapsed on top of her. Constance loved the feeling of Ion's weight. She felt something hot dripping down her leg. Was that her come or his? 

"Christ... Constance," Ion whispered breathlessly into her ear. "You're a natural." 

He was lulled with satisfaction. Her muscles locked then released his cock as it pulsated within her.

"I didn't really do much," Constance blushed. Ion rose up taking her in, her skin had a rosy glow, her dark hair a mess, her lips swollen and red, her emerald eyes glazed over from the high of her orgasm. It renewed his desire for her.

"You don't have to do anything though," Ion said, his smile wide and eyes full of lust. "That's your gift! And once I teach you all there is to know about stirring a man's desire you'll be the most wanted courtesan in the Athena Belt!"

***

"Just do it," Faro aimed his gun at his prisoner's head. Van (a.k.a. Jerome) was his code name on the dark network. Van hesitated. His finger hovered over the key that would lead his team to their death. Faro pressed the barrel harder to Jerome's head.

"I hate to repeat myself...," Faro snarled. 

"I do this...," Van asked his voice shaking. "You won't hurt my family."

"Sulla promised he would keep your family safe," Faro explained. "He's a man of his word." Van gulped then closed his eyes as his finger fell like the infamous guillotine. The word was sent. A new raid was to happen in a few days time. 

"Thank you for your cooperation," Faro pulled the trigger splattering Van's brains all over the floor. The body fell to the floor as Faro casually cleaned his gun. As Sulla's 2 man clean up crew came to take the body away Faro wondered what his friend Jay was doing right now.

***

Euphemia was reading her tablet, her glasses on the edge of her fine pointed nose. Her room was lavish with Persian rugs and velvet curtains, silk pillows, and silk sheets. The only two modern things in her room were a large glass flat screen attached to the wall, the keypad controlling the door, and her glass tablet. 

 She wore a long jade green kimono robe embroidered with white and pink cherry blossoms and swallows flying from branch to branch singing their silent songs. She had gained some weight since her courtesan days but one would say she had a voluptuous figure that fit that robe perfectly. 

She was reading the news about the E-Con being close to finding the Rekhyt terrorists. Euphemia miffed. As if rounding up terrorists would stop the civil unrest. That's when she heard a knock at her door. Curious Euphemia put down her glass tablet to go see who it was. Looking on the keypad screen she saw that it was Jay looking anxious. 

"Good grief. Now what?" Euphemia sighed frustrated, her nose crinkled in distaste.

Upon opening the door, Jay didn't waste words. He lunged forward trapping the Matron in a strong, practically desperate embrace, assaulting her mouth in feverish kisses. Euphemia was so shocked she didn't struggle. 

 Eventually that shock melted into sudden passion. It had been so long since a man had taken her like this with such urgent lust. Her common sense was over ruled temporarily. She was nothing if not flexible. 

***

Leila slept in her bed in her warm silk sheets. Her bed sheets were midnight blue while her canopy curtains were black strewn with star patterns. Leila would always count the stars to help her drift off to sleep.

Leila was dreaming of Naomi's soft lips. She moaned and turned in her bed as she dreamt of tasting Naomi's hot wet pussy. She dreamt of Naomi's fingers reaching between Leila's legs then playing with her engorged clit. Leila could actually feel them. She could smell Naomi's lilac perfume. 

Leila rolled over then felt Naomi's plush lips press against hers. She opened her dark eyes then was shocked to see that it was no dream. 

Leila pulled back, "What are you doing?"

"Doing what we used to do, remember?" Naomi spoke innocently but her manner and the look in her eyes were sensual and wanting then she took Leila's befuddled face into her hands and planted a scintillating kiss on her stunned lips.

Leila felt the tickle of Naomi's dark brown hair as she pushed Leila down onto the pillows and straddled her. Naomi's tongue licked Leila's lips then boldly pushed its way into her mouth. Leila couldn't help but join her. 

 Naomi began to slowly grind her mound into Leila's. Naomi was perfectly shaven down there while Leila had a small tuft of black curly hair to cover her pussy lips.

Leila moaned into Naomi's mouth. Naomi placed her hands on Leila's small round breasts and kneaded them in her soft delicate palms. 

"You like this don't you?" Naomi asked as she ground a little harder. Leila groaned as she felt her clit rub against Naomi's. It made her gasp in delight. The heat of their cunts started a fire in Leila's loins that spread through out her thin body. 

"You know I do...," Leila raised her head and kissed Naomi's soft warm breast. She grabbed a hold of Naomi's big soft ass giving them a slap and a squeeze making Naomi cry out in delight. 

"Oh yeah...," Naomi bit her lip as she increased speed, feeling Leila buck her hips into Naomi's. 

"Leila...," Naomi moaned as Leila took one of Naomi's stiff pink nipples into her mouth and suckled it. She flicked her tongue over the nub making Naomi moan. 

Not wanting to come yet, Leila rolled over on top of Naomi who smiled, "You are a brave one, aren't you?"

"Only with you...," Leila admitted as she situated her pussy on Naomi's thigh. 

"You're so wet," Naomi laughed as she rubbed herself against Leila's thigh. Leila did the same. 

"You too," Leila kissed Naomi passionately as they scissored each other. 

"Come for me, angel," Naomi pleaded into their kiss. With tongues thrusting and screams muffled Leila increased the speed of her rocking hips. "Come for me!"

Leila felt a burst of pleasure, crying out in delight. Tiny fireworks exploded in her body as Leila and Naomi lay entwined. They shared the remaining heat and tingles. Leila and Naomi kissed slowly and sensually, tongues erotically dancing. 

"I don't want lessons to start...," Leila admitted as she lay in Naomi's warm embrace. Naomi played with Leila's dark hair. The air was still thick with their lust making Leila sleepy but she didn't want to drift into a sex coma yet.

"Why? I'm excited," Naomi snuggled closer to Leila counting the stars on the canopy. 

"You are?" Leila asked timidly.

"I like both men and women," Naomi shrugged. 

Something in Leila died. Was she not enough for Naomi? Leila buried herself in Naomi's bountiful bosom inhaling her lilac perfume, wanting to remember her like this. 

"Don't fret, Sweet Leila," Naomi calmed her, taking Leila's mournful face in her hands. Leila's dark exotic eyes were filling with tears. She kissed the weeping girl's wet cheeks, tasting their saltiness. 

 "It doesn't mean I don't care for you less. Besides...," Naomi wrapped her thigh around Leila's thin waist. "It'll be hot to watch you make love to a man."

"Really?" Leila was hopeful again. 

"Are you kidding?" Naomi laughed. "It would make our sex so much hotter knowing that I can give you a bigger orgasm than any man." 

Leila pulled Naomi into a passionate embrace. They rocked their hips slowly, rubbing their mounds together until they came at the same time. Then they held each other through the night asleep and content.

***

They had rough somewhat angry sex for 2 hours. Euphemia was quite impressed with Jay's stamina. She put on her jade green robe again to cover her naked body and went to fix herself a drink. 

She offered Jay a drink that he took without even looking at her. He lay back naked on the sweat soaked sheets running his thick fingers through his rust colored hair, his chest rising and falling with ragged effort until that Chionian scotch touched and warmed his dry throat. Jay's grave stone eyes became rheumy from sexual exhaustion and the scotch. 

Despite being in her late 40s and somewhat plump Euphemia still had an experienced sensuality that would enthrall any man. Her breasts were like two downy pillows that when aroused were two perfect orbs that a weary man could rest upon and suckle. She was a Renaissance Venus, voluptuous while exuding a raw sexual aura.

"So," Euphemia poured herself a drink then sat next to Jay. "Why this unexpected visit? Not that I mind a good romp now and then but I'm hoping you went to Constance first."

Jay lay there silently. That was all the answer Euphemia needed.

"Damn it, Ransom," Euphemia fumed as she downed her scotch then went to pour herself another one. "What the hell did I hire you for?"

"I thought you liked my performance at the interview," Jay spoke cynically. 

"I didn't hire you to just sleep with me," Euphemia smirked dryly. 

Jay smiled then shrugged. He was like a child who was caught but believed his charm would get him out of it. 

"Don't be so smug," Euphemia chided.

Euphemia pondered her young lover for a moment. He was only 31 and yet he seemed to have been weighed down by years of pain and suffering. She sometimes forgot why she hired Jay Ransom. Now she did. 

 Jay had connections. He got in trouble with the military and would have been executed but Jay had blood ties to the company caste. Old Earth money. Jay didn't like talking about his past. He didn't like talking about anything. 

Euphemia was overcome with sudden pity. She set aside her scotch then climbed on top of Jay. Her thighs were soft on his. Jay's cock responded to the heat of Euphemia's loins becoming erect and throbbing. Euphemia rubbed herself against him making Jay groan. Images of Constance dissolved into his lust. 
