 Short and to the point: This is a Breast Expansion Fetish story. If B.E.'s not up your alley, then you probably shouldn't bother with this tale.   Thank you.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Siren Song: The Final Chord

by

Paul Gerard (a pen name)

~~~~~~~~~~~

First Draft started 2008-06-17

This version 2014-06-01

Proof-reading: A very heartfelt thank you to CoffeePilot for the time and patience.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Altaerna — A world, where the laws of reality may become mere guidelines at any given time, where magic and machinery are intertwined, where all those things creeping in the shadows of fantasy may step forward onto the mind's stage.

This story unfolds in medieval times, around the 12th Century.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Obscure inspirational music reference:
"Step out into the storm and scream / I am here, I am free" — Juli, Perfekte Welle (translated from German)

~~~~~~~~~~~

It is the fall of the year 1225 on the world of Altaerna, forty years after Barbara joined the mermaids.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 32: Blood in the water, shells on the graves


The mermaid's pale hand, feminine in proportions and yet bigger than a man's, snaked over the rim of the boat. Her long claw-like fingernails dug into the wood. Without any treacherous noise, her slim face rose over the edge. Red-hot hate marred her fair features that were framed by dark green-blue hair hanging straight down with a few stray strands clinging wetly to her square, clenched jaw and the high cheekbones. Straightening her toned arms, mimicking the gentle sway of the boat to not give away her presence, she propped her womanly torso up. The man who stood with his back to her seemed to shrink as more of her amazonian physique rose from the waters. Her equally muscular fish body with the narrow, semi-transparent, veiny fins coiled into the boat. Yard upon yard of the tapering scale-covered trunk snaked up on the unsuspecting sailor's legs until its end lay like a snare around his feet.

"Thhhhh—," cut her hiss through the backdrop of waves and wind.

"—Thhhese waters are forbidden to your kind," she sibilated on, her next words a promise: "Now you die."

He spun around, and the living noose tied up instantly. He lost his footing, but couldn't fall as her body rolled up around his legs like a tentacle, spinning him around and dragging him closer while she rose higher, revealing her towering height as she slowly spread her strong arms and bent her long fingers into claws. The last flash of dusky sunlight sneaking under the low-hanging rain clouds glowed on the edges of her talons ready to dig into his throat to slice and dice and eviscerate.



Two days earlier.



Gusts of autumn wind blew leaves across the deserted graveyard and made them dance around the headstones. Every now and then music and singing from the town in the distance carried faintly across the fields. No one came out to the solemn reminders of life's fleetingness on a day of celebration like this.



The fingertips of the lone woman in her twenties brushed over the withered face of a tombstone with many, many names on it. Her head hung. She didn't hear the approaching footsteps on the mossy ground.

"So this is the big secret," an old voice behind her stated flatly. She jumped up and spun around in surprise. The wiry, aged and yet quite imposing man stood a few yards to her side, resting his frame on a richly ornamented walking staff almost two feet taller than himself. His robe was expensive; its colors shone even in the twilight of the early evening under the overcast sky. Rain clouds loomed at the horizon, and the wind picked up again, tousling his gray hair.

"Secret?" she hemmed nervously, holding her arms crossed over her chest and tugging at the sleeves of her raggedy gown that seemed decades out of place.

He pointed the foot end of his staff at the crimson spot in front of the tombstone. "The red shells appearing over night, fall after fall. One at the stone of all those lost to the sea, then in the last years the other at the former mayor's. Some people started whispering about a ghost or a revenant. I'm quite happy to see it's one of the living." His eyes measured her curves up and down, and reverie entered his voice as he added "Very, very much alive, I gather. Oh do forgive an old man who has to be polite ex officio for a chance to be brash and blunt, and I'll come right out and say you're more than her equal when it comes to the balcony. Quite a feat in itself, besting legendary Menena's younger self on her own turf," he chuckled.

The old-timer stepped to the stranger's side. They faced the tombstone together, and he sighed. "Ah, Menena. I'm thankful she lived to see her efforts bearing fruit. You hear the singing?"

"The celebrations of Town Day, I know," the young woman replied, brushing an unruly strand of her long blond hair back behind her right ear. "The day the Count's order arrived that granted the town rights to this sorry bunch of houses, ten years ago. Yes, I can't deny she's been good for the town after all, even if she was ever the mean screw," sighed the young woman.

"Hah, yes, was she ever!" chuckled the old man. "Mind you, she changed a lot. Besides her duties as a Mayor, I wager she nursed half the town alive today. Amazing feat for a woman who couldn't stomach any milk at all."

The girl looked across the field of withered stones. "She just needed a big gulp of the right kind every now and then," she mumbled.

"What?"

"Oh, nothing. Please, tell me more."

"Mighty fine teacher she became when age mellowed her. Mellowed her a little, I should say. Oh, the days when she bargained with the Count! His face always turned beet-root red when she whipped out her tits right in the middle of a debate because she heard a dried-up mother outside, begging for a little milk."

The old man chuckled and leaned in. "A word between us, lass: She did it on purpose. He was so stumped, she bilked him for almost all he was worth. Yes, that was Menena for you!

"Only a few of us old ones remember how she started out." He frowned. "You're too young by far to have known her as the belle dame sans merci. You're not from around either. And yet there's a familiarity right here, in your face and your, if I may say so again, eye-catching curves."

He scratched his trimmed gray beard. "Many years ago, there was a lass with features just like yours. Got into a fight with Menena. Didn't end well for her, of course. Nobody fought Menena and won, except Death, and if he got the better part out of that victory is up for debate.

"So the girl disappears without a trace. Rumors start flying, despite this being Menena we're talking about. You know the gossip. Ooh, girl walks into Menena's shop, never comes out again, that kind of talk. Menena got a very unwelcome visit by a few of the Count's guards. Lucky for her, the town's nurse saw the girl leave, so she was off the hook. Must've shaken Menena, for she disappeared for a day and returned quite a bit more approachable.

Anyway, the girl never showed up again. Some say she had a thing going with the smith and innkeeper of the coach post up the coast when he was still a fisherman, but that it went sour and she ran even further. I wouldn't know. I only saw her once but I still can remember those huge — err, I mean —"

"Anton?" she gasped. "Anton the store clerk? — Anton the Mayor?"

"Barbara—?!" he returned in surprise, only to shake his head. "No, I'm just being daft. It's been four decades ... are you perchance her daughter? Her granddaughter even? Of course! Of course, this explains it! Never would've guessed, the gossip made her such a nature's child, but — so she ran off to the big city after all. Nice to know she passed a bit of her story on in the family."

The young woman chuckled. "I don't know about the big city, but did she ever make it big."

"Good, good — " He fell silent for a pensive moment.

"You won't have to worry about mystery shells anymore," she said quietly. "I only came to bid my farewell. This is no longer my home. It hasn't been for quite a while. Now I'll go back to my new ... lands, never to return here."

"Forgive and forget at last, in the family's name, then?"

She looked straight at him, with eyes holding more wisdom than befitted her face's youth.

"People never forget. Forgive? Maybe. Most of the time, things that seemed so big and hurtful as they happened just fade and blur with time, and as they become unimportant and trite, it's more fulfilling to extend a hand than to shake a fist. Maybe that's all the forgiveness anyone can hope for."

She turned around. The whole of her motion made it clear she considered this talk over.

Leaning on his staff, Anton stood mutely with his eyes on the tombstone until the wind carried off the sound of her footsteps slowly disappearing in the distance.



~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 33: Into the Blue Yonder


"Die, son of the dirt!" The mermaid's slimy tail constricted. The gaps between her fish scales widened as her straining muscles bulged. The bones in the sailor's legs creaked, ready to snap under the crushing pressure.

"Cha —," the trapped man groaned, then inhaled sharply against her tail's murderous embrace and finally barked into the angry face glaring down on him, "Cha'gura of Red Coral Reef, it's me, you blind eel! Me, David!"

The maiming clutch yielded for the moment. The hulking mermaid pulled him close all the way and leaned over him until he felt her bare heavy breasts' pointy nipples brushing against his chest. Cha angled her huge head, narrowed her big eyes and looked the dwarfish catch in her solid coils up and down. Her face relaxed, and her fangs disappeared behind her bee-stung lips as they curled into the hint of an embarrassed smile.

"Oh. Sorry." She giggled sheepishly and sank lower on her tail, putting one arm akimbo and ruffling her dripping hair with the other hand. She averted her head yet still kept the bundle of man wrapped up in her fishtail's coils. "Y'know how it is, the air, the eyes — "

"Or so you tell me, every — single — time," Dave groaned. "Care to let me down now?"

Her upper body, from her hips to her shoulders almost a whole foot and a half taller than his, slid up against him. "That I don't know," she laughed, angling her head the other way as she snake-danced slowly, balancing out the rocking of the boat, grinding her hip on his. Her right hand's fingertips sneaked into the neck of his tunic and played over his collarbones, and he jerked in her tail's coil as her left hand grabbed and squeezed his buttocks. "You might be an impostor, taking advantage of this helpless mermaid's poor eyesight. Only one way to be sure, y'know. Also, sailors wanting to pass have to pay tribute." Her long tongue slithered out and traced her lips. "Lots and lots of hot and salty tribute."

"Cha, I'm way too old and worn for you," he sighed.

"Oh?" Her fingertips followed his cheek down to his jawline and under his chin, lifting it gently to her pouting lips. "I don't see a wrinkle, little hu-man. And I feel a very firm and virile fisherman in my snare." The loop of her tail around his groin pulled tighter for a second. She twitched forward, and her mouth was by the side of his face now. "And then some," she added whispering in his ear. "Your chest might be but a morsel, yet beneath your belt, you're just the size this big lonely girl needs now." Her tongue flicked against his earlobe. "Deal for you, every mermaids' wet dream: I get a peek and a taste of the snake of legends, and I'll push your boat out to Isla Barbara, all the way. We can do both at the same time, if you'd like me to."

She kissed her way back to his mouth, pouting to at least keep a semblance of equal size to their lips while her right hand cupped the whole of the back of his head.

"Cha," he managed to squeeze out between her hungry nibbles and smooches, "mmf — don't you thmmmmk you've growmmmmf big enoummmmft?"

Her tail unrolled slowly; she grabbed his thighs with her huge hands and put him down on the swaying planks again. "In the ocean, bigger is better," she smiled. "I can take on sharks now, darling. After the growth from two or three more bellyfuls, I'll be squeezing whales in half with my tail's snares. What more can a guardian hope for than to become but the biggest beast of them all, mmh?" Her long fingers deftly undid the rope girdle around his loins.

"Don't you think it's better to share with the oth—ooaahh! Oh the gods! Cha, oh heavens, you're crazy!" moaned David as she nuzzled his crotch and her long slippery tongue coiled around his already half-erect cock like a curious tentacle.

Her cheeky tongue disappeared into her mouth again. "Share? Oh David, Feeder's companion, Seeder of the Sisters, you're a never-ceasing fountain, there's plenty to go around. No matter how hard I try to drain you, you'll be full and ready again so very soon, so why deny this lonely watcher her little reward?"

The huge face blinked him the nicest puppy dog eyes, and he gave in.



He knelt by the rear side of his boat and grabbed the rim. The mermaid rested by and around his legs with a sizable length of her fishtail still coiling up around him while the rear end and the huge fins hung overboard and flapped aimlessly. Water gushed up every now and then and showered their bodies. She scraped the side of her palm over the scaly onset of what passed for her thighs and spread another gob of her lubing, arousing slime over his rod, massaging him gently yet thoroughly to fully erect size.

"So, you're finally ready to leave dry land behind and join us?" smirked the mermaid. The eleven inches of David's heavy cock filled her slippery palm. Her other hand cupped his balls, rolling them gently between her fingers. "You know there's an old saying? On the day he comes to stay, his tools will grow, all maids to sway."

Cha pouted and cocked an eyebrow. "Well, I'm not quite feeling your tool's sway yet, darling. You're quite the hunk compared to other sailors I've tasted, but to a big girl like me, all your dirtwalkers' dangling lures, no matter how thick or thin, are barely a mouthful. Mmmph —" She put her head forward and pressed his purple glans against her soft lips. Running her tongue around the hot peach at her mouth's gate, she began to suck. Her cheeks fell in, then her slippery lips opened just wide enough to let the malleable cone inside.

He grabbed the planks hard. Heat spread throughout the root of his cock, deep between his legs.

"Cha! Gods, what are you doing? It never felt like t—this — oh heavens!"

The fire filled his balls, and then his balls filled his sack. Any wrinkle in its delicate skin disappeared as the two testicles, throbbing slowly, swelled until big juicy apples dangled in the taut bag between his legs.

"Mmmh!" moaned Cha admiringly as she saw the wave of growth wander along the shaft towards her face. Veins bulged, and David's cock gained another half inch of girth as it inflated down the increasing length. Cha's head was gently forced backwards while she kept her lips locked in the groove behind his glans.

The cock's meaty expansion entered her mouth. Her lips were spread apart, and her cheeks bulged around the juicy head. She licked and sucked with closed eyes, teasing him bigger until the back of his glans popped out of her greedy kiss.

"Mmmwaah! Oh yes, now that's a mouthful for a hungry girl!" she blurted out, little droplets of saliva spraying from her glistening lips. She held the huge organ in a stranglehold, though her fingers no longer touched her thumb. "That's just the right tube to deliver all that seed brewing in your balls!"

He stared in disbelief. "Cha, it's — longer than my thighs! Thicker than my hand's width! This would befit a giant twice my size! Goodness, I thought only my wife could bring it forth like that! What did you do?"

"Oh my!" laughed the mermaid, and her breasts quivered. "Wish I could take the credit. Believe me, if I had the knowings for that kind of magic, I'd be plucking meself a bundle of fresh sailors every other day just so I never run out of cock to stuff into my hole!" She wiped the froth from her lips and continued, "Didn't you listen to the saying? You've finally come to stay, and, well, now you've really grown just the kind of sway a mermaid enjoys. We didn't want to make you feel like you're not up to the task before, b'cause you give awesome seed, and Barbara, she can get you to size just fine, but you've been a bit lacking, size-wise, for the rest of us. Well, no more! Now you're our proper Seeder!"

Still sitting with his legs apart, he felt for his balls and cupped a pair of coconuts in a web of throbbing veins. Above them, the swollen tissue of his cock stood at an upward angle, slightly curved like a saber and with the apple-sized cone of his glans jumping a hand's width beyond his knees.

"You're saying it'll stay that way?! That's crazy! It's unwieldy! It won't fit into a pair of trousers. It was hard enough hiding it before, but now —"

The mermaid chuckled. "Trousers? Where we're going, you don't need trousers! Why hide it? Just leave it floating in its majesty! Be proud! Besides, I'm sure I can coax another inch or three from it." She grabbed the trunk with both hands, opened her mouth wide and pulled him closer. Her greedy lips sealed up halfway down the seventeen inches, and inside the warm cave, her frenzied tongue whipped her salvia into foam.

"Cha! Gods! Cha, you —"

"Mmmpht."

He grabbed the back of her head and felt the cool wet silk of her hair in his fingers while his cock's nerves sang in his mind about the ribbed roof of her mouth and the tightness of her throat.

"Oh yes, Cha —"



"Cha —," panted David, struggling to open his eyes against the overwhelming delights that slowly boiled his brains.

"Mmmh—?" She raised her eyebrows, but her mouth didn't let go of the glans that filled her cheeks. She kept on licking and sucking, putting her agile mermaid tongue to good use. Thick drops of salty liquid already seeped from the dilated hole in the tip, and Cha slurped them down thirstily.

"Gnnh! Cha, we're — your tongue! — Going in circles —"

"Mmm—hm," she nodded.

"No — I mean, the boat — going nowhere —," groaned David, struggling against the overwhelming desire to pant like a horny dog.

Her hands kept on working the engorged trunk, slippery with her saliva, the copious pre-cum of her catch and the slimy lubricant that her fish half offered aplenty. Grabbing him harder for a moment, she let the bulbous head pop from her mouth.

"Not my fault if your oar's a bit crooked, sailor," she laughed salaciously as long threads of liquid descended from her lower lip. Her eyes sparkled with a hint of anger beneath the glow of obvious adoration.

"Mmmgh — mmmgh — gnnmmmgh!" she groaned, throwing in three fast pumps that took his massive member halfway down her widened throat.

Sh—plop. Cha licked her lips, holding the fattened cock in one hand while spreading the gobs of liquid that collected on the onset of her impressive breasts over their soft skin. She looked up from under frowning eyebrows.

"You're not willing to give your tribute to me. No man, seeder or otherwise, has ever held out for so long. Maybe I should cut it off and take it back home to see how long it'll last then." She drew one of her sharp claws along the veiny trunk that would've kept three hands and a pair of lips busy. Of course she saw to it that her claw went against its stroke, angling the point and edge well away from the skin of the aroused pole and the meshwork of throbbing swollen blood vessels underneath. "So why should I keep my part of the deal if the other party doesn't own up?"

"You're — mmmh — not willing to swim a straight line, so there's that," he replied as dryly as he could while her warm and wet ministrations went on. David knew he couldn't resist the giantess' expertly delivered pleasures much longer; the first twitches deep down in his augmented balls were already beginning and he needed all his focus to keep the impending release at bay.
