 It had been two weeks since my arrival on the island and I had my first view of my new home. It was a very old-looking castle. Thoughts of medieval prisoners crossed my mind. In the two weeks of my imprisonment, my impression had not changed one wit. This was a lonely place in the middle of an ocean. Escape was impossible. This was the church's idea of, 'Devil's Island'. I knew that I was being exiled by the church, but this was truly extreme. There were a number of other sisters here, but, to date, I had not made friends or even an acquaintanceship with any of them. They were all dressed exactly alike – long brown, woolen robes with a sort of extra long, white cowl that covered their shoulders and breasts. I wondered how they put up with such barbaric robes for mine scratched me in practically every tender spot. I was singled out from all of the others because I did not have that white cowl. I had discovered one aspect of my garb that suited me to a tee. There were two long slits in the seams that ran down the sides of the robe and, quite by accident, I discovered that, when I inserted my hands through these slits, they naturally fell right on the opening of my vagina! What I had interpreted as a holy, sanctimonious posture was actually the sisters fingering themselves! I even encountered some of the sisters sitting or lying on the floor in the midst of what could only be an orgasm! This emphasis on sex couldn't have satisfied me more. Still, I wondered just why I was here. Then, on the first day of my third week on the island, I was summoned to meet with one of the elder sisters.

She rose from behind a desk to greet me as I entered her quarters. Oh, yes, I forgot to mention that here the sisters didn't live in the usual convent cells. Rather each one had a private room and bath. The reasons behind this opulence became obvious to me in short order. I noticed that, as she rose, she pulled her hands out from under her robe. I thought to myself, "You are just as horny as I am!"

"Please, come in and be seated."

"Yes, Sister Magdalene."

"First off, let me set you straight. Here, we do not use names or titles. You may use, 'Sister' upon meeting one of our girls for the first time, but, after that, we use time as our denominator. I am, 'Wednesday at One' and you shall be, 'Thursday at Three'. Please, before you start asking me a lot of questions, I will try my best to fill you in on what happens here. This place, in one form or another, has been here for a very long time. Long before the first Christian walked the earth. Just when the church took over running it, I have no way of knowing. You, like the rest of us, have been sent here as penance for your, ahem, non-religious behavior." As she said this, she drew out a personnel folder from the drawer of her desk. I was certain it referred to me.

"Let's see. My, my. You certainly have been active! You entered the convent after being arrested for prostituting yourself on the street. Then, you insisted upon escaping the convent almost every night in order to participate in nightly trysts. You capped off your licentuous history by being caught by the Monsignor in a very compromising situation with another priest! Well, we shall certainly put your propensity for sex to a very good use here. Now, please stand up!"

She came around the desk and, with a brusque movement, thrust her hand up under my robe.

"My dear! Here, we never wear knickers! Take them off at once!"

Somewhat embarrassed, I reached under my robe, hooked my fingers under the waistband of my knickers and slid them down my legs.

"Ah, that is so much better." Once more, her hand slid up under my robe and she began caressing the lips of my vagina! She let her hand rove as far back as my ass! Then, without any warning whatsoever, she pushed two of her fingers into my cunt! I was so surprised that I flinched!

"Did I hurt you?"

"No. You just surprised me. Is this the usual procedure for a welcoming interview?"

"Oh, some are different from this. I..I...I...I...put you.....put you...put your fing...put your fing....in me!"

I got her meaning and, as she frantically rammed her fingers up into my cunt, I slid two of mine into her cunt. I was startled by the size of her cunt. Two fingers didn't begin to fill it so I added another and then still another. Wednesday leaned forward and whispered to me, 'Use your hand! Use your hand!"

I took her at her word and, cupping all of my fingers in the palm of my hand, I pushed my entire fist into her cunt! Her only reaction was a long drawn out, 'uhhhhh'. When she had recovered her senses, she told me,

"Come. I will take you down and introduce you to Donny. I do believe that it is better to show someone what is required of them rather than just try to describe it. Come, I'll show you the farm!"

"Farm?"

"That is just a nick- name that someone started years and years ago. Since then, that is the way we refer to this place."

She strode to the door and we were on our way down into the bowels of the castle. This was my first real opportunity to examine one of these women at close range. I estimated her to be at least sixty years old, but her tits stood out from her chest like a teenager's. The movement of her hips under her robe, reminded me of that old saw about small boys playing under a blanket. Suddenly, it occurred to me that every woman I had seen here was configured in the same way. I wondered, "How could this be?"

As we walked to wherever we were going, she added some more information to what she had told me.

"The men you will see are not men at all. They are Androids! So you needn't be concerned about your privacy."

"Did you say, 'Androids'?"

"Yes, I did."

"Then they are not human!"

"No, they are not. They are supplied to us by the people who first made the agreement with the local populace. At the time when these beings first arrived here, the people thought they were gods and the forerunner of this castle was constructed as a place for these travelers to live. The beliefs of the locals gradually faded out over the centuries and, in a manner with which I am not familiar, an agreement was made between the travelers and our church. As a part of that agreement, we are committed to supplying certain products to those original owners or their descendants. In fact, this entire setup is provided to us for what we can supply to our unseen benefactors. You will see."

I could only look at her in disbelief!

"Well, here we are. This is the apothecary shop and the man who runs it is known as, 'The Apothecary'. Isn't that quaint? As she said this, she turned to me and smiled. I was beginning to like this woman. "His assistant is the man I mentioned before and he is called, 'Donny'.

We entered what could have been any apothecary shop in the world, but I knew that it was run by an Android.

"Hello, Apothecary. This is Thursday at Three. She is new and I want to show her the facilities."

"I have been expecting her. I have already penciled her in on the schedule. Is her assignment definite?"

"Yes, it is. May we use your office so she can observe the procedures?"

"Certainly."

Wednesday, as I came to know her, led me around the counter and into a small, but very neat office. One whole wall was nothing but a huge window that looked out onto a cavernous space. The walls were bare stone and the floor looked to be made of concrete. In the very center of this huge room, stood a large machine-like structure. There was a framework and some kind of tracked bed. Hanging from the overhead framework were two rather large hoses. At one end of the bed-like arrangement, there stood some kind of machine with two extensions that stuck out in the direction of the bed. A woman was just getting up off of the bed.

"That is the one o'clock service. The two o'clock will be arriving any minute now. All you need to do is to watch what the women do and what is done to them." I nodded.

Suddenly, my attention was focused on the woman who was coming towards us. The Android, Donny, was assisting her to walk. The thing about her body that struck me was her tits. They, like Wednesday's, stuck straight out from her chest. A teenager would have been proud to show these mammarys off to the world. But, the woman's face was the face of a very old female! I gasped when I saw this and Wednesday spoke up.

"That is one of the oldest of all the females who live here. I don't think she will be here too much longer because her milk is slowing and it is no longer of the best quality. I suspect that she will make the trip with the Apothecary any day now. Ah! Here is the next provider!"

Again, I nodded, but my eyes were riveted onto that strange apparatus sitting in that room. By this time, the Android and the old woman had reached the door. As he opened the door for her, another woman entered the room. She moved to her left and quickly doffed her robe. It was then that I saw the reason for that white cowl. The neckline of her robe was cut so that it completely exposed her breasts! The cowl provided cover for those naked breasts! She was in great physical shape. Her skin was tight and her tits stuck out like two gun barrels. The muscles in her ass cheeks were firm so that her buttocks didn't shake as she walked. When she turned so that I could see her back, I gasped. Her buttocks were large and the hole in the middle of the crack was gaping wide open! There wasn't enough body to her buttocks to close that crack. Stranger yet, the space between her legs was so wide that I could have run my hand through it without touching either side!

As I watched, she reached into a pot that was standing next to where she had entered and, with a huge glob of something grease-like on her fingers, she proceeded to grease her openings!

While she was doing this, the Android came up to her. He was carrying two injection needles and he proceeded to insert one into each of the woman's nipples! I gasped and turned to Wednesday with a question in my eyes.

"That injection makes us lactate and it results in the kind of breasts that you see on her chest. It doesn't hurt very much and it certainly builds up a woman's ego to have teats like that. Oh! Oh! Please, use your hand again I'm....I'm... I'm ...." And I felt her cunt contract as her orgasm raced through her. This was my second introduction to the, 'come stutter'.

When I turned back to look at what was happening I saw that Donny was leading the woman over to the machine and, without any hesitation, she promptly lay down upon the bed portion. Donny quickly attached cuffs to her wrist. Then, he pulled down two harness-like things and put her legs into them. They must have been motor-driven for they both began to smoothly retract – pulling the woman's legs into an upright position so that the two extensions of the smaller machine matched up perfectly with both of her holes. He pushed the machine forward until both extensions were just outside the woman's body. He touched a switch and a low hum filled the room. Slowly, each extension began the in-and-out stroking of fucking. While this was occurring, Donny moved around to the woman's head, reached up and grasped one of the hoses hanging above her. In an instant, it was attached to the nipple on her left breast and, in seconds, the second hose was similarly attached to the nipple on her right breast. I could see both hoses shudder as they began pumping the woman's breasts.

"We provide milk to the originators." Wednesday had answered my question before I had a chance to voice it.

Donny moved back to the fucking machine and increased the speed of it's stroking of the woman's cunt and ass. I looked at Wednesday, but she waved off my question. WE watched the woman being fucked for a very long time. I had seen her belly heave three or four times as she climaxed, but Donny never stopped the machine or slowed it down. Finally, he must have decided that whatever he was doing was completed for he shut off the machine. Then, he reached down alongside of the bed and brought forth two hoses similar to the two that were milking the woman's tits. These he attached to her cunt opening and ass hole. These hoses, as with the first two, quickly began sucking at the woman's body openings. Now, it wasn't just her belly that was heaving, but her whole body was being rocked by spasms. She looked, for all the world as though she were in intense pain, but then I saw the tell-tale actions of her belly and I knew that she was coming again!

After an appreciable time, Donny removed all of the suction hoses. He reached over to a table that stood alongside the machine on which the woman was laying and took two instruments from it. One, he inserted into the woman's vaginal opening and the other he inserted into her asshole. He began twisting a screw-like handle on the first instrument. I glanced at Wednesday and she told me,

"They are specula. Their purpose is to hold open her holes for the next phase. He will only spread them one at a time. Now, the reaping begins! Watch!"

Donny touched a switch on the machine and a sudden swarm of insects appeared before the woman's gaping cunt. Donny touched another switch and the table began moving forward-then back- and then forward again. Wednesday whispered,

"She is scooping up the vaginal insects!"

I nearly fainted when she told me that, but I continued to stare at the terrible scene that was unfolding before my eyes. Some how, she was able to scoop up all of the insects in the swarm and Donny promptly loosened the speculum in her vagina and pulled it out. Then he moved his hands over to the speculum that held her ass hole open. The entire procedure was repeated only this time, the insects were noticeably larger! When the woman's ass had scooped up all of this swarm, Donny removed the speculum from her ass and helped her off the table. As she swung her legs over the side of the table, I saw something that I had not noticed on either of these two sisters before. A finely wrought golden chain ran from her navel down over her lower belly and ended at the top of her cunt slit! I pointed that out to Wednesday and asked, 

"What's that?"

Wednesday laughed and said, "You are about to find out".

She then took my arm and led me back into the apothecary where we once more were greeted by the Apothecary himself.

"Is she ready?"

Wednesday merely nodded and he reached over and took hold of my arm. He led me into yet another room where a table similar to those you see in a doctor's office awaited me. He waved me to the table and, when I was lying on the table, he pulled my robe up until I was bare from the shoulders down. He turned to a nearby stand and rinsed his hands in some kind of liquid. I thought he was disinfecting his hands, but, as it turned out, he was covering them with a form of an anesthetic. He turned back to me and began ever so lightly running his hands over all of my exposed body. At first, I felt a sudden warmth, but that soon turned into a coolness. The movement of his hands over the surface of my body caused my sexual excitement to increase rapidly. I couldn't help it. My legs, almost of their own volition, began spreading. The Apothecary noticed this and he burst out laughing.

"All you earth females are alike. A little caressing and you open like petals of a flower. Relax. Sex is not a part of this."

By this time, I knew that my skin was numb and, when he pinched me, I felt nothing but pressure. He gathered up a portion of the skin around my navel and made some incisions. Then, I watched – somewhat horrified – as he inserted a small golden bar through the incision. With the certainty of having done this many times, he sutured me so that the bar was made fast. He then attached the same kind of golden chain I had seen on the other woman to this bar. I don't have the slightest idea of what he did next, but, when I rose from the table, that chain hung straight down over my belly. It didn't swing loose even when I walked. And the end of it fell exactly upon the tip of my clitoris and remained there! As we left the Apothecary's shop, Wednesday told me,

"What he installed in your body is a clock. It will keep you appraised of the time and it will notify you when it is time for certain things to be done, like coming down here for your ride with the machine. Then she laughed. "What's more, it will keep your arousal at a constant peak. If you haven't learned anything so far, I shall make it perfectly clear. You are here to fuck and be fucked on a regular basis and you shall provide certain products for our benefactors!"

"Wednesday, what happens to those insects?"

"The insects are planted in our bodies and they live there for approximately one week before they die. Then, using the sex machine, Donny kills any of them that are still alive and smashes the bodies into a jelly-like paste. The soft pulp of their bodies is pumped out of us and a new brood is installed. Actually, because of the interaction with our bodily juices, that pulp is almost a jelly and I have been told that our benefactors eat that as a treat. They seem to especially like that product of our bodies and our milk.

There is one aspect to all of this that you can't see at all. That is, the interactions going on inside the woman's body. Those insects are alive and they are moving in the woman's belly and bowels. They secrete a small amount of juice, but it is enough to make her body clench and climax. For as long as they are in residence here , all of these women – me and soon, you, included - will be constantly climaxing as these insects work on our guts! In other words, they have just been given a week-long fucking! Something a nympho such as you should really appreciate.

Now, here is my last word of advice. Show up in the machine room for your first machine experience at least a half-hour before your assigned time. Donny will run his hands over every part of your body. Even inside your openings. Donny's brain is in reality a computer and he will be registering every dimension of your body. All of the data that Donny collects is automatically transferred into the machine's data bank to be applied to you in a number of ways. For example, those two machine dildos that we watched as they exercised that last woman, are not fixed in either length or girth. They are minutely adjustable and each time you mount the machine, they will increase their size so as to apply a very small stretching factor to your openings. Ultimately, they will be as large as mine! This is done to insure that you will be able to scoop up all of the insects. In addition, the dildo that enters your cunt, has a pointed – almost needle-like-snout. This snout will find and enter the small opening in your cervix that connects your uterus with your cunt. The size of this spooning will be steadily increased until the cock-head of the dildo can pass, unhindered, up into your uterus. I doubt that you have experienced an uterine orgasm, but, when you do – well there is nothing to compare with that sensation."

My thoughts were in a terrible quandary. She had, in a mater-of-fact way, just told me that I was to become a whore for some out-of-this world machine and I was to allow it to not only rape me, but to fill my bodily cavities with some outlandish kinds of bugs!

I could only stare at her in total disbelief. And, I almost didn't hear the Apothecary when he spoke to me, 

"Stand still, please."

I looked back at him and once more I gasped. He was coming at me with two of the same type of needles that Donny had used on that other woman.

"Take off your robe!"

I paused for a moment since I wasn't sure that I wanted those things stuck into me. Then, I slowly lifted up my robe and slipped it off over my head. The Apothecary stepped up in front of me and, before I could object or move, he had injected both of my nipples with some kind of juice. It had an immediate effect upon my breasts. I could feel them swelling and getting firmer. Then, he took my old robe from me and handed me a new one. When I slipped this robe on, I found that I had been gifted with a robe that signified that I was, 'one of the girls'. The neck line fell below my breasts and actually acted a little like a bra. It tended to support my breasts. The robe was followed by the white cowl. This merely offered me some cover for my breasts.
