 Sisterhood: Alienation... Alien Nation?

Jerry Colt: Protagonist Keeper 

Karen Colt: Jerry's little sister

Iris Colt: Jerry's mom

Jarael: Jerry's Primary Sentinel and ghost elf

Serenity: Jerry's A.I.

Neko: Cat Girl body slave

Thorn: Lethean Twi'lek heavily tattooed bodyguard

Xo'Dee: Slime Girl Dancer

Naia: Chiss Strategist

Lilith: Jerry's patron

Binary: Machine Goddess

All characters are 18 years old or older. The story continues when things at home get strained in the most unexpected way. Jerry, Keeper of the House of a Thousand Doors, seaches out a solution and his quest takes him to a dying world circling a ringed gas giant. Will he find what he needs or something else entirely?

It had all changed, hadn't it? The other Keeper, hell, the other version of me had warned me. Mortals aren't meant to remember the touch of the divine, it changes you. Too right it did, my entire world was seen through a new lens. Instead of blindly going through life, my mind locked onto the tiniest details, analyzed it, and stored it for future reference. Thank you, Binary for the gift of a photographic memory. Unlike Eidetic memory, I recalled everything. I tried but I couldn't block out what I called the entire sensory spectrum. What was worse that the beauty of the world was drowned out as my mind identified color, brightness, and a myriad of other statistics.

On the positive side, I had access to the World Library that was a hard drive the size of a planetary core. The sad thing is there was so much an I was too limited to know what to ask for. I managed to push out the noise and finish my latest pet project. I took out a clean cloth and wiped down the outer shell and declared it finished.

"Done!" I said as if the masses were watching and a host of voices would go 'ooh' or 'ah'.

"What the hell is it?" Jarael asked placing her hand on my shoulder. "Hold on, it looks familiar."

"It should." Talon remarked picking it up and turned it over in her hands. "Remember that shitty movie we saw a few months back? The one with the Yautja using the cloaking armor?"

"Yautja?" Jarael asked fumbling over the pronunciation. "Wait! I remember now. Oh! That is the forearm thingy the human soldier found."

"Vambrace," Thorn corrected her. "It is the technical term for armor that protects from the wrist to the elbow. So what kind of cool weapons did you load into this bad boy?"

"Weapons! No." I said and they both frowned. "It is for play."

"He means sex." Neko added as she rose from her spot by the heating vent. "I saw the drawings. It has a bunch of sex toys built into it. Oh. It even dispenses condoms."

"Just condoms." Jarael frowned.

"Not just condoms," I corrected Neko. "Those special ones I designed."

"OOH!" They all tittered happily.

"Yeah. I thought that might change your attitudes." I said. "Whose turn is it for play testing?"

"Mine." Naia called from the hall. "What is it this time?" She asked frowning. 

"This." I said tossing her a metallic disc with a small bright blue nub protruding from one side. "Pick a hole any hole and touch the flat end."

"TPT?" She said reading the letters on the shiny side.

"The Perfect Toy." I said. "Go on, give it a try."

"Fine." She said in her gloomy voice. "Lined up and press... Whoa! What the hell?!" She cried out as the toy began its work. "UNNNNN!"

"What's going on Naia?" Thorn asked her golden eyes flaring with excitement.

"Can't... talk... MMMMMM!"

"Jerry, what is going on?" The others asked me.

So, I explained it to them. The business end of the toy is loaded with compressed nanotubes. When it is activated the nanotubes expand forming and filling a woman's pussy or ass with a slender tube. The tube extends to the perfect depth and then thickens to the perfect capacity. The last state was the activation state. Naia stood up straight and cried out. The toy, now the perfect shape, began vibrating, undulating, and pulsating. Naia dropped to her knees, thrust her ass high in the air and began moaning uncontrollably.

"I'll mark that as a success." I said.

Serenity appeared and looked excited about something. I told Jarael how to shut off the toy and followed Serenity to the bedroom where the TV was already on.

"Master Nick and Mistress Kat are going to be interviewed." Serenity said bouncing in her seat.

"Do you know what is going on?" I asked but she made the gesture for zipping her lips. "Okay, be like that."

Neko and the others carried a broken Naia in and we settled onto the bed. I gestured and turned up the volume.

"Nick Shaw, President and CEO of Numenor Technology, has called for a press conference. There are rumors that he is bringing online several new technologies, but the details remain a mystery until now. Ladies and gentlemen Nick Shaw." The reporter announced at the young self-made billionaire approached the podium.

He looked to be in his early thirties and was sporting a well-manicured goatee and sunglasses. He removed the glasses and began his speech.

"Thank you for allowing me to speak with you today. You all know my company makes the cutting-edge holographic computer systems powered by a crystalline matrix and maintained by an Artificial Intelligence." He paused as there was applause from the crowd. "I have come here today to make a few announcements. First, you might have noticed the large tarp behind me. There are two of them. One here in New York City, and the other is in London. Bring up the other feed please." He said and the massive holographic display behind him split and a second feed, direct from London, could be seen. "I have fought hard to push through legislation for this cutting-edge technology that will revolutionize travel. Tada!" He said triggering the men pulling off the tarp covering the twelve feet tall ring of metal. "Okay London." They revealed their ring and Nick left the podium and approached the ring. The air between it wavered and distorted and as millions watched he stepped from New York to London in less than the blink of an eye. "Hello London!" The London crowd went crazy.

"Holy shit!" I said my jaw dropping. "I can see why he said fought. The airline industry's death knell just sounded."

"You might remember," Nick continued. "Project Spiderbot. After the successful launch of the first Spiderbot into orbit six more have joined it. For those who don't know what I am talking about let me explain. As you may or may not know there are tons of dead satellites in orbit awaiting a decaying orbit to have them burn up in reentry. That could take decades and it is a threat to future space travel. The Spiderbots seek out those dead satellites, wrap them in a sealed webbing and inject microscopic machines. Those nanites break down the satellites into base materials, materials that can be used by the international space station for 3D printing replacement parts and the like."

The crowd roared and he paused to collect his thoughts.

"The schedule for clearing out the dead satellites is less than three years." Another pause and then he went on. "I have another surprise. My company has been working with other space industries to build a bigger and better space station. Have a look." He gestured as the hologram's feed changed. "You are seeing the interior of a secure launch location. I say launch but as you can see at the far end of the air tight compartment is a much larger ring. Its partner is already in orbit." He said and the feed behind him split. One showed the earthbound lab and the other was clearly a shot from orbit showing the other ring. "The lab is in a perfect vacuum so that it matches the conditions of its twin in space. Launch is a go!"

Lights along the walls began to flash as the floor of the lab split open and the first module of the new space station rose by way of an elevator. Mechanical arms lifted the module and moved it through the ring. As we watched the module appeared in orbit instantaneously until the entirety was pushed through. The crowds in New York and London went wild.

"That is the first of several modules to be launched today. Show 'em the live feed link, feel free to watch to your heart's content. The station carries a cutting edge A.I. that will assemble the entire station once the modules have reached orbit. Once the station is assembled and powered up the crew will pass from the ring you see on the right and using jet packs board the station. Freaking jet packs!"

The next half hour was a Q & A session where most of the questions were about the earthbound rings and how soon would there be other rings and where would they be installed. Kat took over as Nick suddenly left the stage and he looked alarmed. I wonder what was going on? Kat took over and showed an animated map that displayed existing rings that were already in place. I thought there were only the two, but they hadn't done things half ass. Most U.S. and European capital cities already possessed them. There were also rings in Japan, India, and other politically stable areas. The cost was pricey for now but once the entire network was in place the prices would drop. The skies would be empty or only for hobbyists that kept up the sport of flying. On the bright side Numenor was hiring as many employees of the airline industry as they could.

"He doesn't do anything half ass." I commented.

"Master Nick is very detail orientated." Serenity agreed. "I hope he is okay."

"You noticed it too." I said, and she nodded. "He'll handle it."

I crawled under the covers and got comfortable. Jarael and Neko joined me while the others left the room and turned the light off on the way out. I felt them snuggle close as I switched off Lilith's gift that had maintained me for three days straight. The exhaustion hit me like a ton of bricks and sleep claimed me immediately. 

The landscape was stark but possessed a primal beauty. It was a stony desert with small outcroppings of blue and violet blooms and tendrils. There was no sound of insects and even the wind seemed to have abandoned this valley. The only light was from a pale crescent moon that was larger than the one I knew so well. I stared up into the night sky and I picked out a faint detail I had missed before. That wasn't a moon, there was a thin line bisecting the equator of the ringed planet. Was this a parallel Earth or someplace different entirely?

'Origin.' The soft voice whispered.

"Symbiote?" I whispered back.

'Yes.' It replied with my own voice. 'Need. Inform. Changes. Complete.'

"You are done modifying me?" I asked.

'Yes.' It said. 'Good as I can make you.' It struggled and then fell silent.

I felt the presence fade away. Would it ever return? I wasn't sure. A part of me was relieved while the other would miss it. The landscape shifted and the world was worn out and free from humans and animal life. The tumbled skyscrapers looked like rotted teeth dotting the cityscape. I saw what happened to our infrastructure once humanity was removed from the equation. Nature had reclaimed it and yet I felt like I was being watched. I crouched and remained still. The stench of dried blood and rotted flesh caught my attention. At first, I thought it was just a change in the wind bringing me the scent of a rotted corpse until I felt the hobbled footsteps. Whatever it was stopped and sniffed the air. It moved again but this time directly towards my hiding spot. I ran.

Like any great horror film, the victim ran while the monster slowly pursued them unless of course you are in a zombie flick and the zombies can run too. In that case you are severely fucked. I knew it was behind me. I did these amazing leaps and was like the king of parkour. I vaulted, ducked, dove, and evaded like a mother fucker. The thing still pursued me. I found an outcropping of green in this monochromatic hellscape. I dove for it.

The jungle engulfed me in a hot and humid embrace. I had left the monster a world away. This was altogether familiar. I recognized plants as well as bird calls and even the growl of a panther above me. The big cat shadowed me but didn't threaten or inhibit my movement. I spotted the top of the pyramid poking out from top of the trees. The dream seemed to be guiding me in that direction. I didn't fight the inexorable pull. The jungle thinned and opened on a clearing. At the center of the clearing was a pyramid, an Egyptian pyramid. The statue of Bastet the cat goddess was a bit of a giveaway. The goddess was lounging with a host of cat kind. 

"How the fuck did you get here?" Bastet asked as she sat up.

"This is just a dream, right?" 

"Yes and no. It is a dream, but a very rare and special form of dream craft." She replied. "Look down."

"What the... I'm blue!" I cried out as I saw my glowing transparent body. 

"Astral projection and very well done. Your body is whole and clearly defined." Bastet purred. "You've been keeping things from us."

"Rest assured I am as surprised at this as you are." I told her feeling honesty was the best course of action. "This is the second dream landscape I've been to tonight."

"Interesting." The cat goddess said her eyes shrewd and clinical. "Are you alone in your bed?"

"No. Jarael and Neko are with me. Does that have any bearing on this?" I asked as she pointed to the mark over my heart.

"Keeper. The mark over your heart. Who gave that to you?" She asked puzzled.

"The Machine Goddess, I think her name is Binary. Is that an issue?"

"Binary. Never heard of her." Bastet admitted. "Did you black out while making love to her?"

"No. My mind has been on overdrive ever since." I said frowning. "I am worn out."

"I don't doubt you Keeper. Would you allow me to grant you a boon?" She purred. "For that wonderful night I am willing to lift that burden. I can't remove it, but I can allow you to turn it off and on."

"Yes... please!" I begged.

"And then you wake up..." Bastet laughed.

I went from dreaming to wide awake without a smooth transition. I slowly sat up and my mind was my own again. The unrelenting analysis of my environment was gone and returned to normal. I tried to switch it on and boom there it was. I turned it off and let out a sigh of relief.

"Thank you, Bastet!" I whispered the quiet prayer.

"Master? Are you okay?" Neko asked sleepily.

"Gotta piss." I laughed and slipped out of bed.

I relieved my bladder and slipped into the shower. The water finished waking me up and I heard Neko following suit. I heard her put down the lid and join me in the shower. I pulled her into my arms and held her tight. She placed her head on my shoulder and purred.

"I love you Master!" She whispered those words and I felt the emotional impact behind them.

"I love you too." I whispered in her ear.

"Master?!" Neko flinched and looked up at me obviously startled.

I kissed her into silence, and she added her own hunger to my own. I kissed my way down to her sensitive nipples. I knew she wanted me to suckle them, so I did. Neko let out a cry as I captured a nipple and licked it before lightly biting it. Her hand wrapped around my erection and slowly stroked me. I heard the soft slapping sounds of Jarael's bare feet striking the tiled floor.

"Aw Jeez, they started without me again." She muttered as she lifted the lid and sat to piss.

"You are free to join us kiddo." I called out scaring Jarael.

"Jerry?" The ghost elf cried out in alarm. "You scared the shit out of me."

"Sorry. I heard you so I'd thought I would invite you to join us, if you want to."

"Boy do I!" She growled. "My pussy needs a good pounding."

"I bet it does." I replied. "Hurry up."

"Jerry?" Jarael asked. "What are you talking about?"

"Don't be shy." I replied as I lifted Neko up in the air, leaned her against the wall of the shower, and began eating her out. "You said, boy does my pussy need a good pounding."

"No, I didn't." Jarael fired back.

"No Master," Neko moaned. "She never said a word."

"Bullshit! I clearly heard you say it." I said and then I remembered the last words of the symbiote. Finished. "Could the symbiote have done something to me?"

"Serenity!" Jarael summoned the A.I. into existence.

"Jarael?" Serenity said as she appeared distorted in the cloud created by the hot water hitting the cold air in the bathroom. "Can you scan Jerry?"

"Not currently. The shower's atmospheric conditions make it impossible. It would refract and disperse the beams. I must wait until he has left the bathroom."

"Please stand by," Jarael asked.

"As you wish miss."

Jarael chuckled when she saw Neko's bare ass pressed against the glass of the shower's wall. She slipped in behind me as I continued to lap and lick at the cat girl. Not to be left waiting, she knelt, slipped in front of me, and began sucking my cock. I drove my tongue deep into Neko's soaked pussy and she caterwauled as she climaxed in my grip. I could feel their desire stoking my own and showed them I understood. I lowered Neko to her feet and Jarael took her place against the glass. I was surprised at how easily I was able to lift and hold her.

"Your belly is glowing Master," Neko informed me. "Athena's gift is active. I wonder what it is?"

I couldn't answer my mouth was otherwise busy. I thought that my improved strength might be the answer though.

"Strength," Neko purred as she licked the head of my cock. "Makes sense for the Goddess of War and Wisdom."

"Hold the fuck on!" I snapped pulling my mouth away from Jarael's pussy. "How did you know that? Why ask if you already knew?"

"Neow! You told me." Neko replied confused.

"No, he didn't," Jarael gasped as I returned to eating her out. "Your tongue is driving me crazy!"

"Something is going on." Neko giggled as he licked the underside of my erection. "You heard Jarael when she not speak. Now I hear you when your tongue deep in ghost elf's pussy."

"Tel... tel... aw fuck!" Jarael cried out as she climaxed. "Telepathy!"

"It makes sense." I said lowering her to her feet. "Time to pound the round."

We dried off and still damp hit the bedroom. Telepathy was the only answer. I could not only pick up on their thoughts but their emotions and needs as well. It was equally true that I was transmitting my own hunger and passion. This manifested itself in the form of three young ladies racing down the steps towards the bedroom. Talon, Xo'Dee, and Naia rushed into the bedroom and all was turmoil as they puppy piled onto the bed.

"Hold it!" Serenity yelled which was followed up with an ear-splitting whistle. All eyes settled on the A.I. who had her hands on her hips. "Ladies. Stand down. I need to scan the Keeper to get a real time look at what is going on."

"Okay." Jarael agreed and the others quickly fell in line. "Scan away."

A holographic screen appeared as Serenity peered at me with everything she had. The scan ranged from body temperature to any radiation I might be putting out. It wasn't until my brain was displayed that Serenity seemed alarmed. She had me perform several tasks to see which parts of my brain activated and how fast. The discovery occurred when Thorn bent over to pick up clothing tossed on the floor that part of my brain activated, and the girls 'felt' my excitement spike.

"Bingo." Serenity said. "What have we here? Your brain has been severely altered and streamlined. Performing full body scan... touch your nose Keeper." She asked and I did. "What the hell?! Again, your other arm this time. This may sting a bit." A thin beam of light struck my left elbow. "Again please. Wiggle your fingers on your left hand. I'll be damned."

"Well that is all very interesting." Jarael said. "Care to translate."

"The symbiote has made some interesting modifications. Have you ever heard of distributed intelligence?" Serenity asked and only Xo'Dee did.

"My entire being is based off that concept." The slime girl said. "Instead of a single localized seat or in your cases a brain. My cells are multifunctional incorporating brain, muscle, and optic properties. It appears that at key muscle groups the Keeper possesses bundles of similar cells. His reaction time must be blisteringly fast."
