 **Author's Note: This is a series I've been working on for the past year and a half. More chapters are on the way.

*****

Courtesan Motto: Your Desires Are Our Pleasure

Chapter 1

"Tomorrow you girls will no longer be girls but women," Matron Euphemia lectured. Euphemia had her time as one of the greatest courtesans of The Athena Belt. She had long wavy red hair like fire and piercing blue eyes as blue as a spring and as sharp as her wit and a voluptuous body. 

Most would describe her as formidable. A woman of refined tastes who could play the game better than anyone. It was probably why she was one of the few old courtesans left. Though no one would dare call Lady Euphemia "old". 

Her raw sensuality gave her a youthful spark. Now she was training other young women in the art of seduction at the Academy of Hedone on Chione, the ice moon that provided citizens of the Athena Belt with water while the planet Europa, the green planet that the Belt circled around, was being terraformed. 

Leila, Constance, and Aurelia wearing their traditional modest white saris, were sitting in their chairs listening to Matron Euphemia's lectures. Tomorrow they would enter their next form of training: The art of love making. They all felt a small tremor of trepidation. From the time they were 11 or so they were taught elegance and sophistication. 

Since they were turning 18 now was time for the physical lessons. Some of the girls were excited. Others were more nervous but they were all taught from an early age to conceal their emotions. Still in some cases it was hard to hide fear or even loathing. They were young yet. 

"I remember my first time with an Erotic Instructor...," Euphemia tilted her head in nostalgia. "One thing you need to remember is that it is just business... But that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the pleasure a little." Euphemia smirked causing the class to giggle in excitement.

"First you'll have a private session," Euphemia explained. "Then you'll practice in front of other students. This will help you to learn from each other on how to please a man." 

"I wonder who I'll get?" Leila whispered to Constance. Leila had Mediterranean ancestry with big pouty lips, chocolate eyes, long dark hair and sepia skin. She had a slender form with perky A-Cup breasts that would make any man look twice. More than twice. 

"Someone handsome no doubt," Constance winked. 

"They're all handsome," Aurelia spoke drily. "It's a requirement although I don't know why since we're going to have a patron who's incredibly ugly."

"With that attitude, Aurelia, that's exactly what you'll get," Constance retorted.

Aurelia glared at Constance whose emerald eyes were already legendary. Lady Euphemia would often with begrudging respect for recognizing physical beauty saying that Constance could grab a man with only her exotic eyes. 

Aurelia and Constance were like day and night. Constance had flawless ivory skin with an oval face, jet black hair that was naturally wavy. Combined with the green eyes she looked like something out of a romance novel. 

Aurelia had somewhat darker skin than Constance. She actually looked like she was kissed by the real sun with gold spun hair and sugar brown eyes. But she had scars beneath her clothes. Aurelia was brought up in the harsh religion of the Covenant. They believed that scars were how one remembered sins to keep them mindful of their mistakes and behave better in the future. 

Ashoka were different. They were similar to the Buddhists of Old Earth who believed in acceptance, non-violence, and reincarnation. Their symbol was a lotus blooming on a pond under a crescent moon in complete contrast to the Covenant Church that showed a flaming heart crowned with thorns inside of a sun.

Those symbols perfectly contrasted the two rival religions. One was fire and brimstone, all passion and resolute while the other was water and tranquil, into deep introspection and tolerance for all. 

"Tomorrow you'll turn 18 which means you'll be able to bathe with the Erotic Instructors to see who you may be matched with," Euphemia continued. "But remember... control yourselves." She eyed them all with a stern look. No consummation before their sessions. This rule was always hard to follow. 

***

The riots started over the smallest thing. Cressida station was the wealthiest in the Athena Belt that mined the asteroids for metals and other resources. However, in the case of class warfare it was on the same level of tension as the others. 

Even 5 years after the disbanding of the Stygian Corps, a brutal sect of the military that caused more blood shed than any terrorist movement they sought to put down, the public still held disdain for the Earth Confederation, the government made up of Old Earth's representatives based on the Ancient Roman style before the Great Cataclysm forced them to abandon the planet to search for a new home. 

It grew worse on the anniversary of Geronimo. It didn't help that the E-Con was suggesting shutting down the courtesan system and abolishing the Third Child Law. Women of the low class were in an uproar. 

The courtesan system gave low class women the opportunity to escape their poverty and provide for their families. To prevent over population the Earth Confederation instituted the two-child system. The Third Child Law allowed unwanted third children to become soldiers or other public servants; wards of the state. 

Now the government wanted to take that away too. Some blamed the Covenant Church's growing influence on politics as Europa came close to becoming ready for colonization. Women needed to be used for procreation now and not pleasure for the decadent high caste of CEOs and politicians. 

On Saturday, on the anniversary of the massacre of Geronimo, the disgruntled murmurs of the low class became a full out cry when a Peace Keeper got into a civilian's face about something; no one can truly remember the specifics of the argument. No one knows who threw the glass bottle but it hit a Peace Keeper in the head. The riot started and ended up making a crack in the wall that vacuumed out precious oxygen. It took a week to repair it. 

Tensions were further inflamed as the infamous Shepherd, leader of propaganda of an anarchist organization called Rekhyt* after the Ancient Egyptian symbol of a bird in chains kneeling before a star representing the common man they adopted, stated that the E-Con had blood on its hands. He's not wrong. Despite government efforts to find or squash Shepherd's broadcasts he remains at large and a thorn in the E-Con's side. Plaguing their radio waves with his rants about civil liberties and justice for all men. 

*** 

Up until this point, Erotic Instructors were kept away from the students in a separate quarter of Hedone. An Erotic Instructor had to be late 20s to late 30s. Unmarried. Had to be experienced in the art of sex and have amazing stamina. And he gave up all right to claim a courtesan upon her graduation. 

So that the students and Erotic Instructors may get a better look at each other before hand they all commune in a public bath. Chione was a dome city of water. It liked to boast of it through water gardens and a fountain on every square. Hedone was no different. Being the most prestigious courtesan training house it liked to echo Old Earth architecture. 

The communal bath was built as a Turkish bath house. Patterns of six pointed stars and constellations from Old Earth from floor to ceiling. Sacred Geometry paying homage to Islamic artwork. Blues, greens, whites, and gold colors illuminated in a dim light to give it some sensual mystic appeal. 

The Erotic Instructors were already bathing. The girls for all their lessons in confidence stood behind the screens looking through peep holes at their potential sex partners. They were all too nervous to walk out. Constance, Aurelia, and Leila always together in their secret triad stood near the entrance. They couldn't help but blush as they watched some very handsome men they've heard the older graduates talk about. 

"I wonder if it will hurt the first time," Leila wondered aloud. 

"Lady Euphemia said that's a myth," Constance shrugged though now she was wondering if there was any truth to what the Matron said as she faced the reality of it all. One hears stories...

"There not going to attack us the minute we go in," Aurelia chided. Aurelia had the most to be tense about. Like many Covenant men and women, Aurelia had old scars from past sins on some places of her body. Despite their rivalry Constance never once poked fun or tried to demean Aurelia for them. Ashoka people are so frustratingly accepting. 

"So who's going first?" Constance asked no one in particular. Aurelia took a deep breath then holding in that breath, puffing out her chest giving her a self assured posture, she walked past the flock of nervously silent hens making herself known to the bathing men. The thrum of male voices instantly ceased. An echoing silence hung in the steamy atmosphere that made everyone clench inside. 

With cool eyes, Aurelia pulled on her silk robe to reveal her nubile body. She was statuesque with long legs, slender shoulders, a swan-like neck that gracefully craned as Aurelia pushed her hair back to reveal her perky B-Cup breasts. Her nipples hardened once they hit the air looking like brown diamonds. Her scars had faded leaving only white marks; an echo but still tangible in memory. A reminder of sins from her past. 

The men stared as Aurelia, pretending they weren't there, descended the stairs of the bath into the steaming water. Once the warm water caressed her skin Aurelia's muscles relaxed as she immersed her entire body into the steamy depths. She emerged, her golden hair gleaming wet, her skin glazed and moist.

This seemed to give the rest of the girls courage though they seemed to telepathically decide to come out of hiding one at a time. Constance followed next. Then Leila. Then the rest.

Once the girls were finally out in the open the tension eased and the Erotic Instructors joined them. They mixed together. The murmur of male voices now tempered with sweet female utterances. Aurelia said something to her black Erotic Instructor that caused his booming laughter. He whispered into her ear that made Aurelia smile seductively. 

There were times when Constance envied Aurelia. Aurelia was always the first to try something. Constance was more timid than that. She escaped to a far corner of the bath which was as large as a public pool. She felt so cut off from the rest of the flock. Even Leila found someone to talk to though it was only her roommate Naomi. 

"It's not right to see a girl by herself." 

Constance turned to see a smug blond young man, late 20s or early 30s like the rest of the instructors, with piercing blue eyes that made Constance feel even more naked. He had a muscular build that Constance couldn't help but admire as her heart began to pound in her ears at the sight of this man swimming closer. 

"My name is Ion Coburn and you are...," Ion held out his hand but Constance didn't take it.

"Constance," she said. 

"First time seeing a naked man?" Ion asked. His hungry blue eyes seeming to devour Constance. It was like facing down a proud lion circling his prey. 

"Or course," Constance said her cheeks burning more hotly than when she entered the steamy waters. 

"I'm your first naked man," Ion smiled broadly. "An honor. I hope to be your first lover too. Wouldn't that be something?" Constance didn't respond. Her training in the art of seduction seeming to have evaporated like the steam from the bath. 

"Such pretty eyes," Ion complimented. "Like emeralds."

Ion reached up touching Constance's face admiring her beauty. The brush of his fingers sent a jolt through Constance. Her heart raced at the sight of his gleaming smile. Though she couldn't shake the feeling of a darkness she sensed coming off of Ion. The way his intense gaze focused only on her in a possessive grip. She was a gazelle alone at the watering hole. 

"You don't have to be afraid of me," Ion chuckled.

"I'm not," Constance lied. "I was trained for this..."

"Even soldiers are trained for war but most of them shit themselves when they enter a real battle."

Constance turned her eyes towards her own naked form. She didn't want to admit that she was nervous. 

"Tell me, Constance, have you ever kissed a man before?" Ion lifted her chin so that she could meet his potent blue eyes. Constance froze. She didn't expect the feel the tremors of excitement, anticipation... and a little fear. 

"I promise I won't ravage you right here and now," Ion smiled. "Just think of this as... a promise of future pleasures between us."

Constance nodded. Ion leaned in as Constance closed her eyes. The touch of his lips was soft, gentle. Barely any pressure. Her heart caught in her throat as she felt his tongue flick her lips. 

The warmth of his breath, the simmering passion behind his kiss left Constance breathless. But when she looked into his eyes again Constance saw that spark of a beast in heat. There was a dangerous intensity in Ion that caused Constance to grow cold. 

She shivered. Ion caressed her face thinking that it was desire that made Constance tremble at his touch. 

"You'll get used to it," Ion whispered. "Just stick with me and I'll make you the greatest lover in the Athena Belt."

Suddenly the bell rang. Bath time was over. Tomorrow their partners would be chosen for them. Constance had conflicting hopes. Something stirred inside her at the tender touch of Ion's kiss but that look in his eyes. They were all consuming. 

*** 

Julian Sulla was the youngest politician in the Belt. Mid 30s and quite handsome with a fit build though a bit pale. He had crystal blue eyes that seemed to smile with him, dark perfectly combed hair with a big smile that made Sulla perfect for TV. The stress of politics can drive one to drink or food for comfort. Sulla had a more healthy outlet. 

Another thing that set him apart was that he was from a lower caste. Agriculture. He would have been a farmer had he not married up though a widower now with a 14 year old son, Sulla was still valued for his mind and cleverness. He also had a bit of charisma. 

Sulla knew how to smile and keep the peace but when force was needed he applied the right pressure. A useful man for the higher caste and a dangerous man to anyone else who stood in his way to power. Yet like all men Sulla had his secrets. One secret was on the surface of his skin. 

Like many Covenant followers Sulla's father would punish him for supposed "sins" he committed. Sulla wore a satin black glove on his right hand to hide the hideous burn marks. His father forced young Sulla's hand on a stove. It was for losing a truck of food. The Rekhyts got a hold of it. It was out of Sulla's hands... Not true to Isaac Sulla. 

Sulla sat in his office adjacent to Viceroy Victor Seneca's larger office when he noticed a discrepancy in the food banks. The numbers didn't match up right. There were supposed to be 200 crates of potatoes in inventory but the count done shows 195. Someone was stealing food. 

Sulla narrowed his keen blue eyes as the nervous young cadet who walked in with the discrepancy stood at attention with darting eyes. 

"Has Viceroy Seneca seen these?" 

The cadet shook his head. 

"Let's keep it between us for now then," Sulla smiled. "No need to worry him with nothing."

"But—"

"I'll look into them," Sulla nodded. "It's probably a misunderstanding." Sulla dismissed his cadet with the wave of his black gloved hand. Once the cadet left, Julian Sulla started thinking of suspects (the cadet being one)... and how this could turn in his favor.

***

The room was softly lit and scented with hyacinth. Aurelia laid on the bed waiting for her Erotic Instructor. His name was Bastian Orsino. She had met him earlier yesterday in the group bath. She couldn't remember the other men. Bastian stood out with his gleaming white smile in contrast with his glazed chocolate flesh and toned muscles. 

Though Aurelia was excited to have picked Bastian's name there were millions of tiny spiders scrawling around in her stomach. Aurelia's heart beat irregularly every few minutes as she picked whatever imaginary dirt was underneath her fingernails. It was all she could do to stop herself from scratching at her scars.

Relax. He didn't notice them. Just be like you were before. That's all Aurelia had to do. Just as her thoughts were running wild the door opened and there he was... Aurelia sat up quickly, her face flushed as Bastian smiled at her.

"Good evening," Bastian greeted with his famous white smile. Aurelia hoped he couldn't see her cheeks red. She just saw him naked yesterday so why would she be nervous now?

"Come on in," Aurelia attempted to recapture her composure from the bath. Bastian seemed attracted to that.

"Are you ready?" Bastian asked as he sat on the bed next to Aurelia. 

Bastian lifted Aurelia's chin and noticed her one small scar on her shoulder blade. 

Aurelia's were downcast, the shame of her scars now visible on her face. Her walls were back up again. Bastian maintained his gentle smile.

"You're not the first Covenant girl I've been with just so you know," Bastian soothed. "I've seen worse trust me."

"Not many people... understand the Covenant Church's methods of penance," Aurelia spoke in a hard tone. Bastian lifted his hands in surrender, "I know the feeling. Not many people understand the Ashoka either."

"You're Ashoka?" She should have guessed given his body seemed so perfect.

"I was raised in a temple with nuns and monks," Bastian explained. "One of those integrated temples. I was supposed to be a monk too you know."

"Really?" Aurelia's body relaxed a little as she leaned in with interest. "My father is a priest and my mother is a nun." She smoothed over the other places where her scars were. She could still feel them itch.

"Yeah but living a celibate life... let's just say it wasn't the life for me," Bastian laughed. Aurelia smiled despite herself. 

"There's that smile," Bastian grinned. "You're prettier when you smile. Your eyes seem to shine."

"I'm sure you tell that to a lot of girls," Aurelia rolled her eyes but her smile remained. 

"In this case I mean it," he said. They sat in silence looking at each other with smiling faces. Aurelia felt her walls come down at each minute. 

"We can take this as slow as you want to," Bastian assured her.

Bastian pulled Aurelia in, pressing his experienced lips to her stunned ones. Tingling sensations came in waves all over Aurelia's body right down to in between her legs. Bastian pulled away, his warm honey brown eyes melting her icy blue irises like the new sun melted the icy tundra of Chione once every two years. 

Without a word Aurelia surrendered but this time she was the one who made the moves. When Bastian licked her lips Aurelia caught it in her mouth like a Venus Fly trap. She continued this seduction by invading Bastian's mouth, spearing her tongue first tenderly, shyly to test the waters then in a rush of desire explored his teeth, the roof of his mouth as Aurelia pulled him down onto the bed. 

Bastian smiled as he felt a stirring in his pants. This girl was definitely ready. Bastian broke the erotic kiss. "I promise to be gentle..."

Aurelia smiled, a smile full of expectation though her body still trembled. Trembled from excitement as well as trepidation.

"I told you," Bastian read her thoughts. "I am here to teach you. Just let go..." 

Aurelia could hear only static of her heartbeat as Bastian parted her quivering thighs. Bastian could feel the heat from her fiery furnace as his hand traveled down her leg, slowly, savoring it's smoothness. She had thin legs but firm.
