 Selise and Mara Thornblood, sisters in blood and blade. The products of a great wizard's alchemy, they were blessed from birth with uncanny strength and reflexes, bred to be the spellcaster's ultimate bodyguards. Alas, the concoction was unstable and what brought them into this world took the wizard out of it, devoured in the alchemical flames of their birth.

Now the twin sisters, fully grown and accomplished swords both, ply their bloody trade in a bloody world...

"Are you ready, dear sister?" Mara held the WANTED poster up to the waning sunlight. "The slayer's weight in gold for the demon's head..." she said aloud and then ran her eyes down Selise's nubile body. Selise was black of hair and possessed a purple stare, her unnatural eye color as much a product of alchemy as her surreal beauty. The plunging neckline of her silken robe showed a mile of soft cleavage before turning to the hard, sculpted plate of her armor, clinging to her form like a steel negligee.

"We could always have them count the both of us." she said. "Where one goes, both kill."

Mara smiled. She was the exact image of her sister, but in opposite. Her hair was light and golden, her dark green eyes a contrast to Selise's vivid violets. Selise possessed a pale allure, whereas Mara's complexion was golden, always golden no matter how much or how little sun she got.

"Two hundred eighty pounds of gold..." said Mara. "If we stuff our faces before we show them the head, we could probably get another twenty on top of it."

Selise drew her long sword and regarded the ruined church among the skeletal trees. "As you say, Mara." She took a step forward and surveyed the grounds. "Now I do remember you losing the coin toss. Which means-"

"Yes. I know." muttered Mara, sliding her arm through the bands of her shield and drawing her own sword. "The crypts."

Selise chuckled. "Be a good sport, sister. Besides, you'll probably be the one to face the beast. The ugly ones seldom hide where the sun shines." 

An invisible presence regarded the duo, admiring their weapons... and their beauty. It willed the wind to blow through the trees, exposing an even greater window of cleavage across Selise's chest, the creamy slopes of her breasts heaving to the sudden breeze. The ornamental leather flaps around Mara's leather skirt blew up, revealing a pair of lush and plump ass cheeks.

The chill wind made both cease their dawdling, sensing sorcery in the air. The presence was happy, its impatience quelled. Both sisters fanned out through the tall grass, making their way to the demon and destiny.

Their last hunt.

***

Mara walked through the crypts, a torch in the hand where a sword should have been. Gothic arches spanned the corridors, cobwebs filled the dark, and along the floor... nothing but skeletons. Suspicion prickled at her senses.

There were as many skeletons of women as there were of men. She could not fathom that there were that many she-warriors in the world, all of their quests finding their ends beneath the church. Perhaps fallen nuns? That none of their bones were broken further spurred her speculation.

How had the demon killed them?

***

Selise tread among the splintered pews in the church, the shattered roof letting beams of gray daylight dapple the rotten wood and decayed carpets.

She did not expect to face her foe here, but even if she did, she thought it would be yet another grotesque and hulking demon lord. The monster slayer had sent a hundred of their like back to hell before, she would do so again.

Yet she saw nothing of her prey, but for twin golden red eyes that watched her from above the altar, burning in the shadows. She raised her sword high and took a deep breath, her buxom chest rising into mouth watering swells of cleavage against her plate. But the moment she focused her eyes on the fiery orbs, she paused.

She felt a thought. A certain... thrilling... sensation seemed to wind its way down through her flesh.

She continued to look into the eyes, searching, wondering if her feeling was just a feeling or something more. Selise felt the impulse again and this time panted heavily. She felt frozen in place and couldn't bring herself to raise her sword any higher. 

In fact, she felt best if she lowered it.

Once the blade pointed at the ground, another wave of excitement teased her nerves. Her full breasts rose, and her eyes fluttered as the foreign thought took root in her mind at last.

Come to me.

***

Mara began to ascend the steps up into the church proper. Her torch illuminated ancient drawings along the walls, crudely scraped upon the stone in splotches of indigo and blood. It showed scores of followers, lines leading to circles and circles spinning to lines, the flicker of Mara's flame making them writhe to the play of light and shadow.

They did not look miserable or in pain. Mara looked closer and found their faces, primitively drawn as they were, were contorted in ecstasy. In the center of each circle was a being, horned and magnificent. The creature was shaped like a woman, depicted with flared hips and overabundant tits, and she was rendered in the most vivid shade of purple Mara had ever seen.

The more steps Mara ascended, the more the depictions of the followers changed. They slackened and slumped until they were on their backs, their demon mistress unchanged, as robust as when the drawings began.

Cold realization settled over Mara's heart. She covered the last steps in entire bounds, already seeing the daylight from the dilapidated church above. Selise had no idea what evil had taken root here.

***

Selise dragged her feet ever forward, her blade skidding across ruined rugs and splintered stone. She wanted to be closer to those eyes she saw in the darkness. No. She needed to be closer.

Stop.

Selise stopped moving, the sound of the voice making her gasp with delight. The echoes of it slithered through her mind, her slow and sluggish mind, its keenness dulled, her fears transmuted into anticipation. The command worked its way through her flesh, rooting her feet to the floor.

Take off your robes.

Selise moaned and let her silken layers slide off her shoulders like water. She closed her eyes and arched her back as the command teased and plucked at her senses. Her massive tits jutted out, her sweet flesh swelling to slide out of their steel constraints. A fine layer of sweat rose across her body, her building arousal almost cooking her inside the armor. Fine, clear rivulets of perspiration rolled along the mounds of her bosom, falling into the rising valley of soft cleavage.

A part of her tried to form a thought over this. She knew she was under a spell. She had never been put under a spell before. This part of her tried to resist the pull of the siren call... but only because she knew she was supposed to. Because her sister would expect her to.

The rest of her yielded to alien euphoria, straining her ears to hear more of her seducer's whispers.

Give yourself to me.

Each word induced tremors of pleasure. Selise could not imagine being able to stand for much longer. Unconsciously, she removed her shoulder plate, then began to pull off her leather gloves. Her exposed flesh tingled to the air, as if she was beset by a hundred lips and a hundred tongues. The logical part of her mind observed her seduction from afar, as if divorced and forced out of her physical body, regarding her helpless flesh succumb to every whisper and whim of the creature in the dark.

Drop your sword.

She moaned out load, her fingers releasing the handle at once. Overcome by a sensation of pleasurable drowning, she luxuriated in her own arousal, her quivering pussy bathing her inner thighs in her own moisture, her swollen nipples poking against her armor. The little token resistance that lingered at the outskirts of her mind was no more.

Every one of her own thoughts was suppressed and overpowered, easily and effortlessly, the true Selise pinned under a millstone of ecstasy.

The warrior panted with anticipation, standing in paralyzed agony and pleasure. And then out of the shadows she came. Not her sister, but the author of her seduction. The creature that emerged from the dark was the essence of temptation itself.

It seemed to wear the night, its complexion purplish-black, each bead of perspiration across her strong thighs and mammoth breasts sparkled like the stars themselves. "N... no..." Selise said with an empty mind, taking in the demoness's head, intricate horns spiraling from the sides of her skull like a ram's rack. 

Selise breathed even harder as the seductress approached, her eyes expressing one last note of fear, seeing the demoness sway her tail back and forth, before the creature's scent numbed her senses once more and her gaze turned glassy and dull.

The succubus stopped right before Selise, laying her delicate black claws around the edges of the she-warrior's chestplate. "You are mine. For now and forever." Selise lolled her head to the side, a low moan of assent rising from her trembling lips. The succubus sliced through the buckles and straps holding Selise's plates together.

The steel clattered on the ground and the soft heft of Selise's creamy tits bounced free. The sudden sensation of magic prickling across her nipples made Selise shudder, a miniature release washing through her flesh.

The succubus cooed in delight and her violent fingers sunk into the yielding flesh of Selise's bosom, squeezing the woman's pert mounds and tracing a finger around her shaded areolas. "You are too perfect to suck dry." She extended her long, prehensile tongue and swept it up Selise's glistening neck, bringing her plump lips to the she-warrior's ear. "I do not unmake works of art." Her hands crawled down Selise's back and undid the clasps that held her leggings together, exposing the ivory swells of her jutting ass cheeks, like two sculpted dollops of cream. "I remake them."

The succubus pulled back and faced Selise. Poisonous fumes puffed out from her nose and mouth, making Selise's head swim even more. The warrior could make out the demoness's glowing red eyes through the cloud, and beheld visions of infinite lust through a veil of crimson, legs locked behind backs, breasts bouncing high and long manes of silken locks tossing even higher, the sound of a thousand cries of pleasure reverberating through her skull.

She knew she was doomed, that the succubus's lithe and probing tail had darker implications for herself. Selise's pussy moistened and her thighs shivered at how the creature would defile her, stain her purity.

Pleasurable acceptance and surrender reigned in Selise's heart.

She would be corrupted.

***

When Mara emerged from the crypts and into the church, she knew something was wrong. She could coughed and stumbled over rubble, overcome by the violet tinged fumes that hung in the air. "Selise!" she cried out, her honed ears hearing nothing but gentle sighs and welcoming moans.

She drew her sword and held her breath, making blind slashes through the choking fog. It was not smart. She could have hurt her sister. But she was desperate.

You are blind, Mara Thornblood. 

Mara fell to her knees the instant she heard the voice, while sudden arousal flushed between her legs. She kept herself upright by leaning on her sword, dropping the shield from her other hand. It had grown too heavy. 

Open your eyes, and see. See me. See your sister.

The purple haze parted from the sides, and Mara's struggle for breath was alleviated. She tried to pant, to focus on the air, anything but the merciless heat that gripped her flesh.

She wanted to strip and be nude, to remove the plates that cupped her voluminous breasts... but she knew that would just play into the demoness's designs.

Just as the wicked creature's hands played with Selise now, nails tracing up the warrior's sculpted legs, her bizarre tail weaved across Selise's tight belly, making it undulate with the faintest touch. 

Mara rallied her breath and shouted. "No goddammit! Snap out of it!"

She fell forward, all strength sapped away. She landed on her stomach, only to catch a view of Selise's bare ass, swaying round and round like a perfect bubble as the demoness had her way with her.

The succubus moaned as it kneaded the warrior's soft cheeks, her dark claws stark against Selise's pale cheeks. Mara screamed as she saw the succubus' tail rise up between her legs like a stinger before impaling her helpless sister through her glistening slit.

Selise shuddered immediately, her head rocking back in ecstasy as the sheer length and thickness of the succubus' tail lifted her off the ground. Mara found herself aroused at the way Selise's toned bottom clenched and spasmed to the she-devil's thrusts. Mumbled incoherences and excited gasps flew out of the seasoned warrior's mouth, years of experience and a honed mind reduced to a mindless pool of infernal pleasure.

Mara slumped forward to her sister, her limbs just as numb as her mind. Selise was going to fall into darkness, in the most intimate way possible. That this demoness was going to do what legions of undead, giants and trolls could not gave her chills.

It gave Selise thrills. Mara could tell she was still fighting it, but it was a fight no mortal was meant to win. Her toes curled as she squirmed lustfully on her violator, each effort to back off only sinking her deeper upon the succubus' length. Her creamy ass cheeks were never at peace, jiggling and bouncing as orgasm after orgasm sent her into convulsions.

And then it all changed.

"Oh no..." croaked Mara, watching as the succubus yanked her tail back, dragging Selise straight into her bosomy embrace. The she-devil's claws sunk deep into Selise's lush bottom, widening her feminine flesh out under the pressure of her grip as she brought the dazed blade mistress hip to hip, slit to slit. The succubus's giant breasts pillowed out against Selise's ample globes, like a wave of immaculate porcelain flesh.

Selise's love juices streamed down the back of her spasming thighs, her back arched and her head rolled back, breasts high and glistening, her whole body ready for the coup de grace. The succubus moved her hands up from the woman's backside and up to the sides of her face, cradling it like a lover as her plush black lips smothered Selise's own.

"Noooo!" shouted Mara, her eyes welling up as Selise shivered and bucked within the succubus' arms. Glowing orange red fluids overflowed from her mouth and raced down her neck, swirling around her breasts as it obeyed its own rules of gravity.

Selise's violent jerks and twitches were contrasted by her luscious moans, sounds of utter surrender to her dark fate. Mara could only watch as orgasm after orgasm, she lost her sister. Nails blackened into hard talons. Her smooth alabaster complexion slowly darkened, while purplish black veins spread under her skin. The corrupting, fiery nectar that came from the succubus looked like rivers of liquid flame against Selise's voluptuous flesh.

Mara could even make out a slight glow through Selise's belly where the succubus had poured her infernal essence into her sister, making her one with her evil. The defeated warrior's ears began to lengthen, like sharp impish daggers. Selise's eyes shot open, swimming with unholy fire, while a low, deep and thousand voiced moan rushed from her quivering lips. She arched her back, overcome with her most powerful orgasm yet as her tail bone lengthened into a prehensile appendage, her ecstasy cresting with a spurt of glowing demonic nectar from the tip of her arrow headed tail.

"Yessss!" hissed Selise, her feeble struggles of before replaced into lustful writhing. Her glossy black hair was no more, shifting and swaying like a wall of foamy white gold, bright against her dark indigo skin. "Stain me more, Lanaleth! Ruin me so I can ruin her!" she gasped in pleasure and lolled her head over to Mara, her demonic eyes shred of any trace of sisterly affection.

Only hunger remained.

Lanaleth the succubus bared her fangs and shuddered as another climax raged through her flesh. And then to Mara's horror, she honored Selise's plea. Infernal light beamed from the demoness's palms and passed into Selise.

Mara's sister began to shake and convulse evermore as her skin grew brighter and brighter, the light so merciless that even when Mara forced her eyes closed, it was still too much. Her pain was brief, her blindness was not. All at once a boom swept through the church, upending pews and shattering what windows were left. The sound of the explosion was filled with the music of disembodied agony and spiritual ecstasy... the sound of a soul devoured.

When Mara could see again, she saw her sister... or rather the thing that had taken her place. Long ebony horns curved out from her forehead, gleaming against the glossy rivers of white that flowed across her brow and shoulders. Raised scales hugged at her mid-section and ran across the tops of her hands. And her eyes... her eyes were like the succubus because she was a succubus. Fiery red and filled with pure malice.

And desire.

"Sssister..." she said, her face stretching in unnatural ways to accommodate the words. Drool from her over long tongue fell across her strong yet soft thighs, while beads of sweat ran across the round mounds of her giant tits, purplish blue in hue. "I see you now. I've seen you countless times. But to see you now... so untouched, untainted... pure. It's like I'm seeing a different person. But we know that's not true is it? You're not the one who's changed." She rose up from her knees and stroked her tail, sighing at the sensation. "But you will be."

Mara coughed and regarded Lanaleth's white smile and red eyes with utter hate. She looked back to her luscious sister, her curves jiggling, swaying and flexing with temptation with every step she took closer. "Let me leave or you change nothing... sister." It was hard for her to say the word, but easier to pull a knife from her hip and bring it to her throat.

Selise paused and then looked back to Lanaleth. The treacherous succubus gave a nod and Selise gave a step forward. "I won't let that happen, Mara. I simply won't. We were born sisters. We will die sisters. Not as enemies." She shrugged and let out a shrill laugh. "Then again, I do believe succubi are immortal, so perhaps we'd never die. You were always more studied in demonology than myself." She looked at her changed hand, how far the bones protruded from underneath her scaly skin and the long, knife-like talons that extended from her nails. "How ironic that I should be first."

Mara moved the knife closer.

"Mara, look into my eyes." her sister said, her words laced with the inner pleasure that came with each breathing moment as a succubus. "Please..."

Mara knew in the back of her head that she should have not looked into her sister's eyes. But one last tinge of familial loyalty compelled her too, especially the way Selise said please. When she did gaze into those fire tinged orbs, Mara knew... whatever happened after... she had just made her last mistake.

She looked into the glowing reds of her sister's gaze. "Oh... no..." Her breathing slowed while heat built up between her legs. That was the last she felt before the vision overtook her. She moaned while evil sensations crept into her flesh, taking root like an invasive species in a new, untouched habitat.

In between writhing bodies drenched in red light, demon faced harlots getting their faces fucked by massive infernal members, their drool setting the parched earth on fire... she saw the truth of everything.

***

"... and you will go, Lanaleth. Bring Mara to me. I would know she that slew my brother." said the one she knew as the Demon King. Mara gasped and then bit her lips, her eyes glazing over as numbing euphoria descended through her body.
