 Author's Notes:

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this work wherever it is posted. If found anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. © Darkniciad 2007

The villains in this story are truly evil, and their actions prove it. Some scenes may be disturbing for some readers.

I make use of modern weights and measures quite often in my work, because those are the weights and measures of my fantasy world. I know many fantasy readers prefer more archaic terms, and I hope those readers can overlook my use of miles, feet, and other such measures.

Please note that the form of witchcraft in my world is not meant to be true Wicca. Nor is it supposed to follow "Charmed" exactly. No offence or confusion is intended.

You should read the preceding chapters of this story in order to know the characters and what is going on. You will find that reading Book I of this story, Danica, will give you a lot of insight into the characters and the continuing storyline.

{*****~~o~~0~~o~~*****}

Danica put down the wand, satisfied with the design. With the bodies of both wands done, finishing the construction tomorrow would be easy. Finishing the enchantment might be another thing entirely.

Edna appeared in the doorway and tapped the doorjamb. "The girls are abed. Come along now, Celes and Andrea can use some support. It's time for them to unbind my powers, so I can be of more use around here."

"Did you come up with some ideas for your cottage?" Danica asked as she stood.

"I'd say we have it worked out." Edna beckoned, and Danica followed.

The three witches stood around a design drawn on the floor in chalk, studying copies of the spell they were about to cast. Marlena stood off to one side, looking more than a little sleepy.

Edna asked, "Are the three of you ready?"

Ashley looked at each of her sister witches in turn, receiving nods indicating that they had the spell memorized well enough to cast it. "We're ready. Are you?"

"Binding my powers was the hardest thing I ever did," Edna revealed as she moved toward the design on the floor. "I should have bound all my powers, but I couldn't do it. I'm ready."

Edna stepped into the sigil drawn on the floor, and nodded to the three witches surrounding her. The bond between Celes, Andrea, and Ashley revealed itself when they started the spell with no further prompting or signal.

