 "What's that?" Brandon pointed across the attic at something that looked like a human figure, draped in a white dustcloth. "Creepy."

Pete looked up from the cardboard box he was pawing through. "That's the old sitter-bot."

"Shit! You guys are rich! You've got a sitter-bot? That you don't even use? Does it work?"

"Yeah, it works. We're not that rich. Dad got it almost free from a private school that was upgrading its faculty. It was the librarian, and he brought it home and enabled the childcare options. Don't get sidetracked, come help me find that stuff for my mom."

Brandon ignored him and walked over to the table, pulling the cloth off the robot's head and shoulders. "Man, she's hot! Are you sure she works?"

"Yeah, it works. It's in hibernation mode. It stays warm and does routine maintenance, and calls Dad if it needs something. Mom and Dad keep it maintained so they can give it to my sister when she starts having kids." He grinned at Brandon. "It looks human, doesn't it? Dad thought the sitter should LOOK like a sitter. When it was teaching Jenny how to swim, I was crushing on it. I used to sit up in my room and watch it through the window. It looked good in a bikini."

Brandon grinned at him. "You were hot for her, huh. She looks like that bot at the theater. You know, the usher?"

"Yeah, it was a popular model. I see them all over the city. Different hair and skin, but basically the same robot."

Brandon had accessed the owner's manual on his pad and was thumbing through the pages. He absently wiped the sweat off his forehead. "Shit, your attic gets hot in the summer."

Pete nodded and pulled off his tee, using it to mop the sweat off his neck and face. "If you'd come help me, we'd get out of here quicker!" He turned his attention back to the box on the floor in front of him, looking for the drives that his mother had asked him to bring down from the attic.

"Pete!" Brandon sounded surprised.

"Yeah, what?" He said absently as he opened another box.

"This is fully functional." He pulled the dust cloth off and let it fall to the floor, revealing a robot dressed in a pale orange jumpsuit, eyes closed. It was a high end human emulator, and in spite of being old technology, could pass for a twenty year old human female in nearly any setting.

"Yeah, so what?"

"Pete, this is fully functional! Shit, it's a sexbot!"

Pete looked up, annoyed. "No, she's not. She's a librarian with childcare modes enabled."

"Pete, look at the manual, she's fully functional!"

"No, she's not. Get real. What would we be doing with a sexbot? And be quiet, someone will hear you." He gestured at the door which silently dilated shut, and joined Brandon, looking over his shoulder at the pad. 

"Wow." He grinned. "She has a lot of options, I'll say that." He took the pad from his friend and tapped in an access code. The robot on the table chimed and he tapped the pad a few more times.

"See?" He pointed at the screen. "Fully functional, yeah, but it doesn't have the subroutines for EVERYthing. Conservative family here, remember? No sexbots here, dummy."

"So what? Let's install them."

Pete laughed. "Do you wanna fuck my robot?"

"Duh, SURE! And so do you! It's awesome! I saved up for six months for a session with a bot that didn't have half the capabilities that this one does! It was great!"

Pete looked at his friend. "You bought a sexbot session? Liar. You can't do anything like that without parental approval."

Brandon blushed. "Dad was okay with it. He said I needed the education. Besides, I'm eighteen now, you're nineteen. We can do anything we want!"

"That's not the point, Bran. It's not my robot, and Mom and Dad sure as hell aren't going to let me start nooky'n with the family bot, not even for 'education!'"

Brandon shrugged. "They don't have to know."

"How can we do it without them finding out? I can't just have an active robot in my room, they'd notice. And besides, we don't have the codes for the subroutines. You think we're just going to walk into a mart and ask for sexbot codes? Codes like that are expensive."

"Pete, it's old technology. I bet I can find pirated codes in ten minutes." He snatched his pad back and tapped furiously for a couple of seconds.

"See... here's the basic code, and there are three... no, four modes." He looked pleadingly at his friend. "Shit, man, you've got the most awesome toy, and you're wasting it!"

Pete ran his finger over the bot's arm, feeling the lifelike synthskin. "Her name is Chloe." He shook his head. "My dad's not stupid. He can look at the installed code page as easily as we can."

"I'm not stupid either, Peter! I can bury it so deep, so many passwords, he'll never know. Come on, man, let's get us some bot action."

Pete grinned. "You're perving out on me, Bran." He looked at the robot again. "I was seriously crushing on her when I was thirteen. It really made me mad when they deactivated her and put her up here." 

Brandon nodded. "Yeah, and now you can get there, Pete. Do the babysitter. You know you want it."

Pete paused and brushed hair out of the bot's eyes.

"Okay, I'm not saying we're going to do it. But, here's what we'll do. I'll try to sell the idea of reactivating her, and you see if you can find some code that isn't dripping with viruses."

------------------------

The next morning, the whole family was gathered around the breakfast table. Pete cleared his throat. "Dad, I'm in college now, and I've got papers to write. Devon and Jen are always on the library nodes."

Devon looked up, insulted. "NO, we're not!"

His mother shushed Devon and said, "Homework trumps... you just have to tell them, Pete, and they'll let you use a node."

Ignoring the dirty look from his sister, he plowed on. "Yeah, but that's awkward. I've got a better idea. When I was up in the attic yesterday getting your drives, I saw the old bot. It's got a built in library node. We could reactivate it and not have to pay for another subscription."

"No," his father said, "that bot is a childcare provider for when your older sister starts her family... and then for you when you start yours."

"Dad, okay, but those things are indestructible. Using it for library work won't wear it out, and when Samantha needs a babysitter, we'll just send it over. No way do those things ever wear out!"

Dad started to shake his head again, but his wife put her hand on his forearm. "I've been thinking about reactivating it too. The maid service isn't keeping the house clean, and that sitter-bot has house cleaning routines. We could save some money and the house would look better."

Pete smiled inside. Saving money always worked for Dad.

"Okay, go ahead and bring it back online," he said thoughtfully, "but activate bounds ... I don't want it going off the property and getting hit by a car."

Pete nodded solemnly. "Don't let it leave the property, can do. Thanks, Dad."

After breakfast Pete went up to his room and called Brandon.

"Hello?"

"Brandon, get us some codes..." ------------------- Two weeks later, Chloe had been reactivated uneventfully. She'd helped Pete with the research on a couple of his papers, and was keeping the house neat and tidy. It was late morning and she was downstairs cleaning the carpets. 

Brandon, however, hadn't found codes that weren't corrupt or worse, and Pete was beginning to think it was a lost cause. Pete had tried not to think of Chloe sexually, but Dad insisted she wear regular clothes, not standard house robot uniforms because he wanted to downplay the robot-ness of his household staff. She dressed in the tight jeans and tee shirts that any 20 year old girl would wear, and Pete involuntarily found himself watching her ass as she walked around the rooms.

This morning, Pete had slept late, and had just stepped out of the shower. He was in front of his closet, vigorously toweling his hair when the door dilated and Brandon rushed in.

"Damn, Bran, knock or something!" Pete pulled a pair of swim trunks out of the drawer and stepped into them.

"Since when do either of us knock? But never mind that, I got it!"

"Got what?"

He waved his pad in the air. "Codes, man, I found codes!"

Pete looked at him, then at the pad. "Chloe codes?"

"Yeah, for Chloe, what do you think I'm talking about! When can we install them?"

Pete thought for a minute. "I think everyone's gone. Maybe now? How long does it take?"

"Just a few seconds. Where is she?" "Downstairs, I think."

Pete pulled on a shirt without buttoning it and they raced down the stairs.

"Chloe," Pete shouted, "Chloe, where are you?"

"In the living room."

They tore around the corner, skidded to a stop and looked at Chloe. At five eleven and about 125 pounds she was almost too tall and skinny for classical beauty, but she was a handsome machine. Blue eyes and outfitted with brunette hair to her shoulders, she'd be getting lots of attention from guys if she were ever allowed to leave the house.

When she did leave the house she wore the shapeless orange jumpsuit required of household servant bots. It showed other humans that she was a servant robot, and not to be spoken to except for purposes of communication necessary to her job. Because she wasn't going anywhere today, she was dressed in cut off jeans that she'd rescued from Pete's older sister's closet and a too small tee that his younger sister, Jana had given her. She was barefoot. Pete spent a fraction of a second thinking about how totally fuckable she looked.

"Um," said Pete. "Um, Chloe, I've got new access codes and some subroutines for you. Let's install them now."

Chloe smiled. "Okay. Right here?"

Pete and Brandon sat down on the couch in front of the bot. "Sure. Are you okay with laying on the floor?"

Chloe wordlessly lay down on the floor in front of them, by the window. "Do I need to power down completely?"

Pete looked at Brandon, who shook his head. "No, just go into standby. But backup first, okay?"

Chloe blinked once. "Backup confirmed. Standby initiated." Her eyes closed.

"Brandon, are you sure you know what you're doing?"

"Yeah, relax." He handed his friend the pad.

"Enter the access code."

"Wait. Hold on. What if someone walks in when we're ... you know?"

"Can't happen. Let me show you, just give me access. If you don't like it, we'll scram her back to the backup."

Pete shrugged, entered the password, and wordlessly handed the pad back to Brandon.

Brandon tapped on the pad industriously for a few seconds, paused and looked at Chloe, then tapped twice more. The pad chimed twice, Chloe chimed twice, and Brandon sighed.

"Okay, it's done. Let's check the installed code page." He tapped at the pad and showed it to Pete. "See? The RS section is still grayed out."

"RS?"

"Recreational Sex."

Pete stifled a laugh. He looked at Chloe, still lying peacefully on the living room carpet. 

"Is that it? Isn't something supposed to happen?"

"Well, yeah, but we need to power her back up. Then, the passwords. It's two levels deep, behind two password protected walls."

Pete paused, then said, "Chloe, wake up now."

Chloe opened her eyes and smiled. "I'm back. It didn't work, there are no new codes or routines. What were you trying to install?"

"Standby again, Pete."

Pete looked at Chloe. "Chloe, go to standby again, please." She closed her eyes.

"That's good," said Brandon, "it's buried deep in the operating system. When it's not active, even she doesn't know it's there."

"Okay, but we seriously can't get caught. What if someone..."

"I hacked into the security subroutines. She'll use her long range scanners and the house scanners to watch, and will verbally alert you if someone is coming. Wake her up, let's give her the passwords and you'll see."

"But her owner is Dad. She can't lie to him..."

"I hacked into that too. She's still coded to your dad... until you activate RS mode. Then you and I are her boyfriends."

"You? You're her boyfriend?"

"Relax, we both are. I thought we shared, Bro!"

Pete sighed. "Okay, let's see what happens. What are the passwords?"

"I'll show you. Wake her up and activate five seven oh."

Pete looked at Brandon for a moment, then shrugged and said "Chloe, wake up now."

The bot opened her eyes. "Are we done? I've got work to do."

"Chloe, activate subroutine five seven oh."

Chloe looked curiously at Pete. "What?"

Pete looked at Brandon. "She's asking for confirmation, without, you know, asking. Watch."

Brandon said "Chloe, you like to fuck, don't you?" 

The bot blushed and smiled. "Yeah, I do!" she answered.

He looked back at Pete. "K, see, the blush and the smile are the confirmation. She's in RS mode now."

"She doesn't look different to me. Are you sure it's working?"

Brandon shrugged. "Only one way to know. Chloe, perimeter check, please."

Chloe blinked once and said, "No one is on the property except for Pete and Brandon Farnsworth."

"What about bots?"

"The family bots have completed their morning tasks and are powered down in their closets."

"Chloe, what will you do if someone approaches?"

"I will give my boyfriends a verbal warning of the approach, and then help them eliminate all evidence of any recreational sexual activity that may have been taking place. Then I will revert to housekeeper/librarian mode."

Pete's eyes got wide.

Brandon said "Chloe, give Pete a handjob, please."

Chloe blushed and grinned and reached out and began to pull on the drawstring on Pete's swim trunks. "Would you like that, Pete? May I?" She asked.

Peter nodded wordlessly and Chloe untied his trunks. She grabbed the waistband on each side and pulled them off his body, exposing his semi-hard cock. Taking him in both hands she gave him two gentle tugs and smiled up at him.

"Brandon," Chloe said, "go get us some lotion, please."

"NO," croaked Pete. He cleared his throat and said, "No... Chloe I don't want a handjob."

Chloe stopped and sat cross-legged on the floor.

Brandon looked at his friend. "Are you crazy?"

Pete said, "Chloe, I want a blowjob." 

Chloe blushed and grinned, and took his cock in her hands, guiding it to her mouth. She licked him, getting him wet and slippery. She pumped his cock slowly with her left hand, her tongue swirling the tip as her right hand cupped his balls and gently played with them.

Pete gasped as his whole body tensed. His hands dug into the cushions of the couch as Chloe began to suck and slide his cock in and out of her mouth. She went deeper, and choked a little, smiled up at Pete apologetically, then began to slurp at him as if he were a Popsicle.

Brandon grinned and sat down on the chair, watching the fun.

Pete croaked "Bran, Get out of here!" Brandon ignored him.

Chloe slid him deep into her mouth, not choking this time. She sucked hard as she came back up, then licked him like a Popsicle, holding his cock with her right hand, gently caressing his balls with her left.

He tensed again as she swirled the tip with her tongue. He moaned and ran his fingers through her hair as she slipped him in and out of his mouth. His breathing became fast and shallow and he grunted when she made one particularly deep stroke. 

"Shit, I've never been this hard!"

Chloe slid her hands under him and grabbed his ass cheeks, pulling him closer to her, pulling his cheeks gently apart. She sucked and slurped, sliding him in and out.

"Shit, shit, shit," moaned Pete. He closed his eyes and gripped the bot's head. She stopped pumping and sucked hard on the tip of his cock.

"Chloe, stop, I'm gunna cum!"

She giggled, licking her lips, a string of saliva trailing from one corner of her mouth to the tip of his raging hard on. 

"Silly, you're supposed to cum!" She dived back onto him, sucking noisily.

He moaned one last time and arched his back as his cock shot ropes of cum into her mouth. She squealed and swallowed, trying hard to keep every drop in her mouth. Some of it dribbled out and ran down his cock and down her chin. She giggled and licked him clean as he lay there, panting hard.

Chloe sighed and smiled dreamily up at him, licking a bit of his boybatter off her chin.

Pete opened his eyes and said, "Shit, Chloe, that was awesome!"

He looked over at Brandon and laughed.

"Did I tell you?, said Brandon, "Did I fucking tell you?"

"Was I good?" asked the bot.

"Shit, Clo, that was the best!" He grinned at Brandon. "Awesome!"

Brandon stood up and unbuckled his jeans, unsnapping them and pulling down his zipper. His hard cock slipped out of his boxers and into the air. 

"My turn, Chloe. Suck me off, babe!"

Chloe blushed and grinned, took his cock in her hands and using it like a handle, pulled him over to the sofa. She pushed him gently down on the couch next to Pete. Pete, watching the action, pulled off his shirt and wiped up the errant drops of cum that were on his belly.

Chloe licked Brandon from the base of his cock to the tip.

She froze, inches from his cock, then blinked.

"Perimeter alert. Pete, your sister and two of her friends are walking up the driveway." 

She stood up and pulled Brandon up off the couch.

"What the fuck?" shouted Brandon. "NO!"

Chloe handed Pete his swim trunks and shirt and said "Get Brandon up to your room. I'll handle things down here.

Pete nodded and pushed Brandon toward the stairs. Brandon struggled to pull his pants back up, his cock straining through the open fly of his boxers. They just managed to get past the turn at the first landing when the door opened and he heard Jen say hello to Chloe.

The guys stood quietly, listening to what was going on downstairs. Pete stepped into his swim trunks and Brandon gingerly tucked his cock back in his pants and eased the zipper up.

Chloe said hello to Jen and told her to not leave her backpack on the floor. "I'm going to do some vacuuming."

"Oh? I thought you'd be done by now. We wanted to listen to music in here."

Without missing a beat, Chloe said "I've been doing some deep cleaning today. I'm running a little longer. Why don't you three go play in the pool before dinner?"

Pete looked at Brandon, and they grinned. "It's working. She's back in housekeeper mode."

"Yeah, but what about me?" His cock was still straining to get out of its denim prison.

"Man, I'm sorry, Bran." 

He thought for a moment, then grinned. "Everyone's going to Chicago tomorrow. We'll have Chloe all to ourselves!"