 One

Ivy moaned as her tongue rolled across the large cock in her hands, her eyes looked up to find the Hetti was watching her intently. His large brown irises contracted and expanded with each flick of her soft warm tongue, his smile was meant to encourage her progress. Ivy's ears rang with the onslaught of screams and shouts that pounded down upon them. The couple were surrounded by an jeering lustful audience of Teni, they were set on a pedestal in the middle of an arena. The Hetti's large palms gently buried themselves in her long brunette locks as she ignored the booing crowd, her full attention on her lover. Her emerald skin caused a striking contrast to his bright yellow.

Teni hissed and cried profane words at the two as they calmly tended to each other, for they had no other place for which to hide their scandal. Sunlight poured into the open arena, igniting the lovers in a blaze of color. Ivy loved the sun's rays on her sensitive skin, combined with Jaylar's loving touch made her keen with delight. What was the cause for this outrageous display of passion, this forced on them as if they were dogs in the street to be bet upon?

Ivy was a Granddi and Jaylar was a Hetti, Hetti was one of the three prime skin clans... while Ivy was not. She was the daughter of a rapist, a damn Blandide, while her sweet innocent mother had been of the Hetti clan. What were these Primes? 

Red(Teni), Blue(Blandide), and Yellow(Hetti) but these were not mere colors, no these were a genetic formation, it covered the entire body. The Primes were highest in ranking, couplings outside of the individual clans was strictly forbidden, until a Blandide raped a Hetti for the first time over a century ago. Now there was half a dozen or more Granddi's present in society. Teni were the most hostile towards forbidden couplings, they enslaved and tortured those found committing such acts, even if it was one of their own. The society as a whole was known as Spectrum. At first is called itself the Tri-Spectrum, yet as more and more lesser skins came into being, they found that other races had dropped the Tri phrase.

Ivy threw her head back and gasped with delight as Jaylar helped her climb onto his rigid cock, her mouth gaped as her eyes closed in bliss at the feel of his length slipping up into her vagina. The female's emerald pigmented skin joined in such a sacred act with a Hetti Prime enraged the crowd even more, Jaylar only had eyes for the woman that he loved as he wrapped his hands around her hips and began pounding himself deeply, her panting sobs of pleasure were music to his ears. He loved to see the difference in their skin, his so bright like the burning sunlight while her's reminded him of the deep jungle forests. And the feel of her body as she shook and shuttered above him was something that he had never dreamed of knowing. Jaylar had been born to Hetti parents, raised in the Hetti ways, and still he had grown tired of the oppressive behavior of his Tri skinned brothers. To block out the intrusive jeering of the crowd he recalled when they had first met. 

He was learning how to fish with a few of his friends one day, near the deep pine forests of the south, when he met Ivy. She walked out among the young bright Hetti men as if she were their equal, her head held high while her eyes shone with a light of fire and grace; not to mention she had a petite body that would make grown men weep with delight. Spectrum society did not need clothes, they lived in a humid warm environment as it was. Jaylar's friends had looked down at her, some even tried to take advantage of her... after all Granddi were lesser, therefore they didn't feel things the same way. Jaylar had snarled at those that had tried to take her. Instincts that he never knew he possessed had leapt from within his deepest parts, driving him to protect this woman.

Two

Ivy had watched in silence as the stranger had jumped in front of her to shield her from his companions intentions. 

"No brothers! Leave her be." Jaylar commanded, his spear pointed aggressively at them. Ivy had never known another Hetti other then her sweet beloved mother, but this stranger was going to great lengths to protect her. The remaining Hetti men glared menacingly at Jaylar as if he had just struck them. He held his ground, a hissing noise emanated from his throat as he bared his teeth. Ivy was surprised to see him use such a determined gesture, in combat such a thing was a warning and a threat to the opponent. She had only seen her mother use it a few times, it said 'be wary for I am not afraid to defeat you.'

Seeing that Jaylar was serious, his companions melted into the forest, exiting the route that they had come. The Hetti male remained, sniffing at the air he did not scent that they would return. Only then did he turn to see this woman.

Close up he was struck dumb with how beautiful she was... her skin was a dark forest green, her hair was long, brown and curly. She wore gold bangles on her wrists and ankles, a thick leather band was tied around her forehead to keep her hair out of her eyes. Aside from the obvious skin difference, Jaylar noticed that her ears were shaped strangely. They were similar to the Hetti, a lobe and the ear-canal, but the top tapered up into three distinct points; like the slim feathers of a bird. Her ears swiveled and flickered as her sharp hearing caught even the tiniest sounds, her eyes were big and silver hazel; sweeping dark lashes adorned the top and bottom lids. He kept his eyes on her face, not wanting to offend her by allowing himself to let his eyes travel along her delicious body.

"I am Ivy." she spoke, she gave a slight nod as she introduced herself.

"And, I am Jaylar." the Hetti returned the gesture of welcome.

"What are you doing this close to the Hetti?" Jaylar asked. Ivy began to secretly melt inside at the sound of his voice, it was deep and to her ears was very alluring; exciting and calming to hear. He was yellow skinned just like her mother, and his ears were the same. He wore no clothes just as mother had taught her, his face was handsome and his deep brown eyes enchanted her.

"I didn't realize I was traveling this far north, I was out merely scouting the lands." Ivy replied. Jaylar smiled kindly.

"Where did you come from?" Jaylar inquired curiously. She stiffened as if he had asked her to give up a secret... and maybe he had, unintentionally.

"I can not tell you..." Ivy began cautiously, then a smile came across her face as she untied her headband... "But I can show you." she quickly wrapped the leather piece over the Hetti's eyes. Jaylar only flinched at her quickness, he smiled as he was now blind and at her mercy.

"Alright." he said softly, his nerves were tingling and his blood was on fire with excitement and eager anticipation, none of the Tri knew where the Fragment hid themselves, and he wasn't about to pass up the opportunity to find out. 

Ivy led him by the hand through the misty heat of the jungle, over rocks and giant logs, weaving in and out of strong hanging vines, across white sands. Jaylar didn't know how far they had gone but suddenly she stopped, the Hetti could feel that they were standing on some type of smooth rock or maybe a large piece of shale. The woman removed the leather strap, what greeted Jaylar left him speechless. They were standing on the edge of an over hanging cliff and below them was a deep valley of greenery. Jaylar tried to see to the other side of the valley's edge but he gave up quickly... it was too far to see anything like that. Jungle plants and trees sprang up from the center of the valley, tall waving grasses blanketed the valley floor, it ran the length and width of it and even seemed to climb part way up the sides but then it turned to moss. Large root systems and tree vines clung to the sides of the steep valley walls. Jaylar then saw what his eyes hadn't seen until he really looked, attached to the incline of the valley walls were pod shaped domes, and there were Fragments in it! Of all color and size, male and female alike.

"What is this place?" Jaylar discovered that he could breathe once again as he looked at Ivy.

"This is my home Hetti Prime." she answered simply.

"And those" Jaylar pointed to the domes.

"They are where my people live Jaylar. The cliffs do not scare us." Ivy replied with a smile.

"Well how do we get down?" Jaylar grumbled, he didn't like heights at all. Ivy's smile deepened as she moved back from the ledge, suddenly she uttered a warbling cry from her lips as if she was summoning something. Jaylar gazed at her stupidly, what had she done? From the vast heights of the blue skies an answering feral rumble sounded. Jaylar screamed in fright as he jumped back nearly fifteen feet, a giant winged reptile appeared from no where to hang on the ledge. It's huge eyes gleamed as it stared down at them. Ivy approached it fearlessly and petted it's snout tenderly.

Jaylar forced his eyes open to see what this creature was, only to snap them closed again at how visibly bright this thing's skin was. Peeking through his eyelashes Jaylar realized why it was so bright... the creature had no color! It was white from head to tail. It had wings that spread would be as tall as the trees of the jungle, it's body was small and long, it had four legs with five taloned fingers on each leg. It's tail was as long as it's body and at the tip of it had long flowing feathers. Jaylar's eyes followed those strands of wispy long feathers up it's back and long neck to the top of the creature's neck; right at the base of it's skull. The creature's head was a long narrow oval shape from a profile view, yet as the thing turned it's face to look more closely at the Hetti, Jaylar saw that it had two large round eyes one on each side of it's head, large flaring nostrils and a mouth full of thin razor sharp teeth. From the base of it's skull, those feathery strands seemed to decrease in length as it ran the length of the head, down between the eyes and the tiniest feathers stopped just short of it's wide nostrils. Jaylar approached it carefully, it's skin looked like a reptiles and the creature's wings had delicate membranes of an animal that was use to flight. The membrane was the color of ash while the creature's eyes were silvery and bright.

"This is Sarci, she is my dragon." Ivy hummed proudly as she stroked the creature lovingly. Jaylar couldn't help but blurt out; "Your dragon!"

Sarci snorted and raised her head as if offended by his tone, she peered down at him as if he were nothing more then a little bug.

"Yes Jaylar. She understands your words, so please be mindful." warned Ivy gently. She beckoned him closer. Jaylar stepped closer trembling with fear, Ivy took his hand and placed it palm flat on Sarci's shoulder. A gasp came from him and his ears twitched with a kind of glee, he began to stroke the dragon with an odd fascination. Sacri's skin felt like thick silk. The dragon made a humming noise deep within it's chest as he continued to pet her, it sounded like a purring to the Hetti. He suddenly realized that Ivy was watching him intently and smiling at him tenderly.

"So, we ride Sarci?" he cleared his throat nervously. Ivy nodded and helped him climb onto the dragon's back, there was a natural hollow curve inbetween where the animal's neck and shoulder's joined, it provided a kind of bucket seat for a passanger. Jaylar settled into the hollow curve and looked down at Ivy expectantly. Ivy smirked then in one fluid practiced motion gracefully tossed herself up and onto the dragon's back. Sarci's head turned to look back at her companion. A very forgein word hissed through Ivy's teeth and suddenly they were in the air, Jaylar screamed with doubled fear and threw his arms around Ivy; clinging to her as if his life were in her hands... and well, it was. Ivy clucked and whistled to Sarci as she floated gently down to her home. The dragon was merely gliding down to the first dome near the middle section of the valley cliffs. A giddy laugh came from Ivy as she felt Jaylar's desperate fear, gliding was child's play.

"Hang on." she warned as Sarci tilted suddenly upwards in order to clutch expertly to the side of the cliff, Ivy wove her hands securely in those long feathers at the base of her neck, meanwhile Jaylar was nearly choking the Granddi to death as his grip tightened even more; his fear a tangiable thing.

Jaylar felt as if he were being suspended in midair dangling from a fierce creature and about to fall to his death! Some force compelled him to peek out from behind his sealed eyelids, and what met him as he risked a glance downwards was over a hundred foot drop that cascaded into a gentle curve as it met the valley's green floor. Sarci made a sidling movement as she moved closer to the dome. Jaylar looked at where they were. A long rope laddar clung to the face of the cliff just below the underside of the dome, a small entrance was cut into it, the dome appeared to be made from animal skin and a clay-mud, stable thick branches supported the dome as well as served as the skelaton for the structure itself. The dragon tucked her wings into her sides even more as she finally came to a stop a mere foot from the laddar. Jaylar gulped as he watched Ivy wiggle her leg from the straps that was Sarci's saddle and leap over to catch the laddar.

"I have to do that!" he nearly cried.

"Yes Jaylar, Hetti. Have no fear Sarci will catch you if you were to fall. She is very fast." Ivy encouraged, she offered her hand, reaching as far over as she could without upsetting her own balance. Jaylar's hand shook uncontrollably but he took her outstretched hand, lifting his furthest leg from the saddle straps he gave a cry of utter fear as he lurched to the side towards Ivy. Finding himself grasping onto Ivy's legs!

"Jaylar! Take ahold of the rope!" she demanded, pain was evident in her words. Jaylar instantly did as he was told, grasping the rope that was just below her feet. A look a sudden relief flooded her face as she glanced down at him. 

"I'm sorry Ivy." his ears drooped in shame and embarrasment.

"It's alright Jaylar, come come." Ivy began to climb the laddar and then she disappeared into the entrance and secruity of her home. She reemerged with a large purple fruit, she extended her hand out to the dragon. Again, strange words flowed from her lips as Sarci eagerly snatched the fruit and chomped on it happily, a bird like chirping of glee came from the dragon as she ate. Her eyes watching Jaylar's clumsey climb up the laddar, peering at him with amused interest the dragon dribbled juices from the fruit down on him.

"Hey!" he barked in surprise as he looked up to see the treat that Ivy had given Sarci. Chirping came from the dragon at his scowl of protest and discontent. Growling the Hetti finally made it to the entrance of Ivy's dome. She plucked him by the wrist, yanking him up into her home eagerly. The dome was warm from the sun and bright, yet the clay-mud exterior lended a kind of sunblock to it's interior, keeping the tempature at a balmy 70 degrees, unlike outside where the tempatures were much higher.

A Hetti woman greeted Jaylar as he entered the dome, she was somewhat older then Ivy but just as beautiful.

"I am Ivy's mother. Terrei." her voice was thick and her eyes narrowed at him suspiciously.

"I am Jaylar. Your daughter brought me here." he gave a nod of acceptance and respect.

"Ivy!" the Hetti female barked with distaste. Ivy's ears curled back in a display of child shame of disobedience.

"I thought it only right mother. He saved me." Ivy explained softly.

"He did what?" Terrei's voice turned steely.

"His friends were going to commit crimes against me... and this Hetti stepped in to defend my honour." Ivy supplied eagerly.

Terrei scowled at Jaylar, her sharp silvery gaze looking him over intently, examining him, weighing her options. Jaylar shifted slightly under her gaze, he knew that she was a Prime but she also was an outcast because she gave birth to Ivy and determined to raise her... he was at the mercy of her judgement. Fragment mother's and father's who had been born to a Prime clan but bore colored offspring were even more dangerous then the Prime parents themselves... Fragment parents had more to protect. Or so he had been raised to believe. Terrei's ears twitched as she thought. He chanced a glance towards Ivy, her breasts catching his attention, if only for a brief second.

"What do you seek here?" Terrei asked, snapping his eyes back to her's.

"To learn the things that my family has kept from me." Jaylar answered solemnly.

"We shall see." Terrei muttered darkly, she was wary and scared for her daughter.

 "Ivy! Ivy!" a friendly voice called from outside. Ivy rushed to the entrance and waved excitedly.

"I'll be right there! Tell the others that I have a big surprise!" she answered. Jaylar's face went rigid as he realized that she was going to ask him to ride Sarci again.

"Come come." Ivy snatched up his hand and drew him once again to the entrance.

"Ivy! Be cautious my daughter." Terrei said to Ivy as she started down the laddar.

Soon Sarci was gliding gently, for Jaylar's sake down to the valley floor. Into the mini-jungle that sprang up in it's center. Sarci landed with a bounce then folded her wings close to her sides as Ivy and Jaylar dismounted.

"Where are we going?" asked Jaylar.

"You will meet my friends." Ivy said decidedly, she held his hand in her's and he discovered that he enjoyed the touch. She marched them throught several yards of foliage until a small clearing came at them. It opened up to a small campfire and several colorful being sat in a loose circle around it. 

"Ivy!" gasped a female voice, the one from earlier. Jaylar was struck silent with utter amazement and wonder as colors filled his vision. The girl that had spoke shot upright and came over to her Granddi friend. Jaylar's jaw dropped open. She was a dark purple tone, her large wide eyes were a sharp blue, and she had a tail! Longer then the Blandide's! Her legs were long. Her ears were shaped like a cone, they fluttered and twitched curiously.

"Jaylar don't be rude!" snapped Ivy, her grip tightened on his hand.

"I'm so sorry Ivy, but it's just that I... I never knew that Fragments could be so gorgeous." Jaylar said in a rush of awe and delight. 

"Well watch your tongue Hetti!" growled a male voice.

Jaylar looked around the violet girl to see a lime green male, his eyes shot daggers at him. Jaylar looked at Ivy for help.

"It's okay Jaylar. Mathis isn't use to other guys complimenting his girl." mumured Ivy, but her smile said that she approved of his kind gesture to her friend.

"I am Jada. Ivy's best friend." the violet girl gave a nod. Jaylar nodded back then he followed the two women to be seated by the little fire.

"He looks delicious Ivy." commented an orange female.

"Oh Trigis shut it!" snapped a sky blue male. Jaylar looked at the one called Trigis, her orange skin had the markings of a Teni, except they were a darker hue of orange instead of red; triangled stripes began at the center of her spine and then wrapped around her body horizontally. Smaller stripes were on her face. She was very exotic. 

"How is it that some of you are darker and others are lighter?" Jaylar asked, turning to Ivy.

"Color is dictated by the parents obviously, and the hues are an oddity that can't be explained." she answered.

From somewhere hidden deep in the jungle a cry of ecstasy sounded in the distance.

Some of the group giggled while Jaylar was stunned at what it could mean. Ivy smiled wickedly.

"Where is Rose and Tanis?" she asked suppressing a giggle herself.

"Take a wild guess Ivy, you know them." chuckled Trigis, her voice full of suggestive tones.
