 (Note: Thanks to RuzieD for the edit.)

From government file number 26154, Special Investigations, Department of Scientific Intelligence, Langley, Virginia:

Subject: Tobias Eliot Kelly

Age: 18

Height: 5'6"

Weight: 130 lbs

Hair: Dark Brown

Eyes: Blue

Race/Ethnicity: Caucasian/Irish-American

Body Type: Slender/Average

Note: The following information is highly classified and contains material of an extremely sensitive and sexual nature. Access is restricted to the highest security clearance.

From the video diary of Tobias Kelly: "Hi, my name is Toby Kelly. I'm um. . .I just turned eighteen. I go to Theodore Roosevelt High. I live in Cleveland, uh, I'm a senior. I'm taping this diary because. . .well I don't know why, I guess I just have to get it straight, you know? It's just. . .what happened to me was just plain weird, you know? I think I have to put all this down 'cause I think I'll go nuts if I don't.

I mean. . .nobody would believe it happened if I told them. Who would? Even though I look different. I mean look, I barely believe it myself. A month ago I was skinny and ugly, now. . .I'm still kinda skinny. I smell a lot better, I can't help that. Those damn aliens. . .

Look um. . .before I go further, uh, if someone finds this, I'd like it if it got to Abby, uh Abigail. I'm really sorry what happened. I'm sorry for everything. She's the only girl who ever treated me nice. . .even before all this happened. I love her I guess. . .no, I really love her, for real. What we did together was great. I hope she likes the roses I planted.

I gotta put this together, put it in some order. I gotta start at some place. I think I'll start with that afternoon, the day I got snatched. Uh, I think I better mention that I didn't always look like this. I mean. . .a month ago I was pretty ugly. I mean. . .everything else about me was okay, I guess. I was a little skinny. I had braces (I was sort of happy 'cause they were going to come off in a few days) but I had the worst skin on the planet.

I don't think anybody had skin like mine. I mean. . .except for a nasty birthmark, it was okay until I hit puberty and then everything seemed to go wrong.

If everything bad could happen to human skin it happened to mine. Zits, blackheads, ingrown hair, warts, you name it, I got it, and not just on my face. I got it everywhere. I got zits on my dick. Who gets zits on their dick?

I tried everything. My parents tried everything. We went to doctors and specialists. I got skin creams and injections. Some of them worked for awhile. Others made it worse. A doctor explained I was probably allergic to most of the medicines and my immune system might be out of wack, which explained the acne. The only thing he could do was give me a box of medicated soap and hope my body grew out of it. I wasn't happy. I probably was going to be Toby the Toad forever.

Yes, that's it, Toby the Toad, 'cause my skin looked like. . .well, you know. It got worse when I started to grow hair. You try shaving a face full of pimples. I bled every morning. I had scars on top of scars. Shaving was torture.

Also, if you think bad skin was enough, my social life sucked shit. In my case, the school was divided: the people who didn't ignore me, made my life hell. You know you're at the bottom of the shit pile when even the losers, the geeks, the nerds, the dweebs, and the fatties won't have anything to do with you. Some of the geeks used to be my friends but they said I drew too much attention. So I guess in terms of social caste, I was like what those Indians called, uh, untouchable? I didn't even have a name. It wasn't like, 'Hey, there's Toby the Toad,' just 'Hey toad.'

And I can't say it was all bad. Some of the teachers were nice and all. I got good grades. I mean, my life sucked, I had to concentrate on something, may as well be homework. Besides, my parents wouldn't let me drop out. I mean, they're kind of nice and kind of clueless. I told them about the bullying and I got answers like 'You have to tough it out boy,' or 'It'll get better son, you'll see.' Yeah right.

And some of the girls were almost nice. Abigail Sutler was the best I guess. At least she didn't go 'Eeww!' like the others. Her step brother was okay, even if he was a jock. Look, I guess I better talk about the Sutlers later. I'm kind of rambling and I need to get this straight.

So anyway, that afternoon was the beginning of spring break. Oh! I need to explain first. A couple of days before, my parents took me to yet another doctor who gave me yet another bottle of skin cream. I'd been using it. It seemed to work a little. I'm talking about it 'cause I think maybe it had something to do with what happened later. Well anyway, my parents took off a day later. They were going to stay at my uncle's to help him fix up his house. He had a fire.

Anyway, they figured since I was eighteen, I could be on my own for couple of weeks. I didn't have a social life so it wasn't as if a bunch of people would show up for a party. Mom reminded me to keep my orthodontist appointment the following week. My braces were coming out. That was the only good news I had for the month. I didn't think it'd improve my looks but at least I'd have straight teeth.

So anyway, back to the afternoon. I was staying late at school 'cause I work as an assistant janitor for extra money. Everyone had already left, most of them off to Florida so I had the school and neighborhood pretty much to myself. The girls' and boys' restrooms were flooded, so I had to unclog the toilets and clean them up (it's a spring break ritual, see? The jocks clog the toilets and. . .oh forget it!).

Well, the sun was setting by the time I finished, so it was sort of dark when it happened. I was walking down the street listening to my Walkman when I noticed I wasn't moving. It's not that I was paralyzed or anything just, well, my feet were moving but I wasn't going anywhere. And then I looked around and noticed the trees and houses were getting smaller. Well, um, not smaller. I looked down and I was literally walking on air. Now here I am thinking 'What the fuck?!' and then I looked up and went 'What the fuck?!' again.

Now. . .I grew up on Spielberg. Saw all the movies, dressed up as Indy five Halloweens in a row, saw E.T. twenty-four times and counting, so I know all about flashing lights and weird chandeliers. That thing wasn't Spielberg.

It looked like a giant black, well not black, sort of dark gray, ball with a dark slit at the bottom. It didn't have that industrial look like the Death Star, just a perfectly round, smooth shape with, well a slit. I could have used some tricky metaphor (like my English teacher's always describing) like it sat against the twilight like such and such but, really, the thing looked just. . .ordinary.

I better say I was kind of kicking and screaming at that moment; swinging my arms, kicking my legs, yelling 'Help! Fuck! Help!' Nothing really worked. The neighborhood stayed dark. I don't know if it was because most of the people were on vacation or the aliens did something. Maybe a few lights came on but no one came out. So I got dragged, kicking and screaming, into that slit.

Once it hit me there was nothing I could really do, I stopped the hysterics but, still, I was scared shitless. I mean it was tough to keep it inside. I think I pissed my pants. I cried a little I think. The inside of the ship was sort of dim. It looked like everything inside was a bunch of square-shaped compartments, like an erector set, only the gaps were covered by glass panels.

Everything glowed a faint greenish color. I don't know how to describe it except. . .you know the panels on that game show? Hollywood Squares? Only the squares had black borders and the panels were glowing green. And the entire ship looked just like that. Well almost.

This great big black wall was in front of me. It was like this, see: the slit was to my back and it closed like one of those astronomical observatories. The Hollywood Squares were to my left and right. The floor was made of glowing green squares too but with thinner borders. The ceiling was kind of domed, dark gray like the outside of the ship, but with lots of squares or panels or something floating about. They looked like those obelisks from that movie 2010, only glowing bright green instead of black. One of the green squares was right above me. I was still floating and it moved right with me.

Somebody gasped 'Wow!' and it took a few seconds before I realized I did it and that was the other thing: everything was completely stone silent. There were no hums or buzzing sounds you'd think UFO's make. Even the slit, or door I guess, didn't make a sound when it closed.

Anyway, I was put down on the floor, I guess; one of the squares anyway, in front of the black wall. I didn't move, I mean, where would I go? So I just stood and stared at the wall 'cause I was too scared to look around.

A glowing white line appeared in the wall and it grew wider. It took me a couple of seconds to figure the wall was a door. I nearly pissed my pants (kind of surprising since I was sorely tempted earlier) 'cause something was going to come through. I've seen Alien twenty times, Close Encounters twelve, and Aliens sixteen. I was kind of hoping for E.T. The things that came through were more Close Encounters; didn't mean they were friendly though.

The aliens were big; not giant big, more like basketball player big. Otherwise they looked like typical big-eyed, skinny aliens with big dicks. Yes, they were naked and had big dicks; not that I was gay or anything (well, I didn't think so at the time but. . .uh, I'll talk about it later) but well, I couldn't take my eyes off their. . .dongs.

The aliens were kind of green, at least I thought at first, but then I realized it was probably because of the green glow. Actually their color was a pale gray. They didn't move so much as glide. I think there were twelve. They surrounded and looked at me, or looked down at me; they were tall.

I gaped like a fish. I think I made sounds like one, too. I thought they were going to do one of those anal probes I heard about. I actually felt my ass cringe. I thought, "Please don't let it hurt."

The biggest one, I think he was nine feet tall, stepped (well glided) forward. He looked at me and frowned; at least I think he frowned. The aliens didn't have eyebrows so it was difficult to tell. Anyway it felt like he was looking at something he found at the bottom of his shoe. I got those looks often. I'm used to it. . .or I was at least. Kind of strange since the aliens were barefoot.

The alien turned to a shorter one and spoke to it ( and I don't mean short by my standards, he was still taller than me). You know those sci-fi flicks where the aliens speak English because of some universal translator or something? Well that stuff's shit. Alien speak (this one anyway) is a bunch of clucks, clicks, and buzzes, with some humming noises between. I don't know what he was saying but he sounded pissed: a lot of hum-clicks and buzz-clucks with gestures, most of them directed towards me.

The other alien shrugged, yes, that's right shrugged, and clicked back, pointing at me with those long fingers of his. He sounded loud, and I guess kind of defensive. I don't know; between the clicks and the buzzes going back and forth, I got the impression that someone made a mistake and I was it. Other alien abductees didn't describe any of this before their anal probes. The other aliens kept quiet. They hung back, some looked at me with the same expression as the big alien, others looked at the smaller alien with, I guess my English teacher would call it 'bemused' expressions.

My head had stopped swimming, I guess. It was swinging back and forth, watching the two alien dudes 'snapping' at each other. Another alien came running out through the big door, making clucking noises, pointing back at something inside the room ( I couldn't really see), and tapping his wrist like he had a watch and time was running out. On what, I didn't know.

The big alien looked at the time keeper (more annoyed than ever, it looked like), then at the smaller alien, who shrugged, and then at me with a squint in one eye and a raised brow (at least that was the impression; they didn't have eyebrows, remember?) on the other. It put its hand to its forehead, closed its eyes, massaged its 'brow,' and made a loud cluck. One of the aliens stood at attention. The big alien made some more clicks and buzzes, still massaging its brow. The other alien took a companion and ran back into the large room.

Now here's where the E.T. moment came; with the glowing finger, courtesy of the big alien. Only instead of touching me and establishing some psychic 'empathic' contact, like in the movie, it came close and started tracing its finger along my clothes. Everywhere it traced, a cut appeared with a mild burning smell.

I couldn't move. . .really I couldn't. The square I was on kept me glued. He crisscrossed my hoodie, belt, jeans, even my shoes. When he finished, the alien stood back. My clothes fell off. Just like that. Everything. . .even my underwear. I was stark jaybird naked. 'Holy fuck, man!'

I moved then; I guess I blushed. I covered my privates with my hands which was kind of silly. I mean, the aliens were naked so it wasn't as if I was in a church but then again, with skin like mine. . .come to think of it, the locker room after gym was hell for me so I guess I covered on impulse. Anyway, I'm going off track.

So, the alien's finger was still glowing. He touched the finger to my hands, 'Youch!' I moved them from my privates. He didn't want me covering up. He turned to a couple of aliens and clicked some orders, I guess. They moved to squares on either side of me, grabbed my arms and held them spread.

I would like to say I said something but I didn't. I didn't ask, 'Hey! What are you doing?!' or shout, 'Stop that!' Frankly, I was terrified. If I wasn't gaping I was nearly pissing and too scared to speak. I figured, keep my mouth shut, do everything they say (or clucked, clicked, buzzed, whatever), and maybe they wouldn't shove a metal stick up my ass. . .or dissect me. . .or eat me. I just kept goggling around, wondering what they were going to do next.

The two aliens came back; both had objects with them. One was holding a small purple globe, the size of a grapefruit. The other carried a large tank shaped like a fire extinguisher with a vacuum hose attached to it. The other aliens surrounded me. The one with the purple globe came forward and held it over my head. I looked up to see what it would do but the tapped me on the forehead and held its finger before my eyes. I guess he wanted me to look only at him.

I felt something plop on my head. I thought it was the globe at first, but then an alien started to rub the stuff into my hair. It felt kind of like hair gel. The alien who held the globe moved in front of me. He squeezed the globe and a purple jelly squirted out into his hands. I didn't see any opening or nozzles; it looked like the jelly came from the skin itself.

The alien dabbed some jelly across my eyebrows and then moved to squirt some more on its hand. Nothing happened. A questioning look came over its face. It squeezed again; nothing squirted. The alien looked at the globe and shook it. An annoyed frown came over its face and it looked toward the big alien. The big alien turned and looked at the smaller alien, who shrugged and clicked, I guess rather defensively.

The big alien rubbed its forehead again. I waved the other alien off. He slunk away, making these annoyed clucking sounds. The big alien gestured to the one with the fire extinguisher. I braced myself thinking, 'This is where the anal probe comes.' The vacuum hose looked big. I hoped it wouldn't hurt. I still didn't know why they put that stuff in my hair. It didn't seem necessary for an anal probe.

The fire extinguisher alien looked at me and made hand movements over its face, blinking its eyes, and pointed its fingers at me. It took me a second but I got that he wanted me to close my eyes. I did so thinking, 'Maybe it's better this way. I won't have to see him shoving it in.'

Instead ('Yikes!'), I felt some cold liquid splash on me. It didn't exactly feel like water but wasn't thick like that hair gel either. Some of it got in my mouth. The stuff tasted bitter and kind of soapy. I coughed and sputtered and kept my eyes closed. The alien sprayed the stuff all over my body, getting every inch. The other aliens holding my arms, let go. The alien sprayed under my arms, my pubes, under my balls, even my ass crack. I grit my teeth and tensed my muscles. That stuff was cold! And he kept spraying, going over and over all over me until I was drenched. When he was done, I clutched and rubbed myself, trying to get warm. My balls and cock had cringed so close to my body they were almost a vagina.

The stuff the alien sprayed felt oily too and smelled like. . .well soap detergent. I wondered if they were trying to wash me or something. I kept my eyes closed because I was afraid of what they'd do if I opened them without permission. Plus, I really was embarrassed. I mean, the aliens were seeing me in all my naked, acned, warty, body-haired, and birth-marked glory. At least they didn't laugh or go 'Eewww!' but that was small consolation.

I felt a familiar zap on my chest; the big alien poked me again. I opened my eyes. The big alien was making a 'V' sign or so I thought until I noticed two objects at the tip of its fingers. They were small round disks, kind of like oversized contact lenses. I barely had time to blink before the alien crooked its fingers and poked those things on my eyes. I shouted 'Hey!' and moved my hands to take them off but the alien slapped them away.

The disks fitted around my eyes, like glasses without the frames. It took me a second before I noticed something about the alien; he looked transparent. I could see strange objects sort of floating inside him. Two or three of them were beating; his hearts, I guess. I thought, 'Wow! Cool!' It was like the subway scene in Total Recall. The one with the walking skeletons. Or the scene from the Hollow Man where his organs show before he fades away. Kind of like that.

Well, anyway, I didn't have much time to take in my new X-ray vision. The alien zapped me again, to get my attention I guess, and another pushed me. I stumbled and nearly fell but then an alien grabbed the scruff of my neck and set me upright. He zapped me and I stumbled forward. They poked and prodded and pushed me towards the big doors. I felt like some cow getting corralled. I think one of them goosed me.

They pushed me through the big doors into the other room and, well, it was just as weird as the first one: floating squares, glowing panels, vaulted ceiling, but the floor curved downward like a giant bowl, and there was a big, ugly thing in the middle of it."

To Be Continued.