 A chime sounded quietly in the darkened room, then after a few seconds, again.

Pete rolled over, his eyes still closed. "What?"

"Sorry to disturb you, sir," said the house, "Brandon Fullerton is calling. He says it is urgent. Would you like to speak with him, or shall I tell him you are not available?"

"No, I'll talk ... gimme a second." He sat up in bed, rubbed his eyes, and pulled the sheet up to his belly, providing a little more modesty.

"Phone on." A projected image of his friend wearing a pair of pajama pants and sitting cross legged on his bed, appeared on the wall opposite Pete's bed.

"Hey, Bran," he managed, "wassup?"

"Are you still in bed? Late night with Chloe the sexbot?" Brandon sniggered.

"I wish. No, just sleeping. What time is it, anyway?"

"It's almost noon ... what's going on over there?"

"I dunno... I've been asleep."

"Seriously, man, what's going on? Is anyone there? I thought you were going to call me. Did your family go to Chicago like you said? Can I ... um ... come over and talk to your robot?"

Pete burst out laughing. "You want to talk to her?"

Brandon blushed. "You know what I mean! And it's easy for you to laugh, the sexbot is right there with you. Did you two do it all night?"

Pete tried to get serious for his friend. "Brandon, you know I can't activate the nooky routines with my family around. You and I are the only ones that know that she's not just a housekeeper robot. After you left she went right into housekeeper mode. Nothing happened, honest. My little sister was around all night. I can't enter the passwords and access Chloe with my family around, you know that."

"Yeah, sorry Pete. Bad day yesterday."

"Yeah, I'm sorry about that Bran." The two had been playing with Chloe, trying out the new recreational sex options which the boys had surreptitiously installed. Pete had just cum from Chloe's oral attentions and she was going down on Brandon when they were interrupted by Pete's little sister walking up the driveway with two of her friends. If Pete's family found that their housekeeper/librarian/sitter robot had been turned into a fully functional sexbot, the fun and games would be over. Brandon had gone home with very blue balls.

Pete said, "Hang on a second." He turned to the intercom, and said "House? Who's home?"

The house AI responded that the entire family had left for Chicago and planned to return just before midnight.

"Bran, can you come over now? No one's home."

Brandon cheered up immediately. "I'm on my way."

Pete kicked off his blankets and went into the bathroom, stepping directly into the hottest shower he could stand. Behind him, one of the housekeeper bots quietly whirred into the room, changed the sheets on his bed and straightened the room for the day. 

Pete lathered up his entire body. Being 19, he couldn't help but give his lathered cock some extra attention, feeling it grow in his fist. He thought about jerking off , but decided to keep it for Chloe.

He closed his eyes under the streams of hot water and thought about the robot. As far as the family knew, the robot was primarily a housekeeper and librarian, adept at helping the family's three students (of which Peter was the oldest) with homework research. Housed in a very convincing replica of a twenty year old female human's body, it had special subroutines enabled for babysitting and housecleaning. But he and Brandon had found and quietly installed the optional programming that enabled this fully functional robot to "engage in recreational sexual activity" as the manual put it. They had buried the subroutines so deeply in Chloe's operating system that even the robot didn't know that they existed unless he or Brandon spoke the coded phrases that turned her on (as they liked to joke).

Pete toweled off and walked naked out to his room, his cock still at half mast. He was grabbing a pair of shorts for the day when the door dilated and Brandon walked in.

"Shit, Brandon, why do you only come into my room when I'm bare-assed?"

"Um ... maybe because you're ALWAYS bare-assed?" He looked at Pete's semi and raised his eyebrows.

Pete grinned. "Just getting ready for Clo..."

"Yeah, about that. Pete, she's got a subroutine called "beach date." Sun's out today, you want to give it a try?"

Pete eyed Brandon's clothes. He was wearing a pair of surfer jams and an open shirt, his feet pushed into flipflops. "Yeah, I can do that, let's go find her." He put the shorts away and stepped into swim trunks and grabbed a tee.

"Okay, put on your shirt, Pete."

Pete gave him a questioning look, but pulled on the shirt and they ran down the stairs. They found her in the kitchen, dressed in her working clothes; she was barefoot, with cutoff jeans and a tee shirt.

"Good morning, Chloe," they said, almost in unison.

"Good morning, Pete, Mr. Fullerton." said the bot as she put the finishing touches on two huge sandwiches. Chloe had long range sensors that let her see that Bran approaching the house a few minutes ago, so she automatically prepared lunch for him too. She put the plates on the table and added two cans of Coke and two glasses of ice. 

"Clo, have you finished your morning tasks?" He opened his can and poured it over the ice.

She turned to Pete, drying her hands on a paper towel. "Almost finished with morning tasks. I still need to dust ground floor rooms."

"Okay, That's good enough," said Pete, "Please don't dust today, Chloe. Please run subroutine five seven oh."

Chloe looked at Pete curiously. "What?"

Pete and Brandon smiled at each other. Pete had just given the first pass phrase, and Chloe had responded correctly. Even if someone stumbled upon this random numbered subroutine, Chloe's confused reaction would cause them to move on, thinking they had made an error.

Pete smiled at Chloe and finished the password sequence... "Chloe, you like to fuck, don't you?"

The robot blushed and smiled. "Oh yes! Yes I do!"

Pete and Brandon grinned at each other. They now had a perfect 20-something, fun loving, sexy babe to play with all afternoon.

Brandon said "Chloe, please run 'Beach Date.'"

Chloe blushed and smiled, then paused a moment and frowned. "Guys. Bad news. I forgot my pool stuff."

Brandon held up a bag. "Here it is ... you left it in my car."

Chloe opened the bag and squealed happily as she pulled out a skimpy yellow bikini and some bottles of sun block. "Oh, yeah, thanks Brandon."

"Go get ready while Pete and I finish lunch,okay?"

After Chloe left, Pete whispered "How did you know to do that?"

"I read the documentation, dummy. Don't you read the stuff I send you? That's my sister's bikini. I don't think she'll miss it today."

"Anything else I should know?

Brandon hesitated. "Yeah, in Beach Date she's only hot for one guy. She's faithful to her boyfriend, and the program tells her that her boyfriend is the first guy who takes off his shirt at the pool."

"Only one guy gets her today?"

"Well, yeah, but then we can re-run the program after for you."

"For me? Who says you're her boyfriend today?"

"I do! She sucked you off yesterday and I went home with blue balls, remember? It's my turn. You can hang around a while, but you leave your shirt on, and when I take mine off, you get lost for half an hour or so, okay?"

"Yeah, okay, but only half an hour, then we restart!"

Their whispered conversation ended when Chloe came back into the room in the yellow bikini. The boyshorts bottom fit perfectly, but the triangle top was a little too big for her pert 'a' cup breasts. Her nipples were charmingly erect in the cool air of the kitchen.

"How do I look?"

Pete grinned stupidly. Brandon said "So hot! Let's hit the pool."

The guys trailed after the bot, watching her cute dimpled behind in the tight bikini. At the pool Brandon kicked off his flipflops, and Pete started to pull off his shirt until he saw the dirty look that Bran gave him. Chloe ran and dove into the deep end, coming up laughing on the far side. The guys sat on the side of the pool and kicked in the water, and Chloe swam up between them and smiled up at Pete.

Brandon pulled off his shirt and looked down at Chloe in the pool. She looked up at him, blinked and said "Have you been lifting weights, babe?"

"Yah, I have. How do you like me?"

Chloe moved to him in the pool and put her hands on his knees. "Grrrrr, tiger, I like! We need to get you some sunlight, though, you need more tan."

"I don't need more sun, I need more Chloe." said Brandon. Chloe giggled and pulled him into the pool. There was a huge splash, and Brandon came up under Chloe, lifting her onto his shoulders.

Pete rolled his eyes, then noticed that Chloe's top had shifted, exposing her left nipple. He smiled and lay back on his elbows, enjoying the view. Brandon tipped Clo backwards off his shoulders into the pool. She squealed as she went under, and when she came back up, the yellow triangles were completely gone; she'd lost the top to her suit. She covered her sweet rosy brown nipples with both hands and grinned at Brandon. 

Brandon scooped her into his arms and kissed her tenderly on the lips. At first she resisted, but after a few seconds she wrapped her arms around Brandon's neck and enthusiastically kissed him back. Their kisses got longer and deeper, and Brandon's hands disappeared under the water to cup her ass cheeks. After a few more kisses his hands slipped inside her bottom and she giggled and nibbled playfully at his ear.

On the edge of the pool, Pete pulled off his own shirt and shifted his weight, easing his growing cock inside his swim shorts. It wasn't easy ... under the circumstances, the trunks weren't really big enough for both Pete and his massive cock. He quietly stood and slipped into the house.

In the pool, Chloe had pulled open Brandon's trunks and was slowly pumping his cock with one hand while the other hand slipped around back and gripped his ass cheek. Brandon was massaging her ass inside her swimsuit bottom, sucking her tongue into his mouth.

He broke the sloppy kiss, slipped his hands down to her thighs and picked her up. She squealed as he walked her slowly through the pool and placed her gently on the edge. He pulled her boyshorts off and threw them onto the grass. 

Brandon looked up at her and licked his lips. She giggled and nodded, spreading her legs for him. Brandon kissed Chloe gently on one nipple, then the other, sucking each momentarily into his warm mouth. He slowly licked his way down to her smooth pussy. Chloe leaned back on her elbows and spread her legs wider for him.

In the house, Pete was finishing his sandwich and drink, trying not to think about what was happening in the pool. He finally gave up and went to the kitchen window, arriving just in time to see Brandon wrap his arms around Chloe's bare ass and pull her closer to the edge of the pool, where he lapped slowly at her sweet pussy. Pete moaned involuntarily as his cock grew even harder. He eased his swim trunks one more time, futilely trying to make room for his cock. It didn't work, so Pete pulled his shorts open and let them fall to a puddle around his ankles.

Outside, Chloe was wriggling and moaning under Brandon's tongue. He was lapping at her lips and clit, and slipping a finger in and out of her. With his other hand on her ass, he pressed her close to his mouth.

"No, stop," Chloe panted, "Brandon, stop, I'm almost there." I wanna cum ON you, babe."

"Yeah, babe, okay." he said. He stopped finger fucking her, licked her juices off the lucky finger, and climbed out of the pool, pushing her back on the cement. 

"mmmm... Brandon, on the grass, silly.

Brandon took her hand and pulled her up to her feet. He led her over to the cool grass and eased her down to the ground. He knelt between her legs, dropped his shorts to his knees and gave his cock a couple of vigorous strokes, and positioned the dripping head against her slit and grabbed her waist with both hands.

"Um, yeah!" said Chloe. She closed her eyes and put her hands on his shoulders. He pushed hard into her, getting almost half way in with one stroke.

Brandon moaned "Cho, your so wet!" She gasped and squeezed his shoulders harder, and he forced himself the rest of the way, balls deep, in one more stroke. She moaned quietly and arched her back under him.

Pete was feeling kinda creepy, watching his friend screw Chloe from the kitchen window. He didn't stop watching though. He couldn't tear his eyes away from the beautiful brunette that was writhing under his friend's thrusts, moaning and gasping and arching her back. He was gently playing with his cock and balls, watching her fine tits pressing against Brandon's chest, then the sweat on them glistening in the sunshine as Brandon rocked away to start another stroke. Robot or not, she was one fine fuckable babe.

He watched Chloe receiving Brandon's firm thrusts, one after another, moaning her pleasure, and he began to loose control without realizing it. He got a drop of olive oil from the dispenser near the cook top in his left hand and idly began to work his cock. Outside, Brandon and Chloe had slipped into a version of doggy style that showcased Chloe's beauty for anyone standing in the kitchen. Her lean body glistened in the sunshine, her tits dangling and jiggling with each thrust.

Inside, Pete's cock started pulsing. "Oh, shiiiitt... no..." he whispered as the jets of cum began to slap against the wall and window he was standing in front of. He helplessly watched as his cock emptied its load. As it slowed he began to feel a little dizzy. "Fuck," he laughed, "that was a big one." He sat on a kitchen chair and pumped himself gently, waiting for the last few spurts to end. 

Outside, Brandon and Chloe were getting into the doggy style rhythm. Bran was pulling on her ponytail and holding her hip, slamming his cock deep into her with thrust after thrust. Chloe had spread her legs in the grass to give Brandon deeper access to her warm, wet pussy. She rocked back into his thrusts firmly, biting her lip and moaning with each bump.

"You ready?" gasped Brandon.

"mmmmmm yeah, fucker, fill me up," she said.

Brandon took two more hard, deep strokes then froze, his meat planted deeply in her. He gripped her hips and pulled her hard against him as his spasms filled her up with his boybatter. She squealed and pushed back hard, wriggling gently on his cock. After a few minutes they giggled together and fell onto the grass, his sticky cock still in her pussy. 

They cuddled tenderly for a few minutes, then Brandon rolled off her and gave her a gentle kiss on the mouth. "Thanks, babe, you were fuckin' hot."

Chloe rolled onto her back in the sun and hugged Brandon loosely around his neck. "You're such a stud! You made me cum twice, you bastard!" She closed her eyes and pulled him down for another kiss. He joined her, by her side on the grass, his sticky cock pressed against her hip, and they gently kissed and touched for a few minutes, both of them coming down off their sexual peaks. The kissing and caressing slowed, and Brandon was nearly asleep with Clo on his shoulder when she stirred.

"Come on, fucker. We got to get up, we can't let Pete's family find us all sticky in the sun."

Brandon opened his eyes and frowned. "No! Wanna stay!"

"Brandon, behave!"

He sighed, stood up and pulled her to her feet. She led him over to the pool. "Help me wash off, babe." She jumped in the cool water, Brandon right behind her. They began to wash away the sweat and spilled cum that was all over their bodies. Brandon started to get hard again and nestled his hard cock between her ass cheeks, hugging her and roughly rubbing her breasts.

Chloe giggled. "Bran, you're not ready again, are you? We can't. Peter's inside, and we're torturing him." She pushed his hand away from her cunny. "Come on babe, there'll be another time."

He grinned sheepishly and let her get out of the pool. They both pulled on their shorts. Brandon fished her bikini top out of the pool and handed it to Chloe, but she didn't put it on.

They stepped through the kitchen door and found Peter, in his swim trunks, vigorously scrubbing the window and wall with paper towels and a spray bottle.

"Hey, Petes. Sorry, that was kinda rude." said Chloe.

"No, you're fine. I'm glad you had fun." He looked up at her. She had her left arm covering her breasts, her left hand just barely concealing the right nipple. He momentarily lost his train of thought.

"What are you doing?" asked Brandon.

"Nothing. Just cleaning up ... some jam ... yeah, some jam I spilled." He gathered his tools and stood up. Chloe was grinning at him. "Are you two done ... um ... swimming?"

Brandon grinned. "No, I want to take another dip. How about you, Chloe?" Chloe elbowed him in the side, and her breasts were free for a moment, bouncing gently. Pete lost his brain power again.

"Guys, I'd love to sex you all day, you know that. I have to get some work done though."

Pete's face fell. "What?"

Chloe took pity on Pete. "Brandon, go get my tee shirt from the guest bath ... hurry." Brandon scurried off.

Chloe took Peter in her arms. "Petes, We've gotta keep your secret. Your parents can't find out about our loving, right? Your mom gave me a boatload of work this morning, and if the family gets home and I haven't done it, they'll wonder what's going on, right?"

Pete nodded, but he didn't look any more cheerful.

They stood quietly in the middle of the kitchen. She cuddled with him, her erect nipples pressing into his chest. He put his arms around her and rubbed his body against hers. Just then, Brandon came into the kitchen, and Chloe broke away, blushing and looking at Brandon.

"Sorry Bran. Pete's kinda sad. Don't worry, I'm still your girl."

Pete looked at Brandon. "Shit, Bran, she has to go back to work!"

"Oh, man, did I take too long?"

Chloe said "Guys, I'm reverting to housekeeper now. I have to, sorry. Keeping your secret is one of my prime motivators. Sorry." She pulled on the tee and left the room. She stuck her head back in for a moment. "Brandon, you are one fine fucker! You guys should probably get dressed." She disappeared into the other room.

"Shit."

"Sorry, Pete, I know what it's like."

"Yeah, whatever."

"It's okay, we can fix this. Didn't you read ANY of the stuff I sent you? There's a game called "Sleepover." Come on, let's talk to her about it."

They found Chloe in the living room, dressed in her cutoffs and tee, with a tote full of cleaning supplies.

"Chloe, are you running your housecleaning routines?"

"I'm still in Recreational Sex mode, if that's what you're wondering."

"Yeah, cool," said Brandon, "can you run "Sleepover" automatically for Pete after everyone goes to bed tonight?"

"Yeah, I can imbed a trigger that will run the RS routines after a certain event has happened..."

"Okay, great, can you activate RS and run "Sleepover" one hour after everyone has gone to sleep?"

Chloe blushed and smiled. "It's all set up."

"You're on, Pete," grinned Brandon. "Chloe, shut down RS." Chloe blushed and smiled, then carried her cleaning supplies out to the kitchen.

Pete didn't look convinced. Brandon said "You're having fun tonight, Bro! Go read the stuff I sent you about the Sleepover game!"