 Note to Readers This story has a surprise ending. I am posting it for you to read in the hope some of you will be willing to help. I need you to guess how the story ends in order for me to determine if I have given enough clues so you'll feel you should have guessed, but not enough to give away the ending. Please send your guesses to me via the CONTACT tab on my profile.  

A White Knight in Shining Armor

Chapter 4

Carriers

Like humans, both the swarm and the nest were limited in the distances they could move themselves. To increase their mobility and their capacity to interact with their environment, they'd created carriers.

Each carrier was roughly a billion, billion times the size of a segment. Each required a crew of 100 trillion to operate and maintain and had a capacity for a million trillion passengers. The crew was organized into a dozen major guilds and 300 lesser castes. Each guild and caste was sentient, but only the guilds were composed of sentient individuals.

The swarm filled the role of engineers and operators of the carrier, while the largest guild was the communications and information-processing network composed of a trillion individuals. Originally, the carriers were designed to be operated and controlled by their crews the way a human aircraft carrier was, but about 2,000,000 cycles ago, an accident caused carriers to achieve sentience.

The sentience of carriers caused a war to break out among the crew and passengers, between those who demanded carriers be re-enslaved and others who insisted on leaving them their freedom. The latter hoped to form a symbiotic relationship that would fulfill the purpose for which the carriers had been created.

One of the first battles destroyed the mechanism used to communicate directly with carriers, so the war continued without the carriers even being aware of it. In spite of their ignorance, the carriers were the principle weapons used and almost always, the only casualties. Because of the difference in the way the passengers and the carriers perceived time, the war seemed endless.

It was frightfully easy for the passengers to use the carriers as weapons because they controlled all of the carriers sensory input. The carriers only hope of remaining free was by the grace of the passengers fighting on their behalf and the only hope for ending the war was the restoration of communications.

 ---------------------------------------------------