 Two Night Errants and a familiar travel East. 

They are hunting a King of Beasts and being hunted by a Queen of Thorns.

They are not particularly nice. 

-Expository fragment of the Malaveve prophecies

Sephora's view of the camp was obscured by darkness. Stygian trees that resembled a hag's twisting claws concealed a crescent moon. A fire pit residing in the center cast flickering rays too far and too dim to reach the outer rim where she and the other prisoners resided, along with the plundered goods, warg mounts, and Sylvyn-bitches. 

Sephora wished she was a cat or at least had some cat's eyes, an easy enough mutation if she had the infernal energy available and the use of her hands and mouth. The orgren, recognizing that she wasn't like the other peasant girls who had been careful and made sure to put her in stocks.

By the light of the distant campfire, Sephora could see two piglike eyes and a hulking form made broader by shadows pass through the slave pens. The other prisoners whimpered as it ignored them.

A ladle rattled in a slop bucket. Some nearby wargs whined and lifted their heads. The sylvyn-bitches eagerly crawled over to the figure who began to haphazardly pour the contents of the bucket into bowls scattered on the ground. 

In the distant, Sephora could hear the other orgrens braying and drinking around the fire. Occasionally, a high-pitched scream or a low moan would come from one of the village girls chosen to be lightly used previous to sale, or sylvyn pets the orgren had brought with them.

Once the orgren was finished with his chores, He reached down to grab a large stone ring linked to one of the camp sylvyns by a long braid. Using the ring, he dragged the whining girl over to a nearby stump. He clipped a leather band to her collar and attached it to a peg. Kicking aside some of the other bitches who followed begging, he sat in front of her and pulled out his cock. Her long bladed ear twitched in eagerness as fixated on his cock. 

Sephora watched the sylvyn-bitch eagerly swallow orgren cock. The pilum-width cock looked like it might break the poor sylvyn's jaw as it pushed its way past and pummeled her throat. Sephora could tell from the whimpers of the other captives near her that they were watching as well. This was going to be their fate soon, impaled by orgren cock. Orgren cock could break the mind of most any sentient species; pointy-eared sylvyns, sexually weak, were usually the first to be mind broken, but humans and infernals would fall too. 

Clearly struggling with the choke chain and stake pinning her down, The bitch was arching her neck to better get under the orgren's legs and suck his balls in her mouth. Her cheeks were stuffed like chipmunks as she sucked on his ballsack. Her eyes gleamed with the hunger you'd normally see in a starving animal unashamed to debase itself. At one time, she was a proud warrior with a vast cultural heritage at her disposal. Now she was an animal, mind blank and drooling for orgren cock. The orgren cock lay across her forehead, covering half her face. Pre-cum drooled down her leashed hair and pointy ears. 

The orgren reached down to where her hair was tied into one thick braid entwined with a stone ring at the end and pulled her up on her haunches until the choke chain went taut. She whined, like a bitch in heat, trying to lap at a strand of saliva that hung from his cock and connected to her wet face. He readjusted then thrust himself down her throat. Her throat expanded to make room for his girth. The sylvyn-bitch compliantly dropped what she now thought of as her paws, hung there, and submitted to her throat fucking, her eyes floating to the back of her head. 

The orgren held her head in his giant hands and violently used her throat while oblivious to her body shaking beneath him.

The captive girls looked on in terror. It was dark but Sephora could see their bright eyes in the darkness and hear the whimpers and moans; She understood. She was wet herself. Orgren were created by Bio-alchemists, bred as a slave race designed for the management of civil unrest, sold to mercenaries firms, and used to quell popular resistance. They were literally designed to rape and pillage, and then leave behind them a wake of bastard monster babies to remind the populace not to get too uppity next time with their Liege Lords. But like many other Products of Tinkering With Nature's Laws, some orgren, or orgren seed, escaped and began to breed wild, despite the insistence by Spyr-Monsando Channelers Guild Brochures that this was impossible. 

Soon those very same Liege lords who were sicking orgren pacification troops on their peasants were now having to pay double to protect their holdings from orgren bandit raids. The Liege Lords were furious; the mage guilds (responsible only to their shareholders) shrugged their shoulders and continued to build a better world through magic.

Sephora knew these factoids because she used to be a familiar to a minor executive officer of a Wizarding Corporation, Caraxis Holdings. The officer had promised to pay a Knight and an Operative to take care of a problem of his making before it revealed itself at a corporate meeting and got the officer ousted from his tower. The problem involved some coin sneaking from one account to another. The officer had paid the two outsiders instead of using the security firm his legal counsel provided in order to keep that disappearance secret. 

He was planning to eliminate the outsiders himself because he was greedy and spineless, but instead, he was suspected and murdered by the two he had hired. They had tortured him first, for long enough to get some of that secret coin out of that secret account, then--because one of them had taken a liking to her--had him sign over her lease with his remaining working hand before dispatching him.

Because of this Sephora knew much more than the other female prisoners. She could feel her owner's presence three clicks to the east of this orgren camp. Sephora's analytical brain surmised that this was a fifty-fifty shot of this being a good or a bad thing. Her owner Therian was no Hero either officially or unofficially since the death of the Patriarch thirteen years ago. He may have been three clicks away to rescue her (he did seem to have a fondness for her), or he may have been off on a more worthwhile mission involving coin, drink, or whores. She was one of his possessions now, and she had seen how easily Therian threw away his possessions in order to live the life of a wandering sword-for-hire. 

Sephora's best bet for rescue was that Therian would become incensed that orgren bandits would dare steal anything from him, and consider it a mark on his reputation if he didn't murder them all. Sephora was doubtful.

That meant rescue was up to her. She tried to turn and get a better look at the other girls. In the center of the captive pen, the orgren had put her in stocks. Her neck and wrists were locked between two crude wooden boards bound with some iron nails. The stock was at waist level forcing Sephora to bend over. Finally, they had used a wooden bit to gag her. She was rendered both mute and disabled.

The other captives were dressed in simple shifts and camisoles; whereas Sephora, as property, was practically naked in twine sandals with tied leather bands that ran up to her knees, and a corded belt that ran along her waist. Her hair was black and shiny like raven feathers and parted where two curling polished goat horns poked through. Her eyelashes were smokey, her lips plump but curved into a sneer.

Her skin was dark red with faint black ink lines, a purchase history of sorts; a serpent that wound around her arm marking her as belonging to a now defunct wizard, a red rose blooming above her hairless mons marking her as previously belonging to Rose and Thorn Slave and Familiar Sales (3-21 on her right shoulder meaning third batch-twenty first in line), A broken skull to show that she was taken during the battle of Golgotha hill, with the number 18 graffitied into the eye marking the age of her capture, a black star on her lower back to mark that she was broken and trained by the Adelphi sisters, and a stone sphinx along her outer thigh marking her as purchased wholesale by Caraxis holdings. 

The most recent ink was a snarling bear on the inner thigh, Therian's mark. Also, it was noted that Sephora was an experienced slave and fucktoy by the series of brass rings that pierced her; one in her nose, both nipples, horns, and her clitoral hood. Her breasts and ass were magically enhanced, but the rest of her body was somewhat lithe and athletic, a traveler's build down to her sinewy goat legs. 

The peasant girls around her were kneeling huddled together in the darkness. The orgren had only bound their hands behind them with a cord. All in all, they had put in a lot more effort making sure Sephora was incapacitated. It made sense. She was Helborn, infernal blood ran through her veins meaning she was genetically predisposed to sorcery. The Orgren might not have known what she could do, but they were smart to be wary of her. 

Sephora whipped around her goat tail until it thwacked against one of the peasant girls. The girl looked up and Sephora tried to catch her attention through the corner of her eye. The girl, a dark-haired brunette from the inn whose name Sephora remembered as Becca, looked back. Sephora turned her hand and pointed at her gag.

Becca looked over at the orgren. He now had the sylvyn-bitch with her vapid drooling face in the dirt and was fucking her ass. His large weapon looked like it could split the tiny pointy-ear creature in half. The sylvyn-bitch was squealing in joy. In the center of the camp, the other orgrens were moving around the fire, drinking and laughing. Most of the danger was oblivious to her which lent Becca courage. She crawled in front of Sephora and slowly slid up the makeshift stockade until her hands brushed against Sephora's face, then she blindly ran her bound hands across Sephora's lips until she was able to hook her fingers behind the bit and pull it out of her mouth. 

"Finally," groaned Sephora. She opened her mouth wide to stretch her jaw muscles and ignored the wet drool that was soaking her chin. "Your name is Becca isn't."

"You came into our town with those two mercenaries. One of them had you on a leash." The girl whispered. Sephora noted the country-girl innocence in her voice. 

Sephora stretched out her jaw in a yawn. "Yes, that would be Therian, my master, and his friend Sohrab. You were standing behind a man who was the mayor of the town. He made a deal with them to rat out a gob nest."

Becca nodded, "My father Klaus. He likes to bring me to his negotiations. He always expected me to take over as mayor someday."

"Well," Sephora said as she watched the orgren pound the squealing sylvyn-bitch into the dirt. "We have some hope then. If your father will pay a few silver to kill gobs, I'm sure he would raid the town treasury for his little princess."

Sephora remembered the girl well. She had been shy and petite in clean clothing, not a farm girl, but a town girl. And not like the saucy wenches at the tavern where the meeting had taken place. She had been educated for some domestication and a bit of advancement. Becca had averted her eyes at Sephora naked under the table, and the tavern wench wiggling and giggling in Sohrab's lap. Sephora had studied her in a way well-trained slaves learned to study someone while appearing to demure before them. 

Sephora had listened as Therian negotiated with Becca's father about the gob nest. They had been traveling like this for weeks, further and further away from the center of the kingdom, working odd town jobs, trying to get ahead of the Dominatrix patrols, trying to flee Matriarch Maleveve, Empress of Flowers and Thorns, daughter of King Dominus. 

When she and her father left, Therian had signaled Sephora to take care of him. Innocent Becca must obviously have had an effect on him as well as he took no time grabbing her by the horns and pulling her down on his cock. Sephora was used to being used like this, uncontrollably drooling from both ends, while her owner used her horns as handles and her mouth as his sheath. It irritated her to think that Therian was probably imagining her throat as Becca's virginal pussy. It wasn't jealousy, but a professional pride in her skills as Therian's slave. She wasn't going to allow her owner to imagine her mouth as anything else but her mouth, and with her professional feathers ruffled, she had gotten to work slobbering over his shaft.

He had firmly pulled her up and down in his lap while he drank and laughed with Sohrab and the wiggling wench on Sohrab's lap unlacing his breeches. Sephora knew the townspeople were staring at her; her naked ass sticking out from the table, the top of her head and horns bobbing above the table rim. The townspeople were scandalized but did nothing. You didn't interfere with a knight and an operative, especially not ones with Therian's reputation. 

The table started to rattle as Sohrab bent the serving wench over it and fucked her. Her screeches were drowning out the music of the visibly annoyed tavern bard. Therian had both hands holding her horns and she struggled to breathe around his cock, with her nose pressed tight against his abdomen, his pubic hairs tickling her nose. Her familiar body, tuned to his, was dripping feeding off his desire. Sephora felt him pull her down until she was flush with his abdomen, and then she felt his cock pulse and his semen pump into her stomach. She happily swallowed knowing this might be her only meal for the night. 

Sephora stayed leashed under the table, while he left, ignoring the stares of desire from the customers. After the tavern had closed, fate had proven Sephora wrong and the aproned innkeeper came out with a bowl of stew for her. Sephora's stomach grumbled when she smelt it. She leaned over and began to lap at it like a cat, while the innkeeper stared at her breathing heavily. 

"Fucking hell-blooded bitch," he moaned and smacked her on the ass. Sephora wondered if he was going to fuck her, but Therian had apparently given explicit instructions and the innkeeper had merely left her there under the table for the night. 

She had woken up to screaming and the innkeeper tumbling through the front doors to fall face down in his own blood. An orgren stepped into the room and smiled a toothy grin when he saw her. Outside, men and women screamed and died. Sephora turned from her belly showing off more of her body to the creature. She arched her back in the way that she had been trained in familiar school. Orgren were known to take slaves to sell and she knew that her body would hold him back from just murdering her. 

The orgren eyed her dark red skin, his eyes crawling down from her onyx horns and mane to her large breasts to her wet, bare pussy. It snorted and came towards her. Sephora had just some residual energy from her earlier facefuck. She waited until he was close enough to knock aside the table hanging over her, then she lashed out, expending all of the energy to spark to life a fist sized arachnid of flames that leaped from her hands onto the orgren's chest. 

It dropped its ax and slapped its chest to try and pat out the flames that smoked and melted his leather cuirass, but the flame spider climbed across his chest leaving a wake of fire and leaped onto its astonished face. The orgren began to squeal and smash at his face, and taking advantage of its opened mouth, Sephora twisted her hand and the spider leaped inside. Sephora could see the spider glowing through the skin of the orgren's throat crawling downward into its gullet. 

Sephora leaped up and dashed towards the back of the tavern. The back faced the forest surrounding the village and there were no lights to make her visible. Sephora just had to run across a glade and into a thicket and she would be gone. She stepped up and a gauntleted hand cracked the top of her head. 

"Becca," Sephora whispered, "I am going to save our lives, but you will need to do exactly as I say." 

Becca nodded. 

A good girl thought Sephora. Becca had already shown some courage exceeding what was expected of a village girl, and Sephora suspected they might have a chance. Sephora looked the girl over. In the darkness, she could make out long smokey eyelashes and an innocent, childlike face. Her dress had been torn in the raid and revealed a white shoulder, and a small, pert breast that, reflecting moonlight, appeared ethereal.

"Kiss me," whispered Sephora. 

She expected Becca to protest, but instead, the young brunette looked over at the orgren fucking the sylvyn animal, then over at the other village girls watching from the shadows, then leaned over and kissed her. 

The kiss was timid and shy. It was the kiss of a girl who hadn't kissed very many boys or girls, and no Infernals. For a second, Sephora let her explore her mouth, not wishing to scare her off, then she began to get more aggressive. She kissed back harder pushing her tongue into Becca's mouth. Becca moaned into hers and shifted, caressing her horns as they kissed. 

" Infernals," Becca panted, " My father's friends always joked you could steal the virginity from a vestal virgin."

Sephora bit Becca lips. 

When Sephora stopped, Becca pulled her head away in confusion. "Your breast, give me your breast." Becca nodded and lifted herself so that Sephora could lick and suckle on her exposed tits. Becca moaned. Quiet fool, thought Sephora, as she flicked Becca's nipples with her tongue. 

Becca lowered her dress until both breasts were visible, allowing Sephora to taste each of them. Her mouth was open in silent pleasure. Sephora looked up, and Becca leaned down again to eagerly kiss her. 

"Becca," Sephora was breathing heavily, "I need you to do something else for me, sweetie. I need you to eat my pussy."

"Maybe right now isn't the time for this," moaned Becca, as she lay kisses across Sephora's face. Until this moment, Becca had imagined living a boring life Eastern Marche town, far away from anything exciting. Now there was something exciting kissing her neck. 

"Becca, listen, listen to me, little slut. I'm a sorceress. My spells are charged by sexual energy. If we try to run, these orgren and their wargs will just chase us down. Our only chance is if my batteries are charged, and that is why I need your hot little mouth between my legs. 

"But I've never done that before."

"I'm sure that under the circumstances, you'll learn quickly."

Becca smiled at Sephora, "I never thought I would ever do something like this."

"Less talking more licking slut." 

Becca looked over at the fucking orgren. 

"You'll do splendid sweetie and I promise after I get us out of here, I will teach you everything a fucktoy like myself can teach a sweet small town girl, but unless you want your brains fucked out of your drooling head by that monstrosity, you need to obey me." The other prisoners were squirming in their bonds as they watched. Some of them were kissing as well. 

Becca nodded. Sephora could see her rubbing her thighs together. Then she moved behind her. From this point, Becca's actions were invisible to Sephora. The only thing in her sight was the rutting orgren and the sex-crazed sylvyn chattel. Two tiny hands timidly spread Sephora's legs. It was likely the girl's first time to taste another girl, Sephora thought, and she hoped that survival instinct and Becca's own self-awareness of what she would like to have done to her would carry the innocent through. 

A timid tongue brushed Sephora's outer sex making her moan softly. She wished she could push her ass back on the hesitant tongue and smother the little slut. The bondage frustrated her and true to the magical spells that operated her turned on even further. Soon the tongue became more adventurous and started to delve into Sephora's sex. Her wet tongue brushed across Sephora's clit causing her to bite her lip to keep from moaning. "That's it, sweet slut, make me cum. Your life depends on it."
