 She blinks and raises up from the feather-filled pillow beneath her head to look about the room. She smiles softly to herself and climbs out of the bed.

"Another day..." She whispers to herself as she slowly strolls to the bathroom to go through her morning routine.

Skylar, having just had her 23rd birthday the previous night, was bubbly and skipping about as she cleaned and got ready for the day. 

She looked into the full length mirror and the girl she saw was radiant. Standing, a short, five foot three with Long, waist-length barrel curls of blond, tossed over one shoulder. Piercing, Jade green eyes. Full and rounded ruby lips. And a creamy, ivory complexion that a model would sell their soul for.

Skylar's eyes wandered down her body, to her slender shoulders and slightly protruding collar bone and her C cup breasts. And then down her taught stomach, stopping a moment on her little bellybutton Ring that had a studded, hanging S on it. 

Her eyes continued to wander downward to her hips and her thighs that where nothing but muscle from all her years of softball. Then finally to her carved and chiseled calves. She smiled brightly, thinking of when she used to be the-nerdy-girl whom no one ever paid any attention to. 

She finally stopped staring at herself and went into the kitchen only to find a letter folded neatly on her dinning table.

"Dear Skylar, I've been watching you for several years now. You know who I am so don't be alarmed. Trust me, I couldn't hurt you even if I wanted to. You may not remember me, but my name is Roman and I work with you at the Sports Center down town. You always seem to be unavailable when I want to talk to you so I had my dog sneak this letter into your house through your own doggy door.... Ha-ha. Please, if you're still reading this...go to your front door and look out the window...."

The letter cut off. Skylar turned her head toward the front door, no other part of her body dared to move. She contemplated on whether or not to comply with the letter's instructions. Her curiosity got the better of her and she slowly moved to the window beside the front door.

She gently pushed back the curtain and blinds and looked out, only to see an extremely handsome man leaning against a rugged "Old Blue" type truck. He had a smile on his face that grew brighter when he noticed her peeking out the window.

"Roman...Roman...Roman..." Skylar chanted to herself trying to remember him but failing miserably. She waved shyly.

The man, looking to stand about six foot six and in his late twenties, bumped off his truck and started to stroll near her door. She took that moment to look over his features.

He had buzzed brown hair, a square jaw and two pools of chocolate brown eyes. His smile was crooked, making him look mischievous. And one of his brows were slightly cocked upward as his stagger brought him closer, his long legs clad in faded denim. His torso clad in green and blue flannel. His feet baring steel-toed work boots. His whole body looked like steel. Pure muscle. He walked up her porch steps with His hands casually stuck into his pockets.

It was driving Skylar nuts, that she couldn't remember such a handsome young man. Just as she thought that she didn't know any Roman, one popped into her mind from a couple of months ago.

A very frail and fragile looking boy struggling to lift a dumb bell. She puzzled over this. The man at her door was the exact opposite of the one in her memory. And yet they were the only Romans that she knew.

A gentle but firm knock on the door started her out of her reverie and she reached for the door knob and slowly opened it.

A small smile. "Hey." said Roman.

"Hi." came the whisper from Skylar.

"Um...its me. Roman. From the letter. Uh...you helped me with a work out a few months back," a blush, "erm...I couldn't left the weight I was using..." 'So I DO know him!' was the thought in her mind, 'I KNEW it!' was the continuation of that thought.

"Yeah, yeah. I remember. Roman. Uhh.. U look... buff." Was all that she could command to come out of her mouth. "You look nothing like you did then." She blurted.

He chuckled and smiled. "Yeah, I know. Went through a..uh..sudden growth spurt." Roman said. She could tell by the look in his eye that he was lying to her.

"Mhm. Hey, it's cold outside. Would you like to come in?" She asked and stepped aside. Roman just stood there for a moment, looking troubled he then slowly took a step over the threshold of Skylar's home.

He looked down at her after she shut the door and was openly staring. She looked confused and blushed as she looked down at herself. She was in blue short shorts and a cream mid-drift. She held up her index finger and strolled to her bedroom to put on more appropriate clothing. Roman watched her as she walked away, licking his lips, his member hardening just a bit in his tight jeans. He adjusted himself and sat on the couch and waited.

"What should I wear? What should I wear?!" rambled Skylar as she shuffled through her clothes. She found a white Eyes Set to Kill T-shirt and a pair of black skinny jeans. She put those on and put her socks and lime green converse on and then strolled back into the living room to see Roman rubbing his crotch with his right hand, his eyes closed. She bit her lip to suppress a groan at the sight.

She cleared her throat and his eyes shot open and his hand moved to his side as he sat up straight. He took a double-take at her and his eyes filled with an unknown emotion. She smiled and sat beside him, her hips purposely swaying on the way.

"So, what brought you here?" She asked. 'Kind of a silly question' she thought.

"You do, Sky." His voice was husky making Skylar wiggle where she sat. She tried to smile to hide how turned on she was becoming.

"Is that so?" She inquired, truly smiling this time.

"Mhm. I want to ask you something." He told her. His face looking serene, and rather serious.

"Shoot." was all Skylar said to acknowledge what he said.

"I want you to be my pack mate." Roman blurted in a ramble of mixed words. Almost as if he were nervous. If he hadn't been speaking so fast, she would have sworn he had said 'pack mate'. Like in a wolf pack, but she wasn't sure if that is what he had really said.

"You want me to be your pack hooby-whatty?" She asked in a confused tone of voice.

"My pack mate." Roman said slower. "I'm a werewolf." He tagged on the end. That was the last thing that Skylar remembered before she passed out.

DARKNESS

Skylar awoke with a headache, she looked to the mantle over the fire place and the clock read 12:36 AM. She rubbed her head and pulled the lamp string next to the couch. 

The next thing she sees is a huge burgundy colored wolf curled up in the middle of the carpet. She gasps softly. The wolf's ear twitched in her direction and it huge head slowly lifted from its paws and turned toward her. It's eyes looked familiar, and held more knowledge than a wolf was supposed to. It analyzed the look on her face and then softly whimpered and belly-skirted it way to her, and rested its head on her lap. Another whimper escaped the pained looking wolf.

She stared and blurted her thoughts out loud as if the wolf could understand her. "You're huge. You're bigger than a freaking lion." Which was an understatement. 

The wolf's big bushy tail started to slowly wag and his tongue stuck out. It continued to look up at her with its knowing eyes. She slowly reached up to pet his ears and forehead. The wolf's tongue stuck out again and it started to pant and lick her forearm. She giggled and rubbed her face on its muzzle. She smelled a familiar cologne.

The wolf barked and jumped up and put its paws on the couch on either side of her and started to happily lick her face and neck, nipping slightly. She gasped as it nipped her neck. Skylar slowly hugged the wolf and gently pushed it down. The wolf sat on it haunches and cocked its head at her, tongue out and panting.

"You look so familiar." She mumbled. The wolf jumped up and ran into another room, trotting back with a letter in its mouth. The wolf promptly dropped the letter in Skylar's lap. She opened it and gasped. Her eyes fluttered as her memories came back to her of the days earlier events. She dropped the letter and retracted against the couch trying to get away from the wolf she now knew was Roman. 

Roman whimpers loudly and lowered his head at her reaction. He slowly backed away from her and to her surprise she reached out to him. The wolf stopped and slowly started to come forward, toward her hand. He slowly licked it and nuzzled it she smiled softly.

The clock on the mantle then beeped twice as it hit 1:00 AM. Roman's wolf eyes widened in what looked like fear. He whimpered and ran from the room. Skylar was puzzled and followed him. He went into her room and jumped onto her bed. She saw his clothes from earlier on the floor next to it.

His body started to tremble and he looked at her with pain visible in his eyes she went closer to him, but he growled at her in warning. She took a step back then approached him once again.

"Roman, are you okay?" She ran her fingers softly through his furr. He whimpered again. She watched him and his furr suddenly started to disappear, seeming to get shorter. She just continued to watch in horror and confusion.

Roman barked at her and then whined and whimpered some more. Skylar heard several cracks and pops coming from his body. She had no idea what to do. She kissed his ears and gently rubbed his body. She watched paws turning to fingers, muzzle turning into jaw, tail disappearing, ears becoming more human. All accompanied with cries of pain from Roman. Then, he went silent as his huge human form lay naked on her bed.

She tried her best not to stare at him. She gently ran her fingers up and down Roman's spine. He shivered and groaned softly. Skylar bit her lip.

"Roman?" She whispered and he unburied his face from her pillows and looked up at her, tears in his eyes. She slowly wiped them away and kissed his cheeks. To her surprise, Roman gave a slight turn of his head and kissed her on her lips, she sat there, motionless. He deepened the kiss, wanting a reaction.

Skylar slowly started to kiss him back and his hand gently touched her cheek, even though his hands where rough with calluses from years of ware and tare, his touch was unbelievably gentle. She sighed contentedly as she continued to kiss him.

Roman suddenly turned over and Skylar sat wide-eyed as a fully erect ten inch dick sprang up into the air. She moaned involuntarily and her eyes closed. Before she knew it, his hands were undressing her and she was down to her bare-nothings, just as he was.

"Please Sky." was all he said, a needing look in his eyes. Skylar smiled and rubbed his abs and let a finger follow his happy trail. Roman let a small moan escape his lips and that set Skylar on fire. That one little noise made all rational thought leave her mind and she straddled him. He grunted and moaned as he felt her lower lips caressing the shaft of his dick.

Roman grabbed her hips and held them tightly, to his delight, Skylar moaned and he could feel her getting wetter and wetter by the second.

He moved his hips up a little, grinding into her, she moaned again and he bit his lip and kept moving his hips like that. She moaned more and more and soon was joining him, moving her hips in small circles, eliciting a moan or two from Roman.

"I need you. Now." Were the words that spilled from Skylar's mouth. Roman grunted and lifted her by her hips and aimed his dick at her entrance and slowly lowered her down onto the head. It went in and she moaned.

"MMMM, so tight..." Roman mumbled and pushed another two or so inches into Skylar.

"Oh my..g-god" Said Skylar as she moaned and dug her nails into his chest. Roman went crazy at that and slammed her down onto his rod. She screamed in pain and pleasure and he sat up and took on of her eraser sized pink nipples into his mouth and nibbled on it as his hips started to thrust into her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and started to ride him.

"Urg! Roman!" She called as his dick hit her g-spot over and over every time he thrust upward. He moaned loud as she said his name, his cock throbbed and twitched inside her, making her moan too.

"Yes, Sky?" his hands went to her ass and kneaded it and smacked it once as his mouth went to her neck and bit and sucked. She moaned and squealed on top of him.

"MMM! Roman, don't stop. Oh my god, yes!" was her response when he bucked hard into her. He then flipped them so he was on top and took one of her legs and put it on his shoulder and started to pound her pussy as she moaned louder and started to shake beneath him. He grunted as the familiar tingle started at the base of his spine.

Skylar suddenly gasped loudly and screamed "FUCK! IM CUMMING!" she then tightened so extremely around him that her pussy was pushing him out he moaned loud and grunted hard as he came deep inside her. 

She just shook and moaned and groaned until her orgasm subsided. The whole time, Roman stayed inside her, moaning softly as she tightened and released over and over again, milking his dick for his cum. Roman, watched her face as she started to relax and Skylar looked up into his deep brown eyes and she sighed.

He rolled off of her and laid beside her. She turned on her side and he wrapped his arms around her, spooning her.

Not twenty minutes later he heard the sound of soft snoring. He very gently got up from the bed and took a towel and cleaned her. All the while, she still slept like a rock.

Roman clothed himself and wrote her a note and sat it on the pillow next to her. He covered her up and kissed her forehead and out the door he went and he climbed into his beat-up truck and drove away.

TO BE CONTINUED...