 I have never felt so alive, so sexually satisfied as I have been in the past five years. Five years, where has the time gone, it's amazing. My butt is still tingling from last night, I wish the Doctor's wouldn't give me fast-heal drugs, but they say the discomfort is too distracting. So let's go back to where it all started.

I was born on a protected planet called Earth, in a system one hundred and twenty-seven light years away from here. For the most part the planet is disorganized with rival governments, pockets of good technology and some pretty bad. What I can tell you is that we did have the internet, a connected worldwide system of computers where we played about with little idea of the consequences of our actions. 

Now that's not to say I committed any crime. But some people could watch and track the blogs you read, the pictures you down-load, the fetish stores to stop and look at, time after time. So even though I was just a harmless lurker, somebody made a calculated guess as to my fetishes, and wishes. So be careful next time you innocently take an on-line test as to how kinky you are. Or, talk to people of an on-line forum, and reminisce about your past lovers. Curse or a lucky chance, you decide.

I lived in North America, quiet comfortable life. And yes, some experiments, secret fun on the computer, and I died. Nothing special, caught a bad cold, turned out to be pneumonia, and I died of repertory distress in my sleep. For me it was just going to sleep and then a very odd dream.

"Mister Jones," called a voice in the dark, "Mister Jones would you like to be a sex slave?"

"Wow," I groaned in my sleep, "that would be nice." But there is a reality here, "I'm eighty-two, and my wife would not approve. Who'd want to be with an old guy like me?"

"Mister Jones," the voice answered evenly, "your brain is still alive. We can transfer your mind into a newly cloned body based on your DNA, you will be better than ever young, handsome, and sexually attractive to others."

I had to laugh, "why would anybody find me attractive," I asked.

"Let's just say," said the voice with a bit of humour, "we have some good plastic surgeons on staff."

"Oh that's expensive," I told him, "how can I pay that off?"

"Let's just say," concluded the voice, "we're recruiters for a very special contract. On your world a good prostitute get's paid a hundred dollars an hour, more if he or she allows themselves to be spanked before they have sex. Would you like to get paid to have you ass spanked three times a day? That's an easy three thousand dollars a day."

I did that once, I was a slave to a couple one weekend, and it was great. At least once a day for the rest of my life I thought about that weekend. It was a wonderful memory I kept in my heart for the longest time, and still do. I wanted it.

"Okay," I said to the dark, "I'll do it."

"Good," concluded the voice, "begin preparations, when you wake up your court appointed counsellor will talk to you."

¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬

I woke up after a nice comfortable sleep and had a king size woody. Okay I didn't have one of those foot long dicks that you hear in all those sexy stories. I'm sorry to say even when I was young and six feet tall, I only had a six inch dick, but it was all natural and mine. Now normally I'd be dreaming about, well, sex in order to be so aroused. I got out of waking up with morning wood by the time I turned fifty. This was interesting.

So I reached down started stroking, thinking about maybe humping a pillow when I noticed the bed I was in didn't have a pillow. After opening my eyes and looking about, I was in a hospital bed of some sort. Worse still I was naked, in a bed of some sorts white sheet under me, but the blanket was more quilt than sheet. I looked down and well there was my circumcised penis still ready to go, but the rest of me, wow!

Where did I get this buff body? Flat belly, buff chest, thin waist, legs, even my toes were,....nice. True I was in some ways still me, covered in black body hair, not too thick, except for my testicles. More than anything I wanted to see my face, when a voice interrupted me.

"Good morning Mister Jones," said a voice with a mechanical lithe. 

I looked into a dark corner and came face to face with my first robot. I mean I assume it was a robot, maybe an android, but it was mechanical. Humanoid in shape, head, two arms, two legs, synthetic skin covering of some sort, and dead camera eyes instead of real eyes. 

"What are you," I asked it.

"I am the room's medical android," said the android, "Unit 01-00-375-44, however many of you Earthmen call me Nurse Ratchet. Or Nurse. I am a part of this room, number 01-00-375-44, here to meet your needs till you are released from this room. Now, do you need, food, clothing, to go to the bathroom, or a good spanking?"

"Well," I said as I tried to cover my erection. I was hungry, but part of me wanted sexual satisfaction.

"I should remind you," said the Android as it moved closer to me, "you agreed to become a sex slave. Sex slaves are not allowed to play with themselves."

"No wait a minute," I said, but it was too late. I tried punching, kicking, and every close combat move I knew, it just didn't work. I was over that robot's mechanical knee so fast and got my first spanking. 

That mechanical hand with its artificial skin covering was better than any cyber-skin I ever felt. The inside must have been pure steel, and well I didn't count, but sure enough I lost any interest in my erection. For some reason the programming in that robot was pretty good, I was in complete submission but still had enough control not to break down and cry. 

"Since you've been a bad slave," concluded the Android, "you may only wear this." It handed me a white cotton brief of some sort. There was no elastic band, but strings so that I would have to tie the sides up to hold on to my hips. I looked up and saw a full length mirror of myself in the briefs. I looked more like a boy-toy than my old self. More than that, I looked no more than eighteen, and needed a shave.

"Stop admiring yourself and eat some breakfast," the Android told me. It pointed to a small side-table with a bowl of soup of some sort and glass of clear liquid. "Any more misbehaving and I'll have you wearing nappies and denied bathroom privileges."

I quickly sat down on the contoured chair which reminded me of the spanking I just received. How did they know that I toyed with Diaper Domination, but never went through with it? The soup was more like porridge with a slight mingling of sweetness just enough to make it interesting. The glass of clear liquid was just water, but it was cold and a robotic arm kept filling the glass.

"Drink the water," the Android told me.

"I've had three glasses," I told it. "It keeps filling the glass."

"You will drink six glasses of water," the Android told me, "anything less and I'll lock a chastity diaper on you. Do you want to empty your bowels in a toilet or in a diaper?"

I kept drinking the water and wondering why I ever even considered diaper bondage. After six glassed of water the arm stopped re-filling and I finished the breakfast. I felt better with the slight hunger gone.

"Your court appointed counsellor will be here in half an hour," the Android told me. "You should use the bathroom before he sees you."

"Okay," I agreed, "where is it?" Secretly I hope it would not tell me to do it in my pants.

"In there," the Android pointed to a dark room behind a door that opened. "Let me explain," it continued, "this is an extremely high tech medical bathroom. Most homes have one. You are not going to just take a piss and a dump. The room will have non-evasive catheters go into your body remove the waist products, give you a medical examination, and bath you all at once. If you are good special goggles will let you watch a short movie, even masturbate; if you earned that reward. Medication will also be applied to that red bum of yours in case you need another spanking. So just relax and step in."

So I stepped inside and sure enough I watched a movie about what was going on. I even got to see up my own colon as I was give a non-evasive enema so that if somebody wanted to fuck me up the ass I would not have an accident and shit the bed. To say the least the bathing was a nice experience.

I came out of the bathroom and found my court appointed counsellor sitting at a chair opposite the side-table. Nurse Ratchet was standing in the corner not moving. The Counsellor looked no more than thirty or so, wore a white suit or uniform and had a rather sturdy brief-case. He had almost pinkish skin, and a heavy nose, he was the first Alien I ever met.

"Turn around and bend over," he told me, "did Nurse Ratchet spank you into submission?"

"Well not too much," I said turning and bending over bed. "Wait a minute," I asked standing up. "Aren't you my court appointed counsellor?"

"Sure," he said not getting up from his chair, "but I wanted to make sure I'm talking to Mister Alfred Pontiac Jones and not a slave who would do anything to get his next sexual fix."

"Oh," now that made sense, "no, I would have to say I don't feel like I'm under any pressure."

"Okay we'll skip that line of questioning," he concluded as he jotted some notes on his lap-top. "I want to explain your legal options and obligations here. The Company, whose long list of corporations and individuals has through a loop-hole in the immigration laws taken you from your home planet of birth and brought you here. Now you are obligated to pay them back for transportation and you cloned body which is based on your DNA but with all the bad genes taken out. So no worries about Cancer, Alzheimer's disease, or quite a few other diseases your science hasn't found yet. With proper diet and exercise you will live to the grand old age of two hundred. How does that sound like an immigration incentive?"

"Cool," I laughed. This place was great.

"Not so cool," said the Counsellor, "this whole procedure cost five million, two hundred and fifty thousand credits. You are obligated to pay that fee."

"Yea but a good prostitute who gets spanked can earn up to three thousand dollars a night," I shot back.

"Ten American Dollars has the buying power of one Galactic Credit," laughed the Counsellor. "The average untrained labourer earns about fifteen thousand six hundred credits a year; it would take you over three hundred years to pay back you debt." 

"What are you getting at, I thought this was all sex and good times. Isn't prostitution legal out here?"

"Oh it is Mister Jones, very legal when you choose the right words. But remember those chosen words you said, "a good prostitute." Granted you humans from Earth are a novelty in more ways than one, but I must remind you, you may not have any choice as to who you give yourself to."

"Fat broads," I said remembering how seeing an extremely over-weight person sickened me.

"Overweight people are a sign of bad health. So don't worry too much about that. Over ninety-nine percent of the people you will give yourself to are aliens." He then showed me some pictures of aliens. Some looked like cat-men, bears, gorillas, centaurs, bird-men, and beefy looking women with some rather odd looking vaginas.

"Who are those tough looking gals," I had to ask.

"Heredshe," he explained. "A planet where the females are very dominate. They are humanoid, and their vagina is capable of inserting an egg into a male and gets him pregnant. When really sexually charged they will butt-fuck a man and plant a fertilized egg into a man's colon. Plenty of them come through our ports and prefer male sex slaves. You Earth Men look very similar to their own men. So expect to wear high heels, stocking, short skirt, and a good slap on the rump. You will earn triple the usual rate when submitting to one. A trip to the bathroom will take care of things."

"You mean I could get knocked up," I asked.

"Knock up," he questioned. Then shook his head, "I'm sorry I don't speak Earth English, what did you say?"

"What are you talking about? I'm speaking perfectly good English."

"No," explained the Councillor, "that was part of your new body, language conditioning, you were sleep trained in the language of Coalition Galactic. The Office of the Galactic Governor insisted all bonded immigrants receive language training. You will be punished for speaking in a foreign language so don't."

"Punished in what way?"

"You're pay would be docked." He laughed, "they certainly will not spank you, you'd enjoy it too much." His laugh was infectious and I chuckled too. "Look," he continued, "you owe the Company a lot of money, and you don't know much about what goes on here. As a Representative of the Galactic Governor we give all immigrants a small lap-top computer with limited planetary telecommunication capability and free education programs. I suggest you learn about the local customs, Coalition, Contract Law, and well a trade of some sort. So for the time being until you learn the basics of society your movements are curtailed."

"I'm under house arrest?"

"For your own safety,....yes."

"And if I don't like being in this hospital room?"

"Well," he chuckled, "I can transfer you to a prison cell and from there to a Company Labour Camp." That made me stop and think for a moment.

"Do you want to be a sex slave," he asked me. "Prostitute, Courtesan, the house boy-toy, as a house boy you would be well paid. In a few years earn your freedom."

"Yes sir, I do."

"Okay," he said as he opened his briefcase and took out a metal collar, "this is it." He held it out in front of me. "Take this and put it around your neck. You put it on, and you accept you are a sex slave, class ten. I can pay one credit and then spank you and fuck your ass."

I couldn't help myself, I actually had a hard-on as I took the collar. It seemed to be a seamless piece of metal no hinges or anything. It seemed somewhat flexible as I put it around my neck and the ends just seemed to melt together. Timidly I undid the strings to my bikini bottom and let it fall to the floor. I turned around and bent over the table offering my ass to him. Instead of feeling his touch I heard the door open and close.

"That was stupid," said Nurse Ratchet as I heard her move behind me. "You should have asked if he was married, or a homosexual." I felt a cool hand stroke my behind and then a finger ran up the crack of my ass. "He could have given you more information, but you propositioned him and made him nervous." The hand patted my ass. "Turn around," it ordered.

Nurse Ratchet seemed to have bulked up and was sporting a very large erection. It pushed be back against the bed and I fell back. It lifted my legs and spread them, I felt a greased finger enter my behind.

"Open up to me," it instructed. "Heredshe women don't like it if a man is too resistant. A little resistance is good, but most important of all, is not to act. Enjoy it, hate it, moan only if it hurts, and don't be afraid to cry." It quickly pulled aside and held my legs together with one arm while the other diaper spanked me.

"Oh Jesus," I cried, it hurt like hell to have my ass that stretched out and paddled.

"Six with the cane after I fuck you," it told me. "You spoke in Earth English again. I'm guess we'll have to train you to take the name of a local god in vain when you are taken by surprise." It then gave me a dozen more before it put me back into a face-to-face fucking position.

I was definitely in sub-space when it took me. Those mechanical eyes seemed to bore into me. Despite how sore my ass was I could feel android's fake testicles bouncing on my sore cheeks. The thrusts were long, hard and slowly built in rhythm. The Android got more fanatical it seemed to have nice breast that I wanted to touch, but it pushed my hands back and over my head. My penis was so built up and I was so, so ready to cum when it stopped.

"But," I gasped wanting to reach down and finish myself off.

"NO!" It told me pushing my hands away. "A real Heredshe would be well satisfied. To spill your seed outside the Vagina is a sin." From somewhere, and I don't know where, it produced a set of shackles. "Slave shackles," it explained as a black leather collar formed over my metal one, except this one had some chains that went to wrist cuffs. "These will keep you from touching yourself." It then pushed me on my back and attached a pair to each ankle which had chains that went to my waist. "These are designed to keep you in the position of shame. Go kneel in that corner. I went and kneeled in the corner. The chains shortened as my ankles were pulled to my side and my legs went apart. The black corner walls went reflective, I could see myself. My dick was so sore and aroused I felt terrible.

Sometime later Nurse Ratchet knelt beside me. Her cool hands caressed my bottom while the other played with my balls and still erect cock. What was it doing now?

"It is said," it explained as it played with me, "that punishment after one has an orgasm is more painful. This will be your punishment for speaking in Earth English."

"I thought being here with the agony of not having an orgasm was the punishment."

"Twenty-two thousand people paid a half credit just to see you get your first ass fucking on the internet. Twice as many are going to watch you get your first taste of the cane. And even though you were surgically made impudent, there is a good auction for your seed. Rumour has it; Earthman seed has a salty taste, a unique taste of your planet. The novelty will wear off fast, but the Company needs the profit."

"Are you an android or is somebody behind you?"

"Twelve strokes of the cane, instead of six. Any more smart-ass remarks?"

I wasn't sure which was more humiliating forced to cum or simply being on an internet broadcast. I didn't mind that my cum was to be auctioned off, heck one step closer to freedom. After I assumed the position over the bed I realized I was not locked down, I would have to remain in place during the ordeal.

"There," it pointed to my open lap-top inches from my face. "The screen will display the name of a god. You will say its name with enthusiasm, and not Earth English. Each time you cry in Earth English will mean another lesson, and another day kneeling in the corner. So," the cane stroked my well spanked bottom, "say the name of the god, count off the stroke, and ask for another."

There was nothing worse than having to keep your head about yourself as you get punished. I had to remain in place, read a book, count the stroke, and ask for more. I swallowed hard, and waited.

THAWACK!

I forgot just how much a cane can hit. The pain shot through me like a rifle shot. My feet wanted to kick out I gripped the bed and closed my eyes. The cane lightly tapped me on the back. Oh crap, I said to myself.

"Hummm," commented the Android. "Did we forget to do something? Tomorrow will be a long day in Diaper Bondage. Some people like to do that sort of thing. Now pay attention."

THAWACK! I looked at the screen it said Thor, god of Justice to the people of the Middle Kingdom.

"THOR," I shouted, as I clenched my toes, "one. Thank you, may I have another."

"Still getting it wrong, you just earned a day wearing a diaper and walking in high heels, like any good Heredshe man."

THAWACK! This time the screen said Veronica, goddess of strength on Heredshe.

"Veronica," I shouted through the pain, "one. Thank you Mistress; may I have another."

THAWACK! Jadaria god of inner knowledge on the planet Puq.

"Jadaria, two. Thank you Mistress; may I have another." By the time I reached eight it stopped and allowed me to cry a bit before it continued. Eventually it was over and I felt like a quivering mass of very sore flesh. I fell asleep, my first day as a sex slave and I already earned the company fifty-five thousand five hundred credits.