 I wait in the shadows, peering around a gnarled oak, eyes fixed on the carcass in the clearing. A gentle breeze ruffles its wool and carries the scent of death to my hiding place. My sadness for this life cut short is suppressed by anticipation of peace - the darkness over our village will be gone by morning. Yet my hope is mixed with fear as I must stay, unseen, and ensure the sacrifice is received. Moonlight breaks through the clouds above and still there is nothing.

 It was my honour to be chosen to carry our finest sheep here. This sacrifice is a solution sent to the elders from the Northern wastelands, where it is an ancient tradition to appease evil spirits. Finally we will have an end to the illnesses, infestations and mysterious crop failures devastating our village. At this highest point of our lowland home, this clearing is our bridge to the sky. From the sky the face to our curse will come. 

 The breeze becomes still and a coldness hangs in the air. I gather my cloak around myself, eyes still transfixed on the dead sheep. If wolves or any scavenging animal were to take it now I do not know what I would do. The elders gave me no sword to defend myself, although if they had I doubt I could wield it. My gaze shifts to my cloak as it snags on a thorned bush at near the base of my tree. As it frees I return my attention to the clearing and I cannot help but gasp in shock. The sheep has gone.

 I dart my eyes around the clearing. I peer at the empty sky. I had most surely not heard the sound of any animal in the second I had looked away. This was the spirit's work, dark magic. I edge around the old oak, widening my view. Has the sacrifice been accepted? Hope wells inside me as I step into the clearing. 

 The air is still cold and silent, and there is nothing to be seen. I breathe for courage and walk to the place I laid the sheep, bending at the ground. There are no footprints other than my own – the spirit must have dropped swiftly from above. As I stand for the journey home, I hear a loud thud behind me.

 I spin, wide eyed and see the carcass, its dead eyes gazing back at me. My heart races and I step backwards, all my courage faltering. Before I have the chance to scream, my back slams into something hard and a strong grip pins my flailing arms.

 "Do not move."

 The deep voice breathes into my ear. My entire body tenses, my breathing becomes loud and ragged, and I feel my heart beat so forcefully it will surely break. I shut my eyes tight. My arms are released and but my tensed muscles keep them frozen in place. The tingling burn of magic fading from my back confirms what this is. Whatever happens now I must not aggravate this dark creature. 

 I hear it circle me, feeling the magic press upon me on each side. I know I cannot run or fight, and to scream would be useless so far from the village, but I must do something. Shaking and with my eyes still tightly closed, I find strength to speak.

 "P.. please accept our offering to you... in exchange for peace." I stutter, willing power into my words. "I know it is meager... but it is the best we have" The creature continues to circle, silent.

 "Will you accept our sacrifice?" My question rings through the clearing. The creature stops behind me. I flinch as something brushes past my neck to reach the clasp of my cloak. Nimbly it releases the cloak and lets it fall to my feet. Even in darkness, I feel its gaze as strongly as the cold air on my skin.

 "Open your eyes." The voice commands.

 I let my face relax and flick my eyes open to stare straight ahead. The clearing is moonlit except for the area I stand. As my eyes fall on the ground in front of me I let out a small scream. In the low light, enormous wings project to either side of my shadow. Behind me the figure stands tall, revealing a human-like head and torso encapsulating my own shadow. 

 "Swear that you will not try to run." The deep voice speaks sternly. The shadow of the wings collapse as they fold back behind the figure. A wild gust of wind rushes over me.

 "I swear I will not run. But... please... let me go." I plead. Without turning to face me, the creature begins to step sideward and forward to the sheep carcass in front of me. A spread of dark brown feathers glisten in the moonlight, trailing on the ground. Feathers merge into long dark brown hair upon the head of this dark and yet captivating beast.

 "First, tell me why you brought this here." It says.

 "I..." I start. "It is... the offering our village has given to you, so you might end the curse upon our land." Confusion creeps into my mind. 

 "Is that what they told you?" It asks curiously, examining the dead sheep. 

 "What do you mean?"

 In one swift motion the creature turns to face me. Encircled by swirling cloak of feathers stands a man of rare angelic beauty I have only seen before in paintings. His muscled physique is eclipsed only by a face of strong defined features and haunting green eyes. Dark wavy hair frames his head and bare torso. Black rags hang from his hips. Had my eyes not been already wide, they were now. I feel my face open, my lips parting to breathe in sharply.

 "Do you not know what I am?" he approaches slowly, staring directly into my eyes. 

 My heart skips and I cannot find my voice to speak.

 "A curse was laid upon me when I was sent here. Wherever I fly it follows me. Plants die. Animals lose their minds. Children run from me. Men hunt me. Even the sun scalds me." He spits, eyes narrowed, lines forming across his forehead. "Do you think a dead sheep can save me?" He stands before me. In this close proximity his magic overwhelms my body, as if I stood up with too much haste. I stand my ground and must turn my head upwards to look back at him. 

 "No but... please accept it, it's all we have." I repeat. He ignores my plea and continues to study me.

 "I wonder if they knew." He speaks softly, bringing up an olive hand to touch my hair. As his hand presses against my head I feel waves of magic strike through me. 

 Trapped in his presence it would seem I have no options left except to welcome death. This would surely not be the worst way to die. And yet confronted with his sad face I am compelled to trust him. Although my mind cries evil, my heart aches to help this lonesome tortured creature.

 "What can I do?" I ask bravely. As he releases my head I find myself reaching out for him, and my hand lands on his carved abdomen. It is hard as rock but warm with the magic burning inside. He is stern and silent. My heart races and my face flushes as I hastily withdraw my hand from his torso. With lightning reflex he takes it and the other at my side in his. He bends towards me as our eyes lock once more. Accepting my life has ended, I focus on his full lips and imagine what it might have been like to kiss such an unearthly creature. 

 He leans in and to my bewilderment, my momentary reverie is realised. As his soft lips meet mine the world melts away. Magic pours straight to my soul and warms every part of me. With slow intent he kisses me, forceful and tender, bringing my hands up to his neck as placing his own around my waste, pulling me closer. He breaks away and my lips itch for more of his dark embrace.

 "Come with me." He moves behind me. Although I am forced to let him go, his hands never leave my body. He traces my arms and lifts them, bringing them out to the side with his own, and positions himself so close behind me the intense warmth sends shivers down my cold spine.

 I catch myself nodding and turn my head to meet his, as he breathes in the scent of my hair. With his lips so close to mine they almost touch, his cloak of feathers tickling my skin spread wide into magnificence. With two strong beats of the air we rise into the night sky. 

 I am flying! I watch in awe as the forest shrinks below me and before I can glance towards the village, we swoop behind the clouds. I do not wonder how I have not fallen as I know it is his magic that keeps me bound to him. As we soar under the stars, I feel his warm breath on my neck and his body press further against mine with every beat of his wings. 

 We pass looming clouds of varying size, glimpsing black forest and shimmering lakes below. Above the fear and excitement thundering through my mind I cannot help but notice a hardness behind me. As it grows I feel it rub against my tailbone, until he shifts and it is directly beneath my groin. He has pinned me to him. His hands tangle in mine as he rubs straight through my legs, against my vulvae, with every wing beat. For the first time in months I am glad my dress is worn so thin. I feel my blood rushing to between my legs. The cold air rushes under my chest and my nipples grow firm. 

 To distract myself from my shameful state I gaze ahead. The Northern mountain range rises above the clouds, growing larger as we near, its twisted peaks threatening the heavens. We descend into a dark hollow on the eastern side of the highest peak. Suddenly the creature drops me to the ground, and squealing I land on something soft. I hear him land a few yards ahead of me. Above my own ragged breath I hear him strike a fire, and suddenly the cave is filled with light. On all fours I peer at my surroundings. The cave is empty except for a crude stone table on the far side and the bed of leaves, moss and soft grass I am collapsed on. Behind me the bed curves upwards, like a nest, blocking my view of the cave entrance.

 He turns to face me and strides over to the bed, green eyes alight with the reflection of the fire. Kneeling beside me he takes my face in his hands and kisses me once more. I lean into him, enveloped in his magic and yearning for more, running my fingers through his silken hair. He grabs my waist and pulls me tightly against him. Before I have the chance to explore his mouth with my tongue, he rips the top of my dress from my shoulders. I reel back in shock and see him observing the thin white underdress beneath.

 He takes me in his arms once more and I find my hands searching his torso, his arms and where his wings meet his shoulder blades. His skin is soft, hairless, his muscles tense. His hands find my breasts and roughly grope the flesh over my underdress, as the remainders of my outer dress drop down to my hips. His fingers circle my hardened nipples and pinch softly, then more tightly. As my kiss grows stronger in response, he intensifies his caress until he cruelly twists the tip of my nipple and I squeal in pain. He laughs and I catch his eye, bringing my lips to his in appreciation. A look of surprise passes over his face.

 "You are no ordinary maiden." He smiles at me. As I smile back he whispers in my ear. 

 "Are you my whore?"

 At his words my arousal spikes within me but I do not answer his question. Staring straight into his eyes I attempt to push his hands down from my breast. He smiles at my attempt, but follows. With one hand now on the small of my back, the other travels to my groin, and rubs my vulvae through my underdress. I moan.

 "Look how wet this is." He smirks at the wetness seeping through my underdress onto his hand. "There is only one thing that must be done to a whore like you." His face grows stern and my heart skips again.

 Pushing me onto my back, and resting my head gently on the bed, he crouches over me.

 "What must be done?" I giggle. He slaps a hand across my mouth.

 "Did I say you could talk?"

 I shake my head and try to remove his hand from my face but he is too strong. His other hand begins to trace lightly over my chest and I abandon all my efforts. I moan as his hand returns to my groin and begins to part my vulvae lips, gently tracing the most outer parts and the inside of my leg. My body judders as a lone, large finger strokes up the centre, bringing out the wetness and spreading it across my nipples.

 With a mischievous grin he leans down over my chest and breathes in as the smell of my juices fill his nostrils. Seeing my face flush red his mouth descends upon my left nipple, kissing and sucking, his long hair tickling my skin as it falls across my body. His other hand circles my clitoris, teasing me. I bring up my hips to meet his touch, but he avoids me. He shifts his attention and bites my right nipple gently and more forcefully until I squeal. I frown up at him and his smile is replaced with lust as he releases his hand from my mouth and leans back to kiss me.

 I kiss him forcefully, sitting myself up, our tongues dancing. My heart is pounding. I can hardly believe what is happening. I run my hands through his hair and down his chest, teasing him back. He pushes me back arrogantly and leans on one hand, the other cupped around my mound. I forget my intentions and raise my hips into his palm.

 "You want me to touch you there?" he whispers.

 I nod.

 "Are you my whore?" he repeats his earlier question.

 Again I do not respond and instead smirk up at him. My smile is stolen as he lifts my legs and slaps me hard against the bottom. I gasp at the impact but the pain radiates into pleasure.

 "Tell me you are my filthy whore and you want me to pinch your clitoris."

 "I...I am your filthy whore and I want you to..." Purposefully I break off and I smile up at him again. He spanks me again, harder.

 "To what?"

 "To pinch m-" 

 I am cut off as he drops my legs, spreads my thighs, and lets his hand hover so closely over my clit I can feel his warmth. He leans into my ear and whispers.

 "Do you want me to abuse your clit?"

 I wince at his words but my craving for his harsh touch is more than I can take.

 "I.. yes"

 "You really are a whore." He whispers, kissing my face and neck. "As you wish."

 He commences his zealous attack on my flesh, first rubbing gently though my underdress and then harder, flicking rhythmically whilst I cannot help but moan and gasp. The concentrated burst of pain only serves to heighten my arousal and I try to lift my underdress above my waste. He slaps my arm away and pins my hands with just one of his. His other hand he brings underneath my underdress to rub and pinch my clit between his fingers. I gasp and moan, the eruptions of pleasure inside me building. My hair is sticking to my face but I cannot move it away. He teases me, his hands dancing back and forth from my vulvae to my legs and straight back to assault my clitoris. The dark magic in his touch vibrates through me, a sinister twist that feels so wrong but so right. 

 Now sitting upright and in full view of me as I squirm against his grip, he plunges two large fingers deep into my soaked hole, curling his fingers to stroke me inside. I writhe as he fills me and intensifies his attack on my clitoris from both sides. I open my eyes and see him kneeling over me in dim light, in leering concentration, dominating my body and mind. The sun is rising and the scarlet realisation dawns that I am utterly helpless. I catch his intense gaze and cannot take it any longer – I explode into cascading tsunamis of extreme pleasure, tensing every muscle in my body and shaking every part of my soul. His magic vibrates through the bliss, delivering new reaches of pleasure and prolonging my ecstasy. I hear myself screaming but I am far away, with the stars.

 As I return to the cave I shatter into heavenly sleep. Fading away I feel his kiss. 

 Warm feathers embrace me.

 "I accept." He says.