 "You gotta be vigilant with Gobs. Gob blood will ruin a blade quicker than rust." Therian wiped down his sword with a dry cloth. Tiny green body parts intermingled all around him.

"It is because the blood is caustic. I once met a Monstrologist who described it as some kind of evolutionary defense mechanism. The Central Kingdom would hire sell swords to kill entire nest of Gobs, but it became economically unfeasible. You ended up spending a fortune on gear. I have been told this was how flame wands were invented."

Sohrab had unscrewed his glaive and was sliding it back into its sheath. He pulled a small clay flask from a belt stocked with dozens of small clay flasks, and after uncorking it dropped it down a burrow in the earth. A tiny mushroom cloud of blue flame shot out of the burrow and soon a crackling flame could be heard and smoking tendrils curled out of the earth. 

Therian sighed. "I was thinking about raising one of the baby Gobs as a pet. I could carry it in my pouch and feed it small scraps."

Sohrab's aviary eye scanned Therian. "I'll never understand your fascination towards raising baby monsters as pets. It is entirely unprofessional. These pests are nuisances wherever they are tolerated and spread like weeds"

Therian shrugged. "It is all a matter of perspective. We are all monsters to something. Think of it as a monster food chain, or web, or what have you. Besides, the tiny ones are adorable. "

Sohrab clucked. In battle, Sohrab's features were dragonlike, but after getting to know him, it occurred to Therian, that he resembled more a rooster in appearance. "I do not like this road you are going down my friend."

Therian sheathed his sword and gingerly stepped around the body parts. "We used to hunt trolls, wyverns, even, hels, pretty much anything that was above knee high! Look at us now. We're... pest control!"

"The Patriarch is dead, Therian, and we are hunted men now, men whose heads the Queen would gladly mount outside her bathroom window so that she could enjoy the view while she has her morning expulsion. Today you are not Operator and I am not a Gendarme; today we are Gob exterminators."

"You wish to hide forever, Gendarme of the Patriarch. You were once an Avatar, a favorite of his. We sat at long tables with great heroes. We fought great battles in service to a man who knew our worth, and we were rewarded with houses, gold, and women. Hels, I used to have a harem. And don't tell me you don't know how nice it was to have a harem, because you had one too."

"I wish to keep my head off a pike, Therian. The Patriarch is dead. His daughter reigns. And your plan is foolish. Travel the spokes all the way to the edge of the wheel, find this Great Beast and his motley band of mercenaries, and join forces with a thing she wants dead even more than us, which in my mind, is only a good plan if you happen to be suicidal."

Therian stopped. "Hels." 

The Basilikan studied him.

"Sephora's been taken."

"Where?" asked Sohrab. 

"Out of town, east. She's unconscious." 

"You think the mayor a thief."

"No," Therian shook his head growling. His canines extended, and his face became ursine. "No, the pissant doesn't have the balls for that. But someone has taken her, and whoever it is-I need to take a breath."

"You give that rage of yours too many liberties my friend. Bind it tight to you. Have you been doing your yoga in the mornings?"

Therian's hackles lifted. Yoga only made him angrier. He looked up at the bright moon. The lychozine was waning in his system. Only a few more pills left and not an apothecary in sight along the outer wheel. 

"Fine. We might as well find out what is going on with Sephora. I plan on hatefucking that lousy familiar when I get to her. If we are quick we can make it back for the bounty early morning, and then be out of town by noon."

***

Sohrab closed his beak, his forked tongue rolling back into his mouth. "I count five heat signature all orgren, not a full Warband, and a dozen other heat signatures, human females, and elf-bitches. No Wargs."

Therian took the goggles off his face. "Massive energy signature, infernal energy, has to be Sephora's, but she is moving South. I can feel her adrenaline which means she's being chased." 

"Looks like the orgren split up, they went chasing after Sephora, and left a rear guard to protect the booty."

Therian smiled. "Seph's a smart little fucktoy. Let's murder." Therian's irises were ice blue. He wasn't really angry anymore, instead, it was the excitement an actor feels right before walking onto the stage. He took a Sohrab trained breath, and his muscles slackened and relaxed, filling themselves with potential energy, about to go kinetic. Sohrab had left silently. His metatarsal spurred feet making whipping noises as he circled around to flank the camp. 

Therian burst into the light racing toward the five bodies his mouth opened wide, and gums pulled back in an ursine grin. The orgren bored and drunk didn't really notice him until his longsword erupted spectacularly from the front of one of their chests. The horse sized heart completely skewered became an erupting geyser of hot blood which rained over the three other orgren who looked on in drunken shock. The fourth fell to his knees when the tendons along his ankles were sliced open. Before he could scream, another dagger came downwards in a plunging manner cracking through the skull cap like the tip of a spoon might crack an egg, and separated the two halves of its bicameral brain. The orgren suddenly had difficulty telling the difference between sign and signifier as the left and right lobes of his brain were severed like a broken telephone line, but then the basilisk venom coating the blade began to melt its brain into a toxic stew. 

Now the three Orgren took their turn. To Therian seething mind each one moved as if they were in some sort of turn-based game. One turned towards the dying orgren behind him, while the two others turned towards the dying orgren in front of them. But Sohrab and Therian were operating in real time, and before they made their turns Sohrab had already danced past the orgren on his knees, under his grasp, and nicked the side of his thigh with his dagger.

Therian's face, bestial from bloodlust, roared. He was no longer a man but a dire bear. The orgren didn't have time to be frightened. He broke the first one, and body slammed him back into the fire. Bouncing off his body he moved, feigned under a stupified strike and unseemed the orgren from his belly up. The creature dropped his guard to grab at the entrails falling out of his shirt when Sohrab leaped on his back and began to shank him gruesomely. 

The orgren behind Sohrab was on the ground foaming at the mouth. The second Ogren, rolling around in the hot coals, squealing like a pig, kept trying to stand up and was pushed back down into the flames by a battering of swords. Soon the fire was smothered by the smoking body of the orgren. 

Thirteen scared elven and human eyes stared at Therian and Sohrab from the darkness. "Stay," growled Therian, and leaped past them into the woods. Sohrab retrieved his daggers and quickly followed. 

***

Sephora had Becca on her hands and knees; Her red nails pressed possessively into Becca's country girl ass. She savored the feel of every inch of her sensitive cock thrusting into her. It was fun being on the other side of things, Pillaging this young country girl's pussy, reveling in the power her newfound cock gave her. She grabbed Becca by the hips and started to fuck her. 

"Fuck you, Mayor Daddy's little good girl. You think I didn't notice you staring at me under the table. Judging me. Now, who is the fuck toy?"

"Sephora," Becca had a look on her face like she didn't recognize her anymore. Her fearful expression dissolved into blank expression and a mouth opening wide in a silent scream of pleasure as Sephora bottomed out inside of her. 

She rather liked having a dick. She liked fucking senseless bratty little town girls. She remembered Therian's cock hardening in her throat as he watched the shy little mayor's daughter hiding behind the mayor as he negotiated prices. 

She started to pound Becca with hard, violent strokes. She knew Therian would never let her keep it. 

Becca moaned helplessly. Tears of pain and pleasure flowed down her cheeks at this new experience. Sephora was merciless. The world she grew up in was one where girls were bought and sold as chattel. She now had the opportunity to share with Becca the feeling of total sexual subjugation. With each slamming of her hips, Sephora skin glowed like smoldering coals blasted with a bellows. 

Her tiefling cells were storing the sexual energy emanating from Becca and like a charging battery. Every fuck and every squeal were another positive charge. Her familiar coding limited the release of that energy to only things that served her master Therian, but she could justify saving herself from these orgren as serving her master. 

She bit her lip as she pushed Becca's breasts into the earth. "Get that ass up!" she growled in her best imitation of Therian and slapped the town girl's white ass. 

Becca squealed and obeyed, grinding her chest into the dirt and arching her ass into the air. She spit out a piece of grass attached to her lower lip. This helbeast was rutting in her like she was nothing but farm animal. Using her like some sort of sex slave, even though the Matriarch had outlawed female slavery. Becca spread her legs wider to give Sephora better access. She wanted this; slavery to Sephora, Therian, even the Orgren. She was no longer a child of provincial privilege, but just something to be fucked. 

The latent sexual energy was spreading around her. You could smell the air sizzling. The other captives were now busy moaning and playing with themselves and each other. The village girls kissing and stroking each other, suddenly awash in unexplained bisexual urges. Further, in the Elf-bitch pits, the bitches hair stood on end and their pussies began to drool.

The orgren grunted and pulled his cock out of the unconscious elf-bitch. He snorted and stared into the darkness at Sephora and Becca. At the moment, Becca came with a cry, and Sephora began to glow. Bright. 

The Ogren's eyes flashed open and he pulled out a broad dagger and started running towards the slave pit. Sephora smiled and came inside the crying girl. She reached up with one hand, the other one held possessively to Becca's ass, and threw a ball of flame at the charging creature. The blast knocked him back for a second, but the flash of light meant Sephora could see movement coming from the center of the camp. 

She used whatever she had left of her powers to ignite a mutation from memory. Bat wings sprung up from her scapulas. The Orgren were moving in on her quickly now. Their eyes focusing on the Tiefling in their midst. Sephora leaped into the air as the Orgren descended on the screaming girls. She wound her way through trees dodging crossbow bolts and headed North away from Therian. 

***

Therian and Sohrab stood amidst the carnage.

Therian cursed. It came out harsh like the sound of sandpaper on wood. "We'll never catch her at this rate. She's moving fast. Must be flying."

"And the orgren are chasing her." Added Sohrab. "And they move quickly when they are on a hunt." 

Therian smashed his paw into a tree. "Dammit," he growled.

Sohrab rolled his eyes. "Let us go back to camp. Sephora could not have channeled energy like that without finding someone to fuck. And your familiar safeguards wouldn't have allowed her to absorb power from an orgren. So she must have interacted with one of the girls back at camp." 

A few minutes later, Therian and Sohrab studied the scene. The elf sluts stared at them mindlessly drooling and waiting to be fucked like good pets. The five human girls looked at them with terrified expressions. 

"Looks like a slave raid. I wonder who they could be selling too out here." Mused Sohrab.

"Maybe they wanted the girls for themselves."

"No, they would have raped them already. They only used one or two of them." There were two of the girls from the village lying in the dirt around the fire. They were unconscious, naked, and their bodies were streaked with cum. 

Sohrab started to search the bodies. Therian saw a freshly fucked brunette in the pile of girls. 

He kneeled before the girl and reached out to grab her by the jaw until she was looking him in the eye. Slowly recognition began to dawn in her eyes. 

"You're the man from my father's village. Sephora is your pet."

"An Orgren didn't do this to you. You'd be mindfucked, barking, and drooling from both ends right now. You're drenched in infernal energy."

"Sephora, your familiar, she did this to me." Becca lightly bit Therian's finger. "I can't stop. I need it. My entire body is tingling. I feel charged up like a battery."

Therian laughed to himself. He remembered the innocent from a few days back hiding behind her father, a far cry from the slut who had wrapped herself around his leg. Therian held his familiar to a tight leash, but even so, she could still cause havoc. 

Sohrab came up beside him. "I found this on one of the Orgren's body. I now know what they planned to do with these girls. There's an entrance to the Dark Roads not far from her. It's a slave camp. Run by a minotaur." Sohrab looked the girls over. " I bet there is more gold in his coffers than any town mayor."

"Please, my father will pay you." 

Therian smiled. "Don't worry about your father. We're still not safe here. There's another pack of Orgren out there chasing my familiar through these backwoods."

"Your familiar, I thought she was trying to save me, but instead she just used me, and left me wanting more. Are you going to save me? Or are you going to fuck me too?" 

"That's right, Sweetheart, but until we deal with these Orgren, Sohrab and I are going to have to tie you up. For your protection. "

Sohrab already had the other girls recollared and in stocks. They were lead pliantly.

"Are we going home?" One asked. "Why did you lock us up again?"

Therian picked up Becca and carried her to the Elf-bitch pen. He laid her down around the encircling curious elf-bitches. "Until we come back. These elves are gonna take care of you." 

The elf-bitches pounced on the human girl, pushing between her legs, and lapping at every piece of exposed skin. As Sohrab and Therian walked away, they could hear Becca's squeals and moans in the distance. 

***

Sephora banked and swerved between pine trees. Beneath her, she could hear the howls of Orgren on the hunt. She had led them on a long winding circle away from the camp. 

She could feel the presence of Therian and Sohrab at the camp. It was nice to know that he cared enough to come looking for her. It was good timing. The energy she had absorbed in her sexual escapades was almost spent. Her wings would soon dissipate and then the orgren would have her. She knew what would happen then. 

She was closer and closer to her master and could feel his intentions. Her lips arched upward. 

She flew across a forest ravine and crashed into the brambles. Her wings dissipated. She was spent of energy. 

The orgren bounded and slowed on the other side of the ravine. A fallen log made a natural bridge. Sephora looked up panting across the bridge. They hesitated for a moment. Infernals who knew sorcery were dangerous, even to the giant orgren. Sephora pulled herself up to her knees. Her body was covered in streaks of dirt and small cuts. 

"What's the matter, afraid." She sneered at the beasts with fake confidence. 

The lead orgren snorted hungrily and started to cross the bridge followed by the others. 

As they approached and encircled the tiefling, their bodies relaxed as put up no resistance. 

"You cossed us lots trouble, helbitch, you pay." He grabbed her by the hair and lifted her until she was hanging from his hand. 

"We gonna fuck yor horny brains out of yor skull." He growled and grabbed her crotch. Saliva dripped from his green-hewed tusks. 

Suddenly a bestial roar echoed through the canyon. The orgren turned their head back and forth as a bear-like creature rose up from the brambles, a large broadsword in his hand. The orgren looked behind him at the ravine. Sohrab was standing on the other side. He shoved the log over the ravine so it clattered to the floor. The Orgren snarled amongst themselves, calculating their chances. They were trapped on the edge of the ravine. But there were seven of them against one strange beast, big and formidable as it was. 

For a second, the earth was still and then the Orgren leaped over Sephora at the creature. The creature smiled, revealing within its powerful jawline, rows of sharp ursine fangs, and leaped forward. 

The orgren were used to fighting men. Creatures that were a head shorter and substantially weaker. When the were-bear and the Orgren's swords collided, his weapon was swept aside like trees in a tropical storm, and before he could register surprise, his jaw was cleft open. 

The orgren were no cowards. They fought on without fear, but they fell quickly. From across the ravine, at their backs, Sohrab had an easy time picking them off with a bow. Therian was a raging, dismembering tempest in front. The fight pushed what was left of the Orgren to the back of the ravine, and the finale was one Wilhelm scream as the last Orgren was forced off the cliff to his death. 

Sephora raised herself on unsteady legs and ran into Therian's arms. Her face rested against his heaving chest. She looked up at him and smirked. 

"You rescued me. I think you're getting sentimental."

Therian growled. "You caused me a lot of trouble little slut."

***

Sohrab had made quick work of the town girls. He stripped them of their clothes and made them lie on their back in the Elf-slut pens. Using the hemp rope, he had bound them together in a line, tightly locking their knees to their shoulders, which opened up their pussies and assholes. Bound together with their legs over their heads and their asses in the air, they made a perverse trough for the eager Elf-sluts who scampered up and pressed together to get access to their slits. Soon there were six panting and screaming town girls, their stomachs muscles twitching from the assault, with six brain-dead Elf-slut mouths madly latched to their pussies. 

Sohrab moved up and down the line, inspecting the girls as they squirmed. "This one has nice tits," he crowed. He tapped her face with his cock, shaking her from her orgasm revelry, and she dutifully sucked. 

"I'll have to try all their mouths though before I make an assessment on their worth." He moved down the line and shoved his cock into the drooling mouth of a willowy young girl whose eyes had rolled into the back of her head. 

Therian sat back against barrel resting. Sephora stood next to him and smiled. Between his legs, Becca was bobbing up and down, her eyes a mixture of fear, desire, and submission. Sephora's talons were wrapped in Becca's hair and she forcefully pulled Becca back and forth on Therian's cock. 

"Thank you for rescuing me, Boss. I promise you her pussy is nice and tight."

"Sephora, have you been fucking the town girls? We talked about this."

"Boss, it was a matter of life and death."

Therian rolled his eyes. 

"Shall I get her pussy wet for you master. I can lick her if you like."

"No Sephora, you made us some coin today; you deserve another reward. Put her on her back." 

Sephora happily guided Becca to the ground, and sat over her face."

"Lick slut." She commanded, and Becca, who at this point was coming to terms with the realization that her life was going to go in a far different direction than she had predicted, started to lick. 
