 Edited by Nightbird

Okay let's recap; in part one I told you how my dead brain was kidnapped and I was offered the chance to live again as a Bonded Immigrant on a star system one hundred and twenty-seven light years away. And I wasn't the only person who was taken this way, seems the Company; a conglomerate of several corporations has taken over a thousand humans from Planet Earth. For the post part they refer to us as "Protected Planet Earth" as if that is much of a description, but there are many other planets named after the surface covering. 

They took a sample of my DNA and filtered it so that I would not come down with any hereditary diseases to live longer. The cloned body was also given some body modifications, sculpting, and mind language training so that we could quickly fit into their society as low level workers. The only choices I had were unskilled Labourer or Prostitute. And since they knew I frequented sexual submission websites and chat-rooms, well it was enough for their "Human Recourses" Department to match my job profile. I was a Class Ten Prostitute, a lowly sex slave there to be spanked, tormented, and endure whatever humiliations to be unloaded on me. Worse still when I was raped by an Android they knew I was ready to go to work for the lowest paid visitors to the Corporation's Anything Goes Zone, Heredshe spacewomen.

The Heredshe are a planet where, well the humanoid women are the dominate species. It is possible for other humanoid men and women to have sex with them, but it is a different experience. At any rate I soon learned that the starport's medical facility I was kept at was also the holding area for thirty other Bonded Immigrants from the Protected Planet Earth. The lot of us were kept for ten days while we were being "checked-out" for medical problems. Surprisingly the whole lot of us were to be transferred on the same day to the Boom-Boom Room. A quaint entertainment facility; that was on the outer border of Central City's space-port and gateway to the Freedom Quadrant of the City.

The Boom-Boom Room was originally a bar with half a dozen back rooms where prostitutes had eager patrons ready for a quick fuck. That was over a hundred years ago, now the place was a multi-level complex about the size of an average five star hotel. It reminded me of the Watergate Hotel for some unknown reason.

So while we all come from a planet called Earth, we then became sex slaves on the planet Free Skies. Capital City, Central City, population forty million, talk about interesting names. Free Skies is a member planet of the Coalition, which is made up of about a dozen inhabited solar systems. Transporting of bonded sex slaves was like something out of an Anne Rice novel; we were hung up on hover-racks to be taken in one long chain for a five block move to the Boom-Boom Room. 

My only belonging was my lap-top which was clamped to one side of the rack while my wrist and ankles were pulled apart suspending me on a flying X. At least I wasn't hanging upside down. The only nice thing was that I and everyone else was wearing the flimsy cloth bikini bottom held by strings. Six men and twenty one women, and from what I could see, we were all from Earth.

"Hey," said a blond woman on the next cart, "I'm from Detroit."

"I'm from Chicago," said a guy a little ways over.

"Seattle."

"London, England," called another from the back.

"I'm from Edmonton, Alberta," I called. "That's in Canada."

"Well we ain't stupid," another voice called back.

"By Koon's Flaming haemorrhoids," bellowed an authoritative voice. A firm hand smacked me on the bottom and I saw our lead wrangler looked very concerned. "You people are all Bonded Sex Slaves, you should be ashamed of yourselves, now shut up while we move you to your new home."

"Well some of us are excited and want to be here," a defiant voice called back.

This made the overseerer even more upset as a few others agreed and began talking to their neighbours as if being carried off in public was an everyday thing. I kept my mouth shut, I was at the head of the line and the guy was standing right behind me. This guy looked like the classic overseerer, six foot two, thirty pounds overweight, wore some sort of a uniform, including a well worn leather bomber jacket. He even had a pistol of some sort on his hip, which was on a utility belt which held several pouches. He was talking into his cell phone because this was a little beyond him. 

I later learned that the Company usually might have about as many as six bonded sex slaves transferred from other cities or in-system. To most locals of Free Skies being so dead flat broke that you have to prostitute yourself to this level was utter shame. I guess coming from sexually repressed Earth the idea of being a 24/7 sex slave openly is rather exciting. Some folks would even pay for that to happen.

"Alright take off your belts and give them all twenty," the Overseerer called as the frames suddenly bent over and us too presenting our asses in the air. "Take their panties off too," he ordered as he pulled mine off. "We'll take them over naked."

"All of them," asked one of the guards who struggled with his pant's belt.

"Hey you need a hand," asked a group of Space Marines who were passing by carrying their duffel bags. "You got lots of ass there to handle."

"You won't have to even pay me for helping," said another who openly groped Seattle's behind. "Just let me stuff my gun into this pretty one right here, right now."

"What are you doing Lance Corporal," bellowed an even louder voice.

"Helping the civilian handle these bonded sex slaves, SIR!"

"You're disgracing the Uniform."

"I'll gladly take it off sir."

"You'll do no such thing Lance Corporal. Now pick up your things and move along with your mates. You don't want me to report you after such a long voyage do you?"

"No sir," I couldn't see him move away. "And thank you sir," he called back.

"You there," the Officer called.

"Yes sir," said the Overseerer. A belt smacked me smartly across the bottom, "eyes straight ahead."

"Do you have a permit to," he paused for a moment, "do whatever this is."

"Yes sir, here's my permit. This is the accepted method of transporting Bonded Sex Slaves, Class 10. Very un-rudely lot sir. And these Earthmen, well they just need the discipline. I have a robot runner bringing some extra discipline equipment, gags and butt-plugs all round."

"Why so many."

"The Unofficial Earth Contact Law sir. For a year we've been allowed to make contact with Earth and have immigrants. Except nobody but the Company found a way to get them over. These people actually want to be here."

"Darn right," said somebody further down, who obviously hasn't been paddled yet.

"And you got all of them here," asked the Officer.

"Well the Company has thirty for Central City sir. Each major city got about thirty, another twenty or so for the orbital cities. Actually about thirty-five hundred in this first lot."

"First lot," the officer said after a long pause.

"Look sir," said the Overseerer, "all I was told for the next year every three months we can expect three to four thousand. It's no big secret."

"I'll have a platoon of Space Port Police here to escort your party. I'll post an official memo, either one handler per slave, or request an escort for this large amount."

With the help of the police the lot of us were paddled, gagged, and a rather uncomfortable plug went up our rectums. I guess one slave might not cause too much attention, but it was like a circus parade as we were moved through the foot-paths of the spaceport. What I didn't know was that we were in the "X-Rated" section of the Spaceport. Three quarters of the spaceport was no different than say an airport. Regular airports had families with their children. The X-Rated section did not. A practicing nudist could strip down to their boots and walk to the Free Section of the city. The Free Section of the City was that secluded part of the city where people could practice complete sexual freedom. It was strictly adults only, and parents with children were not even allowed in there. Mom and Dad were devoted to each other, or at least till the youngest kid turned twenty-five.

We were taken to a complex called the Boom-Boom Room. The main feature of the building was a large light statue of a set of hands playing boom-boom on an equally large bottom over the main doors. One at a time we were taken off our platforms and lead past the leers and gropes of the patrons to a spanking post where a good paddling was delivered. It was such a blurry nightmare of faces, laughter, and loud blaring music that it didn't take much to have me crying. A more life-like android then carried me to my room.

So there I was, dumped into what was my home till I either earned my way out or was promoted to a better class of brothel. For the most part I had no idea what the time was, but law is law and the robots kept track of my time card. My room has an android that makes me move. So here's how my so-called day went.

