 So after I found myself spending four days at the hands of a Heredshe woman cooped up inside my room you would think I would get a day off to re-cooperate; no such luck. All she wanted to do was, eat, screw, watch TV, sleep, and occasionally use my exercise equipment for morning workouts. Five minutes before she left she bent me over the spanking post, one very hard smack on the bottom, and then took a souvenir picture of my ass. After she left I was ready for a nice trip to the dark-room and rest, but when I stepped out of the dark-room Mandy the Android was waiting for me.

For the most part Mandy the Room Android looked like a naked woman. She had a synthetic body covering or cyber-skin that had a nice warm touch to it. She was based on a Free Skies woman and for the most part a pale hairless Caucasian skin. Her body was slightly inflated making her look more like a slightly overweight Heredshe woman. They knew I was not sexually attracted to fat women and were working to get me out of that bad habit with a client. However this time she was dressed in what looked like a mock navy uniform complete with Petty Officer stripes.

"Get dressed the Fleet is in," it ordered tossing me a pair of white cotton string bottoms.

"Aren't I suppose to get time off for rest and study," I asked it as I reluctantly put on the bottoms.

"The company will bank your time," Mandy told me as it held up an odd looking uniform. "Section 208-112-B maximum work time is ten days, then you get three off. Now put this uniform on."

I suppose what I was putting on was the Companies version of a Class Ten Prostitute uniform. Skin tight navy blue pants with faired bell-bottoms, slipper-like black shoes, a navy blue shirt that looked something like out of the Navy, and an odd cap. I looked in the mirror and to me I looked like the chorus line to The Pirates of Penzance. 

"What in the name of Great Goddess am I wearing?"

"A stylized Space Navy uniform," chuckled Mandy, "very popular among Space Personnel from the Middle Kingdom. It was first made popular by the Notorious Courtesan Nevjix Sweet two hundred years ago. You'll fit right in with all the other Class 10 Prostitutes on the Foredeck Bar. It has a very nautical look to it. Now come along I'll show you the way, and don't worry I'll be nearby to lead you back."

"Well," I stammered as I followed it, "what am I suppose to do." For the first time I stepped out of my room, the hallway looked different, and crowded as Androids were leading their charges out of the room.

"Find a sailor and take him home," a rough robotic voice said behind me as it gave me a swift slap in the rear. "Mandy," the male android called, "don't let your boy wander around." He too wore a Navy uniform and pushed by me leading the girl I knew as Seattle by the writs. She too was wearing the same kind of uniform I was wearing complete with slightly swollen ass.

"Yow," I cried as Mandy grabbed me by the ear and lead me along the corridors. I glanced about and noticed a good number of Earth men and women were with us.

We were lead along and pointed to enter a side-door that lead into a long room. To my right was a long bar, smooth marble very dark natural wood below, above the bar pictures of starships, men, women, sailing ships, and well nautical look. The bartenders were androids who were dressed like turn of the century bartenders. Four feet to my left was a series of floor to ceiling mirrors that covered the whole wall.

"Finally a mirror," said Seattle as she adjusted her breast inside her uniform. 

"Hey Edmonton," a voice called to me, "I'm from Pittsburgh." A young black man waved to me.

"Oh," I said intelligently, "hi," I waved back.

"Say," he asked as he jutted out his behind, "does this uniform may my ass look fat." A few people laughed.

"No," I chuckled back, "makes it look very spank-able." A few people laughed and one tried to swat Pittsburgh on the behind.

"This is one weird place," another male prostitute was looking about, "what's with this mirror."

"Probably a two-way mirror," I said, "could be a room full of real space sailors looking at us right now."

A few of the other prostitutes laughed and made funny sexy moves in order to sell themselves. I and a few other Earth types turned, leaned against the bar and looked at the Androids. I scratched my chin and wondered what to say.

"First drink is on the house," said the android across from me which sported a large handlebar moustache. "Anything else comes out of your private accounts." He leaned forward for emphasis, "and you low level deck cleaners have zero for credit."

"Well now," I said as I held up my pathetic six ounce beer and downed it in one gulp. "Can I sing for my next song?" That froze the android. I turned to the mirror, "what if me and my fellow Earthmen sing for our drinks?"

"Sing what," said Pittsburgh as he wildly looked about. "Only songs I know are in Earth English," he whispered.

"I got it covered," I said with a smile. Then to the audience, "we're going to sing an old navy sailing song that my father taught me. An old song that is so old and lost in memory but my comrades in the army would sing over our drinks." I then turned to the android, "what about that." I added in a whisper for whoever was watching, "the song is royalty free."

"Alright," said the android in a clear non-robotic voice, "the patrons will pay for your song. But if you sing in Earth English; and you will be spending time in a public torture booth." Public torture booths were scattered throughout the complex, punished slave would stand buck naked hands tied, mouths gagged, and a dildo pillar up the ass. Anybody walking by can play with you free of charge. Some courtesans would deliberately break a rule just to attract attention and clients. For us new guys, we didn't want the experience.

"Okay," I said turning to the other Earthmen, "I learned this song while serving as a wine server at a Navel Officer's Dining Lounge back on Old Earth. Three brand new junior officers stood up and sang this song. I'll take the lead; you guys come in on the chorus, and try to follow the dance moves."

"Away away with the," cripes, I can't say fife, a fife is an earth slang for bag-pipes, got it. "Pipes and drums, here we come full of," Rats Rum is an Earth drink, "beer," let the last word hang, what comes next. "Looking for women to paddle our bums, in the North," cripes Atlantic? Think fast, "Ocean Squadron."

"Okay everybody repeat after me," I told the others. 

"Away, away with the pipes and drum. Here we come, full of beer. Looking for women to paddle our bums in the North Ocean Squadron." It didn't take much for everybody to turn to one side and lightly paddle each other's bum.

"The Cabin-boy," I lead in the next stanza, "the cabin boy, the dirty little," cripes I can't say nigger for lots of reasons. However, "boy-toy. Shoved a glass, ups his ass, and circumcised the skipper!" I half figured circumcision was common and somewhere I heard the expression skipper. 

I went through another stanza I knew and we then resorted to repeating the chorus a couple times. The bartenders served us drinks and Pittsburgh tried a few sailor songs he knew when he was growing up. Seattle nudged me to try more but by that time the glass windows folded like a large set of venetian blinds and moved aside. A huge throng of mostly men and women cheered. It was my first time we ever met anybody from the Middle Kingdom.

No need to get too technical, the Middle Kingdom's main star is a very bright white star which washes the planet in a very bright light. Add to that the thirty-six hour day and all the inhabitants are naturally baked. Very dark negro skin, and eyes that are dulled by the bright light. Practically no irises at all just these milky white eyes looking at us like a bunch of Zombies. It didn't take then long to rush on over and pull us to various tables. Four guys near the front rushed forward and carried me off into the hall.

"Quick cabin-boy where's your room," said one roughly.

"Don't we want a drink first," I asked.

"Don't try to be funny," said another, "we don't want anybody out bidding us."

"He's in the Mandy Room," said Mandy the Android, "Mister Jones is my occupant. I am Mandy the room android."

"Sure thing babe," the first smiled at it. "Just get us there before some over-paid ground-pounder gets to him."

"Oh sir," said Mandy, "or should I say spacemen, we have plenty of Earth types here."

"We checked the news coming in," said the second who squeezed my bottom as we shuffled along. "You guys only have ten men, twenty women, and all we can afford is five credits each."

"Well I counted nine," said another, "you guys save the best one for the Officers?"

"No way pal," said Mandy getting into a sales mood, "three of our shipment turned out to be Wizards."

"WIZARDS," they all said almost dropping me.

"Screening process," said Mandy, "let me assure you here; Mister Jones aside from being a bit of a smart-ass is no man of talent. And he has a bottom that asking for more than just a paddling," she lewdly grabbed one by the crotch.

"Well we are all followers of the god Symore," chuckled the ones who kept grabbing my ass.

"Symore," I asked

"Symore, youngest son of the great all-father," recited Mandy. "He was different among the god but a crafty warrior who gained respect even though he practiced homosexuality. He is the god of homosexual warriors and sailors."

"Away away with the pipes and drums," chanted the group as they went to my room.

Once we got to my room two of them wandered about the room while the other two bent me over the ottoman spanking post. I knew better to stay in place as my pants were pulled down and panties unlaced. One stopped and began spanking me while two other fought over my panties.

"Hey look at what I got," said one waving my panties about, "slave goody covers."

"Not fair Lennie," said the second, "you took those while I was positioning his tight pants."

"Well fuck you Gibbs," said Lennie, "these sweaty things are mine."

"You can purchase slave goody covers at our gift shop," chirped Mandy.

"Yea but I took them off Jonesy here," said Lennie. "That's different."

"Dig the entertainment centre," said the first who adjusted to full size and had a fast sports game on. "

"Hey dig the kitchen," said another, then to Mandy, "can you whip us up something to eat."

"I'm sorry that's not my function," explained Mandy, "Jonesy here can cook for you."

"Not a bad idea," said the Spaceman from the entertainment area. "And get me a beer too." Tentatively I got up and reached down for my trousers.

"Leave the pants off bum-boy," said Lennie harshly, "you know what we are here for."

My butt cheeks clutched together as I wondered what kind of gang-bang I was going to be on the end of. I went to the kitchenette and checked the contents of the fridge. The deep fryer was at the ready, flap chips, (a local version of fried,) and fish fillets were prepared and ready to cook. 

"Flap chips'n fish," I asked the third who was piling up on beer bottles for his friends, "sir?"

"Me mates call me George," he told me. "Yea, fish sounds great. Gift from the gods, Symore says good for the health and body."

I piled the fish and chips into their separate cookers and set the timers. The four were involved on the separate screens of the entertainment centre. I grabbed four more beers and headed back to the group.

"Okay," I smiled as the perfect host, "Flap chips'n fish will be ready in a few minutes. I have more beer here."

"Hey you only have three chairs facing the television," said Lennie who was standing to one side.

"Well you can sit back here on the sofa," I suggested since the sofa also faced the entertainment centre.

"Well maybe I have a better idea," said Lennie who walked up to me and hugged me in his arms and roughly kissed me on the mouth. "Where's the bedroom."

"This is an efficiency apartment," I half gasped with excitement. These four Middle Kingdom Spacemen wore rough navy blue uniforms similar to what I wore, but loosely fitting. Instead of slippers, rough combat-like boots, battered caps, and peacoats. They aroused me and I couldn't hide it. "The sofa folds into a bed."

"Then get to work and open it boy-toy," he told me as he released me.

I turned around, bent over, and opened up the sofa and revealed the freshly made bed. Mandy must have changed the sheets they were navy blue and smelled very fresh. Lennie must have used that time to remove his belt and undo his trousers, he pushed me forward and was on top of me. I struggled, (but not too hard,) as he was able to hold both my skinny wrist in one hand as he used the belt on me upturned ass. I practically screamed as two rough fingers tried to ram into my asshole.

"Fuck this boy is warm and dry," cursed Lennie to the others.

"He's not a Heredshe who's rectum get's moist when aroused," explained Mandy to my defence. "You will have to lubricate it."

"Just lick his ass," said Sofa-boy, "you kiss ass to Lieutenant Wilma often enough."

"Fuck you," Lennie cursed back. Then to Mandy quietly, "okay how do you lube him? Or do I rub some stuff on myself?"

"Here's a nice medium size butt-plug lube applicator," suggested Mandy. "It's loaded with Sea Breese Scented lube. Or would you prefer something with an aphrodisiac added in to make him work harder."

"Work harder," asked Lennie and Sofa-boy.

"Earth boy-toys are true submissives," explained Mandy in a tone that embarrassed me. "Fuck them in the ass hard enough, and long enough and you'll make him have an orgasm."

"Ohhh," laughed Sofa-boy, "I bet the Heredshe women hate that."

"Most certainly," continued Mandy, "I've had to give Jonesy here six with the discipline cane on several occasions for that offence in the presence of our Heredshe clients."

"Hey let's make a bet on that," shouted George. He calmed down, "first guy who makes him cum gets to give him a long sexy spanking."

"More like give you a spanking," said Gibbs, "you want a roll around the rigging."

"How bout he gives us something," said Lennie.

"What you want his pants too," asked George.

"Naa the sexy shirt," said Sofa-boy.

"How bout I kneel before the winner and give him oral sex," I suggested.

"What's oral sex," asked Sofa-boy after a long pause. "Is that like kissing or something?"

"You know oral sex," I said, looking to Mandy who remained motionless. "Well it's something like, what I do to women to make them cum, but well, I don't get satisfied like you guys will when you take me up the ass."

"I'm not sure if Symore would approve," said George, "but if we don't like it, it's punishment for you."

"Okay put the sea breeze shit up his ass," said Sofa-boy, "no need for him to enjoy it too much."

The boys were pretty happy and I raised my ass up to receive their attentions. Their cocks felt like billy-clubs going into me. I gasped with pain but the lube helped and I found myself clenching my ass and enjoying it. By the time the second Spaceman finished I found myself arching myself up to get the next one into me faster.

"You realize," Mandy whispered into my ear, "if they don't like oral sex, or if it is no part of their religious practice you will be spending eight hours in punishment."

I didn't need to hear that. Was I making some kind of cultural/religious social mistake? It was hard to even consider the consequences of my actions I was so caught up in the pain, sex, and pleasure of what I was feeling that my mind was exploding. Mandy's hand reached under me and caught my penis.

"And Mister Cupf wins," she called holding up her hand dripping with my cum. The humping on my ass stops and I turn to see who it is: Lazy-boy.

"Do you want to hold that off," I asked as I felt his penis go limp in my ass.

"I don't know," said Sofa-boy. Or maybe I should call him by his real name Mister Cupf. He pulled out of my ass and laid down on the bed besides me. 

The others were more curious about my cum for some reason. Lennie scooped a drop of it with one finger. After tentatively sniffing it, he tasted it.

"Hey it's true," he laughed, "Earthmen do taste like salt. SHIT!" 

The other two had to take a taste for themselves. Mister Cupf waved Mandy to bring her hand to him and he took a greedy lick with his tongue. He made an odd face.

"I don't believe it," he cursed, "last time I tasted another man's cum was when the High Priest punished me by ordering me to lick his well-fucked asshole."

"So is it against your religion for a man to kiss him," I asked as I uncomfortably sat up and looked down at him.

"Oh no," said George who moved to a chair across from the bed and was watching. "We have lots of passages in the Book of Symore that talks about kissing. People kiss all over."

"Problem with the Book of Symore is no illustrations," said Gibbs, with a sigh. "Meanwhile Gerald the Adventure has a complete set of illustrations of the various women he's conquered and then how Queen Zola captures him."

"True Morality there," said Mister Cupf as he reached down and scratched is balls, "the bigger they are the harder they fall." 

Mister Cupf was in some respects a slob. He was still wearing his white cotton boxer-shorts. Pants around his ankles, shirt, tie and boots still on; I shuttered to think about socks. I would have to show tact if I was going to do his correctly.

"Why did you keep your underpants on?"

"So that nobody could fuck my ass without asking," he smiled. "Unless you want to kiss my ass," he added turning over and pushing his ass into the air and wiggling it.

"I do sir," I said and kissed his cloth covered bottom. I reached down and began unlacing his boots. "Let me make you more comfortable."

In a move that was probably well practiced he turned shot his left hand out and grabbed me by the ear. Even though his pants were around his ankles with me on top of him he sat up and faced me. There was cold anger in those cold empty eyes and an expression of pure hate on his face.

"You try anything funny boy and I'll beat you to a pulp."

"No sir," I gasped. I nearly pissed the bed right there. "There is four of you, and the Company will punish me in way long after whatever beating you guys give me is healed. I'm a lowly Sex Slave here to treat you like, an officer. I just want you to feel more comfortable while I give you oral sex. Sir," I added humbly.

"Well now," he smiled letting me go and leaning back. "Just show me how you would give an officer oral sex."

This took me right back to the days when I was in the Royal Canadian Army Cadets. Many of the Non-Commissioned Officers who trained us we're like the soldiers from the Middle Kingdom. One moment a harsh cruel instructor who would threaten to beat you silly. The next moment as gentle and kind as your big brother helping you with your homework; that gave me an edge. I knew these people; they wanted a good time on the cheap.

Once I had Mister Cupf undressed from the waist down I started kissing his ass in earnest. I've seen enough National Geographic I assumed he was like a Human, but Cupf and others like him had body hair all over. Also like previous clients who just came out of Spaceport Quarantine his body tasted like that soap they use. It also seemed the cracks of his body were not rinsed too completely. This made my dick go limp and Mandy picked up on it; at times my mouth was washed out with that foul tasting soap.

But I didn't let my dick going limp or the fact I have a very close audience spoil my concentration; I was going to make him cum in my mouth. His dick on the other hand was enormous; turned out social services was pretty good and as kids they had counselling on Penis Envy. I couldn't tell if he had any enlargement surgery or not; and I gave it a very good and close examination. All four of these guys was twenty centimetres or more and circumcised. Mandy trained me on how to deal with un-circumcised people.
