 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses sure had me figured out. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

Major Jane Speedwell has waved to right to have another Earth Male Sex Slave for a month and keep me for one week. She then took me to Prince Otto's private yacht the Pricilla, a hot pink 400 ton speedster outfitted for private functions. Her crew of the ship was small; Bill the Chief Engineer, Soupy the Systems Engineer, and Laura General Starship Tech. Jane herself was the ship's pilot and navigator. Bill and Soupy were both from the Middle Kingdom very dark Africans but with almost blank eyes. Laura was from Free Skyes and had very pale human complexion. Jane on the other hand was from Vacation Planet 228, she was about my height, very blond, and a golden tanned skin.

"Well the ship is ready to go," said Bill as he led the group into the cargo bay. "We're waiting for the Pilot/Navigator."

"Well that's my job," said Jane.

"What do we do with cutie-pie," asked Laura who had take over leash duties.

"You get those diapers I sent?"

"Sure."

"Don't forget to use the changing table. Keep his hands tied behind his back. When nobody wants to play with him bend him over the spanking post. And I guess his battle station is the life-pod."

"Why keep his hands tied behind his back?"

"Because," said Jane as she pumped my stiff cock, "we can play with him. But he can't" she let go of me and I found it difficult to keep my hands at my side. The three crewmen looked at me with wicked smiles.

"Right," said Jane as she loudly slapped me on the bottom, "let's get this show on the road. Laura since you like playing with Al, put a fresh diaper on him and..." she smiled. "Restrain him in the co-pilot's seat; I don't want him touching anything just enjoying the view." Then to Bill, "we're going to Vacation Planet, I need to visit my family can we pick up anything to transport there?"

"How much time in port do we have," he asked.

"Ahh," she sighed, "give me an hour to take a shower. Oh Laura, the toy needs to be bathed too, a little accident."

"Do you want me to bath him," Laura asked as she pulled my hands behind my back.

"Can you guys get along without her," she asked Bill and Soupy.

"Naa," they laughed jokingly.

"Two hour window," said Bill checking. "I'll check with the Independent Cargo lines, you start up the systems."

Walking barefoot through a starship is not what I call recommended travel. The floor gratings are rough on the feet, cold cross-hatched metal floors, synthetic rubber floors, then through a set of doors to some very soft carpeting. I didn't have too much time as I was bent over a spanking post while the two undressed.

"Get that gem out of his ass," Jane ordered Laura. I felt Laura's rough working hands push my cheeks apart and grab the butt-plugs base and pull. After having a small, (yes I'm a virgin,) butt plug up my ass for the past three hours my sphincter muscles had closed tightly on the base and the wide part became difficult.

"Yum," laughed Laura, "what a nice tight asshole."

"Ouch," I whimper, "please Mistress gently please." The plug came out with a loud fart that made the two laugh.

"He's getting a diaper rash," said Laura, "want me to give him an enema and maybe some medication."

"He's part Ancient," laughed Jane as she examined my sore ass. "See the caning I gave him last night is healing fast. Oh naughty boy. He had to ditch the diaper last night. You didn't wipe yourself very well. Make sure that part of him is very clean darling."

"Oh," sighed Laura, "yes Mistress."

"Maybe I should list you as chief diaper changer on the ship's manifest," said Jane as she led me by the ear into the old style bathroom.

"Please Mistress not that," pleaded Laura. "You just can't."

"Laura," said Jane giving her a stern look, "if I can list Soupy as a fluffer, you can be listed as a Purser/Diaper Changer that fast. Why are you putting your hands behind your back," she said to me.

"Keeping them away from temptation Mistress," I said quickly.

"Stand against the wall hands over your head. Consider yourself shackled there. I see you not in that position then you will be shackled with a large post dildo up your ass." She pointed to the side where a flesh colored dildo on an adjustable stand stood.

The bathroom was actually a cargo container that locked on to the master bedroom which was a larger cargo container. Many parts of Middle Kingdom designed ships had interchangeable interiors. The bathroom could have been a dark room style high tech and high efficient system. The style of bathroom Jane preferred was a low tech design, flush toilet, and bidet, sink, shower for two or three, and a Victorian Bathtub to soak in. It strained the ship's water systems as it could use up to one hundred gallons of water an hour. The crew quarters was shared by the three fuck buddies, a small cramped room, and a general purpose bathroom also called a fresher. The fresher, was about the size of a small sink, toilet, show stall you find in one of those discount tailors. My guess there will be lots of traffic using this deluxe bathroom.

There was no curtain between where I was standing and watching Jane and her lesbian fuck-buddy Laura have a slow sensuous shower together. Jane was obviously in charge as she turned Laura around to expose her to me as they soaped and cleaned each other. About a half hour later my arms were tiring, but the thought of being impaled on that fat dildo kept me in place. Finally Laura came out of the shower, removed my cock-leash and lead me into the shower.

As the two soaped me down I was in submissive heaven. Two beautiful naked women touching me and bathing me. Laura made sure the crack of my ass was very clean as the soaped and scrubbed me there three times. I was close to having an orgasm as I was braced against the far wall warm water streaming on me as the two knelt against me. 

"Remember he's mine," Jane hissed at Laura before she sucked me into relief, but still tension as I stood against the wall. They then stood on either side of me. "Check and see if I did a good job in cleaning Laura's asshole," she instructed. I slowly sank to my knees as Laura turned to the wall and pushed her ass out to me. 

For some reason I couldn't help myself but to be a little cheeky as the Brits would say. I reached up, grabbed those beautiful mounds with both hands and pulled them apart making her gasp. I paused to look at her and did notice what were either brown stains or natural skin coloration.

"Ah gee Mistress," I said in a nerdy voice, "its kind' a hard to say. Her asshole, I can't tell if that's brown stains or natural skin color."

"Then stick your tongue out and taste it," Jane ordered.

Well you can imagine the long hard-on I had. I was sure I was looking at a simple skin condition common with most humans. I squeezed my face in began licking and hating the taste of the soap. As my tongue reached her asshole I felt something loose that moved away from her body. It probably was shit, but with all the soap in my mouth I couldn't tell. I pulled my face out and spat.

"Sorry Mistress," I said quickly as I obediently put my face back in. Jane's pushed my face back.

"What did you spit out?"

"I don't know," I answered truthfully, "all that soap something loose and clinging to her skin. I could search the floor of the shower and see if I could find it."

"Laura?"

"I was in the fresher having a bowel movement," she confessed. "When I heard your limo was on the grounds I quickly got out of there. I guess I didn't wipe myself completely."

"Well not I guess a suitable punishment is due," she smiled. "When you change my fuck-toy you will make very sure his bottom is very, very clean. You will lick it clean when you finish washing his bottom down. And I will inspect his bottom from time to time; I better find it clean and fresh smelling with menthol powder." That made me cringe, menthol always left a tingling sensation and almost burning on the asshole. "As for your bad toilet habits there will be a ship wide memo. Al how is your skills as a Sex-a-terry?"

"I have a four out of five general rating," I confessed, "my typing speed is slow Mistress please forgive me, I am trying."

"While Laura and I change into our work clothes you will use the bedroom's computer station to post a general memo. Notice: because of poor toilet habits Purser/Diaper Changer Laura will require inspection of genital every time she used the fresher's on board ship. She will not interfere with required work and will be asking off-duty personnel, including the ship's fuck-toy for a signed inspection report. Any uncleanlyness shall be put on report for review by the ship's Captain. Can you remember that or do I have to spank it into you." 

"Notice," I recited, 'because of poor toilet habits Purser/Diaper Changer Laura will require inspection of genital every time she used the fresher's on board ship. She will not interfere with required work and will be asking off-duty personnel, including the ship's fuck-toy for a signed inspection report. Any uncleanlyness shall be put on report for review by the ship's Captain." I blinked a few times, "holy cow, my memory is getting better."

"Good," she turned to the wall, "now let's see if you can inspect my asshole, with just your tongue, any of that grabby stuff and you will lose use of your hands when eating."

I didn't need to be told that as a submissive I enjoyed giving the kiss of submission. An old expression from the Middle Ages some monk wrote describing the dirty acts a satanic worshiper would do. The fact that Laura who seemed very likeable would make such a mistake made me worry about Mistress Jane. Too bad she couldn't read my mind; I would sink so low as to be her private ass wiper. She turned around as her perfect muff faced me. Before I could push my face in her gently lifted me to my feet and hugged me close.

"Well Laura," she smiles, "go do your first inspection."

"Captain the fuck-toy has a case of diaper rash," she said with disapproval.

"I know," she smile as she held me. "I have some special suppositories and I want you to put one up his ass tonight. Ancients don't get diaper rashes, but this stuff will make him shit and be very uncomfortable. Now start licking."

Maybe it's because I'm a submissive by nature that I don't exactly like having a tongue like my crack. Even in that steaming wet shower a warm wet stubbly tongue felt weird. I actually pulled away pressing my cock against the Captain's pussy. She reached down with one hand and pushed my ass out.

"Accept it," she told me, "or I'll have her do you till you have an orgasm." She then changed her mind and started jacking me off. "Stick your tongue into his asshole," she ordered. Laura tried.

"He's clenching Captain," Laura tattled, "permission to use fingers."

"Permission granted," ordered the Captain, "milk him."

In life there are two ways to do things, pleasant and unpleasant. You can get a pleasant spanking as a warm-up to sex. Or you can get an unpleasant bum beating as a form of punishment. Same thing with milking, unpleasant by having your prostrate massaged. And pleasant, being jacked off, fingered and ass kissed. I started changing my opinion of having my ass kissed that day.

"Wake up fuck-toy," Jane slapped my face, and shoved me towards Laura. "Dry him off, go write that memo," she ordered me.

Laura quickly dried me off and gave my bottom a slap towards the door. The main bedroom was a double A deluxe bedroom and had some interesting appointments. The king size four poster bed also had rings with shackles to bond slaves to. I knew I should quickly get to work and found the room's desk and a comfortable chair next to it. I flipped open the lid/monitor screen and activated it. By pressing my thumb to the sensor pad I felt a slight twinge of pain as a disposable needle took a sample of my blood and DNA checked me in. 

It gave my real name, Boom-boom Room designation, Shipboard Name, Fuck-toy; that made me blush. Then an open box asked if I had any other function. I typed in Sex-a-terry to see what would happen next. The screen changed to a standard secretary forum with a list of function. I pressed on Shipboard Memo and began typing. I was half way into the memo when an alarm sounded on the screen.

WARNING: your typing speed is substandard, please re-start the letter and do it faster or this machine will report your tardiness to the Ship's Captain. 

Or do you like getting the cane Mister Jones?

Things like that made me feel; uncomfortable. I looked about and saw cameras in the room. But nothing unusual seemed to be happening. Calming my nerves I wrote the letter again as fast as I could and waited to see what happened.

"BETTER," said the screen messenger, "maybe you'll just get a light punishment."

I was so confused by the message I didn't notice the Captain and Purser Laura came out of the shower and changed into shipboard uniforms. Purser Laura still wore her rumpled and dirty coveralls while Captain Jane changed into very clean black space-service coveralls. Laura lead me out of the room while Jane took over the desk to do some work. She smiled and seemed happy.

"Where the adult diaper changing table that was sent in here," Laura asked Soupy as she lead me into the cargo-bay.

"I put it in the infirmary," he grunted as he tied down what looked like a car covered in paper-tarps to the floor. "No way am I having smelly diapers in the lounge during breakfast. What's with you," he asked me, "infantilism?"

"No Master," I said quickly, infantilism was a dead no to me. "I accidently mentioned I was curious about diaper bondage. I'm sorry."

"Oh he's sorry," he laughed. "On our last trip I was the Purser/Fluffer. Boy-toy would be a better definition, the Captain had so many of her girl-friends over. Cured my curiosity, I'm staying a Dom, so I can't wait till I can see you Fuck-toy." Laura pulled me out of the bay. "I'll be needing to inspect you too Laura," he called after us.

"What kind of a ship is this," I had to ask as we moved down another corridor.

"Today it's a sex cruise ship," she said to me, "when Prince Otto's cousin is finished with it, it could be a fast trade runner, or just stored away for when he wants to go on a trip. It's a well made ship, it has been refitted several times, once even rebuilt from the frame up as an engineering project. The Pricilla is three hundred years old, and still in good shape." She lead me into the infirmary. "Good use of the space," she commented. "Took out the examining table and put this here." 

The table lowered itself to knee level and she pushed me backwards on to it with my ass on the edge. Magnetic grapplers lifted my legs into the air as the table rose itself to a level she could comfortably work at. Grapplers also pulled my hands over my head as she went to work. Oddly enough even the infirmary had mirrors and reflective surfaces. I could easily see my punished ass.

"Lift your hips so that I can slide this in," she said holding up another day-glow diaper. I complied and she placed it under me. She took a baby-wipe from the dispenser and wiped down my ass balls and cock. "Okay," she told me, "don't even think of lying, if anybody asks you just tell them what I did next." She started licking the crack of my ass and pulled away. "Yuck," she spat, "what is this stuff." She pulled the box of wipes out of the holder and looked at the label. "Doctor Dirty Sabath's multi-flavored adult baby-wipes, a new taste with every wipe for those who want to make sure baby's bottom is clean." She sniffed the wipe, "great I get fart flavored."

"So what were you expecting," I said in a cheeky manor, "lemon fresh?" 

Even after a couple hard slaps on the diaper positioned bottom couldn't help me from giggling as she went back to work. This time Laura got what she wanted; a taste of my seamen. She finished by kissing me full on the mouth, but I didn't have any of it shoved in my mouth.

"I could get use to this," she smiled to me. She then held up a suppository ball.

"Oh no not that," I begged. I groaned as I could feel the probe bring it deeply into me.

"Oh yes yes yes," she said. "When we make the run to hyperspace, everybody has to be at battle stations and suited up. The ship is de-pressurized in case of collision. So you will be in your diaper in the survival pod having a nice poop."

"Oh, ouch," I struggled as she poured a very liberal amount of menthol powder on my ass. "Not my balls too, oohhhh!"

"Stop being such a cry-baby," she said as she closed up the diaper and plastic pants. The grapples released me and she had me stand up. "Put the shoes on," she said pointing to a pair of dainty shoes.

"Those look like little girl shoes," I half cried. They were Mary-Jane's, a popular shoe worn by sissy-boys.

"Well you have three choices," she said, "four inch stilettos, to which the heels can get caught in the decking. Bare feet, which I know is uncomfortable. Or little girly-man shoes. I didn't know they came in Men's sizes."

"Thank you for the shoes," I grumbled as I put them on, "Purser/Diaper Changer."

"You bugger," she cursed and pushed me double on the table as she spanked my diapered bottom. Which due to the thickness of the diaper; only caused puffs of powder. She cursed, pulled down the diaper and paddled me again. It hurt like hell and that's when I noticed she was hitting me on the same spot over and over. I was squirming in pain as a red hand formed on my bottom. "Any more cheek from you and you'll be the evening entertainment with a good caning. Got that?"

"Yes Mistress," I whimpered.

"That Mistress Purser Laura," she told me. "Do I need to spell it out?"

"No Mistress Purser Laura."

"You are at the bottom of the pecking order," she added as she applied more powder to my ass and quickly dressed me. "So don't even try to make things rough for me, or I'll have you eating baby-food."

"Yes Mistress Purser Laura I will always respect you. Mistress Purser Laura."

"Alright this way to the bridge," she told me as she lead me up a ladder to the bridge.

It was not the spacious bridge of Star Trek or Star Wars you always imagined. It was dark and tight almost like the Nostromo from the movie Alien. I sat in the co-pilot chair and Laura locked me into the five point safety harness before she used some tape to tie my hands to the arm-rest.

"This is just a safety measure," explained Jane, "we've often had Otto's kids here, they can't resist touching the controls, even crawling on them and pressing their cute faces against the glass. And for some reason even the most respectable fleet officer when assuming the role of a 24/7 Sex Slave then to be cheeky. And you are a cheeky boy." She nodded to a TV monitor and a replay of Mistress Purser Laura getting mad at me was well recorded.

"I think she had the situation well in hand," added Bill with a chuckle. "You're lucky that wasn't me boy, I would have given you the belt."

"All complaints by the crew will be settled after dinner," said Jane quietly. "You have to agree my future husband is a barrel of laughs." The whole group laughed.

"How often does she see a psychiatrist," I had to ask looking at Bill and then Laura as they checked their stations.
