 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses figured me out pretty good. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

So we last left off my stalker, Major Jane Speedwell of the Space Commandos claims she's had a vision over a hundred years ago that I would become her first husband. She retired with the rank of Space Admiral, gave up her fleet and has become a commando. So there I am in a thousand credits a night, triple A hotel room; which can if you want have up to six Class One Courtesans, and a lowly Class Eight like me as a whipping boy/fluffer. But no, I was the main star as only Jane and I relaxed in a very soft, very big, four poster bed. She was so tired from fucking me up the ass she didn't even take off her strap-on harness which from where I lay must have cost a hundred credits in it alone. (Do the math, one credit, ten buck US, $1000 strap-on harness.)

I had been well beaten, well fucked, and actually ready to do it all over again. More than that at least Jane was able to tell me why I was not a pain or sex freak, I was like her, or part like her, an Ancient. Ancients were an older race of superior humans who did not die off during the Big Bang, but were merely hiding. What still confused both of us, how was the company able to bond my Earth Human DNA to Ancient DNA? It didn't matter much at that moment. All I wanted to do was to get out of the hands of a woman who was, well quite frankly as mad as a Hatter.

"Ready to go," she asked me as she sat up.

"As you wish Mistress," I said turning towards her, "do you want me in a different position." I turned over and offered my asshole in the Bitch Position ready to get fucked again.

"No," she said as she pulled on her bra. "We're leaving this place. There are too many ghosts in here. Mandy did you lay out my new uniform."

"Yes Major," said the ever efficient Mandy the Room Android. "Did you want me to lay out some travel clothes for Mister Jones? I could go to his room and fetch some."

"No I brought some travel clothes for him," said Jane as she grimaced and removed the plugs from her ass and cunt. "Pick him up and put him on that adult diaper changing table."

"Adult diaper changing table," I echoed, "Mistress please I don't need to.."

"You heard the lady," said Mandy grabbing me by the ear and half dragged half goose stepped spank me to sheer humiliation. It was a diaper changing table alright complete with a pile of adult sized glow-in-the-dark diapers with I belong to Jane Speedwell written across the ass.

"Do I need to use this," said Mandy as its hand grew into the size of a heavy paddle.

"No Mandy," I said submissively.

"Good boy-toy," it said to me as it picked me up and I was laid back on the padded table. It lifted my ankles and put them in stirrups. I felt so totally exposed and naked as Mandy turned on a lamp and examined me. "Major Jane," it called to her. "His body hair is starting to grow back in, do you want a chemical peel, he will not feel the removal." 

"No," she laughed, "in all my dreams I never saw him with body hair except for his balls, which I like to shave. I want to see him with some on. The Boom-boom Room can clean him up when I give him back."

"Behave yourself," Mandy warned and went back to packing.

"Well look at you," Jane smiled down at me ten minutes later. She had changed into a class A commando uniform with in an odd sense made her look like a Nazi from Central Casting. "Do you know what this is," she asked holding up a small brown object.

"A chocolate covered nut," I guessed.

"No talent at all," she laughed and used some sort of probe that she put it on and put it up my ass. "This will cause you some trauma, which as a Clairvoyant you would sense what it is for. Discomfort."

"Then why do that to me," I begged.

"Because you want me to torture and humiliate you. It's a suppository that will absorb in your body with your own waters, and any crap. It will fill you, and eventually because you are in diaper bondage, crap your diaper with. It is especially formulated for Ancients; you will get a very uncomfortable diaper rash."

"Oh, but why make something like that?"

"I know a few Ancients, who have a diaper fetish from one extent to another. For you it's the humiliation." She then put the diaper on me and snapped a clear plastic pant over it. "With the layer of plastic I understand you can get pretty uncomfortable with the body heat and sweat. So let's go." It was night out and I could see a hover-limo waiting on a platform that doubled for a balcony.

"Wait a minute where are we going please Mistress."

"I'm taking you to Vacation Planet 228, land of the Ancients. If I want to marry you I need my parents' permission. Now take my hand I will not let the wind blow you off the platform."

"Wait," I panicked pulling away, "you can't take me to see your parent wearing only a diaper, what would they think? Please let me go to my room and at least pack a suit. And my credit ring, I'll probably have to have a drink with your father, I'd look really bad if I don't pay for it."

"I'll get you something there," she said reaching for me.

"No please," I half cried dodging away and avoiding Mandy too.

"Oh alright," surrendered Jane, "let's go to his room."

"Please be quiet in the halls," advised Mandy, "it's 3AM and almost all the hotel is asleep."

"Spooky," murmured Jane as she adjusted her hat and we walked through the darkened hallway. Even the elevator seemed somewhat subdued. "Did I explain my hat to you," she asked me.

"Something to do with your powers," I said.

"Right," she agreed, "but it can't block Clairvoyance, that comes from everywhere and even these things can't block it out. As you get better at Clairvoyance, well it comes to you more often. For example on the floor outside this door there is a platform with a broken Android standing beside it."

"Broken," I chucked, the door opened and there was Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom's platform, it was empty and the android was lying on the floor.

"Prince Johnass has escaped," gasped Mandy. "AA-," it half wailed and then fell to the floor.

"I hope I didn't break it," said Jane as she adjusted a small pistol. "Help me drag it out of the elevator."

"But the Prince has escaped," I whispered not wanting to be stunned, "we should sound the alarm."

"We will but my way," she snapped and no longer seemed crazy. My stomach churner as I tried to tighten my asshole as I helped her move the inert heavy android. She led me to my room, "your room right?"

"Yes Major," I whispered and thumbed the door lock. After we got Mandy in I went for the light switch.

"Leave them off," she ordered as she fumbled with her communicator, "we're supposed to be leaving from my room. Hello, the cat is out of the cage, the cat is out of the cage."

"Jane I thought you were running off with you new man," said a voice on the phone.

"Wake da fuck up Otto, Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom has escaped. I need a warrant and some back-up now!"

"No problem I have two of my best people already in the complex. Do you have a computer with a printer?"

"How should I know, I'm in a smelly class D slave's room."

"Hey I cleaned this place," I snapped.

"Bend over the spanking horse and shut up," she snapped at me, "or I'll peel the skin off your ass." I bent over the spanking horse and kept my mouth shut.

"Is that Jones," said the voice, "all slave rooms have a computer and printer, I insisted on that rule."

"Yes sir I do," I said still bent over. "Permission to rise and fetch them Major."

"Get em fast," she ordered sitting on the couch and tossing her hat aside.

"Is he like you saw him," asked the voice.

"Yes and no," she said in a friendly manner, "he's younger than when I marry him. He's almost immature."

"That's because he's a very new slave," said the voice.

"Here you are Major," I said laying my lap-top and printer on the table.

"I guess you have some uses after all," she grumbled. "Get us some bottled water."

"You don't have to be rude," said the voice.

"I don't have time when it's this dangerous," she said fiddling with the laptop. "How's this."

"Fine," said the voice. With my lap-top opened the voice was that of Governor Prince Otto.

"Prince Otto," I gasped snapping to attention. "It is an honour to sever your Excellency."

"Leave the water and go bend over the horse," Jane said taking a bottle. I sighed and moved towards the horse.

"Nonsense let him stay," said Otto, "I can see he has military training, maybe he can help."

"Anybody call for back-up," said a masked man and feline as they entered my apartment. The two were dressed in black para-military clothing and armed with a variety of weapons.

"Jane, Pontiac," said Otto, "meet my operatives inside the Boom-boom Room; Anthony Del Torro, and Lady Fantomyia. Both of them have talent."

"Any idea when Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock escaped," asked Lady Fantomyia.

"I hardly recognized you with clothes on," I said to Lady Fantomyia.

"Don't be so familiar with her slave," said Anthony, "you are not even worthy to change her litter-box."

"Can it Anthony," said Jane, "he's my property."

"Put the Sex Talk on the shelf," ordered Otto. "Any idea how the Prince escaped?"

"The director, JT," I said, "he has to know what's going on. In fact I suspect he was using the Prince as his private Clairvoyant. The company is doing very well without an official clairvoyant while all the others have having a terrible time. My guess is he's letting the Prince out of the cage and play for information."

"So being up at this hour would be when the Prince would play," concluded Jane. Then to the others, "he's more than just a pretty face."

"Other pretty things too," purred Lady Fantomyia.

"Only a crazy man would dare let a psychopath like Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock out of his cage. So, who's got the Clairvoyance to know where he is?" The room went silent.

"I got an idea," I finally said. "Where's JT?"

"He's in his office," said Anthony checking his mini-computer. "There is also another person in there, readings look like an Earth Bonded Slave is with him."

"Can you tell the difference from say me and Jane here," I asked.

"Easy," he said checking his computer. He slapped the side of his machine, "funny, sensors say two Earth Humans in here."

"Okay go to his office and arrest them both," said Otto. The printer clattered away, "I'll be there in ten minutes."

"We've never been to the main office," said Anthony, "I guess Diaper-boy here can be our guide."

"You better find the rest of the elevators to the top level," I told them. "If JT gets a hint what's going on, he'll order every Android to attack us and cover their escape from the top landing platform. Maybe I can distract him while you guys cover his escape routes."

"Good idea," said Otto, "I'm sending a message to the Interplanetary Police; all air traffic will be shut down in five minutes. Jane you cover the front elevator, Anthony the service elevator, place should have one, and Lady rig a wide area Android disrupter. Al, go in there and arrest them. An Ex-Provo like you will be able to do that. Now move it."

"Wait a sec," I said as they all moved off. "What am I going to do? All I have on is a pair of diapers." Anthony and Lady disappeared like two people using a transporter. "You guys have Transporters?"

"No," said Jane grabbing me by the crotch and moving me into the hall. "Their talent is that they can teleport themselves. She's going to find parts to build an area Android disrupter. Anthony is looking for the service elevator. He came here posing as the Naughty Tech's Bank Flack. He's horribly in love with the Lady and jealous because she's interested in you."

"Okay," I said calming down as we headed into the elevator. "Can I borrow your hog-leg?"

"This is a gift from a friend," she gave me the heavy pistol.

"Six shot," I said looking it over, "44 Peacemaker?" I check the action, it was fully loaded with some odd-looking rounds but it seemed okay.

"The ammunition is too difficult to get," she said popping out a speed loader. "These are ten millimetre Teflon coated depleted uranium rounds." She reached around me and slipped the heavy speed loader between my bum-cheeks. I gasped, the darn thing was ice cold between my swollen sore ass.

"What da fuck," I gasped trying to move it off my skin.

"Besides reading minds, clairvoyance, seeing ghost, I can also do things to elements. I just made it a little cold. Don't worry I will not tamper the pistol. You're re-load will get warm soon." Her eyes flutters, "just don't kill them."

"What do you mean," I said as I stepped into the executive elevator.

"I don't want to lose you," she said moving close to me. "I just don't want to lose you to being sent to prison. No matter what they say or do, don't kill them."

The elevator door closed and I felt the two G push of the acceleration to the Director's Office. The office was dark; the only pool of light came from the main desk. I could smell the Cuban cigars they were both smoking. Off to the left was the landing platform where a hover limo waited.

"Who da hell is over there," demanded JT. I ducked down. "No toying around or I'll have you fired!"

"Oh hi," I said popping up and moving towards them. "Hey look the Admiral and I are playing hide-and-go-seek, and I hide here?"

"Sure," said Prince Johnass from the shadows. He stepped into the light. He was wearing a grey suit, smoking a Cuban cigar and wearing a gigolo ring.

"Nice ring," I said, "you going to be a gigolo too Prince?"

"Actually it's yours," laughed the Prince.

"Don't tell him what you are going to do," snapped JT. "Are you mad or something just kill him."

"Why would you two want to kill me," I had to ask.

"Haven't you noticed that all the male slaves have the same build as me," asked the Prince.

"Look we don't need to discuss this, the room is wired for sight and sound," warned JT.

"But I want to enjoy this," said the Prince, "I ask so little, and you can easily doctor the security tapes. After killing and burning Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom's body the fugitive Pontiac Jones escapes." In a sudden move he tossed the cigar aside leaped into a wild martial arts move and summer-saluted towards me. I ducked as fast as I could as he sailed over me, two more summer-salutes and landed.

"He's got a gun," panicked JT as he ducked behind his desk and opened his lap-top. I snap fired my pistol and clipped the screen of the machine. "You bastard," cursed JT, "this is a tailor made computer/desk it controls the whole complex."

"Oh," laughed the Prince, "and I tell him everything." I stood up grabbed the pistol with both hands, aimed, and fired. The desk had multiple sparks and small explosions. The lights to the complex flickered.

"Don't make it hard on yourself," I told the Prince turning to him. "Put your hands on your head."

"Never," he screamed, "kill me before I kill you." He made a few wild moves then lept at me. I took aim and fired as he crumpled and rolled to my feet. "Agggg," he screamed. "You shot my balls off." For the first time I saw him crying, no matter how many punches, kicks, beating, he would only grunt it off. He groped the bloody mess in his trousers. "I can't find my cock, feel my legs."

"Cock, balls, broken pelvis," I said turning away and looking for JT. "They will grow back."

"You bastard," the Prince screamed, "how can you kill your own father. Half of me is in you."

"The better half," I mumbled, "JT I have an arrest warrant for you."

"Security to main office," he called into his cell phone. "All androids kill Pontiac Jones. Sorry my boy I have to run." He danced away and I shot him in the knee-cap. "Otto kill him," he screamed in pain.

"With pleasure," said the newly repaired Otto as it stepped out from the shadows and moved towards me.

"Asshole," I cursed taking aim and fired one round through Otto's chest. The android crumpled and fell. The back service elevator opened and three android wearing black light battle armour and closed visors.

"Nice try Mister Jones," said JT as he limped towards the landing pad. "You only have one bullet left and three Androids to kill. What are you going to do now?"

"Make sure you don't leave," I said and shot at the hover-limo. The windows shattered, and it was a very big window. There was a whoosh of air as the outside air threatened to shake the office. Automatic shutters closed to protect the office from further destruction. The hover-limo moved off. 

"Well it doesn't matter," said JT as he picked up a heavy steel cane. "Androids hold him down while I split his head open."

I popped open the pistol and dropped the empty cartridges. I reached into my diaper and pulled out a speed-loader covered in ...shit. Somewhere along the line of action I crapped my pants. I tried to load the pistol when a hand touched my shoulder. Looking up I noticed the Android was armed with a laser-sword.

"Don't mess with my future husband," snapped Jane as she opened her visor.

"And since when do Android have tails," I added nodding to Lady Fantoymia.

"Fine," cursed JT, as he slumped to the floor. "I'll sue you for use of excessive force." Anthony bent over him and began applying first aid.

"Oh is he brave," cursed the Prince. "Let me crawl over there and beat him with what's left of my dick."

"What about the other androids," I asked.

"The Boom-boom Room is notorious for cutting corners," explained Lady Fantoymia. "None of the androids have the most basic of military grade defences."

"You mean you can't even send up a medical android to fix me," cursed the Prince.

"You already stopped bleeding," said Jane. Then to me, "don't you dare put those dirty rounds into my revolver."

"Yes Mistress," I said. "Is there anything else I can do?"

"Yea," said Anthony, "go to JT's desk and fetch us some cigars, and some fine liquor."

"And go change your diapers," added Lady Fantoymia wrinkling her nose.

"I don't think JT keeps any diapers over here," I said as I head towards the office.

"Then just get them off and serve us naked," said Jane.

"I like looking at his cock," said Lady Fantoymia.

"I like his ass," added Jane.

"He's got a small dick and fat ass," complained Anthony.

Meanwhile even though he did not have the use of his legs Prince Johnass desperately crawled on his elbows towards the nearest elevator. The doors opened as a pair of slightly scuffed boots stood inches from his face. He licked the boot toe and tried to polish it with the cuff of his coat.

"Nice to see you nephew," he said.

"Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom," stormed the owner of the boots. "I arrest you for escape and other crimes not specified."

"Love you too Prince Otto," grumbled the fallen Prince.

"Did I miss the party," asked Prince Otto as his guards applied first aid to Prince Johnass.

"Afraid so," said Jane as she picked up a glass of liquor off the silver tray of goodies I managed to find.

"Nice cigars," said Antony. "You didn't dip them in the liquor," he accused me. "Fantoymia is that a nice place to hang your cap?" Everybody looked down and noticed she had hung her cap on my rising cock which was getting very stiff.
