 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out alright. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

After a near disastrous weekend with Marcy McDermott I managed to fix things to make myself look better and get a chance at a singing career. Boy did I fuck that up. I sang for two hours before an audience of movers and shakers. While their young dates ate up the show, they politely took a nap. The whole event was recorded and packaged for sales. Without a good lawyer I fucked it up again. Oh I got ninety percent of the profit, which went into my bank account, but could not be used to pay off my bond. I had close to a million in the bank and was still a sex slave.

I spent the night diaper domination tied in a position of submission as a reminder of how stupid I was. No trips to the high tech bathroom for the day for me. Mandy, my Room Android would bath me standing in a tub, changed diapers while I was confined to my apartment. Even watching TV became torture.

My favourite Free Zone TV station Live Action Network, had me listed as the Idiot of the Day for not properly going through a contract. They projected sales would reach a million by the end of the week. I tried changing the channel and found cartoons of myself getting butt-fucked by the whole board of directors of the Boom-boom Room. My biggest worry was what if Admiral Speedwell did not like me.

I mean it's one thing if you are going out for the first time with somebody you barely know and yea it's going to be exciting. However I've seen every movie and well some of the packaged interviews, but it was dated, 25 years ago. She went to the Governor's Star Force and worked her way up to becoming an Admiral. Now they want her to command a battalion of Space Commandos. All the news shows report is rumours that she's been collecting images of me.

"Can you give me something to do," I asked Mandy the room android after packing about the apartment.

"Rest, relax," said Mandy, "you will gather with a few other Earth Courtesans. Prepare a few songs, and let the fleet officers do the rest. Luck for you maybe forty per cent of them will show up for this kind of a party. The others will, table dance, gang-bang, spanks, but you belong to the Admiral. And all we know is that she reserved a deluxe suit with a private air-car landing pad for a week. And she has been making messages with her cousin Prince Otto, his private space yacht has been taken out of storage and fitted with some private cargo. The personnel are private contractors, very loyal to the Prince, former commandos; probably from his old unit too. She has the clearance; she's of their command circle, so she can take you out of system. We know she will return you or, well, pay one hefty fine."

"These talented types are very honourable, so I know I'll be home for supper."

"Well sit down; watch TV and no playing with yourself."

"Okay," I grumbled and sat down, "I just would like to use the dark room and not a diaper."

"Sorry, you room is not equipped with a low tech toilet, and she knows it embarrasses you. Get use to it. It just may be her kink. I'm not sure how or why Ancients don't get diaper rashes and yet she has been to an Adult Novelty Store in the Draco Star system. She's been making various purchases but we are unable to track her purchases."

"You guys spying on her," I wasn't sure why I was upset, but I was.

"Simple merchandising policy. Now relax, watch a movie."

The afternoon went by slowly. Occasionally the news channel came on tracking the movement of Assault Fleet 104 as it came into system for the last time under Admiral Jane Speedwell. It was odd, looking at a woman who by Earth Standards seemed in her mid twenties, could have been playing touch football with the people on "Friends", but was actually 158 years old. The ships hung in orbit as crews went on liberty and the dockyards filled as battle damaged ships were repaired. Part of the fleet was missing as damaged ships were either towed or left waiting for salvage ships to strip the ruined ships.

Draco was three hundred light years away. The older battlestarships were being replaced by the dreadnaughts, which moved at speeds of 25 light years a day. Draco was 400 light years away where raider ships were outfitted for destruction of our lives. The last of Admiral Speedwell's fleet stood for one last parade and then left. A noise roared over Central City as military shuttles came in for a party.

The Boom-boom Room became a blue light district, Officer's only. Action Network covered the wild excitement as close to one hundred thousand Space Navy personnel descended into the spaceport. An orgy erupted in the park surrounding the Free Zone divider as people just didn't want to find a hotel room. City Police calmly stood by and only arrested those who were causing public mischief. 

By four o'clock there was a loud pounding on my door. Mandy was polite but firm. I wasn't sure whether to hide or get ready for a fight.

"We're the health inspectors," bellowed a voice over assorted comments and laughter, "we're here to inspect Pontiac Jones."

"Bugger off you drunken assholes," bellowed Mandy, "before I have the hall filled with knockout gas."

"Come on lady," the voice continued, "what's that guy got that we don't?"

"Good manners," said Mandy as I heard a loud hissing come from outside.

"RUN, GAS GAS GAS," they screamed and there were more shuffling noises.

"Well that should take care of things," said Mandy to me. "Think you could use a light dinner?"

"I'll try," I nervously answered.

After some soup and sandwiches I was hand bathed, put into that glass chastity belt. I don't know why it's call a glass chastity belt, it is definitely not made of glass, more like Plexiglas or something. I looked at myself in the mirror, my cock seemed more naked and larger. I turned and could definitely see my puckering asshole no matter how much I tried to clench my cheeks.

"Here's your new sailor suit," said Mandy opening a box. "This is supposed to be a regulation class A Governor's Starforce Space Navy uniform approved for Male Heredshe personnel. Look," she pointed to some rank insignia, "they made you a Petty Officer, 2nd Class and a battle decoration for the Draco Action."

"Who me?"

"Check Outjockey Network," she switched channels to a Military Network, "it seems pin-up pictures of you were plastered on many ships and carried by love-sick Space Marines as they went into battle."

"But why?"

"Many of these young warriors who have for the longest time followed the career of their Admiral are curious of her obsession with Pontiac Jones," droned a new reader in an authoritative way. "Family and Tribal members from Vacation Planet who have known her swear she had been drawing pictures of a man she fell in love with in a Clairvoyant vision she had at age twelve. As you can easily see by these never before seen pictures there is a remarkable resemblance to her mystery lover and Pontiac Jones, right down to the Bonded Collar."

"Jesus Christ," I cursed in Earth English.

"I'll let her know you've spoken in Earth English," Mandy pointed out. "You want any more punishment?"

"No Mandy," I said looking down at the costume. "Hey this is a dress!"

"No this is a regulation class A Governor's Starforce Space Navy uniform approved for Male Heredshe personnel. A dress is for women, and the chest is broad and flat like yours. Now get dressed."

"What about these shoes," I said holding up the three inch stilettos.

"Dramatic licence," smiled Mandy, "makes you legs look good."

"No panties," I sighed looking through the box. "What if I'm not the guy?"

"She'll break your jaw and leave," sighed Mandy, "don't worry you have medical coverage."

Nylons, with seams, check, garter-belt secure, shoes, click! Rats; the shoes were bondage shoes once on I can't take them off. The dress had to be zipped up the back by Mandy. I blushed as I looked in the mirror; the dress barely covered my crotch and only half my ass. It then put a bib on me and applied make-up. Nothing too feminine, but my eyes looked like Michael Jackson. After that sailor hat on and it lead me to the door.

In the hall I met what was left of the Earth Courtesans and a few others. Even the Princess I spanked into accepting her bondage was there. Her skin faded three shades which was a Middle Kingdom version of extreme blushing and humiliation. All of us wore the same revealing dresses and only one other male Earthman.

"Mister United Kingdom," I smiled as we shook hands.

"Well at least I'm not the only one in a dress," he laughed. "The panties they gave me are held on with Velcro I got the feeling they will not be on for very long."

"Luck you," I said lifting my skirt and showing off the glass chastity belt, "only Admiral's Speedwells fingerprints will open this." The others crowed to get a better look.

"It makes your cock look bigger," said one girl from Earth with olive coloured skin.

"If you thing that's bad, look at the back," I laughed, "when we turn to spank our bums while singing Away, Away, people in the back row will be able to see my asshole."

"Alright Ladies move along," ordered Mike who was also dressed like the rest of us but wearing CPO rank, "you don't want to show off welts on your bums do you?"

We were lead to a stage with what we knew the mirrored stage cover was probably double sided windows. Mike and I quickly tried to get organized. At least Mike had a list of what was going to happen.

"In a line, tallest in the middle," said Mike, then to me, "you'll be dead centre."

"We have a song list," I asked.

"Right," he showed me the list. "They definitely want Away, Away, followed by...." We didn't do much from there.

"Balls to your partner, ass against the wall," bellowed the crowed as the mirrors folded away. An Honour Guard, if you want to call it, of Space Marine Officers grabbed me and carried me towards the head table leaving the rest behind. "If you never been fucked on a Saturday Night, you never been fucked at all."

"Mister Jones he was there," they roared as I saw the flick of knives all around me, "what do ya think of that!" Knives flashed and I was naked except my shoes, glass chastity belt, and collar. "They put him on the table," I was slammed on the table, and they kept singing, "to watch him master-bait!"

Admiral Speedwell stood over me as she grabbed the belt by the hips and pulled it apart and off of me. They were singing, yelling, and she dropped on me, but did not crush me. She deeply kissed me.

It was the first of many kisses I've had from her. Her breath was sweet, fine even teeth, and her tongue rubbed against mine. I was never so aroused as I was that terrifying moment. One hand firmly played with my cock as she worked down my body. She lifted my right leg and turned my body towards the audience and displayed me. Her fingers played with the crack of my ass while pumping my cock. The crowd grew louder with the song.

"He was amusing himself, by abusing himself, and catching it in his hat! Singing ball to your partner, ass against the wall. If you never been fucked on a Saturday Night, you never been fucked at all."

Then it happened, I had a multiple orgasm. My cum shot out and they men, women, all sorts of races were trying to catch my cum with their hats. I felt a shock come from my tailbone to up my spine and the room went black. 

________________________________________

I woke up and found myself nude and laying on a very soft four poster bed. My wrist and ankles were shackled to some heavy black steel shackles. I think there was on also on my neck. I couldn't move my arms, but could move my legs. I turned my head and noticed I was in one of the Boom-boom Room's AAA Class Deluxe rooms normally reserved for special customers and Class One Slaves. I did enough research to know that a lowly Class Eight like me might be in some embarrassing position, watching, over a bench or kneeling as a fluffer. I could see Admiral Speedwell and that same tall blond woman who kissed me and staying at the Hendercott a long while ago. They were both in uniform, but the Admiral had her jacket opened.

"I don't understand it," said the Herdercott woman, "over sixty per cent of his DNA is Ancient."

"Well I see somebody is awake," the Admiral smiled as they walked up and looked down at me.

"Are you sure he's the one," the Hendercott woman said. "He is without talent."

"Let's check to make sure," she said. They both took their hats off and looked into my eyes. The Admiral had very beautiful blue eyes and got me aroused. She noticed, "no, I can't reach into his eyes." They put on their uniform caps, "I can understand why they have us wear these. This place is filled with ghost."

"Then just take him and leave," the Hendercott woman said. "You have clearance."

"That would be impolite," smiled Admiral Speedwell as he took off her heavy belt that had a hog leg pistol, ammo pouches, and a laser sword hanging on it. She put them on the night stand. "You can kiss him goodbye."

"I'd rather fuck him," she said as she leaned over me. She was a nice kisser, but her breath stank of cigar smoke and whiskey. "Oh," she smiled at me, "I'm Lieutenant Fanta Heart; Jane and I are, well good friends."

"She's my Lesbian Fuck Buddy," said Jane sitting on the bed and taking off her boots. "If she didn't have to go and run her PT Boat full of dispatches we'd both be fucking you."

"You could have pulled some strings and got me time off," Fanta complained.

"In case you didn't realize it Al," Jane smiled and said in a very familiar term. "We Ancients share our men. Sometimes dominate men share their wives, but until you have more rank than me, once we get married, well; I'll only share you with some very close friends."

"Those that are still alive," said Fanta as she worked down to my nipples.

"Come on," said Jane, "you don't want to be late."

"I'm dying to taste him," she complained as she stroked my cock. Jane gave her a hard slap on the bottom. "Ouch," she complained getting up, "you are definitely getting into this Domme thing."

"I'm definitely enjoying it," said Jane as she took off her pants. "I think I always was a Domme since the moment I first saw him."

"Did you really see me over a hundred years ago," I had to ask. He hand clasped over my mouth.

"Slaves remain quiet unless spoken to," she said to me. "Or do you want to be spanked in the diaper position," she asked as she took a supple leather belt off her trousers. "Kiss it," she said putting the belt to my lips.

"No Mistress," I said kissing the belt. In the diaper position you legs are lifted up and high stretching the skin of your bottom and it will definitely hurt.

"Well I'll leave you two alone," smiled Fanta as she walked away and I head the door close.

"Well now," said Jane as she took off her shirt, "alone at last. And oh, you didn't black out because you had multiple orgasms, I shot you with this." She held up what looked like a battery or pen on a ring. "A simple stunner, I had that finger up your ass. You need an enema too."

"Mistress may a lowly slave take the liberty to ask a question," I asked.

"You may," she smiled as she took off her white sports bra.

"Then why wasn't I allowed to use the Dark Room to have my bottom cleaned out."

"Did you ever notice every time you use one the catheters feel so uncomfortable."

"Yes Mistress," I said, "I thought it was a reminder of my lowly station."

"No," she said as she took off her plain cotton panel panties. "We Ancients have multiple nerve endings. Most of the Dark Rooms, especially the discount one you are assigned to are not calibrated for an Ancient." She dangled her soiled panties over my face, it was humiliating and disgusting. "We'll get back to my panties later," she smiled and tossed them aside. "You should feel nothing, so I was giving you a break, and humiliating you with the diapers." She smiled and straddled over me. "According to your file, you have the video of my sex game."

"Yes Mistress," I smiled, "several times."

"Well," she smiles as she lowered her hot vagina on to my cock and I was engulfed by her. "What I'm going to do to you was not possible by the game mechanics."

She leaned forward and her entire vagina seemed to move. Some women can flex their muscles and the vagina would feel like it is chomping on your penis. Others hop up and down riding your penis like a rocking horse. Her entire vaginal track contracted in multiple rings that went up and down my cock. She stared into my eyes and smiled as I rolled back in joy. I came and came, and came. She shuttered and came too. A few minutes later she rose up and squatted over my face.

"Lick it clean," she smiled down at me. Her blond, neatly trimmed pussy hung dripping with my seamen hovered over my face. It was humiliating, disgusting, and erotic as I submitted to her request. I licked her clean. She leaned against the headboard and shuttered violently. "I can see you emotions on your face and body," she gasped, "I can definitely get into this."

"I don't understand Mistress," I asked, "you are not into BDSM?"

"No," she smiled in a very perky way that was a thrill to see. "I'm still learning. Learning how to do new things that your future husband likes to do is half the fun. And I do want to please you."

"Husband," I gasped, "how can you say that? Maybe I'm just the flavour of the month phase. How do you know it's me?"

"Its fate, destiny, I've seen the future. You can't escape Clairvoyance. It's happening even now. You are falling in love with me." She touched some control and my arms were released. "Off the bed," she instructed, "bend over the spanking post." She picked up a rattan cane. "Oh we have lots of these growing back home. Maybe I'll order you to harvest some while we are there."

"Look no offence Admiral," I said not wishing to bend over the post especially under an armature Domme. "But you could hurt somebody with that thing."

"Mandy said you spoke Earth English earlier today," she snapped. "Now bend over that post or I'll have Mandy bend and hold you there." Mandy moved away from the shadows it was standing in.

"You've gone from six to twelve," Mandy advised. "Any more arguments and former Admiral Speedwell will give you eighteen."

"Shouldn't I be giving him eighteen for not calling me by my proper rank," Jane asked Mandy. Meanwhile I quickly bent over the spanking post and trembled.

"He doesn't know you're a Major now Mistress," said Mandy. "So what do you say slave."

"Mistress Major Speedwell," I said, "pl-please punish this Miserable slave with twelve of the best for using bad language."

"Better," commented Mandy. I felt the cane tap against my naked bottom. I glanced up and notice the dresser mirror. Mandy was using a laser pointer marking where each can welt should go. "Just a minute," it snapped. Robot hands can be so hard as it smacked my bottom. "I suggest twenty hand slaps for peeking."

To say the least it was a rather difficult half hour as I went from six of the best to twenty hand slaps and then twelve with the cane. Jane might have been new at BDSM but she was a very fast learner. She made the punishment hard and not playful to get the message home. Quite frankly it was a pretty terrifying experience. The use of the cane is also known as Edge Play.
