 Our story so far I agreed to become a slave immigrant and the company which secretly recovered my brain when I died has transported me off planet to the star system Free Skies. I am on the planet Free Skyes 4, an Earth-like planet with tons of better technology. The Company owns a hotel complex called the Boom-Boom Room which borders with the Space Port of Central City, and I've met a quite a few of the Spacemen and women of the Merchant Space Marine. 

I though the first four weeks was going fine, but The Company has thrown another curve-ball at me. I still haven't taken a citizenship text yet, and as such am confined to the Boom-boom Room complex. So in an effort to encourage me to study and take my citizenship test I'm going to be punished. For somebody into BDSM; that may or may not be too bad. As I and the other entire bonded slave immigrants from the protected planet Earth found out; it was all bad. 

Extra metal shackles similar to the shiny steel one I permanently wore around my neck were added to my wrist ankles and waist. When open the shackles look no different than a loose metal watchband. When closed the link on a molecular level bond together and form a solid magnetic band. Radio controls and a form of magnetism can move my arms and legs about invisibly shackling me into a number of different positions. 

The band about my neck had a number of functions. Besides being a GPS system of keeping track of my movements it was also a medical sensor. If I was stressed too much it could inject sedatives into my system or call for medical attention. My room Android: Mandy, was always nearby. As Androids goes, she was an upgraded Mark Nine, and had the best erotic data-based interaction unit available. It was a companion, teacher, and punisher. I guess in some of those other science fiction novels it would be called a Spankmaster 2050. The only exception being, it was really happening to me.

Punishment booths are kept in public parts of the Boom-boom Room. Some may be in bars, waiting rooms, and even in the halls of the rooms themselves. The main attraction was in the rotunda or mall of the Boom-boom Room. Already there was a small crowd gathering as other members of the 27 slave immigrants who came with me from Earth were being punished. Their android room keepers were nearby, whipping them, spanking them, and other torments to the amusement of those who were passing by.

What caught my eye was the number of people who seemed indifferent to the whole thing. Who were these people who would find walking through a mall where people are being publically tortured as an every day event? Many were in military uniforms of some sort. While some others looked like businessmen; in a hurry to get to their next sales meeting.

"Sorry I was late with that billion credit sales boss. I was watching an Android give an Earthman a jolly good spanking."

Okay I guess that wouldn't happen. People can stop and watch videos, videos on demand, and the exotic internet. As I stood there in a soiled diaper waiting for my turn in a booth that was right in the centre of the walk-way my eyes darted and watched the faces of those passing by. A few glanced and looked. They would then turn away, look back, laugh, or even look ashamed that they did look. A few passed close, a hand groped my bottom as an unknown person passed. I tried to see who did it, and felt another hand touch me on the behind. Turning again a tall almost a Valkyrie woman in a jet black uniform of a space officer looked down at me expressionless. She had to be six foot four, busty, bronze almost golden skin and very blond hair. Before I could move away she kissed me deeply on the mouth. One hand grabbed my shoulder holding me in a half-hug, the other slipped down into my diaper and fondled my rising penis. She broke away suddenly.

"Nice," she said as she tasted the damp fingers of her hand. "How soon will he be available," she said to Mandy in a very business-like tone.

"He is over-due for time off," said Mandy. Then added, "once he is thoroughly punished. I can book you in three days. Would 8 hundred hours on the 20th be okay?"

"Let's see," she smiled looking at her mini-computer, "I could make that, be nice to have an Earth Courtesan."

"Oh he's not a courtesan," apologised Mandy, "he is but a lowly bonded sex slave. A Class 10 Prostitute, Sex Slave actually."

"Oh," she said looking disappointed. "Now here on Free Skyes, a Class 10 is the reverse of a Middle Kingdom Class 10. Alas I could only afford a Class 8 Courtesan on my meagre salary. And the cost on this one," she stopped and laughed, "I could rent him for a month. Interesting, Can he be sent to my lodgings at the Hendercott?" I later found out that the Hendercott Hotel was a brand new five star hotel/hostel for Starforce Officers who preferred having a rather naughty stop-over.

"Alas he is still bonded," shrugged Mandy, "not allowed to leave the compound. We could put you in a deluxe suit during your stay. Or I could substitute a Free Skies male to you."

"And endure the sounds of space traffic," she snarled. "As for males from Free Skies, they are not as exotic as this one. There is something about this one," she paused and her eyes seemed to glaze over. "Has this one been screened," she snapped back at Mandy.

"Yes Mistress, the port authority sent a Talented Officer to work as his Counsellor and examine him. He is classified as normal."

"I may be a lowly Lieutenant," she said as she punched into her mini-computer, "and he may be a lowly Dirt-man. But his piss taste like something my cousin would do. Keep him away from people with talent." She stormed off talking into her mini-computer which then became a cell phone.

Even though Mandy acted like nothing had happened I didn't have time to dwell on it as she pushed me backward on to the platform. It raised itself to table height and my legs were lifted into the air as Mandy took off the diaper and proceeded to clean my ass and genitals. A squat garbage robot, which looked like a cross between an old style garbage-can and a Star Wars R2 Unit made a rude beep or two as my soiled diaper was dropped into it. 

I heard a giggle as a few young women, (remember this is an adults only area,) giggled at my exposed body. I tried to close my eyes and ignore the stares of my audience but a harsh slap on the bottom snapped them open. Mandy gave me a stern look and I knew not to close them again. Looking up I couldn't help but notice most of the skirts I was looking up at had no panties on. And that included several men who also work the Heredshe male fashion of wearing skirts instead of trousers. Worse still; some were getting aroused. 

When she finished she inserted a finger up my ass and I felt an odd lubricant being applied. It was like a combination itching powder and aphrodisiac. My whole asshole was on fire as the shackles lifted me up and displayed me floating over the platform. I just hung there with a fire up my behind and in my dick with no mercy around.

"So that's it," somebody asked Mandy.

"That's all he needs," replied Mandy, "he's not suppose to close his eyes and, well, you can see how red his butt-hole is."

"That doesn't seem like punishment to me," said the same voice.

"Sure scare the heck out of me," said a young female voice, "what if my friends or family came by?"

"What's his crime," asked another male voice.

"Been here for a month and still hasn't taken his citizenship test," said Mandy.

"Well that's silly," said a young woman, "I couldn't wait to get my citizenship. I even took a special test when I was sixteen."

"Sixteen," somebody asked.

"I'm very mature for my age," she replied. "But I had to wait a year. Now I have my own business and work as an off-world contractor."

"Still all the same," said the same knowledgeable person, "when he becomes a citizen he could re-negotiate his contract, not have to submit to this kind of punishment. I suppose the company has him signed for total internet video coverage."

"He's a Class 10," explained Mandy, "no experience, no training, and thus very few limits. He needs motivation."

"I'm a Lawyer," he said offering a colourful card to Mandy who made no move to take it. "I could represent you," he called up to me.

"He's not a citizen," said Mandy, "if he wants to he could simply say he refuses to be a sex slave and then be re-assigned as an unskilled labourer; and work off what he owes the company that way."

"Boy is he stupid," the young girl said as she turned and walked away.

"Take my advice pal," the Lawyer said to me as he tickled my toes, "get your Citizenship." He took a picture of me hanging there. "I'll be back."

"The Courtesan's best friend," laughed a woman who wore very flashy cloths and had an entourage of body guards, secretary, assistant, and some guy in a suit talking into a phone, and a naked slave in complete leather harness on a leash, "the Lawyer/Manager." She paused and stroked my already hard penis, "all original equipment?"

"Level One improvements were done; standard procedure," said Mandy, "The Company did a very good screening job."

"Interesting," the high class lady said looking at a computer read-out. She looked up at me, "you better apply yourself and be able to set your limits or you'll find you here once a week. You don't want to end up old and hanging in a hallway." Then to her entourage, "let's go boys we have a long way to go."

Well you can guess the rest of the punishment period went like. People were just walking by and giving me verbal humiliation. Part of me would rather receive a severe whipping than what was going on. What surprised me the most was all the relatively good advice I got. It seemed that these people were, well, nice. It seemed these people despite all their differences knew how to get along with each other. It was Mandy who begged them on to humiliate me. I had no idea how long the time went when Mandy finally gave me the whipping I,...deserved.

She carried me back to my efficiency apartment and put me to bed. Before she did that she inserted a finger up my ass and finger-fucked me while jerking me off. After I came, she laid down on the bed beside me and held me while I cried myself to sleep. 

The next morning was one of the first whole days off I got while working for the Boom-boom Room. More than that, I banked time left me with three days off. Practically all of the Sex Slaves who work the Boom-boom Room are bonded and have huge debts to work off, but most of them are citizens of the Coalition and can set limits to their activities. And no offence to fat people, you have personalities that are larger than your bodies, but I just can't get sexually aroused enough to have sex with them. It's one thing to give a fat woman oral sex, but if my penis is involved, you'd think I was on Saltpetre.

Mandy made me take the required Free Skyes courses on law. As a corporate society the law is very much a working part of life. Children are also covered under this law. Their parents have a legal contract towards Society to give to the production of society. This law is one of the foundations of Free Skyes upper management and has filtered down to all levels of work. Let me take a moment to explain this.

The Company, any company for that matter, would rather hire people from within their own sphere than outside. So if you Dad was say an autoworker, as his son you would know what is involved in working on an assembly line and fit right in. In turn the company would arrange reduced hours so that Dad can spend more time with his son or daughter. Incentives are given to keep the marriage stable. Thus a new generation is produced for company expansion. For all I know, the Company might want to recruit what children I have in the future to work at the Boom-boom Room too. So I knuckled under and searched my computer to find out what I needed to know for a Citizenship Test.

First section: knowledge of your home system.

Well a quick check of my lap-top and found a huge amount of information. So let me give you the shorthand version:

Free Skyes Star System has a class G Type star with twelve planets in system. I live on Free Skyes 4 population 37 Billion, (5.6 Billion live on the 18 orbital cities in the system). Free Skyes 5 is a Type 1 Terran Ocean Planet, a colony world with 6 Billion inhabitants. They also give all sorts of notes on the outer planets and for easy reference gave all the planets numbers instead of names.

Free Skyes 4, also known as Free Skyes Prime is a Type 1 Terran Planet. Length of day; 24 hours, length of year 366 local days, surface gravity 1 G, atmosphere 1000mm with an O2 at 100mm with high amounts of iron dust in the air. This is why some residential areas have domes to keep out the dust and reduce asthmatic reaction. Sentient Race humanoid, ruddy coloured skin, (and I thought everybody just went out in the sun a lot,) larger nasal passages for breathing the atmosphere. (I did a little checking on that, seems nose jobs are very common, and skin pigmentations too.) Social Organizations; open society, some places are class conscious, and although unpopular some pockets of Free Skyes are Class Conscious. 

Finally the meat-of-the-matter, government: Corporate. The whole system is operated by a giant super corporation simply called the Government. It seems the Coalition's Planetary Governor helped organize this group about five hundred years ago. The best way to describe it is that the top three hundred corporations all have seats on the System Wide Board of Directors. They maintain the day-to-day activities of a unified Planetary Police Force, Interplanetary Police Force, and Public Safety. So food inspectors, housing, free healthcare, education, and the whole ton of maintenance of government is taken care of. To which surprisingly these Corporations are all members of inner groups or political parties who work on various agendas to help commerce. With such the Government then has five members who sit on the Coalition's Board of Commerce. The Board of Commerce is responsible for trade standards and setting the value of a Galactic Credit. The next level of Government is the Office of the Planetary Governors.

The Planetary Governors are well responsible for practically everything else, they protect the people. Their job is very simple, to Protect Society. The Governors run the military. Starforce, which is the only military organization have all the warships, tanks, armoured space marines, and super numeracy powers over the planets. If somebody came up with an unfair law like: left handed people will not be served in public restaurants. They will turn around and say no, and whoever had such a restaurant would find his place being shut down by the Planetary Governor's Body Guards, taken off planet and face a Military Court of Justice. They do more than just fine a person, executions were common.

Our planet's current Governor, Prince Otto Murphy von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom. Age: one hundred and four, a widower, six kids all are serving in the service someplace, and then a photo. Talk about great health care, golden skin, full head of hair, he looked twenty something. I did some detailed work, and discovered his military rank is Commando Colonel and that he rated as a Talent 18. That's when I walked into a brick wall; what is a Talent?

"Okay Mandy," I said bracing myself as I faced the android. "I know there is somebody behind you someplace, what is a Talent."

"Why you're a talent," said Mandy as she wrestled me over the spanking ottoman. "A talent for getting into trouble," she added as her firm hand began working my bottom over.

"I can't find the answers," I screamed over the pain. "What is a TALENT!"

"Okay," said a voice from the walls, "you're lap-top it too cryptic and you are a little too stupid for find the answers." The spanking stopped and the entertainment centre lit up showing the fat overseerer who first paddled me at a very messy desk covered with monitors.

"You're behind Mandy," I asked.

"No I'm just on rotation duty monitoring your section," he laughed. "Believe it or not, I was once a Courtesan like you paying my way through University." He paused for a moment, "no smart remarks?"

"No sir," I said respectfully feeling myself get oddly aroused, "you have a serious job to do, and I know this is out of character for you."

"Well at one point I would have to get involved with you and your education," he laughed. "So let's get to the real through, what is a Talent." He sat back and stretched himself out and put his feet on the desk. His uniform/suit was sloppy too which I guess was part of his character.

"I should point out," he started, "that a Talent and Wizard are one in the same thing. You see the Coalition has been touched by the Talent, and Earth has not been. To have Talent means a person can see into the future, read people's minds, move the elements, teleport themselves, and in some cases speak to the dead. That's why we have the Office of the Governor. Who better can judge a law than somebody who can see into the future?"

"Touched by a Talent?"

"Well yea," he said as he tried to work his hands while forming the words. "Everybody's brain has a talent section of the brain, but it's like an unused muscle. Once it starts working, you can't turn it off. So unless you have a Talented Trainer or Psychiatrist there, you have lots of trouble."

"So the Counsellor who met me was talking to my mind?"

"No he's a Clairvoyant we was looking into your future. A good way to see if a person is Talented and not touch them was to see if they become one. In your case he only saw himself making love to an Earthman Courtesan. He had a Homosexual Panic Attack; he was engaged to be married. He might still show up to spend some time with you. Terrible situation, nobody's fault."

"So this Governor, Otto von Stammer or whatever, at Power 18 that's pretty high right."

"That's Prince Otto Murphy von Studdlebock," snapped my Overseerer. Mandy switched to a riding crop and cracked it across my ass with each letter. "S, T, U, D, D, L, E, D, O, C, K," he shouted. "You do that again, and Mandy will whip ya, no matter where or what and you will spell it out too."

"Yes sir," I gasped through the pain, "thank you sir."

"Do you want to learn more," he asked as I tried to compose myself. Mandy's hand toyed with my bottom tracing over the welts on my bottom and crack of my ass.

"Yes sir," I said again as I watched him toy with his counsel with one hand and himself with the other.

"Well, that golden colour skin of his is natural to the Middle Kingdom. Seems a ship load of Wizzard Warrior crash landed on the Middle Kingdom three thousand years ago. They married into the royal families of the planet and took over. That Wizard Warrior woman who ate you piss," he grimaced, "she's from another planet called Vacation Planet related to her; I passed that comment up the chain of command.

"But the real thing is his powers. He can move elements, read minds, see into the future, teleport, and can control computers to a point. He doesn't wear implants, some people do that because they work with computers, but he can, well just take command of a Starship and have it take him anywhere he wants. So does that answer it all?"

"Yes sir," I said feeling a lubricated finger enter my ass.

"I'm going to use Mandy and cyber-fuck you right now," he smile and reached to turn off the camera. "You think about that."

The television switched to a channel of some news story as I felt a penis from Mandy enter my ass and slowly start to fuck me. I tried not to think too much about weather an overseerer used Mandy to have sex play with me or not. I guess it was one of the perks of the job. I just went with the flow and enjoyed it.
