 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skys. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had my profile figured out. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

After what I think was some pretty intense testing it looked like I was going to get a three day weekend off. I mean not everybody has the Director of the Boom-boom Room have you for a sexy three day sleep-over. Better still she wanted to be the slave and me the Dom. I was looking forward to sitting back, watching TV and having my cock sucked whenever I wanted. Boy was I wrong.

There I was playing the role of the miserable sex slave to slave Marcy, who was blindfolded, but allowed to use me through the night. I was in the middle of a nice dream of being on a sandy beach in a wet bathing suit when a pair of beefy hands kidnaps me. It wasn't some bad guys it was both Androids: Bruno and Mandy.

"Wake up Master," Bruno hissed in my ear with its hand firmly over my mouth. "Time for you to get up, clean up, and be the demanding master that Mistress Marcy needs to be under."

"Oh he wet his diaper," said Mandy who was pulling off my diaper.

"Humm," sighed Bruno, "I guess we'll have to reward him."

"Hand spanking instead of the usual belt," suggested Mandy.

"Tempting," said Bruno giving me a light slap on the bottom. I was then shoved into the dark closet.

The Dark Closet was a very advanced version of a bathroom. The inside is very dark so that you can't see the robotic arms, and catheters that go into you. Every inch of my body was cleaned inside and out and ten minutes later I was tossed out with a light pat on the bum. Bruno was waiting for me.

"Consider yourself lucky," he laughed handing me a thick blue robe. "Now go in there and give her a good spanking for wetting her diaper. As a Director of Industry she is not suppose to lose control. And you can guess the rest."

"Nothing for my sore ass," I asked.

"You seem to heal very fast," said Mandy, "for an Earthman. Just keep your bottom covered."

Who'd have thought I could screw up such simple instructions. Oh I surprised her, struggled around the bed, spanked her bottom bright red and squealing. I got on top of her, held her close, and started fucking her with all the passion I could muster.

"Oh get off me," she cursed and pushed me back. Two sets of android hands grabbed me and I was off of her, bent over with my naked ass in the air so fast my head was spinning. "No wait," ordered Marcy.

Talk about embarrassing. I was considering maybe I should go back to being a Class Ten Sex Slave; I just don't have that Dom thing down pat. Maybe there were some courses I should take.

"You really are trying hard aren't you Pontiac?"

"Yes Mistress," I sighed. Relaxing my bum-cheeks the boom will come fast enough.

"Go cook us some breakfast and I'll figure out what to do with you."

"Yes Mistress," I sighed as the Androids let me up. I dropped my robe, no sense wearing it I was a failure as a Dom.

"Put the robe back on," Marcy ordered as she got out of bed and picked up a frilly bath-robe. "And I like eating in the kitchen too."

We made small talk while we ate breakfast, and I quickly tried to learn more about her. She seemed to like my fried bacon, eggs, and toast, hated the coffee, and I think her mother. She shifted gears asking general questions about Earth for the rest of the meal.

"Okay park your ass on the table," she told me as I helped her take the dishes away. I sat on the table and she pushed my thighs wide apart and examined my balls. "Why haven't you shaved them?"

"Two reasons," I explained as Bruno moved behind me. "I hate saving myself down there every other day. And, well, I was going for the Master look and feel with you."

"Oh I can feel it," she said opening her robe and showing a whisker burn on her inside thigh. "Now try not to move," she pulled out an old fashioned straight razor, "I'm a bit out of practice."

Not only did my dick go limp it was trying to retreat into my body. With Mandy's help they lathered my balls and held them taunt as I was shaved. Bruno held my shoulder in place and I could feel its calm breathing on my neck.

"Androids can breath," I had to ask.

"Simulated breathing," it said calmly, "I am as close as Android technology can get in making near life-like designs. The Mark Fourteen which is coming out this year is far better than me. Someday I'll be like Mandy here begging for upgrades than disassembled for parts."

"Done," chuckled Marcy as she played with my naked balls. I looked down and saw what little stubble hairs that were taken off my balls floating in a bowl of water. "Hey the sun is up," she laughed looking at the window. "Come see the garden."

She took me by the hand and lead me towards the large patio windows that were off the living-room. The condo had a modest garden for flowers around the edges of the property. One corner had a couple of lounge chairs, umbrella table, the usual stuff, and a wooden horse in the middle of the yard sure to catch the sun. 

"Nice horse," I said looking at the weathered smooth wood. "Want me to bend you over it?"

"No," she smiles nodding to Bruno who opened a suitcase containing a variety of whips, floggers, paddles and canes. "But Bruno is going to. I'll be watching while I'm in a nice sunken bath-tub in a hidden room off the Master Bedroom that I didn't show you. Enjoy your time in the sun." She skipped back into the house.

"Don't move," Bruno said to me in a threatening manner.

"I was just going to take off my robe and get it over with."

"No," lectured Bruno who started to sound more like Hannibal Lecture. "I don't want you to surrender to me; you already have by just standing there. By stripping you," it added as it slowly took it off me, "I establish my dominance of you. You are just a little boy waiting to have his father punish him. All humans have strong reminders to their childhood. Even the ancient inhabitants of the Vacation Planet 228, some as old as seven hundred years old will have an Android spank them like little children. Funny thing about them, they prefer sex with android when there are no other ancients about. Keep that in mind, no true ancient will have sex with you, at age two hundred, poff, no more need for humans. Maybe a Mark Fourteen will explain it to me." Its loud hand spanks echoed through the garden which made me jerk even though I was tied down. 

"As you might have guessed Mistress Marcy is in her tub starting to play with herself," he said to me as he played with the crack of my ass. Its middle finger sank into my asshole. I shivered at the invader. "Still a very tight ass," it continued to taunt me, "maybe I should have my penis adjusted to various sizes and fuck you every half hour. Would you like that?" I kept silent. After finger fucking me for a few minutes it took a leather paddle to my ass for a dozen more. "Answer me," it snapped, "you don't want to activate my anger programs. I'll make mistakes and spank you too often in one spot and make you bleed. You don't want to bleed do you?"

"If I bleed," I countered, "you will malfunction and have to be shut-down for maintenance and then the kinder gentler Mark Nine will take over your function."

Well that kept it from taunting me, but not from giving me a very hard punishment. I took close to two hundred strokes of paddles, floggers, crops, and canes for over an hour. The worst was just being there tied over a wood log while I could hear the sound of insects, music from somebody's boom-box far away and movement. Somebody near-by was having caterers over. How humiliating, probably delivery people right in the next yard looking over the hedge at my naked body. Mandy finally showed up and untied me.

"Do I need to put a leash on you," it asked me.

"No Mandy," I said quickly remembering an Android is not a person. Looking down and noticing it was carrying my robe.

The furniture had been over about in the entertainment room. This time a single hard chair faced the bank of monitors and Marcy stood behind a lecturer's podium. There was also a desk and a selection of various canes.

"Welcome to Marcy's Courtesan School," she smiled. "I am your instructor Marcy McDermott Imperial Courtesan Tenth Class." She stepped away from the podium showing off her outfit of a lecturers robe, which was a blanket that covered both shoulders, and hung at the sides not covering her tits, pubis or delicious ass. "No touching your penis," she said stepping closer to me and stroking my penis painfully hard. "This lecture will be on your lap-top for reference sake. Do review it from time to time."

She then went into a lecture about what it is like to be a Dom, and boy did I have a lot to learn. For one thing I should have reviewed just what I was there for. Marcy needed time away from work and I failed her. And that was just a start.

Every Dom should know what a submissive wants and doesn't want. I could have made her stand in a corner while I find a computer terminal to see if she had a file on herself. Believe it or not lots of subs try to keep one for their own safety sake. Amusingly enough her computer read, Slave Marcy an Owner's Manual. If I read the file over she would not need to have Bruno wrestle with me, and well punish me. She even had a file on me too, and well, and she knew more about me than I knew about me. Including some notes by a psychologist about my condition. So that part of the morning was a real education.

We took a break as I was instructed to keep my hands behind my back while Marcy laid on the sofa. She took an odd looking pear/apple cut it into wedges ate one and placed the other in the crack of her ass. She smiled and looked at me.

"Well, eat it."

I leaned over and took the whole piece in my mouth. Her ass was so smooth and clean. She probably had a healing pad to remove any signs of the punishment I gave her.

"Cheat," she snapped, and nodded to Bruno who was behind me gave me a swat to the back of the head. It was one of those discipline swats you gave your kid brother when he stepped out of line. 

"This time take small bites," she said forcing another piece between her ass cheeks and against her rectum. 

I nibbled and swallowed smaller bites while keeping my face against her smooth cheeks. The juice from the fruit started to leak and drool down the crack of her ass. I almost jerked away from her; she bathed her ass with that nasty tasting soap they use at the spaceport. She knew me alright and I kept right on eating.

"Oh," she sighed, "I can feel the juice dripping down my crack, clean that please." I kept licking, my whole mouth just tasted nasty. Clean, but nasty. She moaned and began to move. "Touch me," she ordered.

I stroked her thighs and my hands towards her belly. She moaned at my touch, my penis ached. Eventually I stroked her pubis.

"I want you to slowly fuck me up the ass," she told me. "Slowly, and don't lean on me, or I'll have Mandy put you in the stocks while Bruno makes love to me, all day."

We raised ourselves up together, I had one foot on the floor the other on the sofa, and I looked to see if there was any anal lube handy. Bruno smeared a small amount on my hand and I first gently fingered her asshole. She moaned and lifter herself higher. I greased my cock and worked my way into her. 

"Good," she moaned, "now for the surprise," she added. "We're going to have a three way, Bruno's cock is smaller."

Bruno moved behind me and fingered my ass. The lube felt warm and I couldn't help but wiggle against its hand. Its thin long cock effortlessly entered my ass.

"Oh fuck," I gasped, "that feels good."

"No humanoid cock it that thin or long," said Bruno in my ear, "except for a Heredshe penis when it is about to plant eggs in you."

"Sounds like your body was built for the Heredshe trade," chuckled Marcy. The only good thing I can say about Heredshe women it that they are not fat. Fat is just jelly-rolls of fat that will lead to an early death. Heredshe women are tough muscular women; it's like making love to a female Russian weight-lifter. 

Bruno rocked itself up my ass and pushed me into Marcy's upturned ass. I don't know how but Mandy moved itself under Marcy and began tonguing her pussy. Only Marcy and I moaned in ecstasy as we enjoyed the situation. Marcy had a multiple orgasm compared to my single but Bruno kept humping and I could feel him push a heavy load up my ass.

"Ouch," I whined, "not another Middle Kingdom enema."

"Oh shut up and bend over the desk," laughed Marcy as he dis-engaged herself from me.

"Oh I feel cold," I said clutching my ass-cheeks together as I tried to keep it in me and bend over the desk. The canes were close to my face, I dreaded what would happen next. A plate of some sort was placed under my balls and my legs pushed far apart. A wet cold fluid dripped out of my asshole and down my balls to the plate. I saw a small screen on the entertainment unit. Marcy had her face very close to my ass. She was smiling as she looked at my struggling asshole. She opened her mouth and enclosed on my asshole. He tongue pressed against and invaded my asshole. She pinched and scratched my ass encouraging me to shit in her mouth. I felt a penis stroke my cheek, it was Bruno.

"Open your mouth," it told me, "no sucking just open." It pissed in my mouth. It was a foamy piss, but when I tasted it I was surprised. It was a cold drink that tasted like Root Beer. "You like it," it said down to me, "the Boom-boom Room's newest product. Now start drinking."

Marcy came again, again Mandy was between her thighs while she at a cream pie out of my asshole. The drink made me very horny and I was sure she would let me go to the bathroom but lessons came first. She had Mandy put an extra thick diaper and plastic pants over it.

"If the next lesion is about the cane," I said reluctantly, "I will not feel them through these diapers."

"That's because you are going to practice on Mandy's ass," said Marcy. "At the end of the lesson you will give me the cane. Raise too many bruises, welt, and blood. Then your diapers will be taken off and you get the lesson all over again on your ass." She smiles, "outside, and I'll invite the neighbours over for a little let's Butt-fuck Pontiac Party. So pay attention."

Bruno having the greater language skills showed me the difference between various canes that are used. Natural grass fibre canes similar to the rattan canes of Earth are a traditional favourite since such "woods" are a taste of the past. They also have a number of other woods that are less whippy and hit with various impacts. Canes made of various polymers are either made from oil or oils from commercial plants similar to our canola oils. Agriculture is still a main staple especially from industrial use as the planet is virtually out of any natural oil reserves. Metallic canes are also used some with various coverings to leave less of an impact. These give the hardest impact and are used as a last resort to get the message through. As part of my test I would have to give Marcy three strokes with one.

Then came practical practice on how use a cane. Mandy bent over the table and almost comically cried with each stroke. It still had a low rating vocal unit and made some pretty strange noises with each stroke. I was getting even more uncomfortable as I had to relax and mess the diaper while doing all of this. Marcy chirped in.

"Look you are not a machine," she explained. "Your eyes don't have built in laser targeting or muscles that once programmed can attack the same way over and over again. Just relax concentrate on the target. Wait till the client settles down and accepts the punishment. An Android like Bruno or even Mandy can give you a caning at one stroke every three seconds no matter how much you move every time. The pain would have you screaming for mercy, but psychology says wait. As a human you have lots of added bonuses so take careful aim and do it."

Bruno projected a grid on Mandy's target ass and pointed out the pattern of how I should lay it down. I just followed the green target line one after the other. They made me practice this for close to two hours before I took a break and watched Marcy kiss each cane before she bent across the desk.

"Three with the rattan cane," instructed Bruno. I picked up the cane and aimed at Marcy's upturned bottom.

"Shouldn't I give her a warm-up," I asked.

"No," snapped Bruno, "she's a spoiled brat that needs a good punishment. Or do you want to be her favourite Sex-a-terry on display for freebies with the clients?"

"Ouch," screeched Marcy as I delivered the blow. "Thank you Jones, May I have another."

"What," I hissed rolling my eyes and looking at the two androids. "Let's start again," I said calmly as I paced the floor. I don't think Marcy wanted extra strokes, but I did manage to take her by surprise.

"One," she cried, and I hit her again. "Thank you Master, may I have another."

The other two landed well, as I worked her way up her bum. I then switched to the wooden cane. With this one, I would place one on the upper thighs, lower bum, and then high almost on the spine. The first two landed and she gasped with the impact. My hand felt sweaty so I paced, used a nearby towel then checked my stance, aim and stroke. 

"Ahh, six," she screamed as the stroke landed too high almost on her back. "Thank you Master," she sobbed, "may I have another."

I switched to the polymer cane and looked at the two Android. Their expressions remained stern, I think almost disapproving. My stomach churned as a small wet messy fart came out. That didn't feel good. I then had to place the next three in between the lines so as to not cause blood to flow.

"Seven, ahhh,... thank you Master, may I have another."

"Eight, oohhh,... thank you Master, may I have another."

"Nine, heheheee, ... thank you Master, may I have another."

I felt the metal cane in my hands. That one would hit so hard I would probably be able to feel it through my dirty diapers. I felt like I was passing peanuts into them. With a calming breath my penis let loose with a torrent of warm water that I'm sure if I had thinner diapers on would flood down my legs. The thought of having unknown neighbour paddle and poke me kept me going.

"Owwww, ten, .... thank you Master, may I have another."

I was working from bottom to top, but I wanted to save the thickest and chubbiest part of her ass for last. Besides with that missed swing earlier the upper portion of her ass was very exposed. Careful aim for the bottom, wrist-roll and...

"Ahhh, eleven, sob, .. thank you Master, may I have another." 

I let her cry and compose herself. Her pussy seemed to be dripping and I don't think it was lubricant for sex. Unlike myself who was obliged not to hold in messing my diaper she was not suppose to pee in public. She was having a hard time containing herself. I knew I could make the last stroke a one a hard one, and I did.

"TWELVE! .... BAHHH, thank,... thank you Master, may I I, I, have sob another."

"Do you really need another," I asked stroking her very sore and swollen ass.

"I need to pee Master," she sobbed, "please let me pee I'll be good. Punish me fuck me, whatever you want. Please."

Mandy kicked a common metal bucket forward. We all knew how Marcy hated defecating in public, and that was even more punishment. I nodded towards the bucked and blushing with shame she squatted over it. When she finished I took a tissue and patted her pussy dry. She leaned towards me, she was wet and very excited.
