 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skys. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test; that all changed.

I had one day, not even a half day off when I found out just how much the Company was either screwing me, or just getting the most out of me. As a Courtesan Level 10 I had absolutely no privacy. The entire bachelor apartment was wired for sound and video. And not just for me, all rooms were like that for security purposes. As it turns out patrons to the Boom-boom Room, yea that's the name of the Corporation/Brothel Hotel Chain I work for, has a live feed channel where patrons can check me out before the use me. So I could be either watching TV, or going to the bathroom, and well some pervert is watching, checking out how much I cost depending on what they want to do with me. Class 10 Courtesans cost anywhere from one credit to five, unless somebody else wants to use me at the same time; then there is a bidding war. In my opinion the only "sexy" thing is do is shave my balls on camera every other day. But who knows, I also get an enema two to five times a day depending on how many people fuck me.

At any rate after I did my daily exercises, and other chores I was planning on taking a tour of the city when the door swung open. It was Mike my Overseerer/Trainers, and I think friend with some other fellow in a fancy suit carrying a suitcase. Not sure what to do, I got off the sofa and went down to my knees and looked at the floor.

"Get up Pontiac we're not here to play with you," said Mike quickly. Then to the guy, "this was the leader of the coral group Citizen Alfred Pontiac Jones." Then to me, "Pontiac this is Doctor Soggartis, he is a Music Consultant the Company has on retainer to scout, recruit, and train any Bonded Personnel who has musical talent. This may be your ticket out of here."

"Don't be so rude," the Doc snapped at Mike. He had one of those retractable canes that snapped out to a wicked three feet long. He hit the chair with a loud crack that definitely got my attention. "Boy-Toy Pontiac here, MAY be talented, but that is for ME to DECIDE!" And yes he flamed, or shouted each capped word and hit the sofa again. "You have ten seconds to get naked slave and bent over before I start adding two for every second you are over ten. You already have ten coming to you for being dressed when I entered the room."

Then he started counting, quickly I may add and found myself five seconds over. I was bent over holding my ankles to which he made sure I knew who was in charge. It was quite the inspection; he looked down my throat, teeth, and nose. Mandy lowered the lights and he had the entertainment centre change to visual aids as he had me start singing scales. It was a quick course on how to read music and reach the notes he wanted. I wasn't to force my voice, just be natural while projecting the sound and level he wanted. Then he threw a curve ball at me.

"Now can you sing while being buggered," he asked me.

"Excuse me Doctor," I stammered quickly, "the Boy-Toy doesn't understand the question."

"You are learning Erotic Opera," the Doctor explained pointing his cane at me. "I didn't bring this Class One Courtesan here with me to explain who he trains. He will fuck you up the ass to the beat of the music while you follow the notes on the monitor and sing. Now on your knees and elbows, ass up, look at the monitor. Mister Mike, what are you standing there for. Drop your pants and panties, get hard and get ready to work."

"Are you shitting me," asked Mike.

"NO!" There was a loud crack with that and Mike was on the receiving end of it. "I was told I would have total co-operation, and my dear old slave, you are still a Submissive, so get ready to work."

Mike got on his knees, lubricated my ass and slid his cock into me. As always it hurt when something large than one finger went up my bum. Mike and I both waited under his watchful eye. Once satisfied he smiled and started playing the music.

It was difficult to concentrate to singing while being buggered, but not impossible. I felt more sorry for Mike who was just plain not use to doing it to music. The Doc got behind him and used that cane on his ass more than me. I went through the song three times, just scales mind you but I did it. He then ordered us both to bend over the couch back side by side.

"Sorry about the mistakes," I whispered to Mike.

"This is horrible," hissed Mike, "I have to follow this guy all day long."

"Mandy penis-gage both these Courtesans," said the Doc looking up from his computer suitcase. "And give them both twenty with a leather paddle for talking."

Poor Mike, I thought for sure this guy was some weird client, but he wasn't, the Company actually had him on retainer to check out the musical abilities of bonded courtesans. Mike unfortunately was a fringe benefit. He became the sexual toy to the Mad Music Director as they went all the Earth Bonded Courtesans. It would have been a good mystery to work out, except there were more surprises to come.

"Get off that sofa," said Mandy smacking me on a very sore ass. "Get into the Dark Closet I need you fully cleaned up, the oral tube will feed you. We have a busy day today."

"Okay Mike just got taken by the Mad Music Director," I said to the Android. "Who's inside Mandy now?"

"I thought you would have figured that out by now," it chuckled back at me. "I'm Marcy Augusta McDermott, when I was a Class Ten Courtesan this was my room and the Android was L3R16. Level 3 Room 16, they gave it my Nickname of Mandy in honour of the day I made Imperial Courtesan Level Ten. One of our company directives was to turn the Imperial Courtesans on their head. I thought this was clever. Now get into that cleaning unit before I use some Instant-heal on you for a whole new level of pain."

While I was in the closet a video played through the goggles explaining to me that Instant-heal while wickedly healing all signs of trauma inside and out compacts the pain as well. So while the healing pads, which are old school, heal you and leave a lingering pain while the sub-surface tissue still heals; Instant-heal compresses the whole process. Most patients are kept unconscious while this happen but some real sick person would could do this kind of S&M on you are awake.

"Put this on," said Mandy/Marcy when I came out of the Dark Closet. It was that butt plug with the gem in the base.

"These things were not too popular on Earth," I told her as I grimaced and forced the darn thing into me. "Glue or something, the glass gem just pops out."

"We have some better adhesives methods out here than on your primitive planet."

"Ouch," I tried to move it comfortably into position, "are you enjoying yourself?"

"Not really; I'm just measuring how much you are willing to inflict pain on yourself."

"Oh, and the result?"

"Lowest level possible, you would rather have somebody or machine do it for you. Now put the suit on." I bent over to put my silk boxer's on. "It does look so nice in you," she added.

Marcy or Mandy remained silent as I put the suit on. I never dreamed what a pure silk suit felt like. On Earth a suit like this would come from, Italy or Hong Kong and cost at least a thousand bucks, probably more. Wide shoulders, tight double breasted waist, lapels, and cuffs on the pants which screamed; look I can afford all this material. The shirt had a nice high collar to which when the matching tie was added completely covered my bonded slave collar. There was even a matching hat which almost gave me a gangster like look. I would have felt like a king in such a suit if I didn't have a darn butt-plug up my ass reminding me I was an owned sex-toy.

"Should I wear my ring," I asked Mandy.

"Wear this fake one," said the Android handing me a ring with a matching space diamond that was one tenth the size of the one between my ass-cheeks. "It's registered in your name, but if somebody does a records search they will find it goes to Miss Marcy's Company Bank Account. So don't get carried away with it, just use it with the splash of a Class Ten Gigolo."

"Gigolo," I chuckled as she lead me to the door. "What no move along with a firm slap on the rump?"

"I'm saving that for when I have you given a real punishment," said Mandy/Marcy.

"Well; look what rolled in with the fleet," smirked the Prince from his usual position in the Punishment Booth outside the elevators. "My little brother's a Gigolo," he said to his android.

"Give him fifty with the belt," I told the android.

"You have to pay for it," the Prince laughed.

I waved my ring over a chest piece on the android's chest and saw its eyes light up. The Prince screamed in terror as the Android mechanically picked up a paddle and pressed it to the Prince's lips to kiss. It then moved to one side and waited for me to nod before it gave the first stroke.

"Did you invent Instant-heal," I asked the terrified Prince.

"No," he shrugged hanging his head in shame. The Android patted his rump. "I know," he said to the Android, "double if I lie. I commissioned the group of scientist to come up with the stuff. We had better ways of interrogating prisoners, but I enjoyed watching the results. Do you know if you do it too often the prisoner dies from the effect? Is that enough I don't enjoy this."

"Butt-fuck him too," I said to the Android bringing my ring to its chest. "Stroke his cock while you're doing it to make him enjoy it."

"You bastard," screamed the Prince as we headed into the elevator. "You're not my genetic brother, you're my bastard son." 

If he had anything else to say while he was being punished I didn't hear it the doors are pretty sound-proof. I went to stop the elevator, see what he was confessing to. The Android stopped me.

"Don't waste your time on him," Marcy's voice said from the Android. "He was a consummate liar when he was on display at the Imperial House on Saint Berry. Five years back they worked some kind of clemency deal and moved him hear. Now he just hangs here waiting for somebody to punish him. We still get well paid as travellers from all over Green Gem of the Middle Kingdom show up just to beat on him. I'd rather be shoved out an airlock than be where he is, forever."

"Nasty version of hell," I had to comment just before the door opened.

Marcy's office was a hive of activity as what were once decorative desks now had operators and active computers. Marcy looked harried and dishevelled with a blue-tooth-like headset on dictating in several different directions. She signalled us to come to her. 

"Welcome to Administrative Hell," she told me. "You're first assignment as a Junior Executive with the Boom-boom Room concerns this felon here." She pointed to a Middle Kingdom woman who sat on a chair looking a mess. He skin was not a very dark colour, more coffee coloured like the high nobles of the planet. She had a new collar on her neck which shined against her skin. A Room Android stood behind her while her Court Appointed Attorney was a face in a hovering TV.

"I am Princess Camille Dos-Collins you second rate Courtesan," she spat at Marcy.

"Maybe we should call her Coffee," I said to Marcy loud enough for her and her attorney to hear, "that way anybody from the Middle Kingdom will not be showing up just to torture her."

"That would be a good idea," suggest the Attorney, "the crew of your Space Yacht are making heavy demands for back-pay they may want to use you in lieu of payment. Those sort of things happen out here." 

"I'm not sure if that's a good idea," said Marcy showing me he computer clipboard, "she ran up over eight million in gambling debts and her bank account have been frozen."

"I am a member of the Royal Family," snarled the fallen Princess, "the King himself will have words with you."

"She was caught giving oral sex in the elevators," added Marcy.

"Barter is legal on Free Skyes," she cried.

"Only with company personnel," corrected Marcy, "we covered that issue already."

"So what's the problem," I asked looking down on the spoiled brat, "strip her, take her to a room and advertize if anybody want to spank and fuck a real Princess come on down."

"Nobody touches or fucks me unless I say so," snapped the brat.

"That's the problem," concluded Marcy.

"Well," I smiled looking down at her, "under those conditions we could probably have you here till you are eight hundred years old. Look at me Princess," she looked up at me. "You don't want to spend the next eight hundred years dusting room do you?"

"But the King," she whimpered in a sudden fear, "he's my Godfather. He wouldn't let this happen."

"What makes you thing," I said sternly, "the all powerful King of the Middle Kingdom is not punishing you already. Did you disobey him before?"

"Only once," she confessed to me, "he spanked me."

"I see," I said sternly. I on an inspiration, (and I hope not from that asshole I left in the hallway,) I helped her out of the chair and sat down confidently legs apart. She kept looking at me like a frightened little girl. "So what did he do?"

"He put me over his lap," she confessed putting my legs together and lying across my lap, he rumpled rust coloured evening dressed fanny looking at me. "And spanked me."

"Like this," I asked giving a few slaps on the bottom making sure she felt it. "I don't believe you," I added as I lifter her dress up and off her bottom. "Was it more like this," I added giving her a few more on the panties covered bottom. She took the punishment rather well as if she was use to it.

"Let's be honest with each other," I pulled down her panties, "it was on the bare. And something much harder."

"Yes," she whimpered.

I spanked her harder, her coffee covered bottom slowly got redder and redder. She began to sob and twist her body. Her legs were no longer together and her stylishly shaved pussy became very visible. From between her pussy lips a thick cream of pre-orgasmic fluid began to ooze out.

"Admit it," I said to her, "you're enjoying this, and you want more."

"Yes," she sobbed, "please fuck me."

I threw her off my lap and over an empty desk that was next to us. Her panties, so white and slightly soiled on the floor; her dress pulled up to her shoulders. She literally came on my pants through to my underwear.

"You soiled my pants," I snapped at her. "What are the Middle Kingdom's traditional punishment instruments," I asked Marcy.

"Hand, paddle, belt, and strap, for warm-ups," chirped the android, "then for punishment the Royal Paddle, riding crop, and the standard cane."

"Well for this Royal bum it's the Royal Paddle," I said to her, "Mandy go get one. So you want to be fucked," I said to the Princess. "I know you can give head, and by the size of your pussy lips I'd say plenty of people have been there. Where else have you been fucked?"

"As a part of my Sexual Education Class," she cried, "I had to get it up the bum. It hurt, please don't."

"Lube it," I said to her android. "Erotic," I added quietly.

When a sub gets erotic lube shoved up their ass; they get very horny. When it's on a person's penis, they feel very horny too and ready to conquer the world. Considering my penis was smaller than the average Middle Kingdom Male; I was gambling she would enjoy what I was going to do to her.

I slowly worked myself into her upturned bottom. As the lube made my dick tingle I resisted the urge and fuck her madly as I worked to get her comfortable to it. Eventually she started moaning and raising herself up to it. This made me want to fuck her long and hard.

"Oh please fuck me," she begged, "oh that feels so good." I had to grab her arms and keep them behind her back. I started banging her as hard as possible. "Oh I can feel your balls," she screamed.

"You Earthmen take too long," Marcy snapped at me as a belt landed across my bottom. "She's finished."

"But I'm not," I said. The look in her eye as she casually moved around the desk. I pulled my aroused penis out of her and looked for my pants.

"Your pants are soiled," Marcy told me. "Come over here and take the rest of your cloths off. Android L3R25 give her twenty."

As the Princess cried out with each heavy swat on her naked bottom I stood where she could see me and stripped. I turned and saw a bin where my pants were and started tossing my clothes in there. I wasn't till I sat on the edge of the desk to take off my shoes and socks when she really screamed.

"What's with this you're a COURTESAN?"

"Yes and I'm testing him," said Marcy, "he's my boy-toy."

"By the way I'm not finished," I added. I signalled the Android to stop paddling her. "Princess how many swats have you received?"

"I don't," she stammered, "I don't know."

"Exactly," I said, "now start all over and thank me." The first swat landed.

"Ouch, one. Thank-you sir, may I have another."

"Wrong," I snapped. "I am a Level Ten Bonded Sex Slave. Start again."

"But a level ten is the highest level possible of Royal Courtesans, I'm honoured."

"Wrong again," we all laughed at her.

"A Level Ten Bonded Sex Slave is the absolute lowest one can get," I told her. "For the most part all of Level Three has company internet cameras as we try to sell you to our patrons. Is that in her contract."

"She signed off on that," smiled Marcy, "even this event is a live feed."

"I wonder what Prince Otto would say?" Prince Otto was the King's younger brother and Governor of the Planet.

"He wouldn't waste his time here," she spat and then through the pain and tears smiled. "I hope it shocks him."

"After twenty years on this planet," noted Mandy, "and one hundred and forty-two visits he just might come by and fuck you too. Continue with the punishment."

"One," she gasped after the first landed, "thank you may I have another Level Ten Bonded Sex Slave."

"Was he really here," I asked Marcy. She showed me the report overview. Large parts went blank.

"Why did so many go blank," I asked.

"Only level two and up may see," she told me. "Now let's see I owe you a punishment."

"Ahem," said the lawyer, "are we finished?"

"Sorry," said Marcy to him respectfully, "I thought you were doing other things."

"Oh I thought I did a good job hiding the fact I was playing with myself," he snickered.

"We got level 4 Courtesans who can deal with that banter," she laughed back at him. "Okay the Princess is being processed in. She'll need about four hours rest in her new room before you should ask her for a real decision. As far as I can see, she will start out as a Level Ten Bonded Sex Slave, and will only receive the usual range of spankings and fuckings. Now that only pays about one to five credits for four hours work. We can keep it at that and her name is Coffee. But as Princess Camille Dos-Collins we can triple the fees as people just love punishing a spoiled brat. The Room Android is there to make sure she is not hurt too badly, cutting, or accidental bleeding due to too many spanks. She shows any talent or high demand, her prices will go up and we do test our courtesans like this boy-toy." She patted me on the bottom. "He goes both ways," she added.

"Naa," he smiled, "I'm too straight for that. Jones, hey you ain't Pontiac Jones are you."

"Yes sir," I blushed all over and my dick went hard.

"They play him all the time," he laughed. "Okay got'ta go," the screen went black and the phone unit floated away.
