 As we last left off I finally got my citizenship authorization; and talk about bureaucracy, it too all of a minute for everything to be electronically processed. The company was holding all of the belonging patrons had purchased for me as gifts, and an identification ring slash debit card. I didn't have any credit, but an active bank account recognized on all Coalition Starsystems, and affiliated stations. Not that I owned much to speak about to which I had a ten foot long closet to put them in. Three suits, sort of; a bitch'en grey suit made of silk complete with shoes, sensible under clothing, shirt, and tie; with a cryptic note saying; put these on when I tell you.

My other two suit bags were of the Heredshe male clothing style. One suit was a sailor suit with an extremely short skirt, garters, nylons, and string bikini which when properly tied at the back made you look like you were gift-wrapped. The second suit bag was, almost as bad. A house dress: that Lucille Ball would probably have worn on the TV show from I Love Lucy. However Lucy would have no chest. The outfit was complete with wide sun hat, wig, ear-rings, pearl necklace, a lace slip, sensible panties that while covering my whole bottom covered in lace-work, nylons, garter belt, and sensible shoes with only an inch and a half heel. The outfit even had a matching purse, although I didn't have a clue why.

"To carry your make-up in," Mandy the Room Android told me as she climbed into her company issue coveralls. "Heredshe still has a deleted ozone layer and skin cancer is a problem especially with the male population. You should practice putting it on, I may not be with you all the time."

"This isn't so bad," I said as I looked at myself in the mirror. "I'm not going gay am I," I asked rhetorically as I lifter the skirt and noted my seamed nylons looked definitely straight and if I was a woman that was a great ass I was looking at.

"Difficult to say," noted Mandy as she gave me a light pat on the bottom. "It's two o'clock, you have to back by ten, House Curfew Rules, you still have regulated hours of sleep. Now grab your purse and let's go."

"I don't need a purse," I argued leaving the purse in the closet. "If I buy anything who would I carry it?"

"You're trusty android will do that," it replied and hit me on the bottom with the purse.

I took the purse and followed it out the door. The Boom-boom Room suddenly looked so much different when you are on your own time and free of any client commitments. Shabby green shag carpeting that while supposedly gave a jungle feel also helped deaden the noise of people being spanked.

In the elevator waiting area for my floor a man with golden coloured skin hung inside a punishment booth while two Middle Kingdom merchant spacemen took turns whipping him with their belts. The guy hanging there was covered with welts from shoulders to knees and was struggling not to cry out. Finally the elevator arrived, and I didn't get in because they looked dangerous.

"We'll take the next one," I told them and turned to look at the fellow sex slave.

"What did he do," I finally asked once the elevator door closed.

"I murdered over twenty-five million of my own people little brother," the punished sex slave said.

"You can whip him too if you want," the punished sex slave's Android said offering me a very sturdy leather paddle.

"I couldn't," I gasped moving away from the paddle.

"Heck," said Mandy taking the paddle, "this is the good stuff, real leather."

"You're not going to make me do this," I asked defensively. "Besides, a murderer would be executed in some gruesome way that's the law."

"You don't know the Middle Kingdom little brother," chuckled the punished slave. "They could pump you up with anti-ageing drugs, and leave you in some brothel to be made fun of for the end of time."

"Alright," I said taking the paddle. I half wanted to, and yet didn't want to punish a fellow sex slave, unless. "I got it! you're a patron who wants to be punished by some anonymous people. I don't give spankings unless I'm paid to do it."

"Great vomits! Android tell this child who I am."

"Citizen Jones," said the Android formally, "you stand before Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom. He who used his talent and caused the Great War of Succession that caused the death of over twenty-five million inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom, and Green Gem. Doomed to live in a cage and tormented by many. Be thankful that his reign of terror ended, for he would have enslaved your planet as well." The Android then applied some instant-heal spray on his ass and the welts and redness disappeared as I watched. 

"There," said Mandy, "now you can practice in case a client asked for a whipping. Remember he is standing so get a little upward action of catching his bottom's sit spot."

"Like I ever get a chance to sit down," cursed the Prince. Then to me, "you don't have a big dick under those panties do you. I hate getting fucked."

It was interesting paddling him. Even though he was trussed up on the rack spread eagle he literally cringed as I swished the paddle near his bottom. After a couple slaps on the bottom I paused to feel and see if I broke the skin. He actually tried to move away from me.

"I thought people into BDSM were switches," I asked the androids, "went both ways."

"Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom," announced the punishment android "is a true dominant. There is nothing worse than being subjected to a punishment he so often would relish in giving."

"Oh shut da fuck up," the prince cried at the android, "now I'm being used as a training tool by class eight courtesans."

"Actually he's still a class ten," announced Mandy.

"NO!"

"Would you like to fuck him now," announced the punishment android as it held up a finger dripping with lube.

"NO! Pity me little brother."

"I don't know," I joked in half anxiety, "is his asshole clean?"

"I could give him a one quart enema right here," said the android formally as it took a enema bag out of a closet behind it and a large bucket.

"Well," I asked Mandy, "would we have the time to wait for him to be cleaned out."

"I'm afraid not citizen."

"I got all day off tomorrow," I said skipping into the elevator, "see ya then."

The door closed as the Prince cursed at me and I felt like giggling. I wondered for a moment what the heck was happening to me. I looked to my Earth trained eyes ridiculous. I was not a guy in drag, no bra on to make me look female, and yet by Heredshe standards sexy. I pressed my purse down and tried to cover my rising hard-on.

"Are you touching yourself," Mandy asked me.

"Kind'a," I confessed feeling very embarrassed, "these clothes are making me feel sexy and I'm embarrassed." 

"We can fix that," said Mandy as she bent me over her knee lifted the skirt and quickly paddled my bottom. 

By the time the elevator arrived on the main level any idea of my rising pecker was gone. We passed a crowd of patrons, android and other slaves heading in as we headed out. The lights were on low and diffused light drifted in through the windows making rays of sunlight streak into the lobby. As we walked toward the main entrance I suddenly realized this was the first time I was looking out the front door leading away from the Starport and into the Free Zone.

The Free Zone from the front steps was very interesting. I half expected seeing a driveway with taxi cabs and limo's driving in and out. There was none, everybody used hover-cars and landed at a level fifty feet above ground level. There was a subway entrance/exit to the left and a well worn cobblestone road through a park towards the city. Oddly though; the sky was a complete white.

"I thought the sky would have more blue in it," I said to Mandy as she lead me down a road.

"You're looking at the roof of the dome," explained Mandy in mechanical recital tones. "The Free Zone has its own protective dome to keep prying eyes out, and is easy for those with repertory problems. Before you ask the park we are walking through is more than to have trees grow and a green space. If the Spaceport is shut down this open space would be used by the police and or military to blockade." We passed a couple, a man and a woman. He was naked wearing a large spiked collar and squatted like a dog having a movement. "It's also a good space for people when their pets need to relieve themselves."

A robotic pooper-scooper made rude noises as it rolled up and scooped up the mess. The man looked even more embarrassed as his girlfriend bent slightly to wipe his upturned ass. I just stood there, my jaw dropped to the ground. The woman spotted me and walked up to us.

"Never took a pet for a walk," she asked me. Her dog, was even more inquisitive as he pocked his nose right towards my crotch and sniffed.

"Well," I stammered. The dog yelped and pulled away from me and cowered behind his lady/owner.

"Oh excuse me," she smiled politely, "are you from Herdshe?"

"No Mistress," I said politely lowering my eyes from her, "I'm from the protected planet Earth and bonded to the Boom-boom Room. I guess you could say I'm a virgin in some respects."

"Interesting," she said as she politely reached out and raised my face to her. "Why are you out here? I though all Bonded Sex Slaves were confined to their owners."

That darn chatty Mandy had to choose that meeting to clam up and leave me hanging. The Lady was a local and looked more like Audrey Hepburn with the same grace and manners. Her boyfriend while playing a timid dog was shaved hairless but seemed no bigger than me, physically, kept hiding and looking at my crotch and seemed frightened. She had such beautiful eyes.

"It's my day off," I explained, "Mistress, my first day off since I got here. This is all so new to me and please pardon my staring at you and your dog. But may I ask, why is he so frightened of me?"

"Well," she laughed, "my boyfriend here is submissive and would do anything to please me. And since we can't have real pets he's agreed to be my dog. I've also been debating loudly with him that he should be a bitch, and taken by a man who's not afraid to do anything. And you can't be a Herdshe male, they have such small.... tools. I think he's afraid I might have you take his virginity."

"Mister Jones's activities are strictly negotiated by the Boom-boom Room," said Mandy giving her an electronic business card.

"Why thank you," she said taking the card. Then to me, "can you think or any other humiliation I should put him through?"

"Oh," I smiled looking down at the dog, "let's see, fetching the stick, ball, no, too tame." I smiled and whispered into her ear. "Get him a small to medium butt-plug with a dog tail attachment. It's uncomfortable and noticeably humiliating." The Lady laughed and lead her dog along in a different direction.

"Why did you wait so long when she questioned me," I asked Mandy as we strolled towards the city.

"Testing and observing," it told me. "My main parameter it to make sure the people assigned to my room work to better themselves. The conversation could go in a thousand directions, but you have to remember who you are and who owns you. You did well. How did you know about the dog tails?"

"We have them on Earth," I laughed, "but I bet your version has an automatic tail that wags back and forth."

"We do," agreed Mandy, "you show a remarkable intelligence. For an Earthman," it added.

We came to a shopping mall, it stood about ten stories tall since space was at a premium. There was an elevated mono-rail that ran in double lanes, and even an elevated parking garage for hover-cars. The building itself was made of formed concrete with stone facing at the base making the place seem ready to stand for a very long time. Over the arched door was the number six.

"What does the six stand for," I asked Mandy.

"The Six Corps," it told me. "As space travelers we steel ideas from other cultures and in a way make it our own. The Six Corps came from information we received from a group of aliens who have been studying Earth for the past thousand years. Do you know the story of the Six Corps?"

"No I don't," I told it.

"During the reign of Louis the Thirteenth; The Six Corps was the first corporation of six small guilds who combined their resources and space for the sale of commercial items. Clothing could only be purchased from the clothing guild, hats from another guild, swords, sword belts, all sorts of commercial items. Within twenty years the Six Corps had over one hundred and twenty small guild shops selling from their one store. I guess you could say they were the first Walmart of the Late Middle Ages. Some smart businessmen did the same here and turned a hundred small manufacturers into the first shopping mall."

"Cool," I said looking up and started to head in.

"Wait a minute," she said grabbing me by the arm and pulling me away from the door. "If we don't have an agenda of what we are going to do inside, every store will be sending me messages and enquiries to the point where I break down. So give me some information that I can use to politely turn them down while looking for what you want to do."

"Okay," I said moving back to a park bench. I made sure my skirt folded under my bottom and kept my knees together as we sat down. "Now, no need to do this in any particular order right?"

"Correct."

"I would like to have a snack from some place outside the Boom-boom Room. And not wholesome, just nice to eat on a day off that a person from Earth could eat. And I promise not to eat too much," I added respectfully.

"Good," it nodded.

"Also I need some cloths. I've seen advertisement on the television, and I haven't seen anything nice, can we be, on the cheap and yet made to order?"

"Can be done."

"And I know this sound feminine," I was embarrassed to say it, "but I am curious, so can we still just window shop?"

"Okay," smiled Mandy back at me standing up, "we've got more culture shock to come."

"I know," I said getting up, "and I can't wait to see it."

All this happened while a minor throng of people, androids, and robots moved about not paying any attention to us. I didn't notice it at the time but a floating robot camera left its position from a group hovering by a street-lamp and began following us. Once through the air-lock doors the air inside the Mall seemed cleaner and cooler. The mall was no different from any other on Earth in some respects.

To the left on Earth you may see "A Buck or Two" discount store, at the Six Corps Mall, "A Credit or Two". To the right instead of a medical clinic, a body modification shop. Computer animated 3D images of larger male dicks, women with variable size boobs, butts, and even fur covering. Things went from one extreme to another; something sensed I was a man. I saw a guy who looked like me, reflecting back at me. First his naked penis went very long. Shave genitals grew hair, then it went thicker, changed colour, I looked like a fox. It leaned forward, parted it's ass cheeks and a tail grew from its spine then grew foxy fur too. Even the face changed to look like a fox.

"We can even do simple modification," added a voice from somewhere. The animation showed me bending over and parting the ass cheeks till we were looking inside the human body. "Tired of always stopping to have your lover insert some lube? One simple operation and a genetically grown Heredshe male gastric gland can be inserted and a part of your body. So when you get horny your ass will automatically start lubricating for anal insertion. Also the Earth Human body has the prostate gland in a deep odd location; why not have a citreous added instead. One two three up the rectal wall, you can achieve an orgasm just as fast as anyone else. Having a bowel movement would suddenly become pleasing even while wearing a diaper. Or better still inside your throat for satisfaction while giving your lover oral sex."

I had to turn away, the image of me wearing a diaper and having an orgasm while taking a crap in a clear diaper was so disgusting. Mandy followed me and patted me on the bottom as we moved. We passed two other health booths before it said anything.

"Think of it as a negotiation point," she advised. "You may become the sex slave to some rich and powerful people. They may want to take you up the ass on a regular basis so the gastric gland implant may not be your choosing. You can say no accept a lower position or yes, get better pay, and eventual freedom."

"I suppose," I said, "I hate to admit it, at time I really enjoy anal sex. Just, a clit up my ass, pooping diapers."

"Not everybody like it," it chuckled.

"So is it water I'll be passing when I'm horny?"

"Oh no, the secretions of the gastric gland are a liquefied fat. Men store that fat inside their body's right here," it patted my belly.

"My Overseerer," I gasped realizing his fat belly.

"He was a Class One Courtesan by the time he gained his freedom. I guess he doesn't get it up the ass too often. His belly would be flatter then."

Well that made me think as my Android was obviously very familiar with the Six Corp Mall. We passed a number of fake punishment booths where patron stood or bent over spanking post their cloths in neat piles beside them. Various prostitutes were in roped off areas but not too far away cheap thrills would take place against the wall. Then to counter-point that preachers from ancient costumed to wearing modern cloths stood preaching against such disgusting attitudes. On the other hand, the Vergoth Religion, had their own chapel right in the mall to which people were lined up to enter.

"Your presence is not appreciated Slave," a burley Vergoth Security Guard said to me.

"Why," I asked feeling a bit of anger grow in me, "what did I do to hurt you?"

"You waste your time and sexual powers for the commerce of others," he growled back at me. "You should use your beauty to make a woman happy, provide her with strong children and care for them."

"Let's move along Jonesy," Mandy said pleasantly but gave me a warning smack on the bottom.

"I want to figure this guy out," I protested quietly to Mandy as it lead me away. I looked over my shoulder, the Vergoth religious symbol is an obvious stick cartoon of two people having sex. "They like having sex, and yet hate me?"

"Hate is a very strong word," instructed Mandy as it directed me to a street cafe. Reluctantly I had to sit on a cold wrought iron chair and listened to its lecture. "They disagree with our version of commerce, or public service. Besides the Vergoth are definitely against Homosexuality. They approve of experimentation, only if it is to show that a homosexual relationship cannot lead to a healthy family life."

"Homosexual couples can't have children," I asked it as I checked a selection on an electronic menu that was a part of the table. "But I saw a few TV shows where homosexual and lesbian couples were raising children."

"Very true," agreed Mandy, "but it is legal for Homosexuals to have children when they meet the legal process. The Vergoth Religion has be lobbying many planetary governments to change the laws. So far they only have about two percent of the popular vote, so they are watched."

The electronic menu pad slid back into the table and a cover slid into place to protect the electronics from any spilled drinks. A "sexy" fem-robot in a stylized waitress uniform, double D tits, wide hips, very fake hair on her basket ball size head with a painted smile stepped up to the table. On its left arm held a large platter. The left was a mechanical hand that waved in a friendly manor. Her belly opened and another pair of robotic arms popped out. One arm sprayed disinfectant on the table while the other wiped it up.
