 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out alright. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

I woke up six hours later laying on the silk sheets of the master bed back on the Pricilla a private 400 ton Space Yacht Jane borrowed from her cousin the Governor of Free Skyes. There was a thick bondage belt across my waist that kept me centre in the bed. I had a diaper on and the usual black wrist and ankle cuffs. I guess I must have been fighting in my sleep; I do that from time to time, and kicked the covers off. There was the slight buzz of a headache in my head that was drifting away, but my joints ached like I had a bad cold.

"Hello," I asked wondering if there was a monitor on. "Is anybody home?"

"We're a little busy right now," called Laura's voice over the intercom. "I'll release you from the bed, but don't try to put your hands below your waist. There is some food on the side table, eat, bend over the spanking post and wait. I left a book for you to read while waiting." 

There was a loud click, and the belt detached itself from the centre strap on the bed. I looked at myself in one of the mirrors. The belt sealed over the top of some rather thick diapers which had tight seals around the legs. The side table had a bowl of soup, sandwich, and a drink. It was a slave table, to eat at it; meant you had to kneel at the table and eat. It wasn't soup but some thick porridge and the sandwich very mild cheese on white bread. The drink was that energy root-beer that I knew would make me horny and ready to go, ouch. So rather than go hungry I ate the bland horny meal before heading to the spanking post.

Once in position there was an audible click as the magnets in the belt and ankles locked into position. I didn't panic, why should I; just more mental torture. On a table within easy reach of me was a book, a strap, and a rattan cane. On the strap was a post-it note with the message lick me first, I'll be licking you soon. So I kissed and licked it. The cane said kisses me, and the book was rather interesting.

"Study this book," the post-it said, "there will be a test, lick and kisses for wrong answers."

The book was an information book on Talents and Clairvoyance. Believe it or not a true talent and clairvoyant can actually see what the future lotto numbers would be with one hundred percent accuracy. There is absolutely no gambling that goes on in the Coalition. Oh there are still private bets that go on, but nothing like the games of Earth. Talents can for example make a person buy a certain brand of coffee or clothing, but only on a small individual basis. There was only one Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock of the Middle Kingdom.

He had the power to convince his small inner circle of talented followers to join their powers to his and appeal to a mass audience. He was far worse than Adolf Hitler could ever be in that he could convince the thousands that showed up to his live rallies to take up his cause. He blitzed the media and was quick to silence any dissenters simply because his followers could read the minds of those around him. It was interesting reading.

"Interesting reading," asked Bill as he felt my diapered ass.

"Yes Cane Master," I said truthfully, "can I go to the bathroom?"

"Sure," he swatted me on the bottom, "you got it right here."

"Ohhh," I groaned and let go. There was no use in holding it in, a slave can never win an argument. Once you start going there is no stopping feeling you warm urine flow against your body. Feeling your own crap fill the crack of your ass was worse. Bill placed another tray of "food" in front of me. Same stuff as before.

"Aren't you going to ask me where we are," he asked as he groped my filling diaper.

"I'm afraid to ask," I said tasting the porridge. 

"That stuff normally comes out of an android's butt," Bill pointed out. "Actually we're in a military space-dock. Lots of space here; so this small ship will not be noticed."

"Why we smuggling something?"

"No, just packing some place for free while we wait for our cargo to go back to Free Skyes is put together. You really fucked things up you know."

"Yea well I'm tired of playing Alice in Wonderland, when am I going to wake up?"

That was a dumb thing to say, but I had to say it. Bill picked up a large goalie stick of a paddle and gave me one really hard one that went right through the messy diaper. The shock made me drop my spoon of porridge and my feet would have been kicking if I wasn't tied down. Again another lecture punctuated by hard swats.

"Does... this... seem... like... a... dream?!?"

"No Cane Master!" I shouted, "thank you Cane Master for the reality."

"You swore at one of the greatest men in the Coalition. Security had to intervene. That nice old man verbally chastised the Secret Police Officer and Jane for what he called a natural reaction. Because of you, she and you are banished from Vacation Planet until you earn your freedom.

"Meanwhile I was making a great deal to run some home-made Ancient Hooch back to Free Skyes at a monstrous profit. All I have to do is to wait the four days Mistress Jane, your future wife, arranged for you two to spend with the family. So we're hiding out here. I owe it to Prince Otto for his ship to make some profit, we don't gallivant in space.

"And that's another thing; he told me that he never fully believed Jane's vision that you two would become husband and wife. He read your future just by holding your hands. He likes you. Says you bring out the best in her. Now you got me there."

"What did he see when he held my face," I had to ask.

"He did what?"

"He touched my face with his warm hands and looked into my eyes. What did he do that for?"

"Gee maybe he does have his own kinks," said Bill for a stunned moment. "Well it doesn't matter," he snapped back into control. "He wants me to help you two kids fall in love with each other, so I'm not going to let you both screw each other."

"Well who says I want to screw a porn star?"

"Eat your dinner or I'll have Soupy water it down and enema it into you."

So I ate the meal and despite the crappy diaper I ended being as horny as a three balled alley cat. Sometime later Soupy came back and through the technical magic of the horse my hands and feet elevated my torso off the horse so that he could put a bucket under me. He inserted speculum up my asshole after cleaning my butt and forced my anus open. Using a small hose he inserted it into my bottom and flushed me out.

Just when you felt there was no limits to the humiliations I had to go through a speculum enema was another level. Soupy could see right into me and took a good look of what was in me. He played with the nozzle, my balls and cock and milked me. It was not my idea of a good time as my cum dripped out of me.

"You finished with him," Bill asked Soupy.

"Almost," said Soupy, "he sure hates being milked," he laughed as he carried away all his enema equipment and I was lowered back over the horse.

"Okay," said Bill as the magnetic locks released me, "get over here."

He was standing at the foot of the master bed and holding a penis-gage. Reluctantly I went to him knowing full well I was in for more punishment. Once the gage was strapped into place he took out a remote control and my wrist locked together. He adjusted it, and I was lifted to the left foot post of the large bed. Bill made a big show of him putting on a rubber glove while Soupy held my legs apart. He then held up a jar with some bright red cream inside in. I could smell the slight sent of menthol. I tried to struggle but he put two finger-full's of the stuff up my ass. Struggle as I tried my ankles were then locked to either side of the post. The four poster bed was very solid, and the posts about a foot wide at the base with ornamental carving. With the waist belt locked against the post the carving of a penis pressed between my bottom cheeks but not into me. A good ass fucking would eliminate the ointment, but it didn't happen. 

"What's that stuff," asked Soupy foolishly.

Bill expertly shoved him over one knee while still standing, dropped Soupy's pants and thong panties then invaded his ass with the same two fingers. Soupy howled with pain and pleasure. Bill left the master bedroom as Soupy chased after him pulling up his trousers. Just when I felt the pain up my asshole and cock couldn't get worse it did.

The lights in the room dimmed dark except for the lights in the top of the four postured canopy bed. Laura led Jane by a leash into the room. They were both naked and fresh from the shower and Jane was very submissive to Laura. It was humiliating as the two of them made love in the bed at my feet. I had to strain and listen to them.

"I don't want to do this Laura," pleaded Jane as she spread her legs to Laura's gentle hands.

"Too bad," whispered Laura, "you wanted a Fucking Good Vacation, and you're getting it."

"I want his cock in me," moaned Jane.

"You had his cock in you."

"It was too fast. I was in such a hurry," she started to cry. "Please don't do this to me."

Laura coolly moved off the bed and picked up a cell phone. She was whispering, but I could still hear her. Worse still I could also hear Bill's voice coming into her ear.

"Sir, she said the safe word. We can't go any further."

"Okay hand her up on the opposite bed-post, gage her too. And use the ass-hole cream. She can have a horny time too."

So that's how we spent the night together, hanging there; facing each other. I was fascinated by her tits and the way they moved as she breather. She watched me too, I had no idea what she was thinking. It was the beginning or an interesting relationship.

We both woke up that morning in bed together. Somehow, I guess pure exhaustion allowed them to take us down and put us into bed together. We both lustfully touched each other but were hit to a sudden stop. We were both wearing chastity belts.

"I can't touch your," I said, then stopped, "sorry Mistress."

"Stop that Mistress stuff," she told me, "I just want your cock."

"Good luck," I groaned.

"We can do other things beside fuck," she smiled and kissed me. We were both very horny and frustrated. No amount of hip grinding could please either of us. I was able to suck on Jane's breast like a starving new-born, and she did mine.

"How long have you two been up," asked Laura.

"A little over an hour," said Jane not even looking at a clock.

"Well time for breakfast," said Jane. "We have another busy day and a test for Mister Jones here."

I watched Jane get dressed but Laura would not indulge me, she grabbed me by the ear and lead me out of the Master Bedroom. She pointed to a pair of high-heeled shoes for me to wear and I reluctantly put them on. The metal floors and grating can be hard on the feet. Once in the longue she went to the kitchenette to fix herself a cup of coffee.

"So," I asked looking at Bill reading his electro clipboard, Soupy watching TV while eating a bowel of cereal. "Where's my normal drab meal?"

"You can fix it yourself," said Bill, "the safe word was called, I don't need a horny sex slave running about. Fix it yourself."

"Okay," I said looking in the fridge, "ahh, I never chose my own food before."

"Say what," said Bill looking up.

"Well," I was rather embarrassed, "my room Android kept careful track of what I ate, and made sure I would exercise every day. I, er, well..."

"Well what," said Laura.

"We Earthmen are by nature lazy," I confessed. "We don't eat right, don't exercise enough. If I didn't have Mandy on my ass all day long I would be a gross fat-body."

"Who's Mandy," asked Soupy.

"It was his room-android," said Jane, "a BOSS Agent broke it. I read the file too, he has to be watched and motivated to exercise every day. Earthmen are a very primitive race."

"Fine," said Bill, "you brought him here, you exercise him and feed him. But he's still here for entertainment."

"Oh," asked Jane.

"That's right," said Bill getting up and picking up a rattan cane. "Bend over the spanking post Mister Jones, test time." 

I cringed like a monster cock was about to enter my ass as I bent over the spanking post. That darn TV was too noisy with cartoons on for me to overhear the argument between Jane and Bill, but Bill won. Even with the chastity belt on it was only a thin belt of what felt like thin leather up the crack of my ass but it had some composites in it making it unbreakable. The cane stroked my ass and I waited for what came next.

"Who's Frank," asked Bill.

"Frank?" 

"Wrong," the cane hit hard and I found it hard to stay still. "I'm talking about the book you read yesterday," said Bill. "Do I need to repeat the question?"

"Frank is the name of the family line of Ancients who had Zero Talent," I said quickly putting his half question in the context of the book.

"What is the True Leaders?"

"The True Leaders was the name of the organization that Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock put together in a reign of terror when he took over the crown of the Middle Kingdom."

"Was over-throwing him legal," asked Laura.

"Morally illegal," I said, then quickly added, "but to the victors come legitimacy and the Sons of Frank saved the planet."

"Humm," smiled Bill as the cane stroked my ass, but no stroke landed. "That was not in the book, but you did well." Then to the others, "any other questions?"

"I have one," I had to ask.

"This better be good," said Bill as the cane touched the angry welt on my ass.

"I only read one book," I explained, "that can only be one version of the Prince Johnass story. I don't want to be some parrot spouting the official party line. Can I do research and, well, understand it a bit better?"

"That's a darn good question," said Bill. "Did you pack his lap-top," he asked Jane.

"I did," she said.

"Okay," said Bill, "if nobody is playing with you then you can do research and have a five thousand word essay ready for me by the time we hit deep space again."

"I thought we were supposed to be celibate," said Jane.

"No," said Bill, "you are celibate because you said the safe word. Mister Jones here is a Sex Slave that you said we can share. Now you can watch, but no touch, or don't watch. He has to earn his way out of that collar before you can marry him."

"Well maybe I don't want to marry him," said Jane defiantly.

"Me," I blurted, "opps." That earned me three strokes of the cane before Bill continued.

"Now we all have needs too," said Bill. "Personally I can't understand why your Grandpa likes him, and he says you two will be married. So fix him some breakfast, have a session on the ship's gym with him, then back to work. Lock him in the Master Bedroom." He turned and looked me in the eye. "And you can try to whack off as much as you want. Also that chastity belt will work on a normal toilet, use the bidet to wash and it has a blow dryer. And you better do a good job or the belt will lick you clean."

I then endured an hour long lecture by Jane on how I had no idea on what to eat or being so lazy about exercise. The worse she could do was a few hand slaps to keep me running on the tread-mill as I had to keep up with her. She increased my levels of physical work-out to be that of an Ancient since sixty-two point eight percent of my DNA was Ancient. I was exhausted and needed a nap, but Soupy had other ideas. He took me into the shower for a long soak and a little gay sex. I was still a working boy.

"You two having a nice time," Bill asked us as Soupy closed the chastity belt on me.

"Yes sir," smiled Soupy, "I did enjoy my morning break Cane Master sir."

"Alright back to work," he told him. Then to me, "I'm going to have to lock you in the room. You can use your lap-top to do your study on Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock. The entertainment centre is switched off, you can listen to shipboard music, but that's it. Jane will come by with your lunch."

I had a slight giggling fit as I sat down at the desk and opened my lap-top. No matter where you go, you can't really be a 24/7 sex whatever, you still had to pay the bills. Jane and her fuck buddies still had to make sure the ship was serviced and maintained. It was almost like my uncle's sail-boat back on the Great Lakes, you still had to clean up and maintenance. 

Jane came in with my lunch and some clothing for me. I guess my skills as an unskilled labourer did come into use. We ate lunch and then I went out to join the crew. I was given a little scrub-brush and hand to reach around the ship's star-torpedoes.

"Star-torpedoes," I said looking at what looked like an old World War Two torpedo with oversized fins and a rocket engine. 

"Yea," said Jane as she worked the other side. "There's a war on, we have to be able to shoot back."

"How many do we have on this ship," I asked looking about.

"Twenty-four," she sighed, "atmospheric debris, dust and all get caught in these grooves. So get to work. Bill will chew me out, and then he'll beat your ass."

"Why can't we just have them removed," I asked as I worked.

"Each torpedo cost one million," she said, "and require special equipment for rigging. Now scrub."

"So why so many," I asked some time later. "They don't do too much damage?"

"These are seven hundred megaton nuclear explosives," she explained. "All we have to do is detonate within ten miles of the target to do the damage necessary. But space, well it's big, and ships are small. Got it?"

"Okay," I said figuring she was getting upset.

So that's how it went for the next two days. If the crew needed me to do some ugly jobs like clean out the toilets, drain out the septic tank, or give oral sex to the crew I was there. Although cleaning the septic tank was a bit much and I ended up puking my guts out. Laura laughed, put on a filter mask and did the job she would normally do. The last day that we there however was a problem for Bill and he had to talk to the two of us.

"Now here's the situation," Bill pointed out. "I have to take the ship down to the planet and pick up the cargo. But I can't take the two of you down there. Now for Al, here the answer is simple, I can lease him to one of the Brothels here and they can use him for the next six hours. Problem is, if I leave you here Jane; you can find somebody to take that chastity belt off yourself and go fuck Al. So I need an answer; will you do as your Grandpa has told you and stay away from him?"

"Why do you have to have him work as a prostitute," she pouted. 

"Because no matter how near or far away from you that's his job," explained Bill. "He's got a nice cute tight ass." He had to say that and embarrass me. "That aside, I already contacted a brothel that is not connected to the Boom-boom Room and they definitely want to use him."

"Really?"

"Six thousand Coalition Credits worth," smiled Bill. "I checked your contract you can rent him out and keep whatever you make. Sooo, what kind of split do we want to do? I did set this up."

"Seventy thirty," sighed Jane. "Okay I'll go take in a movie or something."

"Thirty percent of six thousand not bad," smiled Bill.

"No take the seventy," said Jane, "you can financially screw me the same way the Boom-boom Room screws him."

I guess she was feeling pretty miserable at the time. She went to the bar, had a few drinks, ignored the attentions of the other bar patrons, and tried not to cry. Eventually she escaped to a private sleeping booth and cried in there. Meanwhile I had my work cut out for me.
