 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

Tuesday and Wednesday went by pretty much like Monday except Alace was Monday, Julia escorted me on Tuesday, and Coco took care of me on Wednesday. Except while Alace made such a big deal over my small genitals and keeping me in diapers over a chastity belt Julia and Coco had other ideas. Julia couldn't help but laugh and check me to see if I made a mess in my diapers. Yea, there we are in the crowded mall and she with her hands down my pants stroking my ass crack. It was very uncomfortable. Coco on the other hand felt the diapers were ridiculous and as soon as we got to the transit station she demanded I take them off since I already was potty trained. She kept me naked and on a leash till we got one station away from the Ringo Complex. 

To say the least as the clock ticked by on Thursday I was nervous. Mandy was fussing over me again at the diaper table almost waiting for Alace or somebody else from the General Office of the Action Network to show up and humiliate me. Sure enough there was a buzz at the door and I was left tied to the table legs high in the air and wide apart. It was a new humiliation as an Action Network Security Guard, a Sergeant in fact came back into the bathroom with Mandy.

"So this is what Little Princess Dianna moans over," he laughed looking at me and touching my balls. His finger then pocked at my asshole which I cramped shut and away from him. "What's wrong with him, he's not potty trained so you keep him in diapers?"

"No he's potty trained," smiled Mandy as it powdered my bottom. "That's why we keep him in diapers."

"Come again," asked the Guard. I caught a glimpse of his name badge: Cody.

"A humiliation factor," it explained, "he is potty trained, but diapers embarrass him. Tell the nice man why you have to wear diapers at night."

Sadly I had to go through the whole story about being from Earth and how my former Mistresses didn't like me getting up at night and using the bathroom. I was always threatened with being put into diapers, and I was one night in diapers. Then I went through the twelve part chorus on how I wasn't into diapers or infantilism.

"Fine," Sergeant Cody said, "we'll just put the Chastity Belt on right now."

In theory chastity belts are fine, when they are comfortable like the glass chastity belt. But the standard metal jock strap has that tight metal tube where you can't get an erection in. Also your asshole is still available when the belt is put on and you can be milked. I hate the feeling of my cum dribbling out of me. The only reason why the Sergeant them put a back-plate to take away any temptation of buggering me.

"So this is a Temporary Duty," I had to ask.

"Nope," he said taking hold of my chin leaning down and kissing me full on the mouth, "permanent duty. So no making me late delivering you to work or any other appointment Mister: Uncle Paul swings a mean cane. All his employees have at one time or another got it from him." I couldn't imagine how a six foot seven football player like him could drop his pants and cringe at Uncle Paul. And I told him so.

"Then you be a good boy and I won't have to spank you," he threatened. "You are still a bonded slave. They may put you in charge of the station, but if you have to be somewhere and want to piddle around I will spank you and carry you to your appointment."

"Yes Master," I said quickly.

"Slave," he bellowed, pulled me over his knee and spanked each word into my ass, "you will call me Sergeant, I earn my pay. Got it?"

"Yes Sergeant," I said gasping for air. He let me go and stared down at me.

"You ever hold rank," he asked me.

"Yes Sergeant," I snapped back and stood at attention, "Lance Corporal, Sergeant."

"What unit," he sneered down at me, "some service battalion fuck."

"That's right Sergeant," I snapped back, "I was a real wheeny with the Service Battalion. Military Police Platoon, nothing more wheeny than a cop with a tank."

"You were Military Police?"

"Yes Sergeant."

"How does a cop become a cock-sucking whore?"

"By being the meanest son-of-a-bitch on the base!"

"I like him," laughed Sergeant Cody to Mandy. "Can we unlock his back plate?"

"No," said Mandy, "I'll advise Uncle Paul to put you in a Chastity Belt too."

"Party pooper," he grumbled.

Thursday afternoon/evenings were difficult for me. Dianna was one of those women who get very horny when she is spanked and I was the designated fuck-toy. The tension mounts as Dianna's character is whipped live on television. It was one of the few exclusive scenes that the Action Network started as a rating gimmick, and then became their curse. Every Thursday the servant girl gets her whipping and she takes it. She gets hot, excessive mood swings and well I got to learn my real job.

We arrive at about 1:30PM check-in time for me and Sergeant Cody takes me to the backstage area and Dianna's dressing rooms. As a 'star' of the show she has her own bathroom, make-up/visiting room. And a tight recovery room, which is a cot where well spanked actors or actresses can lie down, cry, masturbate, or have treatments for their sore bodies. There is even an EMT Robot built into the wall in case it is needed. There are about twenty of these units inside the Action Network Studio since Uncle Paul prefers BDSM and edge play as part of his Free Zone format. Some of the upper executives including Master Charles have one of these units as a part of their Motivational Workshops. So next time if your boss sends for you to have a Motivational Discussion, well, now you know. 

"Here he is," said Sergeant Cody, who took me off the leash before we entered the Ringo Complex, I looked no different than any employee except I was wearing a lavender suit, ruffled shirt with a deep almost disco open neck collar, short skirt, and matching panties, nylons stocking and 3.5 inch heels. (My heels are now getting higher, and I can do it with little trouble for some reason.)

"There you are," Dianna smiles as she and her posse were having coffee. Dianna was at her make-up table and in costume. She wasted no time in pulling me across her lap. Everybody laughed at my matching lavender panties over my garter, stocking, and chastity belt. "Why Sergeant Cody," she laughed, "now why is Al here wearing a butt shield?"

"Ahh shucks now Princess," he laughed back. "Guys like me just get so turned on by a cute self lubricating butt. I had to order his android to lock that up too or I'd be late and loose my job."

"What's this," she laughed even louder, "no butt-plug. Why Al," she chastised me, "where is your Stage 3?" Training butt-plugs were standardized from one to ten, one being smallest, you get stretched, followed by retaining exercises. 

"The Stage 3 was up there all morning," I explained. "The Sergeant arrived after a retaining exercise."

"I don't think he did too well," chuckled Sergeant Cody, "there was a soiled diaper in the bin when I arrived." Thanks Sarg, I said to myself, you had to mention that.

"Why Al," laughed Dianna as she hand spanked my bare bottom with each word. "Did you poop your pants?"

"Yes Mistress," I confessed in shame as the rest of the Posse laughed. She held me in place as the Posse took turns giving my naked bottom a hard slap or two as they enjoyed their coffee.

"Ten minutes till Showtime," called a voice over the intercom. "All major players, scene three to the set."

"You girls go," said Dianna as she helped me up, "I just have to take care of Al here." There was some knowing winks as she thrust me into her private recovery room. The room was a sanitary white and easy to clean. A full size picture of Master Charles in the nude sticking his cock out was against one wall. Dianna had more fun undressing me than ordering me to strip. Jacket shirt and skirt came off. She loved the garter belt, stocking and shoes.

"Alright on the table," she ordered me. "On your back, Robot, restrain Al, hands over head feet, six inches apart, and insert a stage two up his ass, six inches only, mild vibration." Metal tentacles lashed around my wrist and ankles and held me down. From under the table, almost melting through it a penis shaped probe went between my ass cheeks and into my bum. It uncomfortably went past my sphincter muscles and well into me before it started moving. She moved a wide screen monitor on its bracket into view.

"You can watch what's going on here," she smiled down at me. "Don't go away. Sergeant Cody is not too far away."

What else could I do, being tied down and well trained I tried to wiggle the plug more comfortably in my ass and milk myself. However the robot was far smarter than my pathetic efforts, I was very aroused but no relief in sight. I watched the monitor as the sights and sounds of the set played through. In Scene Three Dianna's character is given a lecture and a warm-up spanking by the Boss's son.

The son is repulsive to Dianna, he ate a whole raw onion to add to the effect. In the end her panties are around her knees she is over his lap and well spanked. Numerous cameras and various angles shoot the slaps hitting her bottom. She gets off his lap and you can see wet stains on his powder blue pants, she is hot. 

There is a loud stop ordered from somewhere and the whole cast waits. From far above the Director, Producer, and various associates including the sponsor watch the finished scene. If they like it, the video gets saved and they move on. If it is not good enough the son gets a clean pair of pants, and the scene is re-shot.

"That's good," called the voice, "Good work Dianna, you too Egone everybody one hour lunch break."

Rather than fiddle with her panties she kicked them off and walked/ran to her dressing room. Sergeant Cody stood by her door and made sure nobody else enter. I couldn't get off the bed or look around but I sure was scared.

"You have no idea how horny I get having these kinds of spanking," she told me as she stalked me like a cat playing with a mouse. She peeled her costume off and tossed it aside, he had fifty of the same maid outfit. She licked my cock wet and slowly mounted me. "You like," she asked me.

"I'm terrified," I gasped according to my cock/thermometer she was at least ten degrees warmer as if with a fever. "Do I have to be tied down," I babbled, "maybe use a nice double bed or something?"

"No," she purred and stuffed four finger of her hand up to the thumb into my mouth. "Then you would run away," he hips grinded into me. "And don't piss me off," she added, "this robot has a program where my captives get the same spanking and caning that I get on the set. Charles tried it once, and hated every moment. No safe word could save him, he got what I get almost every week. So if you mis-behave, you think about that." She then whispered into my ear, "Uncle Paul once did a guest shot as a Discipline Psychologist, and caned me. He joked and said it was for bad behaviour off set. But it was real, that's when I asked, begged for a slave to be here. Now please me."

I don't need to get into the mechanics of all the sex that was involved. Some of those sex films from the 80's and 90's when I was young, so mechanical, just different position hump hump hump. She is not an Ancient like me, but she didn't tire of it all. Eventually she relaxed and the robot gave he a sedative. Lunch hour was an hour and a half long before Dianna came out of her dressing room refreshed, in a new costume, and butt still red. I was untied but confined to the dressing room, and a full platter of some very nice food on the tray in the corner of her room, including some real coke-a-cola 1950's blend, no cocaine, darn!

I didn't notice the shooting that went by nor was that Dianna and her Posse on their ways back to the dressing rooms. I was caught red handed like, .... a naughty slave boy. I ate all the sandwiches off the platter except the blue egg-salad sandwiches. Four bottles of coke, half a chocolate cake, fourteen chocolate cookies, and was reading a fan magazine while listening to Dianna's ear candy.

"Opps," was about all I could think of saying before they rushed me. I was carried into the recovery room, the table bowed up to present my ass, and that was it, a very painful punishment. Every dream about being spanked by several women, forget it, it's a nightmare. 

Nino Patton, Mistress Dianna's personal secretary, opened a cabinet and passed out leather paddles. Sonny the hairdresser was the first to paddle me very low on the bottom. Rota Shickelgrouber the Gofore was ordered to fetch more food and had to leave. Buddy while happy to get a better look at my privates since the girls were getting pissed off at guys in general. The process of my spanking stopped when the first signs of blood started. That left Buddy, oh dear for Buddy as he ran out of the room.

"This isn't over," Dianna warned me, before she left the room and the robot medic applied a healing lamp on my throbbing ass.

Sometime later Ice Yellowknife the head costumer came in and started applying something thick and gooey on my sore bottom. She warned me to keep still and look forward as she kept putting it on. Finally I felt a tongue on my ass. Ice had taken her favourite meal, blue egg salad sandwiches and smeared the contents on my ass. It got very arousing as her sandy tongue worked its way up the crack of my ass and poked at my asshole.

"This taste interesting," she purred, "my body is so different to you humans. I wonder, some humans I can eat their waist products. What do you taste like?" She stroked my cock and her claws touched my balls.

"You want to taste my cum," I asked her.

"No," she lightly bit my bum, "I want a sample of your shit stupid. Ancient shit, taste great on raw meat. You have lots to learn."

"What are you two talking about," said Mistress Dianna as she walked in on the conversation.

"I was explaining the differences in our bodies to your slave," Ice told her as she finished the last blue bits on my sore ass.

"She says she want to taste my shit," I whined, "I'm not into that kind of stuff."

"Too bad," snapped Dianna, then to Ice. "Maybe we should have you over for an evening. We'll put Al into his diapers and after he shits himself you can take his soiled diaper some place private and taste it."

"Maybe you could strip me," she purred and leaned against me. Her body felt so erotic as she purred. "Punish me, and make me taste his dirt hole for you. Especially after your husband has buggered him. I think he likes that, being buggered," she stroked my cock.

"I'll discuss it with my husband," Mistress Dianna cooed back at her. "Now get out of here, I need to be with my slave, alone." 

Ice pouted and slouched as she slowly headed for the door. Mistress Dianna gave her a swat on the bottom to get her moving. She closed the door and looked at me.

"You are so naughty," she smiled at me.

"Really," I smiled sheepishly, "I thought with your show that sort of thing happens often on your show."

"No," she stopped for a moment to think, "I just may suggest this to the board meeting." She stopped suddenly and looked cross, "are you trying to change the subject." I paused for a moment and looked into her eyes. I'm in big trouble.

"Yes Mistress," I sighed. "Please I'm really sorry about all this."

"Oh you will be," she adjusted the robot and held up a rattan cane which a mechanical hand took. "Remember me telling you about the duplicate strokes on this machine?"

"Yes Mistress," I balked at her and blinked my eyes. Oh noooo.... but I kept quiet, there was no argument I was caught bare handed.

"What," she smiled as she made adjustments on the robot's controls, "no snappy remarks."

"No Mistress," I confessed, "experience has showed me snappy remarks; doubles my punishment. Can I plea bargain this down? I've watched you often enough, I know I can't take the same punishment as you do on camera. Please go easy on me Mistress."

"Oh," she chuckled and stroked my well spanked bottom and saw me whence. "Okay," she grinned and stroked my cheek, "half the power, and every other stroke. And you better believe I will be fucking you when it's all over." She gave me a long kiss. One hand holding my head, the other held my cock and felt me get aroused by her kiss. "You better be very good after this," she added, "or duplication may be part of you weekly maintenance spankings." She was still holding on to my cock and felt me go very limp and small. She went to a side-table and used some hand disinfectant and left me there.

The show came on, and ran a small logo on the bottom flashing live. I use to love watching the show, getting aroused and wondering what the punishment would feel like. So there I was going to know what half power and every other swat of the cane would feel like. Egone who played the master of the house started lecturing Dianna. For some reason her short coming seemed to mirror mine. Tardy at work, taking too long to do something, and flirting with anybody around were some of her crimes. I'm sure if I was a flirt, but when a flash-back came by I saw that Dianna was turning too quickly and her skirt would twirled up and exposed her ass. Maybe I was moving too fast as well. The verdict, twenty cuts with the cane.

So what did that little prick do; take a few steps back, ran, jumped and swung the cane as he came down. There was a loud crack in quadraphonic stereo, two speakers in front of me and two off my butt cheeks as the cane landed. I gasped while Dianna smiled and bit back the pain. I guess to the audience she was laughing at Egone's character as if to defy him. But I know she was laughing at me and how much I was having a hard time with my punishment. After three strokes of the cane on me they paused for commercial. 

"Yo Egone," called the Director, "I think you need to go a little lighter on Dianna."

"What," said Egone as he and Dianna were sipping on some bottled water.

"I'm fine," called Dianna.

"Yea but your Slave is having a very hard time," replied the Director. The monitors lit-up and the entire set, control room, and who know what else saw me screaming and crying my head off. Now I was really mortified. The audio went off and the video switched back to the on-air monitor. The door opened and Rota the gofore came in with a glass of fruit-juice and a straw.

"Drink this," she told me. She giggled as she touched my cane welts and stroked the crack of my ass and rested her fingers on my asshole. "Mistress Dianna," she called to the camera. "Can I put on a strap-on and butt-fuck him when Egone fucks you."

"NO," thundered though the sound system. "Do you want my husband to come down and butt-fuck you?"

"No Mistress," she shuttered. She must have seen Master Charles's cock.

"Maybe we should start you out on something smaller. Reach under my slave and feel his cock."

"Yes Mistress," she mumbled as she felt under me. "Oh, it's so small."

"You will not feel that way till he's up your ass. Now before you go to your bed all alone, I want a video of you putting on your chastity belt with a stage three up your ass. You can think of my slave tonight. Because that's how big he is. Remember turn the machine off after six. We'll be nice to him. Walk him to the corner and make him pee in a bucket, have his hands cuffed behind his back."
