 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. Well, I guess Human Recourses had me figured out. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

Major Jane Speedwell has waved to right to have another Earth Male Sex Slave for a month and keep me for one week. She then took me to Prince Otto's private yacht the Pricilla, a hot pink 400 ton speedster outfitted for private functions. Her crew Bill Chief Engineer, Soupy the Systems Engineer, and Laura General Starship Tech. Jane herself was the ship's pilot and navigator. Bill and Soupy were both from the Middle Kingdom very dark Africans but with almost blank eyes. Laura was from Free Skyes and had very pale human complexion. Jane on the other hand was from Vacation Planet, she was about my height, very blond, and a golden tanned skin.

My ankles were released. I looked up and saw Soupy looking at somebody behind me dumbfounded. This didn't look good. Turning I saw Laura with a stun gun in hand.

"You're coming with me to the Cane Master's Office," she told us. "You can come too Soupy, this affects ship personnel. I was told to shoot Mister Jones in the nuts if he resist."

"What did I do now?"

"Shut up and move it," she pointed the weapon at me as my hands locked behind my back. "Soupy find something to gage him with."

Soupy ran to the Lounge's kitchenette found a dish rag. He stuffed it in my mouth and I knew better than to try to spit it out. We stepped into a small elevator and went down to the main deck. A few more steps and we were in the Master bedroom which was now the Cane Master's Office. Jane stood in the corner, six angry can welts were quite vivid on her naked bottom. Her hands were over her head. Cane Master Bill looked very angry and took the gage out of my mouth.

"Now what's your story," he asked me.

"Alright you got me," I said in Earth English. "I'm an undercover agent sent by the Frengie Alliance to gain knowledge of your defenses so that a Klingon Battlefleet can take over. We want your women." Soupy walked up behind me and with one hand he reached between my legs and pulled on my balls. The pain was terrific, and made me gasp for air.

"We've seen that episode of Deep Space Nine," he told me and let go.

"Try again," Bill told me.

"I come from Earth," I said, "I was on my death-bed somebody asked me if I want to live again. I said sure, I thought it was all a dream." I danced away from them. "Look I'm not lying, yes I feel the pain and yes I know I'm alive. I have a few ideas but please, I'm trying to be a good fuck-toy."

"Let's gang-bang his tight butt-hole and see how he likes it," suggest Soupy.

"He probably would like it," said Jane still facing the wall. "But he keeps testing his limits, and he's part Ancient he doesn't know how far his limits can go."

"You know that's the problem with Wizards," said Bill, as he walked over and gave Jane a hard swat low on her naked bottom making her whine and stand on her toes for a moment. "To normal people like us they chatter away and find it hard for you to accept they actually can see into the future." He walked up to me and led me to the bed. "I've been working with Wizards for sixty years," he pulled me across his lap and lightly slapped me across the bottom with each word. "They know the future, and you can't escape it. She is going to be your wife." He shoved me over towards Soupy. "Okay let's take these two love birds down to the work shop. Laura, get Slave Speedwell's cap, shackles, and those new diapers. Soupy; get that impale unit out of the Master Bathroom."

"No please," said Jane as we were led away. "I'll pay you each a thousand credits just to get us to Vacation Planet, please."

"I think your future husband needs to see you under a little humiliation."

The ship's work shop was a typical garage/tech station. It was big enough for all of us to move around in. A winch with a large hook on it lowered and I was elevated to hanging there. Magnetic grapplers spread my legs apart and an impale dildo was worked till it was an inch into me. It lowered as I was lowered to standing on my toes. The chains went slack, but if I lowered my heels to the floor the dildo would go six inches up my rectum. 

"Look," said Jane, "maybe we're going a little too far with all this. I just wanted a cast of his penis. Can we take a break?"

"Are you calling a Safe Word," Bill asked her.

"I," she stammered.

"You don't have to push it to the limit Jane," I told her as I struggled to stay on my toes and ignoring the dildo slowly working into my tight asshole. "As a bonded sex slave I don't have the right to have limits. I mean I do have them, it's just I'm not there."

"If he can take it," she said defiantly. Laura placed shackles similar to mine on her neck, wrist and ankles.

"Put the cap on her too," said Bill. It looked like a leather bathing cap, but Jane was terrified of it. "Do you know what an electronic cap is boy," he asked me.

"No Cane Master."

"In the lining of that cap is a special wire network. Once on the wearer's brain is encased in a force field. Do you who what force-fields can do to a Wizard?"

"I know they can't see through them."

"That's right," he took a knife and slashed the remaining clothes off Jane, "and she can't see out with her talent. She is reduced to a normal person like all of us here. Now she can't tell if Soupy or Laura want to have sex with her. She can't seduce them." He moved Jane over to another wall to my left and away from me and using magnetic setting spread eagled her.

"I got the other impale unit here Cane Master," said Soupy as he carried in the mechanical impale unit.

"Set it so that it will go up her poop-hole," Bill told him.

"Oh no," panicked Jane as she struggled, "please."

"Would you rather wear a diaper with the suppository you put up his ass and have acid burns dripping out of you?" 

"No Cane Master."

"Your lover has been shared by gangs of Symore men. And they are far larger that what this is." Bill put the end of the dildo towards her face. "Looks like a normal cock to me."

"Yes Cane Master," she said and kissed the end. He handed to dildo end to Soupy who adjusted it to do the same to her. Jane cried but gravity won as her heels were halfway down in seconds.

"Well," smiled the Cane Master as he looked us both over. "I'd say in a couple hours these two will be able to take any cock up the asses with ease. So who's ass do you like Soupy?"

"I like his," smile Soupy after tickling both our asses.

"I guess I use a strap-on," smile Laura to Jane.

"But let's not forget why we are down here," said Bill. "Soupy get that set-up we need to take a casting of Mister Jones' erection. You did acknowledge this right for private use only."

"Yes Cane Master," I gasped as my toes couldn't take it and my heels hit the floor as I took the dildo another inch up my ass. As uncomfortable as it was my cock was throbbing hard. Bill noted this and adjusted a remote control.

"Well you can stand on your flat feet now," he said to me.

Soupy put some odd condom on me that was very tight against my skin and had some odd threads hanging out of it. He then placed a cone over my dick that pressed against my body and encased my balls as well. Laura then handed him a large can of something as he added a funnel to an opening at the top of the cone. An odd gooey substance was poured out of the can down the funnel and I felt a warm sensation surround my cock. When it was filled he then took some kind of multi-light ray-gun wand that he waved over the cone and made my dick feel cold.

"Laura," Bill called, "Slave-girl seems to have pussy hair. Remove it."

Well if I had trouble keeping an erection with my cock in a cone filled with cold goo and a dildo up my ass the site of Jane getting her pussy shaved changed all that. She seemed horribly mortified as any semblance of privacy pussy hair offers her was removed. Worse still, through all the humiliation, it was also apparent that her body was into it; as her pussy dripped vaginal fluid. Laura and Soupy took the opportunity to finger her citreous and taste her.

"Okay," said Bill finally, "let's leave these two love birds alone and let the mould cool." I could hear them laughing and talking as they left us alone.

"Well this is another fine mess you got us into," I said to her.

"Another," she asked not knowing the Earth reference. "Look I'm the one being tortured here too. I can't hear, see, or feel."

"You didn't hear what they said as they left?"

"How could I with this hood on."

"Open your ears and listen. Can't you hear the ship's engines that insentient drone."

"I," she paused and listened. "Yes I can hear them."

"Well it seems Soupy could have taken this thing off me at any time. And he wants to so that he could fuck me."

"Well why not?"

"Bill figures we need some time together on even ground."

"That's Cane Master, you don't want to feel it. Besides what common ground I feel like I got a policeman's night-stick up my ass. I might never be able to hold my shit again."

"You're an Ancient, your ass will heal in a few hours and a finger will feel like another stick in the morning. We heal too fast."

"We do?"

"My best guess is those welts you left on me will be gone by noon tomorrow. Those acid burns, might take longer."

"I'm sorry I should have read the directions over carefully. He won't put one in me will he?"

"Hey you dug the hole now lie in it. I thought were going to be lying in that nice big bed making love, but no you want to be the big Domme. When do we arrive at Vacation Planet?"

"Late tomorrow with traffic, probably first thing the day after."

"Good," I said, "now let's keep our tongues between our teeth and not upset the Cane Master. Meeting your family with welts on our bottoms will make things rather uncomfortable."

"I'm sorry but I thought you were use to being used by groups of people. The stories about you get so exploded. So I called in a favour and a few friends. I just got carried away that's all."

"Hummm," I grumbled feeling so uncomfortable. "I've heard that in certain circles of the Middle Kingdom they can be pretty strict. I take it Bill was involved in such?"

"Yea," she looked embarrassed, "Bill got pissed off at me a long time ago." She paused, "in private, he had me in a hold, and well, one thing lead to another. He went to a strict Symore Sponsored Military Preparation Academy. Sort of a University for young gay men who need some strict guidelines to live by. Bill was a "Prefect," an upperclassman who had authority to administer punishments."

"Hence the Cane Master," I concluded. I wiggled my hips but there was no escaping the eight inches up my ass.

"If you did manage to get out of that nasty position you would be severely punished," said Bill as he and the fuck-buddy crew came back into the shop. Soupy opened the cone and the gooey liquid poured back into the can.

"Forgive me Cane Master," I said respectfully, "but isn't that suppose to form into a mould around my cock and balls?"

"You didn't see the wires hanging below it," asked Soupy. "I guess you don't have this kind of computer technology." He held up a computer pad and a 3D holograph of my cock came into view.

"His balls need to be shaved," said Laura.

"Naa," smiled Bill, "that little bit of stubble on the balls will go fine when pressed against a person's ass; or against a woman's vagina."

"No," said Jane, "please keep them smooth. Please."

"Well," chuckled Bill, "for you I'll make two sets. One for punishment, like what you put up a lover's hole, and the other smooth against your skin."

"Thank you Cane Master," she grovelled.

"All of you go out and play," said Bill as he studied the computer readings and moved some equipment. "Take them to the Longue. If anything goes wrong the auto-pilot will tell us."

The magnetic shackles were released and the impale rods removed. Jane and I humbly followed Laura and Soupy to the ship's lounge. I was bent over the spanking post and Soupy buggered me in a frantic kind of way. It hurt like hell since his dick was about twelve and a half inches long and relatively big. However since he was so much into his own enjoyment he came inside of six minutes. Laura used a double ended strap-on and did the same to Jane who was bent over the dining table for fifteen minutes. 

"That was nice," said Laura, as she moved away from Jane and took off the strap-on. She went into the kitchenette refrigerator took out what looked like a platter of chicken-nuggets and a beer. She shared it with Soupy as the two of them sat on the sofa and watched a movie. For me this was typical, I relaxed and waited; but Jane can't keep her mouth shut.

"So what do we do now," she asked me quietly not moving from her exposed position on the table.

"Keep your mouth shut," I whispered to her knowing I would be audible by Ancient standards. "We stay in position, don't move, don't talk, and wait till they want to fuck us again."

"You call this an orgy," she whispered, but more in a stage manner. "Where's all the non-stop fucking, the multiple orgasms?"

"This is just the start of things," I told her in the same low tones. "Now keep your voice down or after dinner we will get the cane. Do you want to visit your family with sore welts on your ass?"

"Oh that movie is so loud they will not no-o-o-," she gasped as Laura gave her a hard smack with a doubled belt on her ass.

"It takes two to tango," said Soupy as his hand spanked me. "Have you been a naughty boy?"

"Yes Fluffer Master," I quickly confessed, "I beg forgiveness as I was attempting to instruct the Female Slave to remain silent."

"Definitely better than Class Eight," said Soupy as he stopped. He groped my penis and balls. "Turn around and sit on the horse, I want to taste you." He nodded to Laura, "they say Earthmen's seamen taste very different."

"I'm almost finished," said Laura as she belted Jane's ass as hard as she could. Jane tried to keep silent but couldn't. Laura paused and pulled out a gym-bag from one of the cupboards. "I see you packed your dirty laundry," she laughed showing the contents were multi-coloured panties. Jane looked mortified, so was I. 

I was on file as noting the worst gage that was ever used on me was when my first Mistress went through her laundry basket to find a soiled pair of panties to stuff in my mouth to use as a gage. Jane obviously was going to repeat that scenario on me, but then the tables turned. Ancients also have an increased sense of smell, so those panties were gross. The crotch wet with vaginal fluid from masturbation and the butt dirty from various farts. Hot-dogs, chilli, and beer seemed to be the main smell.

"What are these for," Laura asked Jane as she waved a pair in her face. Jane tried to look away.

"They are for me Mistress Diaper Changer," I said quickly. Then asked myself why am I doing that.

"Really," said Laura.

"He's a panty sniffer," chuckled Soupy.

"Don't be stupid," said Laura, "there was no communication at all between the two since last night, and I'm looking at two weeks of dirty panties."

"He's doing it to protect me," said Jane. "He wrote a couple times how he was totally embarrassed when he was gagged with soiled panties..."

"Maybe you should gage this silly slave Mistress Diaper-Changer," I said quickly. "Before you have to give her a lesson in proper slave etiquette."

"Stop sucking his cock Soupy," said Laura looking cross at me. "Okay Fuck-toy you have this coming," she stuffed a soiled pair of panties into her mouth. She then turned and Jane's was body over the horse bend over. Ten strokes of a two inch belt across your ass is without a doubt difficult. I kept my mouth clapped close and kept still.

"Darn," curse Soupy, "he doesn't have a hard-on any more Laura." I caught a small glimpse through the tears to see the look she gave him. "I mean Mistress Diaper-Changer," he said quickly. "I'll just go use the bathroom before I have another beer here. Can I get you anything Mistress Diaper-Changer?"

"No." Soupy moved past me and went to a fresher down the hall. "Do you think ten with the belt is all you deserve Slave Girl."

"Yes Mistress Diaper-Changer," she said quickly. "I definitely need ten swats with the belt."

"Really," her fingers ran up and down the crack of her ass and went into her rectum. "Did you forget something?"

"Forgive me Mistress Diaper-Changer, I meant to say I deserve twenty for not addressing you properly." Laura picked up what looked like a large butt-plug and forced it into Jane's ass hole. "Thank you Mistress Diaper-Changer," she said through tears, "for keeping my asshole wide and ready."

Another soiled pair of panties went into Jane's mouth before twenty swats were administered. She had a hard time dealing with it loosing the butt-plug which was then held into place with a discipline belt. She even coughed out the pair of panties but managed to grab and force it back into her mouth. Laura took pity on her, and made no comment. After that it was the usual, they watched movies, occasionally pestered Jane and I. No different to a Bonded Sex Slave like me. The experience was a real education for Jane.

Cane Master Bill eventually came back with his works. First he made a steel penis the exact same size dimensions and ridges as mine. From there he made a few moulds and a few dildos that were attached to Jane's new strap-on belt. She could if she wished remove the two that would go inside her. The one coming from her crotch was pretty wicked including some scratchy balls that will definitely irate the recipient. He made a couple others which had suction cup bases and used on chairs. Jane and I both ate supper while having my cock up our asses. A couple more fitted to discipline belts which had the balls on them go up your ass but leave your cock or vagina open for "other" abuse.

To say the least dinner was delicious, humiliating, and tense. We had thick free-range beef steaks with what tasted like onions, mushrooms, baked potatoes, and peas. Now the potatoes were baby blue with yellow sour cream, and the peas were bright red. All the while the table's top changed to clear Plexiglas to which you couldn't help but notice nobody was wearing trousers. Bill's discipline canes were kept right on the table so you can guess what was going to happen before desert.

Because I got a hand spanking and the belt, that automatically got me twenty with the belt and five with the cane. Soupy argued that I was at all times respectful and obviously in love with the Slave Girl because only a love sick idiot would try to help her. Bill reminded him that I was a professional Courtesan and sucking up to the person who is paying for his services. Thus deserving me a double dose of discipline; forty whacks of the belt and ten with the cane. Thank Soupy for all the help. 

Jane in my opinion came close to losing it. She cursed argued and ended up being mouth gagged, discipline belt, over the knee spanking, tied down, belted fifty times, cool-off and twenty with the cane. Cool-off was probably the worse, I ended up eating ice-cream that was served on her very sore ass. But that wasn't the end of her torment.

Bill then tied her to one of the bed-post of the master-bed and she watched the crew make use of me on the bed. Making love to Laura was a bit of a chore. Free Skyes women are born in fresh water, not salt water like us humans, but fresh swamp water. It was difficult not to gage sometimes and well you can expect how Laura would address the seat of my problem. 
