 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. In the end I guess Human Recourses had figured me out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed. I had choices and options, by remaining a slave/citizen I paid about a million back through earned commissions as a prostitute and sales of Slave Beer.

Now I find myself involved in a Slave Auction. I have no idea what the stakes are, other than the Boom-boom Room put a million credit retainer fee on me. So far I had been visited by a one hundred and four year old cougar, people can live to two hundred, so she not bad looking at all. Second a pair of over-weight homosexual film critics who are, very different. And finally two people from the Action Network TV, actress Dianne Murphy from the BDSM soap House of the Thunders, which I do like, and her husband Charles Chase; an executive of some sort with Action Network TV. Mistress Dianne is ravenousness with sexual hunger and after a little over an hour of straight fucking and multiple orgasms; she then turned me over to her husband.

Thank goodness Master Charles was gentle on my well spanked ass and after one orgasm up my ass he was exhausted. The game then went to Mistress Dianna who ordered him to clean her cream-hole while she played with my cock. Each bidder had their own kink, but these two made me nervous.

"So besides the coffee-cups you have any other advertizing ideas," she asked me.

"I just don't want to get hurt again," I said.

"Don't you want to get your body beaten," she smiled.

"I'm talking finances," I explained. "I'd rather have you talk to my Lawyer/Manager before anything else is done." Then with a sigh, "coffee mugs have been done to death on my planet. I can do better if I have better information."

"Well you're going to have to earn your suit," said Mistress Dianna who forced her husband's head back into her crotch not allowing him to speak. "Now business aside, you do realize that we have a very busy schedule and you must be able to change gears pretty fast can you do that?"

"I've switched from slave to Dom and back again often enough."

"Good," she said, "one moment you can be fucking me to heaven, spanking Charles, and then dictating an office memo. And when you're done go fetch our laundry while dressed in Heredshe men's wear."

"I think I can do that."

"Good, because if you don't measure up; I'll have you in diaper bondage for starters. One moment your dick will be swinging free, the next locked in a chastity belt because I own you. Don't look at Charles, I love him, but he likes to fuck guys as well. I'm the only pussy he gets, and I'd rather have you as his personal sex-a-terry to start with. And don't go whining about how you don't like wearing messy diapers. We do business exams in soiled diapers all the time out here. So even if you never had dealt with diaper fetish out here it's a training tool."

"Excuse me Mistress," I had to say, "You both went to business school inside the Free Zone?"

"That's where we met. It's all very boring stuff, but if you want to get a kinky degree you can do it. It cost more than a regular college too."

"Hum," I said, "still all the same, I'm through with planning on who gets to own me. Why can't we just play together and make sure we don't rub each other the wrong way?"

"I heard a thinking hum there," spoke up Charles before he stock his face back in Mistress Dianna's crotch.

"We could beat it out of you," threatened Dianna.

"You don't know what kind of past we Earthmen have," I counter-threatened. "You only have two hours and fifteen minutes left. And I'm still ready to fuck anything."

"Come here," she grabbed my cock and stuffed it in her mouth. "I could bite," she mumbled.

"You damage me," I reminded her, "and you lose your bond and me as well."

Mistress Dianna sighed and concentrated on sucking me off. She had very good hands too and brought me off. A quick nod to towards her husband and a smack on the cheek sent me to move behind her husband.

"See if he can enjoy a good butt fucking," Dianna told me. "Don't use the lube he paid to have Heredshe glands so that he can impress his employers in being ready for anything."

Master Charles was an experienced office submissive with big ideas. His ass was easy for me to enter even though his butt was very swollen and red from a combination of hand spanks, belt and what looked like an odd whip mark or two. He grunted with pain and pleasure as my balls bounced against his ass and I made sure I was rubbing his G-spot as I fucked him. The timing was perfect and we came together.

"Oh," gasped Charles as he had to rest his head against Mistress Dianna's belly. "That was so nice. I may even order him to fuck my ass from time to time. But he didn't ask to cum."

"I'm still in charge you silly slave," she told him. She then pulled his hair and gave his face a slap. "And I didn't tell you to stop cleaning my well fucked pussy." 

"Forgive me Mistress," he begged, "I was caught up in the moment."

"Go bend over the spanking horse," she told him. "Mandy get a flogger, and give him twenty. Whip his ass good."

"Now to you," she smiled as Charles was disengaged from my cock. "Clean his cum off the sofa, I hate wet spots."

The sofa, in fact 90% of the furniture used in the Free Zone is synthetic leather. Liquids, body fluids, food and even shit get stuck to it thus a fast method of cleaning had to be done. The hard bit was the air quality, air scrubbers had to be manually waved about the room by hand if you wanted the job done quickly. As for eating male Free Skyes cum, I got use to doing the act, but was still humiliated every time I was ordered to do so.

Charles was whipped till he bleeds and kept over the horse while his wife made use of me for the rest of the short period of time they were to test me. He didn't exactly wear a diaper when they left, but a blood diaper. Literally an uncomfortable diaper, especially where it gathers in the crotch, and that went under his suit. I was too exhausted to watch TV after they left. I wanted to sleep with three pillows under my stomach with my naked ass in the air. Mandy said I would get pleasure from that. Instead it ordered me into the dark-room to be cleaned.

I guess in a way I was being punished for some last reason. The catheters all seemed larger. The enemas felt like a warm lake went up my ass with a heavy duty plug to keep them there. Then to finish it off a couple paddles warmed my butt to a glowing red. Not a hard spanking, but enough to get me aroused. Stepping out I met Mike.

I knew it was Mike and not Mister John-Lee cause he gave he a hard kiss and warm hug. I blinked my eyes and could see several hovering mini-cameras watching me. Director Marcy McDermott was there too including four commandos in light battle armour.

"We're going to miss you," whispered Mike.

"I was sold," I gasped, "who bought me?"

"At our request," said Marcy, "and your new owners agreed, you will leave here the same way you came in." She stuffed a penis gage into my mouth and secured it.

The four Commandos including Mike clamped magnetic shackles on my wrist, ankles and waist. The waist shackle was done by a female commando who looked into my face and eyes with a combination of curiosity and lust. Her hands went down from my waist to stroke and feel my cock and balls.

"So this is the package that Major Speedwell wants to marry," she signed.

Marcy slapped her across the face. For a moment it looked like a cat-fight was about to take place. Mike held off Marcy while the other three commandos stopped the woman.

"Private Stanifer," ordered the Sergeant.

"He is not your or mine to play with any more," said Marcy holding back her rage. "You would think that after the drill competition the Marines, Police, Commandos and the Governor's Guard had over this duty you would at least show a little self discipline."

"Our barracks is inside the Free Zone," said the Sergeant evenly, "she'll be punished."

"I'd rather have her spend a weekend as a slave at my home," hissed Marcy.

I tried to scream no, but had a plastic dick in my mouth. I violently shook my body as I was hoisted into a mobile vertical hover-plate as I tried to get their attention. Even a few smacks on the butt by Mike didn't stop me.

"Let me guess," said Marcy, "you don't think the Commando Girl could handle being my personal slave?"

I nodded my head.

"Am I a mean Mistress?"

I nodded my head again and flexed my buttocks.

"He's an ass kisser," snapped the female commando.

"Well he is good at that," chuckled Mike. Then in my defence, "look he hates pain just like anybody else. And he wouldn't endure the pain just to tell you, you wouldn't enjoy staying at the McDermott Mansion. You're going to have a hard time fitting your pretty little ass into that uniform at the end of the weekend."

"Well it's tight enough as it is," she snapped back. "Our officer put us into metal chastity belts with his butt-plug up our asses." Then to me, "your cock may look small but it sure feels big where it counts."

"I'll say," added another Commando. "Four miles marching."

"Stop you're whining," said the Sergeant. 

It was an odd procession. It wasn't Director Marcy McDermott who kissed me in the elevator, but my friend Marcy. She stayed in the elevator while Mike marched the Commandos out the elevator and through the rotunda. The Commandos pushed and guided the hover-trolley along with me naked and displayed. Robot reporters and a few "fans" waved and clapped as we went by.

"Hey look I'm on TV," one passerby said. "Who is dat guy?"

"Just transporting a slave I guess."

We left the Boom-boom Room and headed through the park. There any Space Navy, Marines, Commandos and a few others in civilian dress cheered. Many knew me from Jane Speedwell's party and had to get a look at the man she was going to marry. I guess now I know what Princess Dianna felt like when Prince Charles was courting her. Mike had them turn me around so that I could see the Boom-boom Room as we walked away.

"Take one last look," said Mike as we walked through the night. "The only time you should see that place is if you are on a hurry to get to the space port. And if we see you being sent back you'll be sleeping in a glass coffin, not far from the discount bar as a one credit whore."

I forgot about that. You can piss your owners off so bad that the Company would have to issue them a refund. Records are kept and the bargain basement is just a half step from being sent to an orbital mining colony. While all of what was happening would be a nerd's wet dream, it can still fall apart like a house of cards.

We passed through the centre of a public park and I could see an old clock in the square. It was twelve fifteen. In less than two hours the tree bidders argued over my contract. I'm not sure about the honour guard, several police units have argued over the transport of slaves already. In just three months the Free Zone has changed to accommodate the influx of Earth Slaves. I later learned that clients had to pay for extra guards to move slaves to their homes. Their presence was necessary as occasional there were protesters and fans who wanted to have a souvenir picture.

We seemed to be approaching our destination, a complex of apartments that were more suited for the Jetsons than anything else. Three huge saucer-like structures standing on single pillars a thousand feet up to which we came to the base of the nearest. It was after one AM so nobody was about. Mike entered a key code and the private elevator went up.

"Welcome to your new home Pontiac," said a now thinner Mandy in the foyer. "You may release him from the trolley," she told the guards.

"Lucky bastard," cursed the Sergeant as he took of my shackles.

"So long pal," said Mike as he took out my gage and kissed me one last time. "I got your plug up my ass too." He whispered to me, "and Marcy put me into a chastity belt too."

"Well it was nice meeting you," I said to the Commandos. "You all did a wonderful job."

"Don't be so complimentary," said one, "we would have gang banged you ourselves if we could."

"And he would enjoy every moment," added Mandy making me blush. "Good evening," it smiled and closed the door. "Now let's go meet your new owners shall we?"

The inner door opened and I was met by Dianna. She looked tired and haggard but very happy to see me. This was the Mistress Dianna that nobody saw on TV, no make-up, no fabulous clothing, or lack of, but a white housecoat and slippers on her otherwise naked body. 

"Bout time you showed up," as she stroked my cheek and then grabbed my ear. "I want one comfortable fuck before I go to sleep."

"Yes Mistress," I said looking about, "does Master Charles need me too?"

"Oh he's doing a little corner time," she pointed to Master Charles who was naked, hands tied behind his back facing an outside bay window with an impale dildo up his ass. "That's actually the dining room, whenever we have guest over. It's also a nice punishment area. Thanks to your Android I don't have to get up to release him. If he still wants you he can use you."

"You will find," she continued as she lead me across the living-room and into a very large bedroom, "that we get up very early in the morning. Charles is able to take a cat-nap at work. I'd be lucky if I can. You will have to learn to get around that, Ancients, hum, you will adapt." She pushed me down on the bed and very quickly used me. With the tension gone she rolled off and pulled on a pair of white panel panties.

"You have two beds," she told me. "One in your room, and a matt by the bathroom. If anybody needs to go to the bathroom you may have to assist them. As well as other purposes. My husband likes a little midnight fuck after he pees. Mandy will diaper you."

"Mistress please," I begged, "I was only curious about diaper bondage. You don't need to diaper me all the time. Can't I use the bathroom too?"

"No," she giggled, "Mandy gage him, shackle his hands so that he can't touch himself spank him till he cries, diaper him and tuck him on the matt. Then release my husband."

When; will I learn to keep my mouth shut, I asked myself as Mandy paddled me. I was only curious, sure I looked at the websites, but I never got on the forums, or well was into the infantile stuff. So I took the punishment and cried only when it naturally came. Lord know what sort of punishment I would get if I faked it.

A few moments later Charles needed to go to the bathroom. I got up to follow him, but he closed the door in my face. Just when I was falling back to sleep he was pulling the quilt off of me and pulling down my diaper. Mandy handed him a lube applicator which he cursed over before fucking me. He almost fell asleep on me and Mandy carried him to bed with Mistress Dianna. I had to wait with a well lubed sore ass in the air waiting for Mandy to re-diaper me. When it got to me, the Android then insisted on feeding me a bottle of water knowing full well I would eventually wet the diaper. Every try sleeping; while wearing a dry itchy diaper, a full bladder and need to pee? I was so well potty trained it took forever but I managed to pee and fall asleep.

"Wake up sunshine," Mistress Dianna called rolling me over to my back and feeling my crotch. "Did somebody wet their diaper?"

"Yes Mistress," I mumbled, "I'm sorry. I suppose I'll be punished now for not being potty trained."

"No," she laughed, "Diaper-boys get rewarded with a blow-job when they wet their diapers. Especially when I'm in charge. Right Charles?"

"Yes Mistress," he grumbled, his ass was starting to heal with bruises changing colours.

"Go clean him off and do it," she ordered. "And Diaper-boy," she smiled, "you poop your diapers and you get a free fuck." She laughed and stepped into the shower.

"Free fuck," I asked.

"I doubt if you can do much with that small package," he chuckled.

Mandy laid an adult size diaper changing pad on the bed and assisted Charles as he did one of the many task he loathed to do. With me in their condo I would do most of the house cleaning, Mandy did the rest rather than watch the clutter. Once the diaper was off it would then make sure Charles got a slight taste of my piss while giving me a blow job. It was one of the few pleasures I would have any morning when Mistress Dianna was in charge.

After that I was stripped of my shackles and took a shower with Master Charles. After scrubbing his ass clean I gave him the Kiss of Submission to remind him I was his too. He took it in good stride as we dried off and dusted with scented powder. On Free Skyes you had one towel to dry your face with another towel for your torso, still another for your genital, ass, legs and feet. We stuffed the hamper with one big pile of towels. 

"Don't worry," said Charles, "we have a great laundry service."

Breakfast, if you want to call it that was a hurried coffee and doughnuts that Dianna and Charles had on account with a local coffee shop. Far from wholesome and I knew Mandy would have words with them about it. Mandy laid out a Heredshe male business suit for me, mid length skirt, shirt tie, matching jacket, nylons, garter-belt, two inch heeled shoes, and metal chastity belt with back-plate and a very large butt-plug. I guess I was their first house-pet because as always being naked and in such an intimate situation I was fully aroused.

"Honey," called Master Charles as he struggled with me and the belt, "I can't get his dick into the tube."

"He's suppose to be limp when you put it on," snapped Dianna. Then to me, "get limp you're making us late for work." I said nothing because no matter what I knew what will happen next.

"May I be of assistance," said Mandy pulling me across her knee and smacking me hard on the bottom. "He's not use to being locked up or being limp on command." An electric shock at the base of my balls made me scream and try to run away, as if I could when an Android has a good hand on me. "There we go," said Mandy as the straps locked in place. "Oh dear," it commented, "this butt plug is way too big for his tight ass. Ancient's heal very quickly you'll have to train him. This small will have to do for now." She inserted a generous amount of lube then a butt-plug which felt king-size probe up my ass. It pulled in further as it closed the butt-plate over it and locking into place.

"Small," I yelled through tears, "forgive this miserable slave Mistress Dianna it is far too big."

"It's about the same size as my thumb," snapped Charles showing me his thumb. "And you didn't complain too much when my cock went to the base."

"But he did complain," pointed out Mandy, "except like any good Submissive he can take the pain and humiliation to please you Master."

"So what you're saying he's a virgin in many ways," concluded Mistress Mandy, "right?"

"Correct Mistress."

"This is going to be fun," smiled Mandy.

"Fun," cursed Charles, "he'll be crying every time I take him. What will the office say?"

"Lucky Charles," laughed Mandy, "he got a virgin."

"Ah fudge," cursed Charles as he worked his tie. Then to me, "get dressed."

We ran to the elevator almost bumping into our neighbours. Anthony Del Torro was taking his pet Lady Fantomyia for her morning walk on a leash. He was back in a very expensive business suit while Fantomyia was naked except for her collar and leash.
