 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out pretty good. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

Now I find myself involved in a Slave Auction. There have been lots of inquiries with Boom-boom Room management to make me a personal servant/sex slave to an individual person or family. After being put through the ringer by a hundred and ten year old cougar, BOSS Agents Lady Fantomyia and Anthony Del Torro barge into my room posing as my new Lawyer/Management team. They warn me to somehow work hard, take a low position, and pay off my bond fast. They even provide me with intelligence on the last two bidders on me. Morning inspection a gay film critic and evening inspection: a couple with some sort of corporate backing. As nervous as I was, the worst ending was to stay in the Boom-boom Room.

Mandy ran me around the apartment cleaning it, ducking into the Dark Room, I didn't even have any time to eat. I had nothing to wear, I was there for inspection and that means why waist the time to strip. I've been on enough interviews with a Dom to know they want you naked first. There was a knock at the door and I met the oddest couple of all. A man, about five foot ten, fifty pounds overweight bald with a goatee wearing a grey Free Skyes business suit. With him was a gorilla, about six foot seven shaggy, intelligent eyes, and wearing a grey Free Skyes business suit.

"Hi," the guy waved to me, he spoke with a familiar accent, "I'm Colin and this is my mate Jeff."

"And we want you to be our next house pet," said Jeff.

"Are you from Heredshe," I said to Colin.

"Hey he's smart," said Colin, "but not too bright, are you going to let us in?"

"I'm very sorry," said Mandy giving a swift swat on the bottom and moving me away so that they can come in,"he can be rather dense."

"What's with the fat chick," said Colin as he strutted about the apartment.

"Yes," said Jeff fingering Mandy's tits, "first time I ever saw a Human woman as big as me."

"Mandy is my Training Android," I quickly explained. "A gift from a rather wealth client."

"Yes Management told us," said Jeff, "we're not interested in women."

"I could change my sex," said Mandy.

"Oh heavens no," said Colin, "we don't mind our slave being bisexual. We might on occasion reward him by letting him have sex with you." Then to me, "if he doesn't mind an audience."

"No Master," I said quickly, "not at all."

"Say that to me," said Jeff.

"Say what Master Jeff," I said quickly.

"Are you some darn dirty human who thinks he's better than me," he demanded.

"No Master Jeff," I said dropping to my knees. Nose to floor ass in the air, "it would be an honour to serve and service you Master Jeff."

"Do you know what planet I come from," he asked as he ran his finger up and down the crack of my ass pausing on my asshole.

"Forgive me Master Jeff," I begged, "but this lowly un-educated slave knows not what magnificent planet you come from. Please educate me."

"I am but a political refugee from a worthless shit-hole of a system Richards," cursed Jeff down at me. "Named after Admiral Richards of the Human Empire; may his soul burn in hell forever. Those accursed pasty faced Hue-mans enslaved my people and had us doing the lowly garbage jobs they would not dare dirty their dainty hands on. So when ordered would you wipe my ass after I take a shit?"

"Yes Master Jeff," I gulped. Part of me said I would never do that, another part of me wanted to submit and please him.

"My Grandmother told stories of how she was a house slave," Jeff rumbled on.

"Here we go again," said Colin who sampled the liquor cabinet.

"She was often ordered to bend over something," he looked about, "the back of the sofa." I was really beginning to hate the way the furniture was arranged so that I was so often bent over the back of the sofa. Once into position he played with my exposed asshole and genitals. "She would have to lift her dress to her shoulders, not wear any underwear since that would slow the master down. He would beat her, then fuck her." He stopped, from a glass reflection he looked puzzled. Pants down, monstrous erection, (that'll hurt,) but he stopped. "I don't understand spanking," he asked.

"I beg your pardon," said Mandy, "it's part of his punishment fetish, he likes, but hates punishment spankings. You never punished a Human."

"Well," explained Jeff in a rather business like fashion. He pulled up his trousers and put the monster away. "Our other slaves allowed me to face slap them, punch kick, one even liked being thrown about the room. Of course I made sure they like being butt-fucked that's why we're here."

"I prefer verbal humiliation," said Colin, "but I can always learn."

"All the more reason to buy Mister Pontiac here," smiled Mandy as it opened the toy cabinet. She took out a belt and a cane. "You see I am more than just HIS personal trainer. I can teach you how to make him grovel and groan in humiliation and pain. Shall I demonstrate now or after breakfast?"

"Since he has entertained women of my species," said Colin, "I assume he can cook." 

"No problem," I chirped, but hands wouldn't let me get up. "I can cook up some breakfast cakes, eggs scrambled or omelette, and we have a great supply of toast." Ouch a firm hand hit me on the bottom.

"Are you not forgetting something," snapped Jeff. He nodded to Mandy who gave me a couple hard swats.

"Yes Masters," I cried, "please forgive this worthless slave who does not wish to offend you."

"What about fruit," this time Jeff hit me, and nearly lifted me off the couch. Mandy took over giving me a few more for good measure. "Did you feed Gorillas fresh fruit at the zoo?"

"No Master Jeff, I never did that," a few hard swats later. "I can-not control the zoo keepers but yes the Gorillas were fed fresh fruit. I assumed you would be insulted and would not care for it." This time the belt landed for another dozen blows.

"Well I like fresh fruit, now get up and make me a melody of fresh fruit items," he let me up. 

"No," said Colin, "bend him back over again, he said Masters. He was avoiding me as well." The belt landed low on the thighs a few times. "Well?"

"I was avoiding bacon Master Colin."

"What do you know about me?"

"A friend of mine had an operation," I said quickly wishing to avoid any further punishment. "He had artificial glands similar to a Heredshe male. It converts human fat into lubricate for anal sex."

"No wonder ass fucking you is so easy," commented Jeff.

"Then why avoid bacon," said Jeff.

"Oh," I said trying to think of a reason. Mandy was quick and the belt landed quickly for what seemed a long time. "Okay okay," I cried trying to stop the punishment. "He had me give him the Kiss of Submission, his ass smelled like bacon. No offence to you Master Colin." Tears rolled out of my eyes and wet my face.

"The Kiss of Submission," said Colin, "I like that. Show me slave."

Jeff and Mandy let me up and Colin was standing there waiting for me to kiss him somewhere on the face. I sunk to my knees in the position of submission, knees wide hands on floor. His body looked very large from that angle.

"Please turn around Master Colin," I asked shuttering, "I need access to your ass."

"If he hurts me in any way," he told Mandy, "I want you to thrash him good."

"Don't worry Master Colin," she assured, "you will want him to do this long, often, and maybe in public to remind him of his place."

"Please Master Colin," I said as I pressed my cheek against his trouser bottom. "Lower your trousers and underpants, it must be on the naked ass." 

"Does he want me to lift my coat too," asked Colin as he lowered his trousers and silk underpants?

"You should," suggested Mandy, "let him get a good look at your naked wonderfulness."

So he did. It was terrible, pink, hairy and very large. My dick started going limp, I hated myself, I should be aroused. I could see moisture in the crack of his ass; he was getting aroused. After kissing each butt cheek I pressed my face into the crack of his ass and cleaned his rim. Colin sighed it was indeed a new and arousing situation for him. Finally I rested my tongue on his anus, it tasted like smoked ham. I kept licking and pushing my tongue into him. 

"That was nice," said Colin as he stepped away and pulled up his trousers. "We have some time, how about that promised breakfast."

"Yes Master," I said getting up and running to the kitchen. I quickly checked the fridge and found the auto-service had supplied me with servings of fresh fruit, eggs, a bacon-like substance, (waves of fat went sideways not lengthwise,) fruit juice, and something that looked like milk. The pantry had a selection of already hot toast, 12 grain, (my favourite,) something that looked like bagels and crumpets. Back to the fridge, butter pats as well were there.

"Coffee, tea, or something special Masters," I called.

"Tea," said Master Colin, "Imperial Blend."

"I prefer buttermilk," called Jeff, "in a large glass."

"Here we go," I said laying out three settings. Jeff who was standing on Colin's right; a place on the right side. Colin to the left side of the table with his tea ready. And myself facing them, kitchen to my back in case I need to run and get them something. They were not happy.

"Somebody is making all the wrong assumptions," said Colin. Thwack, this time a riding-crop from Mandy was applied. "We prefer to sit with our backs to the kitchen," started Colin as he and Jeff moved the chairs and settings. "You," thwack again, "will kneel between us and be fed by hand. What's this," he held up my mug of Pontiac's Slave Beer©.

"Slave Beer," I told them looking down ashamed.

"I know that stuff," laughed Jeff. "They did that commercial where the house slave was looking all tired, one swig of the stuff he had a huge hard-on and was ready to fuck the whole house."

"Disgusting," said Colin, them to me. "Do you really need this stuff?"

"Sometimes," I shrugged. Colin was very good at giving me the look even if he wasn't into spanking. Mandy was and gave me another hit with the crop. "Master this miserable slave is not sure. When I first started yes, I needed energy drinks to keep up with more than one client. After last week I'm not sure. Except if you like looking at me aroused and ready to perform, then that will do it."

"We prefer our slaves limp," he said as he dumped the glass in the sink, "and submissive. I should also point out we will be keeping you in a chastity belt, to make sure you don't play with yourself."

"Mandy does a good job watching me," I pointed out.

"I'm sure she does," added Colin who gave a brief nod and another strike of the crop made me wince. "However," he said as he and Jeff sat down, "our entourage will not have a fat broad following us. You'll be the only member in a skirt, full metal units with a plug up the ass."

"I can't wait to see what kind of marketing ideas you can do for us," chuckled Jeff as I manoeuvred between them and knelt down. Jeff already had a piece of banana which he popped into my mouth.

"What's this stuff," said Colin holding up a slice of 12 grain bread. I couldn't answer because Jeff jammed a large piece of fruit into my mouth. "Looks disgusting all the non-conforming seeds and all. Must be some primitive health food. I know," he rolled and stuffed that into my mouth, "his."

"Wait a second," said Jeff, "I want to hear his answer."

"Twelve grain bread," I quickly said, "healthy and helps keep you regular."

"I read that," said Jeff. "Do you like to poop in your diapers?"

"No Master Jeff," I said quickly. "I was only curious about diaper bondage because a number of Mistresses complained about getting out of bed at night to go to the bathroom. They suggested putting me in diapers, and well, things went out of control."

"Oh I love this," said Colin, "how so?"

"A number of clients have kept me as a Diaper Boy," I said looking down at the floor and my shrinking cock.

"That sounds like an interesting punishment," said Jeff. "But Grandma always hated changing the kids diapers, real bad smells."

"Oh I can do that for you," perked up Mandy. "And most shopping malls have automated diaper changing facilities." She is a fountain of embarrassing information.

"Movie theatres," asked Colin.

"But of course," chirped Mandy, "and sound-proof too so that you can't hear his cried as the robot spanks his naughty little bottom. You should make stipulations, the robots automatically will change and paddle the Diaper Boy or Girl is genuinely crying. Mister Jones here, well his levels of tolerance are going higher."

"Well since he is your ghost writer," laughed Jeff, "I suppose we can have him changed after the movie."

"Public or private," asked Mandy. "It humiliates him to no end when it is public."

"That sound amusing," said Colin between bites and having his fingers cleaned using my mouth.

"Well don't forget we do cater to the General Audience of the whole Free Zone," reminded Jeff pausing to sip his buttermilk. "Give the kid some of your tea." Colin poured some of his tea into the cup's saucer and handed it to me.

"Thank you Master," I said taking a sip.

"You getting any ideas," said Jeff.

"Drinking cups," I asked.

"Love that," said Jeff, "thinking all the time."

"What about drinking mugs," asked Colin who was more interested in eating.

"Well," I said, "I've noticed people still drink something while walking to work or about the city. Why not mugs with your show's logo on it."

"Has possibilities," said Jeff.

"I could design something," I added while sipping the milky sweet tea, "for a price."

"I love him," laughed Jeff pounding on the table with laugher. "We'll get him an office with a secretary."

"Will she be pretty," I had to ask.

"It doesn't matter," said Colin, "you'll be in a chastity belt. Our secretary is a free woman and efficient. So don't even think of sticking you thing into her."

"No way pal," said Jeff as he put two fingers dripping with jam into my mouth. It was good jam and I made sure I sucked every bit off his fingers. "At least he likes his food."

"Well," said Colin getting up and moving away from the table, "let's see if he can use his mouth for other things." He took off his suit jacket and tossed it aside. "Where's the bedroom."

"Mister Jones has been allocated at the lowest rung," said Mandy as she unfolded the sofa-bed. "Is this acceptable?"

"Marvellous," smiled Colin as he took off his shoes.

"We're going to have a nice three-some," grunted Jeff, pushing some toast into my mouth as he stopped and took of his shoes. I was curious, Jeff's feet were more human that what one would expect a gorilla to have.

"He looks a little worried," said Colin as he took off his trouser revealing his bright pink boxer shorts. For some reason he kept a hand over his crotch as if he wanted to hide his cock. He moved himself on the couch so that his back was resting on the back of the sofa and stretching out his legs like some weird Buddha. "Crawl to me slave." From a low angle as I crawled across the floor towards Colin his legs, stomach and body seemed more massive. I glance off a table mirror and noticed Jeff taking off his trousers; his belly was huge and covered with hair. Something in my stomach churned.

From inside Colin's boxer-shorts a monstrous cock popped out. This took me by surprise, normally Heredshe men had cocks that were smaller than mine. His shirt was open and he had A-cup breast pale and sagging with hair.

"Surprise," laughed Colin and he guided my face to his cock. "After I got here as a political refugee I asked for medical assistance. They gave me a cock the size of the average Free Skyes Man, no questions, and not cost. Now work it." There was no way I could get below his sagging beached whale of a gut to his balls. White bloated skin with a light scattering of hair.

I could feel a pair of hands grope my ass and expertly lube my asshole. At first I thought it was Mandy but a quick glance show it was Jeff's expert hands. His bell practically rested on the back part of my back. His cock was only ten inches long and I guess it was lots of practice for him to reach me without seeing underneath his giant bulk. That's when I started to gage and begin coughing.

"Did you come already Colin," asked Jeff?

"No I did not," said Colin as he pushed me away and tried to cover his mouth with his shirt. "Does he have the plague?"

"No," I coughed and cough, "I'll be alright, hairball." Bleack what a thought, so much hair on both their bloated bodies I just may get one.

"I'm calling EMS," said Jeff picking up his cell phone, "this is not normal." I found the waist paper basket just in time and started to puke. All my breakfast and whatever I drank last night just came up on me. Everybody was panicking about and all I could concentrate on was puking.

Sometime later a Boom-boom Room Medical Technician was trying to get me to drink some fluids while Jeff and Colin were talking to Director Marcy McDermott and Mister John-Lee. No matter how much I tried to make light of it, I couldn't physically make love to those two wonderful "Fat-Boys". And that was it, it wasn't just one time when I couldn't make love to a fat Mistress oh so long ago, nor what training Mandy gave, I couldn't do it. I felt terrible because I disappointed them.

"The Boom-boom Room can give you a full refund and fifty thousand more on the next male Earth Slave Bidding," assured Marcy.

"Fine," snapped Colin.

"No," countered Jeff, "I want his brain, he knows advertizing, took Communications on the Protected Planet Earth. Did you know they have a bigger entertainment industry than we have here? We can compromise; just blindfold him when you fuck him."

"Do you think that could work," asked Colin.

"Drain that android to a small bitch and put it under him," said Jeff. Then to Marcy, "the bid stands." He walked over to me. "Look kid," he told me as he stroked my cheek. "We can work this out, so stop crying." Then he yelled back to anybody listening which included some reporters in the doorway. "Hell and damnation I'll even go on a diet just to keep this slave happy. I want him."

"I certainly don't expect you to include me with that," minced Colin as he followed Jeff.

"Stop whining," Snapped Jeff, "or I'll put you in a diaper too."

"You wouldn't dare," cried Colin as the door closed.

"Does this shut down the bidding," Mister John-Lee asked Marcy.

"Certainly not," she walked up to me and asked the tech, "well? Can he be ready for a 6PM client."

"I'll give him something to put him to sleep for a few hours," said the Tech who injected me with what was supposed to be a non-painful sprayer but it hurt like a bee-sting. "According to the manual an Ancient can bounce back inside of hours. I don't know about his psychological condition."

"Well if the client wants him," concluded Marcy, "then they can pay for the psychologist. Put him in a Slave Booth while a cleaning crew cleans the place. It stinks like a bad orgy and barf."

Mandy half carried me into what looked like a coffin and closed the lid. It was a soundproof booth with bullet-proof glass on both sides and top. They took me down a service elevator and deposited me on the lower floor of the Boom-boom Room's mall. There were other similar booths and many of the slaves were wide awake watching movement around them. As terrified as I was the drug put me to sleep.
