 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

Actually I don't know why Mistress Dianna wanted to clean the condo. Within twelve hours unless otherwise directed Mandy makes sure the place is germ free. Mistress Dianna and Master Charles should have figured that out after she verbally chastised them over not feeding me well enough. Then again it was nice to move about the condo and see where everything goes. 

The condo was pie shaped, narrow end at the entrance. To the left, you enter the living room, which empties into the dining area and a balcony that is the far end. To the right from the entrance, a cloak/storage room, the slave bedroom, the guest bedroom, luxury bathroom, and the master bedroom. From there along the back, the kitchen, big enough to cook in and having a small 4 person table and chairs. From there a bar and arch to the dining area. Lots of open space, but economical in use. The balcony went out twelve feet and also had enough space at one end where the exercise equipment was gathering dust.

"That exercise equipment should be in working order," I told Mandy.

"Consider it done," Mandy told me. "Now go help Charles with the dishes he'll take forever with what he's doing."

I went to help Charles, and it was obvious he was not trained to be a domestic. With a little help and veiled threats that I would turn him over to Mandy he knuckled under and began to work. Meanwhile Mistress Dianna was sunbathing in the nude on the balcony and talking on her cell phone. She didn't check in on us till 11:30AM.

"I just noticed Al has a noon appointment at the Language Clinic," she said as she was dressed in street clothes. "What are you two doing?"

"Cleaning the grout with a tooth brush," Charles grumbled.

"Best way to make sure it's clean," I added.

"I'll take Al to the Clinic while you finish up."

"Yes Mistress," said Charles.

"I'll make sure he works hard," added Mandy as she lightly tapped his naked bottom with a riding crop.

"Will it use that on him," Mistress Dianna asked as I followed her into the slave room.

"If he doesn't do his work well enough," I told her. "Yes it will. Mandy is quite good at getting the best out of you. One way or another."

"You own all this stuff," she said looking inside my closet.

"I do have my own bank account," I explained. "Although most of these clothes are gifts from past clients. If you wish you may purchase clothes for me to wear."

"Well I don't know," she smiled, "budget and all. You have a credit ring?"

"Plain or gigolo," I asked opening a security box and showing two rings.

"I dress my men in expensive clothes," she smiled, "what can you afford?"

"My Manager has me restricted to point one percent of my total worth."

"What are you worth?"

"About three million, most of it is tied up in investments."

"I'm sleeping with the wrong man," she chuckled as she picked out some clothes that matched hers. "Put these on."

After another dazed session with the Language Clinic she took me back to the Body Shop. I was examined by a technician who advised it was possible for me to have anal sex that night. She then took me to a high end clothing store that I would never even consider. Thankfully she kept me in a chastity belt so I had some semblance of modesty. All the clothing was Heredshe since it was easier to lift a skirt than lower a pair of trousers. In a sense I became eye-candy to the female element of the Free Zone.

However that evening Mistress Dianna was entertaining a select group of friends and she was showing off her eye-candy naked. Charles unfortunately was also relegated to a house slave and served drinks. Mandy took care of the kitchen while dressed as a maid. I on the other hand was on my knees wide, and elbows on the living room coffee table. I was like some trophy to be examined and well I wasn't sure.

The guest filtered in and chuckled at the site of me on the coffee table. Some suggested it would have been better if I was on the dinner table among the munchies. Some of Mistress Dianna's friends were definitely the Femdom type, they looked down at me like something you would scrap off you shoe. A few well places slaps on the bottom dangerously close to my balls also came my way. Colin and Jeff made an appearance. Jeff felt I look positively ugly now that all signs of body hair, even the roots were gone. Colin groped my asshole and commented he had a son the same age as I appeared to be.

Uncle Paul and his entourage were the height of the party arriving at 10PM. With him was the head of the Power Enterprise Network from the city of Centropolsis. Which did not have as large a spaceport as Central City, they had a sizably larger population. At his feet knelt his new personal slave Cupcake. She had undergone quiet a transformation. The make-up, and clothes were gone. She was meek and mild towards him cuddling like butter will not melt in my mouth look. When she looked at me, she had murder in her eyes. He ass had a pink glow to it, owing that she had seen enough of Uncle Paul's use of the cane to keep her in line.

"Here's another of my prise possessions Gary," Uncle Paul said as he sat in a chair in front of me. The other gentleman sat on the sofa looking at me. "Pontiac Jones, meet Gary Knight of Power Enterprise Network the owner/director." He touched my face and pointed me towards the distinguished gentleman in an immaculate three piece business suit. His servant a young man in what at first looked like a matching skin tight business suit brought him a drink. When the young man turned I noticed he was wearing only body paint, he was nude too. I respectfully nodded my head.

"He's an Earthman," grunted Gary, "so what we have plenty in Centropolsis as well."

"This one has a degree in communication from Earth," pointed out Uncle Paul. "You told me, that Earth has the largest entertainment industries anywhere. He lived there, he studied it, and participated in it. Do you know how much personal wealth he has acquired since he has been here?"

"Probably peanuts," said Gary sipping his drink.

"Three million," said Uncle Paul making him choke on his drink.

"How many years has he been here," he asked.

"Three months, and Pontiac's Slave Beer sells in your city too."

"Pontiac," he asked lifting my face up and looking at me. "Yea, he chuckled, I've seen his face. I drink his beer before I bugger my servant Paulie here." Paulie looked very embarrassed. So why isn't he here sitting on the sofa in a suit."

"He's still learning, needs more humility before he talks."

"I see," chuckled Gary, "okay let's talk about your Schoolgirls Sound Punishment idea."

"I'm arranging to get the rights for the movie Schoolgirls Sound Punishment Movie to be made into a television show."

"You don't have the capital or personnel to do it. Not like the way we do it."

"That's why I want to involve all the small networks on this one, everybody chips in a couple billion, we find some teenage Bonded Slaves like Cupcake here, and we have a show."

"Who do you have in mind to write it?"

"Why write it, do it old school way like they did on Barnia, set up a limited lot with a couple hundred hidden cameras and shoot the whole thing. Let the actors make up the lines."

"We could run it 24/7 like Ed TV."

"Ed TV was a movie not reality," I said.

"Did somebody talk and move when he was not suppose to," asked Gary. A riding crop hit me hard on the naked ass. "Do you have something to say?"

"No Master Gary." The crop landed again hard.

"Did I say you could speak?" I knew the game, a spanking version of Simon Says. I kept my mouth shut while he ridiculed me. He then went on with Uncle Paul. "We should use him in the show too. Have him as a Goth to cover the neck band." I shrugged, rolled my eyes and said nothing.

"He's rolling his eyes at your Uncle Gary," chirped Cupcake. That was stupid on her part. Out can Uncle Paul's belt and he gave her a number of spanks. She found herself bending over an end-table with Uncle Paul's belt in her mouth.

Uncle Paul and his friend Gary then switched to speaking in Free Skyes Basic and I could only follow the odd word or two. They mentioned the wide open studios of Barnia which was where Jane Speedwell also worked on some porn and semi-porn movies. From what I was gathering the Coalition didn't have a clue as to what Hollywood or Bollywood were like. I think they still think the big companies are still there with their vast holdings of studio lots or that the movies that John Ford made in the deserts outside LA or Los Vegas are still there. To my knowledge there are vast suburbs there now.

"Let's play a fuck game," one of Mistress Dianna's friends said as her finger traced up and down the crack of my ass. She then penetrated my anus with her finger. "Oh he's so hot and moist like a woman's vagina." Others laughed at my expense. 

"What kind of a game," said Uncle Paul.

"We blindfold Mister Jones here," she said, "and somebody fucks his ass. Then he has to guess who did it."

"Mister Jones," said Mistress Dianna "is my husband's fuck toy. I don't think he wants to share his favourite bottom."

"Then we'll make your naughty husband watch," she laughed. "If he can't take orders, he has to see what happens."

"Humm," commented Mistress Dianna, "okay we have plenty of blindfolds."

"It sounds rather one sided," said Uncle Paul. "He should get a reward if he guess correctly."

"Right you are," chuckled Gary, "in fact I'll bet my boy's ass that Jones can guess is on one try."

"One try," said Uncle Paul, "I'll match with Cupcake here. I know she wants to cut his balls off for getting herself into her present situation."

"That sound fair," said Mistress Dianna, "one hour with the person of his choice. And the time goes down as other guest bugger him."

"You don't think your new boy-toy can figure out who's fucking him," asked Uncle Paul.

"Block his ears," called Colin from the back.

"Excellent suggestion," added Gary, "I'll throw in a box of Cubans with that." That made me perk up.

"Want to say something clever," said Uncle Paul as he took the crop out of my mouth.

"Clever," I gasped working my jaw, "yes sir, I'd rather smoke a Cuban over a White Owl any day."

"That's an Earth Expression," snapped Uncle Paul. He stuffed a small cake of soap into my mouth and then a hood was pulled over my head. I was encased in silence. My face forced to the table top.

Hands caressed me and jacked my penis I got so horny I could feel the Heredshe glands working and dripping out my ass and down my balls. The head of a penis pressed against my anus. It demanded entry as it slowly worked its way into me. It hurt, hurt like made and my ass struggled against it. I pushed back trying to shit it out. The penis pulled back and then forced itself into me. It worked itself past the ring of pain and into my colon. Finally it reached a point where it touched and gave me a sudden thrill. It was as if the tip of my cock was inside me and feeling a vagina or something.

Then I realized it, the new nerve ending. When being penetrated this deeply I would feel a sensation that would make me beg for a big cock up my ass. Fuck you Charles you bastard, I thought to myself. I still loved Jane, and that was all there is to it. I tried to concentrate on the person using me. I could feel the person's fingernails digging into me. The balls attacked to the cock didn't bounce naturally and they were smooth. Shaved balls had stubble, so this had to be one of Dianna's Femdom friends doing me. I had to think as to how else I could figure it out.

She started pounding me hard. She was reaching an orgasm and my cock was throbbing but no cum. Hands grabbed my arms and forced them behind my back. A high heeled foot brushed against my left ankle. A single strong hand held my hands behind my back and she rode me like a bronco rider. It must have looked pretty bizarre and I'm sure Uncle Paul's friend Gary was getting a good show. The soap in my mouth tasted horrible, my asshole hurt I was submitting, then came and came again. It was one of the most powerful multiple orgasms I ever felt. Foam from the soap gagged out of my mouth, my nose couldn't take in air fast enough. My body convulsed with the orgasms.

The hot hood was pulled off my head and I was filled in a room filled with laughter and applaud. I spat out the mini-bar of soap and gagged for air. I was spent, the fake cock was out of my asshole and various faces looked down at me as I was curled on my side.

"Sit him up," ordered Gary, "slave lick his cum up."

"Forgive me," I gasped, and gulped down some air, "for spitting up the soap Uncle Paul. Do you wish to continue my punishment by putting in another?" I opened my mouth half expecting another bar of soap but instead a mug of slave beer pressed against my mouth. Opening my eyes Mandy held the mug and looked stern. Behind her I could see Mistress Dianna looking concerned as her friends laughed.

"Thank you," I said as the mug was pulled away.

"So that's how an Ancient male has a multiple orgasm," said Gary. "We should see about getting one for our corporation."

"Just make sure he has some skills besides party tricks," added Uncle Paul. "Well boy, you have any idea who did this."

"It's all elementary my dear Uncle Paul," I said standing up and posing like Sherlock Holmes. To which, I may never match Leonard Nimoy's performance as the great detective. Besides I was in the nude, he never even took off his shirt. "May I elaborate?"

"He's playing for time," observed Gary. "Are you waiting for the culprit to confess?"

"As if buggery is considered a high crime in these modern days," I shrugged and wandered past the Femdom quartette and looked at Jeff. "You have long fingernails Jeff," I accused. I twisted to show off the scratches on my back and ass. "Everybody knows how you and Colin were unable to bugger me at the Boom-boom Room. Was this revenge?"

"That's it I did it," cried Jeff, "he's the greatest piece of Ass I ever had. Second to you Colin."

"You'll pay for this Jones," Colin cursed at me, "spoiling our marriage."

"Wrong," I snapped back. "Everybody at Action Network knows I have a skin allergy to silk, and you never take off your silk boxers. And I don't have a skin rash."

"Curses," grunted Jeff, "fucked again."

"I still want to know who's ass is better than mine," asked Colin.

"Look at the way he cries when he's being taken up the ass," defended Jeff. "He'll take any punishment, pain and all and never complain. That's exciting."

"That's also because he's never been trained to take a good cock," accused Colin. "Dianna," he called, "you're a poor trainer; put a butt plug up his ass every night. Small to large as soon as he can take a smaller one without complaint go to the next size."

"I'll put that on my to-do list," she laughed. Then to her friends in a whisper, "I get so horny when he cries."

"Excuse me," I said as I passed through the group. I stopped suddenly beside one of her friends, she was dressed almost exactly like Marilyn Monroe, except she was a Free Skyes woman. "You look like Marilyn Monroe," I smiled.

"Yes," she smiled in the same bashful way as the great actress, "Earth women are so sexy."

"Nonsense," I snapped, "they work hard, starve themselves, drink too much, do drugs, and have a host of sexual hang-ups. Since you hang out with Mistress Dianna that means you are a Femdom or a want-a-be Domme so you have to show off by fucking me hard. An earth woman has a hard time reaching an orgasm in public. You did it naturally are you an actress?"

"I'm Dianna's body double," she confessed. "How did he know I fucked him."

I walked back to the coffee table and the two industrialists. I stroked Gary's pet and noticed the paint didn't come off. Uncle Paul was chuckling and Gary was red-faced.

"Do I get my rewards now," I asked.

"Just as soon as you explain how you did it," demanded Gary.

"Well you can blame Princess Cupcake for that," I laughed. Cupcake's ass and then whole body cringed as she tried to go smaller. "You see I have only thirty-seven point eight percent Earth Human DNA. The rest of me is Ancient, and Ancients have a very good sense of smell. But it was Cupcake who made me different."

"How's that," asked Uncle Paul.

"Colin," I called across the room to the overweight film critic. "Do you mind showing off your ass?"

"I do," he called back.

"I don't mind," called Jeff, then to Colin, "get up there and show off your ass bum-boy."

"Oh why me," he cursed as he got up and walked up next to me. I already figured out that Colin was still a submissive even though he found the courage to escape being on Heredshe. Jeff was smarter and used Colin in many ways including being his submissive. Colin turned and dropped his pants. He was wearing a jock-strap chastity belt which left his asshole exposed. He too was horny and his butthole was dripping.

"As you can see," I wiped my left hand up the crack of his ass and my right up mine. "Or should I say smell, we both have different scents. He's a true Heredshe, but mine is altered with a sweet smell." Uncle Paul and Gary were impressed. Colin had to take a sniff at my hands and was surprised.

"You know I do intend to fuck your sweet ass," he whispered to me.

"Loose thirty pound," I whispered back into his ear, "get my owner's permission and I would gladly be your bitch. Until then," I wiped my own scented hand on his silk pocket kerchief, "use this to dream on." He sniffed the kerchief and stuffed it deep into his pocket. Maybe the thought of actually being able to make love to me kept him working on his weight problem. Before I could make any more of a scene of myself Mistress Dianna put a firm hand on the back of my neck.

"Well," she smiled to the crowd, "I guess it's time to put my little slave to bed."

"Good idea," said Uncle Paul, "we've had enough sex games for the night. He can take Cupcake to bed with him for the next hour."

"You too Vargus," Gary said to his boy/slave. "Miss Dianna mind if I take in the night air and enjoy a cigar."

"No problem sir."

"Send your husband out too," he added, "put an ashtray gag on his mouth."

"It's cold out here," grumbled Charles as a penis gage with an ashtray on the end of a tube was strapped on his face. His hands were free, but he knows better to keep them behind his back.

"You have one hour," Mistress Dianna told me. "I promise not to peek," she whispered in my ear and gave me a kiss.

"Check the cameras all you want," I whispered back holding her for a moment. "If I'm good, maybe you'll let me watch too." I took cupcake's hand and made her pinch Vargus's ear. Being much taller the boy had to bend over to accommodate her. She still had Uncle Paul's belt in her mouth and I knew he wouldn't mind if I used it on her. "Oh Mandy," I called to the Android.

"Yes Mister Jones," it said walking up to me in a sexy manor in its maid outfit.

"Can I have a treat tonight," I asked in a childish fashion, "some chocolate cookies and milk?"

"Alright," said Mandy as it sauntered back to the kitchen, "but it's going to be two percent whole milk, I'm watching your weight Mister Jones."
