 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. So I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

After having a very short trip to and from the home planet of the Ancients I learned a lot more about Jane Speedwell than I ever did watching her porn videos. Her Uncle refused to allow me on the planet while I was still a bonded slave and that made for some interesting situations. Bill the ship's chief engineer gave me a reading assignment which was way too easy. So I asked to do a proper University Level Paper on the subject of Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock and his short reign of terror in the Middle Kingdom star sector. 

As an aside, highly technical planets can claim territory and control of their sun and planets within its rotational pull. So you don't say the planet Middle Kingdom, namely because they control and run a terra-formed planet and about one hundred other manmade/natural satalight communities. So it's a whole star system. So pardon me for sounding like some University type.

I had to read my paper out loud to Bill and the crew. Not standing in front of them in a suit like a lecturer, or in short pants like a school-boy. I was naked, bend over the spanking horse, naked ass in the air waiting for the cane. Personally I liked being an Unskilled Labourer for Bill. He never punished me after he laid down the law. Since then I tried real hard not to displease him. I looked about when I finished my reading.

"Pass," chirped Soupy, "he didn't put me to sleep."

"I'd have to agree with Soupy," said Laura, "he covered all aspects rather well and Prince Johnass Fracisco von Studdlebock's crimes suit the punishment. I think it should be posted on a website some place."

"Jane," asked Bill. "You are very quiet."

"Keep your eyes on the floor," she snapped. "He should be punished for looking about. He should have remained anonymous while working at the Boom-boom Room and met me on the mall someplace. I'm in love with a guy I can't screw, and he has to screw probably as many people I did when I worked in the Entertainment Industry. How did all of this happen to me?" She leaned against my naked ass and cried into it. She kissed my ass then desperately asked, "is there some way we could run away?"

"And not get caught," asked Bill quietly moving closer towards her. At the same time my cuffs were locked to horse as he casually slipped a gage into my mouth before I could speak. "It can be done. But would you let the Bad Guys get away with it."

"The Bad Guys," said Jane snapping back to reality.

"Sure, what will it do to the War Effort if you ran away from your duty? What if they had something to do with you meeting Mister Jones here before he is a free man? Would you still be in love with him if he was the biggest whore in Central City? Let alone go out with a man whose balls and seen every other day on the internet as he shaves them. Would you hold that against him?"

"No I wouldn't."

"And you Mister Jones," he magnets released me and he took the gage out of my mouth. "How would you feel about being seen with a woman who's publically fucked more men than Pamala Anderson?"

"You don't know how twisted I am," I told him truthfully. "But this little adventure, Talents, Magic, Wizards, okay, yes I will marry her when I become free of my contract." Then to her, "can you take me with all my faults?"

"Before we go to bed every night I'll get to the seat of your problems," she smiled. An alarm sounded, "Alert stations, Entering Free Skyes."

*****

Two hours later we walked back to the Rotunda of the Boom-boom Room and met the Desk Clerk. He processed the final bill to Jane who was still wearing her star ship coveralls. She decided to spend the rest of her vacation travelling since she can't go home without a free me. As for me, I was back in the glass chastity belt, gemmed butt-plug, and Marry-Janes.

"Mister Jones," said the Clerk, "go straight to your room Mister John-Lee will meet you there. And carry your own luggage we don't have robots carrying the staff's luggage."

"Yes sir," I grumbled as a service robot dropped my suitcase with a satisfied series of beeps and chirps. "Well back to work for me Major Speedwell."

"You too Mister Pontiac Jones," she laughed.

"I can't help but wonder what you'll be doing tonight."

"Oh, probably eating supper with my cousin Otto. What about you?"

"He'll probably be on the receiving end of a good whipping if he doesn't move his ass," snapped the desk clerk.

I just got into my room/apartment when Mike came in behind me. The room seemed the same, just a little stale since nobody has been in it for a week. Mike on the other hand had changed quite a bit. He went from sloppy hotel staff/janitor to wearing a suit and looking more like a butler.

"Hey Mike," I smiled and gave him a hug, "nice threads you doing some special courtesan duty?"

"I'm the floor supervisor," he snapped and gave me a look that made me want to drop to my knees. "So it's Mister John-Lee when on duty. Mike when I'm off, which is not too often. You know a few BOSS Agents busted the room Android."

"What is BOSS, I've heard that a few times already."

"The Bureau of State Security, secret agents hired by the Planetary Governor. To which by the way his office sent you a gift." He pointed a remote control to the room android alcove and a squat thing moved out of it.

"Hello Mister Jones," said the non-mechanical, but definitely the voice of Mandy the Room Android.

"Mandy," I exclaimed. It stepped into the light and was well still the same height of five foot eight inches, now with very human like skin, raven black hair, and forty pound overweight. "Ouch you are,-"

"Say it and I'll paddle the fat out of your ass," it snapped.

"Save the reunion for later," snapped Mister John-Lee, "you got two hours to get cleaned up. Including the apartment. Your client is the lowest bidder in taking you for a full-time contract."

"Full-time."

"Yes that means you will move in with her and be at her service 24/7. You android will tag along if she wants it."

"Who's the client?"

"I'm not telling you," smirked Mike, "it might be Jane Speedwell or some horny old cougar who wants a young stud ready at the door. So make this place and yourself presentable. She like cold white wine, got it?"

"Yes sir," I said. "You're doing a good job sir," I called as he headed out. Then to Mandy, "this place smells stale, can we freshen it up."

"You need to step into the Dark Room," Mandy told me, "I'll get out the vacuum and do some cleaning."

The Dark Room was still not adjusted for the heightened sensitivity of the Ancient physic. The catheters went up my bum, into my penis, nose, ears and down my throat. Small insect-like pads rested on my eyes keeping them closed as even my eyelashes were cleaned. It felt like Lake Erie was up my ass as I farted it out then inserted itself again into me. Eventually I stepped out refreshed, and clean.

"How long was I inside," I asked Mandy as the apartment looked cleaner.

"Just over an hour and a half," it snapped, "you were obviously very dirty. Didn't they wash you?"

"No to the sanitary standards of the Boom-boom Room," I smiled and looked at the cloths Mandy laid out for me. "What kind of clothes are these?"

"Middle of the road Free Skyes fashion," explained Mandy, "more like Walmart," it added in Earth English. 

"Okay," I said not saying the Earth English word and quickly dressing. It was male clothing, briefs, socks, trousers, shirt, loafers and a V-neck sweater. "This place needs something," I said rushing to the kitchen.

"Mister Jones," snapped Mandy as she waddled behind me wearing something Julia Childes would wear. "You are expected to be at the door with a cold glass of wine in your hands. You don't have to cook till she tells you to."

"What do we have here," I asked looking at a fully stocked fridge with fresh meats. "Middle Class clothes and high class food?"

"Not that high class," said Mandy, "you will have to do the cooking. Most rich folks are too busy to cook and eat out."

"Here we go," I smiled taking out what looked like a cookie sheet and a bottle of what smelled like vanilla. I put a few drops of vanilla on the sheet ordered the stove to two fifty and left the door partly open.

"What are you cooking," demanded Mandy.

"You can spank me later if this doesn't work," I said as I quickly went about the room dusting and adjusting things. "You didn't train me for nothing, and I do study outside the box." The doorbell rang, "its Showtime," I smiled. 

I opened the door and met my client. She was I guess what people on Free Skyes would call a cougar. She looked no more than forty, but was actually a hundred and ten. Tall, stern, and wearing conservative clothing she looked down at me.

"Hello," I said. 

"Nice greeting," she said in a manner more like a tired school teacher. "Are you Pontiac Jones?"

"Yes Mistress," I said taking a glass of chilled white wine from Mandy. "Please come in," I moved aside letting her into the room. "Your wine," I offered to her.

"Who's the fat woman," she pointed to Mandy.

"Ah," I swallowed, "that is Mandy my personal android and trainer."

"Trainer," she half laughed, "I never heard of a Sex Slave with a personal trainer, let alone an android."

"I was a gift from an anonymous friend of Mister Jones," explained Mandy. "I am an upgraded Mark Twelve personal android with special programming and fittings to make sure he is in top notch condition."

"Really," she said scowling at me.

"Earthmen are notoriously lazy," Mandy mock whispered to her. "I have to give him at least a dozen swats on the bare bottom to get him through a daily training work-out."

"Well that sounds like fun," she said as she sauntered about and relaxed in one of the recliners and leaned back raising her feet.

"Can I massage your feet," I said kneeling down and reaching to take off her shoes.

"That would be nice," she sighed, "it's been a long day and not too bitchy." I worked on her feet. "Oh that's nice, most of the time I would just love to have you bent over and spank that young bottom of yours red."

"If it pleases you," I told her, "the ottoman can rise to a spanking horse, I'll drop my trousers and bend over."

"Yea," she smiled, "later. What's that smell?"

"Oh I was making cookies earlier," I mock confessed. "I shared them with some friends before you came."

"How nice," she smiled, "by the way I'm Wanda Stelmac, I'm a long term school teacher and I have an apartment here in the Free Zone. And yes, I have enough in savings to put down a bond on you. So don't fool yourself."

"Yes Mistress," I bent down and began sucking her toes. 

"Don't think you can get away with doing my feet all night, your android can do that while you cook for me."

"What would you like, white meat to match the wine?"

"Fix me something to go with some red meat, I'd like a steak tonight. Can you cook steak Earth-boy?"

"Electric stove, gas stove, charcoal or over a wood fire, I'm your boy-toy." I got up and nodded to Mandy who took over for me and headed into the kitchenette. "Oh," I rushed back, "how do you like your steak Mistress, burned, cooked, or bloody as hell?"

"Well," she smiled, "bloody as hell seems interesting."

I then made sure about food allergies and preferences before I headed back. Like most discount kitchens mine was electric and frying was the only option. I chose the proper side-dishes and unlike the cheep meals steak required me to work at it. Eventually Wanda got curious and invaded the kitchen.

"So how are you doing?"

"Almost done," I said as I drained the vegetables. "Mashed potatoes alright, I'm hand mashing them."

"I'll survive the lumps," she caressed my ass. "Do they beat you often?"

"Only when I'm a bad boy," I told her truthfully. "I didn't want to present a sore ass to you."

"And why is that?"

"Because whatever punishment I get from say Mandy; you may give me may double."

"Can I help?"

"Sure," I said, "watch the steaks, and I'll set the table. May I sit and enjoy dinner with you?"

"Well, this time is okay. But if I'm in a bitchy mood, you'll eat on the floor with your hands like a small child. And forget the charm; I'll be spanking you good. Do I need a reason to spank you?"

"Of course not Mistress Stelmac I'm here to please you."

I quickly made the table and went back to the kitchen. Mistress Stelmac sat at the table and watched me. I kept myself calm and concentrated on my work. We made small talk through the dinner. I enjoyed every bite of it, so much better than slave food.

"You wolfed that down like it was your last meal," said Mistress Stelmac.

"I don't eat this well," I confessed. "Mandy will quickly tell you that I am normally fed Boom-boom Room approved slave meals and sometimes in a rather humiliating methods as well. It has an interesting repertoire of methods of feeding me. So," I said changing the subject, "what can I do to please you."

"Strip," she ordered. 

I pulled off the sweater and then my shoes and socks. Her eyes followed me and ate me hungrily. I moved at a medium speed, not caring where my clothes landed or if there were neatly folded. If she wanted them folded she would tell me. Finally I took off my underpants and waited to see her re-action to my penis.

"Interesting," she reached over and grabbed hold of my member. "How do you Earthmen rate this?"

"Medium to small," I shrugged, "according to Boom-boom Room records most women prefer a smaller more comfortable package. Except for Heredshe they find it rather large."

"Large by Heredshe standards," she laughed. "Well I knew how big you were before I came here. I have exacting standards when I can afford it. And you are getting aroused too. I guess I'll have to tame you, bend over the horse." 

I didn't have shackles on, but was disciplined enough to bend over and hold a submissive position. Mandy showed her the toy closet which contained a selection of whips, paddles, belts, and other punishment toys that the customers can use. There were lots of reflective surfaces in the apartment and I could see her select a standard school strap. Free Skyes hasn't used the strap in their school systems at all except for rare free-zone advanced school where discipline went from discipline to rewards.

Whack! Landed he belt and I felt like a layer of skin was being peeled off my ass. She continued till my cock went limp and I was on the verge of crying. I wasn't sure how many it was the school strap was definitely nasty. The room was quiet for a long time.

"Get up and come over here," she ordered.

She had spread a blanket on the sofa, and it was apparent we were going to make love right there. I knelt beside her feet and kissed each of them. She spread her legs and I slowly kissed and switched from one leg to the other up her legs. Lifting her skirt I kissed her tummy and her white panel panties. I worked at her crotch till she lifted her ass and allowed me to take off her panties. Once they were off; I began licking her vagina and clitoris. It took concentration if she grinded towards my face I had to bear down. If she pulled back, I let off. She raised her ass and I slide one hand under her. Since she was not Heredshe I attempted to slide a finger up her ass. She complied and I finger fucked her asshole while still licking her love hole. When she came, she put her hand over her crotch and I pulled off.

She sat up and waved towards her back and I reached around and ran down her back zipper. In an almost frantic effort she pulled her dress over her head and tossed it aside. Next came her support bra, again white plain but her breast; magnificent. For somebody one hundred and four she had a pair of magnificent D-cups and I was hungry. She relaxed as I laid on top of her and suckled on each breast. 

"Fuck me," she ordered, "put it in."

"Do you want to guide it," I asked.

She grinned and grabbed my cock. I rarely if ever would put my dick into a woman. I did it once wrong and went up her ass. That ruined an otherwise perfect evening.

I gently humped her, I was a slave, and it was more mechanical to me. I was there for her pleasure so I concentrated on her. Besides, it could be worse; if she wasn't satisfied she might use the school strap on me again. I worked to match her movements till it came to the point where she was thrashing and scratching my back. With a good strong thrust I pounded her till I heard he shutter and come. I squeezed and held her as her breathing returned to normal.

"That was good," she gasped, "did you come?"

"No Mistress," I confessed, "I'm so close, but I wasn't sure if I needed your permission."

"Hehehe," she laughed, "get up and come in my mouth." So I stood up and jerked off into her mouth.

"Would you like some wine with your Earthman seed," I asked signalling Mandy.

"Yes," she said and I gave her a glass or red wine. "Why don't you have another glass."

"My limit is one Mistress," I lied.

"One!"

"Boom-boom Room Rules Mistress," explained Mandy. "Slaves are only allowed one drink limit a day. But I do have some Slave Beer for him."

"Slave Beer," asked Mistress Stelmac, "I saw that in the news. It's a carbonated energy drink correct?"

"Aphrodisiac," I told her taking the mug, "these things make me horny as hell. Do you want me to drink it?"

"The night is young," she leaned back. "drink it. If I spend the night will you need diapers?"

"Well you could let me get up and use the bathroom."

"He hates diapers," giggled Mandy.

"Too bad," she chuckled, "I like my men to stay in bed all night. So if I win the bid, will you come too Mandy to change his diapers?"

"Yes at no extra charge," explained Mandy. "I can assist you, milk him, but mainly keep him clean, and healthy. You may think nothing about exercising in the morning or on the way home from work. Earthmen are lazy and need a good swift kick in the ass to get going."

"You kick him too?"

"Naa, a good hand to the butt is all he needs. Kicking, makes him angry, same thing with face slapping too."

"What about butt-fucking?"

"Oh he's good at submitting to that, but needs some ass training. He's part Ancient and heals quickly. So it may mean a few months of a butt-plug up his ass. Bend over for inspection," it told me.

It was humiliating being talked about like you were a possession and not real. I wish I knew why I loved that kind of humiliating attention. While your asshole might be the last private spot on your body Mandy and Wanda Stelmac discussed various forms of bleaches to keep my pie-hole the same colour as the rest of my skin. I never realized how much maintenance went into my body. The Dark Room actually used depilatories to keep my body hairless, and special cups on my balls so that I could do the ritual of shaving my balls. Dark Rooms cost about three hundred credits a month and extra for the other cleansers on my body. 

"We also have a new line of dildos," continued Mandy. "We started with the Mister Pontiac Jones dildo, the exact same size as Pontiac Jones himself."

"Really," she asked, "why?"

"What better way to humiliate a man is to fuck him with his own cock?"

"Is that true," Mistress Stelmac asked me.
