 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

I was really regretting posting that I was interested in diapers, talking about it, and surfing the diaper websites. When Master Charles and Mistress Dianna left for work I was suddenly trapped and alone in their empty condo. I had four and a half hours of study time, or at least that's what my computer's calendar told me. After checking for incoming messages I had one from Uncle Paul, it was a video file, so I played it.

"Hello Al," he smiled at me, "well today is the first day of your not working for me. So now you have to ask yourself, how can you help me? I want people who can think, I don't need yes-men. We have no room for them. So today's assignment, is I want you to do a comparative study of the other channels that people watch. I know you can only speak Coalition Common, but that's a good start. See what the other people are doing okay?" I went to turn off the video. "If you don't say yes Uncle Paul real fast Mandy will give you six with the cane."

"Yes Uncle Paul," I shouted at the computer.

"Good boy," he chuckled, "but not so loud. Mandy will take you over her knee and give you one for every decibel of your shouting. That is all."

"Ah shit," I cursed. The door to my room opened and Mandy stood there wearing a maid's uniform. It was not a sexy maid uniform, more like a Victorian full length dress.

"Come here naughty boy," she ordered sternly. I followed her into the empty dining room where a single chair was in the middle of the floor, curtains pulled wide, a news camera robot hovered outside. Undoubtedly Uncle Paul, Master Charles, and maybe Dianna were watching. I might be getting a spanking now, but later Master Charles will also have words with me too. "You yelled at sixty-three decibels," it told me. My diaper was pulled down, I was pulled across her lap, butt-plug taken out and I was given a spanking.

I took the punishment silently, I've had worse. Once done Mandy took me into the bathroom and gave me a cleansing enema. It then put some lube in me and the same butt-plug that was in me earlier. It actually felt a little more comfortable and the diaper was put back on.

The same hard chair was placed in front of the entertainment centre with a pad and pen. I sat down and took stock of the situation. A remote control for the TV and the owner's manual was on the coffee table. I quickly read it over and started multi-viewing what was on TV. Mandy brought me some milk and cookies and I made notes. I found that the system had recording capabilities and it was all making sense to me.

It was not much different than local TV back on Earth. Local television stations don't have the budget to compete with national or specialty stations. Action Network, had only a few real stars, and some shows that were down-right bad. And that is only in the two hours of actual watching I was doing.

"Mandy," I politely asked, "can I give Master Charles a phone call, it is local."

"You can ask me," it told me.

"Okay can I make some local phone calls," I asked it.

"No," it replied, "you will have to ask Master Charles when he gets home." It then reminded me that whoever was being sent to take me to the Language Clinic should have to change my diapers. I had to stand there and wet myself, or else. 

Or else, that's all I got. Well, I tested else once, and that hurt like hell. So as embarrassing as it is, I had to stand there and fill my pants. Mandy tut-totted me and took me into the bathroom. I had to lay on the changing table, hands over my head, ankles in stirrups suspended. Then the door-bell rang.

"Coming," called Mandy as it left me and headed to the door.

"Hi," called a loud voice, "I'm Alace, Mister Chase sent me over from the Office. I'm a little early I know, but I'm always that way. By the way I have to pee like mad. I must have a bladder like a..." the voice stopped in the door-way.

"Don't mind him Miss Alace," said Mandy, "he needed to be changed."

"Your slave is not potty trained," asked Alace as she took down her tight fitting pants, panties, and sat on the toilet.

"Oh he's not my slave," explained Mandy, "I'm his Android Trainer. Master Charles and Mistress Dianna have forbidden him from using the bathroom. This is called Diaper Bondage."

"Diaper Bondage," giggled Alace, "does he carry his teddy bear with him."

"I'm definitely not into infantilism," I told her.

"That is a big no," said Mandy. "And you mind your manners," it told me. "If he seems too big for you, you can always take him to a spanking station and pay a robot to punish him. Or just tell him you'll have a little talk to Master Charles."

"Oh my," said Alace as she wiped herself and flushed. "I know how to paddle boys and men. I understand he has some clothes to wear after the treatment."

"Yes I have a travel bag for you," said Mandy. "Would you like me to pack you a little lunch? You don't need to eat all that junk food they have at the Mall."

"Oh I couldn't," chuckled Alace as she pulled on her panties and then skin tight pants. "Besides I'm still on the company time."

"Nonsense," said Mandy, "besides I was going to give little Al here some lunch before heading off to school." My mind raced, little Al, off to school, please.

"Well," she giggled and checked out my penis before Mandy closed the diaper. "He's not that little, I hate the way the local boys can almost pole-vault into bed." She reached into the diaper and groped my cock. "How large does he get when aroused?"

"Only a couple inches," said Mandy as it took my feet out of the stirrups. "Put your feet together while I put on your plastic pants."

"Mandy," I cried, "I don't need plastic pants the diaper is absorbent enough."

"Don't you dare talk back," Alace chastised me as she gripped my cock hard and twisted.

"Mistress Alace," corrected Mandy as it took her hand out of my crotch. "We do not do cock and ball torture on our property. We can always turn him over and spank him. Or something a little more uncomfortable," it held up a stage two butt-plug.

"That tiny thing," laughed Alace. I groaned as the butt-plug went into me. "Oh he's a virgin?"

"No," smiled Mandy, "he just heals very quickly, so we will be taking some time stretching him for the Master's Pleasure."

The two continued to talk and titter at my expense and humiliation while I ate a light early lunch. Alace, Julia, and Coco, are the general office staff. While I am taking classes at Language Clinic they will be taking turns to take time off and "baby-sit" me. 

A few hours later my head was spinning with Free Skyes Common in my head and my Baby-Sitter had me get dressed right there in the middle of the Mall before taking me to the Ringo Building. Alace took the diaper off me and locked me into the chastity belt. I guess with my head so spinning from the class my penis did not get erect as it got stuffed into that nasty tube before the rest of the cloths.

I was slowly getting use to the Free Zone and almost anything can happen. Well in some cases having minors show up bad thing, that's why there is so much security around the Free Zone. On the other hand people under the age of twenty-five, (yes twenty-five,) are still considered non-adults. Some like Cupcake, as young as age sixteen can apply for and be tested to accept the responsibilities of a young adult. This brought out the Free Zone High Schools and Universities where naked bum punishments have better results than detention.

"So we actually have High Schools and Universities in the Free Zone," I asked Alace.

"Yea but forget it," snapped Alace, "you're not getting out of the Chastity Belt."

"No no no," I pleaded, "I am researching about this new TV show based on a movie that Uncle Paul is doing."

"Well that stuff is top secret," she told me, "and you should stop thinking about it. Get your head into that Dianna needs to stay focused on her work. Personally I can't see how that kid sized penis of yours could help. You better have a talented tongue, because I prefer a man a real man. And a little slave boy like you doesn't turn me on."

"Hey these are the gifts god gave me," I complained, "can't we just be friends?"

"What," snapped Alace as she stepped very close to me, "and not be able to tease you?" He hand cupped my ass, "you'll have to earn it." With a quick pat on the bottom I had to follow her into the complex.

The studios took up the tenth to fifteenth floor. Not much different than the TV complex in Chicago or New York. Real estate is very expensive and buildings had to multi-functional. The sets came in two types, fixed and replaceable. Some studios would have the sets built and ready by 10AM, after rehearsals, shooting, by Midnight the set is torn down, floors washed, and a new set it then built. Television, in many cases was old style theatre, and had to be flexible. My job on the other hand was, one of those things people titter about around the coffee table.

Dianna had her posse which was the perks of the job. There was Nino Patton, her personal secretary, who was one of the Femdoms from the party. Her own hairdresser, Sonny Kesselring, who doubled as a hairdresser for a number of extra's when needed. Who else, Sonny was the girl looking like Marylyn Monroe. Her Gofore, (go for coffee and that sort of thing,) Rota Shickelgrouber, who I have not seen before. The head costumer Ice Yellowknife, a Wildcat, yes she is a feline, but very different from the Pounce Empire types thick fur and claws. She liked to hand-out with the Posse. And finally Buddy Charm, an over-aged University Student who had several degrees in Culture and Languages.

"I thee the butt man hath arrived," he said to me in broken English.

"Forgiveith me Masstharr," I tried in Free Skyes Common, then back to Coalition Basic, "your Earth English is far worse than my grasp of Free Skyes Common Master."

"Oh I love a man who knows how to grovel," laughed Rota. He dropped his coffee cup on the floor. "Pick that up," he ordered. No big deal to me, I bent at the knee and went down to pick it up. Bending or crouching the skirt rode up and my panties were exposed; to everyone's amusement.

"Leave that cup there," Dianna ordered as she came out of her dressing room. "Not even here five minutes and you forget who's the boss." I was about to explain, but she stopped me quick. "Shut your mouth or I'll put something disgusting in it," she snapped. More giggles from her posse and I kept quiet. "Now turn around and show me your bottom. I turned around, lifted my skirt and stuck out my bottom. I was half expecting a spanking or something not her hand caressing my bottom. "Good," she smiled.

"You're not going to punish him," asked Sonny.

"Why should I," laughed Dianna, "he's wearing what I chose for him, including his Monday Panties." She took my hand and lead me into her dressing room to the cheers of her Posse.

"Finally," she gasped as the dressing room door closed as she grabbed me and deeply kissed me on the mouth and nearly knocked me on my ass. "Hey nice idea," as we danced about, "do me on the floor."

"Why," I asked pushing her off me. "What's going on?"

"I'm having trouble with my lines," she brushed me off and pulled down my panties.

"What trouble," I asked her as I looked down at her sternly.

"Just a little," she whimpered.

Well do I need to explain any further? Now I know why Master Charles is in charge of the first three days of the week, he came down on his time off to put her in line. Oh when she got them right, I was out of the chastity belt and down on her till her eyes twinkled. The day went by smoothly and Dianna did her job to perfection. So when she shines, suddenly the male lead ran into problems. He can no longer look so smug since with Dianna getting her lines correct he finds trouble to focus. 

An hour later the show's Director had to confront me and ask how I gave her focus. After telling a protracted version of what happened he tried the same on his boyfriend. Yes the Male Lead is gay, so all the hot bedroom scenes with Dianna are indeed true acting. What happened next made me blush. Dianna had me work as the lead's fluffer. Well I didn't want to, but when she mentioned she will have words with Charles, and well, rather than face his wrath later that evening, I submitted to the pressure.

Since shooting went so well, we were finished by five-thirty and I was allowed to get dressed. I checked the seat of my panties, and indeed it did have the day Monday written in Free Skyes Common. I made sure my chastity belt was well covered before we headed into the elevators.

"Let's go see Charles," Dianna laughed, "he's still in his office I can surprise him."

"Maybe I can wait in the lobby of something," I asked.

"Nonsense he'll like it," she pushed the elevator's controls.

"Yea but Uncle Paul forbid me to go inside the offices till I could speak Free Skyes Common," I blurted out. "I mean, so far today I haven't gotten one beating. So can't we meet Master Charles elsewhere?"

"Too late," she laughed and half dragged me out of the elevator. She held on to my writ and dragged me like a child to Charles's Office. "See nobody is here this late."

"Hello Dianna," smiled Uncle Paul as he walked out of Master Charles's private office. He looked crossly at me, "what are you doing here?"

"Well we had such a good day on the set," I told him quickly. "So I thought it would be a good idea we come up and surprise Master Charles see that we finished so early."

"Didn't I tell you not to be here," Uncle Paul told me, as he grabbed me by the back of the neck and force me across a desk. With his other hand my skirt was hiked to my back and panties pulled down. Next was the distinctive sound of a belt coming out of the belt loops and I could hear him fumbling with the belt doubling it.

"It wasn't his idea it was mine," said Dianna quickly. "I knew you told him not to be here, but I thought you left the office early today."

"I see," he growled. Then the belt landed fast and quick, I had no idea of a count other than my nice non-spanking day was ruined. "Do you want to bend over him and take the rest of his punishment?"

"Charles," Dianna gasped looking at him for support.

"Don't look at me," said Master Charles, "I'm going to punish you anyway for bringing him in here. But does he deserve any punishment."

"I can't believe I'm doing this," grumbled Dianna as I could hear her fumbling with her clothes. She was wearing tight stirrup pants, with a mid length dress over it. I could feel her body lay on top of me and she took the punishment that should have been dealt to me.

"You don't have to do this," Uncle Paul said to her as he paused.

"I know," she whispered into my ear, "but I am responsible."

"Well I'll be," said Uncle Paul, he still gave her three more hard belt swats. "Alright you two get up." Then to me, "how's the lessons coming," he asked me in Free Skyes Common.

"I work," I stammered back at him, "hard. Not understand,... how this works." I added pointing to my head. "What are they doing," I had to ask him in Coalition Basic.

"DNA/RNA crunch," Uncle Paul said with a sigh. "I don't know how it works either, just some form of Scientific Magic. The Wizards of the Middle Kingdom came up with this a couple hundred years ago. But it only works one language at a time. Sure you will be able to speak and read Free Skyes Common, but if you went to say the Old Continent, well Old World Common will sound like gibberish to you. Now if you want to, study Comparative Cultures, then you can learn the languages. You know a culture, you have a good foothold on the language. Now pull up your panties and straighten your skirt. Cupcake," he called his personal slave.

"Yes Uncle Paul," she chirped. Cupcake came out of the shadows against a wall stepped forward. She was wearing the same suit-jacket, shirt and tie as Uncle Paul but a very short pleated skirt same colour as his pants. She wore ankle socks and heel-less Mary Jane shoes and carrying his brief case. "Do you have something to say to Al here?"

"I'm sorry Mister Jones for thinking you were an Ancient," she grovelled. "If you were less than sixty percent Ancient those drugs would have killed you. I am truly sorry for my actions. If you wish," she bent over the desk and lifter her skirt. She wasn't wearing any underwear and her pubis was shaved bare. "Please beat me, fuck me, or just punish me please." She sobbed, "I'm sorry, I realize now how stupid I was please beat me."

"Well," I started, then put my hands on my head. "Sorry I'm just a Bonded Slave here. Property for Uncle Paul, Master Charles, and Mistress Dianna, and technically I'm not even a person. Not even during your all too brief trial I wasn't even asked to, may I please speak in Earth English."

"Just this once," said Uncle Paul as he adjusted his hand computer to translate.

"Give a Victim's Impact Statement," I said in Earth English which was the right of any victim of any crime in Canada. "It's a right of any citizen, or person where I live. So, hey, I saw it as a mistake, childish, but well I hope you can pay off your bond soon." The computer translated my words into Free Skyes Common and she heard my words, but she stayed put and cried even louder.

"Her parents offered to pay her bond off," laughed Uncle Paul, "but she wouldn't accept it."

"Wow," gasped Dianna, "that is brave."

"Maybe she likes being a slave," I mumbled. They all gave me a double take and Cupcake cried even louder. "Well I do," I mumbled looking at the floor and feeling uncomfortable in my chastity belt.

"So what do you do when you get him out of the building," asked Uncle Paul. "Put him on a leash or strip him naked."

"I'm debating on both," smiled Master Charles.

"Well come on Cupcake," Uncle Paul concluded, "I have a dinner appointment." She tried to wipe her eyes as she quickly followed him.

"She sure has grown up," observed Master Charles. "Normally she is just a shadow behind him. She was only punished once in front of me. He keeps her on a short leash."

"Good thing," said Dianna. "What no comment," she asked me.

"If I give any," I confessed as my bottom stung, "I don't have that right. Unless you ask me for one."

"What do you think," asked Master Charles, "honestly."

"Well," I chuckled, "part of me wanted to spank her hard and fuck that little shit-hole right up the shit-hole. Another part of me said no it's like fucking a baby. And a final part of me wants to leave her wallowing in her own guilt. So she can wallow in it probably until her bond gets paid off."

"Well good," said Master Charles as he put on his dress jacket and picked up a sports bag. "When we get clear of the building off come the panties and the chastity belt. You can then enjoy the wind blowing up your skirt." I blushed at the humiliation.

"That sounds like fun," giggled Dianna. Then to Master Charles, "a very good order Master."

"I brought two leashes," he smiled showing them with the dog collars attached. Fifteen minutes later in a busy transit station one stop away from the Ringo Building Dianna and I stripped down. A few people recognized her and watched. Master Charles adjusted her dress and my skirt so that they only covered half our naked bottoms and belt marks well in view. Worse still Charles decided to walk the distance back to the condo. I was dying, the heels, how can those guys from Heredshe stand it.
