 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

I had totally forgotten that I was now living inside a new young body, and three ounces of rum has the same effects on me when I was 18, even though my brain is 80. I got drunk, passed out; Master Charles had to carry me out of the cab and to my room. I half expected finding myself in a wet diaper or worse. Instead I was soundly asleep in the same bed as Master Charles and Mistress Dianna. Each was half on me, and a hand on my cock. My butt was partly healed and was still sore for the punishment I got last night. I was getting aroused and frightened.

"Morning Master," Charles kissed my cheek.

"Morning Master," Dianna kissed my cheek.

"Okay," I drawled, "so when are you two going to flip my legs up and spank me?"

"Do you want us to spank you Master," asked Charles with a childish smile.

"But last night," I asked, "I got drunk last night."

"We check with Mandy," Charles explained, "you're not a Boom-boom Room Slave any more. You're an adult like us now. We are not going to punish you for using Earth words, or your past culture. Bring it to the table, there are companies, big companies, who bid on remaking movies from your plant to match ours. So Master, what's up for today?"

"I just want to sleep in," said Dianna in a cheeky fashion rolling on her tummy with her ass inviting the air.

Half an hour later I went to my room to get dressed while my two subdued slaves drank their morning juice from Mandy's breast; things were looking great. It felt great to be wearing underwear, a sweat suit, socks, and even running shoes inside the house. My wife would never allow that. I got back to the kitchen and found Rota looking mournfully at her porridge.

"What's the matter virgin girl," I asked her.

"I hate eating porridge every day," she grumbled.

"Then why don't you have a day off too," I smiled, "I don't need a Gofore so I'm sending you to the 6 Corps Mall with orders to have fun. Let me see your credit band." She showed me her ring; I was wearing my gigolo ring. "One hundred credits, general account. Dianna," I called to my female slave, "what's the best place for a make-over?"

"The Shining," said Dianna, "but they are expensive a complete make-over is 500 credits."

"Make that one thousand credits," I told the ring, "and Rota, you have to do and wear what they say. I want you to shine. Or your butt will be as red and sore as Dianna's on a Thursday Night." Rota looked terrified. "Now get girl," I snapped, "and I'll have you fitted for a chastity belt!" I told her as she ran off to her room to get dressed.

"I never punished my staff that hard," whispered Dianna.

"I don't plan on doing that either," I whispered back.

"Personally," smiled Charles, "the loss of control of her chastity can scare her too."

"When should I be back," called Rota from the doorway.

"Supper time," I called back, "6PM, don't be late."

"Yes Mister Jones," she called, "I mean SIR!" The door closed and she was gone.

"Okay," I snapped to my willing slaves, "morning exercises, let's do some stretching."

"Hey haven't you done enough of that," said Charles rubbing his sore rectum.

"Hands away from yourself," I snapped and swatted him.

I worked Charles and Dianna hard when it was necessary. The wild life of TV celebrities put a few pounds on both of them. I hated to think what would happen if they didn't have a personal trainer. We took a shower together, and shower sex, we had the time. I also made sure they spent time on their personal computers and took care of any email or messages that had to be attended to. After lunch I had my two naked slave into some minor bondage, sensory deprivation, blindfolds and headphones while their mouths were gagged with ashtray holders. I made it a point to be sitting on the balcony smoking a Cuban cigar with them nearby. That's when Jeff arrived.

Jeff the gorilla film critic was looking his dapper best. He was wearing what could best be described as a yellow 70's Pimp Suit, complete with chains, but flexible shoes to match his pithecine physic. Yes Jeff really is a gorilla, right out of Planet of the Apes, but very affable and sificicated.

"Come on out to the balcony we can talk and smoke out there," I told him.

"Good Lord," shuttered Jeff at the doorway, "Master Charles in submission."

"Yes he is," I pushed Charles's face to the floor and he rose his well punished and well greased ass to the air. "He can't hear or see us either." I gave him a couple swats then put him back on his heels. "How's Colin?"

"Melancholy as ever," sighed Jeff, "he's secretly taking film critics courses. Now what is this all about?"

"I want you to change over to Action Network," I told him as I offered a Cuban.

"Impossible," snapped Colin as he lit his cigar before explaining, "we're the highest paid critics in the Free Zone and syndicated throughout the Free Skyes Free Zones."

"The Free Zone," I reminded him and tapped an ash into Dianna's ashtray. The smoke made her nostrils flair. "Represents twenty-five percent of the Free Skyes population. The internet has you listed as pornography simply through association. Action Network sells some of its shows outside the zone and off planet. We can get you global, all we have to do is re-package the show."

"That may be so," countered Jeff, "but how much experience do you guys have at this?"

"Just a sec," I told him and took off Charles's blindfold; he looked startled. I signalled him to remain quiet and took off the gage. "Charles," I asked pleasantly, "as my mentor how many shows has Action Network produced for planetary and off planet distribution?"

"Several," he answered quickly. I smacked him on the rump with a strap. He blinked fast and answered. "We have four show in syndication at three systems, and four others that are syndicated throughout the system." He then took the courage to ask, "what are you doing?"

"Working on my show proposal," I told him. "We're going to produce the Colin and Jeff Show on Action Network."

"We can't afford them," Charles told me.

"Think outside the box Charles," I said as I held up the strap, but didn't use it. "Colin and Jeff are in the Ghetto of the Free Zone we got the skills to get them outside that Ghetto."

"We can do that," said Charles.

"Good," I put the gage back in his mouth, blindfold and headphones. He shuttered but a couple whacks of the strap put him in line.

"Is this how you usually do business," Jeff asked me.

"Only when I want to keep a secret," I told him, "now do you have any files on budgets you can get me?"

"I have them right here," he handed me an information stick. "So isn't you computer bugged?"

"Yea but not my lap-top," I chuckled, "I try to keep it out of the network ever since I left the Boom-boom Room."

"Good planning," he told me. "So when do you do the proposal?"

"Friday with any luck," I assured him. "I'll have to go through some tests, but I will lay the proposal on Uncle Paul one way or the other."

"Well good luck to you," said Jeff, getting up. "So if that concludes business, I'll be on my way. Unless you plan on anything," he smiled and shifted his hips.

"Not today Jeff," I smiled, "my duty is to keep my owners relaxed and not worrying about work. Besides I still have issues with large people," I whispered to him.

"Hum," grunted Jeff, "I'm just too much of a male for you." He smiled and left. I quickly went back to the balcony and pulled the head restraints off Charles.

"I'm sorry about this Charles," I told him, "but Uncle Paul is such a control freak, and I need a free hand to get my ideas rolling."

"Well you should at least trust me," he snapped back as he struggled with his handcuffs. "Oh if I could get these off I'd spank you good."

"Good idea," I said and pushed his face to the floor and paddled him some more. After a little sex play I made him cum and put him back into position. After that I did the same to Dianna, who had no idea of what was going on but enjoyed the sex play. Twenty minutes later there was a knock on the door.

"Charles, Marcy," I smiled, "please come in."

"What are we doing at your owner's home," asked Charles who still looked a little sloppy in a casual suit.

"Those work-out clothes is not you," smiled Marcy who even in casual clothes still looked ready to kill.

"Hey take a look at the balcony," I told them and lead them out of the condo. "We can talk pretty much freely here."

"You got your owners in bondage," gasped Mike.

"They seem relaxed," remarked Marcy. She sat down near Dianna and ignited a woman's cigar, "what's up," she asked blowing the smoke into Dianna's face.

"Do you two really like the hotel business," I asked them.

"What else can a couple old courtesans do," asked Mike.

"You two are great teachers," I told them, "why not give teaching a chance?"

"That takes money," chuckled Marcy.

"Building, students, text books," sighed Mike, "even the Middle Kingdom ones are not properly written teaching books."

"What about teaching videos," I suggested, "you can even promote your own books."

"I've seen plenty of them on the net," said Mike, "they're all worthless."

"So why not have two bonded and official Middle Kingdom Courtesans teach a class," I told them. "Just the common basic stuff people should know anyway. So many people are not even sure if they should be called Master, Lord, or Sir."

"Sounds interesting," said Mike. "Who would do it?"

"I want to do it," I smiled and took off Charles's head restraints. "Hi Charles, I have some more people for you to meet."

"I've seen you before Ms. McDermott," he smiled, "you look familiar too sir. Now what can I humble representatives of Action Network do for you?"

"Oh he's well trained," smiled Mike.

"Charles," I explained, "Mike and Marcy here are both Class 10, the highest level of trained Courtesans out of the Middle Kingdome and they live right here in Centre City. They are willing to put together a small fifteen minute show on the basics of BDSM. These two have real training and real experience in a wide range of situations. They even trained me. We could cobble together a show, no infomercial stuff, real classes, real facts."

"As a matter of fact," added Marcy, "we can even break some of the Myths. Surely Action Network would want to put out such public information."

"Well I can see where he gets his sales training from," he smiled. "What's your market research say," he asked me.

"I did the research," chirped in Mike, "there are forty different advertisers on the floors of the Boom-boom Room's Mall alone that try to sell teaching books on how to be a Master or how to be a slave. Hundred page book and only maybe two pages worth reading that any child could figure out when a stranger offers candy and a ride in their car. They don't even know what a spank spot is."

"A spank spot," Charles asked. Before he could say anything else I put his nose to the floor and Mike gave him a good slap on his raised bottom's spank spot. I pulled him up and he was gagging.

"And I didn't even hit you hard," added Mike.

"That hurt," Charles gulped. I let him have a sip of my coke. "I don't know if you can demonstrate that in a board room, but I'd like to learn that too. I would just make sure the whole ass was covered."

"I could do this to you," added Marcy as she spanked him hard from where his thighs meet his butt cheeks down on his upper thighs. "Now," she added as she finished, "when you sit down you will remember me."

"Ahh," gagged Charles, "it doesn't look pretty but it hurts."

"Well that is the problem," added Mike, "pretty bum that you see in so many photos or painting, or the real painful thing. Looks ugly to some, but leaves an impression."

"The difference," I added, "is that there are so few true Courtesans who know a good job and those who do not. We have so many armatures out there that people can't tell the difference. So do you think we can get this done?"

"You can add it to your list of suggestions," sighed Charles. Then to Mike and Marcy, "what do you two feel?"

"I like it," smiled Mike sitting back, "for once I get credit for what I know and nobody's ass to kiss."

"Be a nice difference," added Marcy.

"Even if the show doesn't go through," I added, "what about a real courtesan class for that video high school idea Uncle Paul wants to do."

"Not a bad idea for an introduction," sighed Charles, "but you are not suppose to know the details."

"Too bad you just told me some," I laughed as I put the gage back into Charles's mouth, blindfolded him and put the headphones back on.

"Let me," added Marcy, as she pushed Charles's nose to the floor and gave him another spanking. She then found the hearing controls. "Now be a good boy and realize it is not good for the company not to share ideas. Hording ideas and taking the credit for other people's work can get you into even more trouble." She selected a large inflatable butt-plug and inserted it into him. She pumped it full till he was squirming before switching on the vibrator function. "Now sit up and stay still," she told him. "Don't move my ashtray or I'll do something worse to you." She flicked her finger on the tip of his penis. Charles gulped and held still.

"You are one frightening woman," I told her. We exchanged small talk and gossip. The latest batch of human bonded slave immigrants were proving to be about the same level as the class I trained with. I couldn't tell about my success with the Heredshe woman, but they were impressed on how Mandy was rescued and put into a better android body. Mike was getting use to his job controlling the lobby but missed his chair and watching the antics of the slaves. We parted on good measure, just as the last two of my guest arrived.

"Ah, my Business Manager," I smiled at Anthony and Lady Fatomyia. "Come in come in," I lead them in. "Care to enjoy the view from the balcony?"

"Considering we live one floor up," purred Lady Fatomyia as she crossed the threshold to the balcony, "it is still a nice view. My; what interesting floor ordainments," she purred and brushed close to Dianna. Dianna straightened and trembled. "I do believe she is a virgin," she purred and ticked Dianna vagina with her furry tail.

"So what's up," asked Anthony.

"Look," I explained, "were you two involved in re-building Mandy?"

"Ahh," snarled Lady Fatomyia, "I hate business. This is such a cute toy, make this quick." She went to Anthony and took a hand held computer out of his pocket.

"Well I don't expect to have my bond paid off tomorrow," I sighed. "But when I do I want to give these two a good trainer."

"Good trainer," asked Lady Fatomyia, "they no good in bed?"

"No no no," I explained, "these two are so busy they are leading very fat lives. They need another Mandy to keep them in shape, to have a fixed day. Without me I'd think they would become fat. And I don't think Earth Slaves like me will last forever."

"What you going clairvoyant," asked Anthony as he tried one of my cigars. "Alright a Punch," he chuckled speaking in Earth English. "Do you still get spanked for speaking in Earth English," he had to ask me.

"No," I smiled, "not anymore."

"I'll spank your cute ass one of these days," he smiled.

"And I'll fuck yours," I laughed back.

"Boys," she snapped at both of us, "behave. I can have you one done by Winter Equinox." 

"What's a Winter Equinox," I had to ask.

"A Coalition Holiday," explained Anthony as Lady Fatomyia stalked Dianna, "several systems have one, the marking of the new year and the halfway point of winter. Height of winter, shortest day of the year, new life and summer is not too far away. Just like Earth Christmas and New Years. Free Skyes is not too big on that holiday, interferes with normal business. Some places do observe it." He stroked Charles's back, "lord he's cute."

"Stick to business please," I asked him. "Did Action Network contact you guys lately?"

"Last night actually," he check his own hand held unit, "yea, Heredshe Continuity Adviser. They are paying you a relatively low salary, but at 30/70 split and you get more for every suggestion you make. How did you land that job, I hear you are only half way through language training."

"Painfully," I lowered my sweat pants and showed him part of my still sore bum.

"Serious cane job," chuckled Anthony as he blew smoke on my ass.

"Hey I'm not here for your amusement," I told him as I pulled up my pants fast.

"Moon him," Lady Fatomyia ordered Anthony. He blushed, but quickly obeyed her. He wasn't wearing any underwear, and had a bright set of welts on his ass too. "Weekly maintenance," she explained as she tweaked Dianna's nipples as her tail humped and caressed her vagina.

"Well," asked a dry mouthed Anthony, "can I fuck your boy toy then," he asked me.

"I don't know," I smiled sitting back. "What do you say M'Lady?"

"He's going to have to ask you nicely first," she purred as she wrapped herself around a shuttering Dianna. "Strip yourself naked and please him Anthony."

It was interesting; Anthony really was a great boy-toy and knew how to please a man. I really wanted to watch Lady Fatomyia rape Dianna but by occupying me, I couldn't. Anthony was such a pleasure, I had to have sex with him as well. In the end I relented and he spanked me to the point where I was begging for him to fuck me like a bitch. Amazing enough the public balcony's activities did not make any news channel that evening. 

It was 5PM as Anthony and Lady Fatomyia left the apartment just as Rota was entering. She smiled but said nothing. We smiled back as my guest left in the elevator. Rota sparkled in her new outfit.

"Well," she asked.

"Very nice," I told her. She followed me back to the balcony were, outside of a few cigar butts, and empty pop bottles Charles and Dianna were still in the same positions except looking well used.

"Gee," said Rota, "you sure put those two through their paces."

"Careful for what you wish for," I told her. "You just may get it in a generous portion." That was a Coalition expression; they get big portions of pie or food, while on Earth we get it in Spades. I took the restraints off Dianna first. "Why don't you check out what Rota bought today?"

"Yes Master," she gasped, "may I have a drink?"

"Sure," I told her, "Mandy give Dianna some cold water out of your left tit." Rota giggle, and Dianna tried not to pout, he bottom was sore enough.

"Wow," gasped Charles once I had the gage out of his mouth, "that was some afternoon. And that wasn't you cock up my ass, Master." He wet his lips, then asked, "can I have a drink please Master."

"Sure thing slave," I told him. "Mandy has plenty of cold water in her tits. Then I want you to clean off the balcony right quick." Then to Mandy, "how's supper coming?"

"Very well young Master Jones sir," it smiled down at me. "I've been able to bring the budget in line, and we're having roast beast for supper with vegetables, and for desert chocolate ice-cream. Or did you want it served on a hot butt sir?"

"Oh I think we've had our share of sex time," I sighed. "Bowels will be fine."

We rolled into a relaxing evening of watching a thoughtful TV documentary on the war and why it is still on. It was thoughtful, but seemed so far away to us. I politely check with Charles and was able to go to bet with him and Dianna as their master. At 2AM Charles smacked me on the bottom and said he needed to go to the bathroom. A half hour later we went to bed where he had a restful sleep and I had to contend myself with the taste of cum in my mouth.
