 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. So I guess Human Recourses had me figured out alright. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

So there I was, I got through my first board meeting and only got six cane stripes on my ass, and a job promotion. Next to follow it all through and get the job done. Television is all about careful planning, and unlike the movies where you go to a set and have over a year to package the work in TV it's get the episode and move on to the next one fast. The Colin and Jeff show, that writes itself, the all new BDSM Class show that will take some work. I picked up the phone and called Marcy's cell phone. 

"Marcy McDermott here," her voice said on the other end.

"Hey Mistress Marcy," I smiled back at the blank video, "Al Jones here."

"Al," she laughed switching on her camera. She was in bed with a naked man across her lap. "Good to see you. Wow you're up early, nice suit."

"Not so nice," I stood up so that she could see the Heredshe skirt and my legs, "I got five in heels on too," I added sitting down carefully.

"Were you punished," she asked.

"Yes Mistress," I stood up turned around and lifted my skirt and lowered my panties. "Just an introduction to Uncle Paul's discipline regime." I covered up and sat down. "I made the proposal and it went through. Our legal department will be contacting you and Mike sometime today. I'll have to set up sets, extra's, and the lot. I'll need a few demo scripts by the middle of next week we'll start shooting in six weeks."

"Six weeks," she gasped pulling out her day-timer. "When?"

"When I have the studio schedule worked out that's when I'll know exactly for sure. I can have that for you by the end of next week. We have 13 fifteen minute shows to do. So depending on the studio schedule I'd say 4 shows per session. So I will need 4 scripts."

"That sounds great," she laughed. The man across her lap, I'd say it was an Earth Human stirred and she spanked him back into position. "Just a sec," she took a discipline helmet and put it on somebody's head off camera. "Okay back," she smiled and hit him leaving a hand-print.

"New fuck-toy," I asked.

"Well if I can't have you," she laughed, "I'll check each new Earth fuck-boy out personally. So is there anything else to discuss."

"Plenty," I laughed, "we need to talk settings. Where would you like to have it."

"In a classroom; an old fashioned or better idea; a modern classroom. I want honest people willing to learn. And real people to be demonstrated on."

"What do you mean? You want me to bend over your desk," Okay so I missed her attention.

"No," she snapped, "you Earth Human/Ancient hybrids can take a lot of punishment. I want say a virgin, somebody very new to all of this. I want to teach how to break down their defences and take it."

"Well we have lots of people in the Zone," I murmured while I thought, "and a general casting call will bring out every pain freak around. But I know a few. You want somebody who yowls when hit right?"

"You have an idea."

"Oh yea," I laughed thinking about my fellow ex-Sex-a-terries, "oh I know a few. I'll pass that request along. What about the other students."

"Can you do some sort of audience call," she asked. "I want people off the street just happened to wander in to watch a show. Real students we can work on later."

"Okay I'll pass that along," I noted. Then an idea, "would you consider teaching in a High School?"

"Advanced Sex Education," she laughed, "they do that privately in the Middle Kingdom. Out there some people call it Courtesan Training for Beginners."

"Just an idea for a show I'm not involved in yet," I added. "Okay I'll get on this, first meeting in fifteen minutes. Call ya later."

"Can't wait," added Marcy before her screen went blank.

"You need an assistant," a familiar voice said behind me. I looked up and saw Cupcake, the former intern, who out of foolishness became a bonded slave and is now Uncle Paul's personal property.

"What are you doing here," I asked her.

"Intern," she sighed. She wore a corporate intern uniform of white shirt, black mini-skirt, ankle socks and sensible shoes. Her white shirt collar was opened wide showing off her silver brushed steel collar unlike mine that was hidden by my shirt collar and tie. "You'd think I had a STD or something," she chuckled, "nobody touches me."

"That's because everybody is afraid of the Boss and his cane," I said fiddling with my audio records. There was a small thermal with a task chair to one side. "Can you sit over there and turn these audio files into written notes," I asked her.

"Sure," she smiled and took the memory stick. She paused at the chair before lifting her skirt to sit down. She was wearing a lace thong with the day of the week at the top. She also had two vivid cane welts on her ass.

"What did you do to deserve that," I had to ask her.

"Uncle Paul," she explained. "Made sure I would apologies again to you for my screw-up. And to ask you to make me your assistant. I also have to tell you, he had given you permission to spank me for the slightest reason. And the belt if I am genuinely tardy."

"Anything else," I had to ask.

"Yes," she shuttered, "Uncle Paul says you can fuck me during coffee and lunch breaks, and you don't have to make me cum if it's too much work for you. I'm," she shuttered, "here for your pleasure."

"Swing," I laugh in Earth English. She never saw Wayne's World and didn't have a clue. I had to take a few breathes to contain my erection. Then I realized, Uncle Paul didn't mind if I did touch myself. I forced Mister Happy back down and got my notes ready for the next meeting.

The double meeting in Charles's office was crowded and we had a lot to cover. We were taking an established Free Zone Show and turning it into something a family audience would like. Ice came up with the idea of instead of special costumes, we should have Colin and Jeff's suits provided by sponsors and free up her department. Graphics department had to come up with old movie posters and images to cover the background and remove all the gratuitous nudity. Music would remain the same, just take out the rude noises and replace the farting solo with an electric guitar solo.

For Marcy and Mike's show we had an excited discussion on what to call it. Marcy and Mike's Sex Show, M&M's Naughty Show, and my favourite the Advanced Sex Education Show. We had to pass that over to Research and Development. Constructing the show would call for an average size studio, as we would need a live audience. Almost every studio had an audience set of stands in their warehouse for lots of reasons. A lecture stand, set walls, and a few up-front desk for audience/interns to sit in would have to be constructed. I could see the Set Director John Scott, an older man from the Middle Kingdom looked rather pissed off and indifferent to the whole thing. This had to be dealt with; so I waited till the end of the meeting.

"John," I asked, "can you hang back and have a talk with Charles and me." He glumly turned and looked at us.

"Look," he sighed, "I'll get your fucking desk done; I have a lot on my desk at the moment."

"You got five people working for you," I snapped back, "assign one of them. What's eating you."

"I don't have to take orders from a little shit like you," he thundered back.

"Hey John," said Charles trying to be the peacekeeper, "he's the Director, you have to work with him."

"Hump," he cursed folding his arms.

"I know what's bugging him," I concluded. "He's pissed off because I'm half Prince Johonass's DNA, and he figures I am his son." I took off the belt to my skirt, kissed it and handed it to him. The skirt dropped to the floor followed by my panties. I pulled my shirt and jacket up high and bent over Charles's desk. "Here get the hate out of you." The room went very quiet, and to tell you the truth I was right scared. That asshole prince made the Middle Kingdom into a hell hole and I guess he had some hate in him too. I finally felt his warm hand caress my bottom.

"You know so little of our home world," he told me. "Turn around and face me." That scared me, maybe he was going to rip my dick off. I looked up into his watery eyes. "For one who has participated in so many Symore ceremonies," he told me, "you forget how we deal such a long dead reconciliation." He cupped my face and kissed me deep on the mouth, before he gave me a long hug. It actually felt good, why didn't more people deal with Johonass that way?

"This is awkward," mumbled Charles as he put his clipboard down across his arousing crotch. John finally let go of me and handed my belt to Charles. 

"I will have a set," he smiled as he headed towards the door, "that will look like an old style Middle Kingdom School, complete with a rack of punishment tools and punishment horse. You see it will look great," he laughed and went out the door.

"Glad that's over with," I smiled as I grabbed a box of tissues and took a few out. "He was getting me very greasy."

"Good," said Charles, "now bend over the desk or I'll use this on you," he smiled showing me my belt. Charles was still the General Manager and took breaks when he wanted it. It wasn't love, just a way to relieve tension. When he finished his business he patted me on the bum and sent me on my way.

I got back to my desk and quickly called Marcy to tell her how the show will have a set ready to go. She already had over a dozen shows worked out and was frustrated with the fifteen minute slot. I assured her that we could when the show got off the ground and expanded we could always reshoot the fifteen minute shows. By the time coffee break came around I was ready to have a coffee and doughnut at my desk while working but Cupcake insisted since it was my first day on the job I had to see the coffee room.

The coffee room was actually the boardroom. Again the lowest Sex-a-terry would have to clean and vacuum the room when finished. Also the lowest Sex-a-terry had to be there in case anybody had any sexual frustration they wanted to deal with. Cupcake later told me she had that duty for over a week but not many takers. Amadeus, well caned ass and all was getting a revenge fuck by Web. 

"I'd rather do Cupcake," admitted Wed, "but the idea of fucking the Boss's personal property bugs me."

"Yea," I agreed as I checked my new hand held computer and saw a memo from Uncle Paul. Cupcake pulled off her panties, hiked up her skirt and laid on the conference table. I got on top of her, pulled up the front of my skirt, stretched the crotch of my panties to one side and mounted her. I showed the readout of my memo to Web.

"Holy fuck," giggled Web as he fucked Amadeus hard and came. "So much to choose from, a sweet young thing or this soft pillow." He gasped and came deep inside him. A warm hand cupped both Web's and my bottom.

"You two children having fun," asked Scott.

"Just screwing my Sex-a-terry Mister Scott," I said quickly as I pulled up my panties. Cupcake looked disappointed, but she wasn't a client.

"Fucking low sex-a-terry on the board," said Web as he quickly pulled out. "He is at your pleasure, or myself sir."

"Nice,' smiled Scott as he stroked Web's face. "Any marks on your bum?"

"No sir," confessed Web.

"Good," concluded Scott, "get me two chocolate doughnuts, that small pot of coffee with my name on it, and come to my office."

"Yes sir," stammered Web as he picked up a plate of doughnuts and the pot of coffee as he rushed after the director.

"I think we better move back to the cubical," I told Cupcake as I got off her.

"Oh don't let us stop you," laughed Alace as, Julia, and Coco who were watching from the doorway finally sauntered in. "You still have that little thing," she reached under my skirt and felt my cock.

"Television Directors are a credit for ten in this business," added Julia as her hand stroked and pinched a welt on my ass.

"Did you really cum in Cupcake's cunt," asked Coco as she pushed her back on the table and shoved two fingers into her. Several other staff members were filtering in some watching others trying not to. Coco tasted her fingers, "hum," she commented, "salty. Is that what Earth Humans taste like?"

"You can ask Dianna," I told them, as I reached for a doughnut.

"I think we need a more detailed inspection," Julia told me as both she and Alace pushed me back on the table between Amadeus and Cupcake. Both women started working on my cock and pumping me to another orgasm.

"Oh wow," I gasped looking left then right. "Does this sort of thing happen often?"

"Three times a day," gasped Cupcake as her blouse was unbuttoned and her tits exposed.

"Four if the staff is working late," groaned Amadeus as his anus was fucked again.

Surprisingly within a couple weeks the whole thing seemed mundane. The two TV shows I was involved with evolved. I missed morning coffee breaks as I was finishing a quick language study of Heredshe Common. The more I learned about Heredshe, especially through the language study I had to learn more than just the official history. It was time to dig for more information.

"Coalition StarForce Directory Information," said a pleasant image of a woman in uniform on my video conference phone, "how may I help you?"

"Yes I'm trying to contact an acquaintance I met at a bar," I told her, "a Fanta Heart. She's a Lieutenant Commander or some sort, Ancient Woman in charge of a courier ship I believe. Stays at the Hendercott from what she told me."

"And this matter is pertaining to," asked the Receptionist.

"Well it is rather personal," I said in Heredshe common, "if you know what I mean."

"You may place one message," the woman continued is Coalition Common, "if she wishes to return your call, she will and leave you a return code. If not, I strongly suggest you check in at the nearest medical clinic."

The picture on the TV screen switched to a picture of Fanta Heart and a voice-over. "I'm not right now, so please leave a message. And if you seem interesting enough I'll call back."

"Hi Fanta," I smiled at the camera, "it's me Al Pontiac Jones, a friend of a mutual friend Jane Speedwell. I know we're not supposed to be in communications and while it would be nice I'm concentrating more on work. Do you do any trips to Heredshe? I'm working as a consultant on Heredshe culture because I have such," I cleared my throat, "intimate knowledge of Heredshe women. All the stuff I find is too pat, too official, can we meet and talk about the place, please. You can contact me through my office, all official, no," this was difficult, "nothing funny okay?"

Once I had a full grasp of Heredshe Common Uncle Paul showed me the show I was now consulting on. It was an exact copy of Dianna's show but now takes place on Heredshe. The roles were slightly reversed. A strong older woman ran both versions of the household but now things were different. Instead of a female cook and Maid, they had two Heredshe men. This gave me meat to work with, as it was my job to make the show more relevant to the general Free Zone Heredshe population.

Meanwhile I find my work for the TV station and servicing my owners came into slight conflict. Thursday's servicing of Dianna's highly sexed needs from being punished live on camera still claimed my time. Master Charles would check in on me to "confer" with him almost every other day. Also evening was starting to eat into my time. It seems the same sets for Dianna's show were used at night to shoot the Heredshe show use. Evening now found me reading while waiting for my owners to make use of me.

Two days later, I was at my desk when the phone rang. "Mister Jones's office," answered cupcake quickly. "Incoming video message for you sir," she told me. 

"Pontiac Jones here," I smiled at the TV monitor/camera.

"Mister Jones," Fanta Heart smiled back at me, "I'm surprised your owners would let you seek me out."

"Well this is classified as doing work research," I told her seriously, "besides I'm not your type; sort'ah." I added the last bit in Earth English since that was the best I could do.

"We'll explore that some other time," Fanta politely smiled back. "What are you looking for?"

"I want some uncensored information on Heredshe," I explained seriously, "do you have some confidential information on the Heredshe. What is their real history, their culture, okay I know what they are like when not at home. If you understand my meaning."

"Well yes," chuckled Fanta, "you know how they have sexual intercourse, and relax, but not what their cities are really like."

"You got it."

"Okay," she scratched her chin and sat back. I felt a little hunched over too so I sat back. "I have to make a run their in two days," she continued as she looked at an off-camera computer. "So three days later, back here. Can we get together for coffee at the Starport the Jail-bird Longue, next Sunday, at say two in the afternoon local time, they serve some nice snacks how's that sound?"

"I may have an escort," I ventured; I wasn't sure how my owners would react to that. I had to cover my bases. "We just friends right?"

"Sure thing," she smiled, "we'll play it as we see it," she concluded and switched off.

"She your girlfriend," Cupcake had to ask me.

"She's just a friend," I dismissed her statement. "I do meet people when not in the Boom-boom Room. "Don't you find spacemen fascinating?"

"No," she pouted.

"Well I do," I snapped back, but in the back of my mind Cupcake worried me. I had a sneaking suspicion she had some designs on me. Children can be so foolish.

Later that evening I had a chance to talk candidly with Charles and Dianna. We were lying in bed together after having a tension relieving three-way. Both Charles and Dianna would talk about mundane things before drifting off so I felt I could talk too. 

"Master, Mistress," I asked.

"What Al," sighed Dianna.

"Next Sunday I need a few hours to meet with a friend," I asked.

"Who is this friend," asked Charles.

"Lieutenant Commander Fanta Heart," I explained, "I met her a while ago. We're friends, I figure she can get me some uncensored information on Heredshe. She goes to the system on a regular basis, her ship is a StarForce Courier Ship. I figure I might be able to update the House of the Thunders Heredshe edition."

"Okay," said Charles. Then with a wicked smile, "we'll put him in that new cock-n-balls chastity unit. And an escort." 

"Master I would not even consider doing anything you would not approve of," I assured him.

"Like the way you fuck Cupcake whenever you can," he told me.

"I have a memo from Uncle Paul," I told him. "Great way to get rid of work stress. I feel very productive. Why do you ask Master?"

"Just don't be too exclusive with her;" warned Charles, "she might consider you her property."

"But I belong to you two Master," I explained.

"We've seen this happen before," warned Dianna. "Go fuck another intern. Or do you want us to lock you up?"

"No Mistress," I said quickly. It was nice being free to touch myself. "I mean, there is no need to do that to me Mistress."

"I think somebody needs to be reminded of his place in life," Charles half chuckled and groaned as he pulled me across his lap.

He gave me a spanking, it was loud and made me horny. He got aroused too and had me give him an almost chocking blow-job. He enjoyed himself as I struggled for air and swallowed his cum. When he finished he pushed me off the bed.
