 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. In the end I guess Human Recourses had figured me out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed. I had choices and options, by remaining a slave/citizen I paid about 2 million back through earned commissions as a prostitute and sales of Slave Beer.

For reasons beyond my control I thought I caught a cold. You catch a cold, yea, sneeze in your elbow, wash hands, maybe even wear a surgical mask to keep from infecting other people. As it turns out after a hundred years of finally eradicating diseases a simple cold becomes a deadly virus and if you don't call in EMS immediately you are arrested and put into a high security hospital. I'm also going to b punished for that, there was no way of getting around that, so I'll tell about it when it happens as this story rolls along.

Now for some unusual reason I'm the Planetary Governor's Cousin eight times removed. This is a matter of having a DNA similar to his race and family by 62.8% so I'm no longer an Earth Human. I guess you could compare me to child offspring of two races and leave it at that. I don't know why but he likes me and has paid for me to have language training so that I could read a couple books written by 'Relatives' of his on the Heredshe. 

Heredshe, is a description of their sun, her-red-she, the red sun which is the mother of all life on the planet. The planet evolved differently than our home planet. Almost all species there do not have wombs as you would put it in Earth terms. In many cases two creatures would meet, the female would take from the male a seed, fertilizer it, and then place the seed into or on another creature to hatch their off-spring. 

The best example of this would come from observing the primates at the Keeper 2 National Zoo on Heredshe Prime's southern region. The dominant female would court the strongest male and induce him into having sex with her. She would then force herself on either a lesser male or female or her won species and through anal sex impregnate them. The Zoo Keepers have to keep track of these activities and work hard to prevent insect and have their dwindling population from dying out.

As for the human population of Heredshe people are self restricting, but the Planetary Registry of Births and Marriage has a very specific purpose. More than that, it helps them keep track of which households and persons are more likely to produce talents. For a household to have a submissive male talent, the breed with a female talent could hopefully produce enough Clairvoyants to keep the family buoyant. So science aside, I kept asking myself why men are second class citizens. The answer got bonded with politics and religion.

At the same time Prince Johanass was ripping the Middle Kingdom apart a tribal war with nuclear weapons happened on Heredshe. At that time Heredshe was ruled by political male elite, while their religion was ruled by females. Nations and families hid in bunkers for a very long time. The men became sick and not wishing to give up their power ruled from their beds, which became their prisons. Their dominant wives took over, men found themselves tied to their beds and the ruling elite died in their beds.

The revolt united the female politicians with the female led religion. Power deals were made and the planet eventually united under a false banner of universal freedom. Women had the freedom to lead, but men, became subservient seed givers and child bearers. The political social revolution took place. 

The gene where the Human body can produce lubricant making sexual insertion possible and pleasurable while originally being prevalent in both sexes of Heredshe was suppressed in the female population. While many humans may have their tonsils removed Heredshe women have them removed in their female children to prevent sexual submission. To other simply ignoring the gland is often enough to prevent this from happening. 

So while the female tentacle/clitoris can self impregnate, or any other human, including a primate, human males are preferred. Hormonal changes caused by pregnancy can make them submissive. Changes to Heredshe in itself took even more time. Even today male and female children are taught separately and a separate sets of moralities. With the help and direction of the Coalition's Planetary Governor, changes are being made. After looking over the final books; I made up my mind to make some changes in our version of the Heredshe House of the Thunders, and promote that change too.

