 Emily is a lone merchant, usually, she wanders through the kingdoms, trying to sell the goods she manages to collect during her travels. Despite being a woman, most of her clients respected her, treated her like equal, instead of thinking she was but a bag of sex meat. However, Emily has some problems involving her life, being a woman in possession of red hair, she was forced to wear a hood, so no one could see it. She couldn't understand why, but people with red hear were thrown at a fire pit to burn to death, of course, the kings told their people that redheads are a people cursed by hell's fire, that's why they needed to die, so they couldn't spread this 'curse'. 

The girl spent most of her day trying to find something good to sell the next time she travelled to the nearest kingdom, her bag was full of silver and some old jewelry like chalices and necklaces. The sky was turning grey, rain would soon start to reach the ground, and she would need to find shelter, otherwise she would get wet, and having to sleep wet on the grass wasn't an idea she liked that much.

"For God's sake, why did it have to rain right now?" - she ran towards the forest ahead of her, tripping some times in lonely rocks.

Emily ran, hiding under the trees, she thought it would be safer, at least she would be protected from the rain under the huge trees filled with leaves. You can say she wasn't the biggest fan of forests, in fact, she despised having to be running through those woods, the redhead had bad memories traveling through forests, because, when she was a kid, she remembered going out to a forest with her dad. She got lost, and her father found her a few hours later, he was relieved to find the girl sitting in a pool of mud, and she could remember hearing her father laughing, she missed her parents, but Emily couldn't really visit them, she was far away from them, and it would take too long for her to get there.

Her steps quickened up once she heard rain pouring down from the sky, a few cold drops touching her skin. Night would soon rise, and she needed to be somewhere comfortable, preferably some place with no rain.

Emily's blue eyes soon met a cave, a few guards were in front of it, they were chatting, so hopefully they wouldn't try to kill here or anything close to that. As she neared the entrance, one of the guards went towards her, leaving the other ones talking.

"Hello, what is a woman doing here, at night, alone?" - the deep voice asked Emily, and she sighed.

"I'm just looking for somewhere to spend the night, and I saw that cave and the guards, so I thought it was safe, I don't want any trouble."

"I suppose I can take you to our leader, follow me." - the girl followed him inside the cave, the other guards stared her ass while she walked behind the man.

A few torches lit up the way ahead of her, a few drops of water falling from the cave's ceiling. The blond man in front of her was silent, his armor made clunky noises while he walked, and it was slightly annoying.

They met an intersection, one leading to a darker and deeper place of that cave, and the other one was a wooden door. Emily and the guard went through the wooden door, revealing a room with a few people waiting for something, she had no idea of what they were waiting for, and hopefully she didn't have to wait as well.

"Wait here, another soldier will come for you and for all of these people." - the blond left the room and shut the door closed.

'Great,' - she thought to herself. - 'Now I am stuck in here, how great.'

She curled herself against the door, it was shut tight, and she didn't think anyone else would come through there. Minutes passed and boredom hit her hard. She was annoyed, the room was in complete silence, no one dared to say anything, and of course, Emily herself wouldn't start a conversation.

The cave was dim lit by a few torches on the walls, the sound of water dripping from the ceiling was irritating and she hoped that torment would end soon.

Suddenly, another door was opened in the other side of the room, Emily's eyes darted over the soldier who opened it.

"Our leader is tired, she told me to only gather women, so come on, we don't have all day." 

A few male grunts were heard, but none of the girls cared. All of the women inside that room got up on their feet and rapidly followed the soldier, who closed the door after all females left. Emily was the last one to exit the dim lit room, and they were told to make a line. As she was the last to get there, she would be the last one to talk to the leader, and she only wanted to sleep.

'Well, at least it's a woman, maybe she won't try to have her way with me so I get to sleep somewhere.'

As time quickly passed, Emily started to get weirded out by what she heard. Apparently, those women were involved in some kind of slavery business with the leader of that place, and they were supposed to bring resources if they wanted to be free. Her mind started to think of stuff she didn't want to believe, God, she only wanted a place to sleep, and now all of this happens.

The line was getting smaller and smaller, by the time Emily's turn came, she was really, really nervous and a little bit scared. Her afraid eyes met a woman with green skin and her heart started to pound quickly.

'Oh my God! I-it's an orc! What the fuck?!'

"So, speak, I don't have all day!" - the female orc shouted, waking Emily up from her thoughts.

"Well, I don't know what is going on here, I don't know why I'm here, I just wanted a place to sleep and hide from the rain!" 

The orc was sitting on a throne made of stone, and as soon as she heard that, she laughed. The soldiers around her started to laugh as well, and Emily's heart was beating too quickly, far too quickly. She felt dizzy, scared, nervous, and sleepy, but she needed to stay awake, she wouldn't surrender to all of that, at least not before she was safe.

The female-leader got up from her throne and approached Emily, who simply recoiled, afraid. The orc got a good grip on Emily's shoulders and made her stop walking back, the redhead froze, she was dizzy and if that kept on for too long, she would faint for sure. 

"You are a cute one, human." - she looked Emily's body, from her head to her feet. "Come with me if you want to stay alive."

The female-orc left the room, going through a big corridor, Emily right behind her. Of course, she was nervous, Em heard stories of how orcs used to slay humans for no reason, every single human had heard about that, and she was simply too scared of orcs to say anything, and to be following one to god-knows-where was scaring her to the bone.

Quickly, Emily met another intersection, and they took the way down, which was deeper inside that damned cave. A few steps ahead, they walked down that passage and met a door. The girls went inside, and the orc locked it with a key. Em stared her, the orc-woman was strong, she had a cute feminine face with two pointy teeth pressing against her upper lip. Her abs were pretty defined, her arms and legs looked strong, and then, a nice pair of boobs, weren't too big nor too small.

Emily was pretty sure they were in her bedroom, a nice bed in shape of a circle called her attention, in front of the bed, in the other side of the room, a fireplace lit the room.

"My name is Aggra, if you are wondering." - she untied her top piece of cloth, revealing her bare breasts to Emily.

The redhead felt her face getting hot, Em was pretty sure she was blushing. Her eyes just couldn't move from her boobs, they were... beautiful. Of course, she didn't consider herself a lesbian, she was pretty sure she liked men, it was only natural beauty. And then, Aggra pulled her bottom fur rags down, revealing her huge member for Emily to see.

"W-what?!" - she backed off until her back hit a the wall of the bedroom. "What are you?!"

"Shut up, human." - Aggra approached Emily, her dick was already hard.

'What the fuck?! WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?! How did she hide that?'

"Now, start sucking if you ever want to go back to your puny life." - Aggra pointed her veiny, huge dick to Emily's face, and the redhead turned her head away, disgusted.

No, Emily would never, ever touch that, not even if she had to die! God, she only wanted to sleep and now she was forced to put her mouth around that disgusting thing? No way.

"I warned you, and I even promised you to let you free, now you're just going to be my little bitch for the rest of your useless life, cocksucking bitch."

Aggra led her hands to Em's red long hair, under her hoodie. She got a good grip on her and forcefully shoved her way inside her mouth. Her dick going inside that cute mouth, feeling it rubbing against that little tongue, too good, too fucking good.

Emily gasped for air, the orc-girl wasn't even half way in, in fact, she was barely inside her mouth, but it was too big, she would never be able to take it all, and hopefully she wouldn't have to take it all.

"Go deeper, stupid bitch!"

Em's tongue rubbed against the big shaft inside her mouth, circling it's big and dominant head, while trying to go as deep as she could. No, she didn't like doing it, but it was already a burden being forced to suck a cock that big, the quicker she cums, the better. She worked her way, trying to force the shaft down her throat, but it was useless, one more inch went inside and it already hit the back of her throat.

"Again, I warned you." 

Aggra held Emily's hair will all her strength, and rammed her huge, veiny cock inside the human girl's mouth, 10 inches deep down her throat, and it felt good, it felt wonderful.

"You are the best cocksucker I'll have the pleasure to break." - Aggra moaned and kept her shaft deep down the girl's mouth.

Em was suffocating, her mouth and throat were stuffed with that huge dick, deep down her throat. Her lungs were burning, she needed air, even if it was a little tiny bit, she needed it.

Aggra pushed herself even deeper, even if there was no more dick to go in, she pulled Emily's head towards her skin and forced her cock all the way inside that perfect, tight throat. She hadn't shaved in a few days already, and there was a little big of natural hair growing, not too much, but it was there. Emily was nuzzling her pubic hair, and the sight of her dick deep inside that throat was good, she felt good, her dick felt good, and soon she would cum, and she would cum so fucking much, so fucking hard.

The female-orc pulled her cock out, keeping the head inside, and rammed her shaft all the way back inside that throat. Emily tried to gasp for a little bit of air, it was useless, and she knew she would eventually faint if that kept going for too long. Aggra did it again, and felt her balls slapping against the girl's chin, it was wet, pre-cum dripping from the redheads mouth.

The orc-girl's moans started to get louder and she started to thrust deep down Emily's throat, the girl's head was rammed against the wall with each and every thrust, she started to feel dizzy again, but Aggra didn't care, she wanted to cum, and she would, of course she would cum.

She pulled the human again, her nostrils against her small hair and held her there. Another thrust, balls deep, held Em there for a few seconds, and again, and again. She did it all over again, and with one mighty thrust she started to cum, deep inside her throat, straight to her stomach.

"YES! TAKE IT, TAKE IT ALL! EVERY DRIP INSIDE YOUR FILTHY STOMACH, YOU BITCH!

Emily's head hit the wall one last time, and she felt her body being filled with the orc's seed. Wave after wave, straight to her stomach, she didn't know how to feel, she only wanted a place to sleep, and there she was, sucking the biggest dick she has ever seen, it was filling her stomach, and it belonged to a female-orc.

Aggra felt her balls being emptied, and it was good. That was for sure the best throat she has ever fucked in her whole life, and she would do it again, and again, and again, until she felt empty, with no more cum to pour inside her new slave.

She pulled her dick out of Emily's mouth, the human girl started to cough non-stop, however, no cum was spilled, she took every drop inside her. Aggra felt bliss by seeing that, and she was somehow happy. But it wasn't enough.

"I need to go for now, get some sleep, I'll be back in a few hours or so, and you better prepare that ass of yours, I will pound it so hard that you will feel empty without my cock inside you." - Aggra said, dressing up quickly.

The female-orc chained Emily to the wall, and the redhead didn't even know she had chains with her. Well, she didn't know about the dick as well.

Soon, Em was alone, scared, hungry, sleepy, chained. She didn't want to get her ass raped, neither she wanted it to happen to her mouth. But her mouth was already violated, and her ass was the next. With those thoughts in mind, somehow, she managed to fall asleep.