 After receiving a cloned body I immigrated 127 Light Years from Earth to Free Skyes. Unfortunately I had to work and pay for that cloned body and I had very few skills a high tech society could use. So it was either I become an Unskilled Labourer or a Sex Slave. I guess Human Recourses had me figured out correctly. All those years in BDSM chat-rooms and websites were tracked alright, but not by Homeland Security. I was a 24/7 Bonded Sex Slave with a 5 million credit debt to pay off. Worse still I didn't have any say on how or what I would be doing, I wasn't a citizen. After taking a Citizenship Test all that changed.

I woke up feeling tired and funky. I was naked and on the edge of the bed with Master Charles and Mistress Dianna. I felt a hand on my shoulder, Mandy my android, signalled me to remain quiet and helped me out of the bed without disturbing them. We crept out of the Master Bedroom and into the bathroom. 

"I need to go pee," I told Mandy.

"Hold still and I'll put a diaper on you," it told me. 

"Awww, do you have to?"

"Do you need a spanking," it asked me. I kept my mouth shut while it diapered me.

"Oh excuse me," said Rota as she backed out of the bathroom.

"That's okay Rota," said Mandy cheerfully. "Only one bathroom in this apartment. Besides you've seen Mister Jones in his birthday suit already."

"Okay," said Rota who clung a floor length guest robe about herself. "I thought putting on diapers was my job."

"Well it is," smiled Mandy, "but I can interrupt the rules too. This being Saturday everybody sleeps in. Except Mister Jones here, he needs to be kept to his routine or he'll get fat." It actually made me step into a pair of baby blue plastic pants. "There; now go take a pee," it told me. I was mortified as Rota watched me. "Well what's wrong now," it asked me.

"Rota's watching me," I blushed.

"I've never see a grown man take a dump in his pants before," she told us.

"Welcome to the Free Zone," cheered Mandy. "Mister Jones is learning about not saying you are curious about something's."

"He's not interested in diapers," asked Rota making me blush even more. My cock was not interested in sex or passing water at the moment.

"This is called Diaper Domination," explained Mandy. "Poor Mister Jones, here he is with a perfectly function toilet a few feet away and he has to piss his pants. And soon, or somebody will have to punish him for not obeying orders."

"Why do you call him Mister Jones," asked Rota.

"Well it's his formal name," laughed Mandy, "but he doesn't have any formal responsibilities. And he can't look down and see his own manhood or touch it because he's a slave." I was finally able to let go and feel my crotch get wet. "Good boy," it told me. "What are you here for," it asked Rota.

"Well," sighed Rota, "I need to," she looked at the toilet. 

"Come along," Mandy took me by the ear and lead me out. "When you finish you can strip him and bath him."

"Bath him?"

"Well if you want to work someplace else," shrugged Mandy, "I'll do it."

A few minutes later Rota had a choice, either have me stand or kneel in the tub while she washed me or take a shower with me. Don't ask me why, it would have been easier for her to bath me but she chose the shower. After she bathed me, she told me to bath her, and naturally I did, because, well I was curious and she is after all a guest. Once try she put another diaper on me and we went into the kitchen.

"I have a nice glass of juice for you Rota dear," smiled Mandy as it handed her a glass. "Nothing heavy before morning exercises."

"Where is my juice," I had to ask.

"Right here," it pointed to her left breast. It sat in a chair and I had to sit in its lap and suck on its breast. 

"You're sucking her tit," observed Rota.

"Mandy is an Android," I told her. "And if it has instruction or is just being plain nasty I will be sucking supper out of a few other openings."

"Do you want to see him suck his porridge out of my asshole," asked Mandy. "With Master Charles and Mistress Dianna asleep that kind'a puts you in charge."

"Do you normally feed him that way," asked Rota.

"No," sighed Mandy, "some humiliations I do are too gross for some people."

"Well please don't gross me out," she asked pleasantly. "A nice normal meal would be fine."

"Not till you both do your daily work-out," reminded Mandy. "How can people who work for a television station not watch their own information shows. Just last week, and I double checked the numbers, residents are getting more and more out of shape. Soon you'll be needing oxygen while having sex."

"Sound like some people I know back on earth," I mumbled.

"Well stop procrastinating," she smacked me on the bottom, "get out on the balcony and on that treadmill."

It was only a thirty minute work-out but Mandy made sure I knew it was the most important part of the day. I was running, not jogging on a very hard grade and speed that made me feel great. Weight and stretching exercises to which I could feel the muscles flow. Rota kept up at her own level and to say the least he body was ...sexy. No other explanation, she just needed a wardrobe change. I filed that idea away.

We were towelling down when Master Charles and Mistress Dianna came out of the kitchen. They both looked a little embarrassed as Mandy not too gently swatted their butts towards the balcony. I looked the other way while Rota openly laughed.

"Don't you have some cleaning to do," Mistress Dianna told Rota.

"I just showered," explained Rota, "I figure after Mister Jones has his 9AM potty break, I'll take a shower with him again."

"Mister Poopy-pants," chuckled Master Charles. He was buck naked, and a red impression of Mandy's hand on both butt cheeks but still walked like the Master of the house. 

"Okay," said Mistress Dianna, "just remember you can't have sex with him unless under our supervision."

"Supervision," asked Rota.

"The first time you fuck him or my husband," warned Mistress Dianna, "I'll be there too."

"Oh," sighed Rota, "okay."

I was sitting on the sofa flipping through the TV channels and tried not to pay attention. Mistress Dianna and Master Charles obviously had their guidelines. It was comforting to know they would not just pass me around, but had their limits. As sexually charged living with my new owners was, I also had to consider they were people too. Both needed to do their jobs, get paid, and well live. That also means down-time, I was half hoping for a cuddle, light sex, and a good night sleep in a real bed and not a matt by the door. An orange flashing light on the TV screen changed all that.

"Mistress," I nodded respectfully to Mistress Dianna who was having her butt spanked by Mandy on the treadmill, "Master, we have a Code Orange on the home computer."

"No breaks yet," warned Mandy.

"Al you have our clearance," gasped Master Charles who was sweating on the gym.

"Greeting Al," smiled a hologram of Uncle Paul. The message was a robotic hologram, which was disturbing in some respects. "You, Charles and Dianna are invited to a little company party I am having over at my house. Al, I'm sorry to say while dress code is casual, slaves are kept naked, I can't have you doing business without people knowing your status. Now keep that cute ass of your out of trouble. I'd be disappointed if you are tied up this evening."

After relaying the message to Master Charles and Mistress Dianna they just laughed and assured me I would be kept on a short leash. Rota on the other hand, was not invited, and had to stay at home. What she didn't know was that Mandy would be watching her.

So we played a little, got embarrassed a little, and the day rolled by comfortably. The three of us took an afternoon nap, it was nice. Mistress Dianna was on her side with me inside her vagina. Master Charles was behind me with his cock up my ass. I came so many times that Mistress Dianna farted a quart of cum out of her vagina. But she wasn't the only one who got an enema that afternoon.

"Uncle Paul wants to spend some quality time with you," Mistress Dianna told me with a light pat on the bum. "Go have Mandy give you an enema; a deep one."

"I don't understand," I asked, "I thought you guys own me."

"When your price went over a million," confessed Mistress Dianna, "he wanted to pitch in. He also paid for your rectal cluster, so he's interested in you that way too. He does Charles too from time to time. That's why we're a tight family in many respects."

"Wife swapping," I asked.

"Nothing so simple," said my Mistress, "we sometimes have group sex, share slaves, little orgies, this is the Free Zone. Uncle Paul does more than a hard use of the cane, and his body is not altered, he's naturally very well endowed. Besides he has rights to you too."

Well that was something to chew on as I sat on the toilet and expelled. Dianna took a shower with Rota, which was very erotic in many respects. Nearby Charles was shaving his face, and half watching too. While the Master and Mistress chose proper and yet casual clothing, I was given a pair of stilettos, four inches now, a leather collar to hold my leash and nothing else. 

That evening the outside temperature was five degrees, ten inside. We took a cab and headed for the upper corporate area. I looked down and saw the rambling McDermott grounds before we came down to Uncle Paul's estate. It was a modest estate, ten bedrooms, swimming pool, the usual by Playboy Mansion measurements. 

"Charles, Dianna," laughed Uncle Paul at the front door, "come in, come in, you know your way around here. Al, what are you doing with shoes on?"

"I put them on him," crooned Mistress Dianna, "makes his legs and ass look good. Why?"

"He's taller than a certain client," Uncle Paul whispered to her. "Get them off him."

Barefoot Uncle Paul led me through the mansion and into a guest bedroom. Uncle Paul went straight to business, and pointed to the foot of the bed. I moved into position.

"Bend over," he instructed, "knees on the bench chest on the bed."

"Am I posing for you or a client," I had to ask.

"As much as I would like to," he stroked the crack of my ass and got me aroused, "it's for a client."

"If it's that Heredshe woman you know this is the wrong position for me to be in," I told him.

"Really," he asked as he laid out a box of chocolates.

"I didn't spend three months in a Brothel that catered to Heredshe Space Merchants for nothing," I told him as I straightened up and checked out the closet. I took out a floral robe and put it on. "If she wants me naked she'll ask for me to take it off. She will want me to surrender to her if she is as powerful as she presents herself to be. And I know no alcohol, so how about a coke and not a slave beer okay?"

"What's wrong with the slave beer, you endorse the stuff."

"Look I formulated the stuff," I pointed out, "just to make it taste better. The stuff give me a hard-on that is almost as bad as Viagra. Opps," oh dear, "do you punish me for Earth Words?"

"No, we know the product," he laughed, "I guess training at the Boom-boom Room makes you a little nervous. Your android told me she could adjust your training to speak only in Free Skyes Common after next Friday, how do you feel about that?"

"What if I meet other people of the Coalition, those who don't know Free Skyes Common?"

"I get your point," he nodded, "but you do have to be able to speak the language of the planet. So do you have any other questions?"

"Why me," I had to ask, "why not hire a professional to make your client happy."

"Call me cheep," admitted Uncle Paul, "or curious. I want to see how well you know Heredshe, and you're proving it. And I don't use prostitutes to seal a deal, I run an honest operation here. I have security cameras, but I don't blackmail people. But my writers will be taking notes."

"Great," I groaned as I sat down turned on the TV and started popping some chocolates and trying to appear relaxed. "After she and I have sex in the normal fashion, she will need anywhere from a half hour to an hour to gestate, then she will need to fuck me and have a very big orgasm. So if she leaves and goes back to the party, please realize she will come back here. So have your security keep others out okay?"

"Sure thing," agreed Uncle Paul. He paused at the door, "what kind of a look do they call this?"

"What are you doing you lazy slut," I chuckled, "is what I often hear."

Uncle Paul laughed out loud and left the room. It was a very comfortable room, and once alone I took a few moments to snoop about. The closet had a few bath robes, and casual clothing of various sizes and sexes. I guess I could get dressed and let her see or do more to me. On the inside of the closet door was a "weapons rack" of dungeon whips, straps, paddles, and restraints. Bedside end-table contained various lubes, insertables, gages, straps and easy restraints. To say the least it was a well stocked playroom for BDSM activities. There was another door leading to a bathroom. I checked the bathroom closet, towels, and (eek,) adult diapers in both male and female ready. Also a small pile of tidy-whitey plastic pants in various sizes, very well equipped. I got back to my chair and had a sip of coke as the Heredshe woman entered.

"What are you doing here," she snapped. "You some sort of prostitute?"

"I'm hiding out," I said quickly, "I'm also company property. I was a Class 8 Courtesan with the Boom-boom Room but now Uncle Paul's property," I half lied. "Some of his people don't trust my knowledge on Heredshe, so I'd thought I would sneak over here and explain it all. I'm new here."

"So what were you doing so well dressed in the elevator yesterday?"

"I'm also Dianna _________ personal sex-toy," I confessed, "she, Uncle Paul and her husband are my triple owners. The thought I could," had to think that trough, "explain that our education system has gaping holes in it."

"And what about you, prostitute," she half spat in my face as she lifted me out of my chair.

"Terrified," I gasped, "I know you can beat the crap out of me, and seriously injure me long before Security arrives. I'm here for your pleasure." She striped off the robe and grabbed my cock.

"Oh," she smiled, "now that is small by Free Skyes Standards. Did they modify you?"

"No Mistress," I gasped. Heredshe women don't play around, no teasing, she want cock and she goes for it. "I'm from the Protected Planet Earth, this is my original size. Smaller size of average I'm afraid."

"I would have had more fun stripping that suit off of you," she grunted as she pushed me to the bed and stopped to take off her trousers. Her legs were almost as hairy as a man's, wore ankle socks, and spandex boxer/briefs similar to a man. She opened the fly wide and mounted me through the fly.

"It would be more comfortable," I gasped, "if you took your underpants off."

"Shut up bitch," she slapped my face, "do I need to spank you?"

"Oh," I groaned, what a loaded question. "I like being spanked," I confessed. "But if it is..." She flipped me over, took out her belt and whipped me, hard. What a totally stupid thing to say; but then, I hate having my face slapped.

"Nice," she smiles as one arm went about my body with her hand holding on to my cock. She could feel me getting very aroused and stopped before the pain became punishment. "Good boy," she told me. "Always honest," she added as she remounted me. "Now spill your seed where it belongs." She humped me hard like as if I was a bucking horse. "Don't make me work too hard," she ordered, "or you will be eating your next meal standing up."

"Permission to be on top," I asked. "I can hump faster and cum quicker."

"Anything else," she asked as we changed position. She gave me that piercing look.

"A paddle," I confessed, "or riding crop, or hairbrush; for spanking me into you. Mistress," I concluded. 

Personally I like long and loving sex. However the Heredshe were self absorbed and to her my fucking and coming inside her was just a messy step one to her orgasm. Inside of ten minutes I came hard and still multipled; I guess my spanking fetish was responsible for that. I half dozed on the bed and before I knew it, she handcuffed my ankle to the bed.

"Hey what's up," I asked her.

"I don't want you to leave," she smiled as she put on her pants.

"Well," I panicked, "what if I need to go to the bathroom."

"Oh dear," she chuckled and checked out the bathroom. "I'll leave the door opened and you can pee from there."

"That's not funny," I snapped.

"Well look at what we have here," she laughed as she looked into the closet. "Are these adult diapers," she asked holding several up.

"Yes Mistress," I surrendered.

"Do you like wearing diapers," she asked me.

"No," I pouted.

"Do they make you wear diapers," she had to ask me.

"Yes," I whimpered and wished I could cry as she moved closer to me.

"Then let's make use of these," she said holding up a pair of women's diapers.

"No wait," I tried to back away. "Free Skyes is different, blue for boys, pink for girls." I did need to pee, but in the wrong sex I could make a real mess. "I could hold it till you get back."

"And have me watch you pee," she sneered, "please, lift your bum." She put the diaper on me. "Nice narrow waist," she looked pleased. "What size plastic pants, small?"

"Medium."

She pulled a pair of plastic pants tightly on my bottom and hips. It was a small but she was quite satisfied with herself. A few hard smacks on the bottom to make sure it was on and I was in submission. She then drank my coke.

"I'm sorry but that was mine," I told her. "You might catch my man germs."

"That's okay," she went to the wet-bar and took a slave beer out of the fridge, "here we are." She held up the bottle, "nice penis shape too." She handed me the bottle, and I bravely took a swig. "Drink," she ordered. I took a couple gulps and the diaper felt smaller I was getting so aroused. "Finish it," she ordered. 

"Yes Mistress," I sighed and emptied the bottle. "Thank you Mistress," I sat back on the bed. I fiddled with my crotch, I didn't want to pee up.

"Don't touch yourself," she ordered.

"Okay," I smiled, "I'll wait till you leave."

"No," she smiled back, "I'll wait till you wet your pants."

"Well my dick is pointing up," I reminded her and I reached down, "and if I pee that way. My piss would leak out of the top of the diaper and on to this nice bed. Or did you want to do that," I smiled sitting back and putting my hands behind myself.

"Well we can't have that," she said as she moved close to me and reached under the diapers. I waited till she had both hands in my pants before I made my move.

"Why don't you order me," I snapped as I pulled her across my lap and spanked her bottom.

"Hey don't do that," she screamed, "I'll have Uncle Paul punish you."

"What," I laughed, as I pulled off her pants belt and pulled down her pants.

"Help," she called, "Security!"

"The room is soundproof," I laughed and paddled her panties and worked her pants off. I found the handcuff keys, but first had to secure her. "Security cameras will only see us in the bed. They think we are having kinky sex."

"You fucking shit," she cursed, "faggot."

"I bet you wanted Daddy to spank you as hard as the boys," I laughed as I pulled down her underwear and exposed her magnificent ass. "Who's your daddy," I asked her with each smack of her doubled belt. A dozen more strokes later she was crying uncontrollably. That gave me enough time to take off the handcuff and the strip her naked. Aside from the tits and hairy pubis she was built more like a young man. It was sexy in some respects. 

"I'm going to make you cum like a man/whore," I told her.

"As soon as you turn your back on me," she hissed, "I'll kill you." We wrestled, and she did put up a good fight but finally out of sheer size and slightly better strength I managed to handcuff her hands to the headboard. I struggled with her legs and whipped her ass even more in the diaper position. She yowled in pain over that. Once I had her legs together and down she was mine.
