 This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99 

Chapter 7 

John didn't know about the other council members, but after the aliens left, his body was trembling with lust and he was on a mission to find Lisa. He found her in their apartment talking to Natalie. He stormed into their apartment and grabbed Lisa's arm dragging her back to their bedroom. His eyes were full of fiery lust as he apologized to Natalie, but told her to leave. He didn't wait for Natalie to leave, but began ripping Lisa's clothes off as he dragged her to the bedroom. 

Lisa didn't remember ever seeing this kind of uncontrolled lust in her husband's eyes, but the thought of him unleashing all that passion on her had her trembling in anticipation. John's mouth locked on to Lisa's lips and didn't let go while his hands stripped her naked. When the last vestiges of her clothing were gone he picked her up and threw her on the bed. 

Lisa knew he was going to take her anyway he wanted and for tonight he would be her master. She quickly spread her arms and legs so he could bind her spread eagle to the bed. With a speed born of experience, he did just that. Lisa writhed in her bonds, loving the feel of being helpless before the love of her life. Her squirming was also a tease designed to tempt her master to take her quickly. 

The look in his eyes told her that was exactly what was going to happen. John dove between her legs with his lips and tongue coaxing the passion inside her. While his lips and tongue were busy lashing her clit, his hands were ripping off his clothes. His talented lips and tongue were creating a blistering need inside her and driving her towards an orgasmic explosion. However, with her orgasm just in sight, he stopped, knelt between her legs and drove his now freed cock into her steaming furnace. 

Her hips arched off the bed as his cock slammed into her cervix. His cock always felt big inside her, but tonight it was engorged more than normal. It felt incredible to have her master filling and stretching her impatient pussy. Within two rapid strokes she was back to her orgasmic abyss and the next hard deep stroke generated an explosion deep in her womb. 

The fireworks behind her eyes were breathtaking and yet satisfying, but he didn't stop. John continued to pound inside her creating orgasmic explosions that seemed to go on forever. Lisa was having a hard time catching her breath with all of the orgasmic tsunamis washing through her until she finally felt him slam deep against her cervix and stay there while his rapidfire seed was trying to break into her womb. 

His orgasm seemed to go on forever and she felt the hard jets his cum splashing against her cervix wall. She was basking in her euphoric glow with his lips nibbling on her ear and neck. His lips traveled down to her breasts and began teasing her nipples. She knew this was not their normal afterglow. He was teasing her for another round and then she felt him thicken inside her. She knew this was going to be a night to remember, but wondered what brought this on. 

As he began moving inside her again she lost all thoughts of why and began to enjoy the rapture that was the man you love making love to you. His lips stayed on her nipples, while his finger strummed her clit and his cock began moving inside her again. With their combined juices inside her, she couldn't feel him as much inside her, but his fingers strumming her clit made up for it. Soon she was back in orgasmic heaven, with fireworks going on behind her eyes. 

By the time John came the second time Lisa was floating on her ecstasy cloud, oblivious to anything except the love for the man inside her. Lisa was still quivering with endorphins ruling her body, when John untied her, covered her with a blanket and went to take care of Erika. She was drifting off to sleep when she felt his arms wrap around her and finally fell asleep secure in his arms. 

In the middle of the night John woke her up again as he made love to her, but she was asleep again minutes after they finished. In the morning she heard Erika crying in her crib and as she got up to take care of her, she realized just how sore she was. It was that great aching feeling you get after a long night of making love. She was tender and walking bowlegged, but the smile on her face lit up the room. 

After feeding Erika she came back to bed to snuggle with John. He was awake staring at the ceiling as she wrapped her arms around and he pulled her close as she crawled into bed. Lisa laid her head John's chest and whispered softly, "Last night was incredible, but what brought it on?" 

John's arms tightened around Lisa and for a few moments he was silent. In a gravelly voice he said, "You know just how much I love you don't you?" 

He felt Lisa's head move up and down and she softly whispered, "Yes!" 

John once again tightened his arms around Lisa and continued, "I took the alien commanders on a tour of Venus yesterday. When we got to the Medieval room, the alien commander interrupted the show and fucked the performer on stage until she passed out. It was one of the hottest and most erotic things I've seen in a long time. The show you and I did in the medieval room is still the all time hottest show one record." 

John squirmed until he was looking into Lisa's eyes and continued, "After that I decided it was dangerous to take them to any of the shows, so I took them to the "slut hut". Most of the performers were naked and it turned into a full-blown orgy between aliens and human women. Now I have no idea what to do with these aliens on our doorstep." 

"After watching the aliens fuck the performers into unconsciousness, I was so horny I had to have you last night. It seems like the aliens generate fear among men and lust among women. And I just really don't know what to do baby." 

Lisa snuggled tighter into John's chest and cooed, "I am so glad they made you as horny as they did! I am sore all over, but it's that good, put a smile on your face, kind of sore." Lisa kissed her way up John's mouth and slowly teased him with her lips, until he grabbed her and kissed her with love and passion she knew was bottled up inside him. 

When John finally released her lips, Lisa propped her elbows on his chest and pulled away so she could look at the man she loved. She stared into his eyes and could see that the alien problem was troubling him. Then with a simple clarity that John always loved about her, Lisa said, "If we can find a way to control them, then hire them as performers. After all they came here for a payday." 

"That's it!" John yelled as he jerked upright in the bed and almost dumping Lisa on the floor. His mind was spinning on how to totally control the aliens as performers. He grabbed Lisa squeezing her tight, just before he gave her a kiss and launched himself out of bed. John ran to his phone and quickly scheduled a Council meeting in one hour. He rushed back to the bed, kissed Lisa, squeezed her tight in a bone crushing hug and then rushed into the bathroom to get ready for the morning. 

Lisa watched all of this with an amused expression on her face and laughter in her eyes. John was rushing around excited as a new schoolboy. She couldn't help but enjoy his excitement in tackling the new project. His single-minded focus was one of his greatest attributes. It was how he got things done and now he was going to take care of the aliens. 

Lisa slowly got out of bed and stretched. She went to go check on Erika and 30 minutes later was feeding Erika her breakfast when John rushed by fully dressed. He swiftly grabbed them in his arms, giving both of his girls a peck on the cheek and ran out the door. Lisa smiled to herself loving all of the different aspects of her husband. He could be a sensual and dynamic lover or hard demanding master. However, at times like this he was a very focused engineer and manager. 

Chapter 8 

John was madly writing on the whiteboard in the conference room as the other council members arrived. With the hour early all the council members congregated around the coffee dispenser to try and rinse the sleep from their bodies. Coffee seemed to be the grease that made these kind of meetings flow and everyone was greasing themselves up. 

The Council grumbled as they all took their seats around the conference table. John finally abandoned the whiteboard and turned to his friends asking, "How many of you were incredibly horny after our dealings with the aliens?" 

Nobody raised their hands but everybody looked sheepish as they cast furtive glances around the room. John raised his hand and answered, "I was so horny that I kicked people out of our apartment when I got home, ripped Lisa's clothes off and we made love three times last night. I don't know about any of you but it's been a long time since something affected me like that." 

Ken sheepishly raised his hand and added, "Debbie and I made love twice and would have been making love this morning, but somebody called a damn to Council meeting!" 

Council broke out in the raucous laughter and finally almost everybody raised their hand. John looked around and said, "I thought so. There are some pheromones or something that these aliens exude that affects the human race, both men and women. Initially their size and bulk was very intimidating to me, but once they started fucking it seemed like that's all I could think of." 

George piped up and asked, "I, like you, had a hard on that would not go down last night. However, what are you suggesting, John?" 

John grinned and added, "Actually Lisa had the idea last night. She said if we could control these aliens maybe they should be performers. After all they came here looking for a paycheck. Granted the paycheck they were first looking for was mercenary work, but they might enjoy being performers. Since I have a meeting with Bahati today I wanted to pass this by the Council before we ever did anything." 

Steve piped up adding, "If we're talking about the aliens being performers, shouldn't we have some representatives on the performers group here before we make that decision?" 

John looked a little sheepish and said, "Yes, you're absolutely right Steve. That's my oversight and my bad. Okay let's get some representatives from performance groups in here and we will re-adjourn in an hour." 

Everybody started murmuring to themselves and in general getting ready to leave when John added, "Ken, you and Debbie can get back to the morning you had already planned!" 

Everybody broke out in the raucous laughter and began filing out of the room. 

John ran back to his apartment to try and have breakfast with Lisa. She had already gotten Erika ready was almost ready to take her to daycare when John arrived. He sat down and had a quick small breakfast of oatmeal and blueberries. John sat musing as he marveled at the large size and the incredible taste of space grown blueberries. 

Before John was even finished with his breakfast Lisa gathered Erika and left to take her to daycare. She had a rehearsal for her show and left from there. Meanwhile John finished his breakfast with his thoughts whirling around these aliens and how they're going to change Venus. 

When John arrived at the Council chamber for the reconvened meeting, it was already full. Not only had the performance management group arrived, but they had the performer that Bahati had fucked in the Medieval room last night. 

John called the meeting to order and summarized their earlier meeting. When John finished he turned to Duane, director of the performance area and asked, "Duane, what do you think of this idea? After all these aliens are going to impact almost every show on Venus." 

Duane stood and walked to the front of the room and he motioned for last night's performer to come up with him. He somberly looked out on the Council and began, "For those of you that don't know her, this is Stephanie and she was the object of the alien leaders lust last night. Before we go much further I want her to tell us all what happened from her perspective." 

Stephanie actually seemed very poised in front of the group, but her voice cracked as she started talking, "Last night was an experience beyond any of my comprehension. First let me say that I believe these aliens admit some kind of pheromone that puts their intended victim at ease and heighted eroticism. When the alien leader walked towards me or even began to touch me I was never afraid, despite their enormous size and devilish looks." 

"Their body temperature seems to be much higher than ours and their skin is hot when they touched me. But that's the least of their physical prowess. Their skin also seems to emit some kind of an electrical charge that stimulates our skin wherever they touch. When he pinched my nipples it was as if they were trapped between jumper cables. It didn't hurt, but I was stirred like nothing I had ever felt and I actually had a small orgasm from him just touching my nipples." 

There was some murmuring among the gathered counsel as she continued, "When his finger touched my clit, I rocketed towards a huge explosive orgasm. Likewise, when his fingers slid inside me it was like an electrical wand stimulating my G-Spot and all the skin inside me. At this point I had no control over my body, but the feelings were agonizingly exquisite." 

"With his huge cock when inside me, I went out of my mind! He went wider and deeper than I've ever experienced and I felt it in my stomach. However, that was nothing compared to the sensual jolt of having him inside me. Whatever charge his fingers had, were magnified tenfold with his cock inside me." Stephanie began squirming and touching herself as just the thought of what happened last night consumed her. 

Her voice had taken on a sensual husky tone and she quivered as she spoke, "I don't know how to explain it! My whole body felt him inside me, from my toes to the tingling in my scalp. I have never had any experience where I had been so conquered. I felt like a slave girl, with no control over my body as he dominated me from the inside. I'm used to being taken from the outside and feeling all over my skin, but this was all deep inside me euphorically subjugating my insides. I felt like I was under his control and I loved every second of it! I couldn't sleep last night, because I needed him back inside me!" 

Duane gently steered Stephanie to a chair because she was quivering all over and seemed to be having trouble standing. Apparently just the thought of him touching her again had her shaking in anticipation. John watched Stephanie's reactions with alarm. Yes, this could be a really great show, what would it be doing to the performers. 

As Stephanie sat quivering in her chair, the entire room erupted in a mixture of positive and negative comments. John was in his own private thoughts, as Duane held up both hands for quiet, "I wanted you to hear Stephanie's experience before we talked any further. I can tell you the comments we received from the crowd at the Medieval room last night were almost euphoric in their praise. Likewise, I think all of you experienced the heat and passion of that show." 

"However, I wanted you to see, firsthand, the impact that this kind of a show has on our performers. If the old counsel was here I would have never even questioned what your answer would be. The old counsel would be chasing after the almighty dollar no matter how it destroyed their performers. After the revolution I felt like maybe the performers would be taken into account!" 

The room and quieted down and everybody was thinking strongly about what Duane had said. John stood and first addressed Stephanie, "Stephanie, if you were offered the chance again, knowing what you know now, would you want the alien to take you the way he did?" 

Stephanie looked up from her watery eyes and in an almost pleading tone said, "I have now been conquered by these aliens and I would do anything for him to fuck me again, and again. It's like there is a fucking drug, these aliens own it, and now I am addicted. The thought of not having him inside me again is painful and I don't know if I can take it." 

"You asked if I would do it again in the answer is, yes. Last night I experienced something that will change me forever. While the thought of never having it again is almost bone crushingly sad, I am incredibly grateful for having experienced it in the first place." 

John asked a follow-up question, "If your best girlfriend was approached by one of these aliens, would you want her to feel what you did?" 

Stephanie looked up as tears rolled down her cheek and in a sobbing tone added, "I don't know! I would want her to experience the absolute perfect bliss that I did last night, but at the same token not experience the abandonment that I feel now. Last night I was dominated by a master that I never knew existed and now I need him like I need air to breathe." 

John remembered hearing many of the same comments from Lisa. He was her lover, her husband and master and she said she needed him just like she needed air to breathe. So John understood the feelings that Stephanie was talking about. He took a deep cleansing breath and then turned to Duane asking, "Duane, what are your thoughts on all of this?" 

Duane moved away from Stephanie and stood in front of the Council, "From the pure entertainment standpoint, these aliens are a gold mine. Their fucking is like a drug and once we have people addicted they will pay anything to get it again. In addition, we need revenue to keep the station going and these aliens give us the draw we need to get people back to Venus. So as the entertainment director my answer is hell yes!" 

"However, as a man and a human being I think what Stephanie is going through is cruel. I would not want to subjugate anybody to these kinds of feelings, but I know there are many volunteers that want to be these aliens submissive. So if we limit the alien and human interaction to a select group of volunteer performers or guests, then I guess we can do this. We just have to be careful and make sure we have some deprogrammers to help those performers that want to get out." 

For the next half hour everybody had a chance to speak and it was a mixed bag. There were many that wanted to go forward and extend an offer to the aliens to be performers. However, there was another group that was adamantly opposed to the aliens dominating human women. John was more on the latter side. They had fought the revolution to push the dehumanizing counsel out and bring some civility to Venus. Now it looks like they may be heading down the same path that the old counsel followed. 

After John felt like they had had enough discussion, he held up his hands for quiet. He looked around the room and saw feelings were running high. Finally he said, "We need to vote on what to do, because I have a meeting with Bahati in less than an hour. 

John tried to gauge the feelings in the room, but came up short. He went to the whiteboard and wrote down three options: 

