 I apologize for the delay in this segment of the story. I dislike people that have long delays between chapters. Unfortunately, real life and jobs sometime interfere and that is the case here. The next segment will also be delayed, but hang in there they are coming as soon as I can.

This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99

*****

Chapter 15

For less than a second John felt panic rush through him, but he pushed that aside and began to come up with a plan to combat the aliens. His first order of business was to call Dominic and check on the weapons left over from the revolution. Thankfully they were already on their way to deliver some weapons to both the South and West airlocks.

John set his push to talk phone on broadcast in a tight clipped voice ordered, "To all personnel guarding the airlocks, the aliens are on their way into mass and in military formation. They have at least twenty women with them. If the aliens want to leave, let them leave, but under no circumstances are the women to leave with them. Weapons are on their way you are authorized to use whatever force necessary to keep the women from being taken."

"Dominic and Ken will be in charge of negotiations in the West airlock and I will be in charge of the South airlock. Remember the women may appear to be desirous of going with the aliens, but that is only because they are drugged. Do whatever you can, but for heaven sakes please be safe. Your safety and the safety of the women being taken is your priority. Once again, if the aliens want to leave let them leave as long as they do not have the women with them."

Next he wanted to find some kind of shielding against the aliens swords. He remembered left over aluminum for the stations repairs and called to George, "Gather a group of engineers and see if you can turn some of the left over external repair metal sheets into shields. See if you can design some way to hold them and if possible test them against the alien swords."

He knew the shields would be too late for the current crisis, but hopefully the weapons would save some human lives. John took off down the corridor using the low gravity bounce to get to the south airlock as quickly as he could.

John arrived at the airlock, but he was too late. The aliens had formed a phalanx and John arrived at the backend world the women had congregated. There were four aliens guarding the women and what looked like about fifteen aliens facing the airlock guards. Because of all the large, massive aliens blocking his view, John could not see any of his guards or what was going on at the front of the corridor.

All of the women were naked and in obvious arousal. Every woman's hands were trying to relieve their erotic distress by rubbing her nipples or clit. All of the women would rotate among the warriors rubbing themselves against the aliens in attempts to provoke the aliens and relieve their erotic distress. Several of the women had attached themselves to an alien warrior and were hunching on their thigh like a dog in heat.

The women's obvious and unashamed desire for alien cock was not lost on the alien warriors. All the alien's loincloths were stretched out of shape by their hard alien phallus. Several women took advantage of this and were stroking the aliens tool or sucking on her cock. One woman even tried to climb the aliens body to insert their alien erection into her womanly slot. The fact that none of the aliens broke ranks and took the women up on their blatant offer was a testament to the alien warrior's discipline. 

John shouted as loud as he could try and get the aliens attention, "Bahati, Bahati listen to me! We can work this out without bloodshed, just talk to me!"

The guards the back of the line immediately took notice of John and several warriors at the back of the phalanx also took notice. Word began to spread through the alien ranks and finally John saw Bahati's second-in-command, Zane, work his way to the back of the warriors in order to speak with John.

Zane seemed very belligerent as he approached John, "You are to let us go now or there will be consequences!"

John saw some of the defenders of the airlock spread out to get into better strategic locations. He turned to face Zane and responded, "You and your warriors are free to leave at any time, but the women will remain here with us. We have no fight with you, but we will defend all the humans on this space station. We know that all of the women are drugged with your nanite's and have no free will, so they will have to stay!"

Zane seemed to bristle at being talked to this way and he stood a little taller as he drew his sword. With him in his voice and hatred in his stare he bellowed, "We have claimed these women and they are ours!"

John felt the sweat running down his back and pool in his underarms, but he tried to stand tall against Zane. He licked his lips and then as aggressively as he could muster John menacingly said, "Then be prepared to die, because these human women are not leaving with you!"

John had no idea how the negotiations were going at the Western airlock, but he knew this one wasn't going well. Zane bellowed some command and all the warriors encircled the women with their swords drawn. John yelled to all of the southern airlock defenders, "Defend yourselves and our women, but wait for them to make the first move!"

For several seconds there seemed to be some kind of a standoff and nobody was ready to make the first move. After the delay several of the warriors shifted into a fighting stance and John was afraid a real battle was about to begin. The alien warriors were disciplined and seemed to be waiting for order to attack. That was not the case for the human defenders of the airlock.

A few human defenders that John could see were very anxious and nervously looked around waiting for the aliens to do something. John could see pistols and rifles aimed at the aliens, but the defenders were shifting the weapons around fearfully. The tension between the aliens and the human defenders was thick and restless. The women didn't even seem to notice and only sought to slake the rampant desire inside them.

Suddenly he heard Bahati's voice coming over some kind of communication device. It was not translated, but all of the warriors sheathed their swords.

John watched in amazement as the warriors lined up and began to exit the space station. The airlock defenders stepped aside as the aliens exited the station in pairs. All the women were being left behind, much to the defenders astonishment. However, the women were in desperate straits demanding their alien lovers and fought to go with the aliens.

The defenders had to physically restrain all of the women and in several cases the fight was worse than with the aliens. John heard a passionate scream and realized that the airlock defenders were now rubbing the women's clit in order to pacify them. As their pent-up desire was suddenly released several of the women immediately went into orgasmic rapture. This method of appeasement spread throughout the ranks and soon all the women were placated.

Zane along with another of his warriors stayed behind and when the last of his warriors work on Zane addressed John, "My commander wishes to speak. Can you take us to the other airlock?"

John nodded his head and set off in the direction of the West airlock. It took less than five minutes to get there, but John was horrified at what he saw. Dominic, Ken and Bahati were all covered in drops of red and green blood. Behind them the airlock was also awash in a mixture of green and red blood. Three alien warriors and parts of two human defenders lay unmoving on the deck. Obviously, the battle here was bloodier than the airlock he just left.

John heard Zane's sword leaving its scabbard and stepped to the side just as the sword sliced through the air where he had been standing. Bahati yelled out a command, "Hold! There has been enough killing for the time being."

John turned and saw Zane sheath his sword, but his face revealed the fury in his heart. He was following his commander's orders, but you could tell he didn't really agree with them. John turned and addressed Bahati, "I need to speak to my compatriots and obviously you need to speak with yours. May we separate for a few minutes before speaking?"

Bahati nodded his assent. Dominic and Ken walked towards John, while Zane and the warrior with him marched towards Bahati. John looked at their blood speckled clothes and asked the obvious question, "Are both of you okay?"

Ken spoke up in a subdued voice, "Neither of us was harmed, but we did take some losses. The women are on their way to the hospital and the remainders of Bahati's warriors have left the station."

John could tell both Ken and Dominic were very upset at what happened here and he embraced both of them. He looked towards Dominic and asked, "Can you tell me what happened?"

Dominic swallowed a lump in his throat and began, "We got here with the weapons just seconds before the aliens arrived. They were in the military style phalanx, with the women at the back. There was a short standoff, but when one of the aliens moved his sword our defenders opened fire. Less than a second later swords had cut two all my men in half and everyone else opened fire. Bahati stopped the carnage with a single command, but most of the damage had already been done."

The lump in Dominic's throat had come back and he couldn't continue. Ken cleared his throat and continued the story, "We have two dead and four gravely wounded. The aliens have three dead and four wounded, but only one is in danger of dying. Bahati ordered his men to leave the station without the women and we escorted the reluctant women to the hospital. That's where we stand."

John absorbed all the information, gave a sideways glance at the alien conference and asked, "Has Bahati said anything?"

Ken shook his head and said, "He said nothing after he stopped his men."

John turned, walked several steps towards Bahati and Zane, and then stopped a respectful distance away, with an unspoken invitation to join him. With gestures that Zane was making, John felt like much of the alien crew wanted retaliation for the death of their warriors. There were other gestures that John couldn't figure out and he finally came to the conclusion that the alien crew still wanted the human women.

John felt like he was starting to read Bahati's face and at this moment he seemed saddened at the innocent loss of life. After watching Zane's gestures, John knew that any loss Bahati felt was for his own warriors. He wasn't sure how Bahati was going to reconcile his crew's anger and need for the human women. The aliens continued to converse for another minute, then Bahati joined John in the middle of the room.

John thought it was time to really talk with Bahati. His stone face stared deeply at Bahati as he asked, "What you want with our women? Have you given up mercenary ways and have now become slave traders in human women? You can see now that my words are not just a bluff, we will defend what is ours, no matter what the cost."

Bahati responded, "You have no idea how very special your women are. Throughout the universe we have encountered many kinds of females, but only a rare woman can make a man feel special. Your women make every man the encounter feel like a king and this is a very special trait. No, we do not want your women for a slave trade, we want them for ourselves."

"Your women are strong with intelligence and desire. When we fuck your women they make us feel like a conqueror and they feel dominated. We have found pleasure in your women and crave so much more, but in doing so we have become conquered. Your women invite total intimacy and by making themselves vulnerable they have given us the greatest gift a woman can give ... their submission."

"A strong warrior needs a woman who is truly his and when he feasts upon her form he will become her master and treasure her submission. We have fucked your women like they have never been fucked before, leaving them vulnerable, unable to think and open to our will. We have made it impossible for any man to ever satisfy these women. As much as they want to fuck us, we want to ravage them and bring them pleasure beyond their comprehension."

"We respect their submission and honor their sacrifice; in return we will give them constant pleasure and protect them from all harm. This is why we want your women."

John stood there for a moment trying to figure out if Bahati was telling the truth. In addition, he was not able to reconcile what Bahati was saying against the nanite's. So he asked the question, "If you truly honor our women, why infect all of the women with nanite's that keeps them in a constant state of arousal?"

Bahati had to know this question was coming and he answered, "The nanite's are for us in battle. The warrior will die only if his heart or brain function ceases. The nanite's will repair every other wound or injury. Since they are part of us they will naturally be expelled during sexual relations. They should only repair parts of the body that are damaged. There may be something in your women that the nanite's think is broken. If you wish I can have our surgeon work with your medical staff to understand what is happening."

John was still looking for deception, but not knowing this alien race he had no idea if there is deception or not. Regardless of any deception, any help in dealing with the nanite's would be welcomed. John nodded his head and the same time said, "Help from your medical staff would be greatly appreciated."

With all the preliminaries out of the way Bahati asked the one question that he knew all of his crew wanted to know, "If we resolve the nanite issue, will you allow your women aboard our ship?"

John knew the answer to this without even asking anyone, "If we are convinced that a woman wishes to be aboard your ship of her own free will, we will consider it. However, each woman be interviewed, guaranteed free of nanite's or any other control. Only then will we allow the women to stay board your ship and there will be regular checkups to make sure they still want to stay."

"In addition, the women already on your ship will be returned to us for medical evaluation. The same rules we spoke of apply to these women as well. One more thing, we have a peta-watt laser targeting your ship and should you attempt to leave orbit you will be fired upon. By now you know that I do not bluff."

When John mentioned the laser targeting his ship, Bahati turned a deeper shade of red. John also noticed a tightness around his mouth and perceived that he was getting angry. John was sure that he felt like he kept under estimating these humans. Bahati looked at Jojn with renewed respect and responded, "Your women will be returned and we are not leaving orbit."

It seemed as though they had come to some kind of an agreement, but there was still lots of details to work out. Specifically the nanite's had to be understood and removed from the women's bodies. As they finished talking Bahati began talking into a communication device and when he was done he addressed John, "Our surgeon is on his way over here to work with your doctors on the nanite's."

With that Bahati turned and with his entourage in tow left the space station. They carried their dead with them and John was left with Dominic and Ken. Ken said what they were all thinking, "I still don't trust them, but let us see what happens. I didn't know that the laser was operational and targeting their ship?"

John smiled and said, "The laser is not operational yet ... I was bluffing. The best time to bluff is after he called your bluff and lost."

John turned to leave heading for the hospital. First he wanted to see Lisa and afterwards let the doctors know that an alien doctor will be visiting them.