 This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99 

***** 

Chapter 9 

John was very worried about the effects of the alien lovers on the women of Venus. He went home to talk to Lisa. When Lisa found out that Nathalie was scheduled to do the dance of the seven veils she insisted that they go watch the show. Neither of them was actually interested in watching the show, but instead of watching over Nathalie and if she had the same reaction as the other women, taking care of her. 

John and Lisa arrived at the theater about 30 minutes before the show. They wanted to make sure they had good seats and could intervene if something went horribly wrong. They had no weapons and the aliens were bigger and stronger then John was, so how they could really intervene was still up in the air. Both of them were nervous and were afraid something is going to happen tonight. They prayed and planned for the best, but prepared for the worst. 

***** 

Nathalie was nervous and excited about tonight's show. She hadn't actually seen any of the aliens, but rumors had abounded throughout the station. She went to the Aladdin club about an hour early, mostly to get the veils just right for the dance, but also to work off some of her nervous energy. In order to keep any undergarment marks from showing on her body she dressed in just a simple sundress with nothing underneath. 

She spent about 15 minutes doing some stretching and trying to loosen up. Just as she was finishing her stretching, this devil-like creature entered the backstage room. He had to be 3 feet taller than she was, with red skin, horns and his arms were as big as her waist. She had never seen a being so massive and much of her anticipation morphed into nervous fear. 

As Nathalie stood with her mouth agape as the creature came over and stood above her. Nathalie almost had to lie on her back to see his face. He saw her dilemma and picked her up as easy as he was holding a plate of food. He looked into her eyes, said something in a guttural tone, then somehow it was repeated in English, "My name is Hati. I understand we will be performing together tonight." 

Nathalie was intimidated as well as awestruck and stammered, "Yeah I think we are ... I'm Nathalie." 

As he held her in the air Nathalie began to feel like a little doll. Hati juggled her for a second and cradled her in his left arm, while his right hand dove between her thighs. She was startled at first was getting ready to object when his finger touched her clit. It was like she had been touched with a hot, electrically charged vibrator and her breath caught in her throat. 

His left hand that cradled her, wrapped around her breasts and pinched her nipple. To Natalie it felt like an electrically charged in nipple clamp. She arched her back into the painful yet erotic torment of her nipple. She squirmed in his grasp with her body twisted by the dueling torment. The torment of his hands seemed to reach inside her and join together in her belly 

She went from fearful to aroused in less than a second. Her body reacted completely on its own as she arched her unprotected quim into his blistering touch. She almost jumped out of his arms as his hot electrically charged finger slid inside her. She moaned erotically as her body squirmed trying to get more of his finger inside her. 

Suddenly it was gone and she was being lifted towards his mouth. His forked tongue dove into her, reaching places that no tongue had ever been before. It had been less than a minute since he touched her she felt a massive orgasm building inside her. Her clit, G-Spot and almost any other bundled nerves in her pussy was being stroked and stimulated by his tongue, like nothing she had ever felt. 

Just as suddenly all the stimulation was gone. Nathalie realized she hadn't breathed since his finger touched her and now she sucked in a needed deep breath of air. She gulped in a lung full of passionate air and moaned erotically as she stutteringly released the breath. She could almost taste the orgasm that was just out of reach, but apparently he was not going to give her that. 

He set her down on her now shaky legs, but she still clung to him with a desperate need inside her eyes. His forked tongue came out of his mouth and licked his lips savoring her taste. The massive devil-like creature knelt beside her, hovering over her. She heard his guttural language and then the translator said, "My you taste delicious. I can't wait until our show and then I can take you anyway I want!" 

With that Hati stood and walked out of the room. Nathalie was left sitting on the floor quivering with need. She tried to take some deep cleansing breaths and it helped stop some of her trembling. However, the passionate want that had been ignited in her still burned in her belly. She tried to stand on her shaky legs and began to drape the veils across her body. She was almost absentmindedly getting dressed, because all she could really think about the way Hati would fuck her. 

***** 

The stage setting for the sheik's opulent chambers included all the walls covered in satin. Hati pretending to be the Sheik was lounging on a bed of large satin pillows, and he has two guards on each side of him. There was a low table to the side of the sheik with more pillows for setting. The large alien was totally naked except for his ceremonial loincloth. 

The dance of the seven veils had taken on a whole new meaning. Originally it had been seduction of to gain the freedom of John the Baptist. Now it looked more like an alien testing his newest slave girl. Whether it was the pheromones or just anticipation, the crowd knew they were about to see a beautiful young girl get ravished like she never had before. 

As Nathalie came through the door, the sheik sat up in anticipation. He gave the impression of someone who couldn't wait to get his hands on the seemingly perfect body wrapped in front of him. Nathalie's body was still hidden behind the veils, but her thrusting, begging nipples tented the veils letting everyone know the treasure that lay underneath. The alien's hands itched in anticipation of being able to ravish this stunningly beautiful woman that now belonged to him. A large bulge began to form underneath his loincloth. 

Lisa felt the heat of anticipatory sex in the air and her fear of the aliens waned with desire taking its place. John had been here before and knew what was going to be unleashed on Nathalie, so he was fearful of what was going to happen. The alien pretending to be the Sheik was even larger than any of the command crew, at least 8' tall. When the alien came into the room he had to hunch down as he walked and even then his horns scraped the ceiling. He hoped that he was not larger everywhere, but was afraid he was. 

Without any introduction the music began and seemingly of its own accord Nathalie's body started to shake and move. They were soft sensuous yet teasing movements with her hips seeming to swivel independent of the rest of her body. Every movement caused the veils to caress her sensitized skin fanning the erotic flames inside her. The amorous heat inside her fed her feverish red hot passion. It could only be quenched by her desperately needed orgasm. 

One look at the alien sitting at the other end of the room gave Nathalie an erotic shiver. The memory of his touch and tongue sent shivers and Goosebumps over her body. She tried to suppress the frantic need to feel his touch again that suddenly ran rampant inside her, but it only got stronger. She took a calming breath, but the luxurious veils caressing her nipples only inflamed her desire even more. 

Nathalie had studied various movies depicting the dance of the seven veils, but these were all Hollywood's interpretation, so she put together her own version. She tried to emulate the harem girl's dances she had seen on old movies. She thought she would throw in a few stripper moves as well, but it was all designed to be sensual and seductive. However, Lisa had done all this work before her and Nathalie followed much of her dance. 

She stretched her arms above her head and she began to shimmy around the room with the top of her body sensuously weaving to and fro. Her breasts wobbled enticingly on her chest, and her hard thrusting nipples were threatening to tear the fabric asunder. Her belly was bare and glistened under the harsh lights. Her muscles rippled under her skin as she began to heave her body to and fro and her. Her hips were moving independently from rest of her frame, as if they were being held by a lover as he was thrusting into her. The sensuous veils caressing her sensitized skin caused Nathalie to let her head fall backwards in an opened mouth moan. 

Nathalie unraveled the first veil and let it float sensuously to the floor. She brought her hands down to caress her body through the veils in an erotic display. The interaction with Hati's hands and tongues had really set her skin on fire. His eyes showed his desire and he looked like a crouching tiger ready to spring and ravish his prey. His scorching looks sent tremors through her womb. She felt every scorching sensuous move of the diaphanous veils against her skin. The very act of touching her overly sensitive breasts and tiny waist was almost enough to send over the edge into a massive orgasm. 

Her sensuous steps faltered as her stomach and pussy muscles clenched against the sensation that threatened to overwhelm her. She disguised her wavering steps by doing a pirouette leaving her back to the sheik. She bowed her back into an arching backbend as she looked backwards at the sheik. 

All of Nathalie's practice and paid off. Her body was wracked with an intense frenzied heat that seemed to flow unstoppable through her sensuously twisting shape. The oils, the aliens sensuous heat and veils maddening caresses were creating some lustful fog behind Nathalie's eyes. However, her muscle memory remembered the dance and continued on despite the wild crazy passion that roared through her body. 

Nathalie tried to use the backbend as time to regain her composure because her body was trembling all over with need. The only thing on her mind was the massive orgasm looming on the horizon and promised in the alien's eyes. She knew she would go insane if she didn't cum soon and her orgasm would not be denied. She kicked in some stripper struts across the floor and wound up leaving the second veil on the floor next to the sheik. With the second veil gone some of the details of Nathalie's sumptuous body were starting to be revealed. 

Nathalie glanced at the audience and the heat in their eyes only added to her desires need. Nathalie's body automatically shifted into a high seductive mode, with her movements more provocatively enthusiastic. Her increasingly flirtatious movements only made the veils move more alluringly over her skin. Hati's teasing before the show had done its work and her muscles trembled as her skin threatened to catch fire. She brought her hand back above her head and did a slinky strut from the sheik back towards the door and dropped the third veil. 

Nathalie went over and swung around one of the tent poles in the middle of the room. With her back against the pole facing the sheik she shimmied up and down the pole. Her sultry moves against the pole ended in a backwards body wave against the pole. At the peak of her body wave she released the fourth veil. The sheik was leaning forward in anticipation, because you could now begin to see some of her perfect breasts and nipples through the diaphanous fabric. 

Nathalie did a little sexy bump and grind all the way to the far wall, then fell to the floor and began crawling to the sheik in a slow and sensuous manner. The look on her face held promise that soon all would be revealed and the fire behind her eyes revealed the spirited lustful fire inside. With one quick look she saw Hati glaring at her with lustful intent and the flames roared inside her. Nathalie's body was on a sensual automatic pilot as her mind fought the white-hot fire threatening to consume her. 

As she reached the sheik's feet she rolled over bowed her back off the floor presenting her breasts to the sheik. She teased a little bit more for bringing her hands to her breasts and cupping them offering them to the sheik. Then her hands smoothed veils down the rest of her body showing the promise of what lay beneath. She let out a soft moan while her next slinky move amazed crowd as she stood while in the middle of a backbend. She stood, released the fifth veil and it floated into the Sheik's lap. 

Nathalie instinctively knew that the last two veils would require most of the teasing. At this point she had one veil covering her breasts, that's not entirely accurate, the veil was over her breasts, but with the see-through nature of the fabric nothing was really covered. The harsh stage lights made the veil completely transparent with the staggering perfection of her breasts available for all to see. The second veil covered her hips while the stage lights revealed her nectar laden pussy glistening in the light. 

Nathalie backed away from the front of the sheik and arched her back thrusting her breasts towards him. Her hands started traveling up her stomach and they slid teasingly beneath the veil. She began caressing up her flat belly eventually cupping her breasts and presenting them to the sheik through the veil. Having her hands underneath the veil presenting her breasts was very erotic and very arousing. With her fingers she began to caress her nipples and pinched them with her finger and thumb. As teasing as her fingers were, it was nothing like what Hati had done before and she glared at him, begging him to do it again. As she teased herself, her head fell back presenting her neck with her mouth falling open in a long sensual moan. 

Hati half stood ready to pounce on his prey. Showing her neck the way she did was a primitive invitation to take her and Hati almost succumb to her enticement. Hati settled back in his role, but his hands were twitching ready to take the woman offered to him. The lump beneath his loincloth had grown into monstrous proportions and Nathalie's eyes widened at the sight. It was a little bit of fear inside her on what this alien could do to her, but her body didn't worry about that, it only wanted the orgasm promised by his previous touches. 

She moved one hand from beneath the veil, released it, but quickly grabbed it before it fell completely off. She cupped her breasts and slowly let the fabric slide off revealing her dazzling breasts in all their glory, and they were magnificent. However, the act of sliding the fabric across her nipples threatened to push Nathalie over the edge. Hati thought she was displaying herself as she stood topless with her back bent and breasts thrusting upwards. Nathalie was really pushing her orgasm back by force of will, as every muscle in her stomach, hips and pussy fought her cum. 

Nathalie's whole body was trembling with her barely controlled passion ruling her body. She pushed her wobbly legs forward, and tried to strut or shimmy around the room, but her legs threatened to give out as the sensations started to break through her resolve. She knew she didn't have much time so she placed herself in front of the sheik and released the seventh veil. As the veil started to release she grabbed it and pulled it through her legs as a last tease. 

The last veil was her undoing. As the veil caressed her pussy lips, and clit on the way through her legs, her body exploded with every nerve and muscle in her body screaming in release. She fell to the floor her body arched in a massive cum. She lay prostrate in front of the sheik with her figure quivering and shaking. Her body was bowed backwards with her head touching the floor. Her breasts strained for the ceiling with her mouth open in a breathless silence scream. 

The crowd stood in a screaming ovation that went on for several minutes. Then the crowd realized this was not completely over and started to quiet down. Nathalie's mind was lost in the foggy lust of her orgasm, but the crowd's applause penetrated her subconscious. 

With a roar Hati ripped the loincloth off his body releasing his massive shaft, generating a gasp in the audience. His cock seemed to be a living thing hungering for its intended victim. Nathalie lay prostrate on the floor still in the mist of her orgasm and unaware that Hati was heading for her. 

Hati launched himself from his throne with his face falling between her legs. Immediately his tongues and lips devoured Nathalie's nectar, creating earthquake like tremors inside her womb. She hadn't even recovered from her first orgasm, when Nathalie's body jerked backwards off the floor in explosive volcanic splendor. Her erotic form trembled and convulsed as the alien's tongues and lips pulled massive orgasm after orgasm from her jubilant core. 

Nathalie gave a small shriek as his hands and tongue's continued devouring her sensitive flesh. The fire in her loins howled to life and was soon an unstoppable bonfire roaring through her body, flaring the desperate craving inside her. 

He used his lips, teeth, tongue and mouth to thrill and electrify her already sensitive and inflamed breast flesh. Her nipples were hard as diamonds aching with fanatical need. Her nipples were so swollen and enflamed that Nathalie they felt like they were going to burst. 

Hati got to his knees and dragged Natalie towards him until his immense phallus began to split her womanly lips. Nathalie's mouth fell open, slack jawed as she felt his cock devouring her still convulsing pussy. Her eyes flew open in shock and surprise as his phallus stimulated every part of her sexual core. Her body erupted in high voltage spasms as Hati slammed into her cervix with still several inches of his cock outside her lips.She felt deliriously wanton, sexy and even dirty as the alien cock probed her pussy in places she never knew were there. Her nipples joined her loins in surrendering to the rapture that enthusiastically tormented her entire body. 

The devil-like alien wrapped his arms around Natalie and stood from the floor, with his cock her main support. For a moment she looked like an insect pinned in a bug collection. She screamed as his cock pressed harder against her cervix and quickly wrapped her arms and legs around him in self-defense. The explosions continued to build until Nathalie thought she would lose her mind. The volatile power inside her was like nothing she had every felt and she knew she would die if they didn't stop, but she didn't want it to stop. 

Nathalie quickly adjusted to the gigantic cock inside her, but the electrical tingling, the vibrations and the heat all combine to send her back into outer space. The orgasms were coming so fast she had trouble catching her breath and the only things out of her mouth were moans and screams of passion. 

Hati's hands wrapped around Natalie's waist and he began sliding her up and down his cock as he walked towards the low table. Nathalie's orgasms were wreaking havoc with her body like tornadoes tearing across the Texas plains. There was no stopping her cums and with her spasms increasing she began to lose all muscle control of her body. 

Nathalie was convulsing so hard that Hati had a hard time holding on to her and quickly moved to the low-lying table. 

Hati ordered his guards, "Bind her to the table". 

With her body still controlled by orgasm, Nathalie felt her wrists and ankles being grabbed by the guards. Her mind tried to understand what was going on, but both her mind and body were still controlled by her passionate release. She still didn't understand what was going on as she felt her trembling body being lifted into the air by the guards. 
