 I apologize for the delay in this segment of the story. I dislike people that have long delays between chapters. Unfortunately, real life and jobs sometime interfere and that is the case here. The next segment will also be delayed, but hang in there they are coming as soon as I can.

This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99

Chapter 16

John stood over Lisa watching her sleep. The doctors had sedated her, but her sleep was fitful and troubled. He glanced over at Nathalie in the same bed and she seemed in worse shape. Her brow was beaded in sweat while her body twitched in needful anguish. She looked as though she was on the precipice of an orgasm that would never come. She was in a constant state of a smoldering craving and her body showed the troubled strain.

It was then that John began to notice the changes in Nathalie's body. She had been a beautiful woman to begin with, but there were subtle changes that made her look stunning. Her face was thinner with more prominent cheekbones, while her body was thinner and more athletic. Her breasts seemed larger, while all the rest of her torso seemed tighter, more fit and muscular. Nathalie's arms and legs seemed more well-developed and stronger. A quick glance at Lisa showed subtle changes in her figure as well.

As John stood there, Doctor Jamison in the room and stood next to John silently gazing at the two distressed women in the bed. After standing there for a few seconds Doctor Jamison mused, "I wish we could find something that could alleviate blistering urges inside our women. All we can do is keep them sedated which keeps them from acting on their yearnings, but they're all still hurting."

John turned to look at Doctor Jamison and asked, "Any new discoveries or developments?"

Doctor Jamison shook his head and then added, "We think we understand what these nanites are doing to the body, but we're no further along on how to rid the body of them or kill them."

John glanced at Lisa as a strong tremor rolled through her body. He held her hand until the shudder passed and spoke to Doctor Jamison, "The alien's medical staff is going to come over and help with the nanites. To be honest I don't trust them, but we need to pick their brains on how to rid the body of these nanites. By the way, is it my imagination or are the women's bodies changing as well?"

Doctor Jamison looked surprised and added, "Lord knows we can use any help we can get! No it's not your imagination. The nanites are ridding the body of excess fat and increasing muscle tone. We figured this was just part of their inherent programming, after all the warriors have almost no fat. We are going to keep watching the women and see where this goes. To be honest we don't have much of a choice, because we don't know how to stop what's happening."

John stared directly at Doctor Jamison while in a harsh and authoritarian tone said, "None of us have any idea what is the alien agenda. Learn as much you can from their doctors, but don't trust them as far as you can throw them. Don't let any of their doctors do anything, to anyone without medical staff first approving it and being there when they do it."

Doctor Jamison nodded his agreement and reiterated, "We're in complete agreement! We need the aliens to explain everything completely to us before we embark on any treatment schedule."

John took one last longing look at Lisa and then turned towards the door. As he was leaving he shouted over his shoulder, "Keep me informed and let me know when they get here."

John walked slowly to the revolutionary conference room, pondering the aliens and what they really wanted. He thought that his original thoughts about slave trading was still their purpose, but he was missing something. Is it possible that some of the aliens had indeed fallen in love with their earthly partners? Well anything is possible, but he leaned towards the aliens having a nefarious resolve.

As he entered the revolutionary conference room John noted that all department heads were there. Most of the people in the room looked defeated, but some looked angry and ready for some revenge. John knew his work was cut out for him, but before he could say anything his phone chimed and a voice he didn't recognize stated, "The alien doctors are here and all eight women from the alien ship are here as well."

John responded, "Great escort the doctors and the women to the med bay. Have the doctors look over the women from the alien ship and begin work on the nanites removal."

John turned to the department heads and began, "For those of you that haven't been involved in the alien incursion I want Dominic to summarize what has been going on."

While Dominic caught everyone up, John started organizing his thoughts, unfortunately Dominic was very succinct and ended while John was still thinking about Lisa. She was his dream woman and thoughts of her being ravaged by the nanites intruded into all his thoughts. As he was about to begin he received a text from Doctor Jamison that they were beginning work with the alien doctors.

So he began without a plan, "The way I see it we have three major areas of concern. First the defense of Venus, both internal and external. Second how to control and kill the nanites and third what to do with the aliens."

"Let's begin with option one ... defense. We used the weapons left behind during the revolution and they served us well, but we are low on ammunition and need to purchase more and maybe even stronger weapons. We had all hoped to live in peace, but everyone else seems to have other plans. New weapons will not help us now, so where are we on the peta-watt laser and shields?"

George spoke up, "The laser is operational and we tested it on a small asteroid about a thousand meters in front of the alien spaceship. We thought it made a convincing demonstration when the asteroid was vaporized. We tested some of the left over scrap metal against one of the alien swords. The swords went thought the metal like a hot knife thought butter. In other words, they only good for one use. We weren't sure if it was even worth the effort."

John shook his head and said, "Let's build two for each airlock. Maybe it will give them pause long enough to get out of their way. Oh, great job of the laser."

John looked around the room and mused, "Okay, we have an external defense, but need more of the lasers. Our internal defense is limited, but it is all we have for now. As for the nanites, the doctors are working with the alien doctors and hopefully they will have a breakthrough very soon. That lefts the third order of business; what do we do with the aliens?"

The room was dead silent and everyone looked at each other. Finally Jane from finance spoke up, "These aliens have been a boon to our bottom line. We have increased tourist traffic and the politicians, scientists and doctors that want to study them. In my opinion, if we can find a way to control them, they would be an asset to Venus."

John had been thinking the same thing, but had no idea how. So he asked the question he was thinking, "How do we control them?"

Jane immediately spoke up, "They seem to love two things, fighting and fucking. If we can create boxing or Mixed Martial Art matches along with the sex shows then we have it. I am assuming of course that the doctors come up with a cure for the nanites."

John looked at her and said, "Well from where I'm standing that is a mighty big if, but that is an interesting perspective. Anyone else have any thoughts?"

All the entertainment, finance, marketing and even some of the engineering representatives backed Jane's proposal. It seemed as though greed was back in style.

John face turned red and he felt the anger inside him begin to steam. He realized that he was outnumbered, so he made his last comment on the matter, "Venus was founded on making money and the aliens will help us do that. You have enough votes to force us into this proposal; however, I will not let a single human be harmed by these aliens."

"Until the nanites and hormones can be controlled there will be no interaction between humans and aliens. My job is to protect the humans and the businesses on this station. Currently we have over 30 people in the hospital in excruciating pain resulting from interaction between humans and aliens ... including my wife. I will not allow the alien / human intercourse to continue until I am 100% convinced that it is safe."

John stood and left the meeting with his blood boiling. He knew that he would begin to yell at people if he stayed in the room, so he left. He wandered Venus' corridors until he found himself in the Stardust bar. He didn't even have to ask before a Buffalo Trace Bourbon was placed in front of him.

The bartender was in the know and said, "We are glad someone is looking out for us little people, but you should know that the council is talking about impeachment. If they get rid of you there will be no one to look out for us. The drink is on me."

John was stunned at what happened in the conference room, but even more shook up over the impeachment comment. He didn't know what to make of this and mused over the backstabbing committee members. This was why he was never good in a large corporations. Backstabbing politics ruled everything.

After the second sip of his bourbon his phone chimed with a text from Doctor Jamison.

Chapter 17

John took another sip of the bourbon to fortify himself and then read the text.

'Breakthroughs, but you were correct to not trust them. Come when you can.'

He took one last sip of his bourbon as he stood and shouted a "thank you" to the bartender before he hurried out into the corridor.

John made it to the med center within two minutes and was met by Doctor Jamison. "I figured you would be here within a couple of minutes. Follow me and I will show you what we have."

John followed like an excited puppy and was really surprised when Doctor Jamison led him to Nathalie and Lisa's room. Both were awake and sitting up as they walked into the room. Lisa ran and jumped into John's arms wrapping her arms and legs around him. She smothered his face with kisses and grinded her groin against his. She was panting and close to an orgasm and John responded with a large boner in his pants.

Doctor Jamison red faced explained, "There is still some residual horniness, but it will wear off soon."

John murmured, "Not to soon I hope! Doc, could you give us a few minutes alone?"

Doctor Jamison looked embarrassed when he said, "No, I can't. If you have sex with Lisa you will become infected too. We are only learning to control the nanites and we haven't learned to get rid of them."

John missed terribly having the woman he loved in his arms and gave serious thought to making love to her regardless. When he began walking towards the bed Doctor Jamison put his hand on John's shoulder and said, "John, not now! Give us some time and you will have your wife back."

John reluctantly set Lisa on the bed and as he did Nathalie also attacked him. He easily pushed Nathalie away, but could not and did not want to let go of Lisa. Finally two nurses came in and pealed Lisa off of John. Lisa screamed that she wanted he husband and John's heart was aching to have her back in his arms.

Doctor Jamison put his hands on John's arm and steered him through the door. It took John a few minutes to get his head back, but his heart was still with Lisa. It finally got through to him that Doctor Jamison was talking to him.

"The alien doctors came to us with some drugs that lowered the LH and let the women regain some of their faculties. We analyzed some of the drug and we knew it was only temporary. Our breakthrough came when we analyzed the women that had been aboard their spaceship. Their nanites were very different from the ones we have been dealing with."

"One or scientists suggested that we record their entire visit and we did. The alien doctors brought a device with them and they secretly used it to tweak the nanites in the hostage girls. That is what gave us the idea of comparing the nanites we have versus the nanites in the hostage girls."

"Apparently there are some defaults in the nanites. One of the defaults is that all the nanites take on the characteristics of the latest nanite introduced into the body. They must have some kind of internal communication mechanism. Anyway we took some of the nanites from the hostage girls and introduced them into everyone in the hospital. We had immediately results, but if not for our recordings we would have never known what they were doing."

John realized that they still don't know what the alien game is. They are still playing games with the earth women and not letting us know what they are doing. A thought struck John and he asked, "How are the hostage women acting differently from the women in the hospital?"

Doctor Jamison responded thoughtfully, "The hostage girls seem to have their minds and personalities back, but they are still horny all the time just not as bad. Physically they are stronger and healthier, but the hormones are still elevated."

He stopped and pulled John into a corner. "John this is an incredible breakthrough in keeping humans healthy. We want to somehow get ahold of one of their machines and then we can change the face of modern medicine. Everyone here can see the potential. Do you think we can get one?"

John could see the potential as well, but had no idea if Bahati would trade for it and what he would want. John thoughtfully answered, "I don't know, but Bahati and I have a conference in a couple of hours. I will bring it up and see what we might be able to work out."

John seriously thought about going back to see Lisa, but he knew they would end up making love. So he turned away and went back to the council chambers. On his way there he wondered why the alien doctors did not just give the modified nanites to everyone. Why create two different classes of women?