 This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99 

***** 

Chapter 5 

The alien airlock opened up into a huge room, with the ceiling easily nine or ten feet tall. The walls look like some kind of white marble, but he knew it was some kind of substance he had never seen. Marble would never work in a spaceship. Adorning the walls were shields with coat of arms painted on them. There were floor to ceiling warrior statues, also against the walls, festooned with decorative armor and weaponry. 

The six aliens that greeted John created a triangular phalanx formation or an armored wedge. They towered over John and his guess was that all the aliens were all over 7 feet tall. John assumed the Warrior in front to be their leader. Each had identical armor that consisted of chain-mail sleeves stretched tightly over their bulging muscular arms. A short vest that seemed to be made of some very supple leather was wrapped around their shoulders. The vest appeared to be more ornamental, because it barely covered warrior's chests and each was adorned with different insignias. 

They were humanoid, with ripped and muscle-bound torsos bare from their upper chest to their loincloth. Their skin color varied from a reddish hew to a darker maroon and there didn't seem to be a gram of fat on anyone in the entire group. Their entire warrior's waists are wrapped in a bright blue loincloth, leaving their tree-trunk like legs bare. Their feet were covered in a high top leather sneaker. 

Their faces were western movie star rugged and handsome; however, the horns on their head gave them a more devilish appearance. The horns were curved towards the center of their head and varied in length, with the longest being no more than 4 inches. With their thin and pointed ears tight against their head, it all added to their devil-like appearance. 

The creatures that greeted John on the other side of the airlock seem to be the perfect humanoid warrior. Just like their ship they were bristling with armament. Each of the warriors seethed with herculean muscles that seemed coiled and ready to spring into action in a moment's notice. The entire greeting party carried a katana-like sword around their waist as well as some kind of projectile weapon. Each also carried some kind of a spear or staff weapon. 

None of the space invaders had a smile on their face, only a threatening look that said, "Don't fuck with me!" This was in stark contrast to their stunningly handsome faces. With their red skin, pointed ears and horns, John felt like he was dealing with a race of devils. 

John couldn't help smiling at the situation. It was like central casting on a movie set had designed what these devilish, alien space invaders should look like. Their mere presence was intimidating and at the same time Adonis-like in their allure. With this analysis he suddenly realized there may be an opportunity here. 

John checked the atmospheric gauges in his suit and realized the atmosphere inside the ship was breathable. The air had slightly more oxygen, less nitrogen and a few trace gases that earth doesn't have. He held up his hands in surrender and then slowly moved to unlock his helmet. As he removed his helmet he can see the posture of the warriors relax a bit. 

With his arms outstretched and palms up John said, "Welcome to earth and the space station Venus ascending. My name is John and I am the representative of the space station Venus Ascending." 

A few seconds after he said the a translation echo through the hall. The language sounded very guttural like a mixture of German, Dutch and Afrikaans. The leader then responded and after a momentary delay their translation device said, "My name is Bahati and I lead this ship. We are here to offer our services in your battle with the planet below!" 

John's had a quizzical confused look on his face as he asked, "What battle? We are a pleasure station, devoted to rest, relaxation and fulfilling any desire for those willing to pay the price." 

After the translation echoed through the chamber, John could see a momentary glimpse of, what he assumed was, confusion on the leaders face. Obviously not ready to give up on the chance of a battle, the leader spoke again. After the now customary delay in translation John heard, "We observed large detonations on the planet below and several spaceships explode in space. We can discuss our price later, but we are here to offer our services in your battle with the planet below." 

He now understood these were alien mercenaries looking for a battle and payment. John tried to give an ingratiating smile as he said, "Our battle for sovereignty was finished over one rotation around the sun ago. Our purpose has always been to provide pleasure and relaxation for wayward travelers from space or the planet below. Where are you from?" 

Bahati pondered for a moment and finally responded, "We are originally from a world called Jagjeet. In our language it means conqueror of everything. We are soldiers and have been looking for a place to practice our trade. We have not been home in over five of your earth years." 

John thought of soldiers away from home for five years and thought maybe a deal could be struck. He rubbed his chin and asked, "Would you and your crew care to come aboard and see the pleasures we can offer?" 

When the translation echoed through the chamber, John could see the alien's posture slump. The leader turned around and the group formed scrum as they began conversing. The translator picked up some of the conversations and it became obvious to John that they came here wanting a good fight, as well as, compensation. Now that it appears that they were not going to get their fight or money, they seemed unsure of their mission. 

While they were still in their scrum, John renewed his offer, "We wish to make friends with everyone. May I please show you the pleasures that our station has to offer?" 

All of their conversation stopped and the leader turned to face John. As he spoke John waited for the translation, "We are similar humanoids, but different species. We will gladly see what your station has to offer. What kind of pleasures are you talking about?" 

John gulped down his fear and responded, "We have food, drink, liquor, drugs, entertainment and sex. However, we are always adding new pleasures, depending on what our customers require. We don't know what your pleasures might be, but we can see if we might come to some kind of arraignment." 

Bahati nodded his head towards the rest of the command group. All of the greeting party moved to a locker, where all but two, stored all their weapons except for the sword around their waist. Then they opened another locker, each alien grabbed a small device and stuck the device on their back. The leader turned to John and said, "We will go now." 

John saw a shimmering around each alien and assumed the devices were some kind of force field that allowed them freedom in space. He shrugged and reattached his helmet before entering the airlock. All the aliens followed him into the airlock. He felt so small surrounded by the massive aliens, but kept his resolve. The airlock cycled and the outer door opened revealing the star filled blackness of space. 

John used his retro jets to maneuver out of the doorway and towards the Space station Venus/ He glanced behind him and confirmed that all the aliens were following him. He tried to see how they were maneuvering, but could see nothing. He could only assume that in addition to protecting them from the harshness of space, the devices on their back also provided directional guidance. 

With his helmet on, John began relaying the information to the council, "Hey everyone! It appears to be all good news. The ship that arrived appears to be full of mercenaries that came here to help us in our battle with the earth below. I explained to them that they are about a year too late and they were a little bit disgruntled. However, I think I see an opportunity here." 

"I really think we can provide rest, relaxation and recreation for the space going crew. I have yet to figure out if they can pay and what they can pay, but I think they might be interested. So I would like the Council to meet me in the airlock and we can greet our visitors. Next, I would like to show them around and maybe titillate them with some of the shows." 

"There is one minor difficulty, their looks. These aliens look more like devils than they do humans. There are approximately 7 foot tall with reddish skin and horns, but we might be able to strike some deals with them. So keep an open mind and let's see what transpires. Does anybody have any questions?" 

Nobody answered, so John disconnected the radio. After he turned off the radio John hoped that bringing the aliens into the Space Station was the right decision. 

Chapter 6 

John and the alien command structure all barely fit inside the airlock. A couple of larger aliens, for the lack of a better term, had to stoop to fit inside the airlock. As the inner airlock door opened, John saw the shocked look on several people's face when they saw the race of alien devils that were coming through the airlock. 

Most, quickly recovered and several rushed to identify themselves. However, John interrupted, "Bahati, may I present the ruling Council of the space station Venus Ascending." 

Ken, George and Mike all simultaneously stuck out their hand in a familiar greeting. Bahati, unfamiliar with the gesture, dropped his hand to the hilt of his sword. John immediately stepped between him and the Council. He tried to explain, "This is a greeting gesture, meant to show no weapon or ill will." 

Bahati nodded, removed his hand from the hilt of the sword and stuck it out mimicking their greeting. Ken, George and Mike were all a bit more tentative shaking hands this time, but they did and just as quickly jerked their hand back as if shocked. First Ken, then George and finally Mike all looked at their hands as they pulled them back from Bahati. Then all of them turned to give their visitor a tour of Venus. 

Ken sidled up to John and whispered, "Their skin was rough, hot and seemed to have an electrical charge. I felt an electrical tingle during our handshake." John stashed this fact in his memory and tried to stay back and see if he could figure out how to read these aliens. While their look was very devilish and evil, but they seemed interested in the space station. They all seemed very stoic and didn't show any expressions. The first lounge they came to was the Medieval room and he thought he detected a modicum of interest from Bahati. 

He couldn't be sure if it was a raised eyebrow, a facial twitch or tightening of the hand, but something seemed different. The command group broke apart and began examining all of the medieval torture implements that decorated the room. They were definitely interested in these implements. 

The Medieval room show had a tall blonde tied to a St. Andrews cross while the dungeon master removed her clothes with the whip. While the rest of the command structure studied all of the medieval torture implements Bahati began slowly walking towards the stage. He was obviously very interested in the show or maybe just the svelte blonde that was slowly being revealed by the whip. 

The crowd of Venus tourists gasp and murmured among each other as this devilish creature walked towards the stage. He walked like he was stalking prey and suddenly the room seemed to feel very warm. The crowd became deathly still as everyone waited to see what was going to happen. The bound blonde's head swiveled to watch Bahati come towards her and she didn't seem scared, only curious. She didn't seem to mind being his prey, but her eyes betrayed her interest in being the devils victim. 

Bahati did not seem to notice the crowd and his laser like focus seemed to be on the blonde currently on stage. John began to notice of thickening of something underneath his loincloth as he moved towards the stage. The room began to feel and smell like sex while the remaining alien command structure stood watching their leader take what they all wanted. 

The Dungeon master stopped the show as he noticed this devil-like creature advancing on him. Likewise, the gorgeous blonde couldn't take her eyes off of this red horned creature that was progressing towards her. Bahati never ask for permission, but mounted the stage and stopped in front of the gorgeous blonde woman. He began taking off the remnants of her clothes and caressed her almost gently. Her body arched off of the cross and into his hot, electrical caresses. Her eyes drooped and she moaned as he continued his fondling of her breasts. 

John wasn't sure if the blonde's reactions were due to the devilish creature caressing her or if it had to do with his hot, rough and electrically charged skin. Whatever it was, the blonde's reactions were exceedingly pleasurable and she seemed to crave more. 

The blonde was one of the original Venus showgirls and was 5'7" with large double D breasts. Still, next to the large devilish looking alien she appeared small and petite. Bahati's hands engulfed her breasts as he stroked her nipples and the blonde's moans became louder and more pronounced. She was obviously enjoying his attentions, but everyone else in the audience was stunned into silence. 

While one hand stayed on her breasts the other caressed down her muscled belly and stroked the womanly cleft between her legs. Whatever he was doing she seemed to enjoy very much as her hips tilted forward begging for more. His long, thick fingers slid inside her and she responded with a deep breathy moan while a shutter rippled across her skin. 

John wasn't sure how to approach this new development. Should he tell Bahati that he was out of line or let the show go on as written? On the other hand, the crowd seemed to love the new developments and the actress on stage also seemed to love the attention. So should he let Bahati continue with his molestation of the blonde on the stage? Since the purpose of Venus was entertainment he decided to not interfere and see what happened. 

As Bahati's fingers continued stroking the bound blondes gushing pussy, his other hand dropped from her mauled breasts, reached down and undid his loincloth. As his loincloth dropped to the stage the audience gasp collectively as his cock was revealed. His cock was large, but in proportion to the rest of his body. However, since he was massively muscled and over 7 foot tall, that made his cock monstrously thick and large. 

As his cock hardened, the audience murmured and John began to doubt his decision to let the show go on. The writhing blonde bound on the stage, seemed to relish the attention and tilted her hips as far she could begging for his cock. Bahati withdrew his fingers and stepped forward advancing is now steely hard truncheon towards his victims gushing pussy. 

The whole room took on an air of hot steamy sex. It felt like the devilish seduction of a helpless beautiful blonde. It reminded John of the scene in King Kong when the giant ape took the bound helpless beauty. Except this time everyone knew this devilish creature was going to fuck the helpless blonde without mercy. He scanned the audience and he could tell they were feeling it too. 

Several of the women were writing on their husbands cock as they both watched the spectacle in front of them. Several couples were fucking with the woman bent over the table, but both made sure they were facing the erotic scene in front of them. The room smelled like sex and there wasn't a soul in the room that was unaffected by the panorama. 

The minute the head of Bahati's cock slid between the lips of the blonde's pussy, her body arched as though a high voltage jolt had struck her. Her eyes flew wide open, seemingly astounded with the heat and the girth entering her. Her jaw dropped as she took a deep shuddering breath. The deep quivering breath thrust her trembling breasts and turgid nipples towards the monster that was pleasing her bound form. 

Bahati drove his cock deep into the willing body of the bound, svelte blonde. One hand palmed her ass and pulled forcing his cock deeper inside her, while the other hand mauled her breasts. The blonde threw her head back as her body shuddered with hot electrically charged passion from Bahati's cock deep inside her. She let out a half moan, half scream as his cock reached places that had never been plundered deep inside her. 

At the same time she struggled in erotic anguish as an explosive orgasm seized her bound form. Her thunderstruck eyes stayed wide open and a banshee like scream of passion exploded from her throat. Her whole body trembled and flushed a brilliant crimson as a massive orgasm steamrolled through her body. It was obvious from her unbridled reactions that she had never experienced anything like the fucking Bahati was about to deliver. 

Bahati continued to drive his cock inside his helpless victim as her bound form shook powerlessly against his onslaught. The tendons on her arms and legs strained against her bonds, while the cords in her neck erupted against her skin in her now breathless scream. Her body seemed to be trying to get away, but at the same time seizing in the explosive throes of unleashed passion. 

John had never seen a fucking like this. The bound blonde was used to being fucked and used in the various shows, but her body was convulsing out of control with the blistering, pulsating anguish inside her. Despite himself, John felt his cock harden in his pants. Likewise, he saw most of the other council members squirming with erotic passion beside him. 

The bound blonde's eyes seemed devoid of any thought and she was stripped of any ability to fight the white-hot torment inside her. Bahati grabbed her around the waist and began to thrust even harder and deeper inside her. Her body convulsed in uncontrolled spasms of orgasmic exultation. The desperate erotic spasms controlled her form now and she had lost control of her body. John was convinced she would've fallen to the floor if she hadn't been bound to the St. Andrews cross.  

Bahati sped up his jackhammer like fucking of the blonde and her orgasmic writhing became uncontrolled hysterical spasms. The blonde's eyes popped open even wider, her mouth fell open and she screamed again. Her body trembled and shook, just before her eyes rolled back in her head and she passed out. 

Bahati continued thrusting into the limp woman hanging from the St. Andrews cross. After a few more thrusts he froze with his orgasmic cock buried deep inside the sagging wilted blonde. When he was obviously finished with his orgasm he pulled his cock out of the lifeless blonde without so much as a kiss or caress. Almost immediately her well used and gaping pussy began to leak copious amounts of a green alien seminal fluid. 

He put his loincloth back on walked back to where John was standing. He left the blonde hanging limp from her bonds on the St. Andrews cross. The dungeon master rushed over to release her from her bonds and tend to Bahati's victium. He picked up her limp body and cradled her in front of the audience. 

Bahati's second-in-command, Zane, began to walk towards the blonde. John had to jump in now and put his arm out to stop him from continuing to the stage. Zane's hand flew to his sword and had it out of his scabbard heading towards John's head when Bahati shouted to him. Zane's sword stopped just short of John's head, but his eyes were looking towards his commander. 

The dungeon master saw what went on and immediately ran off the stage carrying the limp blonde. 
