 I apologize for the delay in this segment of the story. I dislike people that have long delays between chapters. Unfortunately, real life and jobs sometime interfere and that is the case here. The next segment will also be delayed, but hang in there they are coming as soon as I can.

This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. 

OuPa99

*****

Chapter 18

John had too many questions and not enough answers. He was missing the main motives and really didn't even know what the alien endgame was. Of course the biggest problem might be that he couldn't think like an alien. He was thinking like a human being and couldn't think like an alien.

For a moment, John pondered whether any of the scientists could shed a light on alien thinking. He knew some of them would take their best shot, but no one had any real experience in dealing with aliens. Still having them present during his meetings with Bahati might shed some light on alien thinking.

John went back to the hospital and corralled all the scientists. Once he had them gathered together he asked, "I need two of you to help me deal with our aliens. I don't know why they're here, where they're headed, or even if they're telling me the truth and I need someone to help me. Here's also a list of scientists that just arrived to study the aliens. I need to keep all of your egos out of this and I need the top two scientists that can help me with the aliens."

The scientists took the list from John and they huddled around talking in hushed tones. One of the scientists turned the list around said, "These two are the top guys in the field of alien studies. Doctors' Huddleston and Thornberry would be your best bet and they are in the group that just arrived."

John took the list and replied, "Does anyone here know these two doctors?" The scientist that had been holding list raised his hand. John looked intently at him and responded, "Then could you do me a huge favor? Go find them and brief them about everything that you been doing here plus all the problems with the women hostages. Then you or someone escort them to the Council conference room."

The scientist nodded and left the room. John turned to go see Lisa just as Doctor Jamison put his hand on his arm. "Let me give you a quick update on the nanites." They walked towards Lisa's room slowly as Doctor Jamison continued, "They seem to continually adapt to their host and the nanites we gleaned from the hostage women are much further along in their adaptation process. In other words the women are getting better."

"Now for the bad news. All you need to be infected by these nanites is to be touched by someone that has them. In other words, you are already infected, as are pretty much the entire medical staff and anyone that has touched an infected woman or an alien. One nanite begins to multiply exponentially as soon as it has a new host."

John stopped dead in his tracks and looked at Dr. Jamison. He stood with his mouth agape before he recovered and said, "Have you tested everyone?"

Doctor Jamison stared back at John and responded, "We've tested all the medical staff and they are all infected. While we haven't tested you or the rest of the Council, the symptoms are there."

John stood for a second contemplating the ramifications. Very soon, the nanites would infect the entire space station. Likewise, any visitors would be infected and carry the infection back to earth. On earth, the infection would spread like a plague and as soon the entire plant would be infected. John shook his head trying to clear the ramifications from his head concentrate on the task at hand.

John turned to Doctor Jamison asked, "So what are these symptoms?"

Doctor Jamison punched John and the arm and responded, "In both male and female the body becomes lean and muscular. I'm sure you noticed that any fat that you might have had is gone. The optimal body fat programmed into these nanites is approximately 8%. All the males are much more aggressive and belligerent, while females are much more seductive and amorous. Oh, and at least in the beginning you will find that your appetite has increased dramatically."

John had to admit all of those symptoms fit him. He suddenly had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. Almost everyone on Venus had been in contact with an alien or someone that had been in contact with an alien. That meant that they were all slaves to the alien nanites.

John took a deep breath and asked, "Well Doc, it looks like they have us behind the 8 ball. Do you guys have any kind of solution?"

Doctor Jamison looked sheepish and responded, "Without the alien gizmo to control these nanites we are just shooting in the dark. We have some pretty smart guys so our shots in the dark might actually work, given enough time. However, time is something we don't have a lot of."

John knew what he needed to do and in a low but determined voice said, "Thanks Doc for all you guys are doing. Keep working, but I have to go talk to Bahati." He turned away and began his trek to the council chambers.

His walk to the council chambers was a long a lonely one. He felt as if the world rested on his shoulders and in a way it did. He was the only person that could negotiate with Bahati and the only that could end this pandemic. 

Chapter 19

When John arrived at the council chambers Bahati was already there. John had started to read the alien's posture and facial expressions and Bahati looked somehow defeated. Instead of the erect military posture, he was slumped in his chair with his face looking drawn and tired. John felt exactly the same way Bahati looked and was about to say so, but thought better of it.

John stood across the table from Bahati and asked, "Can I get you anything to eat or drink?"

Bahati looked thoughtful for a second and then responded, "I have come to enjoy the drink you call coffee."

John went to the wet bar at the end of the chambers and poured Bahati and him a cup of coffee. He filled an urn with coffee and carried the pitcher and two cups to the table. After he delivered the beverage to Bahati he sat across from him and both enjoyed a sip of the best coffee in the world.

John knew the phrase in negotiations 'He who speaks first loses', but decided to speak first anyway, "We have some major problems we need to address. Bahati we have the chance to have a great and mutually beneficial relationship, but we must be honest and truthful with each other. If I may be blunt I would like to ask you a question that has been bothering me. I know why you originally came, but why are you still here?"

Bahati looked stunned for a second, "We are still here because you offered your hospitality. In addition, you offered us work on your entertainment staff."

John was trying to control his temper and spoke in very calm terms, "So you always treat hospitality by infecting your hosts with nanites? Why are the women on board your spaceship infected with totally different nanites than those on board this space station? Why are you trying to abscond with a large number of women from this space station?" John stood, paced back and forth behind his chair, before he slammed his fist on the table and demanded, "Tell me what's really going on here!"

Bahati jumped out of his chair, drew his sword and stood by the table ready to defend himself. When John didn't make a move to attack, he began to relax, but only a little.

John got the kind of reaction that he wanted. He wanted Bahati take his negotiations seriously and even make him a little nervous. John decided to lay it out on the table, "If you are not honest with us, and we need you to leave. However, we cannot let you leave until your doctors show us how to control, modify or even kill the nanite's."

John figured he had done enough talking and wanted to hear some responses from Bahati. He sat in his chair with his arms crossed and waited. Bahati watched John, withdrew communications device from his pocket, said a few words and then sat back in his chair. Both stared at each other with Bahati's sword still in his hand and pointed at John.

John fists clenched in anger as he thought of Lisa and all the others that were in pain because of these aliens. He felt his strength gathering, ready for a fight. He started up from his chair and like a thunderbolt the thought struck him ... These were the nanites. The nanites had increased his strength, shortened his temper, but also made him into a more warlike opponent for the aliens.

John looked over at Bahati, still in his chair and he was coiled, ready to spring. He knew what John was thinking and he was ready for combat. As Bahati stood from his chair, John realized that he was fully armed. His staff weapon was leaning against the wall behind him in some kind of weapons were strapped around his waist.

Their plan was suddenly so very clear. The nanites were not for the women, but for the men. These were warriors and if they couldn't find a war, they would start one. The nanites in the women would spread to the men, increasing their strength and making them more belligerent. The men would become aggressive being protective of their women and their home.

First skirmishes, then full-fledged hostilities would break out. The alien warriors would have their combat and afterwards they would have the spoils of battle. John had been so wrong about the aliens. They still wanted the women as their compliant slaves, but they wanted to take them as plunder from their war.

John relaxed all of his muscles and slowly stood from the chair. He did not want to give Bahati any excuse for combat, so he slowly moved towards the door. Once John had positioned himself for a quick exit, he created a conference call with the entire counsel of Venus. With his eyes glued to Bahati he gave orders warm up all external plasma cannons and lasers, then aim them at the alien ship. He made sure that Bahati was listening as he continued, "In addition, any groups of aliens that headed for Venus will not be allowed to board. If they persisted in trying to board, they will be destroyed with the plasma cannons."

Everyone on the phone was asking what had happened and why John was making these rash moves. He explained his theory to everyone and soon everyone on the phone was quiet and contemplating their future. Bahati gave him a look of respect and then talked into his communication device.

John looked at Bahati and asked, "Are we going to have a war or are we going to negotiate? Whichever you choose, we are ready for you."

Bahati laughed as Zane and Hati came through the door. Both were armed just as Bahati, with a staff weapon and weapons on a belt around her middle. John regretted not having any weapons, but was determined to protect Lisa and all of Venus to the death. He had not disconnected the conference call, so he let everyone know what was going on, "Bahati, Zane and Hati are all in the conference room and all are armed. I will leave the line open and if you don't hear from me assume hostilities have begun and open fire on the alien ship!"

Bahati and Zane bristled at John's threats and gripped their staff weapon pointing it at John. Hati however, raised his hands in mock surrender and said, "Governor McKinney, we are only armed for defensive purposes and for the time being only wish to talk."

John glanced at Bahati and Zane and they seemed unmoved by Hati's conciliatory tone. Their weapons were still pointed at him and their looks told him they were ready to use them. Hati said something in a sharp tone and Bahati and Zane lowered their weapons.

John was really confused. Why was the captain and first mate of a ship obeying Hati's orders and who was he? Therefore, he asked, "What is your rank and why are you here?"

Hati turned to John and injected, "I am a representative of our ruling council. Captain Bahati is in charge, but I can provide guidance or even override him if necessary. Can we all sit down and talk?"

All the aliens sat in chairs and each poured coffee from the pitcher in the middle of the table. John put his phone on the table and sat in a chair across from Bahati. He sat quietly looking at the three aliens, waiting for them to say something.

Hati spoke first, "Bahati told us your theories and you were correct. We are warriors and we came here to fight. We still wanted a fight, even when your fight was over. When we saw your women and mated with them, we thought they were your weakness. However, we soon discovered that they were your strength and not you're failing. We devised our plan, because we knew you would fight to protect everything of value to you and that was your property and women."

"What we never counted on was that your women possess incredible splendor and deep enticing passion. Therefore, we soon discovered that your women had beguiled us and we from Ankuj would fight to process your women. My mating with the woman called Nathalie still beckons me and I would battle to have her again."

"A large number of our crew feel the same as Bahati and Zane. They wish to fight the protectors of this space station and take the women as the spoils of war. There is a much smaller faction, which would enjoy mating your women as part of your entertainment. A war could be very satisfying, but we've already lost three warriors and would likely lose many more."

John saw where Hati was going with this and when he paused John immediately leapt in, "We just finished one war and do not want to start another. We also think that your warriors fit very well with our entertainment, and would like you to stay on. However, the women of Venus must willing participants, and the use of nanites must be stopped or regulated."

"As you have discovered our women are warriors too and that's what makes their submission to their lover so very special. The nanites are slowly changing our women and soon they will destroy what makes them so very special. If we can control or destroy the nanites and I don't believe we will have any more issues. Our women will even be free to travel to and from your ship, but it must be their choice."

Hati, Bahati and Zane huddled on the other side of the table. From their body language, it was obvious that Zane wanted to go to war and take what he wanted. Hati and Bahati could see the logic of John's argument and were trying to find another way. Ultimately, consolatory wasn't working so Bahati ordered Zane to get the doctors and have them show the human doctors how to really deal with the nanites.

As Zane left, Hati turned to John and said, "Would it be possible to see Nathalie?"

John quickly responded, "Not until we get this nanite issue under control. After that, it will be up to her. She will be free to do anything she wants with you or not with you ... it's up to her."

John filled his coffee cup and took another sip. With the coffee cradled in his hands John asked, "So what is your plan? Should we hammer out all the details or wait until the nanites are taking care of?"

Bahati and Hati glanced at each other then Hati responded, "Many of our crew are anxious to mate again with their human females. As I have said, I wish to be with Nathalie again as soon as possible, so let us begin negotiations."

John called in the rest of the Council and for the rest of the afternoon they pounded out agreements on what aliens could and could not do. The council made sure the aliens understood women's rights on the station and that they are in charge of their own lives. They also discussed the alien's payments when entertaining and cost of goods when they were on the station.

While the other members of the Council were negotiating with the aliens, John made a trip to the hospital. John was almost desperate to hold Lisa in his arms and tried to bypass all the nurses and doctors. Unfortunately, Doctor Jamison saw him as he entered the hospital and enthusiastically pulled him aside. 

Doctor Jamison had a big smile on his face and gleefully said, "The alien doctors have only been here for a half an hour, but now we know what to do! We can control the nanites to keep people healthy, removed the nanites or set up a barrier where others can't be infected. It's a breakthrough of monumental proportions and the nanites will revolutionize medicine."

Doctor Jamison excitedly began working on his patients while John rushed back to see Lisa. The minute John entered the room Lisa jumped into his arms, wrapping her arms and legs around him and smothering him in kisses. With the untamed nanites ruling their bodies, neither could resist passions wildly stimulating call.

Lisa's arousal had been inflamed for hours and the site of John made it burst into a white-hot passion. As she aggressively attacked John with her mouth, she rubbed ardently distended nipples and rapturously wet pussy against John's body. She was desperate to have the man she loved inside her and frantic to achieve the Nirvana that she knew he could give her.

While Lisa was aggressively feminine, John was powerfully masculine. He gave a low growl and began shredding her hospital gown forcefully getting to the body underneath. Within seconds she was naked and John threw her on to the bed. With his mouth and one hand he plunged towards her attacking her inflamed body. With his other hand began frantically ripping off his clothes.

John aggressively explored every erogenous zone that Lisa had. His mouth aggressively licked, sucked and nipped while his hand caressed, tweaked, pinched and spanked her body. For Lisa, John seemed to be everywhere, touching, kissing and stroking all the parts of her body that were desperate for his love. She moaned and whimpered as she arched her body into his insistent lovemaking.

By the time John had stripped off all of his clothes Lisa's hips were lifted off the bed in a gravity defying arch as her second orgasm ripped through her. Her fingernails clawed at John trying to get him between her legs and when his nanite engorged cock split her pussy lips she let out a banshee like scream of ecstasy.

Lisa writhed in blissful anguish as orgasm after orgasm tore through her impassioned body. She arched her hips into John's vigorous thrusts inside her, resulting in explosions of pure rapture. Lisa felt as though her body was being ripped apart by an ecstasy tornado and she never wanted it to stop.

John had never felt so masterfully in control. His cock was larger than it had never been as he pounded into his wife's buttery slot and powered against her cervix. His fingers tweaked her clit as his teeth nipped on her nipples. In this moment he felt like a God giving ecstasy to the woman he loved. It seemed he could make her cum at will and keep her cumming for as long as he wanted.

He watched as her eyes stayed wide open in an unbelieving thousand-yard stare. Her mouth hung open whimpering, moaning and screaming as unbridled bliss controlled her body. Her fingernails were clawing at his back trying to get him deeper inside her, while her stomach and hips convulsed in constant blazing ecstasy

Lisa was bucking like a wild rodeo mustang trying to throw him off, but her arms and legs pulled him deeper into her sensually electrified body. Her body's surging undulations threatened to disrupt his forceful manliness and he stretched her arms above her head in an attempt to control her gluttonous thrashing. Now he had her bound in a position where he could claim her in a primitive mating dance.

As he pulverized her pussy and crushed her clit against his body, she began shaking as though someone had plucked her into a wall socket. He watched in amazement as her eyes rolled back in her head and stayed there until she fainted. At that moment, his gallant manliness exploded in his head and his heart.
