 I apologize for the delay in this segment of the story. I dislike people that have long delays between chapters. Unfortunately, real life and jobs sometime interfere and that is the case here. The next segment will also be delayed, but hang in there they are coming as soon as I can. 

This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99 

***** 

Chapter 13 

Bahati's behavior made John realize that the creation of sex slaves was the alien's new plan. They may have come to Venus as mercenaries, but they quickly morphed into slavers. Whatever, these aliens are, they are capitalists and after the almighty dollar or whatever currency they desired. In addition, they have no compassion or remorse for their use and abuse of other beings. They are the devils that their appearance portrays. 

With that thought John knew more women would be kidnapped tonight and held on board the alien ship as potential sex slaves. Obviously the market for slaves must be very lucrative and these aliens knew all about other world markets. 

He called Dominic, "I just had a talk with Bahati and I know more slaves will be taken tonight. We need to reinforce all airlocks tonight and make sure to stop all women. In addition, now that I have confronted Bahati they may try to leave orbit very soon and we need to find a way to get our women back." 

Dominic was silent on the phone for a couple of seconds before he responded, "What can we do? We don't have the kind of weapons we need to fight these guys!" 

John sighed and responded, "We need to get our revolutionary council together and come up with some ideas ... quickly! Dominic, try to get everybody together in the Council conference room within the hour." 

During his walk to the hospital all John could think about was Lisa. Right now he wanted to grab Lisa and Erika and hideout in a little Riverside cabin somewhere in the deep woods of earth. All he really wanted to do was build things, while loving his wife and daughter. Now he was stuck in outer space with an alien mercenary race intent on enslaving as many women as they could. He had to find a way out, because they would lose in a shooting war. 

As John walked through the hospital doors one of the nurses gasp and dragged him into one of the treatment rooms. John was little confused until he looked into a mirror and saw all of the blood that had trickled onto his shirt. Apparently the cut that Bahati gave him was a little deeper than he originally thought. 

One of the doctors came into the room and helped the nurse clean and close the wounds. John looked them work but his mind was elsewhere. He was still trying to figure ways to save the people on Venus from a belligerent alien race. The nurse roused him from his thoughts and told him that they were done with his wound. 

John hopped off the table and went to the back lab where all of the scientists and doctors were working. As he walked in he knew the news was bad because they all had frustrated looks on their faces. 

Doctor Johnson saw John walk in and gathered the scientists around him to brief John. In a somber tone he began, "Well John, we've tried cleaning the blood with a little bit of success. We tried different sizes of micron filters and even activated charcoal. We did clean the blood; however, many of the nanite's were already embedded in tissue. So as long as they were in the body they began replicating again, soon the body and the blood were massively infected again." 

Doctor Jamison piped in saying, "We have lots of nanite's to run tests on now, but we've only begun trying to figure out how to kill them. So far we have no way to kill the nanite's when they're still inside the body and that's the key. We determined that we will never be able to get all of the nanite's out of body and have to concentrate on killing them while there still inside." 

He continued, "We've also found additional complications. The nanite's are changing the hormonal structure of the women, turning them into the female version of these alien beings. Their skin tone is taking on a reddish hew and the women are becoming more aggressive." 

Doctor Harcourt chimed in, "We have set up twenty-four hour shifts and have everybody that has any kind of scientific or medical background working on this issue. The staff is divided into three areas, the first area being how to kill the nanite's both in and outside the body. The second area is looking into the changes in the body and making sure we can reverse those changes. We are also hoping they will give us clues on how to kill them. The third group is still trying to see if there's an efficient way to rid the body of the nanite's." 

There was silence in the room for a second until finally Doctor Harcourt stated what all the scientists were thinking, "We've actually made great strides looking at this technology. However, the technology is so far ahead of us, our progress still limited. We are not going to let you and the people of Venus down. We're going to keep working until you have a solution, but I'm sorry John we don't have one yet!" 

John looked at everyone gathered in the room and he knew they were doing their best. He fixed everyone with his intense gaze and softly said, "I'm very impressed with how far you've gotten in such a short period of time, but time is something we don't have an abundance of. I just came from a meeting with Bahati and this is what I got for my efforts." John pointed to the recently closed wound on his neck. 

"I have come to the conclusion that our alien friends are going into the slaver business. All of these nanites are to control their sex slaves and make them easier to control, because they crave sex with then aliens. I don't know anything for sure, but I suspect that things are going to move fast and they are going to try and load up their ship with slaves and leave. So that is what I meant when I said we don't have a lot of time." 

"Please work as hard and fast as you can. Everyone else of Venus is going to work at stopping any more abductions and getting back those that are being held on the alien ship. So good luck, get back to work and please let me know when you have anything that can help." 

John saw the look of determination return to the doctors faces as he turned and left. He wandered down the hall to check in on Nathalie and found her satiated but still twitching in her sexual delirium. John expected to find Lisa in Nathalie's room, but the nurse told him that she had left for her dancing shift at the Westworld room. 

"Shit! Lisa will be dancing during the alien orgy." John ran out of the hospital room to find Lisa. 

It didn't take John long to reach the Westworld room and he found exactly what he expected to find. Before he even entered the suite he could hear the passionate screams of women in the throes of orgasmic bliss. As he entered the doorway the smell of sex assaulted him and his eyes beheld a wriggling mass of alien and human bodies. The sexual women tourists were getting exactly what they came for. 

The first couple he saw, the alien held her legs wide and bent her in half as he buried himself deep inside his human host. The woman's mouth was open in a breathless scream, while her eyes wide open in a surprised, yet unseeing stare. Her muscles were knotted and her body responded spasmodically to the relentless fucking. She seemed to have trouble catching her breath with rapturous alien pounding stole her gasps of air. 

Behind them an alien was lying on his back the young beauty straddling his form and bouncing up and down on his cock. Her mouth was open in a banshee like scream with her head back and her mouth pointed towards the ceiling. Her long blonde hair swung down to her ass twirling with the intensity of their sex. John noticed the alien's large hands engulfed her tiny waist as he lifted her up and down, impaling her on his cock. Her body was overwhelmed with orgasmic spasms as the alien continued his unrelenting fucking. 

John used the light gravity to bounce over couples on the floor and he came to a couple on a table. The alien had tied an alabaster skinned redhead to the table freeing his hands to maul her pendulous breasts. He used her breasts as handles while he thrust his large cock inside her. Her white skin flushed a bright red as a colossal orgasm wracked her body. As John watched the abused redhead convulsed in orgasmic rapture and then passed out. 

All around him the aliens were taking every woman to the edge of orgasmic sanity. It didn't matter what the positions they were in, but every woman was experiencing of bliss she had never known. Of course John, knew much of the orgasmic bliss was the result of the nanite's and the aliens were using them to enslave these women. 

John pried his eyes away from all the rippling bodies and looked for his Lisa. As he looked around he noticed some of the aliens that had finished round one were grabbing the dancers for round two. He frantically looked around for Lisa and finally saw her draped over the shoulders of an immensely large alien. In a panic John began bounding over all the writhing bodies trying to get to his Lisa. 

John saw Lisa trying to fight the alien, but it was a lost cause with him been three times her size. He was focused on getting to Lisa and ran into several aliens in his single-minded focus to get to his love. The alien made quick work of Lisa's tiny costume and within seconds she was totally naked. John had no idea how he was going to stop this monster, but he had to try. Lisa was still fighting him until he slid his hand between her legs and his finger inside her. 

John ran full force into the back of the alien, but it was like he was hitting a rock and he bounced off. At least the alien noticed and pulled his hand from between Lisa's thighs and turned to confront the new threat. John screamed, "She's mine leave her alone!" 

After the translation had been made it the alien laughed, grabbed her firmly in one arm and responded, "Then come and take her from me!" 

John used the low gravity and bounced into the alien with his fists swinging. His fists connected with the aliens jaw and John felt like he may have broken his hand. He bounced off and the alien pushed him so hard that John flew 10 feet into another alien. As John landed he noticed one of the alien's swords lying on the ground while he was obviously enjoying a woman's pleasure. He grabbed a sword and rushed to confront the alien holding Lisa. 

As John rushed towards the alien with sword in hand his face lost look of arrogance. He dropped Lisa and took up a fighting stance ready to confront John. John saw Lisa scramble away and he pulled up short of striking the alien. He had no desire to get into a fight's devilish monsters, but he had to save Lisa and now she was safe. 

John was brandishing the sword when he heard a loud shout come from behind him, "HOLD!" 

He turned to see Bahati striding towards him. As he got closer he shouted, "What is going on here?" 

John took a step back so that he could see both his antagonist and Bahati. He pointed to Lisa and then he addressed Bahati's question, "This is my wife and my woman! This member of your crew was trying to have his way with her. I will not let that happen!" 

Bahati's laughter roared and then he responded, "You would fight this warrior for your woman? Even though you know you would lose." 

John looked defiant even though he felt the sweat running down his back. He felt as though he was being setup, but he responded, "On our world when you take a mate for life you must defend her, even when the odds are not in your favor."  

The mirth left Bahati's eyes and he grew serious, "That is the same on our world as well. This warrior did not know that this woman was yours and he will relinquish her. Return the sword and leave with your woman." 

The still naked Lisa ran over and put her arms around John. John handed the sword hilt first to Bahati, wrapped his arm around Lisa and threaded his way through the writhing bodies to the exit. 

Chapter 14 

Lisa cuddled naked in John's lap still shaking from their confrontation with the aliens. John held her tightly caressing her silky skin as her fear washed through her. Lisa knew that she was seconds away from paying another one of the alien's sex slaves. She also knew John had saved her yet again. He took on a warrior twice his size in order to save her. No one had ever loved her like John did and her heart almost burst with love for this man. 

Lisa felt the fear began to wash away and desire took its place. John's caresses seemed to be lighting a fire inside her and Lisa began to squirm in his lap. She twisted in his arms until she could kiss her way to his lips and latched on with a desperate, desire laden kiss. Her nipples hardened as she squirmed against his shirt and her hips dry humped his leg. 

John felt her desire building and her skin seemed hotter than normal. As much is he wanted to make love to her, he was afraid she had been somehow infected by the alien nanites. He cradled her in his arms, went to the bedroom and wrapped her in a robe. After she was covered he held her gently in his arms as he carried her to the hospital. She wriggled erotically in his arms, kissing his face and it made it difficult to hang on to her and not respond to her loving attention. 

Lisa squirmed as the robe chafed against erotically charged skin. Her body seemed so highly sensitized that it reminded her of the sensitivity oil she used when she did the dance of the seven veils. Every touch of the robe sent shivers down her spine and gave her Goosebumps. She looked over at her love and the man that makes her life a living dream. She wanted him to make love to her and keep on making love to her. 

As John walked into the hospital and was stunned with the overflowing patients. A large number of the sexual tourists were lining the corridors in obvious sexual agony. John caught the eye of Doctor Jamison and carried Lisa into Nathalie's room. The doctor followed a minute later and with one look at Lisa he shook his head. However, he took a blood sample anyway to verify what he was seeing and then gave her a sedative. 

John laid Lisa on the bed with Nathalie and the two women automatically curled up with each other. He leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek and Lisa moaned his name in response. He caressed her cheek and stood giving Lisa a longing look, one that transmitted his undying love and his determination to mend her damaged body. He turned to Doctor Jamison and queried, "Any progress against the nanite's? It looks like you might be too busy to work on a cure." 

Doctor Jamison looked very tired, but at the mention of a cure his demeanor picked up. He looked thoughtful for a second and then responded, "Yes we've actually had several breakthroughs, but not a cure yet. We all wondered how something built for alien physiology could be affecting humans. With this new batch of patients we discovered that the nanite's are adaptive and change depending on the host they have been introduced too. So killing the nanite's may be more difficult than we thought." 

"We also found several types of nanite's, but we have yet to determine each type of nanite's functions. One really interesting thing that we have found is the levels of LH is off the charts. LH is almost 100 times normal levels and we think that's why women are insatiably horny. Unfortunately, every time we try and lower levels the nanite's kick in and raise them again." 

John held up his hand and asked, "What exactly is LH?" 

Doctor Jamison looked sheepish and said, "Sorry, LH stands for Luteinising Hormone and is secreted by the pituitary gland. It controls the production of sex hormones by the ovaries and would be a real breakthrough in treating women's lack of libido. It's been long suspected that LH is the hormone that controls women's desire, but we've never been able to increase the levels to test it. We've also seen corresponding increases in estrogen and testosterone, but not to the level we've seen in LH. We've also seen an increase in FSH which is the hormone that controls the formation of eggs and that part worries us." 

John looked startled and said, "You mean the women could be more fertile and become a baby factory?" 

"Not necessarily more fertile, but increase in the quality and number of eggs. The result would likely be the same and yes this could be a way to make a baby factory. John I want to stress that all of these results are extremely preliminary and I'm just giving you a rough overview. There are still lots of work to be done and were really not sure if it is the cause of the problem." Doctor Jamison concluded. 

John stood for a second his mind spinning in a hundred different directions, but finally he asked, "What's next and you think we can have some kind of cure in the near future." 

Doctor Jamison stared off into space for a few seconds, obviously choosing his words carefully. Finally he responded, "We're making breakthroughs almost every hour, but we have a lot of catching up to do. I can't give you any definitive timelines or even if we can find a cure, but I will tell you nobody sleeping until we do." 

John cast one last longing look towards Lisa and said a silent prayer for all the women to get better. John and Doctor Jamison walked back to the lab where everyone was working to see if there was any progress. Doctor Jamison had been on top of the latest developments and there was nothing else to report. 

John had one last question for Doctor Jamison, but it had nothing to do with the nanite's, "With Lisa under sedation and me trying to avert this crisis I need someplace safe for Erika. I know it's an imposition but I would feel safer if Erika could stay here. Do you think some of the nurses and doctors could find a spot to take care of Erika?" 

Doctor Jamison's face softened a little bit and he responded, "It would be our honor to take care of the first baby born in space. I will send one of the nurses with you to pick her up." 

John knew he had to get to the meeting that he himself had called of their revolutionary counsel, but Erika had to come first. The nurse followed him to his apartment and he relieved their nanny. He let her know that for the foreseeable future Erika would be staying in the hospital and she can help out with Erika there. Once Erika was safely in the arms of the nurse he quickly began his trek to the revolutionary counsel's conference room. When he arrived everyone was there and they even brought sandwich makings. The smell of food made John's stomach rumble and he realized he hadn't eaten in quite some time. 

As John began walking slowly to the buffet he asked Dominic fill everyone in on the alien activities. John made himself a Dagwood style sandwich, piled high with just about everything he could find. He got to the conference table with his food just as Dominic was finishing all the historical alien conditions. 

Dominic continued with the current updates, "We have been trying to make sure that no women leave Venus with the aliens. Unfortunately we have not been completely successful. We have had eight confrontations at airlocks and we have successfully stopped six women from being transported to the alien spaceship. Unfortunately, two women were successfully transported to the alien spaceship and I have eight men in the hospital." 

"Of the men in the hospital I have two broken arms and lots of cuts and bruises. I have one man in critical condition with a deep slash from those damn swords they keep. We have adapted our defensive techniques and we are taking advantage of cramped quarters. The aliens are so large that they have difficulty fighting in the cramped quarters of the airlocks. We still have roughly 30 aliens on board and were expecting more trouble as the night goes on." 
