 This is a sequel to Venus Ascending and continues the story. This story can stand alone, but it will make more sense if you read Venus Ascending. I appreciate any comments both on the previous story and its sequel. OuPa99

*****

Chapter 3

For the next couple of months most everything on Venus became routine. Now that all external breaches in the space station had been patched, the internal repairs could begin in earnest. All the engineering and maintenance staff worked extra hours to get the space station back in operation. Everyone knew that Venus was hemorrhaging money. Until the gambling and tourism picked up, there was a real possibility of going bankrupt.

The negotiations for Venus's sovereign status continued on earth at its slow languorous pace. With all of John's fellow managers getting more frustrated with each day. The daily calls started running long because all of the managers hungered for information about their new home. They wanted to know all the details about the repairs and wanted to make sure that all of their wish lists were being taken care of.

Lisa's tummy began to grow larger with each passing week and only joy of bringing their child into the world kept her sane. She was used to unceasing physical activity and now she felt fat and graceless. She continued to exercise as much as she could, but she was limited in what she could do. She felt clumsy and awkward as she walked through the space station. Only the light gravity gave bounce to her steps and made her feel the slightest bit light on her feet.

Lisa loved the creation of life inside her. The fact that John and her love had created this beautiful baby inside her was a miracle unlike anything she had ever witnessed. Still, she was ready for her body to quit growing into a very round shape. She was ready for her baby to be here and she desperately wanted to begin exercising and dancing again.

Her whole life had been dancing on stage and it felt odd not to be dancing in front of an audience. John had been the catalyst to help her get a feature dancer position instead of her normal secondary role now she was anxious to be a mother and also to get back to dancing. In addition, she wanted to get her figure back in shape, so she could tempt her love and Master.

During Lisa's entire life she had been judged by her face and figure. Her insecurities made her wonder how John could love somebody so round and fat. He had never shown her any inclination that he didn't love her as much now as when she was slim and sexy. However, everyone else in her life only wanted her body, never wanting to be with her if she gained a pound. Her beautiful face and flawless figure were the only reason people wanted her, until John came along.

She was ready to be a mother, to be a lover and to be her Master's temptress again.

Then as if a light switch had been tripped everything changed. Three things happened that changed the entire world on the sovereign space station Venus.

The first occurred on September 18, five days before Lisa's birthday, the first child ever conceived in space was also born in space. Erika Jaymes McKinney was 45 cm long and slightly less than 3 kg in weight. She was a small baby, but as far as John and Lisa were concerned she was the most perfect human being ever conceived. She seemed to have the best features of both of them and even the most hardened spaceman thought she was a gorgeous child.

Both Erika's parents held her as much as they could. Both of them seemed amazed that they had created this perfect little human being. Their sleep deprivation from all of the late night feedings left them tired, but still blissfully happy. With this tiny human being totally dependent upon them, both of them soon forgot what their life before Erika was all about. While Erika's birth had changed both of her parents, it also changed the world.

This glorious event also had many other unintended consequences. Earth's scientific community went crazy with the opportunity to examine the first child conceived and born in space. They wondered if her small birth size was due to living in space. They wanted to see if her brain or heart worked any differently. At first Lisa and John were very reluctant to have the scientific community touch their daughter. After some soul-searching, they thought it might not be a bad thing to have the world's greatest scientists making sure their daughter was in great health. So they relented, with a very strict set of guidelines.

Almost overnight Venus was filled with scientists and their technical nerds. This was a very different group of tourists, but the entertainment staff took it in stride. Most of the Scientists were not used to being surrounded by stunningly gorgeous men and women and took advantage of every opportunity. Since John and Lisa restricted all examinations to one day a week, the scientists and their staff had a lot of time to enjoy Venus. Suddenly Venus was becoming profitable again.

Watching all of the scientists and their reactions to the gorgeous models, free and open sex, drugs, BDSM, brought John back to his initial reaction when he arrived on Venus. Watching all the nerdy scientists gawking and tripping over themselves as beautiful men and women walked around scantily clad made him laugh. Still, these worst all customers in the entertainment staff took brilliant care of them.

John was sure there were several virginal men and women among the scientific staff that learned all about sex during their time on Venus. However, even those that weren't virgins learned a great deal about pleasure, pain and how they can combine into a euphoric experience.

All of them are here because of his daughter and he didn't take that for granted. Lisa and John made sure that any time someone was close to Erika one of them was always by their daughters side. In the reduced gravity Erika rolled over and even began crawling sooner than most children on earth did. While the scientists looked for other reasons John felt it was primarily because of the low gravity. Still, he let them all have their theories.

At the same time that Erika was being born the second event occurred. A group of investors bought a controlling share of Venus and just as suddenly all the negotiations ended. Venus was now the Sovereign Space Station Venus. They had an independent governing body elected by the residents of Venus. A police force was commissioned and they were mostly made of the former "Sewer Rats". John was made the first permanent Governor of Venus over his vehement protests. That made Lisa the first lady of Venus, a role she took very seriously.

All of the Engineering Managers that had been down on earth for the negotiations were finally able to come back to Venus. Unfortunately, they had to reacclimatize to the ¾ gravity and their staff teased them unmercifully as they bounced into the ceiling or fell to the floor. All the staff was very happy to be back working on engineering issues again. They all craved the logic of engineering and were glad to be away from political bickering and contracts.

One other consequence of being independent was the diversity in the entertainment staff. Previously all the entertainment staff had made very strict specifications and all wound up looking like Stepford clones. Most of the staff that left after the revolution was replaced with a very diverse group of men and women.

All of them were still exceptionally beautiful, but now you had a range of hair, eye and even skin color. One of the new arrivals was a gorgeous Latina named Nathalie. She was barely 5 foot tall with black hair and chocolate brown eyes. Like all the other entertainment staff she had an incredibly beautiful figure and boy could she dance. She was the perfect fit and took Lisa's position as the lead dancer for the dance of the seven veils.

Nathalie loved Lisa's dance interpretation and was anxious to learn from Lisa. She and Lisa spent a lot of time together going over all of the details of the dance. When Nathalie debuted, Lisa was there watching her dance and loved her interpretation, but was also turned on by her passion when she was fucked by the Sheik.

The two girls wound up becoming very close friends. Until Nathalie, Lisa had no female friends on Venus. The two spent a lot of time together and it only made Lisa more anxious to get in shape to dance again. In the meantime, they spent hours dancing, exercising and just having girl time.

Lisa began working out as soon as the doctors gave her permission. She wanted to begin dancing again and wear exotic clothing for all official Venus functions. After three months of brutal workouts and diets Lisa was almost at her pre conception weight and figure. Unfortunately she was never satisfied and continued to exercise and diet. Four months after Erika's birth she went back on stage as a feature dancer in the new Rockettes. Nathalie was there to watch her debut.

Lisa was so happy to be back on stage and even happier to be a feature dancer. Both John and Erika were in the back row watching Lisa dance her heart out. The smile on her face, as she danced, was all the affirmation John needed. He was used to her dancing for him, but now she was dancing for their daughter as well. That night Lisa gave herself lovingly to her master, husband and lover.

When Lisa arrived at their apartment, John had already put Erika to bed and was waiting for her when she opened the door. He scooped her up into his arms as she walked into the apartment, with his lips trailing erotic fire over her neck as he walked to the bed. Lisa gasp with his sudden demands and the eroticism of this moment stole her breath away.

Within moments John had stripped her naked and tied her to the bed, just as he did when he claimed her as his sub. He slowly began to kiss, nibble and caress every inch of her exposed body. While John slowly paid homage to the woman he loved, she had trouble catching her breath. The passions fire that he lit inside her left her gasping for breath and left her pleading for him to show her who her master was.

By the time John sucked her clit into his mouth Lisa was trembling, trying to keep from falling into her orgasmic depths. She pleaded with him to let her cum, but he just kept lashing her clit with his tongue. Lisa couldn't hold back anymore and her body exploded into a backbreaking arch as her cum swept her away. John kept her clit firmly in his lips, pushing her orgasm into a white-hot tsunami that swept her away.

It had been months since they made love like this and Lisa was flying as John once again took her to the unimagined heights of bliss. Only when Lisa felt like she was losing her mind did John stop, kneel between her legs and fill her with his cock. Lisa began to writhe as he pushed her orgasm into a scorching anguish she could scarcely recognize. Her mind was floating, all while her body was thrashing with blistering lust.

Only when he finally filled her with his creamy cum, did she slowly floated back to her body so tightly strapped to the bed. Her whole body was tingling as she slowly whispered, "Oh master, oh thank you my master!"

John looked down at her, kissed her and with a lopsided grin and said, "You were beautiful dancing tonight my love, and I loved watching you dance. However, you did cum without permission and we may have to find a suitable punishment for such a bad sub."

Lisa looked at the grin on his face and knew this would be a punishment she would treasure. She giggled and lifted her head for a kiss. After he kissed her she tittered and said, "I look forward to my master's punishment. Hopefully it will be sometime soon."

John continued to caress her and after he released her from her bonds, they cuddled together as they slept.

It was two days later that the third great event occurred.

A Starship almost as big as Venus suddenly appeared on radar and within an hour was parked outside Venus. The crowd gathered around portals to see what it was and the ship was bristling with weapons and armament. It seemed to have one purpose ... conquest.

 

Chapter 4

John was one of the people watching through his portal in the receiving bay and he had the same reaction as everyone else. Things were finally getting back to normal and now hostile aliens are here to conquer earth. He broke out in a sweat trying to figure out what to do. They could fight, but with the weapons pointed at them he knew that was a losing proposition. They couldn't negotiate, because there was no way they spoke any of the earth languages.

He jumped on his phone and quickly created a conference call with all the newly formed council. Everyone knew about the ship and most of them were at portals gawking at the new arrival. Everyone began talking at once and John tried shouting and whistling to create some order. It took several minutes for everyone to calm down and then John started the meeting.

"We need to know why they are here and what their intent is. Does anyone have any ideas how we can communicate with these beings?"

George spoke up, "We could try a multi phasic transmission with all the different earth languages, but who knows if it will work."

Everyone was silent for a moment. No one else seemed to have any suggestions so John nodded his head towards George and said, "Do it!"

While George began the configuration for the multiphasic transmissions, John brought the meeting back to order asking, "What should the message say?"

Everyone began speaking at once and John had to scream into the phone to create some kind of order. He took a deep breath and then began, "We don't have time for some long and drawn out question-and-answer session. So I suggest something relatively simple. Welcome to earth and how can we help you?"

Shawn spoke up quickly and added, "I agree with you that it should be something short and simple. I'm thinking about, What do you want?"

Ken immediately jumped in, "That sounds too harsh. With all the armament that ship has that could blow was out of the sky in a heartbeat. I suggest that we stick with John's suggestion and toss in a welcoming message."

The Council bickered back and forth for the next five minutes, but eventually settled on what John had said in the very beginning. John texted message to George and told him to transmit as soon as he had everything ready.

Several moments before George began his transmissions a message appeared on one of the communication screens. It was English, very short and succinct:

"We need to meet with your leader now!"

Since the words were in English they began sending messages back in English. They tried to discern what they wanted to talk about. No matter how much they tried, that was the only message received from spaceship.

After an hour of talking and wrangling, with both the internal government of Venus and the UN back on earth, everyone agreed that someone needed to meet with the aliens. The governor of Venus was chosen to be that person. John knew there was a reason why he didn't want the governorship of Venus and now it was abundantly clear why he should not have taken the job.

With all the decisions made John made his trek to the closest airlock. During his walk is brain was torn between what he would say to a new alien species and wanting to run away to spend his life with Lisa and Erika. He had always been a creature of duty and honor. So despite the fact that he had never been happier in his life with Lisa and Erika, he knew it was his duty to face the unknown.