 Dear readers, a cast of characters for this episodic may be found in my bio. Please feel free to ask questions if my descriptions are confusing. Your comments, questions, and reviews will help me improve my storytelling craft and bring forth world peace.

Previously:

Ileana and Karma discover that Karma's chains are perfectly designed for her and quite permanent. Ileana also apparently can be easily annoyed. We learned how Pet has been subdued in bondage and get an insight to her thoughts as an animal. Doctor Norost "measured" Maisie and Piper with a peculiar and invasive machine. Aife meets Slave Zeigh and decides to take her to help with her investigations into Karma's disappearance. Hank and his brothers Luke and Farley, Karma's abductors, have been drugged to forget what they have done.

Karma has been buried for 1 day, 3 hours, and 42 minutes.

****

0 - 0 - 1 - 03:42 - Ileana

When Ileana slithered her way through the portal and into the dark sarcophagus, the human woman was awake. She flinched and her muscles seemed to tense, but she made no sound or acknowledged that Ileana had arrived again in any way.

Ileana spread out a new collection of sedgling weeds and the air began to feel fresh again. She moved up until she was lying next to the human woman who seemed to be trying her hardest to keep calm. She was breathing with short bursts through her nose and her chest was expanding and contracting excessively with each breath.

"Deeper breathing," Ileana said, knowing that she was only goading her ward. "Breathe from your abdomen. You'll feel more relaxed that way."

The human's eyes flashed towards Ileana for a second - at least towards the sound of her voice - but she made no sound of acknowledgement.

"You are still following the script that all humans seem to follow. So, don't think that your silent treatment means anything to me," Ileana said. She placed her right hand softly against the woman's cheek causing her to flinch and grunt, but otherwise she remained passive. She was a very pretty human and her skin was soft. Ileana almost felt bad that she had been so mean during her last visit. It was for the best in the long run...

"I know that you are really mad at me right now," Ileana said. "In fact, generally, at this point in time the living buried start to blame me for their situation. They accuse me of being the one to bury them for some sort of sick entertainment. Believe me, I could think of an infinite number of things that I would rather do than lie here in this stagnating darkness absorbing your wastes and allowing you to suck on my boobs."

The human grunted sharply, angrily.

"You ARE blaming me, aren't you? Fuck! Stupid humans are all the same."

"Yeah? Fuck you!" the human said finally, choking out a quiet uncontrolled sob.

Ileana looked at the human's face slowly twisting between states of fear and anger and sadness. "Well, I have to admit that the chains holding you down really, actually help the situation." The human closed her eyes and turned away - what little she could. A tear slid down her cheek.

"Generally," Ileana continued, "the victim would become violent at this time. They would scratch at the lid of their coffin until their nails were ripped and fingers were bleeding. Then they would do the same to me - biting, pinching, punching, kicking. And I would just be trying to do my job - keep their stupid ass alive for another period of time. So, you should be thankful that whoever put you here likes you enough to chain you down. They have saved you a lot of pain."

"Are you enjoying tormenting me!" the human lashed out. 

Here we go, thought Ileana. "I am not telling you these things to torment you. I am telling you this because you are going to wonder about this at some point and so I am clearing the air as soon as possible. You must come to terms with your situation. The longer that you fight it, the more you will torment yourself."

The human woman was crying now. Ileana lay next to her and watched for a little while, then began to stroke the human's soft hair. She flinched when Ileana first touched her, but she did not complain.

Ileana continued to stroke her hair, watching her face in the darkness. Her features would begin to soften, but then her mouth would turn down in a slight frown. 

"Tell me what are you thinking about?" Ileana asked.

The woman shook her head back and forth a couple of times, but also opened her mouth as though to speak. Ileana gave her some time.

"Please don't hurt me," the woman whispered.

"I have no desire to hurt you," Ileana said. "I am here to keep you alive. The things that I do are supposed to make you more comfortable. They are supposed to take away your muscle cramps. Suspend your decay."

Tears began rolling down the woman's face again. Ileana was not sure why. She had thought that her words would be comforting.

"Yes... but last time you yelled at me and pulled my hair and choked me... I thought that you were going to kill me..."

"Well... that is a stupid thing to think, human," Ileana explained. "My job is to keep you alive."

The woman turned her face away from Ileana - what little she could - still crying. Ileana let her sob silently.

"Last time you said that your breasts hurt if I did not nurse from you," the human began. "How badly do they hurt?"

Ileana frowned considered her answer for a moment. Why would the human ask this question? She placed her hand on the woman's chin and carefully turned her face back towards her own. The woman did not resist, but her breathing began to increase again. Her eyes were open and darting slightly back and forth, blindly. Ileana saw fear in her face. And perhaps despair?

Was the human going to threaten not to nurse? Would she be so stubborn that she would suffer the hunger and muscle cramps that would occur if she were not to nurse? Ileana could lie and indicate that only this human woman would suffer...

"They begin to ache when I feel that it is time for you to nurse again. Then, if my ward does not nurse, the pain becomes worse... sharper somehow. It becomes impossible to ignore... for a while." The human woman lay quietly, listening. "Sometimes it is bad enough that I have to manipulate myself... to lactate... It would be better to slowly wean, but it never works out way. My sessions with humans always end, for some reason unknown to me, abruptly."

Ileana waited for the human woman to consider this information...

"I want to live," the human said. "Please let me nurse..."

0 - 0 - 1 - 07:57 - Pet

The Fierce One dragged on Pet's chain forcing her to crawl back towards the moving cave where her kennel was kept - where the Alpha was. The Fierce One had long white hair, a gaunt face, and light brown coverings that were stiff and tough, but they smelled really good. The Fierce One would probably be pretty hard to dominate. Pet would have to use more cunning, less brute force.

They had wrapped something around Pet's knees that protected them from the hard rocks and gravel she had to crawl across. Her ankles had been secured to her thighs preventing her from standing like all the other creatures that were scurrying about between moving caves and colorfully painted animal skins draped over poles. 

As evening had begun to settle, the moving caves had come to a stop in a valley with steep rocky cliffs. Pet could see fires burning in several locations up on the cliff tops with tenders carrying various implements design specifically for the delivery of pain. She wondered if perhaps there was a good cave in which to take shelter within the stone walls. She couldn't see any signs of one. She did not think that attacking the Fierce One would get her very much, particularly with her legs restrained as they were. The others would catch her fairly quickly. Besides, she hadn't been abused in any way, except for being bounced around in a small cage all day. At least not so far. And the Alpha seemed to be nice. Pet felt some thread of loyalty to her for some reason.

Still, Pet did not appreciate how the Fierce One was dragging her on a steel leash across the cold stones. Stones that smelled of a long dead river. She had allowed Pet to do her business, then dumped cold water across her back end, scrubbing her clean with a scratchy cloth - making threatening vocalizations the entire time. 

Pet appreciated the hard casings locked over her hands - how they protected her from the rough terrain. They would produce a fair degree of damage, were she to strike the Fierce One in the head with one of them. She could subdue the Fierce One long enough to get her teeth around her throat - make her bleed. But then, what? The hard casings made a loud clomping sound on the hard rocks and she'd never be able to climb the cliff walls, bound as she was. And there were a lot of other Fierce Ones around to subdue her. 

Besides, the last meal had been really tasty.

The Alpha greeted the Fierce One when they returned to the moving cave. The Fierce One bowed in reverence, as she should. She then dragged Pet back to the kennel and pushed her in. The Fierce One closed the cage door and rattled the metal around for an inordinate amount of time before, once again bowing to the Alpha and slipping out the door.

Pet looked through the lattice of metal bars at the Alpha. She was very pretty and very regal too. But kind! She had fed Pet treats through the bars at regular intervals during the day and vocalized in soft comforting tones. Pet wondered if she should try to dominate her. Would Pet be brave enough to dominate the Alpha? The thought made her a little nervous.

She envisioned being free of the cage, surprising the Alpha with a quick leap, knocking her down, climbing on top of her... These thoughts brought forth the sense of urgency that she had been feeling more and more over the course of the day. An urgency in her core. An incompleteness. Something that she could almost satiate, but not quite. 

Certainly, she had tried to satiate the urgency. She had pressed the cold hard surface of her front paws - Hands! - against the gash of her sex, but she had no dexterity beneath the tight, unyielding wrappings. It did nothing to placate her urgency. The cool surface felt OK, but rubbing was not at all satisfying. There were no artifacts in the kennel that she could manipulate to create the appropriate self care.

She watched the Alpha's fingers, so beautiful. Pet thought she remembered having fingers - a vision of them. She thought she remembered their usefulness in addressing her urgency. How could she manipulate the Alpha to use her fingers on her? Rubbing the appropriate places, sticking them inside her. Yes. She would knock the Alpha down, climb on top and hold her there, her mouth wrapped lightly against the soft flesh of her throat - not in a threatening manner, but rather as an embrace. And the Alpha would use her beautiful fingers to stoke the flames of her urgency until she was complete.

Pet watched as the Alpha removed her colorful coverings, baring the flesh of her chest. She watched mesmerized as the Alpha pulled some sort of bone through her long dark mane. There was a scent of mint as the Alpha scrubbed her teeth with a bristly stick. Pet watched the Alpha look into a reflective surface, stroking her chest where her garments had pressed too tightly against her skin - briefly lifting her breasts. Next, the Alpha unfastened the skins wrapped about her waist and let them fall to the floor. Pressing her fingers towards her own sex. Did the Alpha have an urgency too?

But, there was something shiny between the Alpha's legs. Something covering the Alpha's sex. It was shiny and wrapped completely around the Alpha's body. It looked very much like the coverings that Pet had on her front paws. The Alpha's fingers brushed across the covering. Maybe she could feel through the covering. Pet noticed the look on the Alpha's face though. It was not ecstatic. It was sad. Frustrated?

Pet felt sad for the Alpha. She had such beautiful, dexterous fingers, but no way to access her own urgency. 

The Alpha had stopped moving. Her eyes met Pet's in the reflecting surface and they sized each other up for a moment. The Alpha quickly covered herself in a long, colorful skin.

Pet turned away and curled up against the bars of her kennel, closing her eyes, resting the cool surface of her hard front paw covering against the heat of her sex, and letting herself drift towards sleep.

0 - 0 - 1 - 08:35 - Maisie

Maisie awoke in a tight dark space. Her skin felt like it hard been scrubbed with sandpaper. Her muscles felt sore - like she had undergone a thoroughly exhausting workout. The memory of the measuring devices and the thousands of spikes pressing into her came back to her suddenly. And the paralyzing drug... It must have worn off though. She realized that she was opening and closing her fists - flexing her fingers. It felt good to stretch the muscles of her forearms. 

Please let Piper be OK, Maisie thought. In fact, that refrain surrounded all her thoughts. Piper, Piper...

She was bound somehow. Manacles of some sort held a tight grip on her wrists. They were lined with some sort of thick padding and when she pulled at them, they did not shift along her arms at all. Her arms had been pulled up so her wrists were a little above her head - at least, slouched as she was... crumbled and folded in the bottom of a narrow vertical cage. In the dim light, Maisie could see a chain extend from one of the few links joining her wrists up towards a ring embedded in the top of the cage.

Maisie pulled down on her arms which effectively levered her body up higher. Something was wrapped around her neck. It, like her wrist cuffs was tight, but padded, and not unnecessarily uncomfortable. As she pulled her body higher, she felt cold thick links of chain graze against the her back. 

She was naked.

Her knees were bent. Her bare feet rested along the base of the cage. They were held close together. More padded cuffs wrapped tightly around her ankles, locked together with a short chain. Another chain connected to a link between her ankles and snaked through the bars, disappearing into the darkness.

She levered herself again, attempting to stand, but felt a sudden sense of vertigo. The earth moved, so she settled back again. But still... her world seemed to rock back a forth a little. Maisie realized that her cage was hanging from above. She tried to look into the darkness around her but could make out very little beyond the black bars of her cage. In particular there didn't seem to be a floor anywhere nearby.

For a third time, she attempted to stand. Squatting, she got her weight onto her trembling legs. When she tried to straighten her legs though, a chain, stretched to its limit, yanked back against her collar, choking her briefly. She fell back against the bars behind her, cursing.

She tried to rearrange the orientation of her legs, searching for a more comfortable position. "Now what?" she said aloud to herself.

From the darkness she heard a short, clear, sound. A hum. A human sound.

"Piper?!"

Another hum.

"Yes! Oh, goddess, yes, I'm OK. Are you?"

0 - 0 - 1 - 09:18 - Aife

"And this is the bedroom," Aife said as Slave Zeigh stared at the thin single mattress. The room was narrow with very high ceilings. The living space had been built within an old warehouse. Walls seem to have been randomly thrown together, often at odd angles. Within this crazy maze of rooms, Aife had made a home.

"I can provide sexual services," Zeigh said as she nervously thread the links of her slave leash between her fingers. "I have been told that I am competent."

Aife frowned, noticing her use of the word "competent". Even though Zeigh acted clueless, as she did in front of the gate guard - he had described Zeigh as incompetent, Aife believed that Zeigh knew exactly what was going on.

"Zeigh, you are a free woman now. The Princess has emancipated you. You are visiting my home as a guest, not an acquisition," Aife explained. "I'm sorry about the accommodations. I don't often have guests." Ever. "I have a bed roll that I use for camping that I will use to sleep on. I want you to use the bed." 

Aife pulled a long trunk out from under the bed, opened it and began to pull out some blankets.

Zeigh looked over Aife's shoulder. "Oh, no," Zeigh said, frowning, seemingly nervous. "I'll sleep on the bedroll. I can't take your bed from you."

"You are the guest, Zeigh," Aife explained.

"No! I can't! Please!" Zeigh fell to her knees, pooling the links of her leash into the cup of her hands and holding them up to Aife. 

"Okay, Okay..." Aife said. "You can sleep on the floor." She place a hand on top of Zeigh's and gently prodded her to lower them down.

Zeigh smiled briefly, but then started looking up towards the ceiling nervously. "I have been in a bed on a number of occasions," she said. "I prefer to sleep on a rug though. The mattress feels like it insulates you from the real world too much. I prefer to be down on the hardwood where you can feel the vibration of the comings and goings of whatever there is coming and going."

"OK," Aife said. "We are about the same size. Why don't you look in the top drawer of my dresser for a long shirt to sleep in?"

Zeigh stood and walked towards the dresser. "I find that actually sleeping on a mattress tends to propel me into some sort of strange world where physical laws can be bent in strange ways."

Zeigh opened the drawer and stared at the clothes inside. She tentatively reached in and touched a shirt with a single finger jumping a little at the moment of contact. "I don't like chairs much either. Did you know that chairs are bad for your health? Humans aren't designed to sit in chairs. So, even if given the opportunity to sit in one, I generally prefer to not sit, because I'm interested in living as healthfully as possible..."

"Yes. Any of those shirts are fine to wear," Aife said as she lay the blankets on the floor.

"Is it OK if I sleep naked?"

"I want you to be comfortable," Aife said.

Zeigh pulled off her slave robe and held it in her arms, standing unconcerned about her nudity, wearing only her slave collar and its leash. "I find clothes to be constraining."

Aife let out a short laugh, uncertain otherwise how to participate in Zeigh's monologue. "I have to go out very early in the morning, Zeigh. I should be back shortly after the sun comes up. I'd just like to ask that you stay inside until I return."

"Yes, Mistress," Zeigh said.

"I'm just worried that someone unscrupulous might take liberties with you if they see you out alone wearing a slave collar. Why don't you unclip the leash? And call me Aife. I'm not your Mistress."

"Sorry, Mistress... I mean, Ma'am... Aife." Zeigh looked back up towards the ceiling nervously.

"Anyways, if you get up before I get back, feel free to eat anything that you wish. I have a variety of food in the kitchen... Is there something up there that is bothering you?" Aife said pointing towards the ceiling.

"Oh, no! Nothing!" Zeigh said clutching the links of the leash chain to her chest. "It's very high and... and angular... clean."

Aife watched Zeigh's eyes shift towards the large trunk from which she had pulled her camping gear and blankets.

After Aife had gotten herself ready for bed, she lay in the dark listening to Zeigh tumble around restlessly on the floor, rattling the links of her chain with each move. Aife sighed and resorted to meditation to try to get some rest. After all, she was not used to having another person in the same room with her and she had attuned her ears to be alert for every sound that may be out of place.

After an hour or so, Aife heard the sound of her trunk lid opening. She had left the trunk out near where Zeigh was trying to sleep on purpose, and half expected that she would hear the sound eventually. "Do you want to sleep in the trunk?" Aife asked.
