 Kryus watched the beautiful woman he had taken to dinner walk back to the ladies room. Her walk was amazing as her ass not only swung side to side but the tight muscle also flexed up and down with each step, making her walk something to be directly admired. He was pleased with himself as he tapped his ear phone to call his room mates.

"Hey stretch whatcha doin?" asked his room mate Trypp.

Kryus grinned, if Trypp was there then he could make sure everyone made it to the party on time. "Hey Trypp, I got a lot of fun planned for tonight. Make sure the guys are there."

Trypp grinned to the phone, he knew what that meant, Kryus found a hot one to share. "You got it buddy, whats the occasion?"

"You don't know? Oh well, Trucks got the loan, he can build the race track now, were going to celebrate with a little wine women and song."

Trypp knew better, Trucks wasn't a wine drinker, that meant that there would be beer, and one well and loud female. "Good deal man, ill have the crew here."

Kryus hung up just as the waitress brought their food and his girl returned from the restroom. They ate dinner, a fine meal if he did so so himself, couldn't go wrong with steak and lobster. He told Ruby what he had planned for the evening. He knew a refined woman wouldn't cause a scene in a posh restaurant like this, she might smile and walk away but she wouldn't scream or slap. If she did walk away, he already had a line into the waitress, who would probably happily go home to anything as long as the rich romeo at her table asked her too.

Ruby smiled softly. "So, you wine and dine me, then take me to your apartment to what, fuck four men?"

Kryus dipped a bite of lobster into the garlic butter and placed the bite in his teeth, rolling it to his tongue for the full effect of all the flavor. "Yes, that's about it. Though, I do have a consent form for you to sign first. Most women don't go that far, but I'm pretty sure you wont mind using a little legal protection now do you?"

Her royal blue eyes gleamed in the light from the single candle on their table. "You think? Let me see this contract."

He slipped a small manila envelope to her and she pulled the single sheet of parchment paper from within, then quietly read the contract as she ate her salad. Her thick lashes lifted and let her eyes settle on his slender face. He was a very attractive man, long flowing white hair graced his shoulders and back, resting over the back of his chair taunting the woman who was obviously wearing a wig behind him. He had no visible scars and was very anime like in his looks, though she seemed to recall those sort of eyes only got drawn on the evil cartoons, which made her chuckle after she read his contract.

"So, if I get pregnant I'm not to approach anyone from this meeting as birth control is on me, and I'm not to press any sort of abuse charges for anything that happens, so, is this everything that could happen tonight?" she glanced up at him from the contract.

He smiled and took a sip of his wine, as he settled the glass back in front of him he spoke matter-of-factly. "Should be everything. I seriously don't think you could withstand a full session with four rather talented and large men if we broke out the whips and chains so I'm fairly sure the activities will be of standard occurrence."

She slid his pen from his pocket with a smile. "Well, then if we have the paper here I suppose I can add my own clause."

She wrote a few things on the paper and slid it to Kryus, who pulled it to be next to his plate as he read it.

The smile was slow but there. "If anyone asks for your number you get theirs, alright. I like this one, if you do get pregnant there will be absolutely no claim whatsoever from anyone even if they are positive the child is theirs, no problem with this but this one... I don't think I understand what your meaning with 'in the matter of responsibility towards my health.'" He glanced up at her. "Whats this mean? You aren't to be held responsible for what? I already checked your yellow card, doctors say your all clear as of last months check-up."

She smiled devilishly as she placed the fork on her napkin. "My last boyfriend died of a heart attack during sex in the Jacuzzi. I just don't want anyone dying on me and have any of your friends sue me for hellacious death by fucking."

He almost laughed outwards but took a bite of steak instead, staring at her like she was a new woman. They both signed the rather lengthy contract and finished their meal having regular conversation about the matters of their meal and how it was cooked.

When they left, his car of course was brought to him. However this did not seem to impress the vivacious female, when she got in, her lovely eyes perused the interior, mostly the center console. Half her luscious mouth tweaked up into a somewhat devilish half smile when what she saw obviously pleased her.

As Kryus got in she spoke. "So how well do you drive? Fast? Dangerous, like an old woman?"

Kryus looked at her as he started the engine, it purred then roared. "Fast is the only way and if it isn't dangerous it isn't fast."

They ripped out of the parking lot into traffic. Several cars honked and even slammed on their breaks to avoid what they thought would be an imminent collision. Ruby laughed at this as she looked to Kryus, who looked very serious as he drove. He shifted like a pro racer, his eyes darted everywhere, everywhere except her that is, his mistake she thought. The engine revved as his foot tapped the peddle a bit more when her fingers found the zipper of his slacks. He laughed lightly now understanding what she meant by dangerous. 

Ruby's lips found his cock as she pulled the thick long member from its place in his pants. "I figured you were a commando kinda man, I like it."

She purred as she swallowed his member to the balls. He was still soft, as it normally took quite a bit to get the slaver excited, this time however, he had no such issues. Her lips tightened over his shaft, her tongue slithered from her mouth to tickle his ball sack. He felt his large head glide down her throat as she purred, vibrating the tensing muscle as she swallowed him down. He kept his pace, not once faltering on the road as she gulped him down, rolling his cock in not only her mouth but her throat. When he was at full attention she did however have to settle for only half his erection going into her throat, which seemed to really annoy her. He was too big to fit down the small passage leading to her esophagus.

Kryus laid a hand on the back of her head and shoved her face harder into his lap. Ruby's purring turned a bit to gagging as she was forced to stroke more of his cock down her throat. Her nails dug into his thigh as he hitched his hip slightly, tapping the tip of his cock deep in her throat. He sat there, driving fast, fucking her face as hard as he could. She moaned in pleasure when he gripped a handful of immaculately manicured curls in his fist, making a handle to lift her head with so that he could add her motion to his for a really nice effect on his cock.

She liked it rough he could see, so he gave it to her. The harder he fucked her face the more she wagged her ass upwards and growled on his member. He could hear the sound of his cock popping in and out of her throat and this pleased him as well. Kryus grit his teeth as he began to cum, her mouth began sucking hard, drawing every drop of the mans sweet nectar from his groin. She was sure he could shoot someones eye out with the strength of his stream. Perfect for her, as she had plans for this one. His sigh of relief told her that she had done well to please him. This would mean she would have a great time playing with his friends while he recouped his losses from the drive there. 

Ruby sat up, a long blood red nail swept past the corner of her lips, taking in the small droplet that escaped during the cock jerking orgasm of the man in the drivers seat. She tucked him back into his pants and sat pleased in her seat as they drove to his high rise apartment.

Once there he parked in his private stall and looked at her. "You are full of surprises aren't you?"

She grinned devilishly again, he swore she could win an award for that wicked expression. "Oh don't you know it lover. Remember, you signed a contract, no stopping until I get my rocks off too."

She winked at him as he gave her a yeah right look and got out. He went to her side of the car and let her out, pinning her to the door as she slipped herself from the seat. His lips traced along her neck, she moved her head back to let him, as if he were going to bite right there and the thought excited her. Ruby writhed her hips to grind on his cock through the slacks he wore. Kryus was no less flirtatious as he ground his cock into her right back, a new erection already beginning to arise. 

Her hand reached down and she stroked him through his slacks. "Oh my, a delicious surprise, you have quite the constitution don't you?"

It was his turn to grin wickedly at her. She was so hot a distinct part of him seriously hoped Trypp couldn't get a hold of the guys and he wouldn't have to share this one. He might even forgo collaring her and let her remain free of slavery, maybe. She just might be too good to let go. In either case, he was going to enjoy this evening he was sure.

Kryus led her to the elevator. The woman was ready to fuck and be fucked right then and there, her insistent kissing and groping was enough sign of that point. Once in the elevator all she wanted to do was crawl up him and embed herself on the shaft she knew was in his slacks. He wasn't sure how, as with every touch she was setting his skin and loins on fire, but he managed to get her to the apartment. When he opened the locked door she strut in like nothing had happened, like she hadn't half raped him in the elevator, or the hall, or at least her demeanor didn't show it, his did, a little bit, through the tent playing in his slacks.

Trypp looked up from the desk he was working at, the woman was more then beautiful, she was stunning. Long legs disappeared under a mini skirt that looked as though it was painted on, the black leather of it did nothing to detract from the tight well sculpted ass she waggled under its snug fit. Her hair was a riot of blood red curls that caressed her shoulders like the soft hands of a female lover. Once in a while one large curl would sweep over her ample breast, to which was showing well past the corset top she wore. Her shape was a tight figure eight to look at from the front, and everything else was just too distracting to describe.

Her full ruby lips curved into a smile when she viewed the handsome Trypp, his waist length hair was colored like grass, which set off his porcelain flesh well. His eyes too were a green color, deep and rich. She imagined if he hadn't colored his hair to the deep green it would nearly mimic her red color as well.

When he stood, she saw he had the form of a gymnast, long and tone, slender but not scrawny, the bulge in his pants told her he was very well endowed as well, due to the fact he was soft and looked as though he had a large grapefruit in his pants. He wore gee pants tied loosely about his slender waist, and no shirt or shoes. He flushed a bit when she licked her lips after viewing him from foot to head and back again, the hungry look in her expression making him a bit off balance. She was not shy like the others Kryus had brought in, no, this one was a monster fucking machine. All one had to do was view her expressions to know this as fact.

Ruby looked to the stairs made of floating glass. She did so love that style of architecture, but even more so when she saw the man that was making the thump thump thump on the glass with every step. He was almost as tall as Kryus about 6'9" his bare chest was tattooed with tribal tats on each side, the spines of the two dragons wings touching over the point of his heart. His shoulder blade length hair was ebony black and wild, not unkempt wild but more like it was wavy and wild due to this. His legs reminded her of tree trunks, as he was wearing Bermuda jeans shorts with a healthy fray on them. It was easy for her to examine his legs, they looked as though they could cave a mans chest in if he kicked them. The look on his stern face was intrigued as he watched her, and just about as hungry as her own expression. Storm gray eyes seemed to miss nothing as he went to the wet bar across from where she stood.

Trypp spoke to Kryus as he took Ruby's purse and sweater to hang up. "Veighn is out, he has a girl he is keeping to himself, and that friend of his Tristan. He said he would be back in a couple weeks or so."

"Back? He leave town?" Kryus inquired.

Trypp nodded over his shoulder, "Yeah, said this one was going to help him make lost the issue he was having with Tristan's father."

Kryus raised a brow but placed a soft hand on Ruby's back to lead her to the bar and the man he introduced as Trucks. She prepared herself, ready to meet an actual good person. They always made her skin crawl but they were so fun to corrupt.

Unknown to her this one could sense the evil that she was, and glowered at her when she was brought to him. She was pretty sure he would rather of backhanded her away from him then even nod to her, but for the sake of, Kryus, who she found out to be his brother, he was polite. Such are good guys, their always polite and nice no matter how bad you were, thankfully, she thought, he couldn't tell she was a demon.

Ruby slid against his body, settling into his flesh the desire she needed him to have. Her magic was very strong, stronger then his will she knew. As when he set the beer, he was drinking, down he pulled her up off the floor to ravish her lips with a deep and commanding kiss. He was not one to play around, she liked that about the giant goody two shoes.

Trucks walked to the table that was off in what was supposed to be a dining room. Instead it looked more like a dungeon play room. A wooden rack stood elegantly in one corner, a leather swing and cage along the wall where there was a built in hutch, which she could see held BDSM toy's instead of fancy dishes. A spanking horse resided on another wall space, and a T-bar hung from the ceiling. A wonderful place to practice ones suspension techniques. Dominating the center of the room was a round leather padded table. This is where Truck's settled Ruby as he pulled her leather clothing from her body very unceremoniously. He never stopped attacking her mouth with his tongue, until he turned her away from him and forced her to kneel with her ass swinging up at him.

Ruby grinned as her magical aphrodisiac hit the man like a ton of bricks and wiped away any doubt whatsoever that he wanted his cock inside this woman now, not a second later. She heard his zipper lower, felt the head of his monstrously huge cock touch her wetting pussy lips. She did scream when he shoved himself balls deep into her hot tight pussy, but that was how she liked it.

He had shoved into her, nearly forcing her head to hit the table with the power of his first push, but his hand came up and bore into the mass of curls adorning her head. He pulled her head up with no mercy making her gasp loudly. 

Trypp was there, in front of her, his own dick standing tall and awaiting attention. Ruby reached out, grabbed the throbbing member and placed it in her open mouth, immediately sucking on it hard enough to pull him all the way into her mouth. Trucks did the rest by thrusting his pelvis forward hard, slamming Trypp's cock deep into her throat.

Kryus was nowhere to be seen, but she was sure he would show up soon. The curse she had thrust into him when she was blowing him would ensure that the man would come back again, as he would be unable to be satisfied until he actually came inside her. It was what she wanted, all of them to cum inside her greedy body. That's what it took for a succubus to get pregnant, and she couldn't go home until she was with child. It was her time, and the ruler of her plane would not allow her to live if she did not create life and another demon for him. It was the law of her land.

Trucks placed a hand on her ass and watched as his cock slid in and out of her dripping cunt. She was just as excited as they were to be on that table. Each of his thrusts would drive Trypp into her throat, and back out again as his cock would pull her back as he withdrew, the fit was that tight. 

All too soon though Trucks lifted her away from Trypp's cock. She whimpered in protest, because Trypp tasted like candy. She could tell the man ate a lot of chocolate. Trucks wasn't done though, he was just letting his brother in on the action. She watched as Trypp jumped up onto the table, her body still rocking as Trucks slid her up and down his shaft via sliding her body up and down his own.

Kryus laid on the table, right below Trucks, his cock at full attention. His ass was right on the edge of the leather covered table, which made Ruby practically squeal in delight as she realized what was happening. Trucks pulled himself from her very wet pussy and sat her on Kryus' waiting cock. He did not do so gently, he just placed her, and dropped her the large invading probe. When she didn't go all the way down he pushed her by holding her hips, causing her to scream once again due to a mixture of pain and pleasure. Once he had Kryus deeply embedded in her, he pushed her forward again, leaning her so that Kryus had her large breasts in his hands and mouth. 

Trypp knelt over Kryus's head, as Trucks pushed his cum soaked cock between her tight ass cheeks to impale her anally, Trypp pushed his cock back into her screaming mouth. Both, Kryus and Trucks, cocks were huge, and it was very painful, but she was a demon, so this was just exactly what she wanted. Pain and pleasure, then some more pain and possibly desert too. 

All three men thundered into her body, eager to pleasure themselves whether she was pleased or not. It was her choice, as was stated in the contract, to be used but not abused. Her portion of the contract had said that she wanted fucked hard, not made love too. The men were happy to accommodate her desires.

Kryus groaned as he watched her breasts bounce above him. The feel of Trucks cock rocking in and out of her and against his own was a pleasure he always enjoyed. Trucks was not into men at all, but Kryus had his uses for them, his preference to women was well known, but the feel of a man against his own cock was erotic in the way he enjoyed. He had not been past opening a man or two, depending on how the purchaser desired them to be trained. The feel he was withstanding now was definitely the best of both worlds as Trucks' cock and his own were large enough that he could even feel Trucks veins popping on the side of his member. Her body barely kept the two cocks from actually touching. Trypp was pleased with the ability to shove his own shaft deep down her throat. When she did choke a bit on his girth, he pushed deeper, holding her head by the hair he shoved in repeatedly, never once pulling more then a half an inch from her throat.

Trucks growled soon enough, but instead of coming he moved from her body, Trypp slid off the table and took his place. Kryus slid back, so that he was on the table fully, he then placed his feet flat on the table, spreading his legs, which spread her very wide as it shoved her ass into the air by bending his knee's. Her legs trapped on his bent ones she was very open in the back end. Trypp settled between kryus's legs, behind her. As Trucks moved the table. It spun until she was facing the behemoth. Trucks lifted her head to the proper level to shove his own cock down her throat, and did so as Trypp slid his raging hard on into her pussy, sharing the space with Kryus the two men began to fuck her relentlessly.
