 Dear readers, a cast of characters for this episodic may be found in my bio. Please feel free to ask questions if my descriptions are confusing. Your comments, questions, and reviews would help me improve my storytelling craft. That is something that the FBI should check in to.

Previously:

Evanescent made her first change to Pet's drawings - a ring for her clitoris. Morgana demonstrated the necessity for Evancescent to harden her heart and make sacrifices in order to become a leader. Hank is building a coffin. Maisie gets a haircut, a piercing, and a hood. Aife and Zeigh traverse Cowen visiting witches and seers for clues to Karma's disappearance. Karma agrees trade her name for sanity and comfort from Ileana.

Karma has been buried for 3 days, 7 hours and 5 minutes

0 - 0 - 3 - 07:05 - Evanescent

"Holy mother of fuck! You scared the shit out of me!" Evanescent cursed.

The Queen's Witch, Morgana, cackled. "You wouldn't have thought that an old hag like I could be so nimble."

"I would never question your skills," Evanescent said, recomposing herself.

Morgana looked over the drawing that Evanescent had been working on. It was an incredibly realistic likeness of P-346, Slave Karma's face. Her long locks on her right side were drawn back in braid to highlight the elaborate set of jewelry and piercings that had been made to her ear and the three delicate chains that swept beautifully across her cheek to their anchorage on the right ala of her nose. Her full lips were relaxed with the ends naturally tipped up. Rings were embedded in her lower lip on each side. Her eyes were drawn with extensive detail that seemed to pull the admirer's focus.

"Your skills are unparalleled in your generation," Morgana complimented. "You have the greatest degree of focus I have ever witnessed in a sorceress. And while that is your strength, that is also your weakness."

Evanescent looked up at Morgana questioningly.

"I could have stabbed you in the back, my dear," Morgana laughed. "You would be dead before you even knew what had happened."

Evanescent looked around the lab, past the statue of Ivankara and the Gag of Complicities, into the shadows cast by the sparse torches lit about the room. "I thought that I was in a safe space. Is that not true?"

"Yes, you are, of course," Morgana said. "Now, I must suggest though that you are wasting your time - drawing such a precise picture of the Princess's missing slave. She's gone."

"The Princess has hired an independent to look for her. I'm trying to help her," Evanescent explained.

"Oh, yes," Morgana said. "That fierce little gray bitch. Aife, she calls herself these days. Her search will be fruitless. If the slave is even still alive, she is most likely condemned to yield to the ravages of the Crown's Concern disease."

"You said that we have until the full moon - seven more days," Evanescent said. "In fact, couldn't we extend her time by continuing to manage the disease just as we have and do for Pet."

"We could only extend her time, if we could determine that her current array of piercings are intact. If any have been removed, then she is already doomed. And that is most likely the case, if you were unable to detect her locator charm," Morgana explained. "Even if she is still alive, our best path forward is to leave her to the whim of the disease. It would sufficiently incapacitate her soon enough which is the best state for her and for us. You're wasting your time."

Evanescent looked down at her drawing. "I must comply with the Princess's wishes still."

"The Princess is gone," Morgana sighed. "But go ahead, let that little Aife bitch waste her time looking. And when you see her to give her the picture, tell her that she has taken one of my utility slaves from the castle illegally and I want it back immediately."

<>-+-

Evanescent returned to her castle quarters only to find Paris getting ready to leave. Paris was a domestique who had successfully extended her career as a castle slave by proving her usefulness with minor skills as a witch.

"I have strung up Slave Xexxia as best possible according to the desires of Mr. Bowman," Paris said pointing to a closed door. She pronounced Xexxia as though the X's were S's. "I believe that I was able to make the ties so that they are as comfortable as possible. Mr. Bowman has a tendency to leave his visitors... uh... hanging for extended periods of time."

"Thank you, Paris. I will go and have a look at her - see how she's doing. Why don't you go and eat dinner? I'll let you know how the ties have worked tomorrow morning after breakfast."

"Yes, Mistress Sorceress," Paris said, bowing her head slightly. "Oh! And I started to prepare another batch of the magic hemp."

"You are brilliant, Paris." Evanescent opened the door to her quarters and quickly ushered Paris out into the hallway. The middle aged slave curtsied and walked down the hall and around the corner. Evanescent then closed and locked the door to her quarters. She stepped into the kitchen and grabbed a few mint leaves from a dish and began chewing on them. She went into the bathroom, checked herself out in the mirror - running her fingers through her hair. She spit out the mint in the chamber pot, rinsed her mouth out and looked in the mirror again.

Evanescent stepped across her entry hall and opened the door. Inside a nude woman was suspended by a web of glittering ropes from a pulley attached to a sturdy overhead ceiling beam. Her head was pulled back by twine braided into her long hair, pulled taut. She would have had a clear view of Evanescent's entrance were it not for the pair of ropes loosely passing before her eyes. Evanescent placed her hand on the woman's cheek and stooped a little to look past the rope into the moist brown eyes of the suspended slave. She placed a light kiss just below this pair of ropes and above another pair, tied much more tightly to cleave the woman's mouth, pulling her lips into a grimace.

"Hello, my love," Evanescent said. "I've missed you."

The woman's reply was lost behind the cleave, but its song contained more glee than discomfort.

Evanescent let a hand brush across the woman's shoulder, passing down her arm over regularly spaced pairs of rope which helped pull the woman's arms back into a secure box tie. Extra attention and lengths of rope had been applied to the slave's hands leaving her fingers twisted up and ineffective to any purpose.

Gently, below the woman, her breasts dangled, pulled further by clamps weighted with light chains, terminated with large, clear, glass jewels. Evanescent let her fingers slide with the lightest touch across the woman's chest until goosebumps arose. She fingered one of the chains until the slave moaned and flexed her torso into the cage of twisted twine which supported her sculpted body from underneath. Her shape was a bow. Her legs were bent double, calf to thigh, tightly bound, and spread enough for Evanescent to see and advance and feel her slave's core. And there, too, lovingly clamped so intimately, was another glass jewel and chain allowing Gravity herself to tug and tease the slave with every twitch and lustfully labored breath. The big toe on each foot was wrapped and pulled toward the ceiling forcing an attractive point to the slave's feet. She could wiggle, but nothing more.

Evanescent returned to the slave's face, lightly stroking her hand along the slave's side, around the side of her breast feeling the way the slave trembled as she pulled in heavy breaths of air. She found a knot to the side of her head, which she was able to loosen easily and the ropes slipped from the slave's mouth. Evanescent pulled the ropes below the suspended woman's chin and stooped to gently press her lips to the slave's.

"How are you coping?" Evanescent whispered.

"Much better," Xexxia responded, a hint of a smile flashing across her face. "Now that you are here. The ropes... they tingle all over me."

Evanescent smiled and stepped back. She pushed gently on Xexxia's shoulder and the slave spun a half turn around on the single cable dropping from above. Evanescent stepped between Xexxia's knees and reached her hand to cup the slave's sex where a pair of ropes met, knotted together and pressed between the slave's labia minora. The rope was saturated with moisture. Evanescent let her tongue play across the slave's sex following the rope as it fed out across her perineum, letting out a quiet hum of satisfaction. Xexxia trembled and let out a throaty groan as well, her sex clenching involuntarily around the knotted rope.

"Oh, my," Evanescent said. "I see why Paris thought you needed the gag." She stepped back out from between the suspended woman's legs and gave her another push, this time waiting for Xexxia to spin one and a half times before stopping her and lightly kissing her lips.

As she began to re-apply the pair of ropes between Xexxia's lips and teeth, Xexxia cooed, "Light me up, Mistress Sorceress." Evanescent pulled tight the knot forcing the ropes more deeply into the slave's mouth and she stepped back. 

"Your wish is my pleasure, my love."

Evanescent stepped over to a vase and upended some powder into her hand. She began to rub her hands together and chant a mumbled rhythm. There was a loud pop and when Evanescent opened her hands a bright silver flame danced on each palm. She stepped over to the suspended woman and held a palm beneath each dangling jewel - first each breast and then below Xexxia's sex. The jewels seems to catch the flame and glow with a sparkling silvery light.

Xexxia began to shake and writhe within the confines of her tight bondage. The flame did not burn. It's fuel was not physical elements. Instead it fed upon the syrup of desire.

Evanescent stepped back around to the slave's spread knees and changed the rhythm and inflection of her chanting, quickly grabbing each knee in one of her flaming hands and pushing Xexxia into a harrowing spin widdershins.

Evanescent held out her palms as Xexxia spun rapidly. The ropes began to sparkle even more brightly. Suddenly in a flash, the silver flames erupted from the jewels and from Evanescent's hands, licking out across the slave's captured flesh, focusing and then anchoring along the lines of each strand of rope. Shortly, the entire web of hemp was alight with silvery flames dancing in the vortex of Xexxia's rotation. Xexxia was grunting and her body jerked uncontrollably. If she was in pain, it was certainly an a erotic torture. 

After no more than the count of twenty the flames again flashed and a host of sparks burst away from Xexxia's body - their glowing embers quickly fading as they descended towards the floor. Xexxia's spin slowed to a stop and when the fireworks faded Xexxia remained, suspended in the air, held as she had been trussed, yet the ropes had completely vanished into the ether.

Evanescent slipped her hands to Xexxia's hips and slid them around the sides of her body, each hand reaching a breast at the same time. She unclipped the chains from the slave's nipples and pulled the glass jewels away leaving Xexxia to tremble. Moans of pleasure slipped from her mouth which was still stretched by the ghost of the cleaving rope. And when Evanescent pulled the dangling jewel from Xexxia's clit, her body bucked and sexual tears dripped from the suspended slave, but the bow shape enforced by the strategically tied ropes remained though the ropes themselves had disappeared, leaving nothing but the bumpy imprint around the slave's flushed flesh. 

Indeed, the slave's arms remained in their tight box tie and her legs tightly doubled, toes pointed. Her hair pulled back, lifting her head. Still suspended chest-high off the floor.

Evanescent took a moment to look at her trembling lover. "Beautiful," she whispered. "Now, that is what magic is truly good for."

She ducked between the slave's legs, her tongue extended and went to work. Xexxia's muffled moans filled the room for the next hour or more. 

<>-+-

Evanescent lay in bed, her arms were wrapped around Xexxia, pulling her close. Every once in a while she would press a light kiss on the slave's neck just below her ear. Xexxia lay with her eyes closed. Every kiss caused a tired smile to slip across Xexxia's face until exhaustion once again gained the upper hand.

"You should have left when the Princess emancipated all her slaves. The Queen's Witch has rescinded the proclamation now. The window to escape your slavery has closed again. I worry..."

Xexxia frowned but said nothing.

"It's too dangerous in here for the Princess' ex-slaves. The Queen's Witch is abusing them for her own cruel intentions," Evanescent whispered. "I'm afraid for your safety."

"It's more dangerous for a slave outside the castle," Xexxia responded. She turned to face Evanescent. "Did you hear? Some girls went to try to make money dancing at Madam Shovair's. They saw two men carrying away one of the Princess's ex-pleasure slaves, Chelsea. They tossed her unconscious body into the back of a steam truck. The girls tried to get the bouncers to stop the truck, but the bouncers said that their jurisdiction ended at the door jamb and refused to help. No one has seen Chelsea since."

"I did hear about that. Perhaps she drank too much... She was probably doing something foolish. But, you're smarter than that. Besides, I could have found someone for you to stay with," Evanescent said. "A womens house. You would be safe."

"I want to be here. With you," Xexxia said. 

They lay in silence for a while, Evanescent idly slipping her fingers up and down Xexxia's arm. "I was the fourth daughter," Xexxia said at last. "My family was not rich. I grew up knowing that I would be sold. I was told by my father that I was nothing but a burden on my family all my life. I wanted to make sure that when I was sold I would go for a very high price so my mother would live her later years in some sort of comfort. I dreamt of being a castle slave. Why would I quit that dream now? What would I do outside the castle? Especially as a lesbian? I would accidentally smile at the wrong freewoman and find myself imprisoned or murdered. Here, though, I'm with you. And in a year the Princess will become a queen, and you, her Queen's Witch, and we can be together. You and me... and Kelligrene, too. You can own us." Xexxia smiled and pushed her hips back a little pressing them against Evanescent's sex.

Evanescent smiled. "We will have to be careful until then. A year is a long time. Morgana is making me... She's making me 'prove my meddle'."

"You'll be fine," Xexxia sighed. "You're much more powerful than that hag."

Evanescent murmured something for a moment and a torch lit across the room highlighting a desk with a large metal orb on it. 

"There it is," Evanescent said. "The thing that Morgana is making me fuse over Kapitolina's head."

"Oh, shit!" Xexxia said stunned. "That's for Kapitolina? I've heard that she's not doing so well as it is - down in her dungeon cell with her weaponized hands safely suspended above. Pixie has to take care of her."

Evanescent sighed. "Morgana says she is testing my nerve. She says she'll find a replacement for me if I fail. And when you are the Princess' Witch, replacement means something a little more extreme than just being out of a job..."

"You've just got to do it, I guess," Xexxia said, turning her head towards Evanescent. "Kapitolina is kind of a bitch anyways, but maybe you could include a spell that makes her... you know... OK with her situation somehow?"

"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," Evanescent agreed. "I've been kicking some ideas around."

"Right now, Pixie told me that she's going out of her mind with lust even though Pixie services her. Morgana is just cruel! Kapitolina has gone through the Rite of Arritus after all. Her libido has been drastically enhanced. She's not getting the amount of physical intimacy that she has been modified to need. She's going to go insane down in that dungeon cell." Xexxia turned away, chewing on a finger, lost in thought.

"What do you think about this idea?" Evanescent said sitting up suddenly. "There is a gag... a very phallic shaped gag that will be sealed in her mouth. She'll have to suck on it to eat and drink. Maybe I could design a spell such that sucking on the gag translates to the sensation of being fucked. Squeezing the gag with her mouth, could feel like she's squeezing with her pussy. Then she could give herself orgasms by sucking on the gag whenever she wants. She wouldn't need Pixie or anyone else to take care of her needs. Then I could also make her feel like it is totally natural to wear the steel hood - like she never could have lived without it before."

"Yeah. Can you do that? That would really subvert that old hag, Morgana!" Xexxia said.

"I just need a... um... a sample from Kapitolina," Evanescent said. "It wouldn't take much. Could Pixie like... collect a bit of her... uh... ejaculate when Kapitolina orgasms? I need it to be able to magically link the gag to Kapitolina's pussy."

"Should be no problem at all," Xexxia said.

0 - 0 - 3 - 12:57 - Hank

"Yer buildin another one of yer box things?" Farley asked. 

"That's right idiot!" Hank said, looking up from his work. "Can you make yourself useful and pass that hammer over to me?"

"Yeah and all the banging around you are doing is keeping me and Luke from bein able to go to sleep."

"Alright, alright, bro. Just putting on the finishing touches of version number two - more secure for my lady friend and more comfortable for me."

"Them slaves didn't come round ta-night. Ah heard they ain't letting them out to play no more," Farley said. "Where ya going ta find another lady friend."

"There are always losers out there waiting to be snatched up, bro. You just got to keep your eyes open."

"Hank? What happens to your lady friends... ya know... after ya bury them?"

"Well, shit-for-brains, all I can guarantee is that they think fondly of me as they slip into a nice long peaceful sleep."

"Sleepin? Yeah? I bet they can't even hear all yer hammerin down under the sand... the lucky cunts."

0 - 0 - 3 - 20:26 - Maisie

Maisie was pulled from her small cage. But rather than slipping her leather hood off immediately as they had been doing for that past unknown amount of time, instead, they gently led her out of the dungeon of hanging cages and through the halls to another room where they sat her in a chair and locked her wrist and ankle cuffs to its frame. When they finally unlaced the hood, Maisie found the room so bright that she could only duck her head forward with her eyes squinted shut. Still, she started laughing despite her best efforts not to. The fresh air against her bald head and face was such a welcome change. 

The sound of her own laughter though, really began to piss her off and she began to mumble around her dry swollen tongue and the thin chain pulling at the tip of her tongue, "I'm going to fucking kill every one of you."

One of the Dirt Room girls shoved the nozzle of a bottle in Maisie's mouth and squeezed. Cool water splashed back against her throat and she swallowed in big relieved gulps.

Maisie had been attended to in her time in her suspended cage. Every few hours her cage would be dragged along some overhead rail to a landing where the cage was opened and her hood unlaced and slid off. But the relief was extremely brief. Only enough time for her caretakers to spray some sugary liquid in her mouth. Then she would feel the hood press against her face and pull against her chin as it was slowly closed tightly around her head once again.

Each time she had the hood removed and fought to get her pupils to contract against the dancing lights of the torches, she would yell out for Piper. Each time to her great relief Piper would respond from somewhere out in the darkness. Her voice sounded strong and clear which gave Maisie hope.
