 NB: Thank you for those who've sent me comments and suggestions. It really makes my day.  Hope you all enjoy this next installation of the story. Don't forget to vote! -- M.C. 

*

When Tristan awoke, Dahut was still curled beside him, her raven hair covering half her body like a soft blanket. Easing himself away, he got up to take a cold shower. It was already Thursday and he would have to return to New York the next morning. 

Something had happened to him, but he was unsure what. All he knew was that he didn't want to leave Lake of the Woods. 

He felt her stirring awake even while he was in the shower. He could feel the distinct vibrations in on the floor, telling him that she was now sitting up and searching for him. 

"I'm in the shower!" he shouted, for her benefit. 

He felt her footsteps walking towards the bathroom and wasn't surprised to see her standing at the door. He was surprised however to find that she was still naked. She didn't say a word but simply got into the shower with him and hugged him tight as the hot water cascaded over them both. 

He knew that she wasn't asking for another round of sex but she just wanted some comfort. She had been whimpering and struggling in her sleep the whole night that he wished he could have entered her dream and save her. 

***

Undine was sitting in her lodge office thinking about what had happened the day before. When she had knelt beside Jack's body, she had noticed that although he had a small hole in his chest, it was not caused by a bullet. Even in that instance, she had sensed that no lead had passed through his blood. 

Unable to put the thought out of her head, she went back to her daughter's bookshop to find more answers. 

The police from the fire squad were already there when she arrived. Not wanting to appear suspicious, Undine focused on the best form of water she could be; invisible, yet fluid enough to move... and that was water vapour. 

She soon confirmed her earlier hunch when she overheard the men talking about a lack of accelerant and point of origin. It seemed almost impossible, they had said, but the path of the fire was similar to that of a bomb; meaning that it was from an external source. It was no accident, they concluded but a possible arson case.

Undine was wondering if Dahut's old classmates had decided to burn her daughter's bookshop out of spite but then again, there were no traces of explosives. 

Deciding that she's had enough, Undine materialized at the edge of the water bank then dived. 

It was then she saw a long spear at the base of the lake. Undine had found it odd that it was there as she had never seen it before. 

Swimming closer, she noticed, to her horror that it had pierced through the body of a fish that held a note in its mouth! 

Trying to control her temper, she gently pulled the spear from the dead fish and removed the piece of note from its mouth. She motioned the scavenging cichlids waiting nearby to take the dead fish away. It was the cycle of life, she understood. One dies to be the food of another. 

Taking the note, she resurfaced the shore. 

"And eye for an eye. Feel my pain." 

For a moment Undine was transfixed at the words on the parchment... and then understanding registered. 

"Connor" she whispered. Undine closed her eyes and tried to remember ... 

She had been pregnant and they had had sex less and less. But Undine had always suspected that it wasn't so much because he feared for the baby but that he considered her bloated and undesirable. But she tried to stay happy and they lived happily until that fateful day when she saw him with another woman... that woman. 

She had been ripped apart. She could not remember her past, where she came from or who her parents were. But she had remembered being happy and contented when he asked her to marry him. He had sworn faithfulness to her, for every waking breath and she had accepted his oath. 

Undine looked at her hands, saw the wrinkling skin and understood what had happened. Connor had finally died... and she was no longer immortal. She had cursed him with her immortality, such that when he was awake, he would still have his breath, but when he slept, his breath would be taken away from him. 

Fear suddenly struck her deep in her heart... She was going to die... eventually... she would finally age... and she would begin to remember... 

She was Undine, guardian of the sea and she was going to protect her daughter at all cost. That woman had probably came to look for her; saw her talking to Jack the other day when she came to tell him that Dahut would not be coming to work, and mistaken him as her new lover and killed him- no... more like burn a hole through his heart. Poetic. 

Undine had to act fast. With her immortality gone, it meant that Dahut would have gained hers and would now be getting more powerful. That woman need not know that Dahut existed. Undine knew that she would hunt her out and Undine resigned herself to the fact that she would eventually have to fight that woman. 

Her instincts told her that this woman could wield fire and that, at least would put her at a disadvantage against Undine. This was furthermore a community built in the middle of a lake. But... should she die... she could not bear the thought of that woman hunting for Dahut. 

Determined, Undine returned back to the lodge. 

***

When she entered the family room at the lodge, she saw that Lissy was already fussing over Dahut; pouring her a cup of malt drink as well as insisting that she ate the muffins placed in front of her. She was leaning on Tristan, her face pallid and her stance weak. She didn't even resist Lissy when the woman shove a spoonful of honey into her mouth. 

Undine became more worried. 

Approaching the trio, she called out to Tristan and brought him into her office. 

"Sit," she said kindly. 

"Ma'am, you haven't slept well either last night." Undine simple smiled at him before speaking. 

"Tristan... I hope this does not sound rude of me... but, has your mother passed on?" 

Tristan simply looked at Undine then nodded. 

"About a decade ago..."

"You know she can't die..."

"She was burnt at stake... and she died. It seems that mortal damage doesn't kill... but when exposed to an element at high intensity and volume, it can kill."

"Why didn't she protect herself? Why didn't she fight?"

"Because... she wanted to protect me... she didn't want the villagers to think I was a witch too and burn me... so I ran away... and travelled to New York..."

Undine kept silent for a while before speaking. 

"I am dying Tristan... I am no longer immortal. You need to understand what I'm going to say and I hope you understand what I'm going to ask you to do..."

Tristan looked at her intensely and nodded. 

"You gained your immortality only after your mother's death... meaning that you grew up as a mortal and you had a memory. I don't. I don't even know where I came from. It was as if I was born into this form. But I will begin to remember now that I am mortal again."

"Why are you dying Undine?"

"It's a long story my child... but I need you to understand that whoever killed Jack had intended to kill me... and now that I am mortal, I fear not for myself, but for Dahut."

"Is she in danger?" Tristan asked, his voice faltering slightly. 

"I fear she might be. A woman armed with revenge would not be rational. I need you to take Dahut with you to New York tomorrow. Let her stay there with you..."

"And you?"

"She will hunt me... and if Dahut is with me, she might kill her as well... and I cannot let that happen Tristan... She's the only person that truly loved me for me..." said Undine, in between sobs. "I will stay here and fight this person... and if I die... you'll know..." 

"No! No... I will stay here and fight alongside you, Undine. Please!"

"You must protect Dahut now my child... this is not your battle... keep her safe for me."

Tristan held back the tears that were threatening to fall. Undine was just like his mother! Sacrificing herself for her child. It was so unfair! 

"Undine... I think whoever tried to kill Jack already knows about Dahut... or at least she would find out eventually."

"No! How?"

"Last night, Dahut seemed possessed by something... and after I pondered about it, I realized that whoever's hunting you must have placed a curse or a tracking spell on the person who'd first hurt for Jack. I remember her standing transfixed on Jack's body when she came into the burning shop."

"Damn damn damn that woman!" Undine paced her office, trying to think. "Umm... no... you must still bring Dahut away from here. If what you said is true... then I have no choice, but I have to defeat this woman..."

"Even at the cost of your life?"

"I have lived for a long time my child... and I have given life to another... and raised her well...and that... is enough for me..." 

Undine gave Tristan a warm hug and gestured him out of her office. She needed to be alone...

***

The parting was very difficult but Undine had somehow reassured Dahut that everything would be fine. She didn't tell her the same things she told Tristan but had instead told her that a change of air would help her grieve better for her lost friend. Dahut, still weak, had not resisted much. Undine had been helpless when she saw that she could not take away the spell that had been put on her daughter. Instead, she could only bring a bottle of brew that was made from the lake's water to soothe her daughter's nerves. 

From New York, they took another flight towards Southampton where Tristan spent his summer and winter vacations in. He knew that Dahut needed to be near water and the cement jungle of New York City would only suffocate her.

A driver had picked them up from the airport and when they reached the gates of his house, Tristan felt a sense of relief wash over him. Some things never change and were dependable. Like his sturdy house, which he had designed for himself and overseen all the works. He had it built in the honour of his mother and it brought him comfort to call this place his home. 

Having control over the ground, the vegetations and the rocks, Tristan had turned his gift into an amazing aptitude for architecture. He now ran the top architectural firms in New York. But even with the wealth that came from the business, he was relatively lonely. That's why he had gone camping and fishing all over the world, searching for company. 

Dahut was still relatively weak but was able to stand on her feet and insisted that she walked to the door by herself. 

The house was empty but it was clean and smelled of pine. Having lived in a lodge her whole life, Dahut could not contain her excitement when she saw the beautiful chandeliers and winding stairs. 

"You... live here?" 

"Well... mostly when I want to get away from work..." said Tristan with a soft smile. "Why don't I show you your room? You'll love it." 

Holding her hand, he guided her up the stairs to the west wing of his house. Dahut's eyes immediately widened when she saw the room. It had full glass windows at three sides of the room and it overlooked the sea. It felt as if she was standing in the water. Considering that it was facing west, she was sure that she would be able to see the sunset from her bedroom if she wanted to. 

Turning around, she gave a shy smile and hugged him. "Thank you... for everything..." she said. 

Tristan smiled and closed the door to give her some privacy. 

When he was gone, Dahut sat on the bed and gave a long sigh... She already felt homesick. Taking the bottle of water her mother had packed, she took a sip and felt her energies returning. 

Looking at the suitcase her mother had helped her pack, she burst into tears. She missed her mother. 

She looked out at the horizon and saw that it was nearly dusk. She should change and ask Tristan if they could get something to eat. 

Rummaging her suitcase, she pulled out a pair of jeans and a tank top. New York felt warmer than back in the Lake of the Woods and she didn't want to risk wearing long sleeves. Stripping bare, she wrapped a towel around her body and headed to the shower.  

Downstairs, Tristan felt her movements and smiled knowing that she was at ease. He knew that she would be starving, as was he and so he was making some goulash. 

When she entered the kitchen a while later, she was surprised to see him behind the stove, stirring something in the pot that smelled delicious. 

"That smells good..." she commented. Tristan was about to say the same thing about her as well. Having washed up, she smelled of soap and distinctively female. 

"Wanna come and see what's for dinner?" he asked instead. 

"You're not trying to seduce me with food are you?" she asked jokingly and gave a small chuckle. 

"Not when the food's not in your stomach..." he retorted. 

Taking a spoon, she scooped up a bit of the soup to taste. The warmth of the flavours went down her throat and she closed her eyes in pleasure. 

"It's in now..." she said then launched herself on him. If he was surprised, he surely hid it well for his face bore no expression. 

Their mouths were on each other, ravaging each other; her hand impatiently pulling his shirt off his body. 

He could feel himself getting hard, aroused by her lush breasts pressing itself against him. Tristan moaned when he felt her hands inside the waistband of his pants, searching for his throbbing cock. 

"Let me turn off the fire first..." he said breathlessly. "Do you want to do it here?" he said as he tried to tear the tank top off her. 

"Mmmm," she mumbled as she pushed down her own jeans and underwear, leaving her pussy exposed. 

Taking that as a yes, Tristan began to unbuckle his pants, leaving on his boxers only. 

Now in the light, Dahut was able to see his body to her heart's content; his body was lean and his toned muscles showed that he worked out... but it was the bulge between his legs that caught her attention. She licked her lips, knelt down and cupped his hardened cock in her hands. She kissed its head gently through the thin cotton of the boxers while massaging his balls slowly. 

Tristan moaned and pulled down the waistband of his boxers and placed her hands on his throbbing cock. Dahut merely smiled and without warning, engulfed his cock with her warm mouth. 

"Oh, baby... you're killing me... fuck!" She was good, sucking his cock with her lips locked tight; her finger slowly rubbing her own clit in anticipation. 

Dahut felt him grow bigger and harder in her mouth until she could no longer take it all in her mouth when he thrust his hips forward. Tristan knew then that it was time to pleasure her. Pushing her lacy bra upwards, he grabbed her breasts and started to suck on one of her nipples while rubbing the other between his thumb. She started moaning and bucking her hips, begging him for more. Tristan could only oblige by bringing both nipples into his mouth to suck while he inserted two fingers into her already wet pussy. 

He pushed his fingers slowly inside of her, teasing her juices out. His mouth had left her nipples and were making love bites all over her breasts as if marking her. 

"Please Tristan... no more teasing... please..." she begged as she squirmed to allow more of his fingers to penetrate her. Tristan merely stilled and watched her move up and down his fingers, fucking herself. It turned him on greatly and the next time she went down, he drove his fingers up in a quick and rough manner, making her scream from pure pleasure. Fucking her with his fingers, he watched as she writhed around in ecstasy. 

When she started to cum, he released her breasts and lifted her up and impaled her onto his hard cock, making them both moan out loud with pleasure. She was bouncing on him now, screaming and begging him to fuck her harder. Tristan wasn't sure how long more he was going to last with her fucking him senseless like that. Pulling himself out, he turned her over and pushed her face down to the floor so that her pussy was open for his taking. 

He grabbed her curvy ass and pushed them apart to let him have more access to her sweet pussy. Her scent of arousal was strong and he was hungry for it. He began to lick at her juices, sucking on her clit every now and then. Then using his tongue, he fucked her pussy; darting his tongue in and out and licking her lips, teasing her. 

"Tristan, Tristan! Please, please... fuck me!!!" she screamed, unable to take the torture anymore. 

Tristan gave a sly grin, gave her pussy a few licks before pushing his hard cock back into her wet hot pussy. In the new position, her pussy felt even tighter and Tristan was moaning breathlessly as he grabbed her hips to fuck her harder, responding to her every moan. 

"I'm going to cum baby..." he said, unable to hold off any longer. Pulling himself out, he turned her around and watched her greedily take his cock into her mouth. She was so sexy with her tousled hair and flushed face that he came in hot jets into her mouth. 

She swallowed every drop of his cum and Tristan swore, if he wasn't so spent he would turn her over and fuck her again. 

"Mmm..." she moaned appreciatively. "There better be enough of whatever's cooking coz I'm starving," she said, licking her lips. 

Tristan smiled at her warmly as they helped each other up. His knees felt a little wobbly. While standing there scooping goulash into a bowl, he realized that it was his first time being naked in his kitchen. He laughed... a low rumble at first then roared in hysterics. 

"What?" chuckled Dahut as she picked up their clothes. 

"I'm really beginning to like you a lot Dahut," he said and watched her blush. He almost wanted to laugh again at the thought that she could still blush right after they had fucked each other senseless. 

"I like you a lot too Tristan..." she said shyly. Dahut could feel the heat in her cheeks from her blush and felt embarrassed at the fact that she never said 'I like you' to anyone before. It was then she wondered how many women Tristan had brought home and made love to. The thought made her sad, so she simply pushed it away and smiled brightly at him instead. 

"So what do you want to do later, Dahut?" 

"I don't know... explore your house? It's really huge. Why don't you give me a tour?" she suggested. 

"Yeah, that'd be good. Get the food into your stomach Dahut and then we'll have that tour," he said, smiling warmly at her. 

Watching her eat, Tristan felt a sharp pain in his heart. He had kept his promise to Undine to not tell Dahut about her mother's sacrifice... but at the same time, it killed him to watch her smile like that, unknowing that she might lose her mother. Perhaps he could show her something that might help her understand better in the future. He himself had recently learned a few things in the course of his search for his mother's past. It had allowed him to come to terms with his loss; perhaps it could help her do the same when the time comes. 

During their tour of his house, Tristan had purposely brought her to his library; hoping to enchant her with his collection of books. Seeing that he had lived at least a century before her, he had collected a massive amount of books; even those that were purported to have been burnt during the many world revolutions. When he saw her eyes widen in both awe and shock, he knew it would take only a matter of suggestions to get her to read what he needed her to find out. 

Dahut had settled in the plush green suede chair and was taking in the beauty of his library. The shelves were ceiling high and on it, there were all sorts of books. But what amazed her was that some of the books were the first edition or the unpublished types. She was lost in her own thoughts that she didn't hear him calling to her. 
