 It was almost dusk when our Roland awoke from a sleep pleasantly troubled by the images of willing girls throwing themselves at him in order to sample his skills at passion and amour. As those images slipped away, he came to consciousness aware that an extremely enjoyable sensation was taking place down by his groin.

With a start he realised that he was lying on his back, and that the sensation was that of a mouth engulfing him down to the root of his engorged manhood. In shock he started to lift himself up, only to feel a girl's hand on his chest push him back down. He had seen the golden curls and wavy locks of his sleeping beauty, and so he smiled and lay back...happy to receive this unusual but welcome service. And then shot up again with a cry.

The hand that had pushed him down had not been hers, but had appeared from one side. He looked over in shock, and saw a cute pert nosed brunette with laughing eyes and cherry red lips grinning at him. With a soft country lilt she spoke to him.

"Fear not, O brave Sir Roland. I am Madeline; maid to the fair Rosanna. She was, until your arrival, a beautiful princess cursed to slumber in this bed until awakened by a brave and worthy knight. Now, as you can tell, my lady has a desire to show her deep gratitude in sundry ways, and I am here to serve both of you in whatever way I can."

Roland could have sworn that the look in the wenches' eyes was offering service of a very personal nature. However, he decided that discretion was the better part of valour.

"In that case", he announced, as regally as any man could who is receiving oral sex from a very skillful lover, "I will have a goblet of white wine to quench my thirst."

"And what my Master wishes he shall receive, of course", the maid purred as she rose from her kneeling position beside the bed and made her way to a table laid with all manner of fine refreshments.

Even though distracted by the sweet Rosanna below who was about to receive a second helping of his manly gift, he couldn't help but notice how Madeline's tight laced bodice emphasised the fullness of her breasts and slimness of her waist. As she moved, it was with a sway of the hips that held his eyes...and thinking about bending her over the table and thrusting into her cunny caused him to spurt out his cream into Rosanna's mouth. As he came, he cried out, and Madeline paused to look back over her shoulder with a coquettish smile, thrusting her bottom out at him.

"Well, good Sir Knight, it seems that you have some stamina in you."

Rosanna had now released his softening cock and was sliding up the bed towards him, licking her lips like a very satisfied kitten.

"And I see that you have made the acquaintance of my very helpful maid."

"I am only obeying your instructions, as always my mistress, and looking after your guest in any way I can."

Madeline had returned with two generous golden goblets of cool wine sprinkled with sherbet, and after serving her Master and Mistress, sank to her knees again at his side.

Feeling sated and content, Roland sipped his wine and sank back into the cushions with Rosanna cuddled into his arms.

"So tell me," he said idly, "how was it that you were cursed to slumber in this bed until I came to rescue you?"

Rosanna shifted in his arms, moving her slim body until she could look up into his eyes. Madeline sat back, a watchful expression in her eyes.

"It was all the fault of my mother the Queen.", Rosanna started. "She said that she wanted the best for me, and so it was that on my naming day, she invited wise witches from all over the kingdom to grant me naming day gifts. One granted me beauty, and another wealth. A third gave me health and another grace. However, my mother had neglected to invite the oldest witch. It was because she considered her too old and cranky and she said that the old bat smelled. However, the old witch had found out about the naming day and turned up anyway. Knowing that the other gifts prevented her from hurting me physically, she decided to hurt me in another way. According to my mother the old woman had stood over my cot and sang: 

'Beauty and health, 

grace and wealth, 

she shall have to the end of her days.

But when she's eighteen,

and soon to be queen,

from a prick she shall sleep always.'

"My parents were of course horrified, and tried to stop me being hurt by any sharp object. But on the day of my eighteenth birthday, as I was walking in the garden, I was given a red rose by an old woman who claimed to have once been my nurse. As I took it, though, she pressed my hand to a thorn, and when I felt it pierce my skin, I fell to the ground fast asleep. My mother had me placed up here on this bed, and then an enchantment was placed on this castle keeping me safe. The rose that had sent me to sleep became the hedge to protect me, and some of my personal servants agreed to be placed into a deep sleep alongside me ready to serve me when I awoke."

"Because I was already asleep, the only spell powerful enough that could undo that evil magick was that I be rescued by a knight who was willing to overcome any obstacle to save me. And so...my dear saviour...you are here."

Roland...pleased to be cast in such a noble light, smiled graciously, and finished off his drink. As he licked the last of the sherbet from his lips, he felt a tingling glow thrill through his body. Holding Rosanna in his arms, her soft hair caressing his chest and her thigh resting on his hip, he cupped a small nut-firm buttock, and knew that already he was ready to tumble with her again. Emboldened by her nakedness, he leaned down and kissed her soft lips, marvelling at the way that they yielded up their sweet nectar.

She giggled and moved up his body, placing her arms around his head and her elbows just above his shoulder. 

"I am so pleased that my lord is ready to seek more pleasure in my arms. However, before he ravishes me, I would crave a boon."

Roland felt that with her saucy smile and arched eyebrows, he would grant her any boon she desired, as long as there was sex involved in it somewhere. He smiled and nodded his assent. Rosanna coyly dropped her face and looked up at him through her eyelashes.

"As you have received pleasure from my lips, I would ask that I might be allowed to receive the same from yours."

Roland look startled, wondering exactly what pleasure she might be referring to. Surely he and she had both enjoyed that earlier kiss.

"I am sorry my darling," Rosanna hastened on "I can see that I have confused you. What I am asking is that you lie back onto the pillow and let me sit over your mouth so that I might feel your kiss on my tenderest place."

Roland now looked shocked...wondering how he could, in all honesty, grant such a strange desire.

"But I would not want you own pleasure to go lacking" Rosanna finished. "My maid Madeline will sit astride your hips and keep your hardness warm with her cunny. All I ask is that you allow her to change places with me and not to shed your seed until I am the one to receive it."

Roland looked stunned...unwilling to say anything unless he broke the possibility of enjoying both these charming girls at the same time.

"Um Um..." he stuttered, "Um that would be most satisfactory.

With a delighted cry Rosanna sprang to her feet and took Madeline by the hand.

"Come my maid, I have a worthy service for you, and a reward to gladden your heart."

And so, naked and dancing lightly, she set to undressing her maid, stripping her servant's clothes like petals until she too was as naked as her mistress.

Looking at the pair, Roland was struck by how different, yet alike in desire they looked. Madeline was darker, shorter and rounder. Where Rosanna was a slim colt with high firm titties, Madeline was curved with full firm breasts and prominent nipples. Both were alike shaven, and their cunts glistened with arousal. With a groan, he laid back on the bed, somehow knowing that his hardest task would be to hold back his climax while these two wenches rode him to ecstasy and back.

Rosanna made a great play or making sure that Madeline was comfortably settled before taking her own place. Roland has bitten his lip almost to bleeding when he felt his cock held by one girl's hand as the other impaled herself on it with a sigh of happiness. He looked up and his member twitched in the velvet vice as he took in the view of thrusting breast and soft smile framed by dark clouds of hair.

And then, facing her maid, Rosanna sat over his face, and carefully lowered her peach like sex onto his lips. Even though he couldn't see, he knew that the two girls were not only moving on his body so as to either rub his face or ride his cock, but also to lean forward and kiss each other. The sheer thought of what they did made him arch his back, straining hard not to explode with all the sensations he was feeling. Almost to distract himself he started licking and sucking the tender flesh in front of him, holding the thighs steady with his hands. 

Initially he had thought that he would feel uncomfortable in this position, but he quickly discovered the joy of supping on the sweet fruit to hand, licking and slurping as he nibbled on the tenderest morsel. The cries and whimpers of both his companions indicated that they were equally happy with their positions, until, almost simultaneously, he felt them both hold themselves rigid and then shudder, shaking with delicious waves of pleasure.

Caught almost off guard, Roland felt naked as the two girls dismounted, and then changed places. This time Madeline held him steady and Rosanna inched herself over his hard length, easing her tight wetness like a silken garter down his shaft. Once her mistress was settled and smiling like cat, Madeline reached down and kissed Roland full on his lips, and then took her mistress's former place.

He immediately noticed a darker, earthier scent, and that her cunt was more engorged, like a rampant tropical flower. Compared to Rosanna's girlish delicate folds, Madeline was full and hungry, demanding more intense and painful pleasures. Where before he had licked, he now probed; where before he had kissed, he now sucked hard, and where before he had nibbled, he now bit, harder and harder, until she ground down and screamed out in pleasure pain, thrusting up and down as she came hard over his face. Her climax sparked off his own, his cum geysering up into Rosanna's womb in hard spurts, itself triggering her clenching, fluttering spasms so that he felt that his essence was being milked out of him.

With gasps, the girls almost fell off him, one to each side, and all three lay there..breathing heavily, while Roland wondered what one said to a lady after sharing her pleasures with another.