 As Philip thrust the final blow to kill the evil fairy she started laughing. She knew Princess Aurora's curse was not over, that the instant she fell asleep tonight she would again be in a coma, this time filled with dreams of a real kiss of love. Upon waking all her pent up virginal sexual desires would be unleashed. That is if she ever woke up. The dragon fairy roared in laughter as it died.

Prince Philip was eager for a quick wedding so he and his true love could start a family and live happily ever after. Her family had other plans wanting them to wait as they had not seen their daughter since she was a baby. Aurora kissed him good night and asked him to be patient. The kiss only roused his desires but he was mollified as she seemed as eager as he was to consummate their relationship.

His frustration built and finally he slipped unnoticed to her bed chamber. Philip entered to see her clad in a diaphanous gown stretched out on a big bed. He was glad his bed trousers were loosely fit as he moved over to her calling her name softly. When she didn't move he try touching her face. Again she was still, his heart started pounding and his thoughts frantically went to the worst case scenario. Could he still marry her? In her stupor would she be responsive enough to mate with him and bear children? He found her passive form arousing and he leaned over to kiss her, in the small hope she would waken. Nothing happened. He suddenly realized there were all sorts of places he could kiss her for the first time, and with the power of true love within him he kissed her forehead, eyelids, cheek, and chin leaving no piece of her pale perfect flesh untouched. 

Philip's fingers trembled as he undid her night gown revealing her soft curves, could she respond to him like this? He wasn't sure he could enter her without her consent as he kissed down her neck, to her shoulders, working his way down to her breasts. Her skin was soft and he felt guilty when he discovered he was leaving red marks on her pale breasts. He was emboldened by the fact that her yet untouched nipples had hardened into perfect rose colored buds. He tugged and twisted them hoping to wake her, but alas no other response as of yet. His mouth devoured each nipple in turn eagerly tasting the flesh of her body as he ravaged her tits.

Finally his mouth went down sucking and kissing the soft plane of her stomach, he was already imagining it full and round with child as his mouth descended lower. The v of her legs called out to him and his fingers explored first finding her wet and responsive. His prick was ready for action at the thought of getting to feel her. He lowered his head and ever so sweetly and tenderly kissed her pussy lips, tonguing the wet folds, his hunger unleashed.

Aurora was dreaming of being licked all over by an unseen tongue, the sensual feel a constant torment as she slumbered. She did not hear her prince, but she did feel him and she wished she could respond. When her heavy eyelids fluttered open she almost asked what he was doing, but was unable to speak as unbelievable pleasure burned through her body and her private place felt very very wet.

Prince Philip was enjoying his task and hadn't noticed Aurora had been roused as he continued to taste her, enjoying the flow of juices from her orgasm. He could wait no longer, curse or no curse he wanted to be joined with her. 

Aurora's eyes were still heavy and she was struggling to rouse from her sensual slumber, she noticed Philip had moved his face from between her legs and he barely opened eyes focused on the strange shaft of flesh sticking out between his legs. She quickly realized what it was and what he intended to do, she wanted to say no, but every fiber of her body yearned for him. She had only seen animals before and then only occasionally catching a stag or other large animal engorged and wanting to mate. Philip's member outdid them all and as it moved closer to her waiting cunt she spread her legs wide, knees bent slightly, arching her back, and feeling like a cherished whore.

He noticed she had moved only after the tip of his cock penetrated her slick folds, her tight virginal pussy making him ache that much more. He smiled seeing her eyes slowly open and he leaned over and kissed her, pressing his long thick royal cock deeper inside her, easily breaking past her innocence and penetrating her completely. He felt her legs wrap around him and was surprised when she began playing with her thick tits. His sweet love was his whore and he grinned.

He fucked her harder than he intended as she was begging him to and he realized just how loud she was getting when he slowed down. His mouth drowned out her cries of passion as her body responded, with intense bursts of pleasure for her, and increased heat and wetness for him. He noticed the sun was rising and he finished off, thrusting deep inside her. His own release was well overdue and when he withdrew his cock refused to go down without a fight. He glanced at her seeing her pussy oozing cum, and he leaned over to kiss her again.

He was trying to pull up his pants when she moved and before he knew it she was sucking his cock like a whore. Philip liked the new Aurora but did not want to get caught. Her breasts pressed up against him and he ran his fingers through her golden locks and looked into her eyes and gave her what she so desperately was trying to get. His second orgasm was equally intense but less explosive. He pulled back seeing his cock finally was satisfied.

"I have to go, your maids will be in at any minute," he tied up his pants, watching her lick his cum from her lips. She looked amazing and he gave her one last kiss before leaving her bedroom.

Princess Aurora had never felt so warm and satisfied, and she cleaned herself up before her maid's arrived. She would have to rush the wedding, even if she wasn't pregnant yet she doubted it would be long before she was.