 My alarm went off and I scrabbled at the off button and finally turned it off. I blinked for a second and found my glasses on the bedside table, then put them on. As I continued to blink the room came into focus and my boyfriend groaned something inarticulate as he drug a pillow over his face. Grinning, I set the alarm to go off later and wake him up for work.

The cat was pawing at the edge of our bedroom door, so I opened it, letting him out. Before I left the bedroom I grabbed my housecoat and threw it on. As I walked into the kitchen I sighed. Our best friends had been over there night before. They were getting married in a couple weeks, and we'd been going over their wedding plans, making sure we were up to speed on everything. They had been together almost as long as my boyfriend and I, and we were approaching six years. It was going to be a great wedding.

The kitchen was a mess; there were bottles and dishes everywhere. So, instead of hopping straight into the shower as planned, I spent ten minutes cleaning up the kitchen. Tossing the last bit of garbage into the trash bin, I headed towards the bathroom. 

I dropped my robe onto the bathroom tiles and stepped into the tub, drawing the shower curtain closed behind me. As I was soaping up my hair the cat managed to push the door open and hopped up onto the edge of the tub, batting at any little sprays of water that came towards him. After rinsing off I stepped onto the bathmat and toweled off. Wrapping the towel around my head turban style I walked back into the kitchen and turned on the dishwasher. 

Quietly, as to not wake up my boyfriend, I opened the bedroom door and snuck in. I picked my clothes out of the closet and got dressed. White tank top, cute knee length frilly blue skirt and a knitted teal shawl. After getting dressed I walked out into the kitchen and grabbed a yogurt out of the fridge.

I sat down at the computer and checked some emails while eating breakfast. As I replied to the last email from one of my friends I noticed my lords of dogtown soundtrack had finished downloading. I fished around in my schoolbag that was beside my computer and found my mp3 player. I happily put the new songs on it, and, breakfast done, got ready to leave. I headed out the door and walked to school, listening to my new music, happily.

Class was boring again. One of the girls in the front kept asking for clarification on the easiest points. I spent half of the class staring into space as the teacher patiently explained yet again how to factor a perfect square. After class was our short lab, which passed by quickly as it always did.

After the lab I had noticed it was getting really hot outside, and the idea of having to walk home in the heat didn't appeal. So I was walking to the bus stop and decided to get a coffee. At the coffee shop, I noticed my friend who was over last night, "Hi!" I called out and he gave me a wave as he sipped his coffee. "I thought you had to work today?" I asked him.

"Naw," he shook his head after swallowing, "I got the day off. They hit a gas line, and the site got shut down." I nodded, he was working during the summer at a construction site and there was a lot of stop and go. "I left my bike helmet at your place right now, are you headed home?"

"I am," I replied, "and I am going to take the bus, it's too hot to walk all that way."

He said, "Oh, in that case, I'll come with you, if you can give me a ride home after?"

"Sure," I agreed. I walked or bussed to school because parking was too expensive, and giving him a ride home would be no problem. We walked to the bus stop as we finished our coffees. A number four bus was pulling in as we arrived at the bus station, and without paying too much attention, we got on. The bus was crammed, and we had to stand up, in the back. I grabbed on of the loop things and he reached overtop of me and grabbed the bar the loop was attached too.

As the bus pulled away we chatted about various things, the new smoking by law, and so on. As we talked the bus continued to get fuller and fuller. About ten minutes after the bus had pulled away from the station we were squished together, as was everyone else. It was then we noticed the bus was headed in the wrong direction. We both groaned as we realized we were on the westbound #4, instead of the eastbound. We weren't exactly familiar with the part of the city the bus was driving through either, as we both lived east of the school. So instead of getting off and trying to find an other bus, and getting lost, we just decided to ride this number four to the end, because it would turn around and head back east. 

After another ten minutes or so a horde of screaming toddlers got on the bus. Our conversation was immediately drowned out by their noise, so I pulled out my headphones and my friend did the same. We laughed at each other as we each did the same thing, and then cranked up our respective volumes. The lady in the seat I was facing got up, and another person immediately took her place. The bus took a corner and the same time, and I almost toppled forward, as I was off balance from letting the woman up and out.

My friend reached around and grabbed me to keep me from falling. Everyone was packed like sardines in the bus, and he tried to move his arm back, but elbowed someone who glared at him. Shrugging an apology at me he left his arm where it was, with his had on my stomach between my tank top and shawl.

A couple minutes later I was tapping my foot in time to the song I was listening too, not paying any attention to what was going on, when we went over a huge bump. I tightened my grip on the overhead loop but was still thrown off balance, as I don't have the best coordination ever. My friend just held on tight to the overhead rail and tightened the arm he had against me. I was happy I didn't fall into the person sitting in the sear I was pressed against. As I relaxed I noticed my friend's hand was now up higher on my ribs, and with every bump the bus went over my breast rested on his thumb for a fraction of a second.

We stopped at a major station and there was a large influx of new passengers, as well as a bunch getting off. We wound up in basically the same spot, but now he was pressed up flat against my back, with his crotch just above my ass. Even with the bus windows open, it was starting to get very hot. I could feel sweat starting to bead on the back of my neck and slide down.

My mp3 player stopped, it had reached the end of its track list. Sighing I looked down; the player was hooked onto the edge of my handbag. I leaned over, reaching for the strap of my bag. As I bent over my ass pressed up and into my friend's groin. Instead of moving his arm to let me get my bag easier, he kept his hand just under my breast. The light bra built into the tank top did very little to keep my breast from pinning his hand under it, as I grabbed the mp3 player.

As I straightened up, his hand slid around until it was grabbing my side, his fingers under my breast, flat against my chest, but his thumb pressed against the soft side of my breast. Turning the mp3 player back to the start of the play list, I licked my lips and swallowed hard. I was trying not to think about how closely we were mashed together by all the people. Clearing my throat I stared out the window.

With stop and turn the bus made he was pressed against me. My nipples grew stiff against the fabric of my shirt as his cock grew hard inside his shorts and pressed into my lower back. I leaned my shoulders against his chest thinking, "The bus is just full, that is why we're pressed together like this, we are not really grinding against one another and becoming -" then the bus would turn right and I would have to bite my lip to keep from gasping as his erection was pressed hard into my ass and then lifted back to rest against my lower back.

Under my shawl, his fingers crept upwards until his hand was cupping the underside of my breast. I leaned back and he squeezed. The woman in the seat in front of me got up and I had to turn around to let her grab her bag. Now our fronts were pressed against each other, I could feel my friend's hard on up against my stomach. My panties clung to me, wet and sticky. 

Our stop was just up ahead. I was almost afraid to move, but I did and he did as well, we both unhooked our respective headphones and I grabbed my handbag, and we moved to the front of the bus. The walk from the bus stop to my house was uncomfortable. I would glance and him, and look down before he would glance sideways at me, then look down. We walked the half block to my house in silence, where I fumbled with my keys, and then unlocked the door.

He followed me inside, and as I walked into the kitchen the floor rang. I picked it up and it was my mom. As I nervously said hi to her and asked how she was he pulled out a kitchen chair and sat down. Mom went on about her vegetable garden and I turned around to face him and he looked down at his hands. I mhmmed and uhuhed into the receiver as he reached up and ran his hand along the back of my knee. His fingers stroked the flesh there tickling me, and I giggled then jerked away my leg. 

My mom proceeded to then tell me she was going to come up to the city, and so on and so forth, the whole time he kept tickling the back of my leg and up the back of my thigh under my skirt. I turned away to get a marker to write the date mom was telling me on the calendar and as I did his hand snaked its way up the inside of my thigh. I was telling my mom about my last math test when his thumb started to rub against my soaked panties. I curled my toes, in an attempt to focus on what Mom was saying about Grandma when the crotch of my panties were pulled aside and he started to trail his fingers up and down along my slippery slit.

I told my mom I had to go, said goodbye and hung up the phone. Still holding tightly onto the cordless phone I closed my eyes and let out an audible low grunt as his finger flicked against my clit then trailed back down to where they seemed to toy with entering me, then back up. That noise seemed to be admission as to what was happening on both our parts. His hand stopped and he slipped his fingers inside the waist of my skirt and tugged.

The skirt puddle around my ankles, and I stepped out of it and my sandals at the same time, turning around to face him at the same time. I took a step forward, and he caught my leg and stood up, his other hand grabbing my ass, and lifting me up with him. I wrapped my hands behind his neck and he easily walked over to the couch where he sat down. As we sat down he pulled my panties down my legs until the were just above my knees 

My knees were on either side of his legs, thighs parted as I straddled him. He reached forward and trailed his fingertips through the sparse, trimmed hair above my wet slit. He then put his hands around my waist and lifted me off of his lap, I kicked off my underwear and he settled me back onto his lap. I undid his belt, unfastened the button on his shorts and unzipped them. With one motion he lifted my arms above my head and pulled off my shirt and shawl. My breasts bounced against my chest as they came free of my shirt and both of his hands where on them.

I sat up a little and tugged his shorts down and off past his knees. I stood up on my knees making my breasts head level for him. The head of his cock brushed against the underside of my ass and pussy. Holding up one breast he closed his eyes and sucked the nipple into his mouth pulling on it gently with his teeth then sucking hard. His other hand ran up and down and up and down my ass. He reached around behind me with that hand and without any preamble drove two thick fingers into me. I gasped and squirmed and he bit down on my nipple which only served to make me squirm harder.

As he rolled his fingers inside me, pulling them out and pushing them back in, he let go of my right breast and moved onto my left one. Grinning he noted the ring through my nipple and grabbed onto that with his teeth. I whimpered as he pulled the nipple into his mouth and sighed as he decided to suck on it, flicking the ring back and forth with his tongue. And I was wet. Not just to the stage where I would be easy to enter, but it was starting to run down the insides of my legs. His fingers were making slick squishing noises as they repeatedly forced their way inside of me. 

His mouth on my nipple, other hand kneading the soft pliable flesh of my right breast, I closed my eyes and whimpered as his teeth tugged on my nipple ring again. With my eyes closed he took his soaked fingers and placed on at the entrance to my asshole. Instinctively I clenched up, but he renewed sucking on my nipple with increasing fervor and I relaxed. Slowly his finger made its way into my ass. I moaned aloud as it stretched me, and my body responded by becoming even wetter than I was before.

The head of his cock was now brushing back and forth across the entrance to my pussy. My nipples throbbed and the barely there sensation of his cock combined with the single finger in my ass made me ache for more. My frustrated mewling noises made him grin and he pulled his mouth off of my breast with one last tug at the nipple ring. Placing both hands around my waist he made to pull me onto him but stopped just as the tip of his cock firmly touched my wet lips.

I struggled to lower myself onto him, but he simply held me up by the waist enjoying my frustration. With his cock planted at my opening he lowered his head and licked, then bit each nipple. My hands were locked in his hair as he made each nipple as erect as possible. With each beat of my pounding heart they seemed to pulse in synch with my clit. Then he raised his hips off of the couch and slid the head of his cock into me. Just the head, and as quickly as it was in, he pulled it out.

I growled, low in my throat and he bit my right nipple turning the growl into a panting whimper. Again he pushed himself into me, stretching my pussy wide, and then pulled out, leaving the muscles clenching and flesh on fire. He did this over and over until I was begging in-between bites and thrusts, "please, please, oh gods, please, please, all the way in, please, please, please!"

With maddening slowness he relented and lowered me onto his cock. I could feel every millimeter of it, as it stretched me open and burrowed its way deeper and yet deeper into me. With every inch he met resistance from my tight flesh. As I was filled with his cock he licked and kissed the top of my breasts, collarbone, sucked on my neck, nibbled on my jaw, and finally we were face to face.

Our eyes explored each other's and his hands trailed their way up my back and into my hair. Our lips met, chastely at first, but then opened as our tongues trailed across lips and teeth, and each other's tongues. His cock pulsed inside of me, and squeezed up against my cervix. His teeth found my bottom lip and surprisingly bit hard enough to make it bleed. The taste of blood in my mouth pushed me over any edge I was balanced on, the muscles in my pussy clenching hard as I came. 

Metallic flavor on our tongues, we kissed hard after I managed to loosen my spasaming hands from the back of his head and neck. With great delicacy, he pushed me back until I was leaning backwards, with my ass pressed into his thighs. His cock still deep inside me he lowered his mouth to my breasts again. With one hand on my back to steady me, and the other on whichever breast he wasn't sucking on, he licked and pulled on my nipples until I felt like I was aflame.

Once he had his fill of my breasts he sat back, but kept me bent backwards. He looked down towards where his cock was planted inside my pussy. Grunting he pulled my hips towards him and I gasped as cock worked its way further into me and tried to sit up, but he pushed me back. With the hand he used to push me back, he trailed his fingers down my belly where they once again hit the groomed patch of hair above my pussy. He pulled on the hair and then petted it, applying pressure and smiled as I raised my hips to meet his questing hand. 

Parting the lips that had bunched together around my clit with his ring finger and thumb he gently rubbed the fingertip of his index finger over my clit. He slid the finger up and down, getting it wet then started to rub just my clit in small circles. Come ran down the sides of his cock and the insides of my legs. I tried to hold still as the muscles in my stomach tightened and my clit spread this hot buzzing sensation through me. I licked my lips, trying to stop my second orgasm from happening so fast, but it was no use. I gave out an inarticulate cry and squeezed my eyes shut as a second orgasm ran through me.

Breathing hard, I straighten my toes and slowly opened my eyes. Grinning, my friend leaned over me and pulled me onto him. I was relaxed - and wet - enough that he and no problems forcing his way in deeper. The head of his cock hit my cervix and I cried out. He stopped momentarily to give each of my nipples a long, hard suck and then sat me all of the way forwards. I put my arms over the back of the couch as my breasts were pushed up against his strong chest. With one hand on my waist, and gripping hard onto the back of my ass, he began to fuck me.

Slowly, ever so slowly. His cock actually grew stiffer as he slid in and out of me. He did it as slowly as he could without stopping. I had no control over the rhythm as he lifted me up and down at will. Normally I required a lot of fast friction to come, but the repetitive slow thrusts, combined with the small sharp pain as he hit my cervix each time was once again bringing me to the brink of orgasm. 

I sucked in air through my teeth as the head of his cock hit my cervix again and then shuddered as it pressed against my inner walls on its way out. Then a half second of horrible emptiness followed by his thick cock slowly sliding back inside of me. I gritted my teeth and almost growled as he made his way back into me. Come was now slicking the insides of both of my thighs; sweat trickled down my spine and the crack of my ass. I closed my eyes with each thrust and then he did growl, and into my ear, "I want you to come again," in the miniscule amount of time it took my brain to process his words he bit down on my earlobe, pulling on it with his teeth, and I came, as if on command. 

The first orgasm pulsed through my pussy, and spread like fire into my breasts. Suddenly I could feel every hair on his chest that pressed against my nipples and I gasped out, "Oh gods!" as he continued to fuck me, as slowly as he had before. My come ran down the shaft of his cock as I came again, fast on the heels of the first orgasm. 

"Good girl," he whispered into my ear, with that I curled my toes and a third orgasm ripped through me, the muscles in my thighs spasming. I would have collapsed right then, but he tightened the grip on my ass and waist and kept on pumping into me. Every muscle I had was contracted as far as it would go, my toes went numb and I lost the ability to keep track of when one orgasm stopped and another began. 

He grunted as my pussy squeezed his cock harder and harder, but never did he loose rhythm. My cunt throbbed. Literally it felt like my brain was going to explode, I whimpered and cried for him to stop, and he stopped sucking on my ear and told me to, "Come for me again, baby, I like to feel it when you squeeze my cock." The tightened muscles in my stomach contracted harder and I don't think I said words, but instead let out a low and guttural cry of absolute pleasure as I came one last time, then passed out.

I opened my eyes and found him looking at me. Both hands were on my lower back, and as I blinked he smiled the kissed me. Glancing down I noticed his cock was laid against my stomach. Its head shone with wetness and I opened my mouth to protest it not being inside of me and he silenced me with another hard kiss.
