 My name is Evan, and I'll be up front with whoever's reading this, this is a post about how I got to fuck a vampire. 

Yeah you read that right, a vampire. They exist, and they have for several hundreds, if not thousands of years. From what I've gleamed from the one I'm with Minnie, she's been sired since 1811. Came from a nice quaint town in Ohio. She was a lovely colonial maiden, helping mom and pop with the general store, eating cornmeal and other preserved foods, other colonial stuff until getting abducted by a group of British men. 

The British men turned out to be businessmen who made a deal with a blood god for wealth and power. They needed a virgin to sacrifice to said blood god, so they wouldn't be killed for not finding a virgin for the blood god. Even back then those British asswipes couldn't get it together. 

Luckily for Minnie, and unluckily for the Limeys, the ceremony failed because Minnie wasn't exactly unknown to the touch of a man.

She wasn't spreading her legs for every Nathanial, George and Tomas, but she did enjoy some outer course. She gave handjobs to all of her suitors, and once a blowjob to a very handsome Frenchman who was passing through her town. She made sure to get hers too, a lot of fingering and suckling of teats, one boy who loved to eat her out. Minnie knew what sin was. 

The ceremony failed, and all 7 seven of the fuckers got blown up for failing to get a virgin. Like balloons bursting as Minnie recalled. The Blood God spared her, in a sense, because while he didn't have his sacrifice, he was still a horny fucker and had his way with her. She didn't die afterwards though, unlike the others. After he was finished, he left her living with a need to drink blood, enhanced strength and durability, agelessness, and the ability to float. It also left her distinctly thrown out of her town for being a witch, and she's been roaming the continental United States, along with parts of Europe ever since. 

So how did I meet Minnie?

Well some history on myself first. I'm a guy who's been through a tour in Iraq, and some low level PTSD from clean and not so clean kills. After the usual homecoming bullshit and milling around my hometown along with getting easy lays (I was the only soldier actually deployed in my town, almost six foot and vaguely white, the odds were stacked towards me) and getting sloppy drunk every night, I decided to make a change and head over to the West Coast.

One airline ticket and tearful goodbyes, I landed in Los Angeles. City of Angels, celebrities and junkies. I was at a place I could call home.

I was bouncing for some high end club and walking home when I heard the sounds of unmistakable violence. Normally I just shrug it off, but as soon as I heard a woman shout out, I had to investigate. I knew to stay away when I heard men fighting each other, but as soon as women were involved, I knew something else was going on and I had to jump in. It almost got me killed twice in Iraq, but I wasn't going to let some insurgents or random contractor fucks trying to get their dick wet at the cost of a woman's dignity, rules of engagement be damned.

I ran towards where I thought shit was going down, the alleyway behind some abandoned restaurant. Now I will describe what I see as best as I can. There were four people there, or what I assume were people at first. One bald white dude was on the ground, in a suit bleeding from his neck. However, he didn't have eyes and his mouth was sewn shut. Another guy, this time black but with some hair was slumped against the wall, again with the whole empty eye socket thing, but having no mouth at all. Straight skin, like that scene in the matrix where Neo's mouth gets erased by the agents. Nww the the difference here was there a massive gaping hole where his heart should've been. 

Now the last two people were struggling against each other; in the dingy night light I could make out a mohawked Asian man with a huge knife attempting an overhand stab on the other figure. The other figure was a woman in a short skirt and crop top, purple and blonde hair. There was blood over her, ostensibly from the two dead weirdos. She had one hand on the guy's wrist holding the knife, the other on his throat, her legs pressing against his chest, trying to stop him from stabbing her. 

I didn't know the fuck was going on, but I acted. I yelled stop. Now I really don't know what I was thinking yelling that, because in life or death situations, you kinda lose the ability to hear sometimes. So I yelled again, and after that didn't get any response, I ran forward, and forward kicked mohawk dude onto the ground. 

I froze for a second looking at him closer in the street light. He was heavily tattooed, his mouth was missing just like the black guy, but instead of missing eyes, his sockets had bluish-purple flames coming out of them. He quickly got up, and hissed at me.

"I don't know what's going on here," I said, unzipping my black hoodie prepping for a scrap, "But leave now. Before you end up like your other guys behind me." I didn't do shit to those guys, but I had to press like I was something fierce to the demon like man in front of me. 

And appropriately he laughed, hissing again at me.

"You should leave," he said in a gravely voice that echoed in my soul, "before you end up without a spine." 

My dick shrunk when he finished that sentence. I was more scared in my entire life then anything I had experienced in Basra. But I kept on. 

"Alright bro, come on let's go." 

I raised my fists up in a fighting stance.

Mohawk Asian strode over to me, his knife held low. I could tell he thought I was easy pickings, and in hindsight maybe I was. But for all he knew, I only had my fists and dumb bravado to fight him. 

He didn't know the 12+ plus years of martial arts training, including boxing, wrestling, MMA and knife fighting I had. He didn't know the daily pressures I faced in Iraq, going house to house with death around every corner. He didn't know the time I tried to hang myself in my room when I got back to America. He didn't know I thought I was already dead.

He also wasn't aware of the Smith & Wesson 38/44 revolver in in my shoulder holster, nor the Glock 26 in the small of my back. 

I drew the revolver and popped off two rounds in his chest, then another in his head. Mozambique was my middle name. The 38 special rounds I had were hot-loaded, with higher pressures than some .44 magnum loadings. This guy felt it, because he stumbled for a bit, before the fires went out from his eye sockets, and he tumbled forward onto the ground. 

I thought he was dead, until he raised his head up once more a brief flash of light coming from his eye sockets, before they went out again as I lit off the rest of the cylinder into his head, blowing off the top half of his skull. The mohawk was miraculously preserved and landed on the side of his body.

Like clockwork I reloaded the gun, pushing the cylinder release, slapping the ejector rod, and aligning the speedloader with the empty chambers. I briefly looked around checking for anyone standing before I cautiously stepped towards half-head and gave his body a couple kicks. No movement. Whatever he was, he wasn't anymore. 

I let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding in, and I looked around for the girl.

She was slumped against the dumpster, holding her right side, and weakly breathing. I came to her, holstering my piece.

"Hey girl, you okay? Where you bleeding from," I asked, observing her more closely. She was quite pretty, even with the blood around her mouth and in streaks on her chest. 

SHe mumbled quietly, her free hand tapping on my shoulder. 

I leaned in closer to get hear what she was saying, before I felt sharp needles in my neck. 

The girl was biting me, and before I knew it I was on the alleyway ground with my arms pressed down, the girl straddling me as she bit into my neck. I could tell she was sucking my neck, which meant she was drinking my blood. Before I passed out I thought about the all ways I was going to die through my life, but being drained to death by an vampire alt-girl wasn't one of them. 

Shit. 

-

But I didn't die. In fact I lived.

I woke up completely flabbergasted at my surroundings. I was just on the ground behind an abandoned chinese restaurant, getting the life sucked out of me by a vampire which I had saved from a guy with fire in his eye sockets and no mouth, and now I was in a bed. A very clean and white bed.

From the looks of it, it was a swanky hotel room, with a cocktail table to the right of me in the corner, and a fancy loveseat couch to the left. An empty doorway soon became filled with the alt girl again, this time clean. She was fucking beautiful.

I got a better look at her this time. She was about 5'6, pale skin. She was notably flat chested, but her ass was fuller than what her frame should've supported. Her eyes were green, and her hair was down to her shoulder, blonde with heavy streaks of purple and blue running through it. The left side was shaved, and there was a tattoo of some circle that I couldn't quite make out from the distance. She was wearing a black kimono, but I could tell she was naked underneath.

"Aren't you going to say hello?" she said in a bouncy voice, slinking towards me.

I could only studder as she floated above me, fuckign FLOATED and pulled the blanket covering me off and then levitated down onto my crouch. As soon as she touched my lap, I realized I was naked, and that my cock was resting against her warm pussy. 

I sucked in a breath as I started to harden. 

"No hellos for me," she whined as she leaned forward, her kimono getting undone. I peeked down and saw that her nipples were pierced, and another tattoo, this one like a bird was just above her navel.

"That's not nice," she said, her arms resting on my shoulders. She pouted and ground herself against my hardness. 

"H-Hi," I finally said, gripping the covers tightly. She was wet, and so warm against me. I was getting harder despite everything. 

"Finally he speaks!" She giggled, her left hand playing with my short cropped hair. 

"Am I dead or a vampire or whatever the fuck you are," I spat out as soon as I could think.

She laughed, and stopped playing with my hair, reaching down to touch the side of my neck she bit into.

"No, you're not dead Evan. You're alive. And in fact very lucky to be alive." she said, intently staring into my eyes.

"How did you know my name?"

"It was in your wallet. Plus, I had you looked up while I was bringing you here."

"What the hell did I get myself into?"

She giggled again, still grinding herself into me. She moaned softly and her free hand traced it way down from my chest, past my belly and to mingling parts. 

"You saved me, from a Herald of Agni." she said, her eyes shut. Going from the motion of her arm, I figured she was rubbing her clit as she continued to grind against me. 

"I took care of the two disciples, but those Hearlds are tricky. Luckily you helped me out with that one darling. If you didn't stop him from stabbing me with the leaf, I would be a very dead girl right now," she had undone her kimono now, exposing her self fully to me. 

The bird on her chest was a common nighthawk, nocturnal things. My uncle the birdwatcher told me about them. 

"So what does that mean for me?"

"It means," she said grasping my hand and bringing it up to her left tit, "that I have to thank you properly for killing the Hearld, and for giving me your precious blood to heal my wounds."

"Are you a vampire." I asked again. 

"In a manner of speaking, sure. My name is Minnie. I am a vampire. I need blood to live. I like the night better than the daylight, but that doesn't stop me from going outside. I don't have a pulse and I don't need oxygen."

I sucked in sharply as she grasped my cock.

"But Evan Rojas, is that what you should be thinking about right now? What I am?," she leaned in closer to me, her mouth next to my ear.

"Maybe you should be thinking about how I can thank you for saving my life." She brought my earlobe into her mouth, biting softly and sucking on it.

I swear, I've only gone cross eyed five times in my life. This was the first time from pleasure.

"And HOW, can you THAnk me," I gasped as she continued to suck on my ear and began stroking me off.

She laughed and leaned back. 

"Whatever you want darling," she waved herself up and down, smiling viciously

"Everything you think you could do with a human girl, you can do with me. And I can take it."

I don't know what came over me. Adrenaline, the feeling of being alive when I thought I was dead. Maybe I figured it was a dream and I was lucid enough to participate in it. But then, at that moment when I was given permission to do all sorts of demented shit to a woman as beautiful, and goddamn sexy as Minnie, I didn't hold back. 

I let go of her soft tit which I was holding through the entire conversation, and traced it around her pierced nipple, to which I received a soft sigh from her. And then, I twisted it hard, to which I got a sharp moan.

"Oh you naughty boy," she said, her green eyes looking deviously into mine. No sooner she finished those words I ensnared her lips with mine and kissed her.

She brought both hands up and held my head, interlinking her fingers so we couldn't part. I felt like devouring her, and I did kissing her deeply, only pausing to get more air as we made out. I darted my tongue into her mouth, and she trapped it with her fangs, sucking on it hard. My dick throbbed at that, and I instinctively reached down with both hands and grabbed a handful of her bountiful ass. 

"You like my derriere," She giggled and letting go of my tongue for a second.

"It's one of the best I've ever seen," I panted before diving in for another kiss. She let go of my head and got off of my lap.

She stood up and dropped her kimono, which was precipitously draped on her shoulders to the bed and turned around. Her ass was truly glourious. Full, soft and no stretch lines whatso ever. I couldn't believe how such a thing fit natural on a small figure like hers.

She looked back and wiggled her rear at me tantalizingly.

"Why don't you give it a kiss?"

I jumped up and smothered myself in her ass, her loud yelp a distant sound in my ear. I always wanted to eat a girl's ass, and even with my trophy status back home in Ohio, girls were only interested in missionary or half assed oral sex. The Midwest was boring.

My hands again graped ample handfuls of her ass, and I spread them apart as I licked her butthole. I don't mean to exaggerate, but it tasted fresh, like rosewater. I kept going for it more and more, pushing my face more into her beautiful tush. 

I felt a hand on the back of head holding me in place, and a cacophony of moans and gasps. I guess I wasn't doing too bad for my first time eating ass on any girl, even if it was a supernatural fucking creature. 

I pulled out for some air, even though I wanted to live in her ass. I was the one who still needed oxygen. I took a second to squeeze and wiggle her asscheeks, and I heard her infectious giggle. 

"My dear lord, you're the first one I've offered myself to that started off by eating my ass," she said. 

I bit her right cheek hard, and heard another delicious yelp.

"Don't worry, I'll get to the rest of you." I promised as I dived back into her ass.

My tongue pushed into her rosebud, trying to go in as I smothered myself once more. I hadn't forgotten about the rest of her, and I reach around with my free hand traced her slit, which I found to be soaking. She moaned louder, and again held my head in place against her ass, which I had no intention of leaving. 

I slide my fingers upward, finding my prize, her clit. She screamed as I rubbed furiously against her clit, and I felt another hand grab my wrist. I don't if it was to stop me or keep me in place there too, but I didn't stop either way and I doubled down on licking her after a nice deep breath.

For what felt like an eternity the only sounds were my wet licking and her symphony of moans, gasps and shrieks, though eventually her legs began to tremble, and her hold tightened on my head and wrist.

"Fuck fuck fuck DIRTY FUCKING LAMB YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE ME CUM," she screamed as I practically mashed my fingers against her clit. 

Calling me a lamb aside, I continued to lick away as I felt her asscheeks squeeze on my face. With a loud wail she came, and I persisted in eating her ass as I felt her hand disappear from the back of my head. 

Everything felt weird though and I felt something moist touching my chin and air on my forehead. I pulled back to see that alt girl was floating again, this time horizontally. Her left leg was twitching, and juice from her pussy dripped down onto the now soiled bed. 

I pushed her a bit to see that moved forward, still in the air. Carefully, I rotated her around to get a gander at her face. She was lazily smiling, drool on her chin presumably from yelling. She tilted her head down and gave a full tooth grin. 

"My my you have a nice tongue," she said still floating in air. Her right hand roved down to her pussy, and began to idly stroke herself. 

I matched her smile, and beginning to understand the physics of her floating, I pushed her around so that her face was floating mine, albeit upside down.

"And you, have a tasty ass. The first one I ever tried as a matter of fact."

"Ooh your first rimjob. Well amigovio, you did very good for your first time."

"Well the girls I know, they wouldn't let me near their ass, not even to take a peek."

She laughed, and spun around in air still so she was facing me.

"Do I look like the typical girl to you," she questioned in a sultry tone.

I reached up to grab her chin and bring her for a kiss, but she she took hand and sucked in two of my fingers, closing her eyes and moaning around them. God, this woman could make my dick explode without even touching it. 

She pulled out my fingers with a wet pop, running her tongue over my finger tips.

"Well Evan, I'm sure eating my ass isn't all you wanted for a token of appreciation."

She was right, while she managed to fulfill a fantasy I've been mulling about since 2006, I was expecting more out of this encounter. 

"You're right about that," I said twirling my finger around her following tongue, "How do you blow dick?"

She practically chortled.

"Whatever pathetic excuse of a blowjob you've had before will be nothing like this," she said, a challenge in her eyes.

She floated down so that she was laying between my legs. My dick was unbelievably hard at this point, and she glided her fingers through the short crop of pubic hair I had. 

With that feral grin of hers, she opened her mouth wide and descended onto my cock, the entire length disappearing from my view. Now I'm not going to say I'm a big foot long cock, but I measured myself out to be at least a a good 7 inches, and most girls barely take in half of that. 

Minnie took in the entire thing in one swallow, her nose, pressing against my pubic hair. 

"Holy fucking fuck," I gasped as I felt the head of my cock in her throat, the muscles in her throat contracting around it. As this was going on, I could feel the suction of her mouth around my cock, pleasure shooting wildly. I jolted more as I felt something warm and slippery rub against the underside of my balls, and I could only reason that Minnie managed to stick her tongue out and was licking my nuts at the same time. 

This was hands down the best blowjob I would ever have. 

Minnie did her thing for a couple minutes, during which I moaned, said incomprehensible words and other such things as she sucked, massage my cockhead and licked my balls at the same time. She pulled off with a wet pop much as she did with my fingers, and looked up at me with a bashful smile.
