 "AHHHHHH!" Heather screamed as the crowded stadium fell silent for a beat. It's not every day the head cheerleader of UW is spontaneously butt ass naked, mid routine. As the mixed roar of the crowd crescendos with hoots, howler, and shocked yells Heather fumbles to cover herself with her hands. After getting over their shock, the girls in the cheerleading squad swarm her and rush to the locker room.

"What in the hell just happened?" Rusty shouted, glancing over to me. "Why in the hell are you smiling?" suspicion tone lingering in the air. 

"Like I could make her clothes just come off mid routine." I could not help myself, I started to laugh so hard a tear came to my eye. The rest of the cheer men, as they like to be called, ran off the field after the girls. I laid down in the middle of the football field and just laughed. I thought this ability was going to ruin my life, but looks like I can get some use out of it after all.

***

I haven't always had this little trick of mine. It just developed, came to be, manifested? I don't know how to word it. Basically, one day I gave a strange man a passing high five at the gym. The following yell of "WHAT THE FUCK!" perked my curiosity enough in to turning me. The guy was naked in the middle of the public gym covering his junk. With protein shake running down his bare legs pooling around his feet. Oddly enough, my only thought was "Did that guy just cum?". I had no idea what happened! Why is this man suddenly naked? And then a woman tripped in front of me. She was distracted by the gym rats firm fit ass, and missed step directly into me. Being a male cheerleader for UW, I braced and caught her. Hero moment, right? Wrong. At the same time, I noticed, she noticed I was cupping a hand full of her large bare breast. I do not care who you are, but there is absolutely nothing you can say to break the tension in that moment. Confused, mortified, slightly aroused all happening at once, it was a god damn rollercoaster of emotions. 

Now, I am no moron. I can put two and two together. My hand touches their skin, they end up nude as the day they were born. I also am not one to ponder too far into how things work. I can make people naked with a touch, FUCKING AWESOME! Was my first thought at least. When I accidently made the 85-year-old woman walking down the side walk naked on accident, I thought maybe I should do something about this. So, I bought some thin gloves to wear at all the time. Luckily it being fall in Wisconsin no one is going to question my 24/7 gloved clade hands.

The real trouble came during cheerleading practice and routines. The slightest wrong move could reveal my new trick before I even really got to have any fun with it.

"Hey Jason, can we meet up after practice? I need to work on one of my stunts." Said Crystal. 

She has always been a sweet girl. We always had a flirty friendship but it seems I could never make it further than a sloppy drunk kiss at a bon fire for the squad. Biggest blue ball friendship of my life. 

"Sure. Meet you in the balcony? We can practice alone there." 

"It's a date stud." She said with a wink. 

The balcony in the colleges gym is always dead quiet, so I knew I'd have no issue with trying out a little 'sleight of hand' with Crystal. Finally see what those workout clothes are hiding underneath. As we walked through the routines, I got a bit nervous and had to work myself up to do this. It's time to see what this ability can do. As I set her up for a stunt, I grabbed her bare ankle with my hand and was greeted with the soft warm tight inside of a pussy around the fingers of my other hand. Everything slowed down for a moment. Her pussy felt soft and warm, shaved underneath and manicured in front. My cock stiffened immediately, straining against my shorts to be free.

"What the fuck!" she yelled as she wobbled so much I almost lost my grip. I tossed her up, and grabbed her on shoulder as she fell. Sliding her down the front of me, my cock slide between her lips as they passed over my shorts. She pushed away and tried to cover herself up. 

"What the hell just happened?" She calmly said.

"I have NO fucking idea?" 

"Where are my clothes!"

"Duh.. uh... I... uh?" I stumbled out. Smooth as peanut butter right?

"This is some kind of trick isn't it Jason?" She said standing up, no longer worried about covering anything. I got my first good look at her. She was tiny and fit like a gymnast. Her pussy mound had a perfectly manicured patch of hair right about her tight pussy. Her firm tits sat up looking me in the face. Soft and round tipped with perfectly perky nipples. I felt my cock throb in my shorts.

"Jesus Christ Jason, is that your dick?" She said in surprise. I immediately cover my cock with hands out of shame. "No no, I don't know how this happened but you see mine I see yours." My face goes red as she walks to me with no hesitation. Taking my hands away from my cock, she wraps a hand around my cock over the shorts. "Well I was not expecting it to be this big stud." Her eyes are now locked on my mind as she slowly strokes me over my shorts. Taking the waistband of my short in one hand she pulls them down enough to spring my cock free, slapping her now wet pussy.

"Oh! Really was not expecting it to be that big!"

"What can I say, good genes." I said cheekily.

"I have no clue how you did this, but I know you did. Now yours going to show me how good those genes really are." As she drops to her knees, she lifts my cock and licks me from my balls to the tip of my cock. Giving me the most mischievous eyes I have ever received from a blowjob. Before I could say "wow" her face was buried into my stomach and dick jammed entirely down her throat. Her tongue licking my balls as she did so. She is a professional and I am enjoying every damn minute of it. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled my cock out of her throat. Gave her a little wink and jammed it back in. She gripped my ass for support as pushed her head back and forth, moving my cock in and out of her throat. Gasping for air, I pull out and rest my cock on her face. She takes a few deep breaths and licks the slobber off it entirely.

As I lay down on the cold hard floor, I notice her pussy is literally dripping down her thigh. Hint of pride comes over me. I am barley down before she has my cock inside of her. This woman has a sex drive most people can't keep up with I think. She starts to bounce on my cock like I have only seen in pornos. Fast and hard, taking every inch and coming back for more. The moans are echoing off the high gym ceiling now. She goes as fast as she can be rubbing her pussy as she bounces. Her tits rotating hypnotically. 

"I am going to cum!" I grunt out as she rides and doesn't stop. 

"Me too!" She moans and I feel her pussy clinch over my dick as she slows to orgasm. I feel myself let go. Her tight wet pussy practically milking cum out of me. I grip her thighs as she slowly moves up and down shuttering from the orgasm as cum is now slowly leaking out on to me. Flopping down next to me, both of us in exhausted bliss. "Mind if I take you shirt so I can get back to my dorm and wash up a bit?" we both bust out in laughter.

The next day was game day. As we suited ran through routine steps one last time. Heather our cheer captain was being an outright cunt to everyone. Pissed because "That cunt Crystal called said she isn't going to make it. Being too exhausted to routine properly. She was going to have to take her place. As the half time came around we got set to take the field. As she steps in front of me, without prompt, she mumbles "Gotta be with this faggot ass because of that cunt, fuck." I can't help but smile as I slowly slip off my gloves and we take the field.