 It was Christmas Eve near midnight. I was in bed tossing and turning and didn't want to wake my husband Ed up. I got out of bed and put my robe over my naked body and went downstairs to lay down on the couch. 

Once I got downstairs I quickly realized that we hadn't yet been visited by Santa and his elves. I put some cookies and milk on the table next to the couch then I sat down and fell asleep very quickly.

I was sleeping soundly when all of a sudden I felt like I was having an erotic dream. My body was covered with goose bumps and I felt as if I was being violated in every possible way. 

I felt a chill and I opened my eyes and quickly realized that my robe was open and I was naked. I looked down and saw three short pointy ear elves ravishing my naked body. Two of them were sucking on my tits and another one was between my legs and munching on my swollen clit.

"Oh my godddd!" I moaned.

As soon as I got that out of my mouth yet another elf stood up and stuffed his tiny erect cock in my mouth. His fully erect cock was short but stubby. It was no longer than four inches long, but thick like a cucumber.

It was like some really strange dream because I had four little guys all over me. The elf was holding onto the back of my head as he fucked my mouth.

"Oh yes!" he screamed as he exploded in my mouth filling my mouth with his warm salty seed.

No sooner did he cum than the one eating my pussy got up and started fucking me. Then another elf lubed up his cock and he stuffed his little prick up my asshole. The elves cocks were so small that I really couldn't feel them inside of me. The one fucking me in my cunt took his left hand and also put it inside of my pussy. He was fucking me with his little dick and with his hand.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" I screamed as I climaxed.

Right after I climaxed the two elves inside of me climaxed filling my cunt and ass with their warm sticky goo. 

I was regaining my composure just as the elf who was sucking on my tits got on my stomach and wrapped my tits around his little prick. He was titty fucking me so fast that his balls were hitting my stomach. He didn't last very long because after less than a minute he shot his load all over my chest and neck.

Another elf was soon fucking me when I heard a sound on the roof.

"Hurry up guys! Santa's here!" the lead elf called out.

The elf fucking me rammed away faster and faster exploding in my wet cunt just as the big guy made it down the chimney.

They all got up and I looked over at the fireplace and saw the jolly old guy with his bag of goodies.

"Ho ho ho! Where's the little Christmas ho," he called out.

I sat up just as Santa dropped his red pants.

"If you wanna get off the naughty list, you better let me cum in your mouth. Mrs Claus doesn't suck cock anymore."

Santa's cock was huge! It did look like a candy cane as he walked towards me on the couch.

"Oh Santa! I wanna be a good girl. Give me that nice cock," I moaned.

I opened up and he stuffed his big candy cane in my mouth. He tasted just like a peppermint candy cane as well.

"Suck it Sue! Suck it good! Make Santa happy!" he screamed as he came in my mouth.

Even his cum tasted like peppermint. He shot long ropes of his jizz in my mouth and moaned as I sucked him dry. Then he pulled out of my mouth and he spread my legs apart and guided his still hard cock into my pussy.

"Fuck me Santa! Fuck me good!"

He was pounding away when he looked over at the elves and winked. They took presents out of his sack and placed them around the tree.

Then all of a sudden the elves disappeared and it was just me and the big guy fucking on the couch.

"Get ready Sue. I'm cumming!" he screamed as he exploded in my cunt.

Santa pulled out and grabbed a few more items out of his bag and placed them by the tree. 

"Well I'm taking you off of the naughty list. You really know how to suck Santa's cock and you made my elves very happy."

Right after Santa left I fell asleep and when I woke up I was wondering if it was all a dream. Then I looked between my legs and saw red and white cum oozing out of my cunt. I reached down and took some on my fingers and licked it. I saw a present next to the tree and saw the note from Santa.

"You're a good girl...and a good lay. I'll see you next year," it said. I opened the present and it was a peppermint flavored vibrator. 

I can't wait until next year because I'm gonna try and do Santa and his elves all at once.