 The trees nearby rustled lightly as the wind blew through them. Sergeant Rhodes shifted her weight slightly before turning her eye back to the spotter's scope. She had been keeping an eye on the village below, where most of the Brigade were off fucking with the locals. A serious woman, she preferred to keep a check on the surrounding area. Her partner, Private Whitehall, had slipped out of the blind some time earlier. She wouldn't be at all surprised to see the younger woman on the village lane below with some pretty farm girl.

At thirty-six, she was one of the oldest members of the brigade. Not many went into work as a sniper. It was something Miriam enjoyed thoroughly. The pulse racing as the enemy tried to locate you, sometimes with mortar or tank shells. Not a few times she had found herself with artillery raining down around her. Whitehall was her fourth spotter, the others having lost their nerve at the risks she took.

With nothing really going on in the village, she shifted the scope back to where the tanks were parked under their camouflage netting. Just in time to see Corporal Southen bending the medic over the tank treads. The magnification on the spotter's scope was just enough that she could easily make out Southen's cock easing into Private Morgan's pussy. Her own seven inches began to swell, pushing down against the grass as she watched her friend Asia getting fucked. A rustle came from behind and Miriam almost swore at the interruption. She rolled over, painfully aware of the erection pushing against the front of her uniform.

Charlie Whitehall came into the blind, a cute smile on her lips. Her eyes flicked down to the sniper's groin which only caused the smile to change into one of delight. Miriam was about to rebuke her when she turned to hold the netting aside. What could only have been a shepherdess slipped into the blind. A pert little smile was on her own lips, though it was the bared breasts that swayed heavily in front of her that drew Miriam's more immediate attention.

"Sergeant, this is Mary. She was out here all alone tending to her flock. I thought I'd invite her back to see you."

The naked hunger in Charlie's voice was clearly evident, and Miriam found herself echoing it. The top of Mary's dress hung loosely down her front. A study of the girl herself showed an almost equal desire. She had probably known the Ninth were down in the village below, and been forced instead to tend sheep alone out on the hillside. As Miriam made to shift to one side the girl came down, kissing her deeply. Surprise quickly gave way to her own arousal and Miriam kissed her back. Her erection began to throb as she felt the plump breasts pushing against her own smaller ones.

To the rear of the blind, Charlie was stripping quickly. Her cock wasn't as big as the sergeants, but it was already stiff and leaking precum. It had been quite a tease on the walk back to the blind. More than once she had been tempted to bend the shepherdess over and take her there on the hillside. But she had wanted to save it to share with her partner. As Mary continued kissing Miriam, she knelt down to flip up the back of Mary's dress. A shockingly red display greeted her, more so because of the open crotch nature of the item. All the happier for it, Charlie slid in to bury her tongue in Mary's furry little cunt. It tasted as sweet as a warm spring day. Her fingers slid across the moist lips before pulling them open. The heady scent of Mary's pussy went straight to Charlie's balls and she groaned. Her lips found the young woman's clit and she began sucking firmly on it.

For her part, Miriam found Mary's tongue to be a wild thing. It flicked about across her lips and danced with her own. After several moments she was forced to come up for air. Mary just looked at her with bright eager eyes and pushed one of her tits to the sergeant's mouth. Miriam responded by biting down lightly around the nipple, eliciting a groan of pleasure from the woman on top of her. Whatever Charlie was doing to her, Mary began to grind herself down against Miriam. Her hands slid to the top of the older woman's uniform slipping in their haste to free the buttons. Miriam felt her nipples stiffen as first the air hit them, and then Mary was twisting and squeezing them.

Charlie slid her tongue up between Mary's lips and wiggled it against her anal pucker. Mary only pushed her backside out for the private to demand more. Never one to deny a woman in need, Charlie rose up to tease the head of her cock against Mary's pussy. As the girl stiffened in anticipation she sunk it in to the balls. A gasping cry rose up from Mary's lips as she was penetrated and she nearly smothered Miriam in her breasts as it happened. Then her body was rocking forward as Charlie began to pound her from behind. The sound of Charlie's balls slapping wetly against Mary's clit filled the blind.

Not to be outdone, nor left behind, Miriam slid forward under the young woman and stripped away her uniform. As her cock sprang free, sorely neglected, she grabbed Mary by the head and pulled her mouth down onto the thick shaft. It only took a few moments before the two soldiers got into a smooth rhythm. Together they thrust into the mouth and pussy of the young shepherdess, who could only claw and squeeze at her tits as she was spit roasted. Wet slurping moans filled the air as she was fed the sergeant's cock. After several moments of this she managed to gather herself and reached out to fondle Miriam's heavy balls. The sack bumped lightly on her chin as Miriam's meaty shaft slid across her taste buds and down her throat. The sergeant's hips bucked just a little when Mary first found the lips to her pussy.

Almost hesitantly the shepherdess began to finger and explore. All the ladies in the Ninth Brigade were gifted with cocks and pussies. Most knew of it, though on their first occasion with seeing it for themselves they were still a bit shocked by it. She was about to explore further when Miriam's cock slid from her mouth. As if by cue, she felt Charlie slipping out of her from behind and found herself back on top of the older woman. Mary was about to protest when she felt the sergeant's cock replacing Charlie in her pussy. Almost immediately she started to bounce her hips and ride it, groaning at the thicker feeling inside her.

This lasted just until she felt Charlie's cock pushing into her ass. Her head rocked forward, covering Miriam's face with her silky length of hair. Two cocks filled her and left her panting on top of Miriam. The private's cock was the thickest she had ever felt in her ass. She could feel her ring stretching around it as it began pushing up inside her. It was all Mary could do to hold onto Miriam as the two soldiers began to thrust up inside her.

Charlie pushed deep into the tight ring of Mary's ass. She could feel her balls rubbing wetly against Miriam's. She leaned over Mary's back and began to rock her hips, thrusting herself deeper into the anal passage. She could feel the sergeant thrusting up from beneath as she stretched out the young woman's pussy. The sounds in the blind were as lewd as she had ever heard. Wet squishing with every thrust accompanied by the panting moans of the girl they were sharing. It was enough to push the private over the edge first. Her hands firmly grabbed onto Mary's hips as she drove in to the hilt. Her creamy semen shot out in thick spurts to fill Mary's ass. Gasping for breath, Charlie felt herself ease out of the tight little hole.

She slid back to view Mary's gaping hole. A dollop of her cum glistened wetly as it pushed free of the hole to slide down across Miriam's shaft and balls, still pounding away at the tight young pussy. Charlie shrugged and leaned down to lick her partner's cock as it slid into Mary. Miriam could only groan as she felt Charlie's tongue, not for the first time. Mary could only gasp out as another orgasm rippled through her, causing her pussy to spasm around Miriam's cock. She let out a squeal of pleasure as Charlie's tongue invaded her freshly fucked ass. Her next orgasm, when it came, was enough to soak Miriam's cock and leave Mary lying wilted on top of her.

Miriam was the next to cum, arching her back up to lift Mary and herself from the floor of the blind as powerful spurts of her cum filled the young woman's pussy. Then she was sagging back as well, caressing Mary lightly as she sought to catch her breath. For her part, Charlie just resumed sucking on Mary's asshole, licking up her own cum. As Miriam's cock finally slid free of Mary's pussy, the young private couldn't help taking it in her mouth to suck clean.