 Nerashi crouched by the fire, her hands held out to capture the warmth as the snow around her started to fall again. Shrugging her thick cloak up over her shoulders, she pulled the hood down over her face, letting the dark grey wool grow heavy with the falling flakes that danced in the wind that howled past, threatening to put out the meager flames. She wished she svhad gotten further along the trail, only a handful of miles along was the inn she had been heading for when the storm hit. Her horse had stumbled on the suddenly ice-slicked path and fallen, throwing her into a pile of leaves before bolting into the encroaching darkness. 

Stumbling upon this small shelter would probably be the difference between a cold night and a cold grave, though she wished the cave was a little deeper, and the snow not falling at the angle it was, blown by the cruel wind. She curled into a ball, pulling her cloak around her and trying to conserve heat. She knew she should not sleep, not let the fire go out, but in the end, her body failed her, and she slipped into slumber. 

Nerashi woke to the scent of cooking meat, and the warmth of flame, opening her eyes carefully, she peeked out from beneath the hood of her cloak, the wool heavy with snow that had settled over her body in the night. The fire burned, larger than she had gotten it last night, and a figure crouched by it, turning a spitted chunk of meat over the flickering flames. 

As her eyes adjusted to the light, she looked more closely at the figure. It was obviously a male, his shape large and bulky, muscled not fat. His hair was dark, cut fairly long so that wet curls of it clung to the sides of his face. Handsome in his own way, though age had given him lines around his eyes and his own share of scars. 

Damn, it was human! 

She stayed still, hoping he would think she was still asleep, or maybe dead, maybe he hadn't noticed her under the drift of snow that had covered her slight form. 

He turned to look at her, a smile on his face. 

'Morning' he said, turning back to cooking the meat. 

With a sigh, she stretched under her cloak, working the knots out of her legs and arms, keeping her hood over her face. She wasn't in the mood for the million questions her appearance always created, and her fingers too cold to grip her sword. So many humans tried to kill her when they saw her. Sitting up, the snow fell off her, and she winced at the cold ice that trickled down her neck. Standing, she shook herself, much like an animal, getting rid of the water from her cloak. A quick rummage in her pouches produced a long, wide headscarf that she wound into place before dropping the cloak, safely hidden under warm and dry clothing. 

The man continued to cook as she moved about the small space, glancing out now and then at the snow that still fell thick outside, though the wind had diminished into a light breeze that barely moved the flakes. 

He turned to look at the girl as she dropped the sodden cloak to the floor, she was concealed under layers of clothing, though it didn't hide her shapely figure. Tight leather trousers enhanced her legs, tucked into long boots that looked well worn. A traveller like himself he figured. A leather bodice tied over a long-sleeved shirt of thick blue cotton. Leather gloved and now a thick, warm looking headscarf that concealed her face and most of her head, only a peek of startling amber eyes from within the shadow, and a hint of hair the same fiery shade poking out from beneath a leather hood. The battered scabbard and the well cared for sword announced loudly that she was a warrior, the two items looking well used. Her height and build made him think she was probably a youngster, no more than 16 or so, out for the first time to make her mark. 

A sudden howl and crash caused them both to turn the same way, in time to watch a large tree topple, the weight of the snow pulling it from it's roots. The wind picked up again, loud and fast, blowing large amounts of snow into the small shelter, dumping most of it onto the two travellers who sheltered within. 

Nerashi cursed as she felt the cold ice soaking into her clothing, soaking her to the bone in seconds, and pressed against the back of the little cave, as if trying to melt into the wall itself to keep warm. As she did, a large boulder moved slightly, revealing a narrow gap. She signaled to the man, and between them, they pushed the rock until the gap was big enough for a person. Nerashi dropped onto her belly and squeezed in, hoping it was big enough for at least her, and let out a startled gasp as she slipped into a large cavern. She poked her head back out.

'Plenty of room for two' she yelled over the maelstrom, and dragged her small pack in through the hole. 

It took both of them to manhandle the mans large travelling pack into the gap, the thing was bigger than she was, and contained his whole life by the weight of it. He grabbed the cooked meat and wrapped it in a bundle before hurrying after the woman into the relative safety of the cave. 

The air in the cave was cold, and Nerashi sat with her knees curled up to her face, her arms wrapped around them as she pressed close to the fire the man had made in here, trying to warm herself, to dry her clothing on her skin. She watched the man set about making a small camp for himself near the fire, blankets and a bedroll and dry clothing from the huge pack. She shivered, her whole body shaking with the cold. 

'Why don't you change clothes?' He asked, watching the small woman shiver, she chuckled, a strangely unpleasant sound behind the face wrap she still wore. She gestured with one shivering hand 'My horse bolted and threw me, he has my pack, all I had on me was a little carryall, and that, I'm afraid, is just as wet as the rest of me.' She tucked her hand back under her knees, rocking slightly as she tried to warm herself. 

'My names Marcus' he said finally, deciding that they were likely stuck here for a while, so he might as well get to know his cave mate.

She shrugged slightly, though that could be the cold, her whole body was convulsing with it by now, and he worried she might die of it before he could get the cave warm enough. 

'Nerashi' she said, her voice strangely timbered, 'Though, mostly I am called Nera.' 

He nodded, and threw her a blanket. 'Go, strip, wear that, before you freeze to death.' 

She went very still, looking at the thick, dry blanket and shook her head. 'I.. I can't!' her voice now was thicker, almost as if she were afraid. 

'Look lass, ' he said, 'I've got daughters older than you I'm sure, I'll not touch you, don't worry your head about that.' 

A soft chuckle came from the girl, and she looked up at him. 'I'm too cold to argue.. just.. let's hold off the impending hostility until it's warmer outside okay?' 

She stood, grabbing the blanket and heading into a shadowy corner, leaving him puzzled by her words. Marcus could hear her stripping off the sodden clothing, and she threw each piece over towards the fire, where he laid them out to aide their drying. He kept his eyes averted from her, giving her the privacy she wanted as she undressed, and so his startled gasp when she stepped back into the glow of the firelight was all the more audible. 

Nera was no child, her figure was lush and ripe, now concealed beneath a long blue blanket that she had wrapped twice around her and then tied at the side to create a basic dress. Her hair, soaking as it was, fell to her hips, and he guessed the colour was the gold of autumn leaves when it was dry, flecks of reds and yellows and golds shimmering within the length. And her eyes were the same shade, slit in a feral manner like a cats, no whites just the rich amber and black pupils that were wide now in the darkened space. Her skin though, that was what really shocked him, a soft green in shade, like that of spring buds on trees, giving her an ethereal quality when matched against the gold. Her ears were swept back, long and pointed, an elf then he thought, though not a type he had seen before, the hair was like that of the High elves, though the skin.. never had he heard of a green skinned elf. A half breed of some sort perhaps? He felt parts of his body stirring with lust, and shifted slightly, hiding the evidence of arousal. 

She stood still, watching as his blue eyes appraised her in the dark, and waited for the violence, the fear, the hatred she had experienced all her life. She tensed her whole body, ready to leap for her sword and defend herself, and was surprised that no fear crossed his features. She was even more surprised when he threw her another blanket to wrap around her shoulders. 

'Keep warm lass.' he said, his voice thick with some emotion she couldn't place, as he plated the meat on two wooden platters, and handed one to her. 

As she ate, she ran her fingers through her hair, trying to dry the thick mess without burning it on the flames, sighing in frustration and leaning back. 

'I have some toweling if that would help lass?' said Marcus, already rummaging in the large bag of his with his large hands. He took the strip of linen out and a fine horn comb then he stood, heading over to where she sat on a boulder, and knelt behind her, and started to rub her hair dry, surprising her with his gentle touch as he ran the comb through each time, making the knots less troublesome as he brushed and dried her hair. She closer her eyes, caught in the pleasure of the moment, biting her lip quickly to smother a moan that rose in her throat unbidden. She leaned back against the man, her head tipping forwards as she sighed again. 

Marcus finished, looking down at her hair and nodded with satisfaction, he had been right, autumn leaves. He ran his hands through the lustrous mass, the silk tresses slipping through his fingers. He caught himself, and stepped away quickly, not missing the sigh Nera made as he left her side, seating himself back on his bedroll, shifting uncomfortably as his trousers suddenly seemed too tight. 

She shivered again, her body still cold, and Marcus frowned, noting the faint blue tinge to her lips. 

'Nera?' he asked, and cursed when she made no movement, he touched her skin, it was chilled still and he cursed again. Knowing she would probably hate him in the morning, he picked her up, and carried her to his side of the fire, laying down beside her on his bedroll. He stripped the blanket she wore away, and stripped himself down to his loincloth then covered them both in blankets and furs and wrapping his arms around her, using his body to warm hers. He cursed himself for a fool, his body already responding to the appeal of the woman now heightened by her naked closeness. Closing his eyes against the imagery, he laid still and quiet, holding her and feeling her warm up before he fell into a troubled sleep. 

Nera woke up, her first thought was one of delicious warmth, and she stretched with a pleased purr. The movement caused her to notice the hand that rested on her breast and she blinked in surprise, as she stopped the stretch, she became aware of the warm hardness behind her. 

She was knowledgeable enough to know what Marcus had done, and that he had probably saved her life. She also accepted that his hand had drifted to where it was in his sleep, his deep rythmic breathing telling her he still slept. What shocked her was the sudden feeling of warmth between her legs at the feeling of waking up in this mans arms. She had never bedded a man, much less woken up beside one, and she hadn't expected it to be so pleasing. She wriggled in contentment, her bottom rubbing against Marcus as she squirmed back into a comfortable position, her motion bought to her attention to something hard, jutting against her backside. She wriggled again, trying to work out what it was, and a low groan came from Marcus. 'Lass, if you keep doing that, I'm not going to be responsible for my actions.' She stilled instantly, a startled meep on her lips as she suddenly realised what she had been rubbing against as she moved. She lay still a moment, her body warm and comfortable, and her stomach flipping slowly as images and thoughts raced through her head at what it would be like with this man. 

Marcus moved his hand, uncovering her breast and resting it back on her hip, he had hoped the less intimate position would help calm him, but he found it had the opposite effect, hid whole body hardening more as his fingers rested so close to her centre. He bit his lips with a groan, picturing the thatch of golden hair he had seen last night for a moment before he had covered her, and he fought the urge to bury his fingers into it, stroke her until she purred and stretched again. She hadn't pulled away from him and as his hand rested on his hip, she rocked them slightly, rubbing against him again and pushing his self control over the edge. He used his other hand to move her hair to one side, and placed light kisses on her neck, eliciting a soft moan from Nera. Her response was all he needed as encouragment, and he promised himself he would stop as soon as she told him to, but for now, he wanted to enjoy the taste and feel of this luscious creature. He nipped at her ear, tugging the sensitive flesh, and she arched her back, bringing her bottom against his crotch again, rubbing against his cock through the thin linen of his loincloth, causing him to moan in return. 

Marcus slid his hand into her hair again, gripping tightly as he kissed her neck again his hand working between them both and pushing down his loincloth before his hand slid over her ass, squeezing hard

Nera groaned and rocked her hips against him again, turning on the bedroll until she faced him, leaning close and nipping at his neck, then placing her lips against his in a soft and unsure kiss. 

'I.. I've never.. ' she stumbled over her words, and Marcus groaned against her lips, a slight sound of frustration as he slowed down his rampaging thoughts, not wanting to hurt her. He ran his hand along her hips, squeezing her backside again, pulling her closer until they both presses against each other, his cock brushing against the soft curls. 

Nera groans, slipping her hand down to stroke against the hard flesh as he rubbed against her softly, her fingers teasing and tormenting his already fevered thoughts. 

He pulled her close and then pushes her away briefly, unable to control his lust as she nipped and bit along his neck, her fingers stroking against him. Marcus slid his hand down, stroking them gently against the lips of her pussy, delighting in the slickness he felt there. He slipped one finger into her entrance, causing her to gasp, her hands clutching at his shoulders. 

'You know what I want to do lass? ' He asked, his breathing ragged as he pressed his finger into her again, causing her to moan louder. 

Nera nodded, her body flushed with desire, her hips rocking against his finger, wanting more, needing more of him inside her. 

Marcus groaned again, and pulled her on top of him. His hands grip her hips and he pulls her down onto his cock, a short, sharp hiss coming from her lips as he pierced past her maidenhead in one quick movement. He stilled beneath her, his eyes closed as he relished the tightness of her around him, her pussy stretching to accommodate his large size. 

Then with great care, he rolled his hips up against her slowly sitting up slightly and pulling her down to capture her mouth in a deep and hungry kiss, his tongue probing past her lips and running along hers, and with a tentative move, she responds, her hands still gripping his shoulder as he starts to move inside her. 

She started to move her hips back against his, a slow pace that tormented them both, so much so that Marcus grunts and moves, swivelling quickly and laying her onto her back, he pulled her legs wide apart and then leans in, easing them over his shoulders as he started to thrust deep into her, leaning down to bite at each of her pert, green nipples hard before sucking roughly at one, thrusting deeply inside her. 

Nera arched her back and began thrusting upwards against him, delighting in the feel of his cock deep inside her, and as he bites at her nipples, she starts quivering slightly. She bucks her hips, needing him deeper inside her, wanting more, wanting all of him. 

Marcus growled with pleasure and delight , sucking hard at her tight nipples, his teeth bearing down on them in harder nips and bites as he thrusts harder, burying himself to the hilt in her tight space, stretching her as he moves his body over and over inside her, his body beaded with sweat. 

She bucked and panted beneath him, her whole body shaking with pleasure each time he thrust into her fully, her fingers clenching against his head, tugging at his hair as he bit and sucked at her breasts and nipples. 

Marcus moaned, his thrusts becoming deeper and harder as he pounded into her, unable to stop himself as he delighted in her body, he felt her tense, her whole body stilling and then she cried out, a sound of pleasure that echoed around the cave, ringing in his ears as she came beneath him, her already tight pussy clenching hard around him, squeezing his cock and causing him to have to push harder to pierce her, his own body shuddering as he approached climax. 

With a yell, he came, filling her body with his seed, still pounding deep into her as her quivering body milked each drop from him. 

He collapsed ontop of her, letting her legs fall down to his sides, resting beneath her thighs, his cock still buried inside her. He kissed her deeply, and she returned it with a clumsy eagerness that caused his shaft to twitch again inside her. 

They slept.