 He ran down the rain-slicked street looking for shelter. He hadn't thought it was going to rain today, and so hadn't brought his umbrella. He tried the door of a jeweler's but as it was after six, the door was locked. For a minute he stood under its awning looking for a place to use the telephone. The rain was pouring down in sheets, and he was enclosed by curtains of it on three sides. He was cold and hungry and sorry he'd gone out at all. He saw a light on, just a block down; why hadn't he noticed it before? He ran for it, leaping over the puddles.

It was a bookstore. There was no one to be seen among the shelves and stacks of dusty volumes, but there was a large comfortable chair at the back of the room with a hot pot of tea beside it. He wondered if the owner would be upset if he sat down and had a cup. Thunder boomed outside, and the wind shrieked. He shivered and moved close to the radiator, which was making faint clanging noises. He contemplated the tea, which he could smell over the scent of old books and dust.

"May I help you?" he heard a cold female voice inquire.

"I'm sorry, I just came in to get out of the rain and possibly use the phone. If I'm disturbing you I'll go."

"Not at all," she said. "Help yourself to a cup of tea." Her voice had gone from cold to warm and inviting so quickly! He wondered if she'd thought he was someone else. He glanced away from the tea he was pouring and almost spilled it. She was beautiful! She was rather tall, with long silky black hair and silvery grey eyes. Her skin was clear and flawless, and she was shaped very nicely. Her legs were long and well-sculpted; her hips were just the right width, narrowing to a small waist. And her breasts! His breath caught in his throat. Her breasts were perfectly shaped, and very large. He could see through her grey silk blouse that she was not wearing a bra, and she had wonderful large dark nipples. He felt his body reacting and struggled valiantly to think of something- anything- that would keep him from getting hard. Her skirt was so short! He wondered what she wore underneath— a thong? Or perhaps plain cotton panties? Maybe nothing at all. She walked toward him, her hips swaying seductively.

"Are you going to pour that tea? Or would you like me to do it for you?" 

He had forgotten he was holding the teapot. "Oh, sorry," he said, blushing. 

"It's alright. Here, let me," she said, taking the teapot from him. "You must be freezing! How thoughtless of me." She poured the tea and left.

In a minute she was back with a towel and a blanket. "Lets get you out of those clothes and warmed up," she said. There was a strange sound to her voice, as if she were trying to hold back a laugh.

"Uh—uh," he stammered. "I don't think, uh, that is to say, I'm warm enough, really."

"No you're not, you're shivering. Now take them off, no arguing. I promise I won't be offended."

He looked at her for a minute and then thought what the hell. He took his soggy clothes off and draped them over a straight backed chair beside the radiator. His back was turned to her and he could feel her watching him. He wrapped himself in the blanket and huddled into the chair. She went to the front window of the store and turned the sign from "open" to "closed", then shut the blinds, for which he was profoundly grateful. She sat down on the chair his clothes were over the back of.

"Would you like me to move? I can sit there," he said, getting up.

"No, that's alright. May I pour you another cup?"

"Yes, please." He was glad for the blanket, which was hiding a raging hard-on at the moment. She bent to pour the tea and he could see straight down her blouse. He groaned involuntarily. She looked up at him innocently.

"Does something hurt? Maybe you need a massage," she said, putting down the tea. She straddled his lap and began to work the knots gently from his shoulders while causing a worse one in the pit of his stomach. She moved the blanket back from his shoulders and chest to his lower arms and down onto his lap. "I'm Raina, by the way. What's your name?" she asked as she massaged him.

"Terrence," he groaned as she fought a hard knot in his bicep. "Nice to meet you."

"Likewise. Lie down on the floor and I'll do your back too."

She took the blanket off of him completely, and after a moment sat on his ass. He could feel that she was not wearing panties, and she was very wet. He wondered—if he turned over, would she let him make love to her? Nah. He wouldn't try it, she might go away. And this massage was heavenly. He finally relaxed. She got up.

"There. All better?"

"Yes, thank you. That was lovely." He sat up and wrapped himself in the blanket. Then he turned to look at her again. She was completely nude. He couldn't breathe. She was even more beautiful than he'd imagined she would be. Her breasts were there just ripe to be touched and nibbled, and she was a masterpiece of curves. He cleared his throat.

"It was easier to massage you that way. Those clothes are so constricting," she said, smiling. "Still cold?" she asked, taking the end of the blanket and slowly pulling it away from him. She saw his hard cock, ready for her, and laughed. "I was hoping you wanted to. You're very handsome." She leaned over and kissed him very deeply, exploring his mouth with her tongue. Her hand found his balls and she stroked them softly. He suckled a nipple and she moaned. Then she pulled away from him and moved down between his legs. Her hot mouth moved along the shaft of his cock, sucking when she reached the head. She licked the underside, curling her tongue around it, then came back up and sucked some more. He put his hands on her silky black hair as she sucked him deeper and deeper into her mouth. She had it all in there! He was surprised; not many women had ever been able to do that with his larger than average member. She sucked him hard, deep in her mouth, gently rubbing his balls. Her hair tickled the insides of his thighs as she went back and forth, faster…..faster….faster. He was going to cum.

A blonde pyxie walked in from the back room of the store and frowned. He could only sit there with his dick in Raina's mouth and groan. 

"Raina! Don't you know you're supposed to share?" She shook her head disapprovingly and started to remove her clothes. Her body was lovely, but with smaller breasts than Raina's. She was well-tanned where her friend was creamy white. "I'm Sunny," she said brightly. "Pleased to make your acquaintance!" Then she quickly bent down to help Raina, who didn't really need any help. Terrence exploded right then, sending thick white cum all over both of their faces. He apologised abjectly to them.

"Don't be silly," Sunny said.

"It's fine," Raina said.

He was still hard. Raina saw this and quietly climbed onto his lap, putting his cock inside her tight cunt. She moaned as she slid down on it, grinding her hips against him. Sunny frowned again and shook her head. She gently pushed Terrence down until he was lying flat on the floor. Then she straddled his face, facing Raina, and began to moan herself as his tongue flicked across her clit. He reached up and slowly pushed two fingers inside, deep. She arched her back and ground down onto his hand just as Raina was grinding down onto his cock. Both women moaned loudly at the same time. Sunny's sweet juice was running down the sides of his face like tears, and he slowly moved his fingers toward the front of her and massaged her G spot. She leaned forward and kissed Raina passionately. Raina responded by sucking Sunny's small pink nipples. Sunny moaned louder and Terrence felt her pussy tighten up getting ready to cum. He slid his tongue up and down her warm wet slit, from clit to ass and back, then sucked on her clit gently. She ground harder on his mouth and nearly drowned him as she came, screaming. Raina started to fuck him faster and faster as she neared orgasm too. She moaned low in her throat as Sunny moved off of Terrence's face and began to lick her neck, shoulders, and breasts. Suddenly she climbed off of Terrence's cock and moved upward. He felt the tip of his dick touching her asshole, wet and slippery with her pussy juice, and he groaned. Very slowly she sank down on him, her ass hot and tight. She moaned again, louder this time. Sunny started licking her shaved pussy lips, and darted her tongue between them to her clit. Raina had Terrence's cock all the way to the base in her ass, and he groaned as she slowly slid up and down on it. Sunny was gently biting her cunt lips together and slowly running her tongue between them, making little moaning sounds. Raina came hard, and as Terrence felt her tightening up he couldn't hold back any more. He came again, hard, groaning and thrusting even deeper into her. 

He was spent. He lay there on the floor unable to move as he watched the two women kiss each other deeply and lovingly caress each other. He smiled and thought to himself, we are going to have to do this again! Then he slowly drifted off to sleep.

When he woke up, he was sitting in the chair, fully dressed. He looked around, but no one was there. "Raina?" he called out. "Sunny?"

An old man in a cardigan with a pipe slowly walked out of the back room. He looked strangely at Terrence or a minute. "Who are you calling for, lad? There's no one here but me." He lit his pipe.

"Who are you?" Terrence asked, bewildered.

"Armstrong Stone, entrepreneur. I already told you that, son. Hmmm." He frowned, then a twinkle came to his eye. "Looks like you were out in that rain too long—you got a visit from those two sprites. That's all they are, lad. Spirits! I've seen it before. Happened to me once when I was young…… Spirits, laddie!" He smiled at the memory. "I'm surprised Windy didn't come along as well. She'll be along next time, though, no worries!"

Terrence caught many a cold that year.