 Dear Reader,

My kinky take on Snow White and her seven little men.

This story is in one part and is longer than any I have previously submitted. There is some sex involved... ;) but the build up to it takes a while. So if you are looking for a quick "wham-bam-thank-you-mam" you should consider moving on... 

Reader beware: My style is verbose and long winded so if you get easily bored move on...

You will find some forms of:

• nonconsent/reluctance.

• BDSM, 

• exhibitionism,

• incest/taboo,

• spanking,

• anal. 

I realize and understand that some of these categories might be a great turn-off for some...

So, reader beware and consider reading something else if any of these bother you.

Please don't be shy and let me know what you think. 

Vote.

Enjoy! ;)

*********************

Snow White was running for her life.

The Woodsman was no assassin by any means. He had seen the young princess grow up before his eyes and could not proceed with the task that the dreadful Queen had assigned to him.

He had ridden to the edges of the Kingdom and had begged the young woman to escape as far as her legs could carry her.

Snow White had listened to his pleas and had been traveling for days now; she was feeding herself sparingly from the small bag of provisions that the Woodsman had given her.

When she finally reached the edges of the Dark Forest, she knew that she had found the perfect place to hide from the Queen.

She was now in a distant land that her people feared. 

She was convinced that all the myths and legends about this mythological place would provide her with a safe-haven.

Snow White was an educated lass. She did not believe in the magic and fairytale stories that most of the people of her time accepted as truths: science and logic were her allies.

She stepped into the obscure forbidding woods convinced that it would be a good place to escape the wrath of her tormentor. 

However, the vegetation of the forest was the stuff of legend. The thick dense canopy prevented daylight from passing through the foliage and within minutes Snow White could not see further than an arm's length.

Huge thorny vines had quickly slowed down her progress as each step became a calculated maneuver to avoid being scratched or pocked. 

The constant obstructions had prevented her from walking in a straight path. She had ambulated in such a manner for less than twenty minute yet when Snow White realized how treacherous the forest had become it was already too late for her to find her way out of it.

She was lost.

Panic quickly set in as the last of her food supply was exhausted later that day.

The forest was dark, cold, damp, and muddy and Snow White was progressing so slowly that time became irrelevant. There were no monsters, no wolves, no life. The place was uninhabitable for any living creature and its deafening silence was a testimony to that.

She walked and walked and walked.

Was it already night time? Was it the following day yet? There was no way of knowing.

Snow White just knew that she should not stop. A gut feeling was telling her that if she stopped despair would set in and that she would never start on her journey again.

Then finally, as Snow White was starting to feel the last of her energy pumping through her body, a glimmer of hope appeared in the distance.

A ray of light, was visible through the thick vegetation. The first signs were small, barely visible, like tiny needles but as she stepped closer the light started piercing through the darkness.

Hope! It gave the young woman a boost of energy as she slowly waded towards the edge of the forest.

"Yes!" she screamed as she fell to her knees in the bright and warm sunlight.

After such a long time in the darkness, she was blinded she needed to let her eyes adjust. She sat still for a moment, savoring the effects of the heat as it healed her cold and tired body.

When she was finally able to see, her heart sank.

She was still a prisoner; she was just in a meadow in the middle of the Dark Forest but the tall menacing darkness of the obscure vegetation was surrounding her. The clearing was not so small and, if it had not been entrapped by the forest at its edges, it would probably have been described as idyllic.

After calming her beating heart, Snow White finally found the strength to get to her feet. She was hoping that the meadow might be bigger than it seemed, hoping that it could lead her out of the horrible place.

By that time, the young woman had been walking all day and all night. The distance that she had travelled was rather unimpressive. Her pace had been so sluggish that it had taken her a rather long time to get to where she was, wherever that might be...

A sound in the distance renewed her courage a bit. She could hear a small brook in the distance and her ears guided her to its location. When she found the small stream of water, she lied down on the moist grass and dove her face into the water. It was the sweetest taste she had ever tasted and she drank it savoring its life restoring power.

When she rose to her feet again a pleasant surprise awaited her. She noticed that he meadow was bending in the distance. The clearing was somewhat bigger than it first seemed. She decided to follow it and an even nicer surprise awaited her around the bend.

A house! A rather small two level house was hidden at the edge of the clearing. It sat at the bottom of a cliff, small and isolated but perfectly kept with a fresh layer of paint, a vegetable garden, a chicken coop full of chickens, a barn with a cow and another garden full of bright flowers.

This isolated house in the middle of the Dark Forest was by no means abandoned. Snow White rushed towards it comforted with the thought that she would not be dying alone in the woods.

When Snow White finally got closer to the residence, she was struck by how small it actually was. The closer she got to it, the more her mind and eyes were telling her that the size of the structure was peculiar and irregular.

When she finally made it to the front door, she was sure that this house was inhabited by rather diminutive people.

The door stood only as tall as her shoulder height. Snow White, who was rather tall for a woman of her period standing at 5'7", was by no stretch of the imagination a giant. Yet, this house made her feel like one

She knocked on the door hoping that someone would be home. She was starving and exhausted and prayed that the occupants would be kind and hospitable. Whatever the case may be, this unexpected habitation was her only salvation. Snow White knew that she could not take the risk of venturing back into the forbidding forest. She had survived it once but she would not survive it again.

No answer.

She knocked again.

And again.

Snow White waited for nearly an hour before deciding that it would be ok for her to step in uninvited.

Surely, the inhabitants of the small house would understand.

She struggled to push the thick wooden door open even though it had remained unlocked. She was surprised by its hefty weight. She wondered how the little people living here would be able to handle it.

She then lowered her head and stepped into the space.

The house was empty at the present but it was very clean and tidy and filled with rather small furniture. The height of the ceiling was preventing her from standing up straight and, after a few minutes of neck bending and back breaking exploration, she decided that the only way to be comfortable in such tight confines would be to move about on her hand and knees.

The smell of fresh baked bread and cookies made its way to her nostrils and intoxicated the famished girl.

Her animal instincts took over and led her into the kitchen where she found the food cooling down. Seven fresh loafs of bread were set on the kitchen counter next to a plate of chocolate chip cookies. She devoured the loaves one by one and then ate all the cookies before she felt full and satiated.

Now that she had filled up, she needed to sleep. She was utterly exhausted from her long travels. 

The adrenaline that had kept her going and the survival instinct that had kept her on her feet for so many hours were now being replaced by feelings of safety, comfort and protection in this cozy abode. Snow White became intoxicated with the need to rest, the powerful urge to sleep overtook her senses. 

Somehow, she managed to crawl up to the second floor where she found a big room filled with seven small beds. She pushed several of them together and laid herself across the beds, as she sunk into a deep slumber.

Later that day, seven dwarves came home to find their cozy dwelling a chaotic mess. 

After a long unforgiving day in the mine, they were upset by the violation, the intrusion and disruption that they discovered. They looked through the house and were disheartened to see that the sweet reward of freshly baked cookies had disappeared along with the freshly baked bread that had made them look forward to the evening's supper.

There was mud all over the place. Some of the furniture had been moved. It looked as if a pack of wild animals had trampled through their living space. 

When they found Snow White asleep laying across three of their beds the only feeling that was coursing through the seven little men was anger. They wanted to punish the intruder. Even the pure beauty of her sleepy form was not enough to calm them down. 

They screamed at the girl to wake her up but she would not budge. 

To make matters worse, the intruder had worn to bed her disgusting torn and muddy dress.

The mud was everywhere in the house but the worst damage was to their sleeping quarters. 

They were pissed off!

Snow White woke up in a disoriented state. Seven small, hairy, burly, angry men had lifted her out of bed and had awaken her from a deep dreamless sleep. They threw her to the ground and stood over her menacingly. 

"You stink!"

"You are filthy!"

"You violated our home!"

"There is mud and dirt all over the house!"

"Look at you! You keep on messing up our bedroom with your stench and your dirt!"

"Take her clothes off or she will ruin everything else!"

Fourteen hands reached for her in unison. 

"Stop!" Snow finally found her voice but the angry men could not hear her in their anger. 

"Wait! Let's bring her down to the bathhouse." interjected one of them. "We don't want her to ruin anything else."

They all agreed and the young woman felt their strong, calloused, miners' hand reaching for her. The men were small in stature but were true forces of nature and, despite Snow White's protest and all the energy she expanded to try and break free of their hold on her, they handled her easily. 

The bathhouse was attached to the house. It was a sacred place to the dwarves. It was the place where they purified themselves prior to entering their abodes. 

Unbeknownst to the princess, she had broken one of their cardinal rules. She had not only entered their home uninvited, but she had disrespected their most cherished ritual. 

Dwarves were a mining folks. They did not mind the filth and dirt of their daily grind. However, they devotedly cleansed themselves prior to entering their homes. A dwarf's home was his private lair; it stood in stark contrast to their external lives and the young woman had disrupted their most cherished intimate refuge. 

They carried her downstairs as she tried to escape their grasp to no avail. 

Through a doorway in the back of the house, they brought her into a vast steamy grotto. The floor has been tiled and a large artificial pool had been built around a natural hot spring. The dwarves had designed their house around this natural wonder. For a people who cherishes cleanliness, these seven brothers had discovered the most valuable treasure years ago and had built their haven as a real oasis to shelter them from the outside world. 

Through an intricate design, seven large bathtubs had been carved into the stone around the pool. A plumbing system would feed into the hot spring to bring the clean hot water into the tubs and another intricate system would evacuate the dirty water out to keep the pure water of the hot spring from impurities. 

Another part of the vast sanctuary, was outfitted with showers, big wooden casks and wooden stools and benches. 

This was the area of the first stage of their washing ritual. A first thorough cleaning which involved scrubbing and showering to remove the dirt, a wash and a rinse, then a relaxing bath, and finally a long dip in the hot pool. 

Ritually, the dwarves entered their house through a foyer attached to the grotto. They disrobed from their work attire, and then went through the three stages of cleansing before entering their home. Snow White had entered through the front of the house and had desecrated the purity of their sanctuary.

They quickly crossed the steamy grotto, carried her into the foyer and dropped her to the floor like a dirty bag of rags. 

The young woman tried to protect herself by grabbing her knees and curling up into a small ball on the floor. 

The dwarves would have none of that. The mud that she carried into the house had tainted everything. Even their inside clothes had been contaminated and they removed them in a haste. 

They were now down to their undergarments standing over her. 

They were angry and in a hurry to start putting some order into their house. 

All fourteen hands reached for the girl in unison. They pulled at her, and forced her out of her fetal position. Hands were pulling at her arms and legs, other hands started pulling at her dress. 

"No! No! No!" screamed the girl but her objections fell on deaf ears once again. 

She was struggling, fighting, and expanding so much energy to try to prevent them from undressing her but their hands were just too strong, like shackles, they kept her immobilized. 

The dirty fabric of her dress could not withstand their stony grip and tore apart as they pulled on it. 

Bit by bit, pieces of the dress ripped off. Despite the noble quality of the cloth, it fell apart as the strong hands pulled at it. 

The girl was now down to her petticoat and for the briefest of moments she hoped that they would stop there. The dwarves were in their underwear, so she wished that maybe they would leave her in the same state of undress.

Alas, her petticoat had also picked up mud and dirt through her journey in the dark forest, and the dwarves would have none of that filth. 

Without even a pause, they just kept on ripping through the various layers of clothing. 

By then, Snow White had expanded all her energy. She could not speak up loud enough to be heard as the last pieces of cloths fell off her body. 

She was naked, humiliated and embarrassed. Her only wish was to curl back up into a ball and hide. 

Snow White was still a virgin and no one had ever seen her so exposed. But the unrelenting hands were holding her still; naked, exhibited and spread out in all her glory.

Virginity in those times was a prized commodity. Snow White had been sheltered from contact to men at puberty as the Queen had hoped to sell her Royal hymen to the highest bidder. Of course, as the story goes, the Queen's jealousy over her step-daughter's beauty had altered those plans. 

Yet, Snow White, had remained a virgin isolated from the outside world. But she craved contact. Being a virgin, did not equate to being a prude, it did not mean that she did not feel lust or desire. To the contrary, her isolation had driven her sexual needs to extremes. Snow White was a young lustful overly sexed woman. She had started masturbating at a tender age and, as her carnal cravings grew, so did her masturbatory habits.

She had preserved her hymen in the hope that a prompt marriage would free her from the golden cage in which she lived. However, if she could not experiment with her vagina for sexual release, she ended up teaching her body to experience orgasmic release through any other possible means. In other words, she had preserved her vaginal purity by turning every other part of her body into an erogenous zone.

Over the many years, she had become very sensitive to any physical contact. Once she would get turned on, any caress, any touch, could quickly stimulate her towards an orgasm. 

She had also trained her asshole to become as sensitive as her clit. Snow White had taken the habit of playing with that tight little hole during her clitoral masturbatory exercises. After years of digitally stimulating her rectum during orgasms, her body had associated rectal stimulation to orgasmic bliss. It had gotten to the point that she would even often experience small orgasms when she went to the bathroom.

So, after years of being concealed away from any form of male contact, the young woman was being held stretched out naked by seven men. She was obviously humiliated and embarrassed by the degradation of being treated in such a manner. However, what shamed the young woman to her core, was the fact that her body was betraying her. Snow White was aroused by the manhandling that had gone on so far. Silently, she prayed that the men would not notice how turned on she was by their actions.

Any hot-blooded man would have been in awe of the princess's charms. Any human would have been tempted and mesmerized by the naked horny form in front of them.

The dwarves were not.

Her body too was covered with mud and dirt because of her long journey. The dirt was too much of a turn off for them to sense the beauty beneath it.

They kept on handling the girl with ease like a docile pet thus adding to her humiliation.

The forced exposure was too much for her to handle. The shame was now making her feverish and red with embarrassment. The humiliation was intensified by the growing sexual desire that she wished to keep concealed from her tormentors. 

Regrettably, the only thing that she could control at this point was her eyes, and she closed them tightly. There was no other way to escape.

Once she was naked, the dwarves brought her back into the steamy grotto to the cleaning area.

There was no tenderness in their action. They laid her on her stomach astride one of the benches, they grabbed several bars of soap and lathered her skin before scrubbing her with soft brushes and throwing buckets of hot waters to rinse the suds off.

Their hands kept her wrists and ankles captive and she felt like an animal in a barn being held and manipulated this way and that. 

Yet, her pussy was beginning to purr with the constant heat of arousal. She concentrated on her breathing in an effort to calm her carnal cravings. But, if Snow was a master at bringing herself to numerous thunderous orgasms, she did not know how to control her desires. Denying pleasure from herself was in complete contradiction to her practices. Her only hope was that the process would not last too much longer as she felt the wave of a first orgasmic explosion approaching.

Then, just in the nick of time, they flipped her on her back.

"No!" she pleaded out, as her relief was short lived. She was horrified by the prospect of them touching her where no one else had touched her before. The fear and dread momentarily diminished the flame of her desire.

The princess was completely depleted of energy to fight them off. She was restrained and could not cover herself. Their vice like grip on her hands and feet was as unbreakable then as it had been earlier.

The dwarves remained unmoved by the charms of the young woman. Her front was still muddy and dirty and they still were too angry and turned off to notice the woman standing before them. 

They started lathering her front with soap, their hands never making any direct contact with the filthy skin of the being who had wrecked their house. They scrubbed her with the brushes again keeping her at a distance, and once again they finished their task by throwing buckets of hot water to remove the soapsuds covering her body.
