 Author's note: In this instalment of Fucking Fairytales we experiment with one of the weirder tales. I have no idea why the characters behave the way they do in the original... but I hope some sex can make it better~! I've stayed very true to the original, though (so much, in fact, that it almost felt like cheating sometimes), resulting in a quick, humorous tale. I hope you enjoy, and please let me know in the comments what you think! 

Once upon a time there was a young Queen who lived in a lovely castle, with her adoptive mother, who was a witch, and her husband, the King of the realm. Outside the castle she kept her garden, wherein stood two rose-trees, so entangled together that they might as well have been a single tree, and one of them bore white roses, while the other had red ones.

The Queen had two children who were like the two rose-trees, and one was called Snow White, and the other Rose Red. And just like their mother once had, and their grandmother still had, the two children had luxuriously long hair imbued with powerful magic. Snow White's hair was so blonde it was nearly white, while Rose Red had a mane so red it looked almost on fire, but since they'd been very young, their hair had been braided together and would not come apart. This meant the girls could only go about a meter away from each other, but this did not bother them, for they were so fond of one another that they never wanted to part. And when Snow White said: "We will not leave each other," Rose Red answered: "Never so long as we live," and their mother would add: "What one has she must share with the other."

When the two girls came of age, they were meant to go with their grandmother to learn how to use their magic, but as fate would have it, that year brought war to their father's kingdom, and as the most powerful sorceress of the realm, their grandmother went with the King to battle, while the Queen took her daughters to a cottage in the woods, to keep them safe from the fighting. And the rose trees, somehow, came with them, settling outside the cottage as though they had always been there.

And thus they lived in the cottage in the wood, and they were as good and happy, as busy and cheerful as ever two young maidens in the world were, only Snow White was more quiet and gentle than Rose Red, who had a more fiery temperament.

Their mother tried to teach them a bit about their magic, for she had once been a sorceress herself, only all her power had gone into her daughters as soon as she got pregnant. But she was not a very good teacher, and would rather pamper them and leave the harsher lessons for when their grandmother came back. Still, she taught them to call the animals to them and have them do what they wanted, and she showed them how to make plants grow and move at their whim, and she told them how to manipulate their hair as though it was a third limb, though this was always difficult for them, for their braids would not come apart, and would more often act on its own than do what they wanted. At last, she also taught them the one spell her mother had failed to teach her in time; how to take a man's seed within them without getting pregnant.

Time passed, and soon winter was upon them, and one night while they were sitting together by the fire, their mother reading aloud out of a large tome, there came a knock on the door.

They all went silent. This was the first time anyone else had come to their cottage. After a moment, whoever was out there knocked again.

"Mother, shouldn't we open?" asked Snow White. The Queen bit her lip, but then she steeled herself, and nodded.

"Better do, girls. It's probably just a traveller who is seeking shelter."

The twins went together and unbolted the door before pushing it open, but there was no poor traveller on their threshold, but a bear that stretched his broad, black head within the door.

The girls screamed and sprang back, preparing to use their magic to control the bear and keep it away, but the bear began to speak, and said: "Do not be afraid, I will do you no harm! I am half frozen, and only want to warm myself a little beside you."

Then the Queen's eyes glinted with amusement, and she said, "Of course, Mr. Bear, do come in and lie down by the fire, only take care that you do not burn your... coat." Then she turned to her daughters, and said "Snow White, Rose Red, come here and help our guest warm up; he'll do you no harm. Meanwhile, I think I'll retire, but you three have fun and stay up as long as you like."

As soon as their mother had gone to bed, the girls came closer and started running their hands through the bear's luxurious fur, brushing away the snow and massaging his powerful hide. Presently they were climbing all over him, and Snow White gently kissed his nose, while Rose Red playfully bit at his ear, and as they rubbed their bodies against his, everyone became quite hot indeed, and soon the bear's member poked its head out from within his furry coat and made itself known to them.

The girls had never seen a dick before, but they'd heard a lot about them, and at once jumped at this opportunity to get better acquainted with one. They teased it and licked it and rubbed first their tits against it and then their wet pussies, and wailed that it was much too big to take inside their mouths or virgin vaginas. What they lacked in experience they made up for in enthusiasm, and soon both the girls and the floor was splattered in big globs of bear cum. They tried to catch most of it on their cooches, though, and afterwards took great pleasure in licking one another clean, lying head-to-crotch atop the bear's fluffy tummy.

Soon they had brought themselves to orgasm, and they trashed wildly atop the bear, and he called out: "Leave me alive, Snow White, Rose Red; will you beat your lover dead?" But it was all in good fun, and henceforth the bear came every night to their cottage and laid himself down by the hearth, and the girls played and played with him until everything smelled potently of bear cum.

But eventually, as time passed, spring came around, as it always does, and one morning when all outside was green, the bear said to his two lovers: "Now I must go away, and cannot come back for the whole summer."

"Where are you going, dear bear?" asked Snow White.

"I must go into the forest and seek to reclaim my treasure from he who has stolen it. In the winter, when the earth is frozen hard, he is obliged to stay below and cannot work his way through; but now, when the sun has thawed and warmed the earth, he'll break through it, and come out to pry and steal; and what once gets into his hands, and into his caves, does not easily see daylight again."

The young women were quite sorry to see him go, but opened the door for him, and the bear was hurrying out. But he caught against a bolt and a piece of his hairy coat was torn off, and while Snow White's eyes were blurred by tears, Rose Red saw it and thought for a moment she had seen gold shining through it, though she wasn't sure. The bear ran away quickly, and soon he was out of sight behind the trees.

Without their playmate, the twins became sad and lethargic, but their mother kept sending them out on errands to keep their minds off the loss of their lover. One day she sent them out in the woods to get firewood, and there they found a big tree felled on the ground, and something was hopping up and down close by while cursing loudly. When they came nearer, they saw it was a dwarf with a great, black beard that covered most of his face and was perhaps as long as he was. But the end of the beard was caught in a crevice of the tree, and the poor fellow was tethered like a pup on a leash, and could not pull himself free.

He glared at the girls with fiery red eyes and cried: "What the fuck are you lookin' at? Come on and help me, you useless pussies!"

"What are you up to, little man?" asked Rose Red.

"Little? Who you callin' little, you dumb trollop! Help me lose and I'll show you little, you insolent whore! My beard got stuck while I was chopping wood, and if you harlots don't open up the tree right this instance, I'll give your hides a proper tanning, I will!"

The girls gave one another a look, but couldn't bring themselves to leave the poor bastard to his fate, and started using their magic to have the tree let him go. But as much as they tried, the wood wouldn't listen to them, and even when they pulled with all their might, they couldn't get the beard loose.

"Well, there's only one thing for it, then," said Rose Red, and pulled a pair of scissors from her pocket.

"Sister, no; I don't think that's such a good..." started Snow White, but Rose Red had already taken the scissors to the beard and snip-snap, she'd cut a length off the end.

As soon as he was free, the dwarf jumped at Rose Red with a furious roar, knocking her to the ground. "How dare you, you harridan, you beard-defiler! You'll pay for this, bitch!"

He pulled down his pants, and out sprang a dick that was surprisingly long and thick, considering his otherwise small stature, though it was nothing against the bear-cock the girls were used to.

"Have you ever sucked dick before, slut?" asked the dwarf, and Rose Red shook her head. "Good," said the dwarf, "I shall enjoy fucking your virgin throat."

Lifting Rose Red as though she weighed nothing at all, he put her back down on all fours, right in front of his raging erection. The girl swallowed, but obediently opened her mouth, not daring to anger the little man more than she already had, and at once the dwarf pushed into her. She sucked and licked at his cock-head and he held her head with one hand, while with the other he beckoned Snow White closer to him and told her to hike up her skirts and pull down her panties.

Snow White most wanted to run, but as always, she was connected to her sister, and could only watch as she was forced to service the dwarf with her mouth. Frightened that he would do the same to her, she came closer when he bade her, and timidly lifted her skirts. Without a word, the dwarf started prodding at her pussy with his fingers, circling her clit and sliding between her lips. Snow White drew in a sharp breath, and then couldn't help but moan.

"What a dirty slut," said the dwarf. "Enjoying a bit of fingering while your sister's havin' her mouth fucked. Perhaps it turns you on to watch? You're certainly wet enough."

All Snow White uttered in reply was another moan, but she started grinding her hips against his hand, and all thoughts of escape seemed to have left her. Meanwhile, the dwarf was not being slowed down in the least by this multitasking, but kept pushing his hard member into Rose Red's mouth. Soon the inexperienced girl was having trouble moving her tongue, but the dwarf didn't care; in fact, he seemed more than happy to use her mouth as a cock-sleeve without any further stimulating actions on her part. With his hand like a claw dug into her fiery hair he vigorously pumped his shaft down her throat, roughly face-fucking her, while with the other hand, he was being ever so gentle with Snow White, caressing her clit with dextrous fingers. Soon enough he was cumming, shooting his seed deep into the red-head's stomach, while the blonde was practically melting into his head, dripping juices in her own orgasm.

"That should teach you, you filthy whore, not to mess with a dwarf's beard," said the angry little fellow, letting the twins go and grabbing hold of a large bag instead, which he swung upon his back, and then he went off without giving the girls even a backwards glance.

The sisters both collapsed and lay panting on the forest floor, and Snow White took her sister's head in her lap, gently stroking her hair and apologising for not saving her from that awful ordeal, and for letting the dwarf finger her to orgasm while he was taking his own pleasure from Rose's poor throat. But Rose Red licked her lips and rubbed her cum-filled belly and did not say that she had orgasmed right along with the other two, more aroused by being used and watched than she had ever been by playing with their bear friend.

Some time afterwards their mother sent Rose Red and Snow White to catch some fish. As they came near the river, they saw a shape hopping wildly along the water, almost as if it was going to leap in. The two women ran to it, and saw that it was the dwarf again.

"What are you doing, hopping around like that?" asked Rose Red. "Do you want to fall into the water?"

"Of course not, you dumb cow!" shouted the dwarf. "Can't you see the fish is tryin' to pull me under? Well, don't stand there gawking like a pair of pussies, help me!"

Now the twins spotted the nearly invisible fishing line that was tangled in the dwarf's beard; the poor creature had fallen asleep while fishing, but then the wind had teased the line around his beard just as a big lug of a fish had taken the bait, and now it was fighting him in a perilous tug-of-war.

The sisters gave each other a look -- they remembered what had happened last time -- but they couldn't leave the little guy to drown. So they rushed over and grabbed the fishing line and used their magic to call out to the fish, trying to draw it in, but to their chagrin, the fish stayed just as stubborn, and no matter how hard they pulled, they couldn't reel it in.

"Well, there's only one thing for it, then," said Rose Red and brought out her scissors again.

"Oh, no, don't," said Snow White, but it was too late; with a snip-snap her sister had already cut another lengthy piece off the end of the beard. As soon as he was freed, the dwarf jumped on his rescuer again, barrelling her into the ground.

"You fuckin' nitwit, you harpy, you cunt, how dare you cut my beard again! Didn't learn your lesson last time, did you? Well, let's teach you another!"

Once more he pulled down his pants, and his erection sprang out, looking just as angry as he did. He took hold of Rose Red, and as though she weighed nothing at all he flipped her over on her back and pulled aside her skirts and panties.

"Have you ever been taken by a man before, slut?" he asked, and Rose Red shook her head. "Good," said the dwarf, "I shall enjoy fucking your virgin cunt."

Without any further foreplay he drove his dick into her, making her cry out in surprise, and then with one hand held her hips steady as he started slowly fucking her, harder, faster and deeper with every stroke. With his other hand he beckoned for Snow White again, and the blushing girl stepped forwards and lifted her skirts for him. This time, the dwarf didn't just caress her vulva and clit, but sent first one and then two fingers into her opening, gently finger-fucking her and teasing her button with his thumb, and all the while his dick was happily hammering away at her sister's cunt.

Snow White was finding her eyes drawn to the sight, so dirty and forbidden, and almost -- just almost -- envied her sister the attention of a real cock. But the dwarf was an expert with his hands, and soon he had her moaning again, and bucking her hips against his ministrations.

"What a nasty slut you are," said the dwarf. "You just love the sight of me fuckin' your dumb sister's brains out, don't you, you silly bimbo? I betcha you'd like to do this all day, the whore you are."

Snow White hummed with something that could possibly be interpreted as agreement, but was incapable of any further replies as just then she was struggling not to fall over, what with the powerful orgasm that was coursing through her. As her cunt clamped down on his fingers, the dwarf came as well, shooting his seed deep within the redhead's womb, and thus satisfied he withdrew from both girls.

"That better teach you, you filthy whore, not to mess with a dwarf's beard," he said, and then he took out a sack of pearls which lay in the rushes, and without another word he dragged it away and disappeared behind a stone.

The two women were left panting by the riverside, and once again Snow White took her sister's head in her lap and stroked her hair gently and cared for her and apologised for not having done more to help, and for letting that awful little man use her so cruelly once more. But Rose Red bit her lip and rolled her hips and did not say that she'd orgasmed right along with the other two, and being taken so roughly now, while her sister was watching, had felt even better than last time.

Soon afterwards it happened that their mother sent the two girls to the town for supplies and news about the war. The road led them across a heath upon which huge pieces of rock lay strewn about. There they noticed a large bird hovering in the air, flying slowly round and round above them; it sank lower and lower, and at last dived down near a rock not far away. Immediately they heard a loud, angry curse. They ran up and saw that the huge bird had seized their old acquaintance the dwarf by the beard, and was going to carry him off.

The women exchanged a look, but wasn't about to leave him to his fate, and they quickly ran up, calling out to the bird with their magic, coaxing it to land. As before, their magic did not seem to work like it should, but this time at least it had some effect, and the bird came close enough to the ground that Snow White could take hold of the dwarf and drag him down while Rose Red leapt into the air and with her scissors, snip-snap, she cut off a great chunk of the beard, so that he had almost nothing left.

The dwarf tumbled to the ground like an angry hedgehog, all balled up and shooting curses all around, and once he'd regained his footing he at once leapt upon Rose Red like before, accusing her most foully: "What is it with you, you disastrous slattern? Why do you insist of robbing me of my beard and my pride? Why am I saddled with such a good-for-nothing tart, such a clumsy cow, such a dim-witted whore? I can only hope that if I fuck your brains out, you'll stop havin' such hare-brained notions and start treatin' me and my poor, mangled beard with the respect we deserve!"

And he picked up Rose Red as though she weighed nothing at all and put her down on all four, facing away from him.

"Have you ever taken it in the butt before, slut?" he asked, and Rose Red shook her head. "Good," said the dwarf, "I shall enjoy fucking your virgin asshole."

He pulled down her skirt and panties, and his own pants, and quickly he had the head of his erection lined up with her puckered back door.

"Oh, surely you can't -!" said Snow White, wringing her hands on the side-lines, mortified by what she was about to witness, and by her own body's reaction to the prospect.

"S'pose you're right," grunted the dwarf. "It's gonna smart something awful when it's all dry like this. Come here, slut. Skirt up and panties down."

Once again Snow White stepped up to the little man and bared her nethers for him. He sent his hand between her lips and it came away slick with juices, which he used to lubricate his dick and Rose Red's bumhole, harassing Snow White all the while for how much of a slut she was, so wet she was practically dripping. The embarrassed girl blushed furiously, but daren't move, or let her skirts down, or speak another protest as the dwarf laboriously pushed the head of his mighty tool into that darkest of holes.

The dwarf showed no mercy as he reamed Rose Red's ass, pushing in to the hilt before pulling almost all the way out and pushing in again, and again. He held her steady with one hand on her hip as he pumped in and out of that tight opening, while his other hand was once again exploring her sister's cunt. But this time he didn't stop at a finger or two, but inserted a third, working her wider and wider, and then a fourth, and finally, to Snow White's astonishment, he pushed in a fifth finger and let her hungry cunt swallow his hand whole.
