 The bulk of the actual tale is from the original Grimm brothers tale. I've played with it, added things in, tweaked and cut off the old ending. I hope you enjoy it.

There was once a poor widow who lived in a lonely cottage. In front of the cottage was a garden wherein stood two rose-trees, one of which bore white and the other red roses. One cold morning the widow found two foundlings on her doorstep. There was a note pinned to each blanket saying that while the girls shared no blood they should be raised together. No further explanation as given, there was no signature. While puzzled the widow was delighted that she now had two daughters. Two children who were like the two rose-trees, and one was called Snow-white, and the other Rose-red. They were as good and happy, as busy and cheerful as ever two children in the world were, only Snow-white was more quiet and gentle than Rose-red. Rose liked better to run about in the meadows and fields seeking flowers and catching butterflies, but Snow sat at home with her mother, and helped her with her house-work, or read to her when there was nothing to do.

The two children were so fond of one another that they always held each other by the hand when they went out together, and when Snow said, we will not leave each other, Rose answered, never so long as we live, and their mother would add, what one has she must share with the other. They held to this ideal as they grew older. 

The years passed and the girls grew into young women of twenty summers. Rose was still the wilder one. She would spend her days running about the woods, scampering about with the creatures she found there. Snow tended to stick closer to home, tending to their ailing mother and caring for their home. Rose found joy in racing against deer, Snow found joy in tending her garden and quiet walks. Both however, found their greatest joy in each other. 

They often ran about the forest alone and gathered red berries, and no beasts did them any harm, but came close to them trustfully. The little hare would eat a cabbage-leaf out of their hands, the roe grazed by their side, the stag leapt merrily by them, and the birds sat still upon the boughs, and sang whatever they knew. All the animals knew them by their voices and appearance. Snow's Pale golden hair and skin, Rose's deep auburn hair and lightly tanned complexion. Their voices would weave together in conversation to form a melody that the animals would stop in their tracks to listen to. They often played a game with the red berries. After they had gathered the berries in their basket they would usually eat a handful on their way home. After one had placed a berry in her mouth the other would say "what one has she must share with the other?" Then the one with the berry would lean toward her companion smiling. The other would press her lips to the others, then delve her tongue into her sisters warm mouth, retrieving the berry. This was a popular game with the two. 

No mishap overtook them, if they had stayed too late in the forest, and night came on, they laid themselves down near one another upon the moss, and slept until morning came, and their mother knew this and did not worry on their account. 

On such nights they would curl up together, Rose behind Snow. Rose would stretch out her arm on the ground in such a way that both she and Snow could make a pillow of it. Rose's other arm would usually be thrown over Snow protectively. Snow laughed at this, but enjoyed it nonetheless. They would wake in much the same position. Perhaps one would have her hand cupping the others breast or bottom, maybe a leg slid between the others thighs. If this was so they would give a lingering caress and then awaken their sleeping sister to begin the day. 

Once when they had spent the night in the wood and the dawn had roused them they looked about. And when they looked round they found that they had been sleeping quite close to a precipice, and would certainly have fallen into it in the darkness if they had gone only a few paces further. Rose chastised herself the whole way home for being so thoughtless and not realizing the danger nearby. She was nearing tears when Snow stopped her and kissed her deeply, and then told her that nothing had happened, so everything was all right. When they told their mother of the danger she told them that it must have been the angel who watches over good children who saved them.

Snow and Rose kept their mother's little cottage so neat that it was a pleasure to look inside it. In the summer Rose took care of the house, and every morning laid a wreath of flowers by her mother's bed before she awoke, in which was a rose from each tree. In the winter Snow lit the fire and hung the kettle on the hob. The kettle was of brass and shone like gold, so brightly was it polished. In the evening, when the snowflakes fell, the mother said, go, Snow, and bolt the door, and then they sat round the hearth, and the mother took her spectacles and read aloud out of a large book, and the two girls listened as they sat and spun. And close by them lay a lamb upon the floor, and behind them upon a perch sat a white dove with its head hidden beneath its wings.

One evening, as they were thus sitting comfortably together, someone knocked at the door as if he wished to be let in. The mother said, quick, Rose, open the door, it must be a traveler who is seeking shelter. Rose went and pushed back the bolt, thinking that it was a poor man, but it was not. It was a bear that stretched his broad, black head within the door. Rose screamed and sprang back, the lamb bleated, the dove fluttered, and Snow hid herself behind her mother's bed all the while yelling possible strategies to Rose. Rose later said that this was not terribly helpful, but that she did appreciate the effort. 

But the bear began to speak and said, do not be afraid, I will do you no harm. I am half-frozen, and only want to warm myself a little beside you.

Poor bear, said the mother, lie down by the fire, only take care that you do not burn your coat. Then she cried, Snow, Rose, come out, the bear will do you no harm, he means well. So they both came out, and by-and-by the lamb and dove came nearer, and were not afraid of him. The bear said, here, girls, knock the snow out of my coat a little. So they brought the broom and swept the bear's hide clean, and he stretched himself by the fire and growled contentedly and comfortably. 

It was not long toll the girls grew quite at home with the bear, and played tricks with their clumsy guest. They tugged his hair with their hands, put their feet upon his back and rolled him about, or they took a hazel-switch and beat him, and when he growled they laughed. But the bear took it all in good part, only when they were too rough he called out, leave me alive girls,

snow-white, rose-red,

will you beat your wooer dead.

When it was bed-time, the mother said to the bear, you can lie there by the hearth, and then you will be safe from the cold and the bad weather. And the old widow went to bed. 

Rose and Snow were in no way tired and so decided to stay up for a while. The bear had relaxed into a doze on the rug. Snow and Rose disrobed, then crawled over to him and leaned against his bulk by the fire, Snow laying her head in Rose's lap. Snow looked up at her beloved Rose, the fire had turned her hair to glinting flame and her normally brown eyes into glowing warmth. As Snow began to thread her fingers through her friend's hair Rose looked down at her. The heat shining from Snow's icy blue eyes made Rose moan. Rose traced Snow's lips with one finger, dipping into the wet, then tracing again. Snow opened her mouth and brought her sister's finger in, sucking and laving it, she began to flick her tongue rapidly across the very tip. This sent an arc of heat to the very area of Rose's body that ached to be treated in just that way. As Snow licked and sucked Rose began to feel her way over her beloved's body with her free hand. She cupped one of Snow's small round breasts. The pale gleaming skin was warm and smooth. Rose tracked the curve up to the dusky nipple, and then circled with her finger. She caught the tip between two fingers and gave a gentle tug, rubbing it with the palm of her hand. Rose tugged again, harder now. Snow gasped and bowed against Rose, her head thrashing against her lap. 

Rose, smiling, gently brought Snow off her lap and laid her on the floor, the fire on one side, the great bear on the other. Rose straddled her sister; face to face, breast to breast, pussy hovering just over pussy. Rose, supporting herself on her elbows, looked down in to the face of her love. She was exquisite. Snow had the fullest most beautiful lips that god had ever created. And they were hers. Rose plundered them softly. Stealing past their coral gates to the pearls beneath. Seized by desire she took her sisters mouth. Snow returned her caresses, loving her sisters mouth with her tongue, caressing her body with her hands. Their moans filled the heated air. Mouths on mouths on necks on breasts. Hands gripping hair, then caressing necks, then filled with hot swells of flesh. They were filled with heat. Snow melted into Rose, Rose melted into Snow. Snow, now on top of Rose, began to grind their sexes together. The lips of their pussies fitting together so that the friction and wet was incredible against each clit. Rose gripped Snow's hips and helped her with the rhythm. Their bodies rocked together in growing pleasure. Clit rubbing clit, breast rubbing breast as their cries grew louder. Suddenly the air beside them went hazy, and then clear. 

Snow looked to the side and gasped. Which was all she could really do as her sister was still making ferocious love to her. At her gasp Rose looked to the side as well and before Snow knew what was what she had been shoved behind her sister. For there before them was, not a large bear, but a young man. A completely naked and aroused young man. The man quickly explained (Rose had a poker aimed at his throat by this time) that he was indeed their bear friend but was really a young man who had been enchanted by a wizard. A wizard who thought it would be hilarious to have him turn back into a man only as long as he was aroused. The three talked and it was decided that the man should be allowed to join in their play if he wished. The girls had never had a man before and were nervous. So the man told them to just continue as they had been and he would join in. The sisters agreed to this. 

Snow took the initiative by kissing Rose softly on the lips. Rose, still hot from their earlier play surprised and delighted Snow by caressing her breast with one hand, and her pussy with the other. Snow's moan was swallowed by her sister who brought up a dew covered finger and rubbed it on Snow's nipples. Rose then leaned Snow back and began to devour her breasts with hunger, one hand trailed down her body and began to fondle her pussy. All Snow could do was gasp and thrash about as her pussy was invaded by first one then two plunging fingers. In and out they drove, her hot pussy squeezing them tightly. Rose crouched between her love's legs. Watching her fingers slide in and out of the plump pink lips. She dove in with her mouth and found the pearl. As she began to lick it back and forth, circling and nipping, Snow began to whimper. As Snow watched her sister pleasure her she saw the man circle behind Rose's crouched form. Snow felt Rose add a third finger to those she was driving in and out of her heated flesh. Her whole body throbbing Snow watched the man crouch behind her friend.

Rose, caught up completely in pleasuring her sister, jumped when a tongue licked her pussy lips from behind. When she jerked a hand was placed on her bottom, and she remembered. She continued to drive her sister with her fingers and tongue while spreading her own legs wider. The man began to lap at her in long sweeping stroked from her pussy to her anus. Rose's breath caught, she began to rotate her fingers inside her sister, sweeping them back and forth. Snow began to buck her hips up, capturing Rose's fingers as deeply as she could. Rose pushed back violently against the man and he seemed to get the point. He knelt behind her, and without warning, drove his cock into her tight pussy. Rose screamed between Snow's legs. 

Snow stilled and looked at her sister. After a moment when the world stilled, Rose began to move against the man, pushing him in and out of her depths. Rose also renewed her efforts in Snow's body. Licking and teasing her clit with renewed vigor while spreading and plunging her fingers within her beloved's wetness. The man gripped Rose's hips in his large hands and began to drive his manhood in and out of the beautiful woman's body. The force of the man's movements drove Rose harder into Snow. And Snow, seeing her sister being taken, began to feel stars. Driving herself up against her sisters mouth she exploded. Her spine arching as she shook with pleasure, all she could feel was the explosion in her pussy as her sister rammed a fourth finger up into her. Her pussy clamped around those fingers as she wailed. 

Seeing this the man sped up his thrusts. Slamming Rose's tightness up and down his throbbing cock. He dipped a finger into her wetness and teased her rosebud with it, easing a finger into her anus. Soon he was thrusting into her pussy with his cock and her ass with his finger while she licked her sisters shuddering pussy with her tongue. Rose drove back on that cock and finger, feeling the heated steel being driven to her core. The man, leaning forward drove Rose up her sisters body so that they were face to face. 

Rose kissed her spent sister with passion. Her own climax still unattained. The man who was filling her so deeply had pushed their bodies down so that her pussy was now rocking against her sisters. Their clits grinding into each other. The man himself was arched over her body, his hands braced on either side of her. The combination of her sisters mouth, the grinding of her clit, and the deep hot thrusts of the man caused Rose to climax at last. White fire enveloped her fevered body as every point of pleasure was filled with light. The fisting of her pussy caused the man to come deep within her, sending her over the edge again. 

As soon as day dawned the two let him out, and he trotted across the snow into the forest.

Henceforth the bear came every evening at the same time, laid himself down by the hearth, and let the girls amuse themselves with him as much as they liked.