 Many moons ago upon a stormy winter's night a young Queen sits in her bedchamber staring out at the falling snow. In her lap is her embroidery yet her hands are still. Instead she is thinking about her fate, or rather her curse, to be married to such a cold ruthless man. Though she dreads having a child by him, lest it be a son and become like him, she still wishes to have a child to at least love and cherish. For here in this strange land she has no one to turn to, not even her husband. He is either drinking himself into a stupor or out on a campaign to conquer another land. She has known no love or compassion from him, rather she has known cruelty, pain, shame, and blood. 

She puts her embroidery down upon the window seat, slowly rising to her feet. She moves to her bed and pulls down the covers, preparing herself for another night of rest. She blows out the candle beside the bed and snuggles into the warm down blankets. Silently she prays for that the dreams that have been haunting her do not come this night before she falls asleep. 

She awakens to a dim room when the fire has almost died down in the hearth, confused slightly as she could have sworn she heard her name being whispered. She finds it is also strange that the scent of flowers is in the air. But flowers so soon and Yule has barely been past but a week? She shakes her head thinking it is all but a dream. But she can not get rid of the feeling she is being watched. She places her bare feet upon the cold stone floor and moves to the hearth to place another log upon the fire. Just as she is about to turn back to her bed, she feels warm soft hands caress her neck. Thinking it is one of the servants she turns towards the person to tell him to leave her be, only to be entranced by the violet flecked with gold eyes looking down upon her.

Softly the man whispers close to her ear, "What is it you truly want Morwen?"

And without thinking she looks up at him, "A daughter who is white as snow, red as blood, and black as a raven's wing." 

Without a word he picks her up and carries her to her bed. Gently he lays her down, his hands caressing her softly through her nightshift letting her get used to his touch. She begins to writhe under his hands, her hands resting on his biceps as he touches her. His hands slide up the nightshift to her breasts, his fingers gently pinch her nipples until they are standing up on their own. Gently he caresses and massages her breasts, once in awhile flicking her nipples. She tilts her head back with a soft moan, arching her body up towards his. His hands grip the nightshift by its hem to slowly pull it up over her head exposing her young lithe body to his gaze. He smiles as he licks the half moon shaped birthmark by her breast whispering softly against her skin, "The mark of the Sidhe." She looks at him with a knowing smile and touches his pointed ears gently. Slowly her hands travel down his bare chest to rest on his hips. 

He grins mischievously as he kisses down her chest and over her belly. His hands span her hips and buttocks as he delves down between her legs causing her to cry out in both surprise and pleasure. He licks up between her lips to caress the nub that rests there. Gently he nibbles, sucks, and licks this very nub. Her hips squirm, her head is thrown back in pleasure. She cries out as her body is brought to orgasm, trembling from head to toe. With a whimper she barely manages to whisper, "Are these feelings what I've been missing?"

He lifts his head to look at her licking her juices off his lips, "This is merely the beginning Morwen." He slowly unties his trousers, smiling at her as he slides them down over his hips exposing his long and hardened cock to her. Her eyes widen in surprise; she has never before seen one so big...let alone so hard...and she begins to squirm hoping it does not hurt her. As if he read her mind he whispers as he moves up the bed, "Fear not Morwen, I shall never hurt you. That's a promise. And Madoc doesn't break his promises." She nods, trusting him implicitly as he slowly presses his cock against her lips. Slowly he enters her letting her become adjusted to his girth as he kisses her neck and then her lips. She moans softly against his lips as he enters her tight wet pussy. With one final shove he is inside of her completely and fully, and she arches her hips against him never feeling so full before. He guides her legs around his waist as he thrusts in and out of her. Her eyes close as the feelings overwhelm her, she moans as his thrusts go faster and faster. She can feel warmth spreading under his skin and when she opens her eyes to look at him his pale skin is glowing like moonlight on a summer's night. Suddenly his magic washes over her and she cries out in ecstasy trembling as she has an orgasm. At the same time he groans spilling his seed inside of her with his eyes closed. Gently he slides out of her, curling up at her side like a giant cat, running his fingers up and down her ribcage as she trembles from the orgasm she had. He watches over her as she falls into a deep contented sleep with a smile upon her lips. Gently he kisses those ruby lips before disappearing into the shadows of the night. 

She awoke the next morning feeling more alive than she has ever felt since she was a child. She stretches in her bed looking out the window at the sunny winter's day that has dawned. She slips out of her bed her hand going to her stomach. Was it all a dream last night? Shaking her head she smiles wistfully, and prepares herself for the day thinking that surely it was all but a dream. And if anything, it was a pleasant dream at that. 

But as day turned to night she began to wonder if what happened was real, then would Madoc return to her bed that night. She prepares for the night, with a smile upon her lips hoping that he would return. For once she is looking forward to having a man in her bed, even if it is not her husband. Finally she has found the pleasure that there can be between a man and a woman; well she supposes he could be called a man, even if he is Sidhe. 

In the middle of the night he returns, and he stands watching her as she sleeps soundly. He walks across the room on silent bare feet to slip into her warm bed next to her. Gently he slides his hand up her night robe, trailing his fingers along her inner thigh. He smiles softly as he feels the warmth from her pussy, his fingers stroking her lips to ease her awake slowly. As she awakens to his gentle ministrations, she moans softly arching her hips up to his hand. Slowly he pulls his hand away with a grin as she looks to him. Licking her lips, she sits up in the bed and runs her hands over his chest, teasing his nipples with her nails. She unties his trousers to free his cock with one hand, her other hand still trailing along his chest and slowly over his stomach, down towards his cock ever so slowly and teasingly. Although she has never done this before with a man she feels encouraged to try, if at least once. She lowers her head down towards his dick, her tongue peeking out of her mouth to flick at the head of his cock. He groans, but doesn't touch her, letting her do as she pleases to experiment with being with a man. Slowly but steadily she begins to swallow his dick into her mouth, taking it in inch by inch. He gasps as he feels her wet mouth start to engulf him his hands starting to clench in the bed sheets. He whispers hoarsely, "Oh yes Morwen. Suck me."

She smiles around his cock and does as she is told. She begins to suck on his cock, gently at first. As she finds a rhythm, sucking on his cock and moving her head up and down, she begins to suck harder. He throws his head back with a feral growl, arching his hips up towards her mouth. She brings her mouth up off his cock and twirls her tongue around the head once more before swallowing him again. Gently he takes one of her hands and leads it to his balls. She begins to massage them as she continues sucking on his cock. He tries to control himself and whispers, "No more Morwen my turn to pleasure you. Oh Goddess, please no more." Gently he takes her hair in his hand and pulls her up off his cock. He kisses her possessively, tasting himself on her lips and tongue. He trails kisses down her neck and the middle of her chest. As he reaches her stomach, he licks inside her belly button causing her to giggle. As his lips reach her pelvis, she spreads her legs willingly for him. His head lowers and he takes one long lick along her pussy lips causing her to arch her hips up to him. He flicks his tongue over her clit before gently sucking on it causing her to moan. One of his hands comes up between her legs to stick a finger inside her wet pussy. He strokes his finger in and out of her a few times before adding another inside her while he sucks on her clit. She throws back her head as she cries out in pleasure, quickly cumming; her juices squirting out over his hand. Slowly he takes his fingers out of her, and moves off the bed. She looks to him confused, but then he brings her up onto her hands and knees facing away from him. 

With a gentle but sure thrust he enters her pussy. He groans as he feels her muscles clenching around his shaft. He begins to thrust in and out of her slowly to tease her and at the same time, teasing himself. She moans and begins to pick up his rhythm, her hips starting to move as his cock goes in and out of her. Together they both increase the pace. She throws her head back, her long hair trailing down her back; he grips her hair with one hand to gain leverage. He thrusts faster and harder into her, she moans with pleasure almost like a savage beast, a side of her that she has never encountered before. She cums a few seconds before he does with a shudder before she collapses onto the bed; completely satisfied. He leans forward and kisses her softly, whispering against her lips, "Upon this night of the full moon, I grant thee thy wish. In nine months time you shall have a child." But the last part she does not hear as she has already fallen asleep. He slips off into the night after he straightens himself, never to be seen again by her. 

But in a few months time, she realizes that while her husband has gone what happened actually did occur. For soon she begins to show. Luckily her husband had only been gone a few days before Madoc had arrived. So it could easily be explained as her husband's child. Oh what fools they were. If they heard her tale, they would never believe her. 

To be continued...