 "That bitch is now eighteen and some people are starting to talk about terminating my regency and installing her as the proper and anointed queen. They say my rule is too harsh and that it's time for the Princess to take her proper place" Queen Ravenna was livid. That damned princess with her pale skin and her happy smile and fancy name was enough to make anyone sick. What sort of imbecile named their Snow White, anyway? Something had to be done.

"Eric," cooed the Queen, turning a charming smile on her favourite huntsman. "I think the time has come for you to take the Princess for another jaunt in the magic forest."

"The magic forest, my queen?" queried Eric. "It's a dangerous place, you know, and I was under the impression that the princess was forbidden to go there."

Ravenna smiled. "But she so loves that forest. It would be a shame to deprive the sweet child of one final treat."

"I'm not sure exactly what you mean," said Eric, the sickening drop in his stomach telling him he understood only too well.

"Oh, I'm sorry," said the Queen. "Let me be a bit more explicit. You will take the princess into the forest, deep into the forest, where you will arrange a little accident for her. A fatal accident. Understand?"

Eric gulped nervously. "I understand, Your Highness. I'm just not sure if it's wise."

"You don't have to be sure," came the cold reply. "You just have to do as you're told. Bring me back her heart. If you fail, there will be no more nookie for you," she added sweetly.

Eric looked at the beautiful queen, eyeing her magnificent body. He'd do what was required. As he turned to leave the Queen spoke again.

"Remember, Eric, the child is a virgin. Don't be tempted to rape her while you're in the forest or something very nasty will happen to you. It's not called the magic forest for nothing. Just go, do what must be done and then return here for your reward."

The huntsman left, and very soon Snow White found herself riding into the magic forest, delighted with this unexpected treat. Deep into the forest they went, Eric picking little used trails to take them into the very heart of the forest, where it was rumoured strange and mighty magic abided. Finding a glade by a small pond he stopped, and after helping the princess dismount stood back and watched as she danced around the glade, admiring everything.

Snow White was delighted with this shady little glade, dancing around and seeing the birds and the animals, even the very trees, reflecting her mood and seeming to dance with her. Then there was a change. The animals and birds fled as one, the flowers seemed to turn from her and the trees were now threatening. Startled she turned to Eric, to find him standing behind her with a knife. 

"What's wrong, Eric?" she asked. "What is happening here?"

Eric looked at the innocent face looking appealingly to him. The princess had no concept of treachery, he realised. She'd trust him right up until he stuck the knife in, and even then she wouldn't understand. It just wasn't right that anyone should be that naive. He couldn't do it.

"You must run, Princess," Eric told her. "Run and hide in the forest, for Queen Ravenna means you ill. I'll carry word back to the castle that you died here, but if you ever come back to the castle you will die there. Aye, and so will I. So run, Princess, run!"

With that, the huntsman mounted and, seizing the reins of the princess's horse, turned to gallop into the forest.

Before he left he paused and told Snow White, "Remember, this is the magic forest. Be careful of what you agree to in here, because the forest will make you live up to your word." He rode off, leaving a stricken princess to her fate. 

"Whatever happens, I didn't kill her," he told himself as he fled. "I've given her a chance."

Snow White stood there, watching Eric ride away. She'd known her step-mother didn't like her, but to plan to have her killed? How could she? Quite easily, she glumly acknowledged to herself. She's not a nice person.

Knowing that standing there doing nothing wouldn't help, and might even be dangerous if Eric had a change of heart and came hunting her, Snow White looked around the little glade. There was another path running even deeper into the forest and Snow White headed resolutely down it. 

Eventually, she game to a little valley, and in the middle of the valley was a house. Snow White considered the situation and then realising she had no real choice in the matter, headed towards the little house. Maybe someone there would be able to help her.

As she neared the house, Snow White saw that it was quite a bit smaller than she had thought. The sizes were all wrong for a proper house. She knocked on the door and waited tentatively for someone to answer. Knocked again, and still no answer. Sighed to herself and decided to enter.

"It's a child's playhouse" she exclaimed, once she was inside. "This is so cute, little table and chairs, little cupboards, everything scaled down for children. I wonder where they are. Perhaps they'll come tomorrow to play. I'll spend the night here."

Looking around the house, the Princess frowned. Grubby little children she decided. The whole house needed a good clean. Well, her step-mother had always given her plenty of chores at the castle, so she knew how to do housework. Having nothing else to do she set to and began a good spring clean.

The dwarves were on their way home, disgruntled. They'd put in a hard days work at the mine and what did they have to show for it? Diamonds, that's what. What they wanted was good hard iron. You can make things with iron. Gold was good, too. Not as good as iron for making things but kind of pretty when you wanted to add a bit of decoration to an axe. And what were they stuck with? More diamonds. They now had a bleeding barn full of the shiny little stones, but what the hell could you do with them? They looked pretty, but they didn't carve worth shit. They heard that big folk wanted them, so maybe it would be worth taking some to town sometime and see. Might get a few bob for them.

Pushing open the door, Grotty stopped and stared. "What the fuck's happened here?" he yelled. "Somebody's cleaned the place up. Was someone's mother due today?" 

The other dwarves crowded in around him, looking at the strange sight in awe. "Jeez," croaked Nosey, "They even cleaned the windows."

"OK," said Bob, "let's look around and see if anything's been nicked."

The dwarves separated checking out the house and then quickly responded to Grotty's call. "For fucks sake. Come and look at this, you guys."

The dwarves quickly gathered at the bedroom, looking in. All their beds had been pushed together and there was a person sleeping on their beds. A big folk type of person. Female, too.

"Nice tits on that one," observed Horny.

"Maybe so," said Bob, "but what's she doing here?"

"How the hell would I know?" said Horny. "Ask her."

Bob reached out and grabbed a foot and shook it. "Oy! Wake up," he yelled.

Snow White felt someone shaking her foot, and a voice calling. After all the housekeeping she had been quite tired and had decided to take a nap, thinking that the children wouldn't be back until next day. As the voice filtered though her sleep it slowly dawned on her that the children had come back. She opened her eyes and smiled at them. Then a little voice at the back of her mind said, "Those aren't children."

Bob and the rest watched with interest as the woman screamed and scrambled up to the end of the bed, using her skirt to try and hide the sight of them. "Nice legs," said Biggun. "Nice pussy, too."

Hearing the comments a red-faced Snow White hastily lowered her skirt again. "Go away," she quavered. "You're not children, you're little people. Go away. Don't hurt me."

"Hey," said Bob indignantly. "Why should we go away. This is out house. You're the intruder."

"Hey, Bob," said Smelly, "Can we keep her. She's cleaned the place up real nice. We can use her for a housekeeper, among other things,"

"We don't need a housekeeper," snarled Nosey. "Just kick her out into the forest and let her go back where she came from."

"Your turn to do the cooking, remember," interrupted Randy. "And we could use some other things, too."

"Cool it, you lot," snapped Bob. "Let's see if we can get the idiot to talk instead of babbling."

As Snow White watched, the little people stopped talking amongst themselves and the one who'd been shaking her foot turned and smiled at her. She hoped it was a smile. Maybe he was getting ready to bite her. She pressed herself harder into the corner.

"Hullo, I'm Bob," said Bob in a soothing voice. "I'm a dwarf and this is my house. Who are you?"

"Bob? What sort of name was that for a dwarf?" Snow White thought.

"I-I'm Snow White," Snow White said nervously. "I'm a princess. My mother wants to kill me so I had to run away."

Bob turned and looked at the other dwarves. "Cor," he muttered. "We've got a right nutter here, but she sure can clean, can't she."

"And do other things," murmured Grotty.

"Well hands up if you want me to ask her to stay and clean and do other things" said Bob, putting up his own hand and watching as six other hands joined his. "OK. I'll ask, but you know the rules about asking for the other thing."

"We know. We know. It's not fair, but we'll do it and let her decide," snarled Biggun.

"All right, Princess Snow White," said Bob with a smirk. "Here's the deal. You need a place to hide from your mother and we need a housekeeper. You can stay here and we'll guard you, but in return you have to cook and do the housework. And other things" he added hastily.

Snow White looked nervously at the little men standing before her. She could cook and clean but what did they mean by the other thing? She'd heard them mention it several times now. "What does 'other things' cover?" she asked.

"Oh, little things like laundry, gardening, milk the goat, fetch the chicken eggs, fuck. Little things like that," said Bob, talking very fast.

"Ah, what was that last item on the list?' asked Snow White sharply.

The dwarves seemed to give a collective sigh. "OK. You got us. We have to follow the rules before you can give us an answer on that last item."

"I think that last item was, well, to f.., ah, um, you know what it was. I have to say...."

"No!" shouted Bob, interrupting her. "We have to follow the rules before you can say yes or no. The forest commands it. And then your answer is binding."

Snow White remembered Eric's passing words about the forest enforcing promises. If the dwarves wanted to do things by certain rules she'd have to oblige them. It was their house. "All right," she said. "What do you have to do to before I say yes or no?" 

"We have to show you our wedding tackle," said Bob with a blush.

"Aye. It's not fair. Biggun tends to frighten the girls away when they see him," groused Nosey.

"That's enough," rapped Bob. "It's not his fault. Now strip off, all of you."

Before Snow White's startled and slightly embarrassed eyes, the seven dwarves quickly stripped off. Her eyes ran across the array of family jewels and she frantically tried to keep the quaver out of her voice as she asked, "How much larger do they get when erect?"

"Are you daft, woman," snarled Horny. "Can't you tell we are erect. Look at the sight of Biggun there!"

Snow White's eyes flicked over to Biggun, taking in the enormity of his nearly one and a half inches as compared to the others inch and a quarter at most.

"OK, Princess," said Bob, "now you've seen us you can decide. You choices are either run back to the forest and hope the wolves don't eat you or stay here and housekeep, and take care of the other thing as well."

Snow White considered the situation. Back in the forest her chances of getting killed were high. Staying here she'd have to cook and clean but she was used to that at the castle anyway, so that didn't matter. The sticking point of course was 'the other'. To let them do it she'd have to let them see her naked, but she had a good body and she wouldn't really mind them touching her boobs. At the other end however, was Biggun with his enormous one and a bit inches. Could she handle something that large she wondered, trying to stop her giggles.

"Tell me the truth," she demanded of Bob. "You all really have erection right now?"

"Aye, that we do," returned Bob indignantly. "We have to obey the rules you know.

"OK, keep calm. I had to check," replied Snow White, confident she could handle the situation. "I agree."

"You agree?" said Grotty, with a gasp. "Even after seeing Biggun, you agree?"

"I said so, and I keep my word," said Snow White proudly.

Bob looked at the other dwarves and shrugged. "She agrees. Do we all agree?" Receiving no dissent he turned to Snow White and said. "We agree. The pact is sealed and witnessed by the forest."

"Right now I'm hungry," said Snow White. "Can we have some dinner now before we worry about anything else?"

"Sure," said Bob. "But after dinner we expect you to come up here for your other duties," he added sternly.

"Of course," said Snow White, determined not to giggle. 

A leisurely dinner, Snow White deliberately taking her time, s it amused her to see the dwarves so impatient for dinner to finish. Then the dishes had to be done, Snow White not really surprised when all the dwarves joined in to get them done faster. And back to the bedroom, Snow White slightly surprised that the dwarves didn't pick her up and carry her there as a trophy. 

By the time she entered the bedroom the dwarves were already stripped for action. They looked at her eagerly as she entered feeling just a little worried. "What do I do first?" she asked, "and which of you is going to be first?"

"Just take of your clothes," said Bob. "Do you need a hand?" he added hopefully.

"Ah, no. I think I can manage that," said the princess.

Snow White sat on the edge of the beds and, lifting one leg, rolled down her stocking and took of her shoe. She could practically feel the silence as the dwarves watched, fascinated. Now the other leg, stocking and shoe.

Reaching around to the side she started flicking open the little buttons on her skirt. She stood up, feeling the skirt sag a little, catching on her hips. Bob reached out eagerly, ready to help it on its downward journey, but Snow White held up a stern finger, warning him off.

Excited at the way all the little people were watching her, Snow White mad a big production about undoing the ties of her blouse, getting then into a knot and taking her own sweet time about untangling them. Then realising that she couldn't stall forever, she lifted her blouse up and over her head.

There were some appreciative sounds from the dwarves. "Will you look at them puppies," gasped Randy. "I can't wait to taste them."

"Give over," said Bob. "I did the dealing so I take the foremost position in the merge."

"He's right," said Horny, "but our turn will come as we rotate through the merge."

"The merge?" wondered Snow White. "What the heck is the merge?"

"Now or never," she sighed and reaching down to her skirt she gave it a flick that sent it sliding down, leaving her to step out of it. "One of these days," she grumbled to herself, "someone should invent clothes that go on under your other clothes so you're not so suddenly naked."

"Wow," said Bob. "Look at that pussy."

"I can see," said Nosey. "Why hasn't she got any fur there?"

"She thinks she's a princess, remember," snapped Grotty, "and princesses wouldn't have fur. They have it shaved, so she's shaved as well."

"What do you mean, think I'm a princess?" said Snow White. "I've already explained that I am the princess."

"That's right, boys," said Bob with a wink. "You remember that in future. Right now, let's start the merge."

"What's this merge you mention?" asked Snow White, curious.

"That's just us getting together for some lusty sex," said Bob. "You can watch as you'll be participating shortly."

While Snow White watched, Grotty and Horny stepped towards each other and seemed to blend. Suddenly, instead of two dwarves, there was one larger dwarf. As Snow White blinked and try to take this in, she saw Randy and Smelly do the same, followed quickly by Nosey and Biggun. Instead of seven dwarves there were now only four, three large one and Bob.

Bob stepped towards one of the larger dwarves and seemed to meld smoothly with them, causing the dwarf to swell even larger, while the other pair of dwarves also blended together to become one. No longer seven dwarves but two almost full sized people. Snow White couldn't believe this was happening, and then with a sickening chill to her stomach she realised something else. With the merging, those tiny little penises were all uniting, with both the mergers having almost full sized cocks. The two combined dwarves stepped towards her, but instead of bumping into each other they also came together to form a single person.

Snow White stared at this person who was now moving intently towards her, her eyes flickering down. She gulped as she saw that the penis had again increased with the merge, and was now jutting proudly before her. The man spoke to her, and she could hear Bob's voice, even though the timbre of the voice had changed. 

"Isn't it great," he said. "When we were only six dwarves we were lucky to finish up with a cock six inches long, but now that we've added Biggun it's half as long again. And when Biggun rotates to be the controller you'll find it'll probably grow another inch."

"B-but when you stripped off and showed yourselves to me you only showed me your little c-cocks," stuttered Snow White.

"Well of course. You couldn't expect us to do a full merge if we weren't actually going to get any right then, now could you?"

"But now you're enormous." Snow White was almost screaming. "I never expected anything like this."

"Be reasonable," said the Bob voice. "How could we be expected to fuck a girl your size with little cocks? You should have realised that we'd do a merge and use the big one. That's why we showed them. So you could assess how big it'd grow."

"I've been suckered," thought Snow White, "and I'm not letting them get away with this. The deal is off as far as I'm concerned."

"Alright, Bob," said Snow White. "I know I agreed to sex in exchange for protection but I never imagined that you'd merge to have a cock that size. Therefore as far as I'm concerned a deal is a deal and I will submit."

Snow White froze, trying to hear again what she'd just said. She had tried to say no and it had come out yes? Desperately she tried again.

"What I'm trying to say is be careful with that thing when you take me."

"I mean, I don't want you to hurry but to take your time fucking me."

What the hell was going on? She was trying to say no and couldn't. Then she heard the faint echo of the huntsman's parting words. "The forest will make you live up to your word." She realised with some horror that she was stuck, right now with her words and very shortly with that cock.

Bob looked at Snow White, seeing the shock on her face and listed to her trying to renege. The forest would stop her saying no and he was quite strong enough in this form to take her even if she tried to struggle. The forest wouldn't mind her struggling as long as he still got to fuck her. He reached out and flicked a nipple.

Snow White let out a startled cry and tried to draw away from Bob. The only way to go was back across the beds and she started frantically wriggling backwards, watching that horrible but no longer little dwarf. 

Bob watched her go, quite happy to see her wriggling onto the beds. When he judged she was far enough onto the beds his hand darted out and caught her foot. Giving it a slight jerk he saw his prisoner slip, and suddenly Snow White found herself flat on her back on the bed with Bob holding her legs casually apart, admiring her pussy.
