 — Hi, this is my first submission, there is no sex yet, just plot setup so the next chapter can have it. Feedback is appreciated, thanks! —

***

Nick Johnson, a nineteen year old college student, attended Shoreview, a small school by the ocean. He was studying to become a Veterinarian, and luckily for him Shoreview had a wonderful program that he had gotten accepted to. As he was walking to his car after class, he noticed a small urn. Normally he would chalk it up to some pottery project, but this urn was different.

Engraved around the top were letters in Arabic, spiraling down in the eastern language. An archaic carving depicted a giant flying figure towering over commoners, arms crossed in a self-satisfied pose. Taking the lid off, Nick got a strong whiff of something exotic smelling, and was surprised by the clean interior.

"Hello master!"

Nick damn near almost dropped the urn in surprise at the girl that had snuck up on him. The girl was obviously the urn's creator - she was wearing a headscarf, and traditional looking black robes. Only her bright brown eyes smiled at him with a bemused expression.

"Oh, sorry, my bad, I didn't know it was yours." Nick tried to give the urn back to the girl, but she made no move to take it, and gifted him with a confused expression.

"The urn is yours, master, not mine. Did you not mean to summon me?" Nick started to feel like he was being pranked, and glanced around the dark, empty lot, looking for somebody in earshot with a camera.

"Sorry, what's your name?" The girl bowed. 

"My name is Serina Ab-Allas. I am your personal servant Djinn, bound to you for life." Nick's face, if it was even possible, turned redder.

"What the fuck?" Serina looked into his eyes and all of a sudden, Nick was no longer in the parking lot. He was in an Arabian bazaar, watching as servants and slaves alike traded wares for their masters. Gold glinted as it changed hands in the evening light. As the hustle and bustle of the market picked up, a new energy took hold. Children ran to their parents, tugging on their sleeves and pointing further down the bazaar, as if an event was occurring. Walking down the market, Nick came to what must have been the Main Street. Some sort of parade was occurring, as an elephant walked down the street, preceded by dancers covered in feathers. In the basket atop the magnificent creature, he could see a pair, one a man with a magnificent beard, the other a beautiful young woman with shimmering black hair and brown eyes. The man's headdress lifted slightly, and Nick saw in disbelief the urn in his hands, balanced atop the man's head. The woman waved to him, and in the moment they made eye contact Nick was back in the parking lot, gazing into the warm eyes of Serina.

"Do you understand now master? I am a genie, an immortal Djinn bound to this world to grant the desires of mortals. You have been selected as my next master, and thus I am bound to you for life." Nick felt a little light headed, and sat down for a moment, head spinning. Serina knelt before him. "Are you alright, master? Would you like me to clear your head?" Nick nodded, and all of a sudden, felt decisive. He had a genie now, and all the possibilities of that could wait. He needed to get home and get Serina situated.

"Alright Serina, lets go. You can get in the car if you want, we're going to my place." Serina and him climbed into the car. As he fired up the engine, he realized something. "Are you religious?" Serina shook her head.

"I am not. My previous master was a devout Muslim, and so I wore this Hijab to please him. Does it displease you, master? I would take it off if so." Nick's face reached peak embarrassment as he told her yes, he would like to see her face. She was beautiful, as her eyes suggested. Her face was regal and sharp, her lips full, and her hair was smooth, soft, and silken.

After several close calls with trees and curbs, Nick resolves to keep his eyes on the road until he got back. Speaking of... 

"Serina?"

"Yes master?"

"I live with my grandparents. They will probably freak out if I walk in with a girl. Is there any chance that you could do something to fix that?"

"Certainly master. My previous master wished for normality - everyone would ignore all of the magical going-one, unless he pointed them out. Do you want for a similar wish?"

"Yes. I wish that I had that normality spell going on." Nick changed lanes, on the home stretch. Serina stretched, and he found himself unable to pull his eyes away as the form of her body was laid out in the thin fabric of her robes. Her breasts were much, much bigger than he had initially thought, pushed to the light of day by the arch of her back. What Nick wouldn't give to-

"MASTER!" There wasn't enough time. Nick found himself rear ending a stopped pickup truck.

"Fuck!" The Subaru came to a loud halt, throwing the pair of them forward. Nick's thoughts immediately went to Serina. "Are you alright?" Serina brushed her hair out of her face and frowned.

"I am unharmed, master. Are you?" Nick swore.

"Yeah, I'm fine. That truck driver is gonna be pissed." Serina chuckled, which caught a questioning half-glare from Nick. Serena raised her eyebrows and asked in an almost respectfully mocking way.

"Would you wish this did not happen?"

"Fucking Christ I'm dumb. Yes, I wish that I didn't hit that guy, and we just kept on driving." In a flash of light, Nick found himself moving again, crossing the intersection.

"It's quite alright master. Most people take a long time to fully realize the potential of a genie. I had a master who had a breathing disorder for approximately a year before he realized I could fix it. I make a point to ask in situations like these from then on."

The next few minutes were a blur. Nick parked, unloaded both his backpack and the urn from the car, and escorted Serina past his grandparents, who, for Serina's part, ignored them completely. Once he shut the door to his room, he breathed a sigh of relief and sat down at his desk chair. Serina stood politely until Nick gestured for her to sit.

"So, you're a genie. What rules do you have?"

"Rules?"

"Yeah, like what can and can't you do?"

"I would advise against attempting to change the course of the world. Otherwise, I do not think there is much I am unable to do. The limits would be your imagination, and of course, the statue of secrecy."

"The what?"

"The existence of genies must not be made known to the world. You are allowed a small community that knows of me, but small, contained. Other than that, you are free to do to me and the world as you wish."

"Do to you?"

"Of course, master. I am to be your loyal servant, and provide you with pleasure, both mentally and physically. You may copulate with me as you wish, how you wish, and when." Nick's brain promptly short circuited. All of Serina's features - the soft swell of her breasts, the modest curve of her ass, her beautiful lips - became much more pronounced all of a sudden to him. He found himself with a raging erection all of a sudden, and awkwardly crossed his legs to hide it. Serina noticed, and walked around his bed to kneel at his feet. 

"Would you like to copulate... now, master?" Nick's head spun, but his penis knew the answer. 

"Holy fuck yes"