 He pushed through the heavy snow, leaning into the raging wind as he fought to move forward. 

The snow storm could only be termed as "freak", seemingly coming out of nowhere. 

He was tall, over seven feet in his lycanthrope form. It made a larger surface area for the wind to hit, and body heat to escape but at this point he wouldn't survive without the thick layer of fur it provided. Knowing he needed shelter soon or he wouldn't survive the night, he bore on; fighting through the blinding flurry. 

He'd come across no signs of life aside from one small cabin, occupied by a family, a cave with a bear and little else. None of which had been viable options at the time, but as the weather worsened as he forged on, he became less and less picky. The next cabin or cave he happened upon was his, no arguments.

It took him a moment to realize the small discrepancy his ears had picked out, a slight sound barely audible from the constant white noise of the snow flurry. Unable to place it and hoping it was some sign of shelter he turned into the wind and followed it. 

He had no idea how far he traveled, before he came to an ancient gnarled tree. Beyond shivering he huddled against the slight protection it provided. 

It was only then, with the wind somewhat blocked he was able to see the shape huddled at the base of the tree. The wind whipped any scent away, but he could just barely see it was a small woman, a shock of burgundy hair beneath a puffy but inadequate white jacket.

She wasn't moving as he hunched down over her. Careful of his claw tipped fingers he sought a pulse, any sign of life. The woman's skin was icy cold, but her heart beat and breathing were steady. If either one of them had any hope of making it though the storm they would need shelter fast. He surveyed the area, trying to pierce the veil of snow, superior wolf sight not a whole lot of help. 

Not far from the tree he saw an over turned snow mobile, more than likely hers. Hunching into himself he moved over and righted it, prepared to see it wasn't working. More than likely she'd been as surprised by the storm as he had, it would be nearly impossible to navigate the storm with her human senses. 

As he lifted his head, it was only then he saw the rocky mess a few yards from him. A large mass of boulders heavily coated in snow and nearly obscured. 

He trudged closer to them, hoping there was some sort of ledge or overhang he could stuff himself and the woman into.

What he found was so much better.

A barely visible hole at the base of the pile, were two boulders met. He crouched down and began digging in the packed snow. The large, broad paw like hands he had making quick work of it, opening a nearly covered tunnel into a burrow or den. It was large enough for him and the woman to just barely fit. 

He leaned in, scanning the dark area and casting for any recent scents. A bit of badger was detectable but just barely; it was an old den, long since abandoned.

Satisfied at the safety of the shelter he moved back to the woman, with her smaller size she would freeze much quicker.

He lifted her easily, even as dead weight she had to be not much more than a hundred pounds. He pushed her in first, sliding in behind her. 

She was pale, nearly as white as the snow, but he guessed that had as much to do with her natural complexion as it did with the bitter cold. He quickly felt down her limbs, telling himself he was checking to see if she had hurt herself in when her snow mobile flipped. His hands, ever careful of the claws sought any lumps or bumps, any signs of discomfort from her. As he moved over her belly and lower chest she groaned but didn't move. He pealed her shirt up, revealing her tiny waist, easily spanned by his hand and the bruise across her lower chest. He palpitated along her ribs, detecting no breaks, he guessed it would be a deep bruise from her handle bars but nothing more. She sighed as he lowered the shirt, his gaze jerked to her face. But her eyes didn't open, merely flickered before she settled. Sleep was the body's natural inclination to cold, and once she warmed up, she's wake up. 

He sighed, really not wanting to have to handle the inevitable hysterics of her finding herself barricaded in with a werewolf. For now, though, she remained unaware as he checked her other myriad bruises, nothing serious. Aside from the one across her stomach, she had one blooming along her right jaw line. It too, appeared to be nothing serious; however they would undoubtedly be sore at the very least. 

His attention strayed to her lips, they were a pale, pale pink, in a classic cupids bow. Her lashes lay still, dark against her paleness, brows a dark sweep above them. 

The wind ruffled the fur along his back from the exposed hole he had created. He needed to get her warm, and body contact was best for that.

Shaking himself from his perusal, he proceeded to strip the thick puffy jacket quickly and easily from her prone body and stuffed it into the entrance behind him. She would absorb his body heat much quicker this way. 

Muscles fatigued from his exertion and content his charge was safe, he curled around her, tucking the woman into the curve of his body. Keeping his back to the hole to defend their makeshift den he drifted off, no choice but to wait out the storm.

He burrowed deeper into the delicious sell permeating his sleep, wrapping around his cock. Something smelled...like sex and hearth, delicious and sexy. 

He jerked awake to a small, consistent vibration. Opening his eyes he jerked awake at the sight of the small woman curled beside him. Memory came flooding back along with relief that she'd finally warmed enough to resume shivering. Her long hair wound around both of them in thick red ribbons, he reached to unwind a strip form his upper arm when he felt her move.

Her eyes were open, but the room was so dark, she wouldn't be able to make out much more than his outline. He however could see she was shivering, a frown pulling her brows in as her hand swept over his chest.

He was still in his wolf man form, it allowed him the strength and warmth of a wolf but the dexterity and maneuverability of a man.

He gathered her to him, she felt delicate, lightly muscled, but ethereal and dainty curled against his heavy muscles. Her full breasts pressed into the thick fur across his chest, the heavy globes contrasting with the tiny nipped in waist above her curved hips. Long legs limply lay over his legs as he tried to tuck as much of her into him as possible. She whimpered, still shivering as she burrowed her face into him. Full cupid bow lips turned slightly down, lashes creating dark crescents over her high cheekbones; delicate brows arching over her almond tilted eyes...electric blue. It took me a moment to realize her eyes were still searching, her hands moving up his neck and to his face. He took a deep breath, drawing her into his lungs, tasting her essence on his tongue. Outside, in the storm her scent had been whipped away with the flurry of wind, and his nose had been as useful as a bloke of ice. Now, the warmth of the cave created by their bodies was permeated by her scent; she smelled like...a mate.

He held perfectly still as she felt the fur, and found the elongated muzzle. Her breathing began to quicken, a slight tremor began in her hands.

He pulled her up higher on his chest, using one clawed hand as he carefully stroked her hair back, "angel," his deep voice was so gravelly it was barely recognizable, "you're safe." It was difficult to talk in this form, vocal cords and mouth structure simply not equipped for proper human speech. 

Her scent was going to his head; it was getting harder to focus. He shook his head a bit, trying not to disturb her with fast movements. 

Oddly enough she didn't panic, no screaming, no hysterics.

She tilted her head up, attempting to get her bearings in the dark.

"Are you a... a werewolf?" She asked voice low. There quite intimacy of the dark den, with the wind still whipping just beyond the walls, something neither one of us seemed inclined to break.

Her hands were still on his face so he simply nodded.

"Ok," she nodded, removing her hands from his face, "so I died in the crash, or suffered major brain damage."

He chuckled, the sound like thunder in his chest. She couldn't make much out in the near black of the room, just that it was rather small, and he was rather large. And without a doubt a male but she didn't need her eyes to know that. He'd been steadily making it very apparent he was definitely a big male. 

She took a deep breath; the small den was warm, especially up next to him. He smelled musky, not unappealing, just...distinct. Warmth bloomed in her abdomen, slowly spreading outwards. Neither of us said anything else, caught up in our own heads, it seemed as though a heavy fog had settled over us. Stilling fears and questions as the heat continued to rise.

His hand slipped beneath my chin, tilting it up and my head back. His face rubbed up beside mine, marking me.

He pulled back to run his tongue along my lips, licking lightly between them. His tongue was wide, broad and flatter than a normal mans, with a slightly different texture.

She hadn't kissed many men, and never gone farther, it had never felt right, and with this man it felt absolutely necessary. His mouth moved from hers, prompting a small sound from her. 

He nipped down her neck as she twisted against him, pressing closer. A growl rumbled in his chest, vibrating against her breasts, causing her to cry out. His teeth locked onto her, between shoulder and neck. 

He bit into her to hold her still as his hands, so careful of the claws that tipped each finger, stroked down and over her body. She stroked her hands over his chest, lightly raking small nails through the heavy hair covering him. 

His hands cupped my breasts, she gasped, her lower body spasms at the sudden pleasure. The rough texture of the paw like skin racking along her nipples. 

She swung a hand up and caught it in the hair at the base of his head and pulled, whimpering when he didn't budge. She stopped tugging as his teeth sank deeper, hands slipping lower over her, cupping her ass. She arched into him as one hand stroked open her thighs and slipped between. 

His hands cupped her, fingers slipping in her honey, parting the lips and slipping through. She bucked against him, his hold on her neck keeping her tight to him, preventing me from moving away. His chest rumbled, but not as a growl, more a comforting and soothing sound. He stroked slowly before adding another finger, she writhed in his hold unable to do much more than clutch to his chest. A claw moved to stroke over her clit, the smooth texture giving way to his rougher skin. Keening again, she fought; whether to get closer or away was unclear. But he pulled her back into him and continued to stroke.

She writhed on him like a cat, rubbing any body part she could against him. He seemed unable to release his hold on her neck, unable to push past the beast even that much. But...it didn't feel like the beast took over, it was one with him and he liked pinning her. Loved it, craved it. She was burning around his fingers, squeezing them tighter than any woman ever before, she burned hotter. Her scent wrapping around him like a drug. Slipping a third finger carefully into her, he groaned against her at the feeling, slipping in farther than before and oh so carefully. She froze, muscles locked; against his fingers and deadly claws he felt something he didn't expect. She was all innocence and beauty, gracefulness delicacy but a maidenhead...She was untouched, a virgin. His beast rose and swelled, roaring in his head. She was his! No one else had ever touched her before, every loved her, taken her...and no one ever would. The dark thought came from the shadows of his mind the deep recess of instinct and primal actions. But once it was planted it took root and grew.

"Mine," the word was growled so low it was barely recognizable in the guttural tone.

She whimpered, arching into him in supplication; hands rising to stroke over my shoulders and cup behind his neck, stroking his jaws clamped around her. 

"Mine," He growled, still clutching her to him.

She whimpered and writhed.

"Mine!" He roared, teeth clenching into her, tasting blood. 

The wet heat of her cunt practically burned, the juices weeping out. He growled deep in his chest grinding his teeth harder her, demanding her submission.

Finally she gave him what even he didn't even know he was demanding; an airy, musical, "yours."

Shuddering he managed to pull his fingers free in a, lingering caress and release the hold his teeth had on her.

He continued to slowly move his fingers, coaxing forth more of her juice, being extremely careful of the claws that tipped each finger. His cock twitched, thickening even more at the tightness of her untried cunt.

She whimpers, stroking her jaw along his.

He growled, flipping her over on her hands and knees; immediately mounting her. She cried out, arching back. Teeth bared he rubbed his aching cock along her pussy, coating herself in her and spreading the drops of leaking pre come. 

Arching, he positioned his cock head at her little opening, feeling it spasm, little whimpers escaping her, urging him on. Gripping her hips he thrust forward but buried little more than the head. Shuddering over her as she cried out, he thrust forward harder, slowly burying more in her. Crying out she collapsed forward on her elbows and jerked forward. Whether repositioning or escaping he followed, catching her in his teeth as before. She arched back, a soft growl coming from her. With a guttural snarling he thrust into her, working his cock into her, rending her maidenhead and seating himself in her.

She shrieked and froze; his cock was buried to the hilt in her. It was hot and warm, like a steel rod, when she clenched her lower muscles there was no give. She could feel her muscles in the surrounding sheath fluttering, it had burned for a second, disappearing altogether at the feel of him inside her. He pulled himself out before working back in, she panted at the feeling. He forced her legs wider; his balls swung forward with each thrust now hitting her exposed clit, ringing gasps at the pounding pleasure.

She arched her back more, and raised her hips a bit, tilting them back and tightened her muscles as he drew back. 

He roared and rammed back in, starting a faster pace that butted the head of his cock against her cervix every time.

She could feel the muscles in her womb twisting and moving as heat suffused the entire area were we were connected, she watched as his hands with those deadly claws cupped her hips, ripping at the ground as he sought a greater angle to maximize his trusting power. 

He shuddered over her as he worked himself in, hilting and bottoming out at once. He roared as he thrust fiercely, fitting his whole length into her, butting her cervix.

Settling against her cervix; when he hit the end, he shrieked and backed up hard into him, grinding into him. He roared, pushing back into her, his balls swung forward to hit 

her clit. He pulled back, all those ridges and veins stroking out until he nearly left, before hammering back in. It felt full to bursting, being stretched taunt around him, his growls were constant now, vibrating down her spine and keeping on a razor edge of pain and pleasure. 

Whimpering she leaned forward on her arms, nearly prone with her hips pulled back and up into him. He lay forward over her, teeth still locked, hips working onto her. His claws sank into the ground below, sinking in for purchase and ripping deep furrows. She barely held all of him, cunt over flowing and stuffed cock as he continued to hammer into her. The little cave barely contained them, the roof pressing into his back as he drove into her.

She moaned as he pulled her into a higher arch. Forcing her legs wider, but higher, exposing as much as possible; she gasped as he began thrusting anew. His claws griped into her hips on either side, preventing movement as he rutted.

She gasped and shrieked, shocked at the sounds that came from his throat as he fell into a hard and fast rhythm. 

The fur of his chest abraded her back as frozen dirt floor abraded her nipples.

Finally, everything seemed to draw tight as she climaxed, tightening around him, he roared into her skin as he too came but didn't cease thrusting. 

She was sobbing at the pleasure now, streams of tears as she fought to move. He growled snarling as he kept hold of both shoulders and hips, preventing her from doing more than clawing at the dirt for purchase.

She came again and he finally released her shoulder as he too came, thrusting through this climax as well, a change slowly taking place. A fullness growing about midway up his cock; he no longer moved as far out. He jerked against the tightness, no longer pulling out, he locked into her. With every pull he released a jet of semen, but he didn't move. He had locked into her like a canine, he reared back his head and howled, she joined in as his climax rose and rose and rose until the sensations seemed to short-circuit his brain. 

She cried out as she continued to clamp tight over him, his hot semen shooting into her, she could feel the eye of his cock line up with her womb and felt the hot fluid fill her lower body. He fought the swelling of his own body and the tightness of hers; yanking back and gaining nothing.

She was shuddering when they both stilled, silent; she tried to lower her hips. But the wolf, dominant over the mans instincts, still buried in her kept them elevated. She let him support them as she drifted in and out of consciousness. He shuddered with each pulse, wringing small sounds from them both.

He shuddered, his muscles shivering at the force they'd been through. Thought was difficult with so much of the wolfs instinct still claiming his mind. But enough filtered through watch as the little gouges he'd created along her hips began to heal before his eyes as he kept her hips raised and his swollen cock imbedded in her. She's been claimed, accepted the mating. Now she would be his mate, the mother of his pups. That was the smell he'd scented once they'd both thawed. Pheromones. He'd picked up on her compatible ones and he's flooded the small space with his own, sweeping them both away.

Instincts, a baser instinct that the wolf demanded he obey told him to fill the channel, keep her elevated and full to keep his seed in her.

Finally, long minutes later, unable to stay awake for much longer he felt the swelling begin to lessen, finally, allowing him to withdraw. Semen ran out at his departure, running down her inner thighs. He thrust back in, unable to do anything but.

Panting he lowered them both to their sides, her back to his chest. He carefully maneuvered her, still connected, tighter to him, she still gleamed all pale ivory skin but with a healthy rosy flush. He curled her tighter into him, so very little of her was exposed to the colder air. 

Stroking her hair out of her face, lightly kissing her shoulder, he traced his tongue over bite marks left on her shoulder and neck. 

He figured he should have felt horrible for marring her ivory skin; instead it was rush of possessiveness and pleasure that flooded him.

She made an almost purring sound as she maneuvered with closer, burying her face into his chest. His dark fur made her practically glow; he stayed in the form of a wolf man to keep her warm and defend the small den. Morning would come soon enough, for now, he was content to protect his mate and guard their temporary den.