 aThe snow was falling even harder, making hunting nearly impossible. Just seeing anything more than a few feet away was a challenge and he could no longer make out his mate, her short thick ermine fur making her invisible even when visibility was good. He envied her the white fur, so effective in the snow. His own coat, a grey and brown brindle that made him look more than a bit like a tall two legged lynx, was a serious handicap in the snow, though come springtime it would be another story. He knew where she was, though. They never had any trouble finding each other. 

It was early in the season for such snow, and they were hunting more frequently, trying to eat as much as possibly before the urge to hibernate, already being felt as a kind of lethargy hovering below conscious thought, took over completely and drove them to their den until spring. 

Movement out of the corner of his eye and He froze. Not his mate... he never saw her move unless she wanted him to. This was a snowshoe hare. Thinner than usual due to the early snow, but food. Caught away from cover, His chances were slim, and he knew it. Upright on two legs made for a good ambusher, but a chase was usually lost even as it began. Fortunately hunger made this particular hare daring. It's very last mistake, as it turned out, it's search for food sending it right past where He crouched motionless, its sense of smell telling it about the nearby predator a split second too late. They would eat tonight, though not much. Smiling, He made his way back to the den.

He slowed as he neared the den, looking for signs that anything living had been nearby. He and his mate weren't the only predators in the area, though they were the largest. An involuntary yelp, as He felt something grab his short tail. He had time only to go rigid in surprise when she trotted by him, throwing a mischievous grin over her shoulder before disappearing into their den. Years of hunting together gave them an uncanny ability to tell where the other was, but trying to sneak up on one another was a game they never could resist. Occasionally they succeeded. The addition of the tug on the tail was a favorite for both of them, as it invariably got their juices flowing, in the highly unlikely event that they weren't already. He followed her into the den, though less quickly. The entrance, not large to begin with, was nearly covered with snow and ice. Soon they would be hibernating whether the wanted to or not.

Inside their den, He noticed that a hare had been unwary near his mate as well. It was unlikely that luck was involved, though, as her fur made her a good stalker in the wintertime, whereas he had to rely on ambush and luck. In springtime that would reverse, of course. They made a good bondpair that way. They cooked their meal in silence. Though lacking speech, they were thinking creatures, and were able to communicate in a rudimentary fashion. Enough to make themselves understood as much as they needed to, and their hunting instincts compelled them to silence a great deal of the time, regardless. As they ate, their eyes lingered on each other across their small cookfire. It was clear that His juices were, indeed, flowing, and it was clear that such was her intention in sneaking up on him. They finished quickly, and just as quickly extinguished their cookfire. Moving to the back of their den, they curled up in their sleeping area, now so full of insulating material for the oncoming hibernation that it was difficult to move without contacting the other. Fortunately, avoiding physical contact with each other was not on their minds at the moment. 

Nuzzling her way up his body, she slowed briefly to kiss, lick, or nibble at various places that she knew would fan the fire. She was not very subtle about what she wanted, or when. Though he was the aggressive one outside the den on the hunt, inside the den was another matter entirely. She stopped at his neck, kissing and nibbling his short, sharply pointed ears before turning to look into his eyes. A low guttural growl and smoldering eyes said all that she wanted to say; I want you. Now. He pulled her close, growling his own desire in response as he nuzzled her neck, nipping gently at her ear. They kissed passionately, bodies entwined, white fur contrasting with brindle as they moved sinuously against one another, touching as closely as they were able, until their fur sparkled, crackling with static. 

Rolling her onto her back, he began to kiss his way down, pausing at her breasts, the nipples, normally invisible, hardening with her excitement so that they could be seen, felt, sucked and licked. Though she sometimes disliked the sensation, she growled her approval, her back arching as her nails scratched along his back, moving up to his head as he moved his way lower still. Arriving at the juncture of her thighs, he resumed his licking and kissing, teasing her outer furred labia open to expose the more sensitive lips and clitoris inside. She whimpered and whined her appreciation, the heat coming on her now, nearly overwhelming as his tongue painted tracks of pleasure up her inner lips to her nub and back down, to start again and again until the sensations were almost unbearable. At other times she might have tugged on his leg, enticing him to move so that she might lick her way around to his Cock, now erect from the effect her smell and the noises she was making were having on him. Not this time, though. She wanted him inside her, and soon. 

Grabbing his shoulders nearly hard enough to cause pain, she pulled him up to her, opening her arms and her legs in a pose that she hoped would give him the right idea. It did. Sliding up her body, he came to rest with his cock lying on top of her now soaking wet cunt. A few grinding thrusts against her clit and he entered her, slowly at first, but steadily more insistently, until they reached that delicious tempo experience had taught them was the most pleasurable for the longest time. Not very long, this time, as they both felt overcome with lust, he pushed up with his arms to ease the sense of overstimulation and impending orgasm somewhat. She took advantage of the space between their sweating bodies to reach down between them, her fingers slowly rubbing her clit, then faster and with more urgency as she felt her own orgasm approaching. He reached down to pull her knees up slightly, allowing him to thrust into her more deeply. The change of position and her fingers furious motion sent her over the edge, her orgasm crashing into her like a tree falling, her moans and howls echoing through their small den. 

Her senses were still reeling somewhat as he withdrew and pushed gently on her leg, enticing her to roll over. His last sight of her face was of a sleepy feral grin as she complied, wiggling her short tailed bottom enticingly at him as she settled into a comfortable position on her hands and knees. He knelt behind her and entered her, pulling gently on her tail as he did so. She never failed to respond, and did so now, loudly and enthusiastically, pushing back hard against his cock and wriggling her tail in the hopes that he would tug just a little bit harder. He did, sensing her desire, and the rumbles of another orgasm made her reach for where their bodies joined once again, this time alternating stimulating her own nub with gently caressing his balls as he thrust into her, until, deep guttural and high sharp, their moans and cries blended together as orgasm overcame them both.

Their den smelled overpoweringly of sex. Curled up together, fur no longer sticky, having gently cleaned and groomed each other in their post coital bliss; they nuzzled each other gently into a comfortable embrace. Languid with the now unavoidable urge to hibernate, they both gave little playful grunts and barks, nipping and caressing each other as sleep overcame them. His final thought as oblivion took him was that they would be quite hungry come springtime. Maybe one season they would learn to avoid such a wasteful expenditure of energy so close to hibernation. Unlikely.