 Nick froze as Serina's hands slithered across his body, unsure what to do. Serina pushed him onto his bed and ran her hands up and down his chest, under his shirt, feeling his slender body. Nick let out a shudder as she slipped a hand under his pants, softly cupping his balls in her hands. Awkwardly, he reached a hand out and started rubbing her back. He didn't know if he was being too forward, and was terrified of stopping whatever was happening here. 

Serina tugged softly, signaling to Nick that he should lift his legs. Nick obliged, and she tugged his pants and underpants off in one fluid motion, leaving his cock to spring up towards the ceiling. Serena gently started to stroke it, kiss it, lick it, several different sensations that were all equally pleasurable. Nick tried to return his hand to her bare back, but Serina grabbed it and moved his hands to her large breasts. He squeezed softly, and Serina let out a moan, encouraging him to knead them harder as she picked up the pace on his cock. Her machinations came to a head as he felt an orgasm quickly approaching. 

He softly whispered "Serina, I'm going to-" and then he did. Nick was one to edge himself, often being kept awake for hours by an erection that he dared not touch. The fruits of his labor were shown in three great explosions of cum, erupting into Serina's inviting mouth. With her warm, brown eyes gazing up at him, she swallowed every last drop, and Nick could feel her tongue slithering around the head of his cock, wiping him clean. With a soft 'pop' she lifted her head away from his "head" and smiled, breasts dropping out of Nick's hands. 

"Did you enjoy that Master?" The genie asked, her tone implying that they had just shared an ice cream. Nick was still too dazed to reply. An ernest nod told her all she needed to see.

"Good! I was worried that the pleasure tastes of men had shifted since I was last in the world. I'm pleased to see that was not the case."

"So you did that with your last master?" Nick asked, his haze broken at the mention of magic and mystery.

"That and more, Master. When he first discovered me, it was all he could think about. I would suck his penis, he would fill me with it, and sometimes he would pleasure me with his mouth. Once he had servants, he and I had less sex, but occasionally he would call upon me when he desired something they could not provide." Serina looked down, looking somewhat troubled by this.

"What could you provide that a servant can't?" Nick wondered aloud. Serina looked up and raised an eyebrow.

"Would you like me to show you?" Nick shyly nodded, not sure what she was implying.

With a snap of her fingers, Nick felt strength return to himself, a newfound vigor that had been sapped out of him from the day and the blowjob. His penis climbed to rapt attention once more. The door to his room closed by itself, and Serina gestured to the bed, where Nick sat down on. 

Nick had pulled his pants back on out of habit, and was surprised to see that he himself was completely naked. Unsure of himself again, he covered his erect manhood. That was, however, until Serina snapped again. Nick's penis wasn't considered small by any means, about six and a half inches in length. Not that anyone had measured, of course. It was just big enough to be hard to cover with his hands. That was until it started to grow. With a surge of pleasure that caused his hands to shoot to his cock, he watched as his average-sized penis grew to what he could only estimate was a mammoth ten inches. In the pleasure, it seemed he had orgasmed again, and his chest was covered with the full load of his new, colossal cock. Dripping cum from its tip, it began to droop. Serina snapped once more and it shot back up to full attention, and Nick looked at her in wonder.

"That, master, is what I can do. I could make it bigger, obviously, but I thought much bigger than this would risk frightening you." Serena snapped one final time.

Somewhere on her ornate robe a pin became undone, and the silk fell to the floor. Serina now stood before Nick nude for the first time. He had noticed how large her breasts were even through the robes, but actually seeing them was different entirely. They were soft, almost plush, and they swayed with her movements. It was almost impossible how she had hidden them under her silk garments. Her stomach was toned and firm, almost athletic. Her shapely legs rose for a long time, accumulating more and more until they met at her waist, a vast and soft ass. 

"Still waiting on me, I see." Serena giggled at Nick's look of pure shock. She raised a mocking eyebrow and gestured to her body. "Do you want to fuck me, Master?" Nick affirmed her question. "Then come get me. Pull me onto the bed, fuck me like the servant whore I am." Nick needed no further encouragement, as he rose, extended a hand to her cheek, and kissed her passionately. He felt her tongue against his cheek, and obliged with his own. The two battled for dominance briefly, a battle lost when Serina crept a hand down to his cock and softly began to stroke it. Nick broke the kiss and laughed. He ground his body into hers in a moment of passion, feeling her soft body over the entirety of his, and realized that the moment was now. He pushed her onto the bed, grabbed his penis in one hand, and realized something of critical importance - he had no idea how to have sex. He knew the basics of course, the peg goes in the hole, but he knew nothing of how sex actually happened. What was he supposed to do? Did he grab her and force her back and forth? Did he wait for her to slide her body into his basic gyrations?

"Serena?" He asked nervously.

The genie stared up at him, the moment of mindless lust gone.

"I'm not sure how to... you know..." Red crept back into Nick's face as he admitted to his lack of experience with women.

"That's absolutely alright, Master," Serina smiled understandingly. She took his hand and pulled him onto the bed, and pushed him onto his back, cock standing high and proud.

"We will do an easier position for your first time, master. Allow me to demonstrate." Serina climbed atop him, thighs straddling his body, and positioned herself above his massive cock.

"Are you ready master?" Nick, starting to get over his discomfort, nodded, and softly put his hands on her thighs. Serina lowered herself onto his cock, moaning as she did. Her insides felt amazing. He had heard that the inside of your cheeks felt like the walls of a vagina, but this was a magnitude better than anything he could have dreamed. It might have been his imagination, but it felt as if her walls we contracting around him, almost like a serpent cooling around a vine. It seemed impossible to him that anyone could put all ten inches of his magically enhanced cock inside themselves, but Serina kept going, until the softness of her ass was resting on Nick's waist.

"Does that feel good Master?" Serina did not design to wait for a reply, instead beginning to bounce up and down, and Nick felt himself penetrating her over and over. Despite being quite quiet when he masturbated, he couldn't help but let loose a few grunts of pleasure. Serina wailed in pleasure like a banshee. She was screaming his name, Arabic curses, and English curses alike. As she increased in intensity, her breasts began to bounce. It was slight at first, but as she fucked him harder and harder it was difficult not to notice the slapping of boob against flesh. Serina eventually reached a point where she was rising half a foot only to drop, and every time she did Nick could see her chest contort as she spasmed in pleasure. Come to think of it, Nick couldn't help but wonder how he was managing to last this long. Pushing the thought aside, he had the idea of thrusting upwards into her. On only his first thrust, Serina cried out, and her walls contracted even tighter than before, to a point where Nick thought he must be stuck inside her. It was at this point he came, and the pair sat and shuddered at the waves of pleasure passing through them. When he finally came free, her juices came with it, pouring out of her like a waterfall. 

Serina collapsed next to the young man, and snuck her head into his shoulder. 

"And that," The genie said breathlessly, "is how you pleasure a woman".

***

—Hey everyone, let me know what you guys want more of! New characters, developing Nick and Serina's dynamic, let me know!—