 It was late, and his grandparents had probably fallen asleep, but Nick and Serina stayed wide awake, nude in bed, whispering and giggling and kissing each other. Nick finally had his chance to ask questions to Serina, to learn more about the Djinn and Genies and magic. Before he did, she had some questions of her own.

"You live with your grandparents? Do your parents dislike you?" It was the most forward question Nick had ever been asked on the subject, and it cause Nick a start.

"No, we don't hate each other. It was kind of just lucky that my grandparents lived this close to a community college. My parents are old fashioned. They don't really approve of me playing video games all the time, even if I'm able to get all my homework done." Nick remembered countless fights with his mom where he may as well have been screaming at concrete. His parents were smart, kind... and stubborn. No matter how many times the trains ran on time, there would always be an exception, a reason for them to point the finger at his computer.

"So you moved out because you wanted to play video games all the time?" Serina asked, puzzled.

"No, it's not that." Nick was stuck thinking of a way to rationalize it, as breaking down his thought process would lead to that conclusion. "I meant more of a personal freedom kind of thing. My mom is a micromanager and my dad is a worrier. Between the two of them, I'm not allowed any point in time where I don't have a plan for the next five days. Over here, as long as I get my stuff done, they're worried about my brother and sister too much to care." Serina nodded thoughtfully. 

"Why the vet tech program?" The question caught Nick off guard again. 

"It just seemed like a good idea. I like animals, I don't really like working with people, and it's a straightforward in-out program, two years and then I get my GE." Nick couldn't really figure out why she wanted to know, but the genie fell silent after hearing his reply. It gave Nick tbe 

"So you're a genie? How did you guys come to exist?" He asked, softly stroking her dark hair.

Serina nodded. "Yes master. We were created when a great sorcerer Sahidth-Ka'raas created a rift to the plane of mana - the ancient Norse called it Alfheim. In truth, it is not a place, but rather the parallel to your world, another direction perhaps. I and all of the other genies existed as potential, raw magic, all one and the same, simply awaiting the nudge to become this or that. When the rift opened, I do not know why we took the forms of humans. I do not know why we have our purpose." Serena frowned. "I do not know why I have not questioned this before."

Nick was excited about this talk of magic, and other worlds, but he was most interested in... "the sorcerer, Sahidth. How did he learn magic?" 

"He studied the shape of the world, and found it to be magic"

"Could I study the shape of the world then?" Nick was excited now. He could do as the great sorcerer had done! Of course he'd need teachings, but Serina could help with that. All he needed now was-

"But magic is not for learning anymore master", Serina said sadly. "The arrival of the Djinn altered the shape of the world, such that it would not provide magic to man."

"The shape?" Nick was confused.

"Yes master. A sphere has a shape, and you understand what can be done with a sphere. You can roll it on any side, for example. But if you turn the sphere into a cylinder, if can only roll one way, and if you place it on its face, it can do nothing. Such is the way the world has become, master. The world was once a sphere, and magic rolled any way it pleased. Now it is a cylinder, and magic is forced into rules and ways."

Nick pondered her words in silence. If only magic still functioned as it did all those years ago. He felt so close to his childlike dream, yet it was just out of reach. Serina's warm brown eyes probed his, attempting to find the reason for his questioning.

"What is the question you are not asking, master?" The genie put her head on Nick's chest. 

"I wanted to know if I could use magic someday" Nick asked, disappointed, "but it looks like that ship has sailed.

Serina raised an eyebrow. "I did not say that you could not wield magical power, I said that learning the shape of it is impossible. Should you wish for magic yourself, I could provide it. I would caution you against it, for now. The wielding of magic requires an understanding of the power you hold, a respect for reality while you tear it asunder. Should you make a mistake, it could annihilate everything you know."

Nick's hopes were soaring once more. "But can you teach me?" 

"Certainly master." Serina raised her head. "Would you like to start now?" 

"Hell yeah."

Serina snapped her fingers, and all of a sudden they were in a blinding white room. The floor was warm and cushy, despite its unyielding appearance.

Serina began to float above the ground. Some two, three feet, and hovered. Her hair floated too, as if unaffected by gravity, which indeed appeared it didn't. She looked almost like an angel.

"This is a plane I have created for safety. Nothing that occurs in this plane is real. You should find that magic is much easier to touch here. Reach out and find it."

Nick shut his eyes and tried to feel what she was describing, but noticed nothing. He attempted for a while, but gave up, sheepishly looking at Serina for help. 

"Do not be discouraged Master" She said with a smile. "I will help you." Serina floated soundlessly to the soft ground, and gestured at his cock. With a jolt of pleasure, Nick watched as it rose, suddenly erect as it came to meet her hand.

Serina smiled "Certainly you felt that, correct?" Nick 

nodded. 

"You felt it the first time as well, when I first enlarged your penis, correct?" Another nod.

"What you felt in both of these cases is magic. Every mage feels magic how they expect it to feel. Some feel pain, others lust, others sensations indescribable, but all the same, they feel magic. I will now demonstrate magic to you, so that you might become familiar with the sensation. Before he could protest, Serina began waving her hands in complex motions, and Nick felt his body erupt into orgasmic pleasure, and as did he noticed that for a moment he had four arms in the place of two, or that he had the lower body of a horse, or snake, and for the briefest of seconds he could have sworn that he had the body of a woman. None of that really mattered to Nick though, as he could only bring himself to focus on the sensations coursing throughout his form. He thought for a moment how no person could possibly experience that much pleasure, and he was right. At the peak of the mountain, the arc of the wave of pleasure, he heard Serina shouting, and his vision went dark.

When he woke up, he was floating. Around him were nude women, girls he knew from high school, college, he even recognized the cute girl from the Chinese restaurant he frequented. He found that he could float in any direction he pleased, slowly drifting through the aimlessly distant women. As he did, the girls would occasionally reach out to him. They were sluggish at first, like Rachel Dobbs, a petite cream colored girl who was only able to graze his back, but eventually they too started drifting after Nick, faster and faster, grabbing at his arms, his legs, anything to get closer to him. Victoria Sipes, a tall athletic woman, was able to get a grip on him, and pull the two of them firmly get gently together. With some effort in the null gravity, and Nick's mounting discomfort at the situation, Victoria attempted to stick his cock inside her. Nick was able to push away, but ran into a new woman he had not seen before. The woman was built like a porn star, average height, with massive breasts and a huge ass. Her face was unnaturally attractive, and Nick found himself unable to look at anything else. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed the other girls rocketing towards him, desperate to fuck him he surmised. None of that mattered but the woman in front of him, the perfect specimen of sex. She put him inside her, and none too soon, as Nick felt hands, breasts, bodies, kisses all press up against him, from any angle they could. He fucked this new woman to the best of his new ability, but she acted as if she didn't feel anything, only barely acknowledging his presence. He fucked her harder, and felt his vision start to turn gray. No! He though. I have to finish! Unfortunately his mind was not the ruler of his body, and he found himself sluggishly passing out again, vision turning grayer and darker once more.

When Nick came to, he was lying on his back, half submerged in a pool of water. Serina was standing above him, cupping water into his mouth. It looked like she had been crying, and for the first time, she looked miserable. It was about this moment that he realized he was breathing water, and he coughed and sputtered. When she realized he was awake, she sobbed in relief.

"I thought I had lost you, Master. I'm so sorry." The genie cried over his chest for a while, and Nick could only wonder what had happened. Serina cried for a few moments more, before composing herself. 

"I made a grevious error when I created the blank plane." Serina said softly.

"What was that?"

"I did not account for interference by others." Serina twisted her face in contempt. "The woman you just encountered was not a woman. She was what you would name a succubus. A being of pure sexual energy that feeds off of it. Normally, simply having intercourse with one should have killed you, but you seem to have a predisposition towards sexual magic. This is the only reason you are alive right now."

"So she was here in the dimension with us?" Nick secretly hoped to see the beautiful woman again, although he wouldn't admit it to Serina. With a wave of her hand, Serina brought them back to his bedroom.

"Yes, Master. I do not know how she found a way inside, but I expelled her as soon as I detected her and barred both the dimension and the house from her entry. I will also attempt to screen her out wherever you go. She should not be a threat to you anymore." Nick had a slight pang of disappointment, before he realized something.

"Serina"

"Yes Master?"

"Could you take the form of that Succubus?" Nick's face grew red.

Serina smiled. "Did you find her attractive, Master?" In a flash and a snap, Serina was no longer Serina, but the obscenely curvaceous Woman. Without the Succubus's enchantments, Nick could bear to look at the rest of her. Her eyes were a dark red, her hair a deep black. Her horns (how had he not noticed them before) Were also red. Her skin was a light pink, approaching red. Nick found himself unable to comprehend how he had managed to miss this before. The demoness formerly known as Serina smiled, and he could see a forked tongue behind her teeth. 

"Would you like to fuck a demon, master?" Nick only had the mental bandwitdth to nod, after which he was quickly mounted by her. As they fucked, Nick felt a raw sexual energy building within him, not unlike what he had felt before. Instead of letting it overwhelm him, he decided to try to focus it. Tensing the muscles in his chest, he was surprised to notice that he felt the magical energy subside, and flow into his muscles. He glanced down and wow he was fucking ripped. Nick hadnt been one to work out very much, and truth be told he was getting tired out by all the fucking Serina and he were doing. After the muscular infusion though, he felt like he could fuck her forever, and switched positions, half throwing her onto the bed as he climbed on top of her sexually infernal form. For the first time, Nick found himself in control of the situation, thrusting into Serina at his own pace.

Every time he felt the sexual energy build again, he focussed on part of himself, and he was enhanced while the energy subsided. It was for hours that they must have fucked, her surmised, Nick postponing his cum through sheer force of will and no small amount of magic. The pair were drenched in sweat, and Serina was incoherent, babbling curses and his name as he rode her. Nick figures now was as good a time as any to finish. Channeling his sexual energy one last time, he focused not on his cock, as he had before, but to his cum itself. The effect was immediate - a massive orgasm ripped through him, and he fired load after load into Serina's body. Serina shivered as her walls contracted in her another orgasm. Cum kept pouring out of Nick's cock long after he had finished thrusting, and he collapsed on top of her, finding a pillow on one of her massive breasts.