 Chapter 1: 

When I came to on the surface I managed to pull myself from the wreckage, and although battered and bruised I was in pretty good shape. After a couple of days to gather some strength I managed to dig graves and bury my comrades. My tracking records showed that the other ship actually stayed in orbit for almost 4 days before crashing about 100 km from my location. The next day I put together a travel pack and set out for the other ship, I was curious and wanted to check out the ship for technology and crew. 

After 4 days walking through a forest of trees bigger than the Redwoods of Earth I came upon the other ship. I was very cautious and looked it over from a distance for the rest of the day before deciding that there were no survivors. The next morning I approached the ship and discovered that the crew where a race of avians and started taking the bodies from the wreak. I took a break after about 3 hours and discovered that I had found 25 bodies and had only gone through about half the ship. I spent the rest of the day burying the bodies I had already found. The following morning as I was searching the ship I heard a noise from what appeared to be some kind of storeroom. After I got the hatch open I discovered that there was one of the avians trapped and obviously hurt by falling debris. I managed to dig the 'person' out from under all the mess and laid it on the sleeping pad I had set up for me. 

###

As I looked over its body I noticed what appeared, to me, to be some human characteristics. It had arms and legs similar to me was approximately my size but weighed almost nothing and it had feathers and WINGS. Checking it over I found that it had the wing, arm and leg as well as some ribs on the left side broken. I carefully examined the rest of its body and found that the facial structure was similar to mine except that the eyes were more to the side about where my temples were. The feathers were a beautiful silver-grey color, darker on the back, lighter on the front and with flecks of black, blue and gold, especially around the eyes. The mouth was more like a covered beak as it had lips but what amounted to a single tooth that went from one side of its mouth to the other. Nostrils were flat to the face with no nose. Hands had extended length in palms and fingers, 2 extra joints, and the feet were similar in that the toes were longer and had vestigial claws. This one also appeared to be female as it had what I believed to be breasts, 4 nipples with mounds (?); just below it's over sized ribcage. But, with no external genitalia, or even knowing what it would look like, I had no way of knowing for sure. 

I carefully tried, and it seemed successfully, to set the broken bones and hoped that it would survive so that I could find out more about it. I finished burying its shipmates, 31 of them, and settled in to try and nurse it back to health. I searched out and found water that my instruments said was safe for me to drink and I hoped would be safe for my patient. I also found what appeared to be fruits and nuts that tested safe. Over the next 10 days the avian tossed and turned but never became conscious. I kept its lips moist and tried to get it to eat some of the fruit, but with only limited success. The morning of the 12th day as I was checking it over I noticed that its eyelids were fluttering open and after about 20 minutes they opened and looked at me. It came wide awake and tried to jump away but with its bad arm, leg and wing it just screamed out in apparent pain and collapsed back on the pad. 

I raised my empty hands to show it I had no weapons and meant it no harm; I offered it water it gratefully took it and drank down all that was in the canteen. It went to sleep. When it woke up and I tried to communicate to it that I had set its broken bones after pulling it from the wreak. It appeared to calm down somewhat and when I helped it sit up and then went around and pointed out where I had buried its friends and when it realized what the mounds meant I noticed what I took to be tears in its eyes. It tried to 'speak' but all I heard was a sing-song melody that sounded nice but I had no way of understanding.

I spoke to it and then pointed to myself and said "Jason" it looked at me puzzled and I did it again, it then mimicked me and it came "Ason". 

###

Over the next 3 months, as it healed, and with the aid of a video encyclopedia from my ship, its vocabulary grew as did mine as I tried to mimic its sing-song language. It could now walk around but not as yet fly and together we stripped its ship for everything that could be of use to us. We managed to understand enough of each other's language and I found out that indeed it was a SHE and its name was Solara. 

As the area where Solara's ship was, was better stocked with available food and water I made the 10 day round trip to my ship 4 more times to strip it of everything usable. As we settled in to a routine of trying to learn each other's language and working at trying to assure our survival I noticed that we were spending a lot of time in close proximity. I also noticed that I was having thoughts about what kind of a future we might have as we were so different. 

We had been stranded for about a year (Earth time) when one day I saw her bathing and got a really good look at what was under some of those feathers. She had breasts all right, 4 of them, about 34C and as she cleaned the rest of her body I noticed she had something between her legs that, as I got a raging hard-on, I prayed was a pussy or its equivalent. Later that evening she caught me jack-in' off and asked me what I was doing. I just stammered with no real answer and got up and walked away.

The next morning she came to me and asked; "Is that your sex organ?" I blushed and said "Yes." and then we started talking about each other's sex practices. She said, "I too am having trouble as I'm young and have yet to mate for the first time. I am ready every 32 days but without a mate I will never have the chance to bear young." 

I explained to her about how we did it on Earth, "We have 2 sexes and the female of my species has an opening, called a vagina, between her legs. The male, me, inserts his penis into the female and deposits the sperm necessary for fertilization." I asked her how it worked on her home planet. 

She told me, "On Orlana (translation) it is similar except that the male has his sex organ hidden away in a body cavity like mine and when it is time to mate it extends from his body and would enter me to deposit his contribution to conception. Then 11 months (Orlanan time) after that I would give birth. "She also told me that when they mated it was for life," (much the same as larger birds on Earth). I asked her about her anatomy and she said, "I have this opening between my legs that serves the purpose of urethra, anus and vagina." She leaned back and spread her feathers to show me, I got a hard-on just looking at it. A cloaca, again, like some birds and mammals on Earth. 

I asked, "Do you have sex only for procreation, or do you have it for pleasure and shared intimacy as well?" 

She explained, "Although I am fertile only once a month, every 32 days (1 Orlanan month) 15 times a year (Orlanan year) I and my mate would share our bodies to strengthen our pair-bond and bring us closer emotionally on a regular basis." 

The more we talked the hornier I got and if my senses weren't lying to me I could see that she too was getting the itch. As she stood up I got up and put my arms around her and pulled her body close. I could smell her and somehow I knew that she was just as horny as I was and as I kissed her she moaned softly and pressed her body to mine. "Solara, I don't know if we can mate but if you are willing to try then maybe we can at least share our bodies and relieve each other of some of our sexual tension." 

She answered, "We can try as I am at the time to conceive and feel a great desire to mate. And I'm in such need that I feel I will lose my mind." I pull her close and kiss her, the feeling not to unlike an Earth woman. Then I picked her up and carried her to her sleeping mat. I laid her down and very gently and started caressing her breasts and 'vagina'. Soon she was moaning and babbling in her native language and then she moved her hand down and placed it at my groin. 

I moaned loudly at this contact with my cock and I said, "I want you, I want to love you and be your mate."

As I touched her again, she lifted up to me and forced my fingers in to her opening. She was wet and asked me, "Please come to me and mate with me." She turned over and raised her "ass" and spread her legs and feathers to display herself. I then knelt between her legs and placed the head of my cock into her. As I entered her I felt muscles within her move to direct my cock into a very tight channel within her body. I suddenly felt something give way and I was fully seated in her. She moaned loudly and as I moved in and out she moved to meet me and soon she was crying out, calling for something that I didn't understand, suddenly she went still and my cock felt her heat. I came so hard that I thought that I would flood her all the way to her throat. We collapsed in a heap with me slipping from within her and lay together holding each other and, at least in my case, thanking all that is holy that that had worked. And hoping we would do it again. 

We started having sex on a regular basis after that afternoon and the more time I spent with her the more I realized that I was falling in love with her. About 3 months later, after dinner, one evening she says to me, "Jason I believe that our genetics are closer than we may have at first thought. I'm sure that we have mated as I feel the life growing inside me." 

I looked at her in stunned disbelief and asked, "Are you sure?" 

She takes my hand and puts it against her belly and says, "I am positive as I feel my 'pouch' swelling inside me." 

I took her in my arms and held her tight and said, "Solara, I love you so much, and now we will not be as lonely as we will have our children to share our life here with." 

I asked and she said, "I will give birth in about 10 months (local adjusted time) and there will either 2 or 4 as my species always has even numbered multiples. And unlike the birds on your planet I will give birth to live young."

###

Over the next few months we continued to have sex and her belly slowly got bigger and bigger. One day she came to me and says, "It is time." and as I held her and helped her she gave birth to 2 small babies that fortunately were more like their mother than me. They had their mother's feathers and facial structure. They had her wings as well as her single opening. She informed me that both were female and that they would be approximately her size in 3 years. Her breasts were swollen and the infants nursed from them as well as I did when we had sex. When the children were just a year old she informed me that she was again with child and things got really fun after that.

About every 2 years for the next 10 years she gave birth to 2 babies and one time there were 4. We have continued to live very simple lives and raise our children. 

We are celebrating our 12th anniversary and I am telling Solara that "I am so blessed, I have someone to love that loves me, we have 12 children, with 2 more on the way. My life is almost perfect; my only wish would be that I could fly!"

KRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCKKKKKKKK, "What the hell was that?" I ask. 

"Darling that sounds like the Electrostatic Discharge from one of my planet's ships. It happens when the Gravito-Metric Drive enters atmosphere. Darling I think some of my people may have found us."

Chapter 2: 

We return to our main camp and after explaining to our children what is happening; we await the arrival of the Orlanan ship. 

Our children are excited to see other people and are running around trying to find out where the others will land.

"Darling, Do you hear that?" she asks. "That is the noise from the atmospheric engines on one of our shuttles. It sounds like they are going to land in that large clearing toward sundown from us."

We gather up our brood and walk toward the clearing that is about 2kms from our camp in the direction of sundown. As we approach we can hear the whine of the engines lessening and then it is suddenly silent. We clear the tree line and there in the clearing is a sight-for-sore-eyes; an extra-atmospheric shuttle of a design I've never seen but, Solara informs me; "Jason it is a type 5 cargo shuttle. There are usually four of them on a cruiser or up to 8 on a Galactic Explorer class ship."

The side of the ship opens and 5 Orlanans step out and gently glide to the ground on their wings. I clasp my hands over my head and step forward saying, "Welcome to you travelers from Orlana, welcome to our small planet. My name is Commander Jason Lee and this is my wife/mate Solara a native of your planet; and these are our children." 

They look at me total disbelief as Solara steps forward and greets them with; "Welcome my brothers to our planet and home, 'May fair winds aid your glide to Heaven and above." Solara told me, once before, that this is a favored greeting among her peoples. 

With Solara translating we get that they have been searching for her ship but because of some records errors weren't sure which of three courses they took getting to this system.

The leader is Captain Doniloro Natining. "Capt. I am glad to see you, but I am wondering why so many resources would be spent trying to track down a single ship with 32 crew." 

"That is easy to explain, Cmdr. Solara, here, and her brother, are members of a very influential family and they put forth a reward for the crew and vessel that found them or information about their demise." 

"Please join us at our humble home and please bring your crew-mates." Solara speaks up. 

"Thank you, we would be honored. Shut it down and all out." He tells the crew. He asks, "Is there anything that we can provide you, anything that you miss?" 

Solara asks, "Do you have any Talear? It has been so long since I had any, and I would like to share with my mate this delicacy. Darling, Talear is a drink that is extracted from the fruit of the Dolo tree on my home world. It is hard work and very expensive to purchase, but it tastes So Good!" 

"Yes we have some," He turns to another crewmen and tells 'him' "Bring a bottle of Talear and join us at their home." 

"Come children, this way if you please Capt., Solara could you get things ready for our guests, I'll get some more fruit for dinner."

Following dinner we sent the children to their beds and prepared to tell Capt. Natining the story of our survival here. I listened in as Solara told him of their journey here from Orlana. At the point of her waking up to see me, following the collision in orbit; we bid him and crew "Good night" to pick up the story the next day. 

The next morning, with an assist from two of the crew and a small rope, I took the Capt. to the sight of my ships impact. He surveyed the ship and the area around it and then we returned to our home.

###

"Capt. My name is Jason Lee and the ship you saw is the Pathfinder and I am her Commander and sole survivor. We had spent 11 years in Hyber-sleep on the trip out here; we call this system Epsilon Eridani. We were in the process of mapping a landing site when our radar alarm went off and before we got it sorted out the Orlanan ship had impacted ours and we fell out of orbit. I thought that we might burn-up on entry but I managed to gain partial control and the impact threw me out through the ruptured hull. I awoke lying in some wreckage in a large bush, that impact absorption saved my life. After I awoke, I took care of my crew-mates and then searched out this ship in which I found Solara, its only survivor. The rest of the story you know." 

The Capt. asked me, "Where is your home system?" 

I explained to him that it was an eight planet system with multiple satellites and a class G-2 star. "If you have star charts I could show you by using this system as central." After about 3 hours straining over charts in the shuttle I finally got the references right and found 'Sol'. The Capt. informed me that they had not as yet sent vessels into those systems, but that there was an expedition slated to go that way in about 5 years (Orlanan time). 

###

Capt. Natining then filled us in on the search for Solara and her brother Torkut. "When the 8751 failed to return on schedule Orlana space authorities started a search but could not find any information on how Dr. Torbalt planned to get through the nebula and to what system he planned visiting. There were no notes in his affects at the university or home that would lend any clue. Then about 4 years ago one of his students returned from an extended survey trip and she had notes written down of one of the Dr. lectures on how this trip would progress and what he hoped to discover. So with these notes in hand Solara's father put forth a reward for any information leading to the where-abouts of his son and daughter. My crew and I were on a mission to the nebula so we decided to take the chance and here we are."

"Capt."

"Yes Capt." 

"What are your plans for Solara, myself our children?" 

"I know that Solara's family wants her home if alive. We never expected to find her alive; or you with her. You and your family will depend on Solara and her family on Orlana." 

"Thank you, Sir."

"Solara, do you have any idea what is going to happen to you and me when we go to Orlana? What is your family going to say? What is your planet going to say? Compared to Orlanans I am most definitely not the best looking guy on the block." She cackles (her laugh). 

"I have no idea Darling, my people have only met one other race in space and they are similar to us in makeup and appearance. My family will accept you as my mate because that is my choice, my planet on the other hand? I don't know."

"My Dear, your area of space has only your two races, but the area in which I come from has over 20 races' in over 30 star systems. I am thinking that you and I would be good ambassadors and maybe we could live out our lives here on EE. We could make this planet a weigh-station between our two worlds. Know this, I love you, with all my heart and what you and I have is special and I will fight if I have to to keep what we have." 

"That I know, my dearest mate, and I don't intend to have that taken away from me or the girls."

"Capt. Lee." 

"Yes." 

"What is your and Solara's decision on leaving?" 

"We have decided that we will go with you to Orlana. We can leave in about two months after Solara gives birth to the young she carries within her." 

"That would be fine Sir; could I bring down other crewmates to enjoy this lovely place?" 

"Absolutely Capt. bring them all down, let them enjoy this beautiful open space." 

###

The next weeks pass quickly and it is soon time to load up and leave. "I'm going to miss this place," Solara quips. 

"I too am going to miss this too, but we will be back, I know we will." 

"Capt." 

"Yes Capt." 

"It is time; we need to go."

Aboard the cruiser things were in 'high gear' as the crew prepped for the voyage home. As I lay down and prepared for sleep I looked at my mate next to me and said, "I love you and I'll see you in about four years." Solara just smiled and mouthed "I love you too," as she closed her eyes. And as my eyes slowly closed I looked upon 'My Angel.' 

Chapter 3: 

We awoke from Hyber-sleep about 10 days out from Orlana and as we got closer I marveled at the home world of my love. The atmosphere was greener in tint than Earth and Solara explained that this was due to higher oxygen and carbon dioxide levels. We explained to our children that this was the world that their mother was born on and that there would be more 'people' like the ship's crew for them to see. 
