 Ch. 01 - David learns the truth about his parents. 

Eighteen-year-old David Cater was in the second-floor bedroom of his family's three-bedroom bungalow home pacing like a bull in a too small stall and worrying over how he was going to explain this. He was a wholly forgettable young man, five foot nine, one hundred fifty-two pounds, brown hair, brown eyes, bookish looking with a roundish face and completely normal appearance, if a little on the skinny side. His marks in his recently graduated high school career were nothing out of the ordinary and that was part of the reason for his current dilemma.

He had not qualified for any scholarships for university and he knew that his parents didn't have the money to send him to any fancy school. He had been sweating the prospect of having to skip higher education all together, but he knew that would break his parents' hearts. They wanted him to go to university and were willing to do whatever it took to make that happen. But it was the beginning of September, school started Tuesday and he had no options. None of the colleges that he had applied for had responded and he was looking at just walking in to the local community college on Tuesday and applying for whatever he could find. 

Now he had another problem on his hands. He had received a letter, in a pure white parchment envelope, a rather thick letter. It was waiting on his bed when he got home from his summer job that day, but there was no post mark on it. He knew that his mother had not seen it, or she would have told him. But how it had gotten into his room without her knowing baffled him. Then there was the matter of the name on the envelope, Soleil School of Sexual Magic. He had never heard of such a place, but when he opened the letter, he was shocked by the contents.

'Dear Mr. Carter:

We are pleased to advise you that you have been accepted to the Soleil School of Sexual Magic for the upcoming semester. 

Attached to this letter is your ticket from the Gainesville station that will take you to the school campus on September fifth of this year. Please be at the station no later than eleven a.m. as departure will be at eleven thirty sharp. The trip to the school will take several hours.

You will not require any clothing or personal items; other than any personal reading material you wish to bring for entertainment during the trip to campus as everything is supplied by the school.

Please note that all electronic devices are banned on school property and will not function in any way at all.

Looking forward to seeing you.

Ellen Cortez

Head of Admissions.

Soleil School of Sexual Magic.'

David read the letter several times, completely confused. This had to be a gag of some form, but how did the letter get here without postage? He didn't have any friends close enough to pull a stunt like this. Even the name of the school made him uneasy. David would never admit it, mostly because no one would ask, but he was still a virgin. 

His only exposure to sex was what he read online. His parents had let him have a computer in his room and he had upgraded to a tablet recently. He surfed the net and of course as with any teenage boy with unlimited internet was an internet porn aficionado. For some strange reason, he always felt better after watching porn; it seemed to relax him and gave him energy and focus.

"David, come for dinner," his mother hollered from downstairs and David tried to put the letter out of his head and went down to the kitchen.

His father had returned from work and both of them seemed quite excited to see him.

"How was your day dear," David's mother Alice asked with a bright smile. She was obviously holding her excitement about something in. She was a petite woman, only five foot two, one hundred and four pounds with a pixie face and bright blue eyes. She wore an off-white blouse and a tweed skirt that came down to just below her knees, and low comfortable heels. David's father, John, was taller than David by one inch and had ten pounds on him, but other than that, they could have almost passed as twins. John still wore his dress shirt and slacks but had given up on the tie as soon as he got home. Both his parents were both in their forties and were very healthy and barely showed their ages.

"Nothing special," David grunted, settling himself at the table.

"Oh really," John commented dryly. "That seems strange. Oh well, what about you honey?" He questioned Alice.

"Oh, I had a wonderful visitor," she said brightly. "Miss Rose dropped by. It has been forever since she came for a visit."

"Oh good, how is she?" John said brightly.

"She is fine, still as bright and flighty as ever." Alice said serving the lasagna. 

"Who is Miss Rose?" David asked.

"No one you have met dear," Alice said dismissively, patting his hand. 

"What brought her to this neighborhood?" John asked picking up his wine.

"She had some deliveries to make in the area." Alice said vaguely. "For instance, she told me she had a letter for Karen down the street."

"Hey that is great news; we have to go congratulate her after dinner." John said smiling widely. "I am sure that she will be thrilled with the opportunity."

"Yes, I am sure that she will be." Alice said her excitement starting to get the better of her. "In fact, she also dropped a letter off here for David." David choked on his dinner at that comment.

"You know about that letter?" David demanded after he caught his breath.

"Well of course we do dear," Alice said beaming. "We hoped you would get accepted, it really is the best school for Sexual Mages. We submitted your name the day you were born."

"Wait a minute," David demanded. "You know about the school?"

"Certainly, we know about Soleil, where did you think we met?" Alice said grasping John's hand and smiling at him. "I am so excited that you are going. It is going to help you so much."

"Alice, slow down, slow down," John said squeezing her hand. "I think we need to explain in a little more detail." Turning to David he said, "What do you know about the school?"

"Nothing, I never even heard of it before I saw that letter. What do you mean that is where you met? Are you two some kind of..."

"David," John started slowly, "your mother and I are just like you, we are Sexual Mages."

"What the hell is a sexual mage?"

Alice opened her mouth to answer and John quieted her with a look.

"A sexual mage is a magical being that gets its power from sexual energy, either their own or those around them. We are just like normal humans, but a little extra. We have the ability to change our physical appearance at will, to look younger, for example, or in some cases, we have the ability to change into another of the magical races. We communicate with the other magical races that still exist in the world. We even have limited wish granting ability. Think of it like a genie but without being bound to an object and forced to grant wishes. We have the free will to say no."

"And we are recharged by sex," Alice jumped in, no longer able to hold herself back. "When you get to school, you will be taught how to tap into the enormous sexual energy available to people like us."

"You mean that my whole life you have been setting me up to go to this place?"

"No," John said firmly. "We hoped, and we registered you at birth, but only because that is the way our society works. At the birth of any potential mage, registration at Soleil is a requirement. But it is not confirmed until that mage is assessed and proven to have the ability. If it had turned out that you were not a mage, then you would have simply gone on with your life completely unaware of the society."

"How could you keep me from finding out?" David demanded. He was lost in a world he had never imagined existed, and he was grasping at anything he could to remain in control.

"The same way we have prevented your finding out before now." Alice said simply. "The glamour cast on you would have been made permanent and much stronger."

"What glamour?"

"A glamour is like an illusion," Alice said quickly. It keeps those underage and not like us from seeing what we really look like and what we can do."

"You mean that you have been messing with my mind?" David demanded.

"Son calm down and let us explain." John said softly. "Come into the living room and let your mother have the kitchen." He led David out of the kitchen and left Alice fuming. She wanted to be a part of this, but in her heart, she knew that John was the best person to explain this. She would not be able to calm David down.

John led David into the living room and pushed him down in a comfortable lounge chair. John went to the liquor cabinet and poured two glasses of scotch. He handed one to David and settled into the matching lounge chair.

"Now sip that slowly." He instructed and sipped his own. "To start out, your mother and I are both Sexual Mages and are considerably older than we look. We both attended Soleil and that is where we met and fell in love. The school is the premier school for this type of teaching, at least I think so. 

"When a couple of sex mages have a child, first thing is they register that child so that the school knows, and our Guild can prepare. The Guild sends an operative to ensure that the child has a glamour cast upon them. This will prevent the child from seeing or sensing anything out of the ordinary as they grow up and if they do, they will forget before they can tell anyone.

"As the child approaches maturity, the school sends out observers to see if the child has any sign of becoming a mage. If they don't, then the observer informs the family, the Guild and the school and the glamour is made permanent and much deeper. If they show signs of magic, their place at the school is confirmed and when they finish high school they receive the letter that you got today."

Alice entered the living room and settled on the sofa. She sat in the corner, kicked off the six-inch spike heels that she now wore and drew her legs up on the cushions, almost posing like a centerfold. She brought a glass of what looked like white wine with her which she set on the end table. David glanced at her then stopped and took a much longer look. She suddenly looked like the sister that he had never had. Her skirt had shrunk to the point that David could now see tops of her stockings and a good three inches of creamy white thigh. He could see the seam in the stocking that ran down under her feet to her toes. Her blouse had gone from off white to almost transparent. She was completely braless and radiated sexuality in a way David had never seen before. 

"Mom," David said staring.

"Alice, really, did you have to change right now?" John asked with a wry smile. 

"Well, we don't need the glamour anymore, so why not," Alice, sounding slightly drunk. She settled onto the sofa and tried to focus on what was being said, but she could only stare at John, watching him lustfully, all thoughts of her son in the room wiped from her mind.

"You've gotten into Miss. Rose's mead, haven't you," John questioned suspiciously. Alice nodded with a bright smile and John sighed again shaking his head. "Just what we need tonight, David, please ignore your mother for as long as you can. I know it will be difficult but please try. The glamour we were talking about has been lifted and we are now free to use our magic in front of you. As you can see from your mother we like to appear much younger than we really are, but the world and those who are not magical, or the Norms as we call them, will see us as the age we chose to present through the glamour.

"It also allows us to hide things in plain sight. Before you go to bed tonight, look into my office upstairs. I think what you will see will be quite different to what you saw yesterday."

"Okay, how was I tested?" David asked, still trying to sort out what was happening. Alice sat across from him, her hands slowly working circles on her bare leg. David was having a hard time keeping focused on what his father was saying. He was fascinated by the wanton display of lust from someone that he knew was his mother, but looked better than the hottest cheerleader in his old high school.

"Mostly through observation and your reaction to outside stimulus," John responded casually, as he watched his wife from the corner of his eye. "Alice, will you get a hold of yourself. You are embarrassing our son." John demanded.

"What, I'm not doing anything," Alice responded, licking her lips and teasing one very hard nipple with her free hand. She was focusing her attention on John but David could not help but respond physically.

"Alice, you know perfectly well what you are doing and that it is not allowed, now settle down." John said forcefully. Alice pouted, but removed her hand from her breast and did her best to be a proper parent, but it was difficult after getting into the mead. She wanted John and she wanted him now.

John hid a sigh and returned his attention to David. "An observer is assigned and can be invisible to track the subject and make sure that the tests are impartial. For example, Miss Rose watched you for two weeks at school, including that dance in April."

David remembered that dance. His parents had forced him to go, saying that they had a date night planned and needed him out of the house. The dance had turned into a major make out session for most of the 'A' list crowd. He had stayed as long as he could before the embarrassment at being alone got to him, but he remembered feeling almost euphoric at the time. It had been as though he had been drinking energy drinks for two days.

"Exactly," his father said as he saw the comprehension in David's eyes. "She reported that she had to cast a spell over you to get you to leave. She said that the amount of power you were channeling was getting dangerous. If it hadn't been for her and Karen being there it could have gotten quite dangerous for you."

David thought about that and then the image of him and Karen Baxter bumping into each other as they bolted for the door, both blushing a bright red.

"Miss Rose said..."

"I said that I had never seen an untrained mage take in and control so much power in my life." A voice came from behind David and he spun around in the chair and saw a small figure, about four inches tall with wings fluttering just above the back of the lounger. Before David could do more than blink, she zoomed in front of him and grew to a woman, about five feet ten, brilliant red hair and bright blue eyes. Her wings shrank into her back and disappeared. She wore a short dress, emerald green that stopped just past her crotch. Alice put her wine glass down and squealed in delight as she bounded off the couch and into Miss. Rose's arms.

"David, this is Miss. Rose." John said by way of introduction and Alice wrapped herself around the taller woman. "She is head of the observation section for the department."

"It is a pleasure to finally meet you in person." Rose said, hugging Alice tightly and talking over her head. Alice's face was currently buried in Rose's ample bosom her legs around her waist, Alice's short skirt had ridden up slightly and her pale behind was showing.

"Thank you." David said lamely.

"I know this is a lot to take in all at once," Rose said smiling. "But I think you will like it. John, I am so sorry for just dropping in like this, but when Alice saw me today and took the letter, she was so pleased that she insisted that I come back and meet David. And then she mentioned that she had been saving some mead for a special occasion and this qualified. I would have been here sooner, but I had to see Karen Baxter and explain. As you know her parents are Norms, and this thing was quite a shock to her and I had to brief her. When you are finished with David I suggest you send him to talk to Karen. I will keep Alice entertained until you can join us." Rose broke free of Alice's hug and set her down, causing a whine from Alice, which changed quickly to a giggle of delight as Rose effortlessly slung the now very drunk woman over her shoulder and walked to the stairs. "I know how she gets after a few glasses of my mead, and if this has been aging it will be worse than usual. She looked like she was going to attack you right now. I will take her upstairs and take care of this."

Alice let out a drunken cheer and then a groan as Miss. Rose's handmade sharp contact with Alice's mostly bare bottom. 

"Quiet you," Rose said turning to face David, Alice squealed in delight again. "David, I know about your current sexual status. No matter what you feel tonight, do not do anything with Karen. Until you get to school you will find that you are unable to perform. So is she."

David blushed an alarming shade of red.

"Don't be embarrassed," Rose said. "Your parents were the same." She left the room and carried a giggling and very drunk Alice to the master bedroom spanking her with every step as Alice moaned and cried out.

"David," John said, seeing that he had his attention again. "This is a lot to process, I know that. Take some time, go and talk to Karen and we will finish this in the morning after you have a chance to sleep on it. In fact, ask Karen to join us for brunch tomorrow and we can answer her questions as well. I have to get upstairs before those two get too carried away. Go see Karen."

David left the house as his father went up the stairs two at a time, already removing his shirt. David could hear the moans and whimpers as the front door closed behind him.

John made it into the bedroom to find his wife looking like she was still eighteen, completely naked except for her stockings on the bed, her legs spread into a full split and Rose face down in Alice's pussy, licking for all she was worth. Alice's head was rocking back and forth, her eyes were closed, and she was pulling on her own nipples, stretching her small firm breasts away from her body. John could see the red marks on her breasts showing that she had been exceptionally cruel to her own nipples. He smiled in delight; they had not had a night like this in far too long.

Rose had also lost her clothes and had pulled her red hair up into twin braids. She had also changed her appearance again, looking like a teenager herself. Her skin was flawlessly smooth, and John could see her juices running down her legs from the bald little clam between her thighs. Both women were completely hair free below their eyebrows, and John loved the look of the smooth acres of feminine skin. Rose was on her knees, her backside facing the door and John had an unobstructed view of her neither regions. Her lips were spread and flowered open and her rosebud was flexing and winking at him.

John finished removing his clothes and stepped up to the foot of the bed and let the sight of the two beautiful women filter into his brain. He could feel the energy they were creating, and he absorbed it effortlessly. The boost had the required effect on the mage, his penis filled and extended from his cropped groin, extending a very respectable eight and a half inches. John knew that both women liked their cocks a little on the big side. With a thought and an evil smile, he made his cock three inches around and moved in behind Rose.

Rose felt his hands on her hips and continued to lick the perfect pussy before her. She had tried to start slowly, but Alice was well past the point of foreplay and teasing. She needed sex and she wanted it right that second. Rose braced her elbows on the bed and slipped her hands beneath the tight little ass on the bed and lifted the delicious slit to her mouth. As a sex fairy, Rose knew her way around the body. She specialized in lesbian sex at school, so she was quite able to satisfy Alice.

She had started by licking up one lip and down the other, causing the moan that David had heard as he left, and then Rose turned her attention to the soaking wet thighs, licking and nibbling on the hot flesh there. Alice had groaned in frustration, let go of her own breasts for a second, just long enough to grab Rose's braids and move her face to the dripping snack waiting for her. Rose had smiled and dove into the soaked meal waiting for her. Her tongue had gone as deep as it could, and Alice felt like it was tickling her uterus. Rose pulled back a bit and rubbed her unreasonably long tongue against Alice's G-spot and Alice had started to cum. When Rose dug in a little deeper and rubbed her nose against Alice's clit, Alice arched off the bed and came with a scream.
