 With the house charter still intact and good for the next five years, we relaxed a bit. The school year had started; the young women were traveling between the campus house and the mansion. The women living at the mansion had classes. The front gate buzzed, I answer the intercom, "Yes, what you have for us today?" I ask the man on the monitor.

"Four package, from the same address." He said.

"I'll be right out." I said. I headed for the front door and out to the main gate. As I was approaching the gate, I saw the big brown van pull away, as he away did. I could see the four boxes on the pavement next to the gatepost. I was still forty feet away when it blew, slamming me to the pavement of the driveway. Stunned I laid there a moment, rolled, and rose to my feet. I looked at the place by the gate where the explosion happened. The gatepost was gone and the rest lay on the ground inside the wall. The gate was a mangled twist of bars, I looked around no one else was in the yard. I checked myself, no blood, no broken bones I would probably be sore tomorrow. Others come running from the house, Nan ran out, seeing the destruction, she saw me. She ran to me, "Are you alright? What the hell happened?"

"Package bomb, driver left them or he would have been dead. Call police and bomb squad, there are still two or three packages out there." I said.

"I guess our work talking to the other houses has failed." Nan said.

"I don't think the other houses would go this low. Someone is after us for a reason, who they are and what they want, I do not know. We need to find out. I see future events to some degree. My insight is mute; I'm trying to find a way around it." I said.

"We need to protect all the young women here. If harm comes to one by these attacks, we can't continue as protectors?" Nan said.

"We can't if we are the targets. We haven't a clue who our enemies are. You can't fight what you don't know." I said.

The police rolled up, and the bomb squad was right behind them. They checked the other packages by dunking them in water in a blast can. They tried several ways to detonate the packages. Finally, they used the robot to open each one none of them was explosives. Nan had also called our insurance agent. After the cops cleared the site, he did his estimate on the damage. What seems like hours later, they were gone, and I walked out into the street looking up and down the street. I felt for anyone watching me, I felt no one in the area. I looked at the wall and gate, repairing it quickly. Once done, I called Rita at the on campus house. I told her she could send the girls back out to the mansion.

The twenty young women were in the house again. Rita had closed the campus house and set the security systems, which now included shields protecting the house when no one was in it. Rita, April, Esther, Mina, Beth, Nan and I had the power to work the security systems, I had given Rita and the four girls some powers with the same aging Nan and I had. The five of us would never grow old. 

"What the hell?" April ask as she got out of the car.

"We don't know yet. Someone is after us we just don't know whom. We have not been given any clues as to whom." I said.

"We need to find out, this can't go on. This is the first time they have attacked the mansion." Rita said.

"You're right there, I just don't know where to.... Wait, the drive said all the packages had the same return address on them." I said. I moved to the destroyed packages the return address said, "Moody Warehouse, 1249 Webster St. That is right here in town; I will go down there tomorrow and check the place out. The girls started supper it will be ready soon. After we eat and relax, I could use some time with the six of you."

"Seriously, you want to lock us in the room with you and leave the walls unstaffed?" Rita asks.

"I suppose I could take eight to ten of the young women down with me, leaving the six of you to stand guard. I think the freshman girls need a treat there are eight of them. They have not experienced me yet." I said.

"Good idea. It's Friday, most of them have nothing tomorrow but to lay around if you take the eight freshman girls into the playroom tonight. Some of us will join you later and will work shifts watching. After we do a head count, set the shields over the property. After that, no one goes out, but we will have to staff the front gates to let the late ones inside the walls. So do a head count, see who is missing, then we call them and account for each one." Nan said.

"April, you Esther gather the eight undergraduate young women, Ernie will need to meet them and I want to talk with them. I am not sending them into the pit without preparing them some." Nan laughed.

Rita, April, Esther, Beth and Mina all agreed.

"Maybe one or two of us should join them for the first couple of hours; you know how he gets with newbies." Rita said.

"I am standing right here, how do I get with the newbies?" I ask.

", you're like a child on Christmas morning. A handful of new toys, you just might break one of them. Not physically, but mentally these young women are not ready for the strain you put on them. Shit, I was in my forties, and you about destroyed me at first." Rita said.

"Fine, Rita you and Esther will take the first four hours in the playroom, then Mina and Beth will do the middle four hours and April and I will take the last four." Nan said.

April and Esther left to find the eight young women that I was going to welcome into the family. I moved into the living room Heather and Amber were sitting there.

"When did you to come in?" I ask.

"Just after the police cleared the gate, all of you hand your hands full. We saw the women were coming in, so we called all of them down and check them in. Two are still out and according to the schedule; they are in class for another hour. We also texted them and ordered them directly to the mansion." Amber said.

"Good, we can use the help. I didn't expect you back this soon after graduation." I said.

"We've come to stay, if you'll have us." Heather said.

"Yes," I said.

Two women come into the room. They sat on the couch opposite the twins.

"What are your names?" I ask.

"I am Tiffany." The blonde said.

"My name is Peggy." The tall skinny one said.

Three more women enter the room, "Come in, and find a seat. I will need your names." I said.

"The redhead said, "Connie"

"The short thin blonde said, "Sugar"

"Jackie" the third blonde-haired woman said.

"I am Mona," the slightly chubby brown haired young woman said.

They call me, "Silvia"

The last woman stepped into the room, "My name is Becky," she said.

April followed Becky into the room when she saw Heather and Amber. She smiled and ran around the couch and hugged both of them. Rita came in. She said, "Hi" to the twins. Then she continued to tell the undergraduate young women what awaited them this night. After twenty minutes, Rita said, "Do you understand what is expected of you as a member of this house?"

"You are telling us that we are his whores," Connie asks.

"No, you are the house's whores. We are, he is the master of the house. This house feeds off our sex with him and each other. The charter feeds from us during sex. Without the charter, we are nothing but a bunch of horny women." Rita said.

"So if we refuse to fuck with him, we are out of the sorority?" Jackie asks.

"No, you can stay, but the girls will make it rough on you. Believe me, once you give yourself to the house, things in your life will get better. My sister and I have come back because almost two years ago we gave ourselves not only to the houses but too this man and his wife Nan. This is our home now; we will help as part of the staff." Amber said.

"Heather, Amber, now that you are here and have been gone for a while. Esther and I were to take these women down to the playroom for the first four hours with the Master, but I am going to let the two of you take the first shift." Rita said.

"Thank you" They both said.

"Wait a minute, how long are we going to be down there with him?" Tiffany asks.

"All night just the eight of you, two of us on four hour shifts and him, in the bed fucking and sucking." Rita said.

"You're telling us that he will fuck all of us over the night. He ain't that good." Mona said.

"Girls, this man has lined up every woman in this house and spent two days fucking them. He fucked mouth, pussy and asshole on every one of us that weekend. So yes that is what we are telling you." Rita said.

"Enough, Heather lead them to my bedroom. They will all be preforming tonight." I said.

Heather stood, "Come, Ladies" and waited at the door. All of them stood and fell in behind Heather. She left the room; they followed, tailed by Amber.

"Amber" I said, she stopped and looked back at me. "Shower them and prepare their bodies" 

"Yes Sir" She said and left the room.

"Ladies, with Heather and Amber here, they have pushed your schedule back four hours, but with their being eight newbies, I figure three hours max for each one, at twenty-four hours some of you will pull a second shift. I don't expect another attack before then or even this week. However, we still need to stand guard. The perimeter guard should protect us soon as the last two girls return tonight. Nan make sure it actives immediately after they return. If anything happens, come get me, protecting the women is more important than fucking a few of them." I said.

I went down into the playroom; Tiffany, Peggy, Connie, Becky, Jackie and Silvia were lounging around the room. "Who has showered and who hasn't?" I ask.

"Jackie and Connie have showered; Sugar and Mona are in there now. Tiffany, Peggy, Silvia and I are still waiting." Becky said.

Jackie and Connie on the bed, the rest of you will wait until I have finished will these two, you will watch and listen as I instruct them. You will do as I say. As Master of this house, you are here to please me, but you will find that to please me I must be able to please you first. Therefore, to make me happy, I must make you happy. If you're not satisfied, then I am not happy. So if your eyes don't roll up in your head and your mind doesn't come apart with your orgasm, tell me and I will try harder. You will learn as we go." I said.

"Are you fucking serious? Mind blowing orgasms don't exist" Peggy said.

"Yes, they do." Amber said as she entered the room. "This man is the Master of mind-blowing orgasms. I had never come until he made me; it took me hours to recover that first time. Ask the other women in this house, if you walk out of here tomorrow with your mind still intact then he failed, I have yet to see him fail."

"Thanks Amber" I said.

"I need the next two, Sugar and Mona will be out in a minute." Amber said.

"Jackie, Connie have you ever kissed or made love to another woman?" I ask.

"No" they both said.

"Then kiss each other. You others kiss another. Sugar and Mona you two kiss and feel each other's bodies, explore them. Tiffany, Peggy, Becky and Silvia you do the same and while in the shower take your time explore the other's body. Suck her clit, finger her pussy and asshole." I said.

"Jackie," I said lying back, "Suck my cock, Connie, I want you to sit on my face. I have a treat for you."

Jackie wrapped one hand around my cock and guided it to her mouth; she started the bob up and down my cock. Connie straddled my head and I licked her clit slowly, teasing her. I licked my way to her slit; she was just starting to moist up. I stuck my tongue deep into her cunt. She squealed at the depth it reached. Her cunt was wet and dripping instantly. My tongue licked the inter-reaches of her twat. She was squirming and grinding her pussy on my head. She couldn't seem to spread her legs wide enough, this girl was enjoying the tongue fucking she was receiving. She put her hands on the mattress to each side of my stomach and leaned forward pushing her cunt harder into my mouth. She squeaked and squealed as I licked the walls of her pussy. Her juices ran into my mouth, I was swallowing her cum as quickly as I could. I reached up and squeeze her ass, then pulled her cheeks apart and licked her asshole. She screamed, "Fucking hell, oh fucking shit, I am cumming. Fuck oh fuck damn son of a bitch, you're killing me."

I moved back to her cunt and pushed two fingers into her asshole. Her orgasm flared again, her roar echoed in the room as she came. Jackie sat there watching her and sucking on my cock. Connie reached out, grabbed Jackie by the hair, and pulled her up to her. Connie kissed her and licked her face, then kissed her again. "I want that cock in my mouth, you whore. So get" Connie screamed. Jackie backed away. Connie lowered her head and sucked my cock into her mouth. She squeezed my balls with one hand and jerked the shaft of my cock with the other. Her lips slid up and down the shaft, with her hand. My tongue was still in her twat, her cum ran into my mouth at a study flow. She was still cumming, her orgasms continued. She jerked my cock and toyed with my balls and the pressure from her mouth was maddening. She was working me up to an orgasm. After all this, if she could get me off, I was going to cum in her young hot mouth and she was going to swallow. My tongue working her cunt, two fingers in her ass, she ground into my face. Her lips on my cock, one hand jerking my shaft, the other squeezing my balls, I pushed her up and said, "Connie, I am going to cum in your mouth, you better swallow every drop." I said.

"Shut the fuck up and lick my pussy, I will swallow all of it. You fucking prick" she screamed. Her lips locked around the head of my cock again. I pulled my tongue out of her cunt and pushed it into her ass. Her orgasm exploded again. This time she couldn't scream because I was cumming in her mouth, she swallowed it all. Slurping on my dick and licking up the come, she moaned a little as her orgasm subsided. She had cleaned my cock and I had licked her dry. She rolled off to one side.

"Is fucking you like that all the time?" She ask.

"That was your first time?" I ask.

"Yes, I have never experienced anything like that before." She said.

"Shit girl, that was just the oral sex warm up, I have yet to stick my dick in your pussy or ass." I said.

"Oh fuck, can I get back to you on that? I need to regain myself first." She laughed.

"Girl, you're the first newbie that has ever sucked me off in the first round. You can take all the time you need." I said.

She slid off the bed and almost fell on her wobbling legs, "Thanks, I'll be back for the rest of your lessons. Not fucking way I'd miss that now." Connie said.

"Jackie, come here. Connie send Sugar in here. I want to keep two of you on the bed always." I said.

"Yes Master" she said as she went out the door. A few minutes later Sugar came into the room. She was just five foot; she weighted maybe one hundred pounds. Her tits took over five pounds of that, her ass was so small I swore one of my thighs was wider. She was going to be the smallest woman I ever fucked.

"Sugar, use the intercom and call Nan in here please." I said. Jackie was lying with her head in my lap sucking on my cock. "Jackie, once I talk with Nan, I am going to lick your cunt while Sugar sucks my cock."

"Master, are you going to do to me what you done to Connie?" Jackie ask.

"I am going to try; every woman should cum like that once in her life." I said.

"I agree" Jackie said, "She sure needed that break. Make me cum that hard and I was pledge myself to you for life."

"Don't say that, April, Esther, Mina, Beth, Heather and Amber done that. To Nan and me both, they are our servants till death now. Not that I don't recognize the thought, but I don't need any more slaves here." I said.

"Fine just make me cum like that." She said and went back to my cock.

Sugar come up on the bed, I pulled her close, "You are a small woman, I will try not to hurt you." I said.

"Fuck that, I have four brothers, there is nothing you can do that will hurt me." Sugar said.

"Don't say that, he just send Connie out of here on rubber knees and he hasn't even fucked her yet." Jackie said.

"That so" Sugar said and lowered her head to my crotch beside Jackie, she pulled my cock away from Jackie and sucked it into her mouth. Jackie reached out and grabbed Sugar's tits. Sugar turned so her tits stuck up. Jackie moved around, and started sucked on her nipples. I put a hand on those massive mounds and squeezed one.

Nan come into the room, "What the hell did you do to that woman?" She ask.

"I tongued her cunt." I said and stuck my long hard tongue out.

"Holy Shit, no wonder she can't walk. She said you cum in her mouth. Is that true, a newbie bested you?" Nan said.

"Not quite, we both came at the same time. And yes, she was damn good, nothing close to your blowjobs but damn good for a newbie who has never fucked before." I said.

"She is a virgin, and she made you come." Nan said.

"Put her on the list, she maybe be worthy." I said.

"Ok, I will set it up" Nan said as she left.

"What list is that?" Jackie ask.

"If you're worthy you will find out." I said and laid back. "Now haul your tight ass up here and sit on my face. I want to lick your cunt."

I stuck my tongue into her cunt, Jackie came instantly, she rode my tongue while Sugar was sucking on my balls and jerking my cock. Jackie lay down on my body and laid there while I tongue her, she cooed and moaned but she never did much more. I rolled her off and pulled Sugar away, which I didn't want to do, the girl could suck. I pulled Jackie up onto her knees her butt towards me; I pushed my cock into her cunt. She cried out, "Shit" and she started rocking back into me. Sugar didn't waste any time, she moved in behind me, spread my ass and licked it. Jackie knelt there rocking and acting as if I should be doing more to her. Jackie moaned, "I'm coming" she didn't seem to enjoy it. I let her cum, she started to pull away, "Where do you think you're going. You have one more hole I am going to fuck." I said.

She looked over her shoulder at me, "What hole?"

I drove my cock into her ass, that livened her up some. She screamed and began crying. I pumped my cock into her ass. Slowly she stopped screaming, I continued to fuck her ass. I held her in place. Sugar had come around and crawled under Jackie and began licking Jackie's clit. Jackie lowered her head between Sugar's legs and tasted her pussy, Jackie licked her first pussy, soon she had two fingers inside Sugar. I felt Sugar's lips on my balls again. Sugar returned to Jackie's twat, she wrapped her arm around Jackie's waist and hung there while eating her pussy. Jackie was repaying Sugar I watched as Sugar dropped to the mattress. Her arms spread out, her arms and hands twitched as her orgasm swept through her. Her legs twisted around Jackie's head, Sugar cried out, "Mercy fucking mercy." Her little body shook under Jackie as she came.

I drove my dick into Jackie's ass, she didn't seem to notice any more, I smacked her right butt cheek, she said, "Hey don't do that." I don't think she was even close to an orgasm. I thought, "This one may need the chamber to reach her most powerful orgasm. Tie her ass up and bind her before fucking her might be good for her."

"Jackie, are you close to cumming?" I ask.

"I have come twice since you raped my asshole." She said.

"Seriously Woman" Sugar said.

"Yeah, eating your pussy was good too." Jackie said.

"Yeah, that you can do, but are you sure you come twice while he was in your ass?" Sugar said.

"Yeah, why" Jackie ask.

"You didn't react to them." Sugar said.

"So" Jackie said.

"Jackie, go to the intercom and ask Heather and Amber to come up here please." I said, "Then step to the door and ask Mona to come in here."
