 "Finish up what you're doing, Fleming. Descent Prep starts in T minus two-forty." Flight's voice came over the station's public address system, echoing around the long circular outer corridor.

"How does he...ooo, fuck yes, nnhh...always know? ...oh yes. Fuuuck!" Fleming's voice rose with a squeal of delight as Jonah pushed hard into her sweet cunt, pulling his own body taut on the grab straps to maximise his thrusting fuck into her. If he didn't use the straps, her delicious little body would tumble away in the low gee from the station's slow spin.

Fleming and Jonah were in what the Vonnegut's crew colloquially called the Fuck Lounge. Originally designed as the station's gym, the crew had over time found a better use for the benches, presses, and the weight pulley systems. One of the Elecs rigged a red lamp over the entry door, connected to an interlock, and generally privacy was respected.

Except when Flight once again proved his fucking annoying omniscience, knowing most of what the crew got up to. Still, long missions needed high morale, and this was the longest mission so far.

"Fuucck, yes," Fleming urged, her legs wrapped around Jonah's waist, her hands gripping the firm moons of his bare ass, as he pumped into her tight little body. She reached up to grip his hair, pulling his lips onto hers, swiftly fucking her tongue into his mouth with the same rhythm his cock made into her.

"Mmmm, fuuu, fuu...cck."

With another high squeal of pleasure, Fleming shuddered and came, Jonah's quick thrusts taking her up over the edge where she could no longer catch her breath. She gasped, and gripped Jonah tight as another ripple of pleasure throbbed through her. Fleming fell back against the couch, a sheen of sweat on her pale skin.

"Oh sweet fuck, I'm going to miss this. Miss you."

Fleming traced her fingers down Jonah's cheek and over his lips, before wrapping her arms around him, burying her head in his shoulder. "Will you still want me when I get back?"

"Fleming, you're only going down there a month. Stop worrying. I'll be here." Jonah held her tight. "Although that Mandy, in Comms, she's..."

"Don't you fucking dare. Stop teasing me, you bastard." Fleming hugged him tighter, and clenched her pussy around his cock. "Betcha Mandy can't do this."

And Fleming proceeded to do what Mandy couldn't do. Several minutes later, Jonah was a puddle of flesh in Fleming's fierce embrace, feeling quite pleased that Fleming could do what Mandy couldn't.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *