 Let me start off by saying that I'm not real positive about anything anymore, but I think that it is only fair that I try to explain what happened, and what seems to be happening now. If that statement doesn't make sense, hang in there, because I'll try to explain.

It was about two years ago now and I was sixty-seven years old. I was playing racquetball at our local YMCA when my foot stuck on the floor and the rest of my body went flying forward. The next thing I remember I was riding in the back of an ambulance and I heard an emergency medical technician speaking into a radio. 

"I have an older Caucasian male," he said, "I have no indication of a pulse and he appears to have suffered a sever head contusion."

"I'm not dead! Check the pulse again, you idiot!!! What the fuck's the matter with you? I've got a heart beat, check it out." I remember shouting all this, just as plain as day. I didn't understand why he wouldn't listen to me. 

When I woke up next I was in a dark room with a window off to my left. I knew that I wasn't at home because the window in my bedroom was off to the right and behind my head. I had a little bit of a headache, but I couldn't feel any lumps anywhere. Next thing I knew the bed shifted and I felt my wife's leg brush against mine. I could not quite figure out where I was or why we were here, but I rolled over and spooned up against my wife's back.

Now at this point we had been married for forty-seven years, and this was not my wife's back! The woman next to me was naked! My wife had never slept naked in her entire life. This person was more than a few pounds lighter than my wife, (not that my wife is fat or anything). This person had a narrow waist and wide hips and was backing up against the instant erection that I had somehow sprouted. I have not had an instant erection for longer than I care to remember.

Now, I'm not normally considered a dirty old man (at least not by everybody I know, maybe a few but most assuredly not everyone). My hand and arm went around this woman and I felt a strange (well not strange in that it was weird or anything, just different than any that I was used to fondling) breast.

This person kept grinding her backside into me and you know the next thing that happened is that we're going at it hot and heavy. I hadn't had an experience like this since Gomer Pyle was a regular on TV.

After longer than I would have believed it possible for me to have such continuous fun, I finally collapsed and rolled off of this stranger. The next thing that happened was that I awoke to find this strange woman atop me and we were doing it again. Man, twice in just a few hours was more than this old man could handle, but I managed to do justice to the male species and carried on until the end. The woman got up and ambled off toward some other part of the house having twice stolen my life juices and energy.

The sun was up, so I figured I should get up too. I would have taken bets that even if I had tried, I couldn't have gotten it up again, but you know what I mean. I took a leak in the bathroom and found a toothbrush and was using it when I looked into the mirror.

"Holy shit! I yelped as I grabbed the sink with both hands.        

 The stranger in the mirror was not I. I mean, it was someone else. I was somebody that I had never seen before. I had always been just an average looking guy. He looked like a guy that was in fairly good condition and about forty years younger than I was yesterday. But it was not I. I was me, or I, however it is supposed to be written. That image was not the sixty-seven year old guy that I had been. I didn't know whom it was or how I was going to find out.

I looked around the bathroom to see if the real me was hiding somewhere, but the only person there was this stranger that looks back at me in the mirror. I stifle a scream and sit down on the only seat available in the room. At his point I wished that I had remembered to put the lid down. I slowly stand up and take another peek into the mirror and find that the same strange looking dude is still looking back at me.

I leave the bathroom and head out toward another part of the house. I find the sexy woman that I had the encounters in the bed with, standing by the sink in the kitchen. She turns as she hears me enter and looks me up and down. The way she is standing, the sun shining through the window shows off her figure through her light dressing gown. I hadn't bothered to put on any cloths, and I start to sport signs that I find her body attractive. 

"Man," she says, "Here you are trying to sprout another woody after last night. You haven't given me that much action since before we got married. What's gotten into you?' 

I didn't know what to say. Obviously, I am this woman's husband, and she is the wife of this guy who I am. 

"Sit down," she says, "I'll fix you some breakfast before you go off to work."

I sit down and try to relax. I let my mind slowly try to think through what has happened. 

All of a sudden this voice says, "Man do I ever have a hang-over, and I don't even remember drinking anything last night." 

"You did all right by me sweetie," the woman says. "I have no complaints about last night. What ever it was that brought this on, do it every night."

The man and the woman carried on a conversation for awhile, and after breakfast, he/we got up and went back into the bedroom and got dressed. He/we put on a uniform that identified him/us as an emergency medical technician. He/we went back into the kitchen and poured himself/ourselves another cup of coffee. 

Then he commented to his wife; "I picked us this old fart at the YMCA last night. I can't believe an old guy like that, he must have been seventy-five or eighty at least, and believe it or not he was playing racquetball. Anyway, he tripped or something and crashed headfirst into one of the walls. He was dead before we got him to the hospital."

"That's really sad," the woman responded.

"It was a really strange experience." I was calling in the information that the guy didn't have a pulse, and the old shit-head sat up and grabbed me around the upper body with both hands. He than fell back lifeless on the stretcher. It was a really scary and weird situation. I can't explain it, but it almost feels like the guy is inside of me."

"That doesn't make sense." She said. "I think you're working to hard, and you should try and take some time off."

They carried on for awhile and I just listened. If this guy thought that he felt a little strange let him try to think about how I was feeling.         

He got in his car and started driving away. I could see everywhere we were going, and I knew that we were heading towards the hospital. We passed the Junior High School where my kids had gone to school, and ended up in the parking lot behind the hospital. 

As he/we were walking up the back steps we ran into Dr. Carl Bennington, MD. I knew Carl from back when I was a member of Rotary. Carl was a general practitioner I think. He was fairly young, maybe in his early forties.

As the guy I was residing in shook hands with the good doctor, I could feel myself riding down through his arm and out through his hand and into the hand of Dr. Bennington. Then I felt myself settle into the back part of the doctor's brain. 

I could now see through the doctor's eyes and I just knew that I would be able to feel whatever he was feeling whenever he felt it. We, meaning the good doctor that I was now a part of, parted company with the medical technologist. We, I mean the doctor and I, went up the stairs and through the lobby. 

I didn't know much about Dr. Bennington. I didn't know if he was married or not, and I didn't know where he lived. We spent the day together. We did rounds in the morning and most of his patients were old people. 

The only time I was not really bored was when he listened to the heartbeat of a pretty eighteen-year-old girl. She had cute boobs, but I felt really guilty looking at them. I could tell that the doctor didn't think about them at all. At this point I began to think that maybe he was gay. After lunch in the hospital cafeteria, we went to his office and met with patients for the rest of the afternoon. 

At the end of the day he came up behind a female nurse and when he placed his hand firmly on her right buttocks, I felt myself leaving him and going up into her brain, and I saw myself looking out through her eyes. 

I'm telling you I never felt so weird in my whole life. I knew that I was in a place that I should not be. I was an alpha male in a female body. I don't know if it was my will or hers, but she turned around and put her arms around Carl's neck and kissed him. I was able to leave her and go back to him. The two of them talked for a few minutes about nothing, and then Dr. Bennington headed for home.

Dr. Bennington lived in a very nice house in a very upscale sub-division. He had a wife that was about seven or eight months pregnant. She had dinner ready when he arrived, and the two sat and ate.

After dinner he got up and went into his den to read, while she did the dishes. A little while later she came into the den where Carl was and she looked worn out. She stretched out on the coach and closed her eyes. 

'Man I'm beat..." she said, "I think this baby is wearing me out. My legs and feet are killing me. I don't know if I can wait long enough for the little bugger to be born."

I wanted to get up and rub her feet for her, and as I thought about it, the good doctor got up from his reading, went over to the coach, lifted up her feet and sat down with them in his lap.

I kind of just took over his body then. I rubbed the soles of her feet and up her ankles to her knees. I kept it up for about a half an hour, then suggested that maybe it was time we went to bed. She stood up and we hugged. It was different, and I let the doctor take back his own mind and he reached down and cupped her bottom, and told her he thought that she was beautiful and that he loved her very much.                 

The next morning over breakfast, Dr. Bennington was reading our local morning paper. He was just skimming through most of it when he came to the obituaries. He, with a little help from me, read the one about me very carefully. 

I didn't get as much ink as I thought that I deserved, but than I guess if you had asked me, I would have had my picture on page one with maybe even the lead article. They didn't give anywhere near enough information on what a great guy I had been, nor on what I had accomplished during my life.

As the doctor went off toward the hospital, I tried to think about what it was that I wanted to do. One of the things I thought would be fun would be to go and see my wife. The husband of my middle daughter (I have/had three daughters and two sons) worked as a computer specialist that provided services to the hospital. 

He had an office, or rather a sub-office, in the hospital and he was sometimes there in the mornings. I took over the thinking for Dr. Bennington, and off we went to my son-in-laws office. He wasn't there, but I instructed his assistant to have him track me down, meaning Dr. Bennington, as soon as possible. Then we, meaning the doctor and I, went on his daily rounds.

Shortly before it was time for lunch, my son-in-law called my host (I think that is what we'll call the body that I'm living in. I can't think of anything better to call it at this point). We agreed to meet in the cafeteria and shortly thereafter, we did. 

I had the doctor ask my son-in-law, Brian, about how to change the settings on the screen saver, which was a dumb question, but it was one that I always wanted to know and never had a good answer for. Besides I was always chicken to ask my son-in-law myself, he would have made be feel as dumb as a toad. He explained it in great detail to the doctor, and after lunch they shook hands as they parted. I left with my son-in-law. 

Brian made one stop before we left the hospital. This was up in one of the administrator's offices, where the complaint was that the computer would not dial up the Internet. Brian looked the machine over for a couple of seconds, reached behind the thing and plugged in the telephone line. Maybe I'm not any dumber about computers than anyone else is. He then went down to his office and chatted with his assistant for a bit before he went home. 

I didn't like being in Brian. I wasn't sure that I liked being in any of the guys that I had been in so far. And, I sure didn't like being in the one female that had hosted me. The only female I liked being in was the medical technician guys wife. I should delete that last sentence; it's really tacky. True, but tacky. And, it is not what I meant, and you know it. My son-in-law went home to his wife and two kids. Unbeknown to him, I was along for the ride.

When it became time to go to bed, it was weird watching my grown daughter get undressed and ready for bed. I wasn't sure that I wanted to participate in sexual intercourse with her, but what the heck. I was just along for the ride. 

My daughter is a lot bigger woman than my wife ever was. Susan is about six-one, and I'm sure she weighs over one eighty. I have to say this though; she knows how to give a fellow a ride. Sex with her was like being in an athletic contest where both combatants are of equal strength. You never know who is going to win until the very end. It was a great experience. 

During this time I decided that I didn't want to go and see my wife after all. The memories would be very, very hard.

The next morning, I decided that I really liked sex. Now I've always known that I liked sex, but what I discovered was that I liked variety sex. Sex with different women. So, the first opportunity that I got, I moved from being hosted by Brian to the very first guy he saw, which happened to be his next door neighbor. 

This new host was on his way to work, but I took over his thought process and we went back inside and sex with his wife. She was a cute little thing with big boobs. By that nightfall, I had been in seven different hosts and had sex with seven different women. All the women were different, but all were a ton of fun to be with.

The sex was great. I never wore out; I was always ready and willing to go. When the host wore out, I'd have him get up and go next door. There was always a new host able and willing to host me.

What can I say? I travel around the country having sex with women from all walks of life. During the past two years I've been with the wives of Senators, Governors, movie stars, tennis players, construction workers, and any occupation or vocation you can think of. 

For all I know, I could have been with you when you had sex with your wife or girl friend. Or, we could have been screwing while your husband or lover has been hosting me.

I don't want to sound like a braggart, but I will say this. If you recently had some of the very best sex of your life, I may have been involved. I've learned a lot from all the different people I've been with, and I think it's only fair that I share all my knowledge and technique with everyone I come in contact with. I hope you agree with me, and if you do, here's what I'd like for you to do. If you're a girl and the guy you're with tries to stick his tongue up your left nostril, you will know its me. If you're a guy and you have this uncontrollable urge to stick your tongue up your mates left nostril, you will know its me. Just hug each other and say hi.