 I stared in shocked horror at where the shadow spirit had been. More than a few people went limp as they chased it in the astral, and I saw Alpha's eyes glow, which, I remembered, meant she was astrally perceiving. I remembered that I could do the same thing. Blinking, I peered into the astral. 

The bar was an emotional maelstrom of shock and panic, with more than a little bit of rage mixed in. Lucky, I remembered, had lost his girlfriend to a shadow spirit. He'd left town on a job and come back to find a skeletal husk, so obsessed with her painting that she'd forgotten to eat and sleep. 

She'd died in the hospital a few days later. That had been a muse spirit. There were other types. Nastier ones. As I looked around for the shadow spirit, I wondered what type this one was. 

Whatever it was, it was gone now, at least to my eyes. I blinked, and my spirit settled back into my body, allowing me to see the mundane, material world again. 

Shakily, I left the stage. Ember took me by the arm and led me back to my seat. The other spirits appeared to have dematerialized, including Paw. I wondered how many were still hanging out in the astral. Probably most of them. The only spirits with a reason to be in this bar were ones bound by the mages currently hanging out here, and bound spirits liked to stay with their summoners. 

I looked at Alpha, whose eyes were no longer glowing. "See anything?" I asked. 

She shook her head. "It must have left immediately after it dematerialized." She frowned. "I wonder why it decided to materialize here. Shadow spirits normally go after weak, undefended targets, not bars full of armed runners." 

Ember shifted uncomfortably. "It, umm, may not have had a choice. I know I wasn't intending to materialize. But so little of the song filters into the astral. I just had to hear better..." He shivered. "So beautiful..." 

I looked at the rapt expression on his face and swallowed. "I really didn't intend..." I trailed off, shrugging helplessly. The way Ember was looking at me gave me an odd sense of power, and I didn't like it. 

As more and more mages returned to their bodies, Alpha stood. "This is not the place to talk about this." Gesturing for Jazz and Shark to follow, she hustled me out of the room. 

Tiger fell in behind her. "Alpha, we need to talk about what just happened." 

Alpha didn't stop. "This is team business, which means that it is none of yours." 

Tiger darted around to block her. "This doesn't just involve your team. It's-" 

He froze as Alpha's combat knife poked him in the gut. Alpha's voice was low. "Tiger, I like you, I really do. But if you don't get out of my way, I will gut you like a fish. Scan?" 

Swallowing, he nodded, and stepped aside. The four of us, Ember having vanished into the astral, piled into the van. Before I could even buckle my seatbelt, Alpha roared out of the parking lot. 

Eyes on the road, she asked me, "Song, did you know you could force spirits to materialize?" 

Ember materialized on the floor of the van. "I wouldn't say force. Coax or seduce, yes. Maybe even compel. But not force." 

Alpha snarled as she wove in and out of traffic. "Whatever you call it, you just caused every spirit in the bar to materialize. Did you know you could do that?" 

I shook my head. "No. I had no idea." 

"I did tell you that your singing was magical," Ember reminded me. 

I shrugged helplessly. "I thought you were overreacting!" 

Alpha growled. "Song, you should have realized he was serious. Ember, you should have come to me with these suspicions. What happened just now, that drew attention to the entire team, and we can't afford to draw attention!" 

I nodded. "Because of my... Family situation." 

"It's not just about you!" Jazz snapped. "I'm a technomancer. Because of that, I have a corp bounty on me. A bounty I'm sure a lot of people would love to collect. And then I'd end up in some fragging corp lab, and I really don't want to go through that again!" 

I looked at her, startled. "Again?" 

"We all had lives before Handel hired us to guard you," Alpha snapped. "And some aspects of those lives make attention dangerous." Stopping at a light, Alpha turned to look at me. "Song, I consider you a part of the team. However, if you routinely put the rest of the team in danger, that could change." 

"Calm down," Shark rumbled. "Alpha, she's just a kid." 

"She can't be a kid," snapped Alpha. "Not anymore. Shark, you know as well as I do that kid runners die young." 

"This kid runner recently saved all our lives," rumbled Shark. "Or had you forgotten?" 

Alpha visibly calmed. "Right. Of course." She looked at me. "I'm sorry, Song. I was... startled by what happened in there." As the light turned green, she sighed. "I shouldn't have yelled at you." 

"Yes, you should have!" snapped Jazz. "Another big show like that, and-" 

"And we'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen," Alpha cut her off smoothly. "Song, no more singing in public, and if you develop any more weird powers, please let me know." She sighed. "I suppose I was the one who pushed you up on stage."

"You were," Ember agreed, his narrowed gaze fixed on Jazz. 

"I'm sorry about that, then," Alpha sighed. "I suppose that makes this fiasco my fault." 

"You didn't know," Shark rumbled. "Not your fault. Not anyone's, really." 

Jazz snorted. "I still blame-" 

Shark cut her off. "Not Song's fault, either." 

Jazz glared. "I was going to say Ember." 

Alpha sighed. "Of course you were." The car pulled to a stop in front of a familiar dilapidated apartment complex. "We're home." 

As we unloaded ourselves from the van, Alpha told us, "Get some sleep. We're going after those last three hellcows tomorrow." 

*

It turned out there were only two hellcows. The two that had been hanging out together had, as I predicted, attacked each other. One was dead. The other was seriously injured, and was easily dispatched. The uninjured hellcow wasn't much more difficult. And there were no more unexpected surprises. 

We returned to the apartment, where Alpha reminded us of the three other jobs on our roster. "Ok, we finished the hellcow run. We still have the one that involves exploding a warehouse. We'll have to hire another runner for that- Unless one of you has demolitions skills I don't know about?" 

Jazz, Shark, and I shook our heads, but Ember said, "I could burn it down."

Alpha shook her head. "The Mr. Johnson specified an explosion. Says he wants to 'send a message.'" She shrugged. "The other two shouldn't require extra help. Remember, there's the unspecified job from Stan, and one involving the pickpocket." She looked around. "Jazz, have you done any searches about info on pickpockets?" 

Jazz shrugged. "The casefiles for the local Lone Star aren't connected to the matrix anymore, remember? Direct plug in only. Very retro." 

"Also very secure," rumbled Shark. 

Alpha sighed. "So, to get any info on local pickpocketing, we'll need to break into a Lone Star station. Fragging great." 

Jazz shrugged. "Without that data, we won't know where to start."

"We could try to get the pickpocket to target us," Shark suggested. "We know roughly were the original theft was." 

"Roughly," Alpha agreed. "But that plan will go better if we have an idea of where the pickpocket is usually active, so we can go straight through the middle of their territory." She chewed her lip, thinking. "Song, did you pick up that invisibility spell formulae I suggested? The one that also fools cameras?" 

I nodded. "I picked it up, but I haven't had time to study it yet." I made a face. "It'll probably take 4 or 5 days to learn it." 

Alpha nodded. "I have an idea on how to get into the station, but to get the data tap in place, we'll need someone invisible. Song, you get to work learning the spell. In the meantime, we can do the demolitions run. It'll take a few days to line up a runner who can do what we need, anyways. I'll talk to Lucky. If he can't do it, he'll be able to find someone who can." 

I blinked. "Lucky does demolitions?" From what I'd seen of him, he was a bit... cavalier to be a successful explosives expert. 

Shark sniggered. "Yeah, I know what you mean. He hasn't blown himself up yet, though." 

Jazz snorted. "He's gotten lucky. No pun intended." 

Alpha shrugged. "Whether through luck or skill, he's good at what he does. And that's what we need." 

Discussion over, I headed to my room to begin studying, with Ember following close behind. 

*

Three days later, I was almost done. If I studied late into the night, I'd be able to finish tomorrow. And then we could get started planning the lone star run. Unfortunately, tonight was the night of the explosives run. 

Alpha stood in the doorway of my room. Today she was a short, asian woman with a crew cut. "You need to sit this one out, Song." 

I frowned. "Can't you delay the run for a few days?" 

Alpha shook her head. "No. After this, Lucky isn't available for another month." She sighed. "Don't ask me why. He won't say." 

"Probably going to be out of town," rumbled Shark behind her. 

Alpha shrugged. "Probably. We'll be fine, Song. I trust Lucky to have our back. He's a bit secretive, but he's solid when it counts." 

I nodded unhappily. "When should I expect you back?" 

"We'll be in before 3 am," Alpha told me. "Is Ember back yet?" 

I shook my head. "Nope." 

Alpha sighed. "I wish he'd told us where he was going. Or when he'd be back. Or, well, anything about this little errand of his." 

I shrugged. "Technically he's a free spirit. I can't control him. He just likes me enough to do as I ask him. Sometimes." 

Alpha frowned. "I don't like leaving you alone like this." 

I shrugged. "I've got Paw, and, if I need to, I can summon another spirit." 

Alpha nodded. "Still, stay in the apartment, if at all possible. The security Jazz set up isn't ideal, but it's better than nothing." She turned toward the door. "See you later, Song." 

Shark turned as well, but looked back at me over his shoulder. "Be safe." 

I nodded. "You too, guys. Be safe." 

I turned back to my studies, worry twisting into a knot in my gut. 

*

Four in the morning. The others weren't back, and I was worried. I paced in my room as Paw watched anxiously from a corner. "Can you sense Ember at all?" I asked Paw. 

It shook its head. "No." 

I dialed Alpha on my commlink again. It went straight to voicemail, again. So did Jazz's and Sharks. I swore. Alpha and Jazz might have turned theirs off so the noise wouldn't give away their position, but Shark's commlink was implanted. With no ring or vibration to worry about, he never turned his off. He didn't always answer, but he never turned it off. 

Whatever had happened, it was likely over already. But I still had to know. I turned to Paw. "Find Alpha, Jazz, and Shark. If they need help, help them. Then come back and tell me if they're ok." 

Paw hesitated. "Do I have to? I don't want to leave you alone." 

I rolled my eyes. "I'll be fine. Go." 

As my bound spirit, Paw had no choice but to obey. With one final lingering look at me, it dematerialized. 

I sighed, and began to pace again. What if Alpha, Jazz, and Shark were dead? I swiped away a tear, but could do nothing about the pain and terror that spiked through me. It wasn't just the fear of losing three close friends, though that in itself was bad enough. It was the fear of losing the safety they represented. 

No one besides them had a reason to give a drek about my life. That was the chip truth. My mother was dead, likely murdered. Handel was dead as well, definitely murdered. My father had died long ago. No one cared about me, and many had reasons to want me dead. 

Unreasoning terror spiked through me. If they were gone, what would I do? Where would I go? What if someone figured out who I really was? What if-? 

I broke through the terror. Something was wrong. I'd spiraled into unreasoning fear way, way too quickly for it to be natural. "I know you're there," I said, trying to sound confident even though I was still shaking in fear. "You've got 5 seconds to scram, and then I summon something powerful and come after you on the astral." 

A shape materialized. A robed figure. The shadow spirit from the bar. I raise my hands, ready to cast a spell. "I said scram!" 

The figure laughed. "You don't scare me, little mage. You are weak, and so very, very alone." 

Fear rose to choke me. I backed towards the door. I couldn't seem to look away from the spirit, caught, like a deer in headlights, in the gaze of two glowing green eyes. I could feel the spirit pulling at something inside me, drawing energy from the core of my being. I shook. Tears streamed down my cheeks. I had to do something... I had to... I... 

My trembling fingers couldn't seem to work the latch on the door. I couldn't get it open. I was trapped. Trapped in a room with a nightmare. 

The nightmare glided towards me. Closer... Closer... I wailed in terror. 

The shadow spirit froze, trembling. The terror that imprisoned me eased. My trembling lessened, and I remembered I was a mage. A mage. I could fight back. 

I closed my eyes and opened my mind. I needed a protector. A guardian. A powerful one... 

With a hollow boom, my summoned spirit appeared between me and the nightmare. It looked like an enormous suit of medieval armor, so tall it had to crouch slightly to avoid touching the ceiling. Its visor was down. Nothing was visible of whoever, or whatever, wore the armor. 

It casually backhanded the shadow spirit, sending it crashing into the wall. Then it turned to me. "What is thy bidding, my lady?" Its voice was deep, and had a slight metallic echo. 

I blinked, still dizzy from drain, and wiped my nosebleed with my sleeve. "Ummm..." 

"I presume you wish me to deal with this ruffian?" It gestured toward the shadow spirit, which rose, hissing, from the floor. 

I just stared, shaking, as the shadow spirit glided towards me once more. 

"There is little I can do without your command," the guardian spirit reminded me. "Do you wish me to deal with the nightmare? A simple yes will suffice." 

I took a deep breath. "Y-yes!" 

Without another word the guardian spirit thrust a fist into the shadow spirit's robed form. It dematerialized. Seconds later, the guardian spirit vanished as well. 

I leaned against the doorway, panting and trembling. I knew that, on the astral plane, my summoned spirit fought the nightmare. I tried to plan what I would do if my spirit lost. Should I summon another? If I did, I might end up passing out. That would not be good. 

The guardian spirit reappeared. I breathed a sigh of relief. "You won?" 

"In a manner of speaking, my lady," the spirit told me in its deep voice. "The shadow spirit surrendered. She wishes to make recompense." 

I blinked. "Make recompense?" 

The shadow spirit rematerialized. I squeaked, and she winced. "I'm sorry. I promise, this time I did not mean to frighten you." 

I blinked. "Ok." 

She looked away. "I... I heard you sing the night I... Well, you remember. I've been following you ever since. And tonight you were alone, and already frightened..." She looked down. "I thought you would be delicious." Then she met my gaze, green eyes bright with malice. "And you were." She laughed. 

The guardian spirit cleared his throat. The shadow spirit looked away again. "I won't do it again. And not because this hulk beat me. Though he did. When you cried out..." She trembled. "It touched me. Deep inside. Like your singing, except... Except it hurt. I could feel your terror. Your pain." She shivered. "I want to make it up to you. To help you." She reached out to me with a skeletal hand. 

I drew away, shaking. 

The spirit sighed, and dropped her hand. "You'll drive me away, won't you. If you can. I'm frightening. I'm dangerous." She looked at me thoughtfully. "But what if you had a way to control me? Would you drive me away then?" 

I swallowed. "What are you talking about? Control you?" 

The nightmare met my gaze. "I'm talking about binding." 

I blinked. "Shadow spirits can't be bound." 

I couldn't see her smug smile, but I could feel it. "That's because, if you didn't summon a spirit, you need its name to bind it. With normal spirits, like this big guy, there are ways to find out. However, a shadow spirit's name must be freely given." 

"And you'll give me your name? Just like that?" I asked. 

Her green eyes pierced me. "No. Not just like that. You must promise me you will never, ever share my name. With anyone. For any reason. I won't serve just any meatperson. I'd rather die. But you're different. I'll serve you." 

"How sweet," a voice said from the opposite corner. I whirled. There was Ember. His eyes met mine. They blazed. "Songbird. Where is Paw? Why wasn't he here to protect you? Or to fetch me?"

I blinked. "The others were late. I sent Paw to find out if they were alright."

Ember's voice was cold. "You should have sent him to fetch me first." 

I sighed. "I didn't want to bother you." 

"And I don't want you to die!" Ember snapped. "I will admit, this little disaster worked out just fine without me. But what if it hadn't? You're vulnerable, Songbird." 

"The fire spirit has a point," boomed the suit of armor. "You are delicate. You must be protected." 

I glared at them both. "I protected myself just fine for years before I summoned either of you." 

"I'm not sure how," snapped Ember. "It's a dangerous world out there, Song, and you don't seem to realize that." 

"Ummm..." This voice came from the direction of my bed. "It's kind of crowded in here, so I materialized on the bed. I hope that's alright." 

That was Paw! I turned to face him. "Are Alpha, Shark, and Jazz ok?" 

Paw shook his head. "Not really? They sent me to ask you for more help." 

I turned to the guardian spirit. "Go with Paw. Help Alpha, Shark, and Jazz however you can." He vanished. 

I turned to the shadow spirit. "If you're so serious about helping me, you should go with them and help." She dematerialized. A second later, so did Paw. 

I turned to Ember. His expression was mullish. "I'm not going anywhere." 

I sighed. "Fine." A shadow spirit, a guardian spirit, and a beast spirit were probably more than enough anyways. I settled down on my bed to wait. 

Ember settled down beside me. "Are you wondering where I was?" 

I shook my head. "Not really. That's your business." 

Ember sighed. "It's actually kind of your business too, Song." 

I looked at him. "Can we talk about this later? I'm worried." 

Reluctantly, Ember nodded. "Of course." He paused. "Can you sing to me?" 

I nodded. "What should I sing?" 

He shrugged. "I don't care." 

I took a deep breath. 

"Shadows and moonlight, Bargaining with the night. Sold and boughtDevil's delight. 

"The deal that I made,On the edge of a blade.Run and fightSeduce, persuade. 

"The guns and the knives,Then we run for our lives.Pray and dreamThat hope survives. 

"Sold and bought,Run and fight,Pray and dream,This is my life."

As I finished, Ember sighed. "That was beautiful." 

I smiled. "Thank you." Looking down shyly, I added, "I wrote it myself." 

Ember leaned against my shoulder. "Sing to me more." 

I complied.