 She sat on the thin grass, looking over the valley below, her blue eyes staring to the shallow shadows as the sun sent a golden light across the land beneath her while it set. A gentle wind stirred and whispered through the white feathers of her wings and she felt her light hair brush against her cheek as the breeze moved it across her face. It seemed so peaceful here, so serene, but she knew better... Wars, anger, hatred... The world was falling to it's own darkness, coming from within, and there was nothing she could do about it. 

'It's not your place to interfere,' the strong female voice came from behind her in response to her thoughts. 

'Akima,' she greeted the daemon who was coming to her side. Her mirror in every way, but the shadow of her light with dark black wings and pitch hair down to her back, her sister sat beside her, resting her sword on one knee. 'Celeste,' Akima greeted in return, neither sister looking to the other, angel and daemon sat to watch the sun sink.

Finally, as the golden light faded, bringing a deep hue of purple across the land, Celeste sighed a deep breath. 'How is it fair, to see the light in every creature and not be able to rid humans of the bad for their own good?' Her sister smiled and rested a hand on Celeste's, looking at her with a sarcastic smile, 'No more fair than them attempting to deny their shadow in order to suffer in the denial of being only good.' The angel smiled, for she knew her sister was right, there was always a balance -- Akima and she were the perfect living examples of that. Their angelic father had taken pity on their daemonic mother and so a forbidden love had been born, two twin souls along with it... each one was the opposite and balance of the other. They now sat here, side by side. Their parents had been punished by death for their crime and betrayal... She and her sister had been innocent babes at the time and so allowed to grow on their own paths, yet she knew someday the same fate would befall them.

'Besides,' Akima laid her sword beside her, bringing Celeste from her thoughts back to the moment. She moved to wrap her arm around Celeste's waist and whispered in her sisters ear, 'How can an angel expect mortals to not give into shadow when she cannot help but give in herself...' Akima finished her sentence by taking Celeste's ear lobe gently between her lips and nibbling it ever so lightly... Celeste could not help but smile gently as she her eyes fluttered to the sensation, it was true... In times like this, when her heart swam in sorrow, she could not help but console herself in her daemonic sister's embrace, nor could she hide herself from Akima's touch... 

The sun had now set and the sky was becoming scattered with stars, Celeste felt a tear streak her face as a sullen wave of silent sadness overcame her, suddenly she was shivering and she pulled her wings tight against her back in an attempt to warm herself despite the latent warmth in the air. Akima still held her, she knew this would come, as it always has. She looked to Celeste and gently placed her lips to her cheek, kissing away her tear. Celeste looked up into the dark intriguing depths of the eyes before her own, and closing hers to her deed, leaned into a deep, lingering kiss.

She knew it was wrong, she knew they would pay one day... but this was not the first time the two had engaged in such practice, and they had yet to be punished for their sacrilege. So until they were, Celeste would not try to resist the love she felt for Akima whenever a kiss came to pass between them. Celeste wrapped her arms around the daemon she adored, pain being softened and soon replaced by the comfort her sister's embrace offered her. Still lost in each others' kiss, they pulled each other closer.

Akima moved her hands across the subtle rift Celeste's wings made as they met the muscles which powered them. She smiled to the shudder she received in response as the wings parted to her touch - she knew this was as much a sweet spot for Celeste as what it was for her. She continued to move her hands up Celeste's back till she reached her neck, kissing the nape as her hands worked on the intricate series of knots which secured the free flowing cream-coloured robe which was shielding the angel's body. Once loose, the soft fabric fell aside exposing the upper regions of the perfection which was her soft skin, slender body and pert breasts, pale now against the rising moonlight. 

Pulling back a little as Akima grinned, Celeste smiled shyly (though she'd done this before) as she removed her sister's flowing black gown, also scarcely being held by a small clasp behind her beautifully exposed neck. As the fabric fell to swim at their thighs where they sat, she cupped Akima's breasts gently as they kissed once more, this time deeper as they played with each other's tongues. 

As Celeste began to knead her breasts, Akima ran her hands across her body, exploring her thighs beneath the floating fabric, up her hips, across her chest and breasts up to her neck and face... She cupped Celeste's face just then, a hand on each cheek, and severed their kiss. Celeste's eyes showed a yearning to again feel their lips together as she looked up at her sister, but when she realized Akima was encouraging her towards somewhat sweeter targets, she moved swiftly, taking the entirety of a pink areola into her mouth and nursing on it with vigor. Akima gasped at the speed with which the sensation claimed her and inadvertently pulled at Celeste's feathers in her moment of pleasurable shock. Celeste moaned her approval as she moved her mouth to the other breast, where a nipple stood well raised in a plea for attention. While her mouth and one hand caressed the flesh of the daemon's breasts, her other wandered down Akima's side and towards her inner thigh. Here it stroked and gently teased, encouraging Akima to rise slightly, deeper into Celeste's caress, as she spread open a small enough crevice between her thighs, allowing the angel's hand to sink to her warm mound, sending a wave of pleasure across her entire body.

Celeste felt Akima's shudder beneath her touch and smiled a gentle smile with her parted lips. She began kissing a gentle trail of butterfly kisses up from her chesty prize towards Akima's neck, further still until their lips rediscovered each other and their tongues began a frivolous dance. Akima began leaning deeper into the embrace, forcing Celeste to lean with her, backwards so that her back was soon arched as her sister kissed lower, holding the angel from falling as her mouth this time found Celeste's breasts. Celeste's breathing was deep, she needed no words for Akima to know the yearning she felt for release... As she suckled her teat, her strong arms still supporting them, she moved the one down Celeste's side, lower to slide down the silken length of her leg. With subtle and suggestive movements, she got Celeste to recline, moving into a position laying down with her wings creating a bed of their own. Their legs now free from their seated position, the fabric between them was thrown aside, Akima poised herself above Celeste. Their eyes held each others' gaze as they both felt the breeze on their bodies, the sweet scent of their desire for one another tingeing the air.

Akima took her sister's breast into her mouth once more, allowing her one thigh place direct pressure on Celeste's moist, hot sex. The sensations called forth eager sighs and moans from the angel. Akima replaces her lips with her hands and massaged the breast in her grasp, allowing her other's fingers stroke her sister's thigh as she kissed lower, biting softly sometimes, which awarded her several gasps in reverence. She kissed lower still, until she reached the exposed sweetness between Celeste's parted legs, she blew gently on the hooded pearl which was slightly exposed, before licking it and with one motion taking it into her mouth. The response was immediate as her lover shuddered beneath her, shuddering as the pleasure overtook her. Akima stopped for a moment, adapting her motion to that of a cat lapping furtively at cream. Her tongue explored every perfect fold and crease of exposed flesh, eventually allowing herself to take one slow stroke from the rose-bud rear all the way up to Celeste's now fully-exposed clit. She found herself being shoved down into the sweet depths beneath her as Celeste could take it no more... she gripped Akima's hair in her hands and pressed her sister as far into her mound as she could go. Akima had no complaints, she rapidly undertook a generous licking of the love hole before her. As her tongue explored these delicious depths, her one hand had made it's way to Celeste's mound where her fingers played eagerly with the clitoris which was so readily waiting. The other raked its way through the feathers which were cushioning the pair, but was soon being used to hold Celeste's hips as her orgasm claimed her and she began bucking against the daemon's face. 

Celeste was in ecstasy, her body betraying her thoughts to her lustful release. And what a divine release it was! Her very being shuddered to its core as pleasure took her wave by wave, even as Akima slowed her pace to a slow lapping to clean all the heavenly nectar she had just received as her reward. She kissed Celeste's thighs and stomach, each of her breasts and neck till their lips finally met once more, in a slow but passionate kiss, the kiss of lovers who have known each other so many times. Celeste was still breathing heavily, but it was slowing as she drifted off to a silent slumber, away from the sadness this world brought her. Akima lay beside her, watching her sister slip into sleep, and brought her one wing across them so that their naked skins were sheltered from the now chilling air. Her own time for release would come, but tonight was not it. And so the angel and the daemon rested in each other's arms as the night reigned before the new day came.