 ***Sorry it's taken awhile to get this posted. I'll do my best to get another chapter up soon. My work schedule in pretty crazy and I have a few long weeks ahead of me. Please offer your comments I love to hear what you have to say.*** 

Chapter 3:

"You alright, my boy. You're looking a little green around the gills." Mr. Trent said, eying Braedan carefully.

"I...um...what?" Braedan was sure he had officially lost his mind. How else could one explain the presence of the girl he had, in a since, known for the past three years from his dreams? He could not think straight and Mr. Trent might not be far off the mark because he could not decide if throwing up or passing out was the most logical thing to do. 

When his legs began to give out he steadied himself on Rosie and Ada was at his side immediately. 

"He hasn't been feeling too well, Greg, I'll make sure he gets home alright" she piped in. "Peter, I'll meet you and Galen back here in a half an hour. I'd like to show her how to groom a horse before the place gets too crazy. Greg will you see to Rosie?" Greg nodded.

"Of course, Ada. Thank you." Peter said with a smile. He looked at his sister, still enraptured by the horse and felt a burst of hope. Not only had she done amazingly well with Turbo, but she even noticed a complete stranger. And smiled at him. No small feet. Peter could not remember the last time he had seen her notice anyone besides himself, Ada, and her cat. Perhaps Ada was right about this place. He looked at the man Ada was leading away and saw him glance back, his eyes falling on Galen as if he could not believe what he saw. Quickly moving to his sister's side, he blocked the man's view. He hated the way men looked at his sister. He had vowed to protect her and that meant from all possible threats. 

Braedan was shoved unceremoniously into the passenger seat of a small two door coupe that involved him sitting with his knees nearly touching his chest until Ada adjusted the seat. The driver's door slammed and then a hand was reaching over him and opening the glove box.

"Here, eat this." Ada handed him a butterfinger and glared until he unwrapped it and took a bite.

"Why am I eating this?" he asked curiously, glancing back at the retreating ranch. 

"I may not be a medical doctor but shock is a pretty easy thing to diagnose. So, eat the damn candy bar before I just drive your ass to the ER. Now, where do you live?"

Braedan dropped his head in his hands, running his fingers through his hair.

"At the end of Bayberry Rd. The next left." He heard Ada sigh as she drove but focused on his own breathing and tried to wrap his head around what had just happened.

"I'm not even going to pretend to understand what is going on here, Braedan. But as soon as you described this girl from you dreams I knew you were seeing Galen. I don't know how or why, I did not get my degree in paranormal studies. What I do know is that when she walked in that barn and Greg called her name she actually looked around and smiled at you. Do you realize that you are the first person she has so much as blinked at besides myself and her brother in two and half years? Oh god, Peter is not going to be happy about this!" She slammed her hands down on her steering wheel in frustration. 

"Why?" He asked in a hopeless voice and neither he nor Ada knew if he asked why Peter would not be happy or why this was happening at all. His breathing was returning to normal and he was not feeling as woozy as he had been. Straightening up in his seat he watched the road as Ada turned down Bayberry and began bumping along as the asphalt changed to gravel and dirt. It had not rained in weeks and the dust cloud that was kicked up caused a few birds roosting nearby to take flight. 

Having calmed down his thoughts began to flow with a little more ease. He had found her! Galen. She was as stunning as he had always seen her, even in her pair of old jeans, a grey tank top, and dirt smudges on her cheeks. His shock wearing off, all he wanted to do was have Ada turn around and return to Wolf Hollow. He wanted to take Galen in his arms and hide her from all of the hurt in the world. He thought of her brother and knew he would have no easy time, especially in the mental state Galen was in. Guilt began to suffuse his thoughts. How could he think of her in a romantic and clearly sexual light when she had very little recognition of the real world? But despite the fact he knew he should feel ashamed of himself and dirty, he did not. Seeing her, imagining himself with her just felt right.

They pulled up in front of his house a few minutes later and Ada shut off her car and turned to stare pointedly at Braedan.

"You're mad," he said before she could speak.

"No," she sighed heavily. "I'm not mad, just incredibly freaked out. Aren't you?" Braedan nodded. "Galen is like a sister to me. She was twenty when she was in the accident and we have tried everything to get her back and nothing has worked. Her closest relationship, as I've told you has been with her cat. She deserves to have love, Braedan," she looked at him knowingly and he blushed. "But we have to make her better first."

"Of course, Ada. I understand that. I would never condone such a relationship with her in her current condition. Having seen her, knowing for a fact that she is real, all I want to do is help her. I have to help her Ada; I've never felt so strongly about anything before." 

Ada looked at the man in her passenger seat carefully. She had known him for less than a week but she knew she could trust him. The sincerity of his tone was reflected in his eyes. Whatever was going on had to be for a reason. Galen had been through so much and not only Peter believed she deserved the world. 

"Alright, you sir should try and get some rest, I know it's still early but you really do look like death. I'll drop your car off later today."

"I can't stay here, Ada. Not when she's so close." Braedan, although he felt like a child whining at not getting his way, couldn't help it. 

"You have to Braedan, at least until I can speak to Peter. I already told you Peter has a thing about doctors. Add to that a handsome young man who is interested in his little sister, well let's just say he is not going to be very fond of you. Rest, I'll call you later and we can see about getting you in for some sessions with her and work around your shifts at the hospital." 

Braedan nodded dejectedly and clambered out of the car. 

"Don't worry about working around me. I have some vacation time saved up." Ada looked at him in exasperation but before she could open her mouth to protest Braedan broke in. "Don't. There is no way I can concentrate well enough at work to be anything but a liability right now. I'm doing this Ada. I have to." Shutting the door before she could respond he walked to his front door and unlocked it. Glancing back he waved before making his way to the phone and calling to hospital. He requested a leave of absence and when he had the answer he was looking for he found his way to the bedroom and fell with a heavy sigh onto his bed. 

He found himself upon the island almost immediately. Galen sat, looking at the ripples her own tears made in the water. The warm feeling of being near her that entered his heart was overwhelming. Galen. His Galen.

"Galen?" he said, trying her name for the first time. It felt like heaven when she turned in surprise to gaze upon him. She quickly jumped to her feet and smoothed down the soft fabric of her flowing dress. There was fear in her eyes and Braedan hated himself for being the cause. "Please," he began "I'm sorry I startled you."

"B-Braedan?" His name on her lips did things to his body he was not proud of. 

"You know my name?"

"I heard it today, at the place with the horses. You've been here before." It was not a question. "How?" Braedan shook his head and shrugged his head, taking a small step closer and finding a seat on one of the white washed logs littering the island. Galen looked at him skeptically before taking a seat on a nearby rock she used often.

"I don't know why, Galen. Why are you here?"

Her voice when she answered was sweet but held the same feeling of defeat he had heard in her song. 

"I don't have a choice." Her shoulders drooped and the strangled sob that escaped her lips set Braedan in motion. He was at her side immediately, taking her hands in his. 

"Galen, I..." His words stilled as flashes of pain shot through him, emanating from their joined hands. Images like the ones he had seen in the lake played behind his mind's eye but their presence felt much too real, much too personal. He knew the pain he felt was emotional and not his own but the weight of it created a need for physical release. Gasping he ripped his hands from hers and stumbled back, looking at his hands and feeling hot tears streaming down his face. Glancing up into the face of his angel he saw a brief halt to her tears. 

Her blue eyes had grown large in shock. 

"You...you stopped them." she winced as the visions assailed her senses and her tears began anew. "You shouldn't touch me, Braedan. Not if you have to suffer too." She turned away from him. Braedan couldn't take it. Rushing forward he scooped her into his arms and held her tight. He could briefly hear her gasp as her pain fed into him and the visions hit him hard. He shut his eyes tightly, trying to stem the flow of tears he could already feel falling down his face. 

At the same time he was acutely aware of her small body pressed perfectly against his. Biting back the pain he pushed it to the furthest corners of his mind and took a deep breath. A second breath and he was sure the ache had diminished slightly. He concentrated on the feel of the woman in his arms and knew he would be alright when he felt his body begin to stir in the most primal way.

Cool hands touched his face and he leaned into them.

"Oh Galen," he sighed.

"Your tears have stopped." She said quietly while tracing the path they had taken down his cheeks. He opened his eyes and looked down at the woman in his arms. 

"So have yours." The smile that lit her face was breathtaking. It was a smile that caused the sun to rise and Braedan knew at that moment he would do anything to keep that smile on her face. "Are the vision gone too?" he asked, for although he could still feel their presence as a dull ache, Galen's presence seemed to mute them to a bearably level. 

"No," she said, shaking her head. "They aren't gone, but they don't hurt so much anymore. Thank you!" She buried her head in his chest and Braedan instinctively tightened his embrace. He settled them together on the ground, reeling in his desire to do more than just hold her. She nestled into his embrace like she had been born to fit there and her sigh of contentment sent thrills up Braedan's spine. 

"Tell me about yourself, Braedan." Galen said sweetly and so he did.

**********

The sound of a phone ringing pulled Braedan from his sleep. He wanted to throw it across the room for pulling him for the Galen's embrace. Growling softly he threw the covers off and reached for his phone.

"What," he answered gruffly. 

"Braedan, it's Ada. Were you dreaming again last night?" There was an urgent tone to her voice that caused him to sit up straighter. Glancing at the bedside clock he saw that it was 5:30 in the morning, he'd slept nearly a whole day. 

"Yeh, most of yesterday and last night I suppose, why? What's wrong?" He was startled when she began laughing. "Ada," he called, waiting for her to calm down. "Ada! If you don't explain this call I will hang up right now." he knew he wouldn't but he hoped it would get her to calm down a bit.

"I'm sorry...Braedan. It just that Galen had a breakthrough last night. I just got off the phone with Peter. He said that after dinner last night she just seemed to wake up. He said it is the most coherent he has seen her since before the accident. She went into his room and hugged him and asked how he was and it sounds like they sat and talked for hours. She's asleep right now. I think you, Dr. Kelly might be just what she has needed all along. Should I assume last nights dreams were different?"

"Remarkable is probably a better word," he answered and went on to explain what had happened. Ada whistled low at hearing about their sharing of sorrow and surprised Braedan when she asked if he could still feel it. There was a dull ache he could feel but nothing like what he had felt in his dream and he told her so. 

"Well, I suppose when Galen wakes up she'll have reverted back to her more catatonic self." Ada surmised and Braedan did not have to ask how she came to that conclusion. He was apt to agree with her. "I was able to talk to Peter about bringing you in to help out. He isn't too enthusiastic but he isn't one to believe in coincidence. When I brought up the fact that she had already acknowledged you and how well she did last night he had to agree it was worth a try. I didn't bring up the dreams, I figured that would not win us points at the moment. If you're up for it, she has a session at eight this morning. Meet us in the barn and we'll get you introduced properly." 

"I'll see you at eight." Braedan responded and hung up. 

He showered quickly and made himself a quick breakfast. Once he had nearly inhaled it he raced outside to his car and made his way to Wolf Hollow. He busied himself with the normal chores of the stable until his nerves had calmed to a level he could manage more easily. Turbo was in high spirits and seemed to sense Braedan's excitement because as soon as he was released into the paddock he was off like a light running around and bucking like a young colt. Braedan laughed and shook his head at his favorite horse's antics before heading back inside to finish up the morning's chores. 

He knew it was nearly eight when other workers began showing up. When Gregory Trent came in he called over to Braedan. 

"So Dr. I hear from miss Ada that you will be joining us more regularly for a while."

"That's right Sir, I hope you don't mind," he answered politely. Braedan thought very highly of Mr. Trent.

"Not at all, son. In fact it will be nice to have a licensed medical doctor on hand. We always have someone that needs looking after." He clapped Braedan on the back. "Keep up the good work, Braedan, I really appreciate all that you do." And with that he walked off whistling. 

Braedan was never sure how to take Gregory Trent. He was a generous and well loved man in the community but no matter how often he spoke with the man he always felt like there was something missing. He could never pin down the feeling and although he felt it should make him uneasy, it didn't. Everyone hid part of themselves, obviously Gregory Trent did as well. 

When the stable doors opened again he heard his name being called. He set down the shovel and pulled off his gloves, turning to the sound of approaching feet.

"Good morning, Braedan. You are looking much better today," Ada said. She was followed by Peter and an obviously closed off Galen. He suppressed a sigh before responding.

"Morning too you too, Ada. I am feeling much better." As he spoke his attention was diverted from Ada to the wakening expression on Galen's face. Slowly she blinking and looked around until her eyes met his. A smile bloomed across her face and she broke free from her brother's hold.

"Braedan!" she yelled and threw herself into his surprised yet welcoming arms.