 "Can I interest either of you in dessert tonight?" the waiter interrupted, looking between Braedan and Galen.

Galen smiled warmly at the young man but shook her head. "I couldn't eat another bite."

"I have to agree. The rest of the food was just too delicious, we couldn't help but over indulge. We will take our check though, if you don't mind."

"Of course, I'll be right back with that."

Braedan turned back to his date and smiled, "You were saying?"

"Well, when Ada and I went shopping she got me thinking about the future. If things keep going well, and I can stay awake for longer periods of time, I'd like to go back to school. I don't care where, my credits should transfer. I have all my prerequisites done to get into a teaching program, it's just a matter of getting signed up." The waiter returned and set down their check along with two complimentary mints. "Thank you," Galen unwrapped her mint while Braedan took out his wallet.

"So you'll teach kids while I heal them," he said, putting their payment along with a generous tip on the table.

"We'll catch them coming and going."

"Won't it be your job to teach them to be safe and careful?" he asked with laugh.

"Among other things," she shot back but sobered quickly, "but accidents do happen." Warm hands enveloped hers and she looked up into Braedan's incredible eyes.

"So we'll be the ones to help pick up the pieces." His tone had gentled at her obvious distress. He wanted to kick himself for leading the conversation in such a direction, he hated seeing her in pain, especially when he was the one to cause it. His moment of self loathing must have been stronger than he suspected because the sadness in Galen's eyes shifted to anger quickly.

"Don't do that to yourself! There is nothing you can do to change the past, Braedan and you can't protect me from it either. I won't have you blaming yourself for anything," the challenge in her eyes was obvious. It dared him to contradict her edict. Braedan could only shake his head.

"You really are the most incredible woman I've ever met. Here you are spouting at me about not protecting you from your pain, when you help protect everyone from theirs. All I can promise is that I'll try my best, I hate seeing you hurting sweetheart, especially if there is something I can do to prevent it."

"I suppose that's the best I'm going to get, huh?" she asked with a half smile, her anger having already simmered out. She was answered by being pulled to her feet and enfolded in two strong arms.

"You've got that right, sweetheart. Let's get out of here." Taking her hand he led her from the restaurant. As they walked he realized he had yet to tell her about his discovery the night before. He looked down at her walking beside him and smiled, pulling her arm through his before speaking. "I forgot to mention something about last night."

"Oh?"

"Yes. Somehow I managed to stay at the lake after you woke up." Galen's head snapped up at the news. "It wasn't for long," he continued. "Just long enough to notice a few things."

"What kind of things?"

"Well, with our very satisfying finish," Galen blushed scarlet while Braedan smiled proudly, "it seems the water level dropped...dramatically."

"What do you mean by 'dramatically'?" Her eyes were wide in surprise, how could this be?

"Three feet maybe? A lot more than when you sing." Galen's feet slowed unconsciously, bringing them both to a stop in the middle of the sidewalk. She looked up at Braedan speechless. Three feet? Feet? In the three years she had been trapped never once had she been able to perform such a deed. It had only been by happenstance she had figured out that her singing helped lift some of the sorrow; but it lowered the water in barely visible amounts. What Braedan revealed was incredible. Together they had diminished a great amount of pain. But how?

"Braedan, how is this possible? What we did, it wasn't for anyone else, it was for ourselves, how could that affect the island?" Braedan could clearly feel her confusion and her reluctance to believe. He was glad he'd had a chance to think all of this through before their date.

"The first time you sang, the first time that you noticed a change on the island, why did you sing?" The question threw Galen off guard, not sure where he was going with this.

"I was lonely," she said, "I was trapped and alone and sad and singing has always helped make me feel better so I sang."

"So you didn't sing for anyone else but yourself? You sang so that you would feel better? How is that any different than what we did last night?"

"Well it's just, it's..." she had to stop and think, her thoughts were coming and going so quickly it was hard to grasp one and hold on. "Selfish?" She knew it wasn't the right word but it was the closest she could come. Braedan's eyes darkened a bit at this comment.

"Selfish? Perhaps a little. But we didn't make love for selfish reasons, we made love for each other, to experience a few moments of real, undiluted joy. In that final moment last night, what did you feel?" Galen's mouth lifted in a half smile, her eyes beginning to beam with understanding and love.

"Freedom," she whispered "So much happiness that I can't describe it."

"Exactly. Many people say that joy is contagious; I think we may have proved that last night." Galen wrapped her arms around the man before her, burying her head against his strong chest.

"Thank you," she whispered, afraid that if she spoke any louder that the emotion in her voice would overwhelm her.

"I haven't even finished telling you everything." Yet again Galen's eyes met his in surprise.

"More? What else could there be?"

"With the drop in water level I noticed a few other things. A marble statue of girl appeared. It was toppled over but still in amazing shape for being underwater for so long. She had tears running down her face. And then there was a blue glow out in the middle of the water. I think there's something down there."

"What is that place?" Galen asked, squeezing Braedan tightly.

"I keep asking myself that same question."

******

Gina smiled at the handsome man at her counter. Usually the only nice faces she had to look at were of men on the cover of magazines. The man in front of her was delicious. Shoulder length black hair hung around his face and fierce hazel eyes took in everything around him, a strong and compact body finished up the package nicely. When he set down his purchases on the belt she wanted to lick her lips, she loved a man who worked with his hands. She saw the edge of his mouth lift in a wicked smile and a heated look enter his eyes as he took in her low cut shirt and the generous amount of cleavage it left visible.

"Good evening, I hope you found everything alright," she said batting her eye lashes playfully. "Wow, duck tape, rope, hooks, chains, hammer," she rattled off as she scanned the items, "You must have quite the project you're working on, sugar."

"You could say that," the man answered, a hard edge to his voice. "just getting ready for a guest. I want to make sure she'll find her stay..." he glanced at the items being placed in bags with an evil glint in his eye that sent a shiver of unease through Gina, "comfortable." Gina quickly finished ringing him up and handed him his receipt. She liked her men hot, but she had an unnerving suspicion that this one would leave her charred beyond recognition once he got through with her. She did not envy his guest one bit.

******

The air wooshed from her lungs as Peter threw her down on the bed. There was barely anytime to regain her breath before his hard body climbed over hers and recaptured her mouth in a bruising kiss.

"You taste so good," he crooned, pulling away from her mouth to run his lips from her neck down to her collarbone. Goosebumps followed his touch and Ada gasped, trying to regain at least a semblance of control. His hands were everywhere at once and it was becoming increasingly difficult to focus on anything but the burning that was spreading through her body. Her shirt was quickly pulled over her head and thrown across the room but the activity stopped suddenly after that. She forced her eyes open and looked up into the burning face of her best friend. He stared down at her with a hunger that caused her to swallow hard. His eyes were glued to the delicate swell of her breasts encased in black lace and silk. His hands hovered near her sides, shaking slightly.

"Peter?" she was growing concerned. Had he changed his mind? The desperation and doubt in her voice cause his eyes to meet hers and he smiled wickedly.

"I'm am far from being down with you, love. I just had to take a moment to really look at you. You are the most beautiful creature I've ever seen." The conviction in his tone sent pleasant shivers down her spine. His hands ran down her sides and gripped her hips tightly before moving to unbutton her jeans and pull them down her long legs. "Absolutely stunning. I can't believe I've waited so long for this." He descended on her again, this time capturing a taught nipple through a layer of lace. The moan that issued from Ada's mouth was ripped straight from her soul; there was nothing she could remember that had ever felt even half as divine as Peter's mouth. Her back arched as he began to pull away, trying desperately to follow the warmth of his lips and tongue. She was rewarded when he pushed the cup of her bra to the side and engulfed her nipple once more without the fabric in the way. A sharp nip of his teeth caused her to yelp before he laved the pain away with long sweeps of his wicked tongue.

Her hands fed through his short hair and she held on as best as she could. The world was spinning and she still couldn't seem to catch her breath. She didn't even realize that she was grinding her pelvis against the hardness lying against her until Peter growled and glared down at her, pinning her hips to the bed. She whimpered in need and any frustration Peter had been feeling at being pushed too fast evaporated against the heated look in Ada's eyes. He groaned.

"I'm trying to take my time and be gentle, Ada. I want this to be good for you. I don't want to hurt you."

"Be gentle next time," she panted, trying desperately to move against him. "I need you now, I need to feel you now!"

Peter could feel his control slip. He was like a man dying of thirst and Ada was the coolest, purest spring in existence lying right in front of him, he couldn't hold back any longer. He ripped her panties down her legs and pulled her closer to the edge of the bed. Grabbing her hips he lifted her up and lined himself up with her glistening opening. The keening moan that left her mouth at the feel of his hardness caressing her slit had Peter gripping her all the tighter. With one hand he worked his shaft up and down her dripping slit, coating himself easily. The sensation of his heat against her core was nearly enough to send her spiraling over the edge. She forced her eyes open again and looked up into Peter's. It seemed to be what he was waiting for because without preamble he pushed forward quickly, engulfing himself in her tight folds. Ada groaned loudly.

"You're so tight," he ground out between clenched teeth. "Are you ok?" he asked, still trying his hardest to ensure her comfort.

"Fuck me, Peter." she demanded breathlessly. He growled at her words and grinned darkly, all thoughts of restraint gone. He pulled back and slammed in again, seating himself fully in the woman below him. The friction of his cock sliding roughly inside her was too much. When he pushed in a second time she shattered; screaming his name. Her muscles contracted tightly around his hard shaft and he struggled not to end this too early. Holding still he lowered her hips back onto the bed and lowered himself on top of the one woman other than his sister who had managed to find a stronghold in his heart. He stroked her face gently as she came back down and smiled at the dreamy look on her face. With her muscles still shuddering around him be began to move again, slower this time, gentler.

She picked up the rhythm quickly, matching him thrust for thrust, urging him with her body to pick up the pace once more. His own body responded on a primal level and he soon found himself pounding inside her at a ruthless pace, desperate to reach his own completion. Her hands stroked his back and her nails raked his heated skin. One particularly deep thrust caused her muscles to squeeze tightly and her nails dug deep. The heady mix of pain and pleasure ended his torment and he erupted deep inside her quivering core. The feel of his release was all Ada needed to join him in bliss.

Peter fell to the bed and rolled, pulling Ada around so she fit snugly against his chest. As their breathing evened out the pull of sleep began to inch forward.

"I'm sorry if that was too fast, I'll make it better next time," he vowed softly, kissing her bare shoulder tenderly.

"It can get better?" she asked, clearly stunned which cause Peter to laugh.

"So much better," he answered as his laughter died down, "I'll have to prove it to you later though, right now I just want to sleep with you beside me."

"I think that can be arranged."

***** "Thank you for a wonderful night," Galen said while Braedan walked her to her door.

"Any night is wonderful when I'm with you," he responded which caused her to blush, again. She would have snorted if the comment had come from anyone else but she could feel his sincerity through their bond.

"You're going to have to stop being so perfect at some point," she said, "I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop but so far nothing."

Braedan chuckled and gave her a quick kiss.

"You haven't met my family yet," he laughed, "I'm sure they would love to tell you just how not perfect I am."

"Well they would obviously be wrong."

He chuckled again pulled her into a hug.

"Would you like to do something tomorrow?" he asked.

"What do you have in mind?"

"I was hoping you'd have an idea, you haven't had a chance to see much recently." Galen thought for a moment and smiled.

"Is there a college near by? Could we maybe visit the campus, check out their teaching program?"

"I'm glad to see you so excited about this. There are a few colleges around, I think there's a private school downtown that is said to have a wonderful teaching program. We can start there?"

"That sounds perfect, thank you."

"Anything for you, beautiful. Anything." He leaned down and gently brushed her lips with his own before pulling back and looking into her face. The pout that became visible as he pulled away cause his eyes to sparkle with good humor. "If I go any further tonight, I can't promise I'd be able to keep my promise to your brother, and I'd much rather stay on his good side." Galen humphed but nodded, she knew he was right, even the slight contact sent warmth flooding through her body.

"I guess this is goodnight then?" she asked. Braedan nodded, clearly just as reluctant to end their evening as she was.

"I'll pick you up in the morning. How does nine o'clock sound?"

"Nine should be fine, I'll be waiting."

"Sleep tight, and sweet dreams," he said softly, cupping her face gently and bestowing on her one last kiss.

"I'll meet you there," she said.

She watched as Braedan got in his car and waved as he drove off before heading inside with a content sigh. It was still relatively early, just past ten so she was surprised at how quiet the house was.

"Peter?" she called but received no response. That was odd. She had expected her brother to be pacing the floor waiting for her to get home but he was nowhere in sight. As she climbed the stairs she heard a groan coming from his room and didn't stop to think. Was he hurt? Could she help him? "Peter...." her voice trailed off as she pushed open his bedroom door and she stood there in utter shock. The couple on the bed were obviously not injured in any way and so caught up in each other that they hadn't heard her arrival. Blushing five shades of scarlet she backed up as quietly as she could and closed the door. She couldn't decide on whether to be horrified at having walked in on her brother and her friend during such a private moment or to be happy that two of the people she cared for most were obviously very happy. But by the time she reached her own room she felt ecstatic. Both Peter and Ada did so much for her, sacrificed so much, she knew she could only feel joy for them. Things were getting better, she just knew it. She changed out of her dress and got ready for bed. She left a note under Peter's door to let him know about her plans in the morning in case she wasn't aware enough to get ready on her own. Still, she set her alarm clock and climbed into bed. And for the first time in nearly three years, she dreamed normal dreams.

*****

The sun pouring through her window woke her before the alarm could. She stretched and then shot up in bed, realizing she was still coherent. Giggles bubbled up and overflowed as the joy of the situation overtook her. She was awake, aware, and so incredibly happy. She looked at her clock, 7:53am, just a few minutes before her alarm would have woken her. With a wide smile on her face she quickly selected her clothes for the day and headed to the bathroom to shower. By the time she exited the steaming bathroom and made her way to the kitchen, Ada and Peter were there sipping coffee.

"Good morning!" Peter's smile grew at seeing his sister lucid yet again.

"Two mornings in a row. We might just have to keep this Kelly guy around."

"Oh stop," Ada shoved him playfully, she shared Peter's same smile at Galen's amazing progress.

"How did you sleep?" Galen asked, she looked between Peter and Ada and smiled knowingly. The color that came to Ada's cheeks was enough to cause more laughter to fill the room. "I'm really happy for you both," she said gently, hugging them both.

"So college shopping with the good doctor today, huh?" Peter asked; waving the note she'd left for him the night before.

"Yeh, he should be here in a few minutes. I think I'll grab something small to eat and wait outside for him."

"If you can wait a few minutes I'll walk out with you, I've gotta get to work," Ada said, gulping down the rest of her coffee. "Just let me grab my stuff." Galen nodded and rummaged through the cabinets until she found a granola bar and a banana. Peter got up and followed Ada back to his bedroom while Galen ate her meager breakfast.

"Can't you take the day off?" Peter had come up behind her as she gathered her jacket and purse, pulling her against him and running his hands up and down her toned body. With an audible sigh she melted into his embrace for a moment before forcing herself around to face him. She kissed him softly, brushing her lips lightly against his.

"Peter, I just started. I can't take days off in order to spend more time in bed with you; as much as I would love to." His face dropped for a moment before he schooled his expression.

"Well, then will you at least spend the night with me again?" Ada grinned.

"You couldn't keep me away. But now I really need to go, I'm going to be late."

Galen and Ada walked outside together. Peter watching from the doorway as the two women embraced. Galen said something that made Ada laugh loudly. Both women turned their gazes to Peter and laughed again at his hardened expression, he hated gossip.

"I'll see you both tonight," Ada called as she reached her car. The siblings both waved as she drove off.

"Are you sure you don't want to wait inside?" Peter asked. It was a chilly morning despite the bright sun and all his sister had on was a light jacket.

"I'm sure, I just want to soak in the sun for a few minutes. Braedan shouldn't be long."

"Alright, have a good time today, and here, take my cell, I should be home all day so call if you need anything, everything is programmed." Peter handed her his phone and she slid it into her purse with a smile.
