 *Author's note: I want to thank everyone for sticking with me, I know it's been a long time in coming and I hope you find the final chapter of Sorrow's Sieve satisfying. I apologize for any typos or mistakes, I've done my best to proof read and edit multiple times but it's hard to catch everything. Please vote and don't be afraid to leave comments, they encourage me to become a better writer. Happy New Years Everyone!*

*

She just stood there. He had come to get a better idea of the lay of her neighborhood and home when she had walked out of her house. Another woman accompanied her but she quickly left. She and her brother spoke for a moment and although he couldn't make out their words from where he was hidden, it appeared to be a goodbye. He watched her leave her house and walk around the yard for a few minutes. When he was sure her brother wasn't coming back out he decided to approach; this was an opportunity he couldn't pass up. 

He had come prepared just in case, and it appeared the case had indeed presented itself. He knew he had to be careful, if she heard or saw him she would scream and there was a chance her brother would hear and rush out to investigate. So he pulled a prepared syringe from his coat pocket, pocketed the cap and crept up on her. He watched her carefully for any sudden movements and what he saw brought a smile to his face. He watched her swoon suddenly; she was obviously not running at one hundred percent. She took a few steps toward the front door and he lengthened his steps to reach her before she could get there. 

But again he was surprised when her steps slowed and stopped, and then she turned. He was nearly on top of her when her eyes met his, there was a brief moment of recognition and fear that caused his blood to boil and then her eyes glazed over and her expression became blank. She just stood there. Confusion warred with his baser instincts but he quickly decided he couldn't take any chances. He'd already come this far. Stepping closer to her he carefully pulled her against his solid frame and she came without any resistance. He quickly pushed her hair to the side exposing her neck. The syringe sank in easily, the fast acting sedative moving through her system from her carotid artery. 

Throwing the needle into the nearby bushes he gripped the beautiful girl before him as her body was overcome with the affects of the drug. She sank into his embrace and he quickly pulled her after him to the side street where he'd parked his car. By the time they were halfway there he had to pull her into his arms as consciousness left her fully. He smiled darkly as he inhaled her clean scent and ran his hands up and down her shapely legs. Oh yes, this was going to be fun. 

*****

"Aina! Aina you must wake up!" 

"It's no use, Lupa. Whatever he gave her is strong. It will take more than you shaking and yelling to get her to wake up."

"It isn't fair, she is so close. How many hosts has she had now? A thousand? If I had known how difficult a time she would have I never would have agreed to this, Achus."

"Be patient, Lupa. She made the decision, not you or I. She knew it would be difficult. But she has found her symbolon now. He is her other half in every way, both for her spirit and for the body she inhabits. He will not let any harm come to her. They have been searching for each other for countless millennia and I think he is the catalyst that will finally help end this. Look around, look at what he has already helped accomplish. We have not been able to interact with her in nearly two thousand years, but here you sit cradling her in your arms and they have only been together for a handful of days. Have hope, sister."

"I will try, Achus. I hope for all our sakes you are correct. Aina is strong but I fear she cannot take much more. You and I were lucky and found our soul's counterpart early, they gave us strength to fight, Aina has not had such fortune. I just hope he is not too late."

***** Braedan felt uneasy. When he'd gone to bed it was with the knowledge that he would be seeing Galen soon. But when he woke up the next morning to light streaming through the windows and no memory of visiting Galen on the island the unease had set in. He tried to tell himself that this was a good thing. That perhaps when they banished so much pain she had been granted a reprieve for one night, maybe longer. But what if she had still gone and it was only he who could not find his way there? The knot of pain in the back of his mind had diminished as had his connection with Galen. He couldn't feel her and he didn't like it. 

He had slept in later than he normally did and realized that if he didn't hurry he would be late to pick her up. He rushed through his shower and breakfast and was on the road within twenty minutes and he was still going to be a few minutes late. He was stopped at a light about five minutes away when a wave of exhaustion hit him hard. A huge yawn escaped and he had to rub his eyes to clear his vision. Apparently he still needed to catch up on his sleep. They would definitely have to make a stop for coffee if he was going to make it through today. 

The smile that lit his face when he finally pulled up in front of her house was impossible to stop. Right through that door was a woman who had become his world in the span of three days. He knew he should be scared at how quickly his feelings had developed but everything just felt right. He hopped out of his truck and nearly skipped up to the door. When it didn't open right away at his knock he tried the doorbell. Perhaps she was still getting ready.

He was just about to pull out his phone and call inside when the door opened and Peter looked out with confusion clearly written across his face.

"Oh, hey Braedan, did Galen forget something?"

"Um, no. I'm here to pick her up, we're going to visit a few colleges today, didn't she tell you?" Peter straightened at this news and pushed passed Braedan to get a better look outside.

"She's not with you? She had been waiting outside for you to get here." Braedan's heart rate picked up.

"Galen!" both men called at once and listened for a response. They glanced at each other in worry.

"Do you have your cell on you? I let her borrow mine, give it a call, maybe she took a walk around the block." Peter desperately tried to believe his own words but there was a sinking feeling in his gut. Braedan quickly pulled out his phone and dialed. Both heads whipped around when the audible ring of a cell phone started around the house on the side street. Both men were off, rounding the edge of the building in barely a breath. What they found caused them to stumble to a halt. Peter bent down and scooped up Galen's purse, his cell phone ringing in the front pocket. 

Braedan tried to think but his fear was making it difficult. He couldn't feel her, but he had woken up like that. Had the feeling of unease he felt all morning been a warning? Dammit, if he'd only gotten there sooner! 

"When did she go outside?" Braedan asked her brother. Peter glanced at his watch and then up and down the street, as if willing Galen to appear.

"Ten, maybe fifteen minutes ago tops, she said she wanted to sit in the sun for a while."

"Alright so she can't have been gone all that long. Did you hear anything in the last few minutes before I got here?

"Nothing, my room is on the other side of the house and I was getting changed. That's why it took me so long to get to the door. We have to find her Braedan." Braedan could see the other man shaking with emotion and the tears that were threatening to fall made him swallow his own back. Clearing his throat he grabbed Peter's shoulder and looked him in the eye.

"We will find her, Peter. I promise you." Peter nodded and looked down to compose himself. "Look why don't you call Ada and I'll call the police. I'm not sure if there is anything they can do but it's a start." 

Both of them headed back to the front of the house, phones to their ears. Sure enough, although the police said they would send a unit out to get a statement there was nothing they could really do until 48 hours had passed. Galen was over twenty-one, there was no sign of a struggle, no evidence of a crime. She could have set her purse down and forgot about it before going for a walk. Ada was on her way. She had just made it to work but she promised that once she let Mr. Trent know what was going on she'd be heading in their direction. 

Braedan was pacing across the yard, trying to piece things together. Peter sat on the front stoop watching him. He didn't know what to say. His sister was gone and he felt like a complete failure. He shouldn't have left her alone, not when there was still so much they didn't know about her illness and recovery. He should have insisted she wait inside. He glanced up again at Braedan Kelly, following his movement as he wore a path into the lawn. When he reached the shrubs and turned Peter caught a glimpse of something under one of the bushes. It was just barely catching the morning light. He quickly stood and walked over, bending down to pick up the offending object. His hand stilled and he felt like his stomach was in his throat when he realized what was on the ground.

"Braedan," he choked out. The doctor was there in an instant. When he saw what was there he turned to Peter.

"Don't touch it, I'll be right back." Racing to his truck he grabbed a first aid kit he kept in the back seat and pulled on a pair of gloves. Lastly he grabbed a plastic bag and made his way back over to Peter. Gently he took the object into his own hand and looked at it carefully. The syringe was new, and as he flipped it over in his hand he read the hospital code for Maywood Park. A small amount of blood coated the tip. He thought back to his drive over and the sudden bout of exhaustion. His vision began to tunnel and he had to remind himself to breathe. He knew he was on the verge of panic and that would do Galen no good. 

"If I were to hazard a guess, I'd say there was a strong sedative in here. And as much as I hate to even think it, I have a feeling that bastard Daniels has Galen. This is from the hospital." He growled as he opened the plastic bag and slipped the needle inside. 

"How can you be so sure it was only a sedative?"

"Because I felt it when he injected her." Wide eyes met his and although Galen's brother tried to speak no words came out. Braedan wasn't sure how to explain. So far all Ada and Peter knew was that he and Galen shared the same dreams. That in itself was rather unbelievable but add to it their emotional connection and Braedan knew they were treading on a thin line between real life and fantasy. He was saved from explaining for a few more minutes when Ada pulled up with a screech and practically threw herself out of her car. She took one look at Peter and wrapped her arms around her friend. 

"We'll find her, Peter," she cooed gently, "it's ok." She looked up at Braedan, her expression clearly demanding an update.

"The police haven't arrived yet but I'm pretty sure Daniels has her." 

"Are you sure?" The steely resignation in her eyes made it clear to Braedan that she'd been thinking along similar lines. He lifted the bag that held the syringe.

"That is from the hospital and I sure as hell didn't bring it here." He glanced at Peter who had pulled himself out of Ada's grasp and was trying to compose himself. "I'm pretty sure I also felt it when she was injected with it." Ada's head tilted and her eyes narrowed for a moment before growing wide.

"I knew it! I knew there was something else going on the other day at the hospital. So what is it? Can you hear each other's thoughts or is it less concrete?" Now Braedan was the one surprised, she knew? He had expected skepticism at the very least but this over the top acceptance was almost too much.

"Less concrete," he explained. "It's more feelings than anything. That's how I knew when she was in trouble at the hospital. I was talking with my boss when I got this wave of fear and I just knew that it was coming from Galen. I was on my feet before I knew it and just followed that feeling until I found her."

"So what did you feel this morning?" Peter piped in. 

"The connection seems to fade with time and distance," he explained. "It seems to reasserts itself when we are together or when we're dreaming. But last night my dreams were just normal old dreams, I don't know why. So this morning I couldn't really feel anything. When I was driving over I got a strong wave of exhaustion but just thought it was my own catching up with me. But after seeing this," he motioned again to the discarded needle, "I'm pretty sure it wasn't my lethargy I was feeling."

"Can you still feel her?" Ada asked, hoping with everything in her that he could. The solemn shaking of his head had her holding in a curse.

"When she lost consciousness at the hospital I lost my connection to her. I'm assuming she's in an even deeper state now. Not to mention with how much time has passed since we were together the connection wouldn't be strong enough anyway, even if she were conscious."

"So why don't you just go to sleep and reboot the network?" Peter asked. "From what you've described it seems that if you can meet her in a dream everything will reset, right? And if that happens then hopefully you will be able to tell where she is and we can go and get her."

"It's worth a shot but she would still have to be physically conscious when I woke up for me to be able to feel a direction."

"It might be our only chance, Braedan," Ada added. "If Daniels does have her, there is no way in hell we are leaving her there any longer than necessary." 

Braedan swallowed past a large lump in his throat. Each mention of Daniels sent a chill through is body. He had to focus but it wasn't easy to do. Galen was in the possession of a man who didn't just lust after her but probably held a lot of resentment once the charges were filed against him. 

"You're right, I'm just not sure how I'll be able to sleep with all of this going on." He ran his hands through his hair in frustration. "I don't think drugs are a good idea, I'm already afraid that whatever Daniels gave Galen will make it so she's too far under to dream."

"Let's start with some chamomile tea, I know it sounds cliché but it can help with nerves, then I think we should set you up in her room. If you can surround yourself with her things maybe reaching her will be easier." They both glanced at Peter as if seeking his permission.

"Do whatever you need to. If you have to put on her clothes to make this work just do it. I want my sister back." Braedan nodded and headed toward the house. "Go with him, love," he said more gently to Ada. "I'll wait out here for the police, see if we can get anything started on that front. I'll be in as soon as they leave." Ada cupped his face in her hands. She kissed him gently before resting her forehead against his and sighing.

"I am so sorry, Peter," she said softly, trying to keep her tears at bay. Truth to tell she was terrified. She loved Galen like a sister and she was beginning to feel sick thinking about what Daniels wanted with her. She had always been a very empathetic person and the pain and fear and guilt that she saw in Peter's eyes forced her to square her shoulders and blink back tears. Peter had it much worse than she did, she would help him get through this, but right now she could tell that he wanted to be alone. "I'll be inside if you need me," she said with more strength than she felt. Turning from him she followed Braedan inside. 

Braedan sat at the kitchen counter, looking out the window with glazed eyes. The bright sunshine was a stark contrast to the storm raging inside him. He couldn't figure out what was stronger, his fear or his anger. They were playing a tug-of-war with his emotions which he was finding very difficult to control. He barely listened as Ada shuffled around the kitchen behind him and so he jumped a little when her hand came down on his arm.

"Sorry for startling you, but your tea is ready," she said. He glanced at the clock on the wall, 9:34. Just a little over thirty minutes that she had been missing. He picked up the cup and took a sip, desperate for it to help. It was cool enough that he was able to finish it in a few minutes.

"Which room is Galen's?" he asked, already heading up the stairs.

"First on the right."

Braedan stopped in her doorway drawing a deep breath. When he pushed the door open he couldn't help the small smile that crept to his face. A queen size bed took up one corner of the room covered in a beautiful sheer silver canopy. The bedspread was a deep green that matched perfectly with the rest of the room. He felt like he had just stepped into an enchanted forest. The walls were painted to look as if you stood in a forest glade, many shades of green and brown made up the pictures. The carpet was a moss green and nearly as springy as the real thing. In one corner an actual tree sat, or at least part of one. It stretched from floor to ceiling and the limbs had been shaped into shelves where books and pictures were held. The ceiling was easily the most beautiful part of the room. When the light was flipped on hidden lights came to life around the ceiling's edge, casting a light glow that highlighted the changing of color that happens to the sky at twilight. The center light was nearly flat against the ceiling and shaped like the full moon. 

"She always loved fairytales." Ada said softly from behind him. He spun around and saw the same smile on her face. "Peter has always been the indulgent big brother and doesn't spare a thought to cost when it comes to Galen. He had a team come in before they moved down to finish her room. He had hoped it would help her find her way back."

"I have no doubt that it has played a part," he said honestly. "This is Galen," he said softly. "This room is perfect." The sincerity in his voice gave Ada a little hope. If this room helped him connect to Galen, then they had a chance. She watched the tall man push the canopy aside and run a hand along the bed. Taking a deep breath another smile tugged the corners of his mouth. He turned back to Ada and the fire in his eyes was impossible to miss. "This will work, Ada, I can feel myself being pulled there even now. I'll be back as soon as I can." And with that he laid himself down on the bed and closed his eyes. Within moments his breathing evened out and his body relaxed into the soft mattress. Now all they could do was wait. 

*****

The lapping of water on a shore was the first thing that came into focus. Forcing his eyes open he found that he was looking up at a stark night sky. A light breeze danced over his skin and he felt comforted. He pushed himself up sighing with relief to see the familiar gray of the island. Standing, he looked around and quickly focused with surprise on three figures. Galen's form lay sprawled on the same smoothed out rock she usually lounged on but her head lay cradled in the lap of a beautiful woman. The third figure was nearly identical in appearance to the one who held Galen but she stood over the other two, looking at them with worry etched across her brow. At his first step forward her head shot up and she focused eyes the same piercing blue as Galen's on him. The relieved look that lit her face caused him to stop his approach.

"Please, come to her, Braedan. We don't have much time." Her voice was low and sensual, carrying across the space between them. His feet moved forward at her command and before he knew it he was kneeling beside his love. Perhaps it was because of all of the other unexplainable things happening lately but it didn't even cross his mind to ask how she knew his name. 

"We have no time to explain everything to you now, symbolon," the one holding Galen said. When he looked up at her he was unsurprised now to see two very similar eyes looking back at him. "Just know that we are here to help. You are the only one who she will respond to, you must wake her. You must find her." The pleading in her voice had Braedan reaching for Galen and pulling her into his own arms. 
