 "Dr. Kelly, can I see you in my office for a moment?" 

Braedan turned at the question and recognized the hospital director, Sandra Christiansen and nodded.

"I'll finish up here and be there in a moment," he replied. He gathered the last few items and deposited them in the appropriate receptacles and removed his gloves. When they arrived at the hospital he had helped the limping Galen through the doors and informed the head nurse on duty that he would see to her on his own. She informed him that exam 11 was open and they made their way there. 

When the group had arrived at the barn, Peter had tried again to apologize and Galen grudgingly accepted. She surprised him, however when she told him she would like to go to the hospital alone. Braedan wasn't sure he had ever seen a grown man throw a tantrum like the one Peter had. He was enraged that she didn't want him there, and after all he had done for her. Galen maintained her calm demeanor through his tirade, though Braedan could feel her agitation as it continued. Once Peter had his say she calmly explained that it was because he was always there for her that she wished to go on her own.

"Peter, I'm not so helpless anymore. I'm awake. Of course we don't know how long this might last but I need a chance to feel like a normal twenty three year old with her own problems. I love you, but I want a chance to grow up." 

Peter grumbled some more but he had lost most of his steam. 

"How will you get home?" he asked, looking dangerously at Braedan all the while. Galen easily saw the direction of his glare and smiled. Feeling rather rebellious she said the one thing she knew Peter would hate.

"I'm sure Braedan would be kind enough to drive me home, would that be alright, Braedan?" The smirk that crossed Braedan's face could not be hidden as he politely agreed. Peter had obviously not been happy at all but there wasn't much he could do. He did not want to push Galen away when he had only just gotten her back. Ada had sighed heavily and gone after him when he stormed off toward his car, casting an irritated glance in both of their directions. 

And so Braedan had driven Galen to the hospital and seen to her four stitches himself. At present she was in the nearest bathroom changing into a skirt from the extra clothes bin the hospital kept on site. Having finished his clean up he knocked softly on the restroom door.

"Yes?" He heard her say.

"Galen, it's me. I have to speak with the director, it shouldn't take long. When you finish up why don't you wait for me in the waiting room, okay?"

"Of course, I'll see you there. I'm just about done in here anyway." Braedan turned to leave but stopped when she continued. "And Braedan, thank you." He smiled and made his way to Mrs. Christiansen's office.

Unlike most hospital administrators, Sandra Christiansen kept two offices. She had the normal executive suite with classy furniture and a view to die for. But she also kept a small simple office on the third floor closer to the hustle and bustle of the everyday activity so she could make sure her staff was in good spirits and good health. She was well respected and did her job very well. 

Braedan knocked on her door and received an answering "Come in" from its occupant. 

"Have a seat, Dr." Mrs. Christiansen said cordially. Braedan took one of two seats positioned before her desk and looked at his supervisor. "Are you doing alright, Braedan?" she asked, leaning forward in her chair. "A request for a spur of the moment leave of absence normally involves something pretty serious. A few of your coworkers had mentioned you looking a lot more haggard lately and those observations, coupled with your request causes concern. You don't have to tell me anything, I just want you to know that we are all here for you if you need us." 

The care being shown was heartwarming and Braedan couldn't help but smile.

"I appreciate your concern, Mrs. Christiansen and I can tell you honestly that health wise, I'm perfectly fine. I needed this for more of a mental health break. Haggard is probably a correct description for how I've been feeling and I felt I would be more of a liability to you if I didn't get a few things straightened out in my personal life before I came back." 

"Well, I appreciate your honesty and thoughtfulness, it isn't like you don't deserve the time off, I can't remember the last time you took a day off," she chuckled. "And like I said if you need..."

The last of Mrs. Christiansen words did not register with Braedan. He swayed in his seat as a rush of fear and anger assaulted his mind. 

"Galen," he said unconsciously while rising to his feet and rushing for the door.

"Braedan?" Mrs. Christiansen called after him but he was out of her office before she could say more. She grabbed her phone and keys and raced after him. She didn't know what was going on but the look on his face was enough to get anyone to move. She saw him rush through the stairwell door and head down.

*****

Galen had left the small restroom a few minutes after Braedan stopped by. Despite her minor injuries she made her way to the waiting room with a smile on her face. She felt alive. She could still feel a knot of sorrow in the back of her mind but its power over her had diminished in Braedan's presence. There was no way to know what it all meant but she didn't care. As long as Braedan was there she instinctively knew she would be alright.

Glancing around her she realized she should have come to the waiting room by now. The halls were quiet and not being familiar with the hospital had gotten her turned around.

"Hello there," said a cool voice from behind her. Galen twirled around, her hair flying around. Leaning against one of the doorways she had just passed was a handsome young man, not much older than she was. He was tall and dressed in the pale blue of the hospital orderlies. She could easily tell he was used quite frequently for the heavy lifting that others couldn't handle. As she took him in he straightened and walked toward her. Galen gulped, nervous and not at all sure why. She took a step back. 

"Um, hi," she said uncertainly, glancing around cautiously but the hallway was deserted. The man noticed her uneasy glance and smirked.

"Why so nervous, sweetheart? You look a little lost; I thought you might like some company." He was right in front of her now and she took another step back.

"No, that is very kind of you but I'm meeting my friend in the waiting room, so if you'll excuse me," she turned quickly, trying to seem at ease. When a large hand grabbed her arm and pulled her back she squeaked in fear. 

"I'm sure your friend can wait," the large man said smoothly, backing Galen into an open door. She made to yell for help but he pulled her into his chest and deftly covered her mouth as he closed the door behind them. She was pushed roughly against the closest wall, her head cracking against the concrete. As stars danced in front of her eyes and her fear grew, the man began rubbing his straining erection against her. "Hasn't anyone told you it isn't smart for pretty girls to wander alone? There are dangerous people out there." 

Galen whimpered as he bent down and kissed her neck. When his hand began pulling up her skirt, anger grew along with her fear. Thrashing her head around she was able to work around his hand and bite down as hard as she could.

"Bitch!" he yelled and slammed her against the wall again, her head hitting harder this time. Instead of stars, darkness began closing in. As she slumped in the man's hold and began to slip into unconsciousness she felt a rush of rage pass through her body and heard a door leave its hinges. 

*****

Feeling Galen lose consciousness left Braedan feeling cold. He burst through the closed door he knew he would find her behind and didn't even stop to consider what was happening. His fist plowed into the orderly's surprised face and as the man fell to the ground and didn't get up, he bent over to gather Galen into his arms.

"Galen...Galen?" he prodded softly; gently brushing her hair from her face. "Wake up for me sweetheart, come on." He knew he sounded desperate and didn't care. He hated that he had failed yet again to protect the woman he loved. He buried his head in her hair and held onto her tight.

Mrs. Christiansen came in a moment later, slightly winded and stopped in shock. She saw the orderly Daniels on the floor, blood trickling from a clearly broken nose and Braedan cradling a young woman, trying to coax her to wake up. She was painfully sure she knew what had happened here; she had been keeping an eye on Daniels lately, having suspected his motives for working at the hospital were not all innocent. She had yet to have anyone come forward with accusations however, and without proof there was nothing she could do, until now. Above all, however, she wanted to know how Braedan had known something was amiss. 

Pulling her phone from her pocket she dialed security and had a team on their way in minutes. Her second call was to the nearest nurse's station to bring a gurney for the young woman. She walked further into the room and placed her hand on Braedan's shoulder. She was surprised to see tears in his eyes when he looked up at her. 

"Is she alright?" she asked quietly and was relieved when he nodded. 

"I bad knock to the head it seems, she probably has a mild concussion. I won't know much more until she comes around." Mrs. Christiansen nodded and turned as the security team walked in the door, perfect timing since Daniels was groaning and beginning to push himself up.

"Please escort Mr. Daniels to your office, restrain him if he becomes difficult. I will be contacting the police as soon as this young woman regains consciousness."

"Yes, ma'am" the first man said as they each grabbed one of Daniels's arms and hoisted him up. He went without a fight, but he glared back at Galen who was beginning to wake up.

"Galen, sweetheart." Bredan prodded "Can you hear me?"

"Braedan?" she said weakly, trying to pry her eyes open. Looking closely at Braedan's concerned face she forced herself to look around. "He's gone?" she asked with a shudder. 

"He's gone," Braedan answered gruffly. A small smile grew on her face.

"Is this where I throw my arms around you and say 'My hero'? in a high pitched princess voice?" 

"As wonderful as that sounds," he chuckled, "let's save that for after we get a look at that head of yours, you have quite a nice bump." Galen groaned.

"Peter is so going to kill me," she concluded.

"He may kill you, but I'm sure he'll castrate me. You haven't been in my charge for more than an hour and I can't keep you out of trouble." His face turned serious. "I would never forgive myself if I hadn't made it when I did, if he,"

"Shh," Galen silenced him with a hand over his mouth. "It's ok, there was no way you could have known, and you stopped him, that's all that matters." Braedan took the hand that was over his mouth and kissed it softly. 

"Braedan, the gurney is here, let's get your friend loaded up and have her looked at." Mrs. Christiansen said. She had been eyeing the couple carefully and was pretty sure that this woman in her doctor's arms had something, if not everything to do with his sudden leave of absence. 

"I can walk, Braedan. There is no need for this, I'm fine." Galen motioned to the rolling bed being brought into the room by two nurses.

"Why don't you stand up and let me be the judge on whether you're fine or not." Braedan chided, helping her to her feet. He released her to stand on her own but caught her as she swayed on her feet. "Now you see, that is not fine. Onto the bed with you, missy." 

"Fine," she grumbled and allowed Braedan to steer her to the bed. One of the nurses gently placed a cold compress to the back of her head and after a hiss of pain she sighed as the cool pack helped ease her burgeoning headache.

Mrs. Christiansen took Galen's statement while Braedan saw to her head. She contacted the police and informed Braedan that both he and Galen would need to remain there to give their official statements to the officer who came. 

"How did you find me, Braedan? I thought you had to speak with your boss." Galen asked when they were alone for a moment.

"I think I have to start back with when we were on the trail. When Turbo took off I think I felt your fear and your pain. When you hurt your cheek and your leg, it felt like it happened to me too." He looked at her closely, trying to gage her reaction. He didn't know how but he knew that whatever connection they shared, ran much deeper than he had first assumed.

"So, when Daniel's attacked me, you knew I was in trouble because I was afraid?" 

"I knew the moment you felt uneasy. When that unease turned to real fear I came to find you."

"That doesn't explain how you found me, this is a large building; I could have been anywhere."

"I just...knew?" Braedan thought about it for the first time. He had not questioned which way he had run, he just ran, knowing that Galen needed him. "I just knew," he said with more certainty. 

"I'm glad that you did." She took his hand and squeezed it lightly. "My hero," she joked.

Braedan squeezed her hand back and leaned in and kissed her on the forehead. Before he could pull back all the way, Galen caught his face in her hands and kissed him lightly on the lips. The slight contact was too much for Braedan's self control. He deepened the kiss, his tongue gently sweeping against her lips, seeking entrance, he moaned when she opened for him. His hands moved to her face and held her gently, his thumbs caressing her cheeks. When she sighed he pushed harder, wanting her to feel the same heat that suffused him because of her touch. The last push was a little too much for her tender head and her sounds of pleasure turned to a wince and a cry of pain; he pulled away, resting his forehead to hers.

"I'm sorry," he said breathlessly. 

"Don't ever apologize for kissing me like that," she scolded. "Or doing anything else," she added with a blush. Braedan grinned and leaned in and planted one more, slow kiss on her delectable mouth before pulling away. 

"As much as I hate to say this, we should probably call your brother and let him know what's going on." Braedan said.

"I hate that you said it too, but you're right," Galen said. "He deserves to know and waiting to tell him will only make it worse." Braedan fished his cell phone from his pocket and handed it to her. "What, you're not going to call?" she asked with humor. 

"He's your brother, not mine. I doubt he'd like to hear this story coming from me."

"Fine." She opened the phone and stared at the keys, Braedan could feel a great sadness coming from her, followed by growing agitation.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"I don't know his number." She looked into his face, emotions warring inside her for dominance. Anger won out. "I don't even know his fucking phone number!" She looked at Braedan with pleading eyes. "Why, Braedan? Why am I like this? What did I ever do to deserve this torture?" 

Braedan motioned for her to move over on the bed and he joined her, wrapping her in his warm embrace. He could feel the tumult of emotions coming from the woman beside him and wished he had an answer that would ease her suffering, but there was nothing he could say.

"I don't know. None of this should even be possible. But maybe you shouldn't be asking yourself what you did to deserve this burden, maybe see it as you were the only one worthy enough for such a job." She glared at him. "No, hear me out. I know you're in pain, I can feel it. I've seen it each night in my dreams what you have to go through and now I seem to be taking part in it, at least a little. I've seen you sing to diminish the sorrow in others' lives. You are a gift, Galen. I don't know what I have done to deserve to be part of your story, but I swear to you I will do everything I can to help you. I can't stand to see you hurting." 

Galen looked at him carefully. Her anger ebbed as she let herself feel more than her own emotions. What she found shocked her, but not nearly as much as it should have.

"You love me," she said. Braedan blushed crimson but held her gaze. He nodded.

"I think I've loved you since the first time you appeared in my dreams, but I only realized it myself over the past few weeks."

"Why the sudden revelation?" she questioned in a small voice.

"You saw me." Was his only answer.