 I sat at the bar just as I'd done so many nights before, hoping to find the girl of my dreams. Actually, by this time in the evening I was just hoping to find some girl who would go home with me. I was about half tanked and feeling morose, I had no business trying to meet women in a bar I was just too shy. Women wanted men who were confident, who knew what they wanted and then took it. I wanted to be a nice guy and we all know where nice guys finish. I had decided to just leave, alone again, and never come back, when someone sat down beside me. She had short black hair that curled around her pale white face. Her dark eyes flashed as she looked into mine. She had an aquiline nose, thin and yet long, her lips were large and unsmiling. I noticed she was not wearing makeup which I though unusual for women who hung out in bars. 

"Is this seat taken," she asked as she sat, I actually stuttered my answer of no, which made her smile. She picked up my hand and examined it,

"My name is Aloinia, no don't say anything, let me guess. I say your name is John, no Jack is that right?"

"Really my name is Paul but if you want you can call me Jack."

"Yes I bet I could," she murmured, "No Paul is fine, and it's a good name. Happy to meet you Paul, I've been watching you and you seem fascinating. I'd like to get to know you better, is there some place we can go to talk. If we could go to your home it would even be better."

When she stood, I noticed her all black jumpsuit, formfitting across her big chest and down to her firm hips. She offered me her arm and as I got off my stool I noticed that she had to be close to six feet tall and she towered over me. We walked out together while I told her I had taken a cab to the bar, she said that was fine and that we would take her car. Her car was an old muscle car from the sixties; I found out later it's called a GTO. Aloinia unlocked my door for me but it must have been stuck and I couldn't open it.

"Sometimes it does that here let me get it for you."

She grabbed the doorknob and gave it a yank and the door opened for her. As I got in, I couldn't help but think, 'Oh great not only is she taller and I am but she is stronger as well.' 

If I had been smart, I would have thought about what my grandmother always said about 'If it's too good to be true,' but that was the last thing on my mind. It wasn't intil later that I found I was glad I hadn't. I was nervous and tried to make conversation,

"So Aloinia that is an unusual name, just where are you from?"

My question just hung there, unanswered and then she turned on my street and parked at my apartment. She stopped the car and as she started to get out of her car she simply said, "Los Angeles." She had me so off guard that I didn't even think about how she knew where I lived until later when it was too late.

As I say, I am rather shy and awkward around women so I was pleased that Aloinia took the lead once we were in my place. She pushed me up against my door and began to kiss me passionately, her firm body up against mine. She then took my hand and led me to my couch where we sat for more kisses. My cock was already straining against my trousers when she grasped it firmly.

"Oh I like this you already have achieved a nice firm erection. Do you mind if I look at it?"

She didn't wait for my reply as she unzipped me and stuck her hand into my boxers.

"This won't do, I need to see the whole unit, stand up I wish to pull your pants down."

Slightly embarrassed I stood to allow her pull my clothes down. She picked up my cock and as she rolled it in her hand she said,

"You have good size, not too large and the testes look healthy. Can you tell me the volume of your sperm when you ejaculate?"

When I told her I had no idea, she suggested we measure it. She then began to masturbate me in earnest and I began to respond immediately. I swear I came in her hand in about three strokes. 

She took a small vial from her pocket and scooped my issue from her hand into it. When she held the vial to the light, I could see there were markings on the side to allow her to measure how much in the vial. She then took a small box like item from a different pocket; it had a recess in the center and the vial fit inside it. She pressed a few buttons on the side and after a few seconds, I heard a slight ping. She looked at a readout on the side and then shaking her head she looked up at me.

"That's a very low sperm count you have there Paul, I don't I'll be able to use you." 

When I asked her, just what the hell she was talking about she went on to tell me the most bizarre tale.

Aloinia said that she was from the future and men are all but extinct. Women rule the world and the few males left are impotent and sterile. After perfecting, a system for reproducing without male sperm the women started getting rid of males who were alive and avoiding births of any more. The problem was after a few centuries a flaw developed and it got worse with every generation. Finally, in the twenty-seventh century it became so prevalent that they started sending people back in time to collect male sperm in hopes of correcting the problems of the new offspring. 

At this point, I interrupted her,

"Does this mean you have never made love, I mean you have never fucked a man?" 

When she answered, no I said,

"Aren't you even the least bit curious of how it would feel? Do you realize it has been the driving force of all the animals for thousands of years?"

"It is funny you put it that way because I am curious, if for nothing else but scientific study."

"Well you're here in the twenty-first century and I say you should give it a try."

In one of the boldest moves of my adult life I reached over a pulled what resembled a zipper down the front of her jumpsuit. Aloinia looked at me strangely but said nothing, which only encouraged me to go farther. I instructed her to stand and when she did, I peeled her clothes from her leaving her naked, ready for my instructions. I led her to my bedroom where I gently pushed her on my bed. I climbed on top of her and positioned my cock at the entrance of her pussy.

"This may hurt just a little as I penetrate your hymen..."

"What, no, don't worry about that, they take that when you're born, just hurry I want to feel this."

I did as instructed and just plunged myself inside her. Her eyes shot open,

"Oh my god, oh my god, what is that feeling, oh don't stop please don't stop."

I was now glad that Aloinia had jacked me off earlier so that I would last longer. I held her arms down over her head and as I looked into those dark eyes of hers, I began my assault in earnest. I began pumping ever faster and I could feel the heat of our bodies rising.

"What is happening to me, oh you must stop please I feel faint, oh god no, no please don't stop oh my, oh my oooh."

Her excitement was driving me into frenzy until I came as never before and my energy going as fast as I pumped deep inside her. I lay on top of her, spent exhausted and unable to even think of moving. 

"Paul what just happened to me, I've never felt anything so wonderful in my life."

"Aloinia, you just had an orgasm, don't tell me you've never had an orgasm before."

We lay together quietly for a long time in fact I think we must have dozed off all of a sudden she pushed me off her and jumped out of bed.

"It's late I'm going to miss my window if I don't go right now. Paul I had no idea how good all of this was, we don't do anything like this now. I have to go now but would it be all right if I came back to visit you from time to time. I promise I won't be any trouble but I need to have that feeling again."

Of course, I told her it was OK. As she was leaving, she threw me the keys to her car,

"Will you take care of My GTO while I'm gone, thanks you're a sweetheart."

She was then out the door and gone.

About two weeks later, there was a knock at my door and I opened it to find a large blonde standing there. Her attire and figure were identical to Aloinia but her looks were different. "Aloinia?" I asked, and the girl replied,

"No I'm Ilesha, Loinia's cousin; she couldn't come back because you made her with child. That's why I'm here can you do the same with me?"

I took her arm and as I led her to my bedroom, I told her,

"All I can do is try."