 Hopix was exhausted. She'd healed Alan for almost an hour, though she felt she'd barely given him the energy to recover. She laid her head down, she'd not felt this tired in over a thousand years. Alan had to fight this; he was far stronger than she thought. She fought the sleep for hours, accepting food once from a small friendly child who hugged Hopix, startling her. It was at that moment that Hopix felt the wonderful love and power that Alan had poured into her to heal her.

Leaning close the little girl whispered, "I am so glad that you both have come to help us, I was afraid when I first saw Mazey Alan, then he did something I've never seen a Mazey do." Hopix looked up suddenly more interested. "He started to cry when he saw all the hurts I had, I told him it didn't hurt that bad anymore, not to cry but he did even more. That's when I knew that he was a good Mazey, then his hands started to glow as my skin did, then the pain was gone!" Hopix could only nod in amazement when the little girl left.

The elder again was amazed another part was fulfilled but he'd seen things like this before he still had to be sure. Walking over to Hopix he nodded to her, "Please sleep young one, you'll be safe, no one will harm you here." Hopix looked into the elder's eyes then closed hers, though at first she had a hard time actually falling asleep.

Alan's head and arm were throbbing more than he thought they should be, and what a funny dream. He'd seen Hopix. Damn, he thought, don't know if I'll ever see her again the way things are going. Straining he tried to open his eyes. Crap, he was obviously hurt worse than he had at first thought. Finally, he managed to get one eye open. What the??? He was back in the sanctuary. The last thing he remembered he'd tried to flash into the place but only made it to the damn door. 

Then the biggest shock came when, after a few minutes, he managed to turn his head and caught sight of Hopix! Concentrating he could feel all his wounds, they were not far from killing him. Crap with what he could muster he first eliminated the infection, then almost all of the swelling. Not as far as he wanted to get but now at least it wouldn't kill him while he slept. Issuing a squeak like groan to Hopix, he tried to sit up but only caused his head to spin more damn! Finally unable to keep his eyes open he sank back into the welcome embrace of unconsciousness.

Hopix had felt him awaken then start the healing process, good all the infection was gone, then she felt him remove almost all the swelling. Damn it! He was still so weak! As he fell asleep Hopix could feel most of the tension his body had been fighting ease then fade. Good at least now he could sleep better, that in itself would help with his healing. Sighing she got up and started to add her energy to Alan, now at least she could remove some of the wounds. For another hour she slowly removed the burns on his arm and shoulder, though she only was able to heal half of it he wouldn't have to expend as much energy when he woke up again.

The Elder sat near both of his guests, sighing he hoped that all the signs he was getting were true. It had been so long since his people had been free or even felt free. Going over all the parts of the legend it was true they were only the second to make it this far, a better sign in itself, still he didn't want to mention anything. It wouldn't do to get his people's hope's up again just to have them crushed by another charlatan. 

Neither Alan nor Hopix slept well, Alan kept replaying the battle with the last two, the ass kicking he got when they appeared. I'll never be caught off guard again, when I see her again, I guarantee next time we meet that bitch is dead! Hopix's dreams were no better seeing Alan getting hurt had cut her deeply she was supposed to watch over him. Hell lot of good that had done! Now there was a good chance he could die and she was so weak she couldn't do a damn thing!

Many of the people were also watching the woman who appeared to be one of them and the Mazey who had healed so many that had no hope of ever being whole again. Several hours later Alan jerked awake, though most of the pain was gone the stiffness was still there. Well at least my strength has returned he thought, sitting up there was a gasp from many there in the sanctuary, then it was Alan's turn to gasp, lying on a small pallet next to him was Hopix! 

Holy shit! He really hadn't imagined it! Groaning Alan sat up, crap, I can hardly move he thought, concentrating a moment Alan's hands began to glow though not as intense as before. Finally, after several minutes the stiffness started to fade, as did the weak feeling. Ah good, now he was starting to feel like his self. Standing though a little shaky he walked to Hopix a broad smile on his face.

"I thought I'd never see you again," he whispered. "I thought when I left it was the last time we'd ever be together, how did you get here?" he said more to himself than to anyone else.

"I visited the Trembly as you did; they also gave me a cube like yours." Hopix said snapping her eyes open, a huge smile on her face. God she was glad to see him awake and feeling better! "Alan you have to be more careful, just like you told the council you are the one thing that they all will unite together to fight. I was so... ," Hopix started.

"Yes I know Hopix, I've already changed my plan of attack, they might unite to fight me but I can feel that they won't stay that way long. Besides with two of them out of the picture, I'm sure they are about to start fighting over those two areas." Alan told her. "Right now I have to figure a way to defeat them. Like you said I start taking them out, yes they are going to combine forces then we'll really be in trouble."

Hopix herself had been thinking on the problem, "Alan you do realize that the more of the people you release from them the weaker they get."

"Yes, but on this world there are far more people than there were on your planet. Plus the fact that there are right more of them gunning for me." Alan stopped the look of confusion on Hopix's face almost had him laughing.

"Gunning for you?" She said.

"Oh, sorry it is an expression on earth it means they are out to get me, to destroy or get rid of me." Alan explained.

Hopix just shook her head she was slowly starting to get some of the terms down; it seemed that the humans come up with more every thirty or forty of their years. It seemed to be almost madness trying to keep up with the different terms! Though he hadn't meant to, Alan still had to chuckle a little at the look on her face. When she looked at him startled, he again tried to hide it but she just stared at him with he hands on her hips a stern look on her face.

"Ok, ok I'm sorry, but you look so damn cute when you do that." Alan admitted still smiling. Though she herself was holding back a sly smile she did love to see him smile. Sighing she thought it was hard to stay mad at Alan for long. "I have to get back out there as soon as possible, but I seem to be at the end of my energy."

"You were injured far worse than you thought, I tried to heal you but your power has risen. You are to a point now that my healing of you takes far longer than you usually have the time for." Hopix said a little upset as she looked lovingly at Alan.

Alan and Hopix spent the rest of the day doing what they could for all those there. Many had never been to themselves and were finding it difficult to cope without the voices in their head. Hours later Alan was finally starting to feel more like his self. 

The elder stepped up to talk to Alan drawing him to a private area to talk to both of them. "Great Mazey Alan, we have heard that you defeated two of the evil Mazey's, though this is good for right now, we must act quickly. Though there are less of them they still control a great many of the people here, please Mazey Alan free them."

Rising from the sanctuary Alan reached out feeling for the bird woman 'til he found her, this one he thought, I will take care of first. She was the first to block me, never again! Slowly Alan and Hopix made their way across the land healing it as they went, finally they stood outside a huge dark crystalline appearing building.

"So I see that you have more to you than I thought, come and get me!" she screamed.

"I've got a better idea," Alan said. Reaching out Alan aimed and blew a section of the building loose. "Bring your ass out here before I level this piece of crap!" Alan yelled as he took another section of the building.

Alan could feel her long before she appeared, behind him a female voice stated, "The name is Thara, unfortunately for you it is the last you will hear!" A high wind rose threating to blow everything away, Alan yawned and waved his hand behind him.

Smiling he heard the choking start, "I have to thank you bitch! I am now more than ready to take you all down; thanks to you I won't be surprised again." Extending his arm Alan caught the black cloud creature ripping it apart amid horrible inhuman screaming.

The look of surprise and fear apparent on her face Thara tried to flash out but found she was held much too tightly to escape. "You bastard! What gives you the right to interfere? This is our planet you son of a bitch!" Thara was screaming.

Alan reached in and began to strip all her powers away, each producing a deafening scream from her. Alan had almost finished when he felt another presence, throwing up another shield, the dark twisted human was firing electric bolts at him.

Smiling Alan thought hmmm, this one is actually smart. Dividing his attention between the two should have been harder than it was but as Alan found it was not even a chore. With a final tug Alan ripped the last of her magical abilities loose. Freezing her, Alan turned his attention to the last of the three.

"So, an actual woman this time, at least you have more brains than the others, a shame it won't do you much good!" Alan sneered.

"As if a lap dog man of the white council could defeat me!" The twisted human yelled. With that, she started in on a renewed campaign of fireballs (again!) electric bolts, and water waves.

"Face it bitch! You're far too weak; you're going to die for nothing!" Alan was shouting as he began to press forward with increasing strength. "Come on give up! You want to be a useless non-magic user like Thara? Yes, I took all of her power! You're next!"

The human screamed and started to press back against Alan. Surprising him a moment, she actually backed him back up a few steps 'til he felt her start to falter. Dam it! Why doesn't she give up! Ah! I see! From well behind him a new threat appeared, freezing the now startled dark twisted human, Alan turned to face the new threat.

Hopix had remained hidden the whole time scanning the area for any other threats, several of the bolts and fireballs had gotten close but nothing she couldn't handle. The appearance of the fourth Mazey had her worried a bit though, Alan had defeated two of the three that still left too many out there as of yet.

Alan could feel that this one was far different than the others he'd faced so far. "Hello Alan, you sorry piece of shit, tsk, tsk, I see you've been busy. One almost dead, one actually dead, two stripped of their powers, the last frozen, might as well as be dead." Here this newest addition, a short, wart covered, green skinned being snapped its fingers, the twisted human screamed as its soul was ripped from it and quickly devoured by this newest addition. 

"HMMM that's five; one of them was stronger than most of us, too bad he was so damn stupid!" Here the wart being laughed and opened its arms. "I am not here to battle you, though if I must, I will welcome an actual challenge, no I am here to offer you a deal. We'll let you go. You can take all that you have freed with you, and we get the rest, seems fair enough, no?"

"I've got a far better deal for you, one that you should take now; this will be the only time I offer it." Alan said in even calm tones though he felt that any minute the misshapen creature before him would soon be trying to destroy him.

"A far better deal, huh, pray do tell." the being said. 

"You and the rest of your cronies can leave the planet with the few that want to be with you. I don't destroy you or them and everyone is alive. See? A far better deal than the other one I have to offer you and them." Alan said startling to clench his teeth.

"Uh huh," the being said starting to tense up. "And that would be?"

"I hunt you all down and either strip you all of your powers or I just kill you." Alan spit out.

"You can freaking try." The wart being said as it tried to freeze Alan, hmmm that was different. Bouncing it back the other easily dodged. "I'd have thought better of you," it was at that moment that the other felt the blood starting to ooze from the cut on its side.

Waving a hand it flashed out, damn it, Alan thought, I'd have gotten five of them today! Reaching out Alan started to clear every Fairixie he felt, he'd done well over a thousand when a booming voice sounded.

"You have freed many but you'll never free all of them, Alan. These are our slaves, they will never all be free." The voice said.

"As I told the last one that was the only time, I would offer the deal that I did. Since he is hurt he won't be that much good to you now, there might as well be only three of you, and hell one of you is so weak I'm not sure they are worth the effort to defeat. Don't worry though, for the many atrocities you have done to these people you will be punished!" Alan yelled.

The voice laughed, "if you were more seasoned I might be worried, but you are nothing, no experience, no killer instinct, HA no real power!" A huge bolt struck Alan's shield. Alan immediately sent on back the same way. A startled gasp let him know that he had found his mark. "AH! I see an actual challenge! I welcome you, you may have the areas of the dead and beaten ones."

Alan reached out and started to release every Fairixie he found. He was well over five thousand when Hopix noticed a dark cloud moving on the horizon. "Uh, Alan I think we've got trouble," she told him keeping an eye on the advancing darkness.

"It'll be alright," he told her, "those are the ones I have freed so far, and almost half of the planet is ours now."

Reaching out Alan searched the city in front of him taking all the traps and killing devices, he felt hidden all over the city. There, he thought, at least they would have a safe place for now. Almost five minutes later, the huge crowd of freed Fairixies started to bow to Alan.

"Stop!" He yelled cringing when he saw almost all of the beings start to shake. In a much calmer voice Alan started again, "My name is Alan, I am not a god, I will not make you do anything you do not want you. You are free of those that had enslaved you. This city has been cleared of everything that would hurt you, please use it." Alan turned and started to walk away,

"Alan we're being followed." Hopix said

Alan stopped and turned to see several of the tiny beings following him and Hopix. "Can I help you further?" He asked.

"We are confused, mast ... Mazey Alan. You don't want us to do anything for you?" Several asked.

Thinking a moment Alan couldn't see a clear way out of this, then just as suddenly an idea formed in his head. "The only thing I can think of right now is I want you to live. Live as well and good as you can, be the best that you can be. This is Hopix. She is from the planet you all came from, talk with her. Please be well, I have to defeat the last four of the bad Mazeys. Then this planet can truly be free of the dark council." Alan explained.

Hopix shook a bit when all the eyes turned toward her. Alan kept walking he felt the one who'd gotten away not far away, huh he thought so they can't either when they are hurt. Concentrating Alan could begin to clearly see where he was, flashing out next to him Alan could see that he was close to death, he'd been bleeding for a bit. Shaking his head Alan thought the idiot could have been spared all this pain and death. Grabbing the wart creature by the throat Alan made a slashing motion and the creature was dead.

"Damn shame, you could still be alive, you idiot. All you had to have done was take the deal." Alan said to the rapidly stiffening corpse. Flashing out Alan was back with Hopix it seemed that she had finished and the Fairixies that had been with her were happily winging their way back to the rest.

They as the rest soon learned that Alan had spoken the truth and the city was safe, there was clean water, air and food. The Elders were all weeping the prophecy was finally starting to come true. Though many of the young didn't understand the concept of freedom, they all knew that it was a great feeling.

Appearing in the sanctuary again Alan and Hopix started to explain about the city that Alan had cleared for them. Again, the elders here wept many had been here for a long time and had longed for the comfort of the city again. Alan moved all of them to the city as soon as they were ready. Alan had well over half the planet clear now thought, the council still hadn't appeared. 

They must have far more of the Fairixies within their territories than I had at first thought. Alan estimated that he'd freed somewhere in the neighborhood of over seven thousand of the beings, though that number continued to grow every few minutes. Reaching out Alan went beyond the boundaries of the remaining three; sure enough, he could feel tens of thousands still enslaved to them.

"I think it's about time I ended this." Alan said to Hopix. 

"Yes I agree but Alan you haven't rested or recharged, you nee... ," Hopix started.

"What I need is to finish these three off so I can free the rest of the people. I can feel their pain Hopix for the first time I can feel it. Plus the fact that we haven't found your brother yet, I promised I would find him and I will." Alan told Hopix as they started out the front of the city. As soon as they exited there was a harsh wind, then the same lizard being that Alan had beaten twice before flashed in.

"Hello asshole! I do hope you remember me, it is going to be so sweet when I break you and take your little whore!" The Lizard spit out, "I await your appearance I can't wait to crush you under my feet, and then I'll have your little whore's power to make me the strongest! So hurry up I'm anxious!"

"If you are that anxious, then come to me," Alan replied. 

"Oh no, this is on MY terms this time, Mine!" with that the lizard man was gone.

Wonderful, Alan thought, a damn target again. Bad enough he knew where it was coming from, but now who also.