 It had really been a bad day for Alan, his wife had kicked his ass out of the house, literally kicked his ass as he was leaving slamming the door in his face. Only an hour before that, he received a call that his job had laid him off. The fact that he'd gotten most of the money from the bank account was about the only good thing had happened so far this day. 

Trudging down the street, he'd already tried the few friends he had to see if he could stay with them for a few days, each had no time for him or space or hell just laughed at him. Well so much for those three friends, sighing Alan headed toward the cheap section of town might as well get a cheap room for a few days. He just hoped he could find another job soon, starving wasn't something he really wanted to try.

Checking in Alan made his way to the room, damn he was tired, and the bitch had really drained him of energy with this last fight. Laying down sleep took him almost as fast as his head hit the pillow something that just didn't happen to him the last few months. Usually Alan didn't dream, he thought it had something to do with stress he wasn't sure, this time though, almost as soon as his eyes were closed the dream started. 

He was floating, where he wasn't sure, it was warm, it was peaceful something Alan wasn't accustomed to, in fact it was too comfortable. Then just as suddenly he was standing on the ground, well he thought it was ground he wasn't sure it had a yellowish tint to it like sand but this felt like he was standing on a sponge.

Wait Alan thought this is a dream I shouldn't be able to feel and...? What was that god awful smell? Covering his nose as best he could Alan stepped forward almost sinking into the soft ... ground? Fuck this shit he thought, this should be solid when I walk on it, rising he was now on top of the ground. Huh? What the hell just happened? Walking for a few minutes almost choking, Alan thought the air was so putrid it needed to clear up so he could breathe better and like before the air was suddenly clean, clear and sweet smelling.

Ok, what the hell is going on? A noise drew him to a clump of small purple ... ugh he guessed bushes, on the other side, what could only be describe as a spiked black ball with eyes, was flinging an energy whip like weapon at a group of docile, pink, slug like creatures. The thing was these pink creatures had six legs and almost human like faces. Alan was about to turn and leave when he heard a single word in his mind, help!

The thought had been tinged with pain and suffering of a type Alan couldn't even begin to imagine. Turning back Alan was starting to get angry, stepping through the bushes, 

Alan faced the spiked ball which had stopped its whipping, you have to imagine Alan was 6' 2", the spike ball was almost as tall and about four feet across. Alan heard it think at him [who are you? It is a crime to interfere in the emperor's business.]

Alan could almost feel venom from the thoughts. [I know not of who this emperor is but you won't hurt them any more], Alan thought.

[Ah a Slimtori lover huh?] the ball thought, raising the whip it was about to strike, when 

Alan he held up his hand, the ball froze then shook, [NO! not a Trictatori! I beg your forgiveness lord! I was only following orders! I beseech you not to kill this unworthy soul!]

Alan was a little unsettled and didn't move, in a flash the spike ball drew back the whip aiming for Alan. 

What happened next was talked about for days among the Slimtori, as the whip traveled toward Alan it suddenly stopped and reversed course striking the spike ball, the screams Alan 'heard' almost brought a smile to his face. The whip repeatedly struck the spiked ball till there were no longer any sounds or thoughts from it, then the black shell cracked and an odd purple fluid began to slowly ooze from it. 

Alan couldn't feel any remorse about it; he'd given it a chance, strange thing though, he thought only moments before if the ball attacked he hoped that the whip beat the creature to death. The largest of the pink creatures slowly walked over to Alan bowing it thought to him, [we wish to thank you great Trictatori, you intervention has saved all our lives he was about to beat us all to death.]

[Why didn't you fight back? You are many he was but one it would have been simple for you all to overpower him, uh it] Alan thought stumbling over his words.

The pink Slimtori looked at Alan with a strange look, [Fight? what is this fight? we know nothing of this, we are story tellers and record keepers, the emperor is rounding all of my race up to extinguish us.]

[If you don't fight or even know what it is then what harm could you be to him?] Alan asked curious now.

[As I have said we are record keepers, centins ago there was a bold seer who foresaw the defeat of the emperor by a strange and extremely powerful Trictatori, so powerful in fact that he could exist in two planes at the same time. It was said that though not as powerful in the dream and spirit plane he was still a force too powerful to be defeated by normal means.]

[I am new here what is a Trictatori? I do not recognize that word.] Alan asked feeling a little stupid.

[A Trictatori is you, one who can manipulate the air, fire, water, make things they need from other things.] The large Slimtori said.

Alan thought a moment it sounded like they were talking about the Sorcerers and Wizards of old but ... he wasn't ... he couldn't ... Thinking a moment he knew that the Slimtori were starving almost on the brink of passing out, waving his arm he thought of a feast for those there, all their favorite food, poof it was there. All the Slimtori bowed low as they went to eat.

Ok, this shit was getting weird, walking to the large Slimtori he asked if there was a safe place they could go to, [yes, but it is so far away, I am sure even with this food most of us wouldn't make it], it sadly thought.

[I can get you there when you are finished, I will take you there, ] Alan thought.

[You are Trictatori, why would you help lowly creatures like us?] It asked confusion in its thoughts.

[It is the way I am, alright?] the Slimtori just nodded and went back to eating.

After they had all been transferred, Alan looked around the thick walled building there was a lot of destruction, waving his hands the walls were like new, better even, as Alan had strengthened them over a thousand times stronger. Almost all the Slimtori were amazed having never seen a Trictatori this close.

Alan was about to go, he'd felt a tug every hour for some time now and knew he was about to wake up.

Damn this was a sweet dream, just for fun since none of this was really real, he told all the Slimtori that if they had need of him again just call him. When they asked what his name was he responded Alan, there was a collective gasp in all the thoughts he heard. Then he heard them all say A-la-n just as he was pulled back then awoke to the phone ringing.

Damn that was a sweet dream! Shit with powers like those he could do so much damn good in the world but not in this world, good shit never happened here. Setting out, he starting looking for another job stopping in any where they might hire him. Sighing he headed back to his room a lot of prospects but nothing solid yet.

Tried beyond belief, Alan hit the shower almost falling asleep in it, laying down again he was out as soon as he hit the pillow. Just like the night before he landed in almost the same spot, the sound of many feet drew his attention that and the sound of several whips again. Not even needing to look, his anger grew, stepping through the bushes again he saw that the visitors were examining the body of the ball creature. The visitors included a few more of the spike ball creatures, a few creatures that looked like a cucumber with hair, ten legs and four eyes, above all these was a two legged almost rat like creature hairless and whiskerless.

[You! Did you see what happened here?] one of the cucumbers demanded, a scowl on it's almost face.

Alan just stood there his arms crossed; the rat creature glanced his way and immediately flicked her whip at the cucumber creature.

[Your Majesty we cannot allow such... ] it started.

[You will shut your mouth and pay respect to the Trictatori.] The rat like leader's thoughts almost seemed like a shout. Suddenly all the creatures were on guard, though many were also shaking.

[This useless creature attempted to use his whip on me, a bad mistake]. Alan thought with force looking at all twenty of the guards with the rat creature. He'd missed the walking snake creatures plus more of the pink Slimtori he'd met the day before.

[You will speak with respect to the daughter of the emperor, you sho... ] the cucumber creature began to gag and choke then it spilt into four parts its grey body fluids spewing everywhere. All ten of the snake creatures attacked chanting and spitting, Alan pushed all that they sent back at them, each screaming as it died. The spike balls were the next to die, they tried to roll over Alan who just moved, motioning his hand down upon his other hand all the spike balls were at once flattened, crushed beyond recognition.

[Now then if you are through playing release the Slimtori NOW! Or the next one I crush will be you and there is nothing that they can do.] Alan said to the emperor's daughter indicating what was left of her guards. [I suggest that you go home and don't return to this area again, it is under my protection and believe me I won't hesitate to kill ALL that come here!] The last Alan said as he made a choking motion with his hand and the Princess was choking unable to catch her breath. [I hope we understand each other.]

The Princess threw dagger like looks at Alan, sucking in air as soon as Alan released her. [This is not over you may be powerful but no one can withstand the entire army.] Turning his back to her the Princess started to choke again the last of her guards all rushed Alan, waving his hand time slowed as Alan walked up to each and to the Princess's horror he split then re split each of her last guards. Walking right up to her he looked straight into her eyes, [that was the last warning, ] walking to the Slimtori, he released them then the Princess, [remember, ] Alan thought to her as he whisked the Slimtori away.

The Slimtori were thanking him again, those from before were happy to see old friends they hadn't seen as they said deysims. They were all discussing what had happened most of those here knew different parts of the old seer's story. Alan had started to feel small twinges that were now moving up into small pulls. Damn, it wouldn't be long now. Sighing Alan made sure they had enough food and space as he had to enlarge the place a little. Alan was starting to walk out not wanting to vanish in front of the pink creatures frightening them when a young Slimtori came to Alan, [I wanted to offer you this gift, for saving our lives and those today,] It said as it handed a small box to Alan. There was a huge gasp then silence when the box fell through his hand.

[It is you! the seer said he would not try to hide but would be hidden, you are here but you are not!] The large Slimtori from the day before thought, ALL the Slimtori bowed to Alan, this didn't go over well, Alan did NOT want to be worshiped.

With that Alan walked out and almost immediately vanished awakening in his room again, he was again almost as tired as he'd been when he'd laid down. This fucking dream was wearing him out, rather than go out he laid back down falling asleep again within seconds. A vision you might say appeared before him.

"Hello Alan," it said funny but she looked familiar, "Yes Alan, I get that a lot or rather I used to before mankind forgot it's magical roots. You have the strongest concentration of magic in you than anyone else on earth."

"What the fuck are you talking about? Damn these dreams are getting worse and worse" Alan said a little irritated.

"Oh I am real, but the only way to talk to you is through your dreams, look when you wake up you'll have the little box the Slimtori gave you, open it when you are ready to actually go TO their planet ok," with that the little fairy, sprite, or whatever the hell she was, kissed his cheek and was gone. The rest of the day Alan slept with no dreams, no interruptions, ten hours later he awoke to the sun starting to set.

Alan for a moment was a little disorientated, sitting up he searched the room for anything familiar. Sadly he realized he was in just a cheap hotel room. Rubbing his eyes he realized he'd got nothing done that day, shit! Well, he was exhausted, you can't look if you're dead. Sitting up he at first didn't notice the little box that was sitting beside his bed on the night stand. Getting up he went out to get a bite to eat, hoping he didn't run into the bitch of a wife of his that'd really make for a wonderful fucking day. Returning to his room he sat to watch a little TV when he noticed the little box from his dream sitting on the night stand.

Thinking he tried to remember what the little woman in his dream had said open when I was ready for what? Damn it! He hated the fact that he couldn't remember, it was bad enough the fucking box was here in the first place.

It was an hour later after watching the boob tube that it hit Alan that he'd ACTUALLY killed all those creatures. Running to the bathroom he began to vomit uncontrollably he'd never taken a life before not even a fly and now here he'd killed over thirty or forty beings. Ok, even though they were extremely evil and he HAD given many of them a chance to give up and move on, which they had refused, still it didn't sit right with him. Slapping his face he called himself a pussy knowing that they would have killed HIM with no regrets, no remorse a hell of a lot quicker than he had them.

Still sitting in his chair Alan heard a little voice say, "Hey idiot for one so powerful you sure are forgetful, open it if you are ready to ACTUALLY go to the Slimtori's planet."

Looking around he didn't see anyone but he swore that was the voice of the little woman from his dream. Sighing he wasn't sure he WAS ready to actually go there, the thing was though if he didn't the creatures would be killed when they were found. Reaching for the box he made sure he had all he wanted to take with him, then cracked the box open. Instantly he was back on the planet though this time he was actually there. Well the odor had improved a lot since the last time he was here. Looking around he started to curse what the hell was up? Why the fuck did he always wind up in THIS spot? Alan was about to think his way to where the Slimtori he'd rescued when he heard an even larger sound of movement past the bushes.

Wrapping his arms around him he formed an invisible physical shield then another magical shield. Stepping out he was met by a huge multitude of troops? He guessed you could call them that though to Alan they were laughable at best. There had to be at least two or three hundred black spike balls, one hundred cucumbers things, another two hundred of the snakes, and it looked like they had a new creature that looked like a combination between a walrus, tusks and all, a scorpion and it looked like dragonfly wings, they had at least a hundred of these.

[You there Trictatori, you have disrespected the emperor and the royal family give up now and we will kill you quickly, ] A tall rat creature in the front screamed at Alan.

Somewhat pissed, Alan gave them an ultimatum, [I suggest that you give up now before all of you are destroyed I am far stronger than you think and I won't hesitate, not any more, ] Alan thought to the ten rat like creatures in the front.

Each started to laugh that is till Alan snapped his fingers and the first rat creature fell over dead its neck snapped in two.

At that moment half of the snake creatures started to chant and spit, Alan calmly sent everything they sent at him back at the front of the army. Within moments all the spike creatures were on fire and dying, this time all two hundred of the snakes started in hmmm Alan thought this ought to be interesting bouncing everything off before it even got within ten feet, Alan was starting to get pissed again, making a slashing motion half the snakes heads separated from their bodies.

[Do we continue this or do you wish to give up? You've lost part of your troops don't sacrifice the rest,] Alan thought as forceful as he could. Again the rat creatures laughed sending the cucumber creatures out, Alan sighed and snapped his fingers again two more of the rat creatures necks snapped as massive panic erupted in their camp. Still the cucumber things attacked, Alan wipe his head and rubbed his hands together watching as all of the advancing cucumber things suddenly dropped all of them boiling in their own juices.

[You've lost well over half your troops and three of your generals give up!] Alan wished they had a little sense, god he hated warmongers. Snapping his fingers again four of the remaining eight rat creatures keeled over their necks, now broken. The last of the troops weren't too sure now, the last of the snakes were still chanting, the dragonfly creatures took off toward Alan, sighing, he made a scissor motion with his fingers as all of the dragonfly creatures crashed, all but two bursting as they hit the ground. With that the snakes fled, the last four rat creatures advanced upon Alan, well one did the other three died before they even got within ten feet. Alan felt something familiar about this last one though he wasn't sure.

[You fought well Trictatori Alan, better than I thought you would but this battle is between you and I,] the last rat creature said as it advanced through all Alan's shields.

[Your energy feels human, yes I see it now you let the power corrupt you, you stayed here in this place]. Alan said, startled to find another almost human here.

[You might say that, I became trapped here. I lost the crystal to travel home. The Slimtori refused to make another, they said I knew where it was and refused to remember. After a few years I didn't care that was 5000 of your years ago, then that piss ant seer saw you killing me, as if. Your power won't work on me as mine is the same,] the large rat creature said.

Alan knew different, blasting the sword from the hands of the rat emperor. For an hour and a half they blasted away at each other, though he'd gotten a few shots through and had actually hit Alan, Alan had done far more damage. Alan's arms were bleeding, there was a gash on his left thigh, a deep cut on his right leg, his right shoulder was also bleeding. The emperor was faring far worse almost every inch of his body had blood coming from cuts.

Alan was tired, as he saw the emperor was, this has to end soon, one mistake and I'll have him Alan thought. Not long after that Alan saw his chance and cut the emperor's throat, the emperor's mouth opened, he saluted and fell over dead. Alan had to move thinking of the Slimtori he'd rescued, he made it half way there, shit he thought I might not make it. Trying again he made it to the outer wall, not sure he could make it around to the front he drew a door and walked in through the wall. The same young Slimtori that gave him the box, caught him as he fell, there was excited talk as the Slimtori all gathered around Alan. Alan thought he heard them discussing how to heal him and a few strange ideas before the world went black.

Alan awoke in his cheap room, when he tried to move he was extremely sore, what the hell? Holding up both arms he saw that they were covered with cuts and gashes. Strange thing though, was as he watched, they actually healed in front of his eyes, damn he thought, I should have been healed before now. A little voice spoke next to his ear, "you would have but you took a beating in the battle, a little sleep does wonders," the voice drifted to his other ear, "you should be up in no time."
