 Alan, Hopix and the rest of the Fairixies appeared not far from the palace, several guards bristled 'til they saw Alan then they stood at attention. All the new arrivals were staring with their mouths agape at all of the buildings here on the Fairixie home world. Alan still felt a little unsure; the dream with the lizard guy had seemed all too real to just be a dream. Walking in they were soon greeted by many more servants and guards, looking around Alan saw Glimmer coming towards them.    

"I want all of you to meet Queen Glimmer she rules here." Alan told them.

They all bowed, again their mouths a gape at the splendor and beauty of the queen. Glimmer looked at Alan closely then at Hopix, "Finally!" She said throwing her hands up. "I thought you two would never get together! Everyone could see it but you two."

Alan looked at her strangely, "how pray tell can you tell?"

"It's obvious; she has told you the secret of us, Alan I can tell you are still having trouble seeing the truth. Look in your heart and think of your love for Hopix with your eyes closed. Then I want you to open them." Glimmer said with crossed arms.

Doing as she asked he slowly opened his eyes, Holy shit! Alan backed up a few steps, everything, almost everyone was close to the size he was! What the hell was going on here? They could hear Hopix start to giggle as

Alan was backing away from her and Queen Glimmer. "Serves you right still having doubts after watching me grow," Hopix said.

"Hey! If you were in my position you'd be having doubts yourself! Besides I didn't think that you were going to be this beautiful when I got a really good look at you!" Alan said starting to get a little annoyed. Looking around further it was almost as if his eyes were different, the colors were sharper, and everything he looked at seemed one hundred times better than he'd remembered them.

"There," Glimmer said seeing Alan's reaction, "everything seems far clearer now doesn't it? I mean with your vision of course," Glimmer added with a smile.

Looking around he saw that everything was far more colorful than he at first thought, plus his real, first good look at Glimmer, had almost taken his breath away. Shaking his head he had to admit she was gorgeous, that is 'til he turned and saw Hopix, his mouth dropped open he wasn't able to catch his breath.

Staring at her he couldn't believe his eyes! She was by far more beautiful than he could put into words, if he could speak at the moment that is. Her light green eyes were flashing in pride and love toward him, usually he'd have been uncomfortable, but right now he could only feel the warmth of her love. Oh my god! He thought she doesn't even realize just how perfect she is to me! 

Hopix could hear all his thoughts, she was perfect to him? What did he mean by that? She was the same old Hopix that she'd always been. Looking at her body she saw that her nipples were hard from his staring at them pressing against the material of her dress. What was going on? Why was she feeling so warm under his gaze? She'd have to ask her mother later, she had to remember to speak to her. Shaking her head she also noticed that Alan was uncomfortable again, it seemed his pants were causing him problems again.

"Alan if you are in as much pain as it appears; you should let me help you with it!" Hopix told him.

Alan turned away from Glimmer and Hopix trying to adjust his self before things got out of hand. Glimmer could only shake her head, her own husband had been as bad when she first met him but unlike Hopix she wasn't a virgin. Again shaking her head at the predicament at hand she really needed to take Hopix aside and advise her of a few things. Suddenly Glimmer realized that she might be a grandmother soon, this caused an even bigger smile to break out on her face.

Hopix noticed and walked to her, "Queen Glimmer are you alright? I just noticed you were smiling strangely."

"Oh I am fine my dear but I think we need to have a short talk," Hopix nodded looking at her and then Alan people were acting so strange lately as was her body. Alan watched as Hopix and Glimmer went to the other side of the room, still uncomfortable Alan just stood there undecided what to do, that is 'til Torax flew next to him.

"So you both have finally realized that you love each other well for you it is far more simple, but I take it you have guessed that Hopix is a virgin?" Torax said.

"Yes," Alan replied as he watched Hopix's face start to blush scarlet, what was causing that he thought. "I realized it not too long ago."

"My sister is older than me but I have an advantage over her in many ways, she has never been in love. As I have heard it put by the council she blamed herself for many of the mage failures that have happened over the last few thousand years. She has worked tirelessly to try and correct what she felt were her mistakes." Torax related to him.

"Her mistakes? How are they her mistakes? How the mage she trains uses their power is in no way her fault." Alan told Torax. 

Here Torax smirked, "You know my sister, she took the entire universe on her shoulders trying to bring the balance back to it."

"Yes I know very well, you mean to tell me she hasn't stopped in thousands of years 'til she found me?" Alan asked Torax, his mouth hanging open.

Torax's smile grew, "You've just about got it, I am proud that you have finally got her to open her heart, it will be a wonderful change from the all business sister I have had the last few thousand years. Just remember Alan my soon to be brother in law, be gentle with her she is most definitely delicate and fragile, I am afraid that her heart and emotions would never recover if they are broken. Oh I forgot; her mother might not react all that good either." Torax snickered as he walked away.

Damn, he was on dangerous ground but then again it shouldn't be; he did love Hopix he owed her more than just his life and love. Looking over at Hopix and Queen Glimmer he could see that Hopix's mouth was hanging open and the scarlet color on her face was still there.

Walking over he heard them both quiet suddenly, "Hopix I have to contact the council and let them know what is going on." Hopix stared at him her mouth still hanging open, could only nod.

Shaking his head Alan walked outside and called the council. "Ah! Good Alan you have done an exceedingly good job the balance has finally started to shift in a more positive direction. We wish to give our congratulations on your upcoming wedding to Hopix." They told him.

"Wait, wait, wait, my upcoming wedding?" His skin started to glow as did his eyes, "I haven't said or thought anything about a wedding to Hopix, I haven't even thought of asking her yet!" Alan shouted blowing half the council off their seats, shattering several windows in the palace and blowing a certain lizard man into view.

"So you son of a bitch you found me after all!" The lizard man shouted though Alan could see that he was shaking. Reaching out Alan brutally smashed through his defenses and started to snap his powers. Screaming the lizard man flashed out, though unknown to Alan he couldn't leave the Fairixie's planet for a while. Turning back to the now shielded council Alan's power started to flare higher now, Alan was about to crush the shields of the council when a soft sweet voice spoke.

"Alan my love? Come to me my love, please don't hurt them." Hopix stood in front of several huddled and terrified Fairixies at the entrance to the palace. Turning Alan saw a scared and shaking Hopix staring at him wide eyed she'd never seen his power flare this high or this violently. Almost immediately Alan felt ashamed, all his life he'd felt this fear at one point or another like Hopix and her people were feeling, watching him. Hanging his head Alan reached in his pocket and pulled the cube from it.

Hopix's eyes grew large when she saw what Alan was about to do, "NO ALAN! PLEASE NO!" Hopix begged of Alan as she flew toward him. Sadly he looked up at her then without ceremony Alan vanished.

Hopix was suddenly angry, turning she didn't see that her power had more than doubled. Looking at the council she gritted her teeth, "If I have lost him the council will pay! I just found the one being in the universe who completes me and you drove him to this. I guarantee that if he can't be found, there will be retribution from the Fairixie people! You all know who I am, though you will soon find out what I can do!" Palming her cube, Hopix also vanished.

Queen Glimmer smirked, she'd wanted Hopix to express more emotion as her mother did but this was a little beyond what both of them had wanted. Smiling to herself she looked at the small screen in her hand, thank goodness she'd planted that homing button on him the last time he was here. Reaching out she felt Hopix heading to earth shaking her head she thought Hopix would learn soon, home was the last place Alan would go. Especially with that terror of a female that he'd been mated to living there. As she could see Alan was going in the opposite direction, ah! So he was going to see friends after all, good thing they were hers as well.

Alan appeared on the Trembly world for the second time shielding himself he didn't want the Trembly to feel him. He especially didn't want them to feel the deep depression that he was feeling, he'd terrified the first person being that truly loved him. It was a feeling that had warmed him deeply, lightening his soul making him feel better than he'd ever felt. He'd seen her shaking, and the terror on her people's faces, he knew then in that moment he was no better than the evil that he'd vanquished. 

Then again he wondered why he'd chosen this planet to come to, all they would do here would try and convince him that he wasn't evil and try to get him to go back. After what he'd done he wasn't all too sure he could ever go back. Sighing, well, this was starting out real good just a minute of thinking and he was already twice as far down in his depression as he was when he arrived. 

He'd been there maybe an hour when he felt a stirring, not much at first but it was there, shit Alan thought they found me I hadn't done anything to attract them. Waiting Alan knew they would be there soon no matter what he did they would find him so he sat still and waited.

Within minutes the leader that he'd met before was floating not too far from him. "Hail Tranzarie it is good to see you again though we would like to actually see you. Please forgive me for not getting close but you are so full of low energy and emotions I am afraid I cannot come too close."

Smirking a half smile Alan thought if they only knew that what they wished was actually here and it was poisonous to them.

"I will not ask why you are here but it appears that you are where you need to be. May I hear what has transpired since you last blessed us with life that was fleeing the planet?" 
Sighing Alan wasn't really in a mood to talk but didn't really have much of a choice as he was only a guest here.

Alan started slowly at first describing the many battles of the evil ones of the sister planet of Queen Glimmer and Hopix's planet. He told of how he was hurt and healed by the love he had found and then the anger he'd felt and the abject terror he'd seen on the faces of Hopix's people and the fear on her face. 

The whole time Alan watched the leader; he neither accused, objected, nor said a word. Alan was actually starting to feel a little better just what he'd been afraid of when he first landed here but it was the one place that he felt no one would look for him in. Suddenly Alan stopped feeling a presence behind him, looking he saw literally thousands of the green fuzzy life forms behind him. Oh great he thought, they weren't looking all that great.

"Why do they all look so sick?" Alan asked the leader.

"They are sick because you helped them so much before and now they cannot repay you when you are in such need. It has saddened them so badly that they are now sick with the pain." The leader explained. Oh great I thought I could hide here and I am killing all of these gentle peace loving creatures. If he wasn't feeling bad before he really was now.

"Leader/ Elder I am going, I almost killed many who are dear to me now my mere presence is killing your people. I only hope that the next place I go that the death I meet there is horrible and as painful as the pain I am causing you and them."

As Alan started to rise the leader stopped him, "Great Tranzarie please before you leave, can you feel inside and tell us who it is controlling you?"

Shocked a moment Alan looked within and saw that there was a strong magical hand of magic on him a very familiar hand.

Growling Alan called the light council, "I need all of you to witness this." Alan told them. "Reficul! I know you are watching I can feel you and your magic in me you made a vow that you would keep out of what I did directly." With a flourish the Dark council appeared all of the 12 growling at Alan, Taking the magic presence and making it clear to all. Alan looked accusingly at the council especially the red skinned leader.

"You broke a magical vow therefore I invoke ... your name LUCIFER!" Alan shouted the red skinned leader screamed as his skin started to flay off the body being replaced and re-flayed again and again.

"I also know he wasn't the only one Dracula! Death! Was he?" The other two members started to scream as they were also were flayed over and over. "One of the conditions of winning the fight with the tenth mage on the sister planet you your self, Reficul said, 'there will be no interference from us in any regard.' You have broken this therefore I call for the continued judgment upon the entire council. If this is broken again by any of you or your agents then the judgment will enact."

"You cannot call for that!" A pale member of the dark council called.

"No he cannot, though it is his right to ask us to, under the circumstances it will be enacted. The only time an agent can act out against Alan is if he is on a world controlled by the dark council. Then only to try and keep the planet, then I am afraid Alan it is on you and we may only step in when something is done wrong or you win the world. Realize that everything changes now, you no longer will have us to help you while you are there and are at the mercy of the agent there." the leader of the light council warned Alan. "There are still many out there that are stronger than the last you faced on the sister world."

Smiling a huge smile Alan nodded, "I accept, the dark council needs to realize I am no longer the unknowing earth man I was, I have gained far more than they might think I have, much more," this last almost whispered as Alan looked at the light council and smiled.

Alan turned and saw that the Tremblys were hiding not far away, hiding in a great many flowers that he hadn't seen before. Bending to the ground he placed a hand over them and could feel Hopix, all her love, all her patience all of her. Smiling, he finally knew what he had to do, bowing to the council he invited them to the wedding when Hopix and her mother planned it, that is if he wasn't on a mission. Looking at the dark council he almost felt sorry for the three members that were being tortured by their own treachery, almost. Thinking a moment he thought of the release words. "Relicul, Alucard, Htaed desaeler era uoy, evael I Nehw."

Passing his hand over the empty field Alan smiled when several other types of flowers and very small trees suddenly grew. "Another thank you for you and your people for helping me find myself." Alan told the now shocked leader, he hadn't seen the small trees in a thousand years since he was small. Grasping the cube Alan smiled even larger he could feel Hopix, goodness she was worried. With a pop Alan flashed out, the three on the dark council suddenly released and dropping to the ground. All three looked at the light council with extreme hatred and malice in their eyes.

"Ha! You should have known not to go against one as smart as him. Especially when you gave him access to all the knowledge like you did!" The gnome leader of the light council said.

"Know that you and your agent will pay for this! Your agent isn't..." the dark council leader started.

"We already know what is in his heart and we better than you know the FULL extent of his power. You do not want to experience it though you got a taste a few moments ago. Be forewarned he does have full knowledge of all the in and outs of the councils. As he has already liberated the Tremblys, he also has a source of even more information. As I said be warned, now he is far from through!" The leader of the light council said.

"He will soon see that we also are far from through, the battle is coming soon his planet will be the battleground if he continues to liberate the worlds we have rightfully claimed! Best you advise him of that!" The red skinned leader of the dark council warned. With a flourish and a dark cloud, the dark council disappeared.

Shaking his head the light council leader needed to advise Alan before they sent him out again though Alan had tipped the balance on earth more toward the light there were still a great many dark agents there.

Alan flashed into the hotel room looking around he didn't feel Hopix anywhere he could have sworn that she was ... hmmm it appeared they had passed each other, grasping the cube he was about to flash out when he felt a presence. 
_____________________________________________

Hopix appeared in the hotel room but there was no sign of Alan looking through the few things he had there hoping for a clue as to where he had gone. More tired than she thought she was, she laid down, a dream came to her that she should go home and wait for him there, she did and Alan appeared a few moments later, grabbing him she kissed him a hot and passionate kiss that could melt the strongest metal. As she started to feel faint from the amount of love that he put into the kiss, the lizard guy appeared lunging forward to drive a knife into her back.

Alan turned her at the last instant taking the knife in his side. Screaming, her eyes and body glowing Hopix's power rose to monstrous levels reaching she grabbed the lizard guy who laughed and waved his hand. Hopix started to laugh when nothing happened.

"You pathetic little man!" Hopix's voice echoed off the walls of the palace and every other building nearby, "You no longer realize that you are dead!" With that Hopix's power climbed higher as the lizard guy's skin began to melt, his eyes popping out like loose marbles. An eerie scream issued from his throat 'til it turned to a gurgling death rattle. Smiling Hopix watched as the last of the lizard guy melted to a mass of putrid wetness on the ground.

Jerking awake Hopix was shaking, the dream had been so real, still shaking she grasped the cube, she had to go home and talk to her mother, the Queen wouldn't do this time; it had to be her mother. Flashing out she was only gone a moment when Alan flashed in looking around he was about to go when he felt her, reaching out he had her appear in front of him.

"Now then you cannot leave you are cut off from your body, mostly, tell me your mission and I'll let you go." Alan told her.

When she spit on him Alan smiled a wicked smile that for a moment scared her, and then she laughed 'til she felt her energy starting to fade. "How about it? I can leave you here in a rotting corpse, when it dies so do you then you are the dark council's and you know how forgiving they are. Besides according to you I am powerless to stop anything you do."

Squeezing harder the woman started to tell all, including the lizard guy's plans. Alan made a scissors motion above her then she was gone, as was the body. Hmmm so lizard guy thought he could kill them, smiling Alan thought, well he has another thing coming.