 Author's Note: This story is meant to have some hard sci-fi themes and will eventually develop into a Firefly like series of adventures throughout the solar system with lots of sex. Characters in these stories are bisexual and engage in same sex relationships and fucking. If this is not your thing consider yourself warned. I welcome reasonable feedback and love interacting with readers so please drop me a note. Please don't comment that gay sex is icky or the like, if you don't like it please don't read it.

*****

Space Captain Victoria's Erotic Rescue

The Final Burn

"Venusian exploration vessel Endeavor you are approaching apogee, don't miss your window." 

The Martian called out through the Coms. He sounded irritated, though I couldn't tell if he was frustrated with having to talk me through a gravity assist, or because I was Venusian and he resented our dominance of the solar system. Fucking Martians.

"Uhhhmmm, thanks Mars station" I half groaned, "Initiating plasma burn in 3, 2, 1...engage"

The increased G forces of the thrusters kicking in caused me to moan out loud, not because of any great strain, but because it drove Emily's body into mine with an additional 2.7 G's of force. She drove her hips down on my cock with nearly three times the force she could usually muster. Luckily my mic wasn't engaged for Mars Station to pick up. God I love delta V (change in velocity).

"Bon voyage Endeavor" Mars Station signed off "See you in eight months."

"Thanks for the assist Mars Station" I replied around a mouth full of the most perfect tits you can imagine topped by dark purple nipples.

"You naughty little slut!" I chided playfully as I rammed my raging hard cock deeper into her hot wet pussy. Each thrust caused her ample and pale purple flesh to bounce enticingly.

"Oh fuck yes Captain!" she cried out, "Harder!"

I tried my best to comply, but we had both started floating out of the command chair after the Endeavor burned through her final thrust and apparent gravity dropped to nearly nothing. It would be the slow going push of the EM drives the rest of the way to Jupiter. The low thrust meant zero gravity in the cockpit of the command module. Fun enough, but surprisingly hard to fuck in. No leverage.

Hooking my leg around the arm of the command chair I was able to manage enough leverage to pull her down onto my cock savagely. She cried out with each thrust and it was driving me crazy. You really can't imagine what happens to a big pair of breasts on a curvy girl in space until you've seen it. I needed to cum bad, but not until she did. Four or five more like that and she'd be cumming like crazy.

"Yes Captain, right there, oh fuck yes don't stop!" she cried.

I grabbed her shoulder length shimmery purple hair and pulled her dark plum colored lips down to mine hard. Our tongues entwined as we moaned our pleasure into each other's mouths. Then I felt her body start to quiver in my arms and not a second too soon either. I let go, ramming her deep one more time as I came, filling her hot pussy with my load.

I unhooked myself from the command chair and let the tangle of arms and legs that was us float freely. We slowly drifted apart in the warm cabin. Her eyes are lazy as she looks at me, still holding each other together by our finger tips. I drift off to a nice zero G nap and she pretends to do the same. She won't though, she doesn't really sleep. She'll also prevent my floating body from crashing into anything it shouldn't along with preventing our ship from running into anything it shouldn't.

I suppose I should explain Emily a bit. She is my partner and an artificial life form. When I say "partner" the word is very loaded in our case. We are business partners, lovers and virtually everything else to each other that you can think of. I am her creator. Her physical form encompasses both the sexy, purple tinged Venusian vixen I just had sex with as well as the ship that we just had sex within and currently surrounds us. The sexy Venusian shaped droid is really just her interface.

Most of Emily's processing power was located within the systems of our ship, an Exploration class matter transport with a living space comprised of two large counter rotating toroids that simulate one G of gravity rotating on the axle of the command and engine module.

I took a big risk when I programmed and awoke her. At that point she became an autonomous legal entity under the Artificial Intelligence Reform Act, an individual and she could have just struck out on her own if she didn't like me, taking my newly acquired, third hand Exploration class matter transport ship that I spent my life savings on with her. She is after all smarter, stronger and faster than me and the ship was her. Unaccountably she did end up liking me and allowed me to remain as the Captain of the ship and a fifty/fifty partner in our raw materials transport business.

On our very first mission we became lovers, but she didn't have a body at that point so we made love and fucked each other with our words and our minds. I found her to be a highly sexual and sensual being, part of which was a result of my programming her as a companion for long journeys, but most of it she developed on her own. She's a very intelligent and a very naughty girl.

When we got back we spent all of our profits from that water ice collection mission to the asteroid belt on commissioning a body for her. She was created by one of the most renowned droid artists on Venus, which cost us a lot. We modeled her on a prostitute from the Pleasure Dome on Venus that we both found to our liking and we've been together ever since.

Looking at her now I didn't regret a single design decision that we made. She had the typical light to dark purple coloring of a third generation human Venusian cloud city resident. The color in humans was the result of long term exposure to the ubiquitous indigenous Venusian life, a form of cyanobacteria found in the clouds of Venus with purple chlorophyll. They floated naturally in the same cloud strata that was most suited to human life (air pressure, gravity, and temperature nearly identical to Earth) and therefore shared with the human built cloud cities.

She was curvier than most Venusian colonists. They tended to be tall and lithe, almost waifish looking. Emily was based on an atypical Venusian girl with curves, wide hips, large breasts and a nice swell to her belly, in essence more like a root stock human despite her coloration. She had the nearly hairless soft skin of a typical Venusian as well. Her skin though was a silicone compound, very realistic but not quite the same as a human.

In contrast I am or was a second generation immigrant to Venus, very much human, and so I am much more like a root stock human of the Caucasian Earth variety. I had body hair on my chest, which many Venusian men and women find exotic and my skin is a typical yellowish pinkish skin tone commonly found on Earth among the many varieties of skin color there. Or so they say at least, I had never actually been to the surface of Earth though I plan to someday. I do find the idea of a solid mass of surface vaguely intimidating though, it makes me wonder how all that mass wouldn't just crush a person, even though gravity on Earth and Venus are much the same. Aside from a few daredevils in pressure ships no one ever goes to the surface of Venus, it's hot enough to melt lead there.

This was our first long haul trip to the outer planets and we were really looking forward to a lot of time to explore each other. It was going to be a long trip and space travel is characterized by long periods of nothing, just gently accelerating through the void along the planetary transport network.

Coasting Toward Disaster

About six weeks, or approximately 58 orgasms later we were coasting into the asteroid belt. All was going according to the flight plan. Emily was bent over a control panel in the engineering workshop with her cute little uniform skit hiked up around her waist. The workshop was located in the part of the ship with spin gravity produced in the rotating toroids. I was busy behind her thrusting my cock into her with a slap, slap, slapping noise against her ass when the lights in the ship started flashing red and a loud klaxon sounded throughout the ship.

"What the Fu.." I yelled, startled by the proximity alarm. 

"Ahhh Captain, don't stop!" Emily cried out as I scrambled to pull on my coveralls.

"But the alarm... Oh" of course then it dawned on me. Emily was the ship and she was probably just setting off an alarm to intensify the sex. She was just that kind of kinky.

I moved back to my position behind her, red lights and klaxon still sounding off. I positioned my cock and slid it back inside her taking on the role of fearless commander in a crisis.

"Ohh Captain," cried, "what are we going to do?"

"Ugh uh, you are uh, uh, uh, you're going to take my cock, and uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna fuck you til I cum." I said as I resumed fucking her.

"Hurry Captain, ohh yes, hurry, we're in danger!"

The rest was grunting, moaning and the sound of my hips slapping into her ass as I took her hard. I had to admit the alarms really raised the intensity level of the whole thing. My Emily is just brilliant sometimes, well OK all of the time.

"Oh Yes! Harder Captain! Harder! I am gonna cum!" Her hand was between her legs rubbing her clit furiously as I fucked her. Emily's orgasms were governed by a subroutine of stimuli that always involved at a minimum mental and clitoral stimulation, kind of like a real girl. The specific amount of stimulation required to get her off was a complicated mix of how long it had been since the last orgasm, the amount of mental stimulation provided and a random number of clitoral stimulations falling somewhere in a range that would be typical of a highly orgasmic human woman, so the sex never got formulaic as it often did with purpose built sexbots, 103 thrusts to orgasm or some such. Emily was a much classier girl than that.

Her body shook with her orgasm and she cried out wordlessly. Then I was ready I grabbed her shoulder length purple hair and dragged her to her knees. She immediately took my cock between her dark purple lips and started sucking as I filled her mouth with cum.

"That was amazing" I said while I was catching my breath and putting on my coveralls, "what made you think of that?"

"Think of what Captain?" she asked innocently.

"What made you think of that whole business with the alarm?"

"Oh that," she said nonchalantly "We're on a collision course with a debris field."

"What!?" I said as I scrambled for the ladder up to the command module.

As I hurried through the connecting tube to the central corridor of the ship I gradually lost gravity, which made me a bit nauseous, Emily was right on my heels giving me a report of what was ahead.

"The debris field consists of various metals and alloys that indicate it is human in origin, there is one object with a high velocity spin that is putting off the weak electrical signal of a functioning system of some sort, my analysis is that it is a destroyed interplanetary ship" She concluded in her dry report tone of voice.

"How long until impact Emily" I demanded as I pushed myself through the hatch of the command module.

"Approximately two days, seven hours, thirty eight minutes and fifty six seconds." She said in just as dry a tone. I stopped in my tracks and looked at her. She wore a wry smile on her face indicating her intense amusement.

"God damn it Emily!" 

"What?" she asked innocently as she shut off all of the alarms.

"Well you could have told me I didn't need to come rushing down here."

"You didn't ask" she replied laughing.

"Fuck, you scared the shit out of me Emily." I complained, slumping into the command chair and trying to let go of the adrenaline rush, well slumping as much as the zero G portion of the ship would allow.

"Oh I know," she replied laughing even harder, "and you handled yourself admirably Captain, but once in a while I find it amusing to remind you that you are only human."

This last said with maximum cheekiness. Of course after the heat of the moment passed I realized how silly it was to worry. As the ship, Emily wouldn't put herself or me in danger. She was way more capable of handling any required evasive maneuvers with a quick thought than I could ever accomplish. In fact, my presence on the ship was pretty much useless most of the time, something that was rarely mentioned between us. Despite my title, my primary role was getting us work and providing companionship for her. I felt suitably humble as she came over and attempted to sooth my bruised ego while still giggling. It didn't really work, but it was also impossible for me to stay mad at her.

"You're evil" I said grumpily.

"I know" she replied kissing my cheek, "but you love me anyway."

I did indeed, there is no denying that. 

"OK so what kind of ship is up ahead?"

"Too fragmented to tell at this distance Captain," she replied, once again all business "the material signatures are odd so my guess is it is rather old."

"Hmm OK, so what about the functioning system you mentioned, anything worth salvaging."

"I am unable to tell at this point Captain, it could be worth a look."

"How are we doing on schedule?" I asked.

"We are well within our window, which is generous for this load and could afford the loss of velocity to investigate; fuel should not be a problem as hydrogen is dirt cheap in the outer planets." She replied, accurately guessing my intent.

"What do you think Emily?" I asked trying to hide the eagerness in my voice, "should we check it out."

"I think we should," she said with a wry smile that indicated I hadn't successfully hidden my excitement, "It could be fun."