 Zora felt her pussy tingle as she lay flat upon the vibrating power emitter. She could feel an orgasm building but she had to remain silent as the guards strode over head. She could hear their foot falls against the grate. They were looking right at her but they could not see her, her chameleon like changeling flesh making her fade into the gray metal surface of the space stations power emitter. But Zora felt if they that if she didn't leave soon the low, thumping vibrations would send her into a noisy climax. Every inch of her body tingled as the vibrations pounded her cunt. She could feel the growing warmth and wetness between her legs. 

Finally she heard the head guard call in strong masculine voice, "What it was has probably left. Let's check C-Deck and then call it a day."

As the guards' footfalls began to move away the orgasm that had been slowly building in Zora finally released and she let out a small moan of pleasure.

"Hey, what was that?" one of the red suited guards asked.

"It came from over..." Zora heard a stun pistol warming up. 

She dove to the side as the blue bolt exploded where she was only moments ago. She was running fast as she began to shift her flesh to try to match the walls she was running by, hoping it would confuse the guards long enough for her to make it around the corner and shift into a less conspicuous form. She dived around the corner and took on the form of the red suited guard.

She walked slowly down an adjacent hallway and heard the guards run past her. She needed to find a ship and get of this space station quick before they figured out they had a changeling on their hands. The intense orgasm and running had Zora a little out of breath and really turned on. She knew she had to leave soon but Zora needed relief. She found a small alcove and ducked into it. 

Her muscles relaxed as she released the false form of the guard and returned to her natural slim self. Her long red hair sprouted out of where the fake blast helmet used to be as her green eyes came back into being. The red leather jump suit morphed back into her fair white skin as her 32-D breasts swelled from the flat chest. Finally her pink nipples and smooth pussy melded back into being. 

Standing in the dark alcove she placed two of her long elegant fingers over her nib and began using her changeling abilities to alter the texture of her fingertips. She always found this very enjoyable. Her cunt started to swell as small waves of pleasure shot through her body. She needed to be quick and move on before the guards started to use scanners to find her. The melded three of her fingers together into a long thick phallus and began to probe her twat. The sensation caused her skin to burn with anticipation. 

The orgasm she craved so badly began to build as she slid her morphed hand in and out of her pussy. She licked her lips and began to ride her own hand placing her free hand against a wall for support. Just as she felt that she was drawing close to her peak she heard the wail of the station alarms. 

"Warning to all personal. Escaped changeling. Please proceed to designated area for inspection."

"Scrog!" cursed Zora. With a quick motion she pulled her dripping hand from her self and morphed it back to normal. She was about to step out of the alcove when she remembered she needed cloths. She quickly morphed the garb of a station engineer and proceeded down the corridor. She needed to stow away on a ship fast. She headed down the maze of corridors to where she remembered the docking bays were. 

She ran with her legs closer together feeling a little bit of sensation as her pussy lips slid across each other. It was a nice sensation but wouldn't bring the orgasm she so desperately craved. Zora knew that as soon as she was safely stowed away on some ship she would finger bang herself till she passed out. 

Then she finally saw it. As small transport craft docked in the shuttle bay. She dashed into the open door and peaked around. There was no one in sight. She found the ventilation shaft, I hiding place she had learned to use well and climbed up inside. There she reverted to her natural form, all except for a huge phallus like hand and began to drive her hand into her wet hole. She felt the first orgasm begin to build again. 

Her breathing began to quicken as it drew closer. Zora could feel her juices dripping onto the bottom of the ventilation shaft, she was really wet. Finally Zora hips bucked as she peak so hard that lay there stunned by the pleasure. Her muscled tightened, causing her skin to change color and texture for a moment before her whole body reverted to its natural state.

She began to fade away into an almost drunken state of pleasure and was barely ware of the footsteps run into the ship and fire up the engines. 

-------

Lillian was fully aware of the life form that was on her ship but judging from the waves of lazy satisfaction emanating from it she wasn't going to have to worry about it, probably some drunk I will have to jettison later, she thought to herself. She had bigger things to deal with. 

As she blasted out of the bay pulse laser glanced of her shields. She knew that they were the human's were told only to disable her ship so they were not going to use any heavier weapons. She would be find if she could just activate her jump drive and blast out of the space stations range. Then she could further investigate the presence her powerful Lora'in mind detected. As she keyed in some safe coordinates and punched the initiator she felt her ship jump into z-space and glide out of danger.

Once she checked her systems and found everything was fine she sat in her captain's chair and expanded her telepathic field to search out the life form on her ship. She sent her mind's eye out and found a gorgeous woman lying passed out and panting in her ventilation shaft, her legs spread and juices dripping from her cunt. Lillian felt her own pussy tingle as she gazed upon this beauty. She threw back her red silk robes, exposing her molted, blue skinned body to the cold air of the ship. Her dark blue nipples stood erect at the end of her 34 DD's, as her mind felt the latent pleasure around this woman. 

Lillian's skin prickled with excitement as her hand moved towards her naturally smooth twat. Just before she began to fondle her quim she realized she needed to know more about this creature before giving into her lusty desires. Lillian forced the erotic waves of pleasure out of her mind and then forced her mental eye into the subconscious of the beauty that lay passed out in her ventilation shaft. 

She was suddenly aware that this was no ordinary human, but a genetically enhanced changeling. That is why security was so tight at the station. Lillian delved further into this changeling's... Zora's memories. Lillian was suddenly aware of the basic conditioning that had been done to Zora's mind and body. She detected no desires for men, something Zora knew had been done to her and all the female changelings to lessen the chances of them breeding out of control. Nothing that this Zora seemed to mind. Her and the other changeling females were quite capable of keeping each other entertained. 

As Lillian reviewed Zora's memories she kept coming across images of wild night spent in orgiastic tangles of shifting flesh. Zora fingering a changeling with each hand as one sat riding her face and another driving a morphed cock into her night after night. Lillian couldn't help but begin to massage her own nipples, feeling the sensitive skin tighten under her fingertips. Sweat began to form on Lillian brow from the mental work out of filtering through Zora's memories. She swept her free hand through her bobbed black hair, moving a few strands of hair from her face. 

Lillian learned of the human's intent to use the changelings as spies. Zora was too much a wild card to be put on missions and was scheduled to be terminated, that is why she seduced one of the guards and escaped from her cell.

Lillian watched the memory of Zora fondling herself in front of the guard to tempt him to deactivate the shield door. Lillian could feel the fingers probing Zora's pussy like it were her own. She joined in with her own and began to work opposite them, filling all the walls of her sex with none stop pleasure. Just before things came to a head Lillian had to break off the mental connection mental exhaustion took its toll. Lillian was so close to orgasm, she had one hand massaging her dark nipples and the other buried knuckle deep in her cunt. 

Lillian's juices spilled down onto her chair as she brought her fingers up and down in a come-hither motion, gently grazing her G-spot. Her Lora'in mind cycled through all the images of her past sexual encounters with all the woman she had seduced back on her home world. She could almost fell another woman's hand on her body, her tongue circling a clit. She remembered her last lover, Vivian, the duke's daughter. She remembered how Vivian's tongue artfully darted in and out of her, teasing her womanhood into a frenzied state of passion. 

As Lillian climaxed the sudden rush caused her to remember how the duke came in during that session. That was why Lillian was out here now. The duke was going to have her thrown into prison. It had been a hard escape from the planet but now Lillian was on her way into the borders of charted space. 

She was glad that she had this sexy stow away aboard. Though she thought she would have to see how Zora reacted once she woke up from her deep pleasure induced slumber. By what she gathered from Zora's memories Lillian knew that Zora would hide for a very long time before even thinking of revealing herself. Lillian knew it would be the perfect opportunity to exhibit her exhibitionist side. 

More to cum...