 Author's Note: I hope you've been enjoying our story so far. In this installment we get to know Captain Victoria a little better and Emily gets to know her a LOT better. I hope you enjoy and as always feedback is greatly appreciated.

*****

Sabotage

Waking up to a cold distance between Emily and I was so unusual. Normally she was snuggled right up against me, but there was a space between us now, like a missing puzzle piece. When I realized who that space represented I snapped awake. Captain LaPierre was missing on our ship, given that she considered us the enemy, who knows what she could be up to.

Emily was "sleeping" about half a meter away. I noticed that her hand was stretched out and resting on one of the many inductive charging panels on Endeavor's bulkhead. The exertions of waking Captain LaPierre must have run her batteries down quite a bit. Unfortunately we had spent so much on her aesthetics and quality movements to have much left over for power. It wasn't a priority as we would be spending most of our time aboard with plenty of power to charge. Lots of exertion could run her down in about 16 hours though.

After this run we'd finally be able to get her an upgrade to a longer lasting power source. Betavoltaics being the most likely choice as it's a mature safe technology. We were also considering some of the new mirco-thorium salt reactors as they would also provide a heat medium to maintain a realistic body temperature with zero power draw. 

Right now I had a more immediate problem as the notorious Captain Victoria LaPierre was doing who knows what, who knows where on my ship? Given that she's been in stasis for over three centuries and is under the impression that she's been captured by her enemies, this was a real concern.

"Emily" I called into the space around me rather than the apparently sleeping figure next to me.

"Yes my darling" her voice rang from the nearest intercom speaker, reminding me of the early days of our romance before she had a body. This sparked a brief moment of nostalgia as the love that grew between me in the artificial intelligence controlling my ship had first blossomed.

"Where is our esteemed guest and what is she up to?" 

"She's currently at a terminal in engineering attempting to hack my core functions through one of the waste heat recovery subroutines."

"Emily," I sighed, exasperated, "why are you letting her do that?"

"Because I think it's cute." She replied.

"Cute?" I said frustrated, "You think it's cute that she's trying to commandeer you?"

"Yes," Emily replied matter of factly, "her methods are very antiquated, I quite imagine it's a similar feeling to you reading Dickens or Shakespeare. It's quite enjoyable."

I replied to that with a noncommittal grunt as I pulled on a fresh set of coveralls.

"Besides," she continued, "You really should check her out stuffed into one of my uniforms, wowza!"

At this she popped a surveillance image onto the nearest display surface. What could I say? When she's right she's right. The fierce space captain was nearly bursting all of the seams of one of Emily's uniforms. Emily is a curvy girl, large breasted and wide hipped for a Venusian, but Captain LaPierre was downright voluptuous. 

I took a moment to contemplate several potential wardrobe failure modes from a purely engineering mindset. If she tried to move too quickly I decided the top would be the first to go, it was clearly struggling the most to contain the swell of her rather large breasts. The sheer expanse of her dark skinned cleavage was enough to set anyone's mouth to watering. The way her wide hips and ass filled out the way too short skirt made a catastrophic failure in that location a close second. I set off toward engineering thinking about how to approach the strange situation of our militant guest.

"Hi there" I said nonchalantly as I casually leaned against the door to engineering.

I had clearly startled her as she jumped and twisted to see who was behind her. This movement was accompanied by an audible ripping of fabric. I had to smile to myself as the top was first to go. Not that it completely freed her breasts, but a seam down the front had split, creating another ten centimeters or so of gorgeous cleavage.

As she turned to face me she initially started to cover up with her arms self-consciously, thought better of it and stood straight and proud, her chest thrust out. The look on her face was defiant despite the fact that a few more of the stitches in her top had split as she did so.

An Uneasy Truce

"Want some coffee?" I asked, tossing her a pair of coveralls that Emily had run through the 3D printers to match the Alliance Captain's body scans.

"I was just uh.." she stammered as she seemed to lose confidence.

"Trying to commandeer my ship," I finished for her casually as I poured her a cup, "yeah I know."

"Really?" She said incredulous, as she slipped into her new coveralls that fit her like a glove, they covered her dark luxurious skin but did little to hide her curves. "You have coffee on this ship?"

"Yes, and it's quite good I think." I replied, "We grow it in the garden section."

"Garden section?" she asked even more incredulous, "How big is this ship?"

"We displace about 9000 metric tons" I said with a bit of pride. 

Displacement was an old earth nautical term that held over to spacecraft. Captain Victoria may have been impressed based on her historical era, but the truth was Endeavor was pretty small in comparison to most modern ships. In her day the solar system was just beginning to be exploited for resources and most ships were foolishly launched from Earth's gravity well, so ships tended to be small and cramped for space. After a few hundred years of exploiting the vast resources of the asteroid belt and other planets, the materials for creating large pressure vessels were cheap and plentiful. The advancement of low G, vacuum construction methods brought the cost of adding space to a vessel way down. The immensity of a modern battle cruiser or pleasure ship would blow her mind.

I motioned for her to join me at a small work bench that would serve as a table.

"Why am I not being detained?" she demanded, "Why is it you don't care that I was trying to take over your ship?"

"Well, because in your shoes I'd probably do the same and there is a lot that you don't understand at this point." I replied, "Besides, there is little you could do to harm or take over this ship, Emily would never allow that."

She seemed offended by this, as if I was underestimating her skills and she didn't like it one bit.

"You mean the crazy strong little Venusian bitch?" Victoria replied, "Yes, she was... formidable."

"Hey now" Emily replied from a nearby speaker startling the former Alliance Captain.

"Relax cutie; she's a product of her time." I spoke to the air in general "why don't you come down and join us."

"Sure sweetness," she replied, "I'm done charging so I'll be down in a jiff."

"I don't understand what's going on here." Captain Victoria said angrily, "Last I remember I was getting into the escape pod with the Stiletto exploding around us and then I wake up in the middle of an orgy with you and that crazy little Smurf. What the hell is going on?" 

"Well of course you're confused sweetheart," Emily chimed in in person from the doorway causing our guest to visibly tense up, "You've been in stasis for over 300 years."

A History Lesson

That's my Emily, straight to the point. I was planning on breaking that news to the defeated captain a bit more gently. I mean not only had she lost her ship with most of the crew, things were a lot different than they were in her era and everyone she once knew and cared about was likely long dead.

We spent the next several hours with coffee, then breakfast, then lunch explaining the history of the end of the first Solar System War and how the Alliance was ultimately defeated by Venus and the Free-Traders. Emily let me do most of the talking as I was a bit of a history buff, she only stepped in where I was off on the facts or missed an important detail.

"But the Free-Traders were always neutral." the former Alliance Captain inquired, "They played both sides for 'Fun and Profit' as their motto goes, what flipped them?"

Free-Traders were a diverse group of transport crews and privateers that generally inhabited the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. They were a free wheeling culture of sorts with no real central control, not much in common with each other besides freedom from entanglements being their primary ethic. 

"Two things really, in the last year of the conflict Mars attempted to impose some obscure and heavy handed regulations on interplanetary trade that didn't sit well with them." I explained "Venus responded with a declaration that Free-Traders were welcome in Venus ports and openly advocated Trader autonomy. In the end, they saw Venus as a powerful ally in maintaining their way of life."

"Fucking Martians"

"I hear ya sister!" I said raising my glass of wine; we'd been getting a bit drunk for the better part of the last hour. 

The three of us toasted to our mutual disgust for Martian stupidity and for the first time since she woke we shared a moment of almost friendly solidarity.

"So what's with you and Smurfette here anyway?"

"Watch it girl." Emily responded to the slur, though I could tell she wasn't overly offended, not in the way an actual biological Venusian would be.

"Sorry, old habits." Victoria responded "I'm a pretty salty girl so you should probably get used to it."

"I suppose I could live with that," Emily laughed, "but only because you're old."

Although the Alliance Captain was over three hundred years old chronologically, much of that time was spent in stasis so she appeared to be in her mid to late 20's. Victoria responded by sticking out her tongue at Emily, something so childish and out of sync with her badass image that we all busted up laughing.

"So much has changed." She said when we finally calmed down. Then breaking down in tears "You are no longer my enemy, I am sorry I tried to kill you both and take your ship."

"To friendship" Emily said as she raised her glass and we all toasted to that.

Downtime

Things got a bit more somber after that. Over the next few days we revealed that we had her companion rescue pod labeled Lt. R. Kapoor that was apparently in good condition. Emily cautioned Captain Victoria that anything may have happened and not to get her hopes too high. None the less we planned to get the ship back on course for our pick up before attempting the revival.

We also explained Emily's nature a bit more clearly when Victoria got freaked out because it became apparent that Emily could do many things at one time.

There was much to do for Emily and I in ramping back up to speed and course. We'd gotten a bit behind on our maintenance schedule as well. During this time Victoria stayed mostly in her cabin trying to absorb the all the consequences of her situation. I did attempt to cheer her up but Emily wisely told me to stop, she just needed time to adjust.

Then one morning I woke and they were both gone. I didn't worry too much about this at first. I mean where could they go? After I ate breakfast and they still hadn't shown up I called out to Emily.

"Hey Sexy Girl, where are you?"

It took her a moment to respond, which is unusual in itself. 

"Hey Handsome, what's up?" again, not a direct answer to my question. 

"Where are you Emily?"

"Oh we're in the garden torus." The habitable sections of the Endeavor were split into two counter rotating tori. One was crew and passenger quarters, the others housed the garden or farm where we grew most of our fresh food and CO2 was converted to oxygen through photosynthesis. Under the deck grating ran a river stocked with various forms of aquatic life for protein and providing nitrates to the plants. The water pooled in a small contemplation pond as well. The pond was a great place to get away from the being in space feeling. It was nice and relaxing with trails among the plants, which were mostly robotically maintained. Emily and I often went there to make out.

"Is everything OK?" I asked worried about the strange pauses and non-answers. 

Emily had more than enough processing power to do multiple iterations of herself, but if she was engaged in something difficult she would struggle as her programming is primarily designed for a single personality. I started to worry that Victoria might have attacked her again or something.

I went to the nearest terminal and pulled up the remote feeds from the garden torus and stared scanning for signs of them.

"Umm yes everything's fine darling, we're... just... we're."

"Emily, what's going on?"

"We're making love..." and her voice faded.

Just as she said it I saw the two of them locked in a passionate embrace, both were naked and their clothes strewn on the ground around them. Making love, hmm, Emily is usually very precise with her words.

"Ahh that makes sense" I said to my ship that I knew was no longer listening. The singularity of attention during sex was another aspect of her programming. She could run the ship entirely as easy as breathing, but higher intellectual functions were focused when she was sexually aroused, usually by me. 

OK, I admit it. I was jealous.

I couldn't tear my eyes from the screen as I watched them kiss and caress each other. Their hands were between each other's legs as each fingered the other. There was no sound. I suppose I could have tapped in but I was already feeling intrusive for watching this beautiful sight unfold. My cock grew hard in my coveralls.

I looked around before pulling my cock out and stroking it, admittedly this is a really dumb thing to do on a ship with three people, two of which I was watching. It's not like someone was going to walk in on me jacking off to my girlfriend making out with our guest. Hey, I'm only human.

Their bodies were pressed tightly together as they ground and rubbed against each other. Emily's purple skin was pressed against Victoria's darker brown skin. They were a study in passion and their movements were like erotic poetry. In contrast I felt like a total pervert watching and jacking off, but I didn't feel bad enough to stop. Take that as a flaw in my character if you want, but you weren't there, you didn't see what I saw!

They seemed to be talking to each other between kisses and the communications seemed to be getting more intense. They were building to something; I started stroking my cock faster and harder. My coveralls pooled around my ankles.

When they came they did it together, perfect timing. Or at least it looked that way. They held each other tight as both of their bodies started to shake violently. Wholly fuck that was hot. It sent me over the edge and my cock started shooting hot cum all over the wall below the view screen. Their orgasms seemed to stretch on forever, well after I was done. I kept watching.

They lay together for an hour or so after having sex, which was good. It gave me time to clean up the mess I had blasted all over the wall and floor. After a while they got up and strolled naked through the garden holding hands. Then they kissed affectionately, got dressed, and began the journey back to the main habitation torus. 

As I busied myself with making a nice lunch for their return, I felt oddly anxious and that anxiousness made me horny. I'd be fucking the hell out of Emily tonight, I mean if she'd still want to. Maybe she liked Victoria better? The truth is I know these lines of thinking were ridiculous. Emily could be into more than one person and I would always be special to her. At least that is what I hoped.