 Author's Note: Continuation of the adventures of AI Emily and her captain. Same warnings as before, this series will be baudy Sci-Fi and explore all forms of sex. I'd love feedback on the stories, please rate, leave a comment and drop me a line.

*****

Visitors from the Past

I woke up to soft kisses on my neck and the smell of coffee. Damn I love my life. 

"Captain" Emily whispered gently near my ear, "it's time."

Waking up it took me a minute to figure out what exactly it was time for. We'd spent the last six weeks on our own schedule so having something to do on a timetable was an odd feeling all of a sudden. Not that we were lazy, we kept a strict maintenance schedule on the Endeavor, it's just that it only took about six hours a week to keep everything in perfect running order. We also had a LOT of sex, but again we kept our own schedule there too.

I drank my coffee and then we made our way to one of the spoke tubes that leads to the command module. This wasn't entirely necessary as all the controls for the ship were duplicated on any of the many display screens and work stations aboard and of course Emily could control the whole ship with her thoughts alone. Still, there was a nice ritual to it, so we generally did bigger maneuvers there out of a sense of tradition.

At the bottom of the access tube I attempted something Emily was already good at but I couldn't quite get. If you stood at the bottom of the tube and jumped high enough, and pushed off the ladder just right, the lack of centrifugal force as you gained height would allow you to continue on momentum to the center of the ship. It was kind of like being Superman jumping into flight. 

I tried and hit the wall again, so I had to grab the ladder to propel myself the rest of the way. Emily of course followed effortlessly. I'd have to talk to her about programing in a couple of harmless imperfections into her subroutines, I'm not insecure at all, but she was just too damn good at everything.

Once we were in the command module we took a closer look and we could pick up the weak signal coming from the debris field. The thing was really demolished; it was mostly just bits of metal.

"How old is it do you think?" I asked.

"Searching" Emily replied in a bland emotionless tone. Sometimes she laid the "Ship's Computer" shtick on pretty heavily.

"Earth Mars Alliance Vessel, Stiletto Class, approximately..."

"328 Earth years" I finished for her in awe.

"Yes, it dates to the last year of the Conflict." She replied.

The Earth Mars Alliance had waged a bitter war against Venus over control of the resources asteroid belt and outer planets. The Alliance had ultimately fallen to the greater technology Venus possessed, that and it was very difficult to attack the highly maneuverable cloud cities on Venus. There had been many casualties on both sides though and former alliance members were often still bitter about Venusian control of the solar system.

"What is it?" I asked Emily, she was tilting her head like she was listening. I found this gesture unbelievably cute given that she was actually using her external hull sensors and not her ears.

"A distress signal" she said almost absentmindedly, holding up a finger for me to be patient "There."

The display panel view zoomed in on a spinning structure within the wreckage. The structure had some active lights on and looked like a bolo spinning through space.

"What is it?" I asked.

"An escape pod," she replied, "two life forms on board and in stasis."

"Target forward lasers and engage." I replied with some urgency.

OK, I know what this sounds like to all you old Earth sci-fi enthusiasts, but you're wrong. I wasn't carrying out some centuries old grudge on a couple of helpless souls spinning though the solar system. The truth of the situation is that we were traveling at a very high velocity, about 19 kilometers per second in comparison to the escape pod. In about an hour we would intersect with the pod, if we didn't change that velocity relationship we would plow through it faster than a bullet shot from an old Earth gun, likely killing us all.

The lasers would impart some thrust in the same direction we were traveling and the push would slow us down a little. In combination with a full reverse on the EM drives it would slow us enough so that we wouldn't need to use too much of our precious liquid fuel from the ion thrusters. In space electricity is easy to come by, anything with mass is expensive. This method would have the added benefit of clearing the pods from the larger debris field. Flying through that at our current velocity would rip the Endeavor to shreds.

This all worked out pretty well. We fired the ion plasma thrusters as we approached, slowing us down to a relative velocity that was reasonable for an intercept. We'd rely on the tractor beams in the cargo bay to make up any difference and cushion the impact. Another fire of the ion thrusters and we matched the rotation of the escape pods. Deep space salvage is a complicated business.

When the pods were aboard and the cargo bay re-pressurized we were finally able to get a look at what we had. The pods were small, just big enough to fit a human and were connected together by a cable. Looking inside the pods was nearly impossible as the small windows were hopelessly frosted over from the inside. 

There were markings on the side of each pod, these turned out to be names, possibly of the occupants. We selected one pod labeled "Cptn. V. LaPierre" to bring into the combination sick bay / rec room in one of the toroids with gravity. Getting the small pods down the tubes was easy, preventing them from crashing to the floor once the centrifugal gravity took over was more of a challenge, but we managed.

Again, Emily was a huge help here, despite her delicate appearance she was an order of magnitude stronger than I am.

Awakening

"Wow" it was all I could say at first. Emily seemed similarly speechless.

We were both enthralled at the frozen beauty before us on the table before us. Her skin was dark, a lovely milk chocolate brown. Once we stripped her of her flight suit the fullness of her extraordinary beauty became readily apparent. She was curvy, not thin by any stretch. She had large breasts. Her nipples were the velvety dark of semi-sweet dark chocolate. Her hips and ass were wide to match. The hair on her head was a long twist of braids with a few strands of purple and silver woven in. She was definitely root stock Earth born human, and absolutely lovely.

"Well she's definitely not Martian." I commented needlessly. Martians were much smaller and more gracile than Earth and Venusian humans due to the much lower gravity of their planet.

"OK," I said regaining my composure, "what do we do now?"

"According to protocol the serum I just gave her should wake her up in about half an hour."

"So we just wait?" I asked

"Well she will be in pain from muscle atrophy, she has been asleep for over three hundred years, and blood flow will be low for a few hours unless..."

"Unless?"

"Unless we massage her with light, warm oil," she said with a devious little smile "which should help with the blood flow and decrease the muscle pain."

I had to admit it I wanted to touch this amazingly beautiful creature before me. I had to tamp down my sexual desire though; consent is definitely an important component to any sexual activity, a protocol which Emily was also programmed with. I could tell from her expression that she was looking forward to interacting with this woman as much as I was though.

At first rubbing her down with warm oil was kind of weird. She was very cold and had no reaction; it was kind of like massaging a corpse. With time though her limbs started to move a little and her breathing became more perceptible as her enticing breasts rose and fell with each breath. 

After about twenty minutes her dark skin had a warm glow as she was covered from head to toe with the warm oil we were applying. She was letting out small moans of pleasure and probably a bit of pain, she was also beginning to murmur unintelligibly.

I went over to the nearest Com panel to monitor Captain LaPierre's life signs. Everything was on course; her core temperature had nearly reached normal. Her heart was beating a bit faster than expected, but not beyond healthy parameters.

"Oooh!" Emily exclaimed then, "Oh my!"

Looking over my shoulder I saw Ms. LaPierre had woken enough to have her hand up the back of Emily's short uniform skirt. From the way the material was moving our patient was groping Emily's ass. I honestly couldn't blame her, Emily had a beautifully plump ass.

"Well that is an interesting development," I said in response to what was going on, "has she said anything yet."

"No Captain, but she is quite..." Emily started then moaned trying to keep her composure "forceful."

Under Attack

In retrospect we should have seen it coming and strapped her down. This person was from a time that Venus was still at war with her Alliance. In our defense though, violence in this day and age is just hard to conceive of. I think it's a testament to how far we've come as a species.

It all started in an instant, so fast I couldn't react in time. One second our patient's hand was pleasantly groping Emily's ass, her other hand reached up to play with Emily's soft dark purple hair. In the next that hand formed a fist of her hair and pulled Emily's head down to hers for a rough and intense kiss.

Then Captain St. Louis turned the tables almost literally. Emily was on her back and her patient was on top of her, straddling her with both hands around her throat.

"Fucking Venusian Whore!" the former Alliance Captain shouted.

I didn't react too quickly here for several reasons. The first was this woman was apparently trained in hand to hand combat and I really didn't want to get hurt. The second and more rational reason is that I had learned my lesson form Emily's earlier shenanigans. I was only human and so was her attacker. Emily on the other hand, despite her delicate appearance had more than seven times the strength of an average human. She also had control of all of the ship's functions and could do any number of things to stop this if she wanted to. She was clearly playing the submissive here for diplomatic reasons.

So I stood and watched despite my masculine instincts to intervene, I am not even sure that Ms. LaPierre knew I was there yet. She was beautiful in her ferocity, her dark eyes flashing in anger and something else as she looked down on her captive.

She reached down and ripped open Emily's top, she stopped and admired Emily's beautiful tits for the merest second before the Captain's head dropped to Emily's right breast. 

"Ahhhh!" Emily cried out as her back arched under her assailant. Ms. LaPierre started to grind her hips down hard against Emily's exposed thigh. I noticed that Emily's delicate pale purple hands rested lightly on her attacker's hips indicating her calmness with the situation despite her cries of anguish.

The former Alliance Captain seemed to go back and forth between her apparent physical desires for Emily and attempts to kill or hurt her. She must be in a daze from coming out of stasis. I let it go on until the Captain's hands went back around Emily's throat.

I wasn't concerned for Emily per se, as I mentioned above she can take care of herself. She didn't really even need to breathe. I was worried her body would get damaged though and besides it would be a fun role to come to her rescue.

I moved quietly up behind Emily's attacker. I am not really a fighter so I wasn't entirely sure how to proceed. I took a clue from her moves and grabbed her long braids in one hand and brought my other arm around the front of her body to menacingly put my hand around her throat. This put my forearm between those large beautiful breasts.

She growled, actually growled when she felt me envelop her. Then her body relaxed back against mine. Her ample ass pressed back against my involuntarily hardening cock. She let out a long low moan and ground her ass up and down my cock. 

All of this was very distracting, which I found out a second later was probably actually the point. I found myself all of a sudden on my back looking up at her. She was straddling my waist and I could feel the heat of her very real human pussy radiating through my thin coveralls.

Looking up at her, feeling her grind her pussy against my cock, I was absolutely helpless. She looked down at me, big dark eyes and long lashes that couldn't be natural. My mouth watered to take one of her large dark nipples in my mouth, but she had me trapped as she rode up and down dry fucking me.

Then she was on me aggressively kissing me and me aggressively kissing back. My coveralls we being ripped off of my body. I worked my hands free to grab and caress her ass as our bodies moved together. Then somehow, amazingly I was free of the coveralls entirely. Shifting my weight I threw her on her back, her legs spread wide so I drove my cock deeply into her sopping wet pussy.

"Ohhh Fuck!" She cried out as my cock thrust deep into her. Her hips thrust back to meet me and from there it was just all out animalistic fucking. Her legs wrapped around my waist, her fingernails raked my back as her body came alive, all of those beautiful curves bouncing in concert with each thrust of our bodies.

She shifted her hips and was once again on top of me, this time my hands were free to caress those gorgeous breasts, her milk chocolate skin and dark nipples a stark contrast to my pale yellowish pink skin. Her whole body seemed to be in motion constantly as she bounced up and down on my raging hard cock.

She looked down at me and once again she looked confused for a second and then her expression shifted from one of pure sexual ecstasy to one of rage. Her hips kept fucking my cock but her hand went to my neck and began to choke me. This was bad as my very real neck supplied blood and air to my very biological body and brain. Specks of light were starting to invade my vision.

"Sorry sweetie," Emily's calm voice came from behind the Alliance Captain's shoulder, "I can't allow that."

Almost instantly Emily had Ms. LaPierre's arms pinned behind her back. During all of this her hips never stopped rocking back and forth on my cock. Air and blood flooded back into my brain. The Captain struggled for a second against Emily's far superior strength before giving up.

With her arms pinned behind her back her amazing breasts were thrust forward and her back arched as we fucked. Emily began kissing her neck from behind and one of her hands moved up and down the front of the Captain's voluptuous body. Eventually Emily's hand traveled over the swell of Ms. LaPierre's beautiful belly to settle between her legs.

I could feel her fingers rubbing the Captain's clit as she rode up and down my cock. Her moans got louder as Emily eventually let go of the Captain's arms and brought her other hand around the front to play with her big bouncing tits. With one hand rubbing her clit and the other teasing her nipples, Emily was playing Ms. LaPierre like a musical instrument. She responded beautifully.

"Ahhh mmmm ahhh!" the Alliance Captain cried out, "You little fucking bitch, you're gonna make me fucking cum!"

Then she was in the throes of an orgasm. Her eyes rolled back and her body convulsed rhythmically as she came hard on my cock. As the aftershocks of her orgasm subsided the former Alliance Captain seemed to come to her senses a bit.

"God Damn it!" She said pushing Emily away from her hard enough that the android fell onto her back. Ms. LaPierre was staring at her hard. Emily looked to the side submissively and spread her legs, her skirt was bunched up around her waist. Emily slid two fingers up and down her wet pussy seductively, then spread hers lips open revealing her clit.

The Alliance Captain licked her lips hungrily before hooking her arms under Emily's legs and bringing the Venusian's pussy up to her dark lips. Emily made submissive little noises as the darker woman went down on her.

This left the Captain's beautiful ass up in the air. I moved up behind her I felt her ass push back into me. I buried my cock in her pussy again, slowly at first but building in speed with each thrust. Soon I was slamming my cock into her causing shock waves to travel across the ample flesh of her ass.

Emily was on the edge of her own orgasm as I pounded away on the Captains pretty pussy.

"Yes, yes, yes," she cried out, "Please don't stop, yes, right there...ahhhhhh!" Then Emily's body was convulsing with her own signature orgasm. I wasn't far behind, my desire for this voluptuous woman's body driving me.

I was about to cum but I needed to do one last thing. I roughly pushed the Captain over onto her back and put my cock back into her. I thrust inside her four or five more times, looking directly into her eyes. Then my cock was about to explode. I pulled it out just as hot cum sprayed across her belly and tits. The pearly whiteness of the cum contrasting beautifully with her dark skin.

She collapsed onto her back, her torso completely covered in cum. Emily snuggled up to the left side of her, I did the same on the right. I lowered my mouth to her dark nipple to taste a thick drop of cum. Emily and I sighed contentedly as we molded our three bodies together.

"Who the fuck are you guys?" The Captain asked.

"I'm Captain Jacque of the Star Ship Endeavor and that lovely lady over there is Emily." I responded.

She was about to ask another questions but I forestalled her "Just relax for now Ms. LaPierre; we have a lot to talk about when you're rested."

After that she did fall into a restless sleep. She kept murmuring over and over "Kap, oh my sweet Kap..." and then drift back off.

Kap, the short name triggered something in my mind. The side of the other pod was labeled "Lt. R. Kapoor" 

The intimate way that she murmured the name, I wondered if they were lovers. Then I couldn't help but wonder what waking him was going to be like.