 Author's Note: This story contains bisexual male intimacy, romance and sex. I realize this is not everyone's cup of tea, but in my stories any character can end up with another at any time if the mood is right. I've never quite understood why people are so into girl on girl but get so freaked out by a little guy on guy love. I hope you have an open mind for this third installment of Space Captain Victoria and come along for a fun and enjoyable ride as we add another character. As always thank you for reading and comments and voting are greatly appreciated.

*****

Captain's Log: 

At least I think I am still the Captain, sometimes it is difficult to tell. The Endeavor is in tip top shape and under way towards our hydrogen pickup in the Jovian system. Current cargo of terrestrial planet goods, consisting mostly of comfort foods and mass produced electronics, is safely stowed and should fetch a enough profit to justify hauling the massive empty hydrogen tanks all around the solar system.

Our guest, the ravishing and rather domineering Victoria LaPierre is settling in well and getting along with the ship's AI Emily rather famously. I am disappointed in myself to say that I am rather jealous of their relationship. Emily is quick to point out that our sex life together has increased nearly 10% over the week prior to waking the ancient warrior, and expanded to include several threesomes with the aforementioned guest that were admittedly amazing. I guess I am just used to it being just the two of us. It makes me feel selfish to feel this way, but it is what I feel all the same.

Emily for her part is overjoyed at the opportunity to connect with another mind. She has had little interaction with other people since her inception and sometimes it is hard to remember that she is only two years old, being a fully formed adult AI. I won't deny her the opportunity to learn and grow, I'll get over it.

We wake Ms. LaPierre's companion, Lieutenant Rabinesh "Kap" Kapoor tomorrow, which has us all a bit nervous. The waking process is complicated and given the interesting behavior Captain Victoria displayed upon waking we are not really sure what to expect. Of course he could also be long dead, which I hope is not the case for Victoria's sake, they were close friends and lovers before their ship was destroyed. Emily and I both worry about the devastation she may experience if she loses this last tie to her own time.

Waking the good Lieutenant 

Thick clouds of rapidly condensed moisture hissed around us as we opened the hatch on the rescue pod. Getting the bulky thing down here was much easier with Victoria's help. It was also enjoyable watching Victoria's rippling muscles as she helped maneuver the pod from the low G cargo bay down into the rotating habitat ring. She wasn't nearly as strong as Emily, but her muscles were wonderfully organic and a pleasure to watch move and flex.

The Lieutenant's body was in good shape, covered with a layer of frost. He was a very handsome man apparently as his name implied was of the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent on earth. He was lithe, muscular, and swarthy with a short beard. He looked peaceful in his rest.

As with Victoria, we began with Emily administering a serum to begin the awakening process. The three of us all began massaging his long muscular limbs as his body was gradually warmed. Our hope was that having a friendly face there in Victoria would make the whole process considerably less violent than her awaking had been.

As with Victoria, the cold of his skin and the lifeless sleep made it feel as if we were massaging a corpse. I really hoped we weren't and I could see the worry on Victoria's face.

"Was I like this?" she asked.

"Yes, very much so," I replied, "the process takes some time."

We kept rubbing until his entire body glistened with oil. Victoria visibly relaxed with the first twitches of toes and fingers. The monitors on the wall began to pick up a noticeable heart beat and pulse.

"Oh my" Emily exclaimed softly as she was the first to notice Kap's growing erection.

"Mmm nice isn't it?" Victoria responded with a smirk.

"It's big" Emily replied in awe.

And it was, big and beautiful in a way that made me feel really uncomfortable. At about 20 centimeters he was much longer than me and a bit thicker to boot. As I was massaging his shoulders I was feeling a bit inadequate all around. I mean here I was, feeling like I was losing my ship and my girlfriend to another woman and now I'm massaging this good looking guy with a bigger cock than me. I don't normally worry about these kinds of things, really, but it was hard to take all the same.

Before long the Lieutenant was thrusting his hips upward, his rigid cock stuck out at a forty five degree angle from his body. Victoria was the first to grab ahold of it and start stroking him. Then she looked up and smiled sheepishly at Emily. 

Emily tentatively reached out and looked to Victoria for permission. Victoria nodded her ascent and soon they were both massing oil into his thick ridged member. Lt. Kapoor didn't seem to mind as he groaned and thrust between their caressing hands.

Then Victoria bent her head and took his big dick between her soft lips and started sucking. After a while of sucking him she looked up and offered his cock to Emily.

Emily didn't hesitate and took his cock deep into her mouth. Victoria grabbed Emily's hair and pushed her head sensuously up and down the cock as her other hand stroked him into her lips. Kap's eyes fluttered open and he groaned.

There was no doubt this was turning me on like crazy, yet in a weird way that I wasn't entirely comfortable with. I found my hands massaging the Lieutenant's chest as the ladies took turns sucking his beautiful cock. Yes I can admit it; he had a beautiful cock OK. You'd say so too if you saw it.

As the Lieutenant took in the scene with growing awareness he began to lash out with arms and legs all at once. Emily was much quicker this time, grabbing his wrists and pinning him to the sick bay bed. He still hadn't seen Victoria's face as he was currently thrusting his cock deep into her throat. She stopped and moved up so he could see her.

"Shhh, shhh, shhh," she cooed, "It's OK, I am here Kap."

"What the.. Victoria?" Kap replied sounding confused but with a lovely English accent, "where am I?"

"In time sweetheart," she responded softly, "for now just relax."

At this she went back to lovingly sucking his cock. He surrendered to it and visibly relaxed. Emily let him go and joined Victoria in giving him pleasure.

Then his gaze caught my eyes as I was massaging his chest and shoulders. Our gazes locked, I was sucked into the warm depth of his dark eyes. His hips moved sensuously up and down as he drew me in with his gaze. It was impossible to look away.

Seemingly of their own volition, my hands kept massaging his muscular chest. I could see the ladies lovingly sucking his cock in my peripheral vision, but his gaze was uncomfortably intimate. My cock was hard and I found myself grinding it against the edge of the bed.

Looking up at me, the Lieutenant ran both his hands up my chest as he thrust is hips into the waiting mouths of the Emily and Victoria. They were both eagerly pleasing his raging hard cock with their hands, lips and tongues. Lt. Kapoor's hands ran up my neck and cupped my face as he continued to gaze so deeply at me I felt like he could see everything about me, so that for the first time in my life I felt like I understood what people meant when they said someone could see into their soul. I had never been much for religious mumbo jumbo, but this was a very heady experience.

As his fingers reached my lips I found myself readily sucking them deep into my mouth. I also found myself jealous of the girls who were happily slurping on his magnificent cock. The whole sensation was very strange for me. 

OK, so a little background here. I was raised Venusian on the cloud city of Xanadu. The Pleasure Dome as most referred to it was the capital of Venus. Venusian society is highly sexual and sensual by Earth standards and most Venusians were at least bisexual. Engaging in sex play with both sexes was part of becoming an adult in Venusian society, and I was no exception. 

So I'd been with Venusian guys a few times, but that was just fooling around, just something you did. This, well this was different. Lieutenant Kapoor was undeniably more masculine than any Venusian male beyond the third generation and his gaze; it was just so unrelentingly sensual. I had never felt anything like this before and I found it quite disturbing how entranced and intensely horny I was.

So I was more or less helpless as he slid two fingers in and out of my mouth. I sucked them like I wanted to suck his cock. My own cock was grinding against the bed as I continued to massage his muscular smooth chest. I gasped around his probing fingers when his other hand found my left nipple and gave it a firm squeeze.

"Oh fuck yeah!" I heard Victoria exclaim as I opened my eyes to see her looking at me with a sly smirk "Mmm yeah suck it!"

"Ohhh god Vicky..." Lt. Kapoor moaned with a rich masculine voice. The familiar use of her name sounded strange in my ears, but the recognition was a good sign that he was recovering well.

"Fuck it, I can't wait anymore." Victoria continued as she disrobed, freeing her massive breasts with her dark nipples hard. Emily was still giving the good Lieutenant head while her darker companion climbed up on the hospital bed and lowered her dripping wet pussy on to Kapoor's massive shaft.

Immediately her back arched, her hips thrust back, her chest thrust out proudly as she began to fuck him slowly and sensuously.

Emily climbed up on the bed behind her and her purple hand slid over the dark skin of Victoria's belly to snake down between her legs. Victoria let out another loud gasp as Emily found her clit. Emily was kissing Victoria's neck and rubbing her pussy as she rode up and down on Lt. Kapoor's big cock. 

This was almost too much for me to take. It seemed so for the rest of our little group as Lt. Kapoor was pumping his cock into Captain Victoria's pussy hard and fast now. Captain Victoria was meeting each thrust with one of her own and Emily seemed to be in absolute ecstasy pleasuring Victoria, her golden eyes half closed in pure pleasure.

Lt. Kapoor was fucking my mouth deeply with two fingers and pinching my nipple harder. Part of me absently wondered why I was letting him do this to me. Another part, I have to admit was relishing the raw sexuality of it.

"Ohh god, Vicky," Lt. Kapoor moaned deeply as he thrust relentlessly into the Alliance Captain's willing body.

"Ohh fuck yes Kap, baby, yes!" Victoria responded.

Victoria was riding up and down his hard shaft leaving it slick with her juices. His massive cock slammed deep into her wet pussy as she rode him hard.

"Vicky I'm gonna cum!" he shouted as his body undulated and shook, the muscles of his torso flexing beautifully under his oil slick olive skin.

"Do it Kap, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried in response, her body quivering with her own beginning orgasm. The scene was so beautiful, both of them shaking uncontrollably and moaning, Emily caressing Victoria's body. I closed my eyes relishing the moment and grinding harder against the bed.

It seemed to last forever. I was on the inexorable build to my own orgasm as I sucked his fingers frantically, my hips thrusting my hard cock against the mattress. I couldn't help it. I was moaning around his fingers. I was lost in the sensations.

As I started to cum a dim realization filtered through the fog that the other sounds in the room had stopped with the exception of heavy breathing. I felt the warmth of my cum spread down my legs and soak my uniform. I opened my eyes to three gazes meeting mine all showing varying degrees of amusement. I blushed deeply.

"Well then," Lt. Kapoor interrupted in his rich Earth English accent "I suppose I have some catching up to do."

It was well timed to take the attention off of me and my odd display of sexual intensity. As he said this I was painfully aware of the cum stain cooling on my uniform coveralls. I have no idea why I was so disturbed by the situation, but I was. I felt an urgent need to be out of the room, to be alone with my thoughts.

"Yes indeed you do Lieutenant," I replied formally and a bit stiffly, "I'm Captain Jacque, welcome aboard the Starship Endeavor. Emily and Victoria will see to your needs and bring you up to speed on your current situation." 

With that I turned on my heel and exited the room at a brisk pace like I had urgent business to attend to somewhere. As I headed down the hallway I didn't even know where I felt like I needed to go, so I just headed towards my quarters.

"Hey sweetie," Emily's voice followed me through the ships many speakers, "Is everything OK?"

"Yeah I'm fine." I replied tersely.

"You don't sound fine hon," she probed, "and you were a bit abrupt with our new guest. Victoria and I are a bit worried about you."

"I don't know Emily," I replied "I'm not sure how I am feeling, I'll be fine I am sure but I just need some time alone I think."

"OK..." she replied skeptically, but didn't push further.

I made it to my quarters and shucked my cum stained uniform. I didn't even bother showering as I jumped into bed nude and killed the lights. Curling up into a fetal position, I fell into a fitful sleep haunted by dreams of dark eyes, olive skin and Lt. Kapoor's beautiful cock.

Sometime later Emily came in silently and crawled into bed with me. She stroked my hair and hummed softly a little tune I didn't know but found comforting anyway. We made love, her riding me slowly and lovingly until I reached a sweet release. Then she cuddled me until I fell asleep.

A bit later I felt her get up and leave. 

"Emily," I said, and she stopped silhouetted in the doorway as she turned, "Thank you."

"Of course Sweetie," she replied, then added, "I love you, you know."

"I love you too Emily." I replied earnestly. 

Then she left leaving me to ponder a whole new set of feelings. Although I had been feeling it for a long time, I had never said it. Nor had she. When we were alone on the ship there didn't seem to be a need. Now that the words were spoken out loud though, well things were different. I was in love.

Lying back in bed with a big smile on my face I stroked the bulkhead above me. I felt safe and warm and drowsy.

"Good Night Emily" I said to the air above me.

"Good night Lover." She replied.

All was well again, I fell into a happy dreamless sleep.