 Author's Note: This is set in the same setting as my Allure of Dreams series, but it isn't necessary to read that first. 

****** 

Thirty students filed into the classroom and made their way to their seats. The teacher had yet to arrive, so they chatted amongst themselves. 

The classroom had several similarities with one on Earth. There was a blackboard in front, a row of windows on the side opposite the door, and several bookshelves and a map of the world in the back of the room. The students sat on chairs and behind individual desks, while there was a podium in front for the teacher to use. 

But despite these similarities, this was definitely not an Earth classroom. Nowhere was this more apparent than in the students. 

They were all female, and all clearly not human. They possessed a seemingly-divine beauty that master artists would struggle to recreate. Their skin was entirely smooth and free of defects, and in many cases was of an inhuman shade such as red, blue or green. Similarly their hair had a vibrant sheen and, depending on the individual, was meticulously styled or deliberately messy. They all had voluptuous figures, with breasts that were on average as large as their heads, and wide hips with firm round asses. However, there was some variation aside from that: some had wasp-thin waists and slender limbs, some had layers of soft fat that lent them a maternal atmosphere, and some had powerful muscles that could have deflected bullets. Finally, they had additional features, such as furry limbs, feathered wings, or scaly tails, which only accentuated their beauty. 

The uniform the students wore was another thing that differentiated them from human students. It consisted of a pale green shirt with a dip in the front to expose their abundant cleavage, a dark blue miniskirt that bared their long legs, white socks and black shoes. Some had gone further and customised their uniform, shortening the shirt to expose their midriff or adding slits to the skirt to show off even more of their thighs. 

To reiterate - they were not humans, and this wasn't Earth. They were Sylvalans, an all-female species that was defined by their eroticism and sensuality. This place was Allura, an alternate world where Sylvalans were the dominant species instead of humans. 

Though the school was located in a certain unusual area of Allura... but that's a story for another time. 

Finally, the sound of footsteps announced the teacher's arrival. Those students with a better sense of hearing noticed that there was more than one person approaching. 

Two people entered the room. One was the class' usual teacher, a nymph. Nymphs lacked the more obviously inhuman features of other Sylvalans, but their exaggeratedly-feminine appearance was otherwise similar. It was the other person who attracted the attention of the students. 

She had horns like a ram, bat-like wings and a spaded tail - the features of a succubus. She had shoulder-length black hair, in a messy style that partly covered one of her golden eyes. She had deep blue skin and a slightly slimmer figure than that of the average Sylvalan. She wore a figure-hugging suit with a miniskirt, black stockings, and red high heels - the kind of outfit that might be worn by a porn star playing a teacher or a businesswoman. But the most notable thing about her was her aura of mischief. From the cheeky smile on her lips to the wicked light in her eyes, everything about her suggested that she was up to no good. 

The succubus looked at the students and grinned. Holding her hand in a peace sign, she declared, "Hi there, I'm Mindy! Have any of you heard about me?" 

The class burst with excitement. The students asked each other what Mindy was doing here, many asked her for an autograph, and a few were audacious enough to ask her to fuck them right there and then. 

Their reaction was by no means excessive. For Mindy was one of the Four Pillars - the four leaders of the country, named for the idea of being four pillars that held up the construction of society. And Mindy was by far the most beloved of the four, with her friendly demeanour and frequent interactions with the people - in all senses of the word. 

The nymph teacher cleared her throat to get everyone's attention and said, "Hello, class. You're probably wondering what you'll be doing today. I can tell you that it's something different from usual." 

"Today, you'll be having a practical class, with me as your guest teacher, and the subject is..." Mindy said, then finished in as formal a tone as she could manage, "sexual intercourse." 

This made the students even more excited. Many couldn't believe it, for it was like all of one's greatest dreams coming true at once. 

The nymph teacher left, and Mindy stepped up to the podium. 

"Now then, some of you are probably thinking that I'll be handling this all on my own," Mindy said, placing just enough emphasis on the word 'handling' to make half the class blush in embarrassment. "But I'm afraid that's not true. That's because... you're all getting something even better. Come in, Patrick!" 

The door opened again and a young man walked in. Unlike everyone else in the room, he was human. He was of medium height and build, with curly brown hair and grey eyes. He wore only a single pair of shorts, leaving the rest of his body exposed. Understandably, he was shaking with nervousness at being in front of an audience and tried in vain to cover himself up. 

Taking pity on the man, Mindy walked over and took his hand, leading him over to the podium. She announced to the class, "This is Patrick, a Transient I found. We had a little talk - " Patrick blushed terribly at this, making it clear to all what this 'talk' had entailed, " - and I suggested that he could help me educate the next generation. After all, he'll only be here for a few more hours, so why not make those few hours something he'll never forget?" 

In this area of Allura, men appeared seemingly out of nowhere, unable to remember how they got here. Though the cause was unknown, this was a vital part of society as Sylvalans could only give birth to more Sylvalans. The overwhelming majority of these men were Transients, disappearing within a few hours of their appearance, though almost always getting the chance to mingle with the locals first. A tiny minority of them were Permanents, men who didn't disappear... but that, too, is a story for another time. 

Mindy's words caused the class to shiver with anticipation. Only a few of them had ever had sex with a man before, the rest having only had other Sylvalans for pleasurable company. And now they were getting a personal lesson in doing so, from someone who was arguably the expert on sex? It almost sounded too good to be true. 

Patrick also reacted to these words. His anxiety at being so lightly-dressed in front of so many vanished, and was replaced by a growing desire. His eyes roamed over the thirty students who looked like porn stars in a school-themed flick, and many of them winked or blew kisses at him. He'd already been told by Mindy what the lesson would involve - after she had personally shown him the pleasures a Sylvalan could bring - but seeing it firsthand was another thing entirely. Unsurprisingly, his shorts were tented by a considerable erection, causing several of the students to murmur appreciatively. 

Mindy smiled knowingly and said, "Now, I know what you're all thinking, but this is still a school lesson. It's not time to just play around." She adopted a serious tone of voice and continued, "Pay attention, class, for this is something critical to your future. This is something that every Sylvalan absolutely needs to learn." 

Once all of the students were sitting up straight and listening carefully, Mindy giggled mischievously and said, "How to fuck a guy's brains out." 

There was a shocked silence, which Mindy put an end to by grabbing Patrick and pulling him into a deep, passionate, hungry kiss. 

The sight was so erotic that a few of the students began masturbating then and there. The legendary succubus used one hand to hold Patrick's head and keep his lips joined with hers. She also pressed her breasts against his chest and used her other hand to gently squeeze his butt. Her hapless partner was unable to move an inch, making it easy to see why succubi were said in some tales to suck out the lives of their victims. 

Finally, Mindy drew away from her assistant, causing him and several of the students to moan in unfulfilled need. Turning to the class, she smiled and said, "That's how a kiss should be. I always like to start a round of fucking with a nice wet kiss. Some say that it's better to skip it and go straight to the main course, but that's just silly. If you do it right, a kiss is a great way of increasing your partner's arousal, and giving a hint of what you're going to do to them next." 

To punctuate these words, Mindy raised a finger to her lips and gave it a slow, sensual lick. This had the expected reaction from Patrick and the students, and Mindy giggled. 

"Now that I've given you a demonstration, it's time for your first task," Mindy said. "I want you all to pair up and practice kissing each other. It might be one of the basics, but it'll give me an idea of your individual skills. Obviously, it'll be a little different from kissing a man - for one thing, you won't have a nice hard cock rubbing up against your pussy - " she giggled when Patrick blushed at this, " - but the essentials are still the same. So get to work!" 

The students followed her instructions, and soon the classroom was filled with muffled moans and gasps of pleasure. Mindy walked along the desks, inspecting each pair and offering advice when needed. Fortunately, all of them were skilled enough that they didn't make any of the basic mistakes, like squashing their noses or clacking their teeth together. 

After five minutes, Mindy was satisfied and called a halt to the mass kissing session. The students, now with flushed faces and traces of sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. A few of them needed to force themselves to pay attention again. 

"Okay, all of you get a passing mark for that, so you can be proud of yourselves," Mindy said. "Now I'll move on to the part that you're all probably waiting for." 

Mindy tapped the teacher's podium with a finger, causing it to quiver. She stepped back and the podium distorted and grew, eventually settling into the shape of a queen-sized bed. As Mindy was a master of transformation magic, even such a drastic a change in size and composition was simple for her. 

She then asked for Patrick to take off his shorts, and he complied with some nervousness. The class was awed at the sight of his exposed and erect cock, with some beginning to drool. He had an average endowment, but that didn't matter to Sylvalans. As long as it shot out its delicious white load, they would suck and fuck a cock of any size. 

Mindy beckoned for Patrick to lie in the centre of the bed, side-on so that they could see the full length of his body. After taking off her shoes, she climbed on as well and knelt beside him. 

"Alright, class, pay close attention to what I say and do," Mindy said. "You should take notes - assuming you can keep at least one hand free, that is." 

Mindy sat on Patrick's groin, pinning his cock beneath her large but firm ass. "This is another basic skill to heighten arousal," she said. "It's harder than it looks, since you need to use your legs so you don't put your full weight on the guy's cock. If you just plop your ass down, it'll feel uncomfortable and not pleasurable at all. You might have heard stories about men's cocks being like steel rods, able to take any punishment. Those stories come from Sylvalans who are total virgins for men. You need to treat a cock gently." 

She began moving back and forth, caressing the cock between her round ass cheeks. "Once you're sitting in this spot, you can progress to doing this," Mindy said. "Again, make sure you control the pressure, keep a gentle touch. The nice thing about this technique is that you can feel the hard cock rubbing up against you, desperately trying to get into your pussy or ass." She looked down at Patrick and coyly asked him, "Sound about right?" 

The assault of pleasure overpowered Patrick's anxiety at doing such things in public. It also made it difficult for him to formulate words, so he instead nodded rapidly. 

Giggling, Mindy moved on to the next part. She lowered and shifted her body so that her face was just inches away from Patrick's chest, and extended a hand towards his cock. 

"This is a slightly rarer technique," Mindy said. "It's been given a lot of names, like the 'nip 'n wank', the 'reverse suckling handjob', the - oh, I forget the rest. Anyway, you can call it whatever name suits you." 

Mindy extended her pink tongue, glistening with saliva, and began licking away at Patrick's nipple. At the same time, she pumped Patrick's cock with her hand, using her thumb to toy with the sensitive glans. The dual sensations were too much for Patrick to bear and he couldn't stop himself from moaning. 

Watching, and listening, to this carnal demonstration filled the students with a burning lust. Each and every one of them longed to be the one up there on the bed, in Mindy's place. All of them were masturbating now, desperately fingering and fondling in a hopeless attempt to satisfy their lust. Many had given up on taking notes altogether, instead opting to burn the scene before them into their eyes. 

Mindy continued until she'd completely soaked Patrick's nipple in her warm saliva, while her own hand was covered in his abundant precum. She raised her body and showed off her hand to the class, saying, "See? Even though it isn't used much, this is a very effective technique. A lot of people think that male nipples aren't meant for receiving pleasure, many men included, but that's just a myth." She reached down and playfully pinched a nipple with her fingers, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from Patrick. "As long as he's fine with it, you can go ahead and lick and toy with his nipples to spice up the sex." 

The succubus then began unbuttoning her shirt, removing the buttons one by one in a slow and deliberate manner. She unveiled her twin hills of soft-yet-perky flesh, supported by a lacy black bra that served to emphasise rather than conceal. She reached back, unhooked the bra and casually threw it to the side, letting her magnificent tits bounce freely. 

"Like what you see?" Mindy asked, smirking at the positive response she got from all. She cupped her breasts, squeezing them between her fingers. "'Breasts', 'bosoms', 'tits', 'knockers' - a hundred and one names, and a hundred and one ways to use them. When you're alone, you can play with them to pleasure yourself. When you're with other people, you can use them in all sorts of ways to pleasure them. Recently, there's been a lot of emphasis on titjobs - or 'titfucks', or 'mammary intercourse' to use the proper word - but in the end, you can never go wrong by using them as they were intended." 

Mindy leaned down and pressed her abundant breasts on Patrick's face, bringing a dark blue nipple to his mouth. Patrick sucked, and soon felt the delectable drops on his tongue. It started out as a trickle, but soon grew to a stream of milk, and Patrick gulped it down with relish. Mindy sighed in delight at the suckling, giving her assistant an affectionate pat on the head. 

It wasn't that Mindy was pregnant or had recently given birth. Sylvalans did not need to have a child in order to lactate. For them, the production and consumption of milk were inextricably tied to sex. As long as they were aroused and their nipples received stimulation, they could lactate. Moreover, Sylvalan milk contained a cocktail of aphrodisiacs, spurring on the drinker to heights of greater ecstasy. 

Patrick was no exception to this. As the warmth of the milk filled his body, his cock grew even harder and became yet more sensitive. He grasped both of Mindy's tits in his hands and squeezed and stroked them, encouraging more milk flow. The tit that he wasn't suckling from also produced milk, quickly soaking his hand. 

A purple flush spread across Mindy's face. She put her hands on the bed to steady herself, but couldn't stop herself from shuddering in pleasure. She also wasn't able to muster up the will to tell Patrick to stop draining her breasts of milk. 

Finally, Patrick had his fill. Mindy breathed heavily a few times before she could speak again. "Ahh... I've shown you an embarrassing side of myself... My own nipples are really sensitive, and I tend to get carried away when they're being suckled..." After some encouragement from Patrick, she regained her clarity. "Ahem! Anyway, time to move on." 

Mindy now moved her tail, raising it for the class to see. The spade on the end swelled and changed in shape, becoming a long bulb with a central hole that dripped with fluid. 

"This one's something associated with succubi, but it isn't just limited to us," Mindy said. "For example, alraunes can do it with their flowers, and amorphs can do by changing the structure of their pseudopods. What do you think about it, Patrick?" 

The male assistant gulped as he looked at the strange tail. He'd been told the lesson plan in advance, but seeing such an inhuman sex organ in person still gave him pause. In the end, the devilish allure of Mindy won out, and Patrick answered, "Go ahead, use it on me!" 

With a satisfied grin, Mindy plunged the tail onto Patrick's shaft, engulfing its entire length. Patrick immediately threw back his head in ecstasy. The sensation of the succubus' tail was different from a mouth, a hand, a pussy or an ass. The inside of the wet hole was filled with tiny folds that relentlessly caressed his sensitive cock. The very end of the hole seemed to lick at his glans like a tongue. The tail as a hole contracted in waves, creating a varying pressure that was perfectly suited to squeezing out semen. 

Even before the tail, Patrick was incredibly aroused from all that Mindy had done to him. The milk he had just drunk raised his sensitivity to the limit, such that even a faint breeze brushing against his skin gave him pleasure. And this was the tail of a succubus, one famed for her sexual skill among an entire species of sexual beings. He simply couldn't hold on any longer. 

The hammer of climax struck Patrick. Arching his back, clawing at the bed's sheets, he let loose a torrent of life-giving fluid into Mindy's tail. 

The succubus also moaned as her orifice was filled. To Sylvalans, human semen wasn't just needed for reproduction - it was the ultimate delicacy, with an indescribably-tasty flavour and a high content of energy. This was why they sought men with such fervour, and had bodies exquisitely suited to making them climax. 

Needless to say, the students paid full attention to the display. Many had brought themselves to orgasm as well, with a few even doing so multiple times - that was how heart-stoppingly erotic it was. 

Mindy withdrew her tail from Patrick's cock. She allowed a tiny amount of semen to trickle out, to show to the class. Not letting it go to waste, she caught the semen in her hand and licked it up, savouring the rich taste. She looked around at the class and said, "Enjoyed the show? Don't slack off, now... we still have a few more hours to go." She looked down at Patrick, who was still very much erect thanks to the effects of her milk, and asked, "Can you keep up?" 

Patrick nodded, and the lesson continued, with Mindy showing off more techniques to steal a man's heart and make him shoot out his white prize. Mindy demonstrated how to give a blowjob, how to give a titjob, and how to do both at once, eventually leading to her face and chest being painted white with semen. After licking herself clean, she took off her black panties and sat on Patrick's hand, allowing him to finger her pussy, then sat on his face and screamed in delight as he ate her out. 
