 It was a pleasant day at the city-planet Majestic, the holographic screens the formed the heavens projecting a clear summer's day, all mauve sky with a smattering of pale clouds. Not that it was visible through the hazy smog of the Citadel that was. Such an imposing name for such a seedy structure. Captain Aston 'Noble' Shakespeare had visited the shady planet many a time, and done deals with many a shadier person (or creature). His ship (originally the HMV 'Snow Leopard'); the Imperial Free Vessel 'Archangel ' was an empirical cruise ship which his brother had plundered on one of his rebel attacks against the Empire. His crew was a motley bunch of humanoid aliens, hybrids and exotic aliens, all with either a criminal record, or running from the Empire because of some deed or another. Aston himself was a humanoid alien, coming from the planet Zyrene; a small trading community that was known for their good looks and smooth tongues. 

Setting one steel toed boot down on the gang plank from his ship to the main port, the Captain cast an imposing figure over the shady dealers and withered gamblers that littered the streets, begging for money one way or another. An impressively busted humanoid immediately sauntered to the end of the gang way, a piece of flimsy material barely covering her enormous bosoms, an nd straining to reach the bottom of her buttocks. She winked with familiarity at the captain, but he had no time for her as he winked back, pinching her bottom on the way past, his crew casting evil stares, jealous that he had diverted his attention for even a moment.

Aston himself was diverting attentions of others, especially those of the 'working' persuasion. He was almost painfully good looking, with slightly shimmering tanned skin, as those bronze was flowing through his veins and shining through. Taller than average, he was more than a couple of inches over six feet, tall enough to intimidate that smaller races but also tall enough to get grudging respect from the bigger ones. His hair was slightly curly and a dark mahogany colour, and only just long enough to cover some of his forehead. But it was his eyes that drew the most attention; they were a piercing green, with a dark forest colour around the iris, spiralling into a bright turquoise around the pupil with fleck of bright silver in between. They were truly spectacular, but also truly intimidating. His clothing was not really out of the ordinary, some dark tight fitting trousers tucked into steel toed pirate-esque boots, with a plain ivory long sleeved shirt and a rich indigo vest (also quite pirate looking). His gun was an antique that had been refitted to the modern needs, the same as his sword had. His rapier's blade was from reinforced obsidian, sharper even than surgical steel and five times as strong. Of course it had the usual outfitting; with a stun force shield and poison tubes. His gun was a pistol that had been made in the last century when it had been considered chic to own things that were of the millennia past, and was a near exact copy of a traditional British naval pistol of the 18th century.

A tap on his shoulder brought Aston out from his internal reverie and he realised that they had reached their destination, the Hotel Majestic itself -- reserved for the richest or most influential characters that visited that same named planet. A liveried butler (armed to the teeth, might I add) pulled open the door smoothly to let Aston and his three accompanying crew members through to the main gambling hall and straight to one of the private booths. As his crew were led away by some stunning hostesses to the gambling tables, Aston sat down and prepared to wait exactly 4 minutes until the Cardinal arrived (it was the same length of time, every time). Their nature of business was normal -- slave trading.

Four minutes later, the Cardinal thrust open the gold filigreed door to sit down at the opposite side of the table, one of his shadow priests bringing a heavily cloaked woman with him.

"Captain Shakespeare, I trust you're well." The clipped and snobbish tones never changed with the Cardinal.

"Cardinal Sin, your spies would have told you by now if something had befallen me. Let us get straight to business, shall we?" Aston replied, bored already by the meaningless small talk.

"Of course. Here is the merchandise that we discussed." The cardinal waved a hand at his shadow priest, who immediately removed the cloak covering the slave. Immediately, Aston's breath was taken away. She was a humanoid, tall and slim, with long glossy brown curls and big brown eyes. Her skin, whilst pale, was unblemished by scars or any such nonsense. She wore only a simple white tunic which left one shoulder bare and hardly covered her bottom. In today's modern world of violence, an untouched specimen such as herself was a rare commodity. Feeling his mouth go dry, Aston struggled to keep his composure as the slave turned her regal head to stare at him, her eyes hungry and lustful.

"She is quite beautiful, yes?" The Cardinal chuckled at Aston's reaction. "But be assured, this slave may seem untouched, but she is in fact quite a skilled bedslave." Clicking his fingers again, the shadow priest slapped the woman on the ass to make her move towards the captain.

"Cardinal, I'm not entirely sure if—" Aston's words were cut off as the semi-naked woman sat on his lap, her legs wrapping around his back and the chair with smooth grace. Her small breasts pressed into him as she started to nibble at his neck.

"Captain, I insist. She is here for your enjoyment. I shall be back in half an hour." Smiling, the Cardinal stood up and made his way out, bemused at the clear reaction Aston was having to his slave. 

"You don't have to do this, I don't—" Once again, his words were cut off by the slave's lips as she kissed him, probing his mouth were her tongue. It took him only a moment, but Aston's reactions were quick. Grasping her wrists, he bent them behind her back as he continued to kiss him, getting heavily turned on by the subtle grinding upon his lap that she was making with her hips. Knowing full well that she could feel his hard on, Aston broke their kiss and used his grip on her wrists to push her backwards onto the table. Immediately she squeaked, a sound that only turned him on more. 

"What is your name?" His growl was almost harsh, but his eyes were gentle.

"Meridien." She answered smoothly, her grip around his hips still as strong as ever, pressing their crotches together. She could feel his reaction to her beauty, and the thoughts of what they would do together in the next thirty minutes caused her to become quite wet. She wasn't wearing any panties, so she knew that Aston could also feel her hotness through his trousers.

"Well, Meridien.. I hear that you're very good at what you do. Why don't you show me?"

Eager to please him, Meridien began to grind against his erection, soaking the front of his pants with her own wetness. Aston grunted but continued to let her do her moves for a minute or two before he was unable to contain himself. With one swift movement, he unbuckled his belt and used it to tie her wiling hands behind her back before pulling her to face him, her ass on the table and her legs still wrapped around his waist as he stood. Unzipping the front of his pants, he let his dick spring loose from its confines, a nice nine inch cock that was throbbing with desire. Meridien didn't seemed fazed by the perfect phallus in front of her, in fact she seemed even more enthusiastic (as anyone could understand). She continued to grind against him, but without her hands, she was unable to get any sort of grip on his dick to bring it into het wetness. 

"Not so fast, sweetheart." Aston mumbled, his eyes glittering wickedly. Reaching down himself, he began to stroke her folds with his thumb whilst his middle fingers gently ran up and down her wet opening. Meridien moaned softly, her eyelids closing slightly as she arched her back, wanting him to enter her. Aston smirked slightly before he began to rub her clit with more ferocity, roughly pushing the pleasure button with enough force to make her feel a little uncomfortable. The pain and pleasure mixed though, and soon the table became slick with her juices. He still hadn't entered her with anything, finger nor dick, and she was beginning to become mightily frustrated.

"Please, captain... oh, please... please!" She began to beg him as she grinded herself against his thumb, moaning openly at the pleasure it brought her. After a moment, Aston gripped her thighs, the hold she had around his waist was all but gone now. Sliding down to kneel at the edge of the table, Aston marvelled at the sheer beauty of her pussy. Thin thatches of hair at the top, but the sides were shaved bare. Her lips were swollen with pleasure, and she was so very, very wet. Feeling his erection get harder, Aston licked at her opening, bringing a loud moan from Meridien as she felt his strong tongue probe her slit. "Please, oh please. Give it to me, anything, please!" She cried out, wiggling, trying to get more of his tongue into her pussy. Pulling away, Aston stood up and leaned over her, his cock pressing against her clit as he began to slide up and down on top of her, rubbing his erection over her pleasure spot. Moaning louder, Meridien once against wrapped her legs around his back, still begging him to enter her with anything, tongue, finger or cock itself.

"Do you want it?" Aston breathed in her ear, rubbing himself against her just a little faster.

"Yes.. please, anything, just enter me. I'm so horny.. please!" Meridien moaned, still grinding uselessly against him. Just when she was beginning to give up hope, Aston reached down and began to rub her clit with his thumb again, before slowly pushing his middle finger into her opening. Immediately she screamed with pleasure, her back arching off of the table as she felt his rough finger slide in and out of her, grazing against her g-spot. She could feel an orgasm on the way, but it seemed Aston wanted to tease her some more. Without stopping his finger, he began to nibble at her neck, sucking and kissing it with enough force to bring out angry red patches on his pale skin. Moaning all the while, Meridien couldn't help but lose herself in the pleasure that this handsome captain was giving her.

"Do you want my cock, Meridien?" Aston muttered softly to her, and she groaned with foreseen pleasure at the mere thought of it. 

"Yes, please... I'll do anything for it, just give it to me, please." She whispered back to him, bucking against his fingers as the slid in and out of her tight wetness. Without skipping a beat, Aston pulled back his hand and immediately inserted his throbbing dick into her pussy. The instant pleasure to both parties was enormous, as they both moaned. Pausing a couple of seconds, Aston let her tight pussy adjust to his length before he began to thrust in and out of her, his cock also pushing against her g-spot. Once she had adjusted, she wrapped her legs tighter, pulling him in deeper, her purple eyes hungry with lust. Aston complied, pushing deep into her before pulling back a little and then thrusting again. Meridien could feel herself coming to an orgasm, and Aston was the same; although she was a bedslave, she was incredibly tight and wet for him.

"Oh, Captain.. ooh.." Meridien kept moaning, half-whispering sweet nothings in his ear, calling him 'sir' and complimenting the length and girth of his cock. Playing on his obvious like for control and power, she struggled faintly against the bindings on her wrists, making him feel all the more dominant as he thrust into her. Just when she felt she was about to explode, Aston reached down and pressed his thumb against her clit, as though it were a magical button for release. With a scream, she began to orgasm, her pussy tightening around his cock, her eyes rolling back into her head at the sheer pleasure of it. Aston came a second or two later with a single huge thrust, making her groan as it grazed her g-spot, his grunting moan quiet in comparison to her screams. Filling her insides with his cum, Aston paused before removing his softening cock from her depths, careful not to make her feel uncomfortable -- she must feel quite sensitive after their rough bout of love making.

Pulling his pants up, he gently removed his belt from around her wrists, seeing that his belt buckle had made an indentation on her smooth pale skin. Meridien's eyes were closed, and her chest heaved as she struggled to get her breathing under control and restore her composure. The room smelt like sex, sweat and love juices adding their own subtle tang in the small booth. A knock at the door made both Aston and Meiridien start a little, and somewhat hastily put their clothes in some sort of order. Aston had just finished putting on his belt when the Cardinal walked in, his face as bemused as he had left it.

Eyeing the slick tabletop and sniffing the air, Cardinal Sin smiled slightly and sat down at his previous spot, his shadow priest following behind. Meridien immediately stood up, unconcerned that the three men had all seen and eyed her swollen pussy as she lay, her legs spread, on the tabletop. Pulling her tunic down, she slid off of the table and went to stand next to the shadow priest, who had a visible erection from just seeing her newly fucked opening. The priest immediately put the heavy cloak back onto the slave, letting it hand on her shoulders easily. The Cardinal seemed unfazed, and he looked at Aston seriously, his bejewelled hands resting on the tabletop.

"So. I take it you like the merchandise?" The Cardinal asked, his slow deep voice tinged with amusement.

Aston shrugged. "I've had better, but she was more than satisfactory. How much?"

"Fifteen hundred Imperial Crowns." The shadow priest said, his voice cracking slightly from standing so close to Meridien. He resisted the urge to just slip his hand behind her ass and finger her wet opening; knowing that neither Aston nor the Cardinal would see. Meridien, as though sensing his guilty intentions, shifted closer to him so that the access was easier.

"That's quite a lot for a bedslave that is, excuse the vulgarity, but used goods. I won't pay over one thousand." Aston's voice was hard, and he stared at the Cardinal with his brilliant green eyes. In response, the older man sighed and rubbed his temples. Neither men noticed the shadow priest slip his hand behind Meridien and slowly insert his middle finger into her pussy, stroking her g-spot with ease. She didn't moan, but she shifted slightly once again so that he had better access. Her eyelids closed a little with pleasure, but otherwise there was no change visibly that either of them were doing anything out of the ordinary.

"She is unblemished; I won't take anything less than one thousand, two-hundred and fifty. That is my final offer; otherwise i shall go somewhere else." The Cardinal's voice was as hard as the erection that the shadow priest was struggling to control behind his heavy crimson robes. His finger began to slip faster in and out of Meridien, and she obligingly spread her legs a little. Within a moment or two, she orgasmed, her eyes once again rolling upwards, her mouth parting a little as she shuddered around the shadow priest's finger. Smirking slightly, the man removed his hand and pinched her bottom before folding his hands behind his back, proud of his handiwork. Once again, neither the Captain or the Cardinal had noticed anything.

"I suppose that's a fair price. I'll take it. Have her taken to my ship tomorrow morning, we're parked at the Interplanetary dock, pier number seventeen." Aston stood up as he spoke, stretching his shoulders as he did so. The Cardinal also stood up and smiled, pleased that he had gotten so much money out of the captain; who was usually so tight with his earnings. As he walked out, Aston glanced at the floor where Meridien had been standing, his eyes narrowing as he saw a small puddle of juices there. He paused, on the verge of mentioning something, but the Cardinal and his two companions had already left, having been beamed out of the hotel and back to their ship (most likely). Checking himself, Aston laughed at his own paranoia - it was probably their love making that had caused it. Pleased with himself, Aston walked out of the Hotel Majestic, his crew members trailing after him.