 Chapter 2: Sticky Fingers

After a brief interlude of rest, replenishment, and a quick shower, Fire was ready for more of Bru's new improvements. Bru on the other hand was needing a bit more rest than Fire. 

He knew this wouldn't be a problem, because he had not shown or told her about his vibrating thumb and fingers. He smiled as she attacked him from behind as he sat on the bed, cross legged. 

Not only was he pleased with the performance of his new " weapons of ass destruction" that he invented and successfully implanted in his body, but he was thrilled that he was able to please Fire like she had never been before. 

Bru wrestled with Fire, playfully for a few minutes after her attack, both giggling as they combated each other. The play turned to heat as Bru rolled Fire onto her back, then rolled against her, half on, half off of her. 

He told her how much that he loved her. He told her how good she felt in his arms and how incredibly beautiful she was. Her heart began to meld with her loins as he taunted her with his heart felt sentiments. She couldn't help it. She was a naturally insatiable woman. That's why her nickname fits her so well. Besides, her three orgasms from a half hour or so earlier, and a good two doses of thick white chocolate from her man, only made the gnawing sensation for more, seem intensified. 

Bru kissed Fire passionately. His tongue probed her mouth and tongue with a deliberate desire again. They kissed each other with long, deep wet intensity for several minutes. 

Bru felt the stirring deep in his crotch again. Fire was, on fire once again. They tasted each others lips until the long deep kisses broke into quick kisses. They were to the point of faster quick nips, practically eating each others kisses from their lips. Fire was beginning to pant and whimper as they would kiss, then break momentarily only to kiss again. 

Bru sensed her urgent need and sat up and situated himself between Fire's legs. She parted them just enough for him to squeeze between them. 

He smiled and grabbed each of her ankles and spread them wide apart. Fire felt a twinge deep inside of her when he used a firm hand with her. Bru noticed that her pussy was already beginning to weep. The glistening trickle of her excitement gently trailed between the crack of her ass until it disappeared from his sight. He would remember this for later, making a mental note. 

He held his palm up, and slid in his first two fingers into her begging punani. He made a slow pumping motion as he finger fucked her. She was relishing the feeling of him attempting to draw yet another climax from her. Then Bru placed his thumb against her swollen clit that nestled between the folds of her puffy lips. Suddenly, the two fingers deep inside of her now, and his thumb began to vibrate with a high intensity. Fire's eyes grew very wide with astonishment and pleasure. 

Bru drew the fingertips that were inside of her upward as his thumb began to press into her hardened clit. It seemed that he was attempting to connect them together. Fire began a loud groaning noise. 

Bru started rubbing his thumb back and forth across her clit, while the fingers inside moved in opposite directions. It looked as if he was trying to rub two coins together. There was virtually no noise from his fingers, because the meat in them dulled the sound. but the vibration was not hampered by any means. 

Fire groaned, then gasped as her hips bucked up from the bed. Her orgasm was stronger than the other ones from earlier. 

Bru buried his two fingers as deeply into her pussy as he could. His thumb slid up to the top of her twitching clit. He pressed against the sex trigger with firm pressure while he watched with elation as his woman peaked into oblivion with her climax. He drank in her twitching and bucking motions as she rode his vibrating fingers. 

He was intently mesmerized as her breasts swayed side to side then bounced with her convulsing motions. Her body language only coincided with the gripping squeezes that her pussy had on his tingling fingers. 

Bru knew that her clit became very sensitive after a climax, so he lifted his thumb up from her clit, so Fire could take a breath. He slid his two fingers from within her, too. The fingers and his entire palm were completely covered with her sex. 

In her state, Bru knew that it would take a couple of minutes for her to regain a normal breathing pattern. He simply couldn't resist however, leaning down to swab her lips and clit clean of her excretions. As he licked her nectar from her lips, she cooed. When he lapped at the slick wet liquid from her clit, her hips jerked with each touch of his tongue. As he gingerly brought her back to earth from planet Orgasm, he would take a lick, then verbally tease her. 

Slurp, "I'm going to fuck you good and hard, Baby," he said in a low throaty tone. "Slurp, I want you from behind when I do. Slurp, I want you to cum all over my hard cock when I fuck you." 

Fire tossed her head side to side as he teased her orally and verbally. Her depths were burning like white phosphorus. Her nagging passion was at an all time high, and she loved it. 

Bru got up from the bed and stood at the side of it. He grabbed Fire's legs and slowly dragged her sideways until her legs dangled at the side of the bed facing him. 

Fire surprised Bru when she wriggled herself further until she slid off of the bed, and perched her back against the side. She dove forward, taking his cock into her mouth. The remnants of the sweet chocolate was still prevalent on his shaft. 

She gulped his normal sized cock all the way down until his heavy, cum laden balls rested against her chin. She moaned at the sweet flavorful reside as it melted against her tongue. Her head began to bob up and down his shaft now. She took him fully into her mouth with each bob. She felt his meaty thighs begin to tremble after a few minutes of intense bobbing motion. 

She withdrew his cock from her hot mouth and grabbed it in her righthand. She smiled up at him as he peered down. "I'm going to tantalize my sweet chocolate morsels for a moment." 

With that said, she lowered her head until her hot mouth began to suck each of his heavy testicles. She sucked one, then the other into her mouth. She'd pull back until the heavy ball would make a pop noise when she released them. As she licked and sucked each nut, her hand was fast at work, pumping his now, enlarged sized cock shaft. 

She loved the adjusting cock. When she took it in her mouth at its normal size, it was easy to devour. Yet when she grabbed it with her hand, it was the size of a mammoth cock. It gave her an empowering feeling. In her hand, it was all that she could do to wrap her fingers around it completely, yet, in her mouth she could easily take him to the root. 

When her oral antics slid from his balls, down to the sensitive areajust under them, Bru forewarned her to stop. He reminded her that he wanted her from behind. This only enflamed her to tease and taunt him closer and closer to the brink. 

When she felt that he could stand no more licking, then and only then would she cease and give in to his desires. 

With her expertise, Fire continued for several more minutes, licking his nether region and jacking his cock shaft. She got to the point where she would lick and suck his balls, while her pumping motion stopped. Then vice versa. 

Bru was absolutely going out of his mind with pleasure and the lust to release his chocolate cum, when she finally relented. 

Quickly she scurried onto the bed on all fours. Her feet and legs hung about two feet beyond the mattress, placing her ass and pussy right at the edge. Bru had total access. 

He noticed the thin slivery looking trails of excitement that had oozed from her pussy and run down each of her thighs. Being the pussy hound that he was, he knelt and licked each of the trails from her tender flesh. He began at their stopping point and licked up to where they originated. 

Fire moaned with pleasure as his tongue drug slowly along her thighs and stopped at her opening. It was like someone adding gasoline to an already raging fire. Then he remembered the trail from earlier that had disappeared from his sight. He found it! He licked the wet trickle from her bung while he was so near. 

Once he had her thighs void of any remnants, he stood up and placed his monster cock head at her opening. He mentally waited for his cock to adjust automatically to its normal length and girth, but it never did. 

He flashed a mental concern that something must have malfunctioned with the chip. Then it donned on him. The chip was working perfectly. Fire's emotion and desire wanted the oversized cock! 

Bru placed the tip against her tight opening. Fire held her hips still as he pressed inward. The feeling of the big cock sent her mind into the gutter. 

"Put that big hard cock into me Bruuuuuuu!," she said emphatically. 

The large plum shaped head slid past the tight ring of her opening. He inched into her without much restraint. Slowly he buried all nine inches of the thick veined cock into her. His aching balls dangled against her pussy lips and clit. Bru began to withdraw the immense cock as slowly as he had inserted it. 

Once at the opening again, he pushed it forward again, slowly. His slow movement was driving Fire insane with lust. 

Again, Bru was buried to the hilt inside of her. This time when he bottomed out, his heavy balls banged against her swollen clit. With that sensation, Fire instinctively began to buck her hips and thrust against his movements. Bru used short hard chops into her. He would only withdraw an inch or two, then slam back into her hard. Her breasts swayed wildly when he did this. 

Bru smiled as he remembered his vibrating fingers. His right hand went around Fire's hips and he felt his way to her soft wet slit between her lips. His first finger found her clit, which wasn't difficult. It was as hard as a diamond. Instantly, the finger began to vibrate with intensity against her clit. 

Fire began to push back against his cock harder when his vibrating finger ignited her clit. He still only removed the massive cock an inch before slamming forward again. 

Then, he felt the special twitch again. It was the top tongue on his cock. He watched as the muscled ribbon like tongue slid out from the slit atop his cock shaft, and began searching for a warm spot. Bingo! The wriggling tongue began to flail wildly over Fire's pink wrinkled asshole. Bru became excited even more watching the narrow tongue flog and probe her sweet ass. It struggled as if trying to gain entry into her derriere. 

Fire lost all control seconds after feeling the tiny tongue probing at her bum. She was being pleasured by a vibrating finger on her intensely swollen clit, a mammoth sized cock slamming into her depths where no man has even been before, and now a slippery wriggling tongue flailing and probing against her most sacred spot. 

Bru was right with her when she screamed out with her intense climax. In fact, it was probably the feeling deep in her womb of his heat from the hot sticky sweet chocolate seed that set her off. Bru fired jet after jet of cum into her. Her depths were being coated with the hot creamy sweet cum. 

Her climax was so strong this time, that the contraction of her pussy actually made a small squirt of her own cum splash against Bru's balls. This only created another splash of cum from Bru, sailing deeply inside of her again. Her cunny flooded his massive cock. As they stayed connected, their bodies talked the language of love to each other. 

First a spurt from Bru into her, then a retaliatory contraction from Fire onto Bru's spewing cock. It went on like this for thirty seconds, until they were both well spent. 

After a minute of staying connected, Bru withdrew his cock from her. As soon as he did, his cock began to deflate rapidly. The thick aroma of sweet chocolate filled the room. Fire couldn't seem to resist. She put her hand down to her crotch and gathered a small smear of the sticky white chocolate cum onto her two fingers. She lifted them up above her and played with it by closing her fingers together, then opening them apart. She stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked them clean, moaning as the sweet taste of chocolate satisfied her insatiable hunger for that night. 

Bru collapsed on the bed. After all, it was now six-thirty in the morning. The two lovers slept better than they had ever.