 On New Years Eve of 2085, I was satisfied that the implanted computer chip was now fully functional, and was anxious to demonstrate it on my long time lover and mate, Firella. 

I called her Fire for short. It matched her personality as well as her sexual side. We have been with each other for seven years, and at no time have I ever desired to wander. So much for the mythical "seven year itch" theory. 

My name is Brutus, but Fire calls me Bru for short. I have made pleasing Fire, a quest. I have always given great effort to put her dreams and desires before my own, especially in the sex department. 

I have listened to her girlfriends talking, without seeming too obvious, to the usual girl talk about their acquaintances, and most of all, the sexual inadequacies. 

I have put to good use, all of my training and schooling in micro chip technology. Along with fantastic support from a bio-tech lab where my best bud works, I have developed a micro chip that fits into my prostate area. The chip, which I have dubbed, "Space Invader", tells my brain what Fire's needs are in the aspects of when we make love, or just have a lustful romp in the sack. 

The chip coincides with the bionic additions that have been added to my penis. My cock, still my own, has been retro fitted with several new properties. It has the ability to swell twice the normal erect size in girth as well as shrinking in girth to half of its normal erect size. 

It also has a new slit added on the top. Inside that slit is a narrow muscular tongue, that slides out when the micro chip sends the signals received from Fire's desires for clitoral stimulation when we have intercourse. So, as I have my cock buried balls deep inside of her, the muscled tongue will slip out from its sheath and stimulate her clit. 

As well as the top tongue, I have also added another tongue that is retracted inside the urethra of my cock. And the best feature of my creation, and I hope that Fire will soon agree, is my ejaculate, or cum, if you will, has the texture of, as well as the taste of melted white chocolate. The best thing is its still all natural. Biodegradable, PH balanced and as natural as if it were my regular semen. 

Tonight, after the New Years Eve party, I will take her back to our apartment and try my new and improved cock on her for the first time. I know, to an extent, how the Wright brothers must have felt the day of their first attempt at flight. 

First of all, I am hoping that it will take her pleasures to a new and higher level. Then I have all the jitters and questions racing through my mind of all the things that could happen, including the disappointment of my extensive research failing miserably. But now, I must take my mind away from that and just enjoy the evening with my true love. 

The party was winding down at the coliseum that we bought tickets for and it was well into the wee hours of the morning. We had both moderated our intake of libations until we got back home. 

The entire trip home, Fire snuggled into my side as I drove home. Her hand would wander down to my thigh, then she would casually slide it over onto my crotch as her head stayed snuggled into my shoulder. Concentrating on the abundant traffic was a difficult task with her antics on my nether regions. 

As we grew closer to our home, Fire's play became more frequent and bolder. I was amazed at the size that my cock was swelling to, as she was now rubbing it through my jeans with the palm of her hand with a heavier motion. Apparently, the chip was detecting her desire for the feel of a larger cock, and it was accommodating those desires. 

"Hmmmm! Looks like a promising evening," she said at feeling the larger size. 

The outline of my excited cock was a thick, firm, tubular serpent shaped bulge as it strained against the durable denim. Her words of not needing nor wanting a big cock echoed through my mind as she moaned while her hand slid over my larger shaped cock. Had she just told me that to protect my ego? I deduced in my mind that women may be visual creatures as well as men are, but perhaps in a different way. 

Their idea of the "perfect" phallus may be a bit different than the actual size that they feel comfortable with. 

Finally home, we walked into the dimly lit apartment. I walked in behind Fire, and watched with intent as she sauntered into the hallway going to the bedroom. Her slacks were very conforming to her figure. The seam on the rear of the slacks dove in between the firm cheeks of her ass, giving a perfect separation of the delectable globes. I felt my straining cock begin to inch further down my thigh as I saw her toss the frilly blouse to the floor as she walked down the hallway. 

Before entering the doorway to the dark bedroom, Fire stopped, her back still to me, then I watched as I saw the taut material against her ass relax. I knew then that she had unfastened them. 

She looked over her shoulder at me, her brown shoulder length hair partially covering her face, then slowly lowered the slacks all the way down her legs to her ankles, keeping her legs straight. I could just barely make out the thin strip of cotton from her thong between her ass cheeks that kept her full exposure from my hungry eyes. Then she disappeared into the darkness of the bedroom. 

I slipped into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle of burgundy wine from the fridge, and snatched two wine goblets from above the counter and made my way into the vast darkness where Fire had taken refuge. 

When I entered the room, I couldn't see a thing. I could hear the shower running though. As my night vision began to come into focus, I sat the chilled wine and the two goblets down on the night stand. 

I removed my clothes in a hurried fashion, tossing them to anywhere they wanted to land. I then made my way into the bathroom and stepped into the dark shower. I could feel the steam over take my body when I walked in. 

Completely blinded by the darkness, I reached out into the void of the shower stall. I felt nothing, except hot water and cold tile. With my hands, I followed the tiled walls all around the stall, but nothing. My mind was whirling with all sorts of thoughts. Where was Fire? I know I saw her go into the bedroom! She had to start the shower and there is no way she was finished already. 

After another look around with my hands, I decided to take advantage of the hot shower, and just melted into the cascading waterfall. 

I had soaped my body up and was facing the direction of the shower source, when I felt her hands on me from behind. Both hands glided from my hips to my half erect cock. Just then, I felt her soft breasts as they pressed against my back. Seconds after that, I felt her hips pushing against my butt cheeks. 

With her touch, my cock sprang up to full attention again. Her left hand groped at my dangling balls, while her other hand grasped my hard cock at its base. As her hand slid up the shaft, she moaned while she felt the inch and half longer and three quarter inch thicker cock respond to her touch. 

Baffled, she asked, "You been working out?" 

We laughed at the very same instant, as she and I both realized that a work out in the gym had nothing to do with the size of my new cock. I told her as I chuckled with her, that I had a surprise for her. 

She replied, "I'll say!" 

We each got out after showering and dried in the darkened room. We both had a glimmer of vision, but not much with the only light in the room being the green glow of the stereo across the room. 

I watched as Fire walked to the edge of the bed, then leaned forward,placing her hands on the mattress. Her hips swayed back and forth invitingly as she looked over her shoulder at me. There was this beautiful woman, bent over, nude and playfully inviting my attentions. I walked over to her and stood behind her for a moment. 

I knelt behind her and kissed the cheeks of her ass firmly. I then trailed kisses down each thigh to the crook behind her knees. Once there, I licked each fold using firm pressure, then light little flicks. She moaned with pleasure. I licked back up her thigh and slid my tongue sideways when I reached the crease where her firm cheeks met the thigh. 

This positioned my wet tongue right at the crack of her softest spot. With a firm tongue, I first licked upward, grazing her bung. Then I slid my tongue back down the meaty fold and slid between her inner thighs. As my face was buried between her thighs, I stretched my tongue outward as far as I could. I probed the tender flesh until I held her sweet nectar on the tip of my tongue. Once I found the source, I flicked up and down, gathering her essence. She moaned louder now, and instinctively spread her legs apart. 

As I began to move to a better vantage point, Fire turned around, now standing upright. Her sweet pussy lips were a fraction from my face. I leaned in and licked each of her pouting lips. I took great measure to ensure that my hot tongue not touch her swelling clit, yet. I placed my tongue at the center of her soft cleft. I barely grazed the tender folds with the tip of my tongue as it slid down the center. Once I knew that it was half way down, I stuck out my tongue like a hot wet probe again. It entered the folds just beneath her sensitive clit. 

My tongue fell easily into the depths of her pussy. Her juices basted my tongue as it delved into her being as far as I could make it stretch. I began to slip it in and out of her melting pussy, fucking her with my tongue. 

After a few minutes of this, I finally slid my tongue from within her, and licked lightly up the crease again. This time, I made sure that the very tip brushed her hardened clit. As the moans escaped her lips, her hips jerked with the reaction of my tongue flicking her sensitive clit.

I lightly brushed my tongue against the stiff pearl a few more times before I began swabbing it firmly. From side to side, I danced my thick tongue over her trigger. Then I changed the motion to an up and down movement. I licked her clit from the top where it began to protrude, all the way down the stiffened twig to where it descended into the opening of her punani. 

Fire was on fire in her loins now. I stood up and pushed her backwards. She fell onto the mattress wholly. The bed jarred a couple of times as she finally came to rest. 

As soon as she was still, I climbed on top of her. As I lay my body onto hers, she wrapped her arms around my neck, and we kissed deeply. Her scent and taste was still moist on my mouth and tongue. This only enflamed her more. Our kisses were intense. Our tongues entwined and danced the ritual mating dance as they glided over and over each other. 

My oversized cock was nestled between the puffy folds of her pussy while we kissed. I don't know if Fire could notice, but I felt my cock adjust in its size, back down to my normal length and girth. I slid my rock hard cock into her wet pussy with ease. I slid it in as slowly as I could. 

Fire always liked a slow start. Once my heavy balls rested against her ass cheeks. I held still. I loved the feeling of the complete enveloping of her soft, hot velvet around my trembling cock. 

Suddenly, I noticed a twitching on the top of my improved cock. It felt like an erection within an erection. It dawned on me that it was the narrow ribbon like tongue sliding out to caress her swollen clit. Fire noticed it too! 

The muscled ribbon tongue began to slather her clit, gliding all over its entire budding, as my cock remained buried deeply inside of her. 

Then another sensation rushed through my loins. This time my cock head twitched. It was the tongue that had remained hidden inside of my cock. The second tongue slid out from the slit of my engorged plum shaped cock head and began to wriggle inside of Fire's depths. I could feel the motions of both tongues as they moved. It was incredible. Both muscular tongues flailed about as if they were their own separate entities. 

As Fire neared her climax, the small tongues kept their pace in a deluge of licks and flicks. The tongue on her clit combined with the tongue buried deep in her womb, sent her to a shuddering orgasm. I remained still as the little tongues began to slow their pace as her pussy convulsed and throbbed around my aching shaft. 

Once her climax began to ebb, I felt the tongues slide back into their safe hidden spots in my cock. I hadn't even thrust my cock the first time. I was beaming in my mind to the success that my invention had produced. Fire was pleasured further than she has even been before, and I haven't even gotten started yet! 

I looked into her eyes, and still saw the glaze in them. I knew that she too, was just beginning. Her hunger was aroused now. The chip inside of me sensed that as well, detecting her thermal indications, translating them to my brain, and in turn sending the results back to my cock. 

As I still was on top of Fire, I felt my cock begin to swell, again. It filled her completely now. The girth of my cock was about three quarters of an inch thicker than normal. The length remained the same. 

I began to saw in and out of Fire. My cock stretching her inner walls with its new adjusted size. Her legs spread far apart as I went slowly in and out of her. My own desire was at a peak that I've never experienced before. My balls felt heavy. My cock throbbed with anticipation. My mind was in a whirl with all the new sensations and the fact that I was pleasing her like she had never had before. 

I began to pummel her pussy with full strokes now. Faster and faster I plunged into her. The base of my cock bumping against her clit with each thrust had her moaning louder now. The fullness of her womb, combined with the stimulation of her clit, sent her over the edge yet again. I felt her pussy clamping down on my shaft as it slid in and out of her. She coated my thick shaft with more of her essence. 

My own passion had me at a peak that couldn't be stopped. I kept pumping her hard and fast with full strokes. Her arms were around my neck and I could feel her begin to tense with the onslaught of yet another climax. 

Her passion was like a surfer on top of a huge wave, now. She was dangling on the crest of that powerful wave moving at a high rate of speed towards the shore. When her moans turned to groans, I knew that the curl of the huge wave had just fell out from under her as her climax ravaged her lower abdomen and womb. 

She came hard this time. I felt each contraction of her pussy grasp quickly and firmly against my piston like cock. That sent me into oblivion. My cock twitched as the first leak of my seed raced up the shaft and into her depths. Then it spurted violently with short rapid spasms. Each spasm sending stream after stream of my hot white creamy seed into her. After what felt like ten spasms, my ferocity turned to a more relaxed and languid state. 

My cock never lost its tinsel strength, however. Again, the chip sensed the desires of my woman. Apparently, she wasn't finished with me just yet. There was a faint scent of chocolate that filled the room. All Fire could do, was moan with the smell of her favorite scent. I slid off of her and lay next to her as we both regained a normal heart rate and breathing pattern. 

In a soft pant, Fire asked, "What and where is that smell of chocolate coming from?" 

I didn't say a word. I simply reached down and scooped up a dollop of my cum that was drooling from her pussy. I attempted to put it to her lips, but she looked at me as if I had lost my mind. Instead, I put it into my mouth. The flavor was exactly like chocolate. The texture was creamy, just like if one had melted a pot of white chocolate on the stove. 

Fire grabbed my hand and pulled it to her nose. She breathed in the terrific scent, then stuck her tongue out and tasted the tip of my finger. 

"Wow! It tastes and smells like chocolate!" she said in amazement. 

"So you like your surprise, I take it?" 

She looked at me with curiosity. I spent the next fifteen minutes explaining my new invention to her. It took a while to convince her that I hadn't turned myself into a machine or an android. It was really me, still! I just made improvements is all. Finally she understood, or at least if she didn't, it seemed that she trusted me in what I had said. 

That look in her eyes told me that she was really ready to play now. She liked the idea of the chip controlling my cock, in conjunction with my own mind and physical ability. She wanted a first hand look at the tongues and the adjusting sizes of my improved cock. Naturally, she turned on the bed side lamp for a better view. 

I explained to her that the tongues and the sizing wasn't an at will sort of thing. I had to be in the throes of passion before they could detect and adjust. 

Her next move was on her knees on the bed. She told me to stand up, and I did. She grabbed my still inflated cock in her hand, then she put her nose against it and sniffed in deeply. The chocolate scent appeased her, to a degree. She hefted the thick cock to her mouth and struggled to fit the tip of it in her mouth. Instantly, the size reduced to my normal size. She was in awe of my shrinking cock. She could now take my length into her hot mouth. 

As she bobbed her head back and forth, following her hand that pumped the shaft, I soon found my sexual hackles back to peak mode. With my balls aching, my cock throbbing, Fire continued her assault. 

As if on cue, the hidden tongue from inside my cock slid out into Fire's mouth. She stopped suddenly to look at it. She cooed at its unique appearance. 

Then she pressed her slightly parted lips against the head of my dark red cock and continued jacking it. The whole time, she was French kissing the narrow tongue that protruded from my cocks slit. As her tongue glided over the ribbon like tongue, it also bathed my sensitive cock head. 

That combined with her feverish pumping of my shaft, sent creamy chocolate flavored semen rushing to the opening. Fire felt my cock swell with the imminent splash of cum. She stuck her tongue out fully and moved her head back until her tongue acted as a runway for the hot seed to splash directly into her mouth. The little tongue glided over her extended tongue as my cock spewed several thick ropes of hot creamy, sticky white chocolate cum onto her pink tongue. 

The pink little tongue wagged through the mire of white sperm as Fire continued to pump my cock dry. She looked at me from her kneeling position, her mouth still full of my cum. Just like in a porno movie, she swished the white cream in her mouth, relishing the chocolate flavor. With one gulp, she drank the tasty cream. 

She licked the last pearl from the tip of my super sensitive cock head, then smiled as she said, "You're in for a very long night." 

I thought to myself, "I wonder what she'll do when I show her my vibrating thumb and fingers?"