 The day was warm and the gentle breeze from the lake made Max free really at peace. He sat on the sun-warmed rocks while looking at the sky. Max was a tall nerdy boy with tan skinned with short hair. With grey eyes he was fairly good looking. Watching the sky the wind smacked the land and bent the trees as a shadow covered the area. Max watched as a sliver space ship crashed into the lake. Being pulled in pulled under by the large wave he saw two bodies. Using all his strength he dragged both space women from the lake. Panting he looked at his unconscious survivors. They both looked like human except one had long green hair and a dress that was very pretty. The other had short blonde hair and was wearing what looked to be a police uniform. Since his parents would be out for the day Max took each one up to his room.

Meanwhile, another spaceship hovered over the crash. Watching a monitor the lady smiled as she watched an interesting young man take her prey into his home. "Computer, tell me about this planet's people." she said.

"They are called humans and are a class C type civilization." replied the computer, smiling she teleported to the human's house. Following the human she wondered what this human male could possible be doing with a princess and a cop. 

Max sat in his bed as his thoughts ran wild. He had two alien beauties in his room and no one to stop him from studying their bodies a little bit more. "I'm eighteen and I am a nerd that doesn't get to see women that much. This is my chance. Come on Max take it." he thought. Making his decision Max moved over the one in the uniform. Taking off her clothes her breast was nicely sized. Putting all her things on the bed he moved down to the skirt and what seemed to be panty-hose. Taking them off her alien pussy looked like any humans. Taking his fingers he slow inserted them. Rubbing up and down her slit he found to be her clit. Playing with it to his surprise quick grew into a six inch shaft leaking a light green slim. His thoughts ran off the wall as to a female having a dick. 

Wanting to do more a dark thought crossed his mind. He knew that since none of the girl in high school talked to him he would stay a virgin for another year. This was his chance to get it one with two alien chicks. Plus he would write it off as a form of communication if they woke up. Know how desperate he was he pulled down his pants to reveal his seven inch dick. Moving between the alien chicks legs Max gave her cock a few good pumps. Watching as she moaned he put his head at her opening. With one quick thrust Max was in her alien pussy pounding away. She was very tight and wet and her cock pumped precum over his belly. Taking her tits in to his mouth the alien woman moved in motion along with Max. Pushing deeper she moaned causing Max to slow down as not to wake her. She didn't have nipples but it didn't matter. He was going to bang these two alien chicks for all they were worth. Losing control he fucked harder as her cries of pleasure echoed the room. 

He could feel the end drawing near. He would lose his virginity to aliens. This thought alone pushed him over the edge. With one last deep thrust Max exploded feeling the release in his ass. His climaxing triggered the alien woman to orgasm as well. Max watched as her dick twitched as green cum shot all over her tits and neck. 

The other alien woman had now made it into this living room and was looking at all their technology. She played with the T.V. and DVD player but jumped when she herd a scream. "What in the nexus is that human doing." she thought. Looking at her wrist computer it told her that the two she were after were still alive so she went back to her studying the humans' things. The first floor was large and a counter top separated the cooking area from the living area. To her it was a nice looking place and she could come to stay here but her crew was waiting for her to get the cop and the princess. Moving to the cooking area she found the refrigerator. Opening the door she smiled at how full it was.

Upstairs Max had moved on to the second part of his plan. He had tasted alien pussy and he like how it felt and to his surprise tasted. The alien next to the blonde looked beautiful lying on carpet floor. Slowly taking off her what seemed to him to be silk layers of clothing he made it to her skin. It was a soft caramel tan color. Taking off a little more he freed her large breast. Her tits looked to have nipples and Max put each in turn in his mouth. Groping and sucking moaned as Max continued to turn her on. Taking off the rest of her clothes he still wasn't hard yet so he went to working suck and licking on her cunt lips. He figured that she as a different type of alien because she didn't have clit like knob or anything else. 

Her juices tasted sweet and the musky smell drove him made with lust. Feeling his cock twitch Max gave a few slow pumps. Now at a full power he was ready to star. Putting her long legs over his shoulders Max easily slid into her tight alien cunny. Holding her thighs he pushed his full length into her. Her pussy tightened and loosened as he pounded into her like and animal. Moaning in pleasure the alien girl wakes up form her own cries. Meeting each thrust she cries out in a foreign language this drives Max crazy as he pulls her closer. Crying out in ecstasy Max feels his alien lover cumming over his cock. As her body straightened Max unloads his dicks pressure with a load moan. Max closes his eyes as he rides his orgasm to the end. Panting Max slows his breathing as he looks up to see another alien woman with a dark smile on her face.

To be continued...