 As if in a lucid dream, the world around her felt fluid; she glared about the metallic, almost empty, room she was in and the walls, sturdy as they might have appeared, floated—waving slightly, reflecting a light that oughtn't to have been there.

She walked to the full body mirror and looked at herself—she was just herself, in her petite form. She ran her fingers through her long, brown hair, when she noticed, on the upper right corner of the mirror, small, red-colored letters:

Height: 161cm

Weight: 47kg

Body type: Very Thin

Breast size: B-cup

Hair length: 32cm

Hair color: Brown

Eyes color: Green

Gina averted her eyes momentarily and studied the room; only a small bunk bed in the corner, with two metal boxes underneath it, and a plain white shirt and a pair of tight baize pants sitting on it.

She was butt naked, but, the temperature of the room was just perfect; she closed her eyes and envisioned a different look for her. When she reopened her eyes, her heart beating a bit faster, a humongous man—with a defined six-pack and huge arms, as well as a flaccid prick hanging down almost to his knee—was staring back at her from inside the mirror.

She looked down and, lo and behold, the monstrous cock dangled between her legs; she examined the room from a much higher vantage point. It felt as if the whole world belonged to her; she was invincible.

She walked about a bit, feeling up her huge prick, which dwarfed even her own hands—even though her current hand would have easily engulfed her real head. She smiled brightly and played a bit with her prick, feeling slightly weak, when blood rushed down to the monstrosity, which grew even more.

"Wow," a chirpy voice announced, "now, that's what you call fuckable!"

"What?" Gina jumped up and glared about, seeing no one.

No response came and Gina shrugged it off, as she stroked herself to an erection with both hands. She felt up the protruding veins of the dick that could easily handicap whomever it penetrated and continued to stroke, spine-numbing shivers traversing her transformed body.

Picturing herself on her knees, worshipping her cock, she stroked faster and faster, as she sat heavily on the bed, her knees too weak to sustain the weight of her new body. Suddenly, she quivered and let out a deep moan, as the prick exploded and shot several thick loads of thick cum across the room, splattering even the door—a cannon for a prick and she leaned back on her elbows, panting, having experienced orgasm from a male point of view.

And it felt so fucking real—she thought in amazement, as she watched her still-dripping cock go flaccid.

She closed her eyes; when she reopened them, there was nothing dangling between her legs—she had to feel it up, though, to make sure of it, as her humongous breasts blocked the view.

Gina stood in front of the mirror and her plump red lips curled in a wide smile, when she noticed the tall beauty standing in the mirror. She touched and played with her breasts, that looked like two basketballs attached to her chest, and twitched her hard nipples—her stomach was rock-hard, her legs long and firm, her ass tight wonderfully heart-shaped. Her eyes bright blue and her long hair, reaching down to her ass, platinum blonde.

"Someone," the chirpy voice said once more, "everyone would love to have a go at."

"Who are you?" Gina demanded—at the same time, she was taken aback by the lightness of her own voice.

Once again, no response—Gina thought of altering her appearance again, wanting to toy a bit more with the vast opportunities available. On the other hand, she felt really comfortable in her current body, mostly because she loved the vast contrast to her real body.

Hence, she put on the plain clothes that still lay on the bed—the shirt barely containing her MM-cup breasts, her nipples seemingly trying to pierce through the fabric.

Inside the two metal boxes, she found a small handgun, which she reluctantly placed in the holster of her belt, and a backpack, which she wore.

For a moment, she remained in front of the mirror, staring at her new self and pondering on last minute changes—her huge breasts were weighing her down and had already begun taking a toll on her back. And yet, she rejected the idea of decreasing their size—despite the slight discomfort they caused, as well as how they blocked her view, she enjoyed the sight of herself with such huge endorsements.

And thus, she opened the small door and stepped into a vast hallway; she gasped, when she directed her gaze upwards and witnessed the infinity of space through the glass rooftop—for a moment, she remained perfectly still, taking in, in sheer astonishment, the imposing sight of the scattered stars decorating the pitch-dark sky and the occasional space ship coming into, or out of, orbit.

Still feeling completely lost, she followed the narrow hallway, wondering where exactly she was—and what she was supposed to do next.

When she walked past a small open door, at first she heeded no attention to it; however, she stopped and looked back, noticing the sign over the door: "vendor".

Curious, and hopeful she'd get some much-needed answers, she entered the small room covered in shelves and items she never before had encountered.

"Hello there!" The smiling monster from behind the counter greeted her. "How may I help you?"

Gina stared aghast at the nearly 9-foot creature with the humanoid body and crocodile-esque face; its eyes narrow and yellow, its mouth protruding (and its smile revealing three lines of razor-sharp teeth). Its arms nearly the size of her body and it was wearing nothing but a piece of cloth wrapped around its waist, reaching down to its knees.

"Hi," she mumbled, petrified, from the doorstep.

"Don't worry," the monster motioned her to come nearer, "I'm not gonna hurt you. So, would you like supplies?"

"I don't...know," Gina said. "I guess, but..."

"Oh," the monster guffawed, "you're new around here, huh? Well, then you certainly need supplies. That little toy-gun you have there won't do much good, if you're planning on venturing outside the station."

"Where exactly am I?" She asked—it was with a certain pride, she noticed the monster's eyes glued on her bosom.

"You're on station Tau; arguably, one of the most peaceful stations in the system. It began as an experiment; a way to see if different races and species can co-exist in such confined spaces, without murdering each other.

"So far, so good," the monster winked and its smirk widened even further, its long, slimy tongue licking its teeth. "Of course, outside the station, things are vastly different; bands of rogues search for artifacts, wild creatures roam freely, and primitive, native tribes are capturing and enslaving whomever they can find—to what purposes, I cannot tell, but...

"Never mind," the creature clasped its hands together. "So, are you here to buy?"

"Hum...sure, but...what do you have?"

"Oh, a plethora of everything you'll need to survive! Clothing-wise," the creature walked out of the counter and began picking items up from the shelves, "I've got armor that'll protect you from gun-fire, claws, teeth, everything! Or, if you're interested, I've got clothing that'll make your enemies lose their mind, make them too lustful to fight, and give you a chance either to run, or take advantage of them!

"Your choice," the creature held two pieces of clothing—one was a leather armor, the other an outfit consisting of a semi-transparent bra and an all too short tight skirt. "In the end, it all comes down to how you want to play the game.

"Now," the creature continued, putting the outfits back on the shelves, "I've also plenty of guns to choose from—from tasers to rifles to handheld cannons.

"Again, it's your choice; pick something that will tame and neutralize, or, something that can pulverize an entire city."

"How about payment?" Gina asked, while inspecting the impressive variety of weapons hanging on the wall.

"Obviously, you can pay with credits; if you want, though, you can also pay with gems. Although," the creature's voice turned stern, "you better have something rare, if you want good quality purchases."

"What if I've got neither?"

"Well," the creature smirked, "you better go out there, get a job, earn some credits; or, go out in the planet, explore it, search for gems. Then, come back and I'll still have everything you need."

"Don't you have a job, or...something you need to get done?"

"I might have a job opening, yes." Gina followed the creature's gaze, which momentarily fell on the backdoor. "But," he continued, after scanning Gina with his eyes, "I don't think it's something you'd wanna do."

"If it pays well, and...what is the job?" She asked.

"Payment?" The creature said to itself. "Well, for a job well done, I'll throw a piece of clothing and a weapon of your choosing; obviously not the very best I've got, but, it'll be an improvement over what you currently have."

"Sounds good. But," she insisted, "what's the job?"

"I've got," the creature pointed its thumb to the backdoor, "a group of guys recently arrived at the station and...they're looking for some...entertainment. Unfortunately, they're a raucous group...criminals, so to speak, and...well, they can't exactly roam around freely in the station.

"At least not until they have some relief from their most...violent desires."

"What exactly am I supposed to do, then?" Gina demanded.

"Offer them the relief they crave for," the creature shrugged. "Go in there, dance a bit around the pole, tease them, make them...come, and everything will be all right.

"Here, you can take this, too," the creature offered Gina the shirt and skirt outfit it'd shown her earlier. "Dressed the way you are now won't do much for these guys."

"I'm not sure I..." Gina swallowed down hard, inspecting the barely-there clothes she held in her hands.

"I told you, didn't I?" The creature winked. "It's up to you; but, you can only take these clothes, if you do the job. Go take a walk, look around; take your time."

Gina was about to return the clothes and go back to exploring the station, when, suddenly, it dawned on her that it was a relatively easy job; offering some dancing and entertainment to a group of guys couldn't be that bad!

And so, without any further hesitation, she changed clothes right in front of the creature—and it was with inner pride she noticed the cloth around its waist tingling, as she undressed—and stood there in the tight skirt, the barely-there shirt, which stretched widely over her massive breasts, and sky-high heels.

"Certainly an improvement," the creature stared at her intensely. "I think...well, maybe, you'll get the job done, after all."

"So, in there?" She pointed at the backdoor and the creature nodded.

"Do be careful," it said, when Gina opened the door.

It was a simple room, with a dancing pole in the middle and chairs all around it—yet, the room was empty. Gina stepped onto the small platform and grabbed the cold pole; she looked about, wondering about the group she was to entertain.

"That's one fucking cow!" She heard a hoarse voice and looked about—finally, she noticed the six short, goblin-like creatures sitting in the corner.

Gina, her heart pounding hard, tightened her grip around the pole and shook her ass, arching her back. She wrapped her legs around the pole and felt its coldness on the smooth, warm skin of her inner thighs, as she swirled around, offering the six goblin-creatures a good look of her deep cleavage.

"Take that damn top off, bitch!" One of the creatures ordered her. "Your tits are struggling in there anyway!"

Gina obeyed the command instantly—finding liberation in the fact she could do anything, without repercussions. She hugged the pole with her breasts, slowly fucking it, feeling the hard steel grinding against her sternum.

"These are some big fucking udders, bitch!" One of the creatures said. "They'll look great wrapped around my cock!"

Gina turned her glance toward the creatures and saw they had all gotten naked; and erect. She gasped, when she noticed their disproportionate dongs—their pricks looked like a third leg, touching the floor.

"Enough with this stupid dancing!" One of the creatures leaped on the platform, its dong getting hard. "Let's see if your sucking skills are better than your dancing."

Gina had no time to react, or think; her mouth was overstuffed with the creature's green thick shaft, as it brutally thrust it against the back of her throat.

On her knees, she took the creature's pounding, feeling its rod gliding down her throat with an ease she had not expected; she had no gag reflex it seemed and, for the first time in her life, was able to swallow down a cock without her eyes grow all teary.

Her heart skipped a beat, when she noticed the rest of the creatures forming a circle around her, while beating their meats. Suddenly, she found herself being passed around, pricks being shoved down her throat constantly.

Unable to help herself, she slipped her hand under her skirt and teased her already wet slit, gradually being overwhelmed by euphoric, orgasmic warmth.

One of the creatures ripped her skirt off of her and rubbed its massive dong on her asscrack; the cock's rough skin caused shivers across her spine, but, Gina could do nothing but moan on the prick dilating her throat.

Her eyes popped wide open, when she was repositioned on all fours and two dongs slapped her ass. She squirmed, when one of the creatures brutally thrust its dong in her pussy, inconsiderably burying it deep in her, widely stretching her cunt out.

Despite, however, the wide stretching, Gina felt no pain whatsoever; only an unprecedented joy, as she was getting filled with the utmost biggest prick she'd ever encountered.

In the meanwhile, the rest of the creatures were busy using her mouth, slapping their pricks all over her face and teasing her breasts, twisting her nipples. With twelve hands and six dongs all over her, Gina was overcome with ecstasy and could not stop herself from quivering in pleasure, while the creature behind her continued to plow her rough.

She followed, with the corner of her eye, two of the creatures creeping up behind her; however, she could not watch them for long, as two cocks competed for her mouth, both stretching her lips wide open.

A sharp jolt of intense pleasure traversed her body, when her tight asshole was penetrated—and widely stretched. Fucked airtight, Gina found herself amid a flood of emotions, as her body continued to grow numb.

She helplessly took the pounding, while stroking the shafts shoved in her face seeking for attention—completely occupied and utterly used, she could not stop herself from coming hard. The creature pulled out of her pussy and let her squirt all over the floor, her gaped cunt erupting like a fountain.

No rest for the weary, as the creature went back to shagging her—her muscles convulsed around the creature's massive prick, tightening the grip around its shaft, as it pushed harder and harder, burying its foot-long dick deep in her.

And then, the pleasure got even more powerful, as a second monstrous cock pushed against her already violated and stretched asshole—she screamed and writhed, when the second prick was pushed deep in her, brutally stretching her inner muscles.

Her cries were muffled by a prick shoved down her throat and yet again she sustained the intense pounding from both sides—completely surrounded by six lustful and hungry creatures competing for her holes and body.

The final chapter came, when a fourth creature crept up behind her and squeezed itself between its comrades—guiding its throbbing prick in Gina's already stuffed cunt.

An all too loud cry of joy escaped her mouth, when her pussy was, too, pounded by two massive cocks—instantly, the two remaining creatures shoved their dongs in her mouth, resulting in Gina finding herself completely plugged, with two pricks in each hole and unable to stir a muscle.

All she could do was take it—and there was nothing else she wanted to do at that moment. It was an unprecedented experience, one which caused her mind to go completely numb with orgasmic excitement, and while the creatures kept pounding her away as hard and deep as they could, she lost count of the orgasms she experienced.

When the creatures pulled out of her and formed a circle around her, she was numb and leaking; she panted heavily, as she sat on her knees, staring gratefully at the six creatures stroking their meats next to her face.

The first stream of cum landed dead on her lips and she tasted the slightly acrylic taste—the first drop she swallowed, however, turned the heat up in her body and filled her mind with even more lustful thoughts.

In manner of minutes, she was completely drenched in the creatures' thick spunk; the creatures simply stood there for a moment, marveling over their accomplishment, while Gina rubbed her cunt hard, bringing herself to yet another climax, as she moaned all too loudly.

While she continued to play with herself, feeling the warm cum dripping down her face and onto her breasts, the creatures got dressed and left the room—all alone, she didn't even care. She simply continued fingering herself, shoving her entire fist in her gaped pussy with ease.

"All right, enough," the vendor said and its sharp voice momentarily rendered Gina motionless. "You did an excellent job; I didn't think you'd make it."

"Thanks," she whispered and eyed the creature's crotch, as the cloth around its waist tented.

"Aren't you tired?" The creature slyly asked.

Gina, without responding and still in heat, as the goblins' cum still dripped down her chin, simply peeked underneath the creature's cloth—instantly, she gasped, when she noticed its humongous, bulky dong that dwarfed even the goblins'.

The creature untied the piece of cloth from around its waist and let it drop to the floor; instantly, its weighty member jumped up, striking Gina menacingly across the face.

She giggled uncontrollably, as she ran her fingers cautiously across the massive length of the thick prick, exploring the bulges—she licked it and felt the rough, and somewhat spiky, skin.

The creature's hand almost entirely covered Gina's head and pushed her against its melon-size balls; she did her best to lick and suck them, overwhelmed by how oversized everything was.

"There's a reason I don't do foreplay," the creature stated and with quick, abrupt moves lifted Gina up in the air; its long, slimy tongue swirled about her hard nipples, sending spine-numbing shivers down her body.

Gina, instinctively, crossed her legs around the creature's robust waist, hopeful she'd be able to have some sort of control over what was to happen—however, as soon as she felt the massive head of the creature's cock—which was larger than both her fists put together—all sense flew out the window.

The cock's bulges rubbed against her inner walls, as the creature pushed her down forcefully—her already gaped and dripping pussy was stretched out even further and all Gina could do was arch her back hollow and howl in absolute pleasure.

There was no way she was physically able to take the creature balls deep, yet, the creature was firmly intent in attempting it; it kept pushing Gina's body down on its colossal shaft, holding her in the air with ease. She spread her legs, trying thusly farther to stretch herself, while the bulges on the creature's dick caused euphoria to swarm her mind and body, rendering her completely numb to everything but the pleasure she derived from being so deeply penetrated.
