 "Quit your bitching and get the second boom arm working now! That iridium isn't going to magically mine itself and I'm going to need a damn good payout from this contract." Aleyra scolded from the captain's seat.

Zach mumbled inaudibly as he finished working on the boom servo. "Only 2 more weeks to put up with this shit. It's been a long 3 months, but the paycheck should make up for putting up with this cunt of a captain, well, that may be debatable."

"It should be working again now Al... Captain!" he yelled as he climbed back up out of the maintenance shaft of the secondary cargo bay. Zach reached the top of the hatch and sealed it behind him. There was a deafening sound as the shaft depressurized again. "I'm sorry Captain, I wasn't thinking and I'm still not quite used to the formality of the company regulations."

"It's not a problem at all." Aleyra calmly answered. She pulled out her handheld uplink to the Orion Mining Corporation servers and casually tapped the screen a few times. "Alright, we are back on the clock and also I deducted another 2% of your pay for your third infraction - failing to address your captain by her proper rank." she said with a shit eating grin.

Zach just sighed and sat back down at the maintenance terminal. Arguing about it would only serve to get his pay docked further. This had been his first contract job with Orion. It should have been a pretty cushy job: 3 months mining iridium with a 2 person crew in the Haephestus class mining corvette - "The Buzzard". The only problem so far had been the 2 person crew part. "Thankfully, we met the 100 ton iridium quota earlier this week, we will get a straight 15% share of any yield beyond that. We were extremely lucky with the first 3 asteroids. Even with the 6% of pay deductions, I stand to make enough from this contract to hold me over for almost an entire year. Just two more weeks..." Zach thought as he swallowed his anger and frustration.

"WARNING. WARNING. UNKNOWN OBJECT DETECTED AT 472 KILOMETERS." blared throughout the ship as the edges of the captain's terminal flared a bright yellow. "What is it? And how the hell did it get so close?!" Zach yelled at Aleyra.

Aleyra looked panicked and frantically typed at her terminal before slowly regaining her composure. "It looks to be a derelict that just drifted out from behind one of the roids. Their nav system appears to be offline or unresponsive."

"It couldn't have been there long to be drifting in the field and still in one piece. Do you think it's a trap or pirates? We need to relay this to Orion and get an escort out here!" he asked with a note of fear in his voice.

"Don't get your panties in a wad yet. Scans are showing that at least some of the life support systems may be failing as well. Ship atmosphere systems looks fine, but it's damn near freezing inside. Thankfully with the cold temp we can get an extremely accurate heat scan for crew, of which there only appears to be one and they aren't moving."

"I'll go ahead and start writing up the report." Zach offered, anxious to do something. He nearly fell out of his chair as the book the Captain had been reading earlier crashed into the screen of his terminal.

"Did I say to write a report?!" Aleyra yelled. "Your stupidity is mind boggling! If we report this now, Orion will have a ship out here within the day to investigate and confiscate anything they find. If we do a little more completely safe and thorough checking, we may find something to make this profitable contract even better. It's just a personal transport ship, no mounted weapons, one immobile crew - it stands no direct threat to our ship. And if we find anything fishy, we'll contact Orion immediately." Aleyra was already fantasizing on how much further additional cargo or hell, even selling a P-Trans ship would go to paying off those damn gambling debts.

Shards of rock and debris blasted into space as the Buzzard detached from the asteroid it had been mining. They slowly began a circuitous route around the derelict ship, scanning for any potential warning signs. "Everything looks clean. I'm going to bring us in close. Get both of the exo-suits ready and start suiting up."

"Captain, are you sure about this is safe?" Zach asked.

"Fuck! Are you really going to question me at every turn? Do you really want your pay docked again?" Aleyra replied. "...Sorry, I'm probably just a little excited is all. If it makes you feel any better, there's gonna be less action from this then your momma's pussy see's on an average Tuesday!" she said with what he could only assume was intended as a reassuring smile.

There was a slight jar as the Buzzard magnetically docked with the much smaller ship. Zach and Aleyra both finished suiting up then double checked their exo-suit readings. "Your suit good? Mine too. Alright, into the pressure hatch and I'll cut off the G-Drive." she said.

They both immediately felt the unusual feeling in their guts as the Buzzard went full zero-G. Then they both drifted to the outer door of the hatch as the spiral door opened, revealing the outer hatch of the transport ship. Aleyra began tapping on the transport's hatch console. Surprisingly, the hatch opened up after only a few moments.

"That was a lot easier than I expected it would be..." Aleyra said through her comms. "Stay close behind me until we know what we are getting into."

"Understood." he replied. Zach followed Aleyra into the transport ship. His anxiety shot up even further as he noticed the captain pull a pistol from the pouch on the back of her suit.

"Everything is gonna be fine. It's just better to be prepared even if we don't need it" she turned and said.

Inside the ship, the scanners on their exo-suits showed the exact same reading they had gotten from the Buzzard. One prone, stationary life reading, a breathable atmosphere, no toxins detected, 4 degrees Celsius. They began checking the ship, room by room, saving the room with the life reading for last. It appeared to be a rather opulent P-Trans ship, which alleviated some of their concerns about this being a trap.

"Hells yes!" Zach heard through his helmet. "This ship is probably worth an easy 200,000 credits! We could probably only get get 60 or 70 thousand for it without Orion finding out, but still, fuck yeah!"

"Damn!" he thought. A share of 30,000 credits was almost ten times what he was expecting from this job. This could totally change the rest of his life.

"Alright, time for the money shot!" Aleyra yelled as she opened up the door to the last room. The room looked just be an average storage room. The back wall was filled with mostly empty shelving. The floor however was completely littered with various objects, including a completely naked woman.

She was a strikingly beautiful woman. Her long red hair and arms both extended above her head. Her large tits did their best to defy the gravity on the transport, nipples extremely erect from the cold. Her long legs were tightly wrapped around a large two foot tall tear shaped object.

Zach lunged past Aleyra and began checking the vitals of the unconscious woman. Aleyra started to chastise again, but decided her time would be better spent making sure there was nothing nearby that could be used as a weapon.

"What the hell is that between her legs?" she asked.

"I don't know, it almost looks like some kind of seed. The woman seems to be stable, unconscious, but stable." Zach said. "She may have the early symptoms of hypothermia. We need to try and warm her up." He then began taking off his exo-suit.

"What the hell are you doing?" Aleyra asked.

"I'm going to put her in my suit to start warming her up."

"Yeah, I'm sure you can't wait to feel her up, you pervert."

Zach's face blushed a bright red as he finished removing his suit. "Fine, you do it!"

Aleyra picked up the heavy "seed" with a grunt and moved it to the edge of the room. "Quit staring and grab her legs and help me carry her to the bridge. I'll put her in your suit and check the computer to start trying to figure out why it's so cold in here.

They both picked up the unconscious woman and started carrying her through the hallway. Shortly before reaching the bridge, Zach stumbled slightly. "Geez, if you would spend more time watching where you are walking and less time staring at her fucking pussy!" They set her down and Aleyra said, "Leave you suit in the chair and go back to the storage room and find out if any of that shit of the floor is worth anything."

Zach walked back to the room and started trying to organize the giant mess on the floor. As he started putting some of the objects back on the shelves, he noticed what looked to be splotches of dried liquid all over the floor. One of the things the fell off a shelf must have spilled all over the place.

"Alright, it should be heating back up now. System looks fine, it was just set to be this damn cold. I'm gonna close all the interior doors and focus the heating on the rooms we are in to speed this up." she yelled down the hallway. Aleyra then started working on getting the nav system back online.

After about 45 minutes, the temperature inside the ship was back to normal. She decided to go ahead and take off her exo-suit to not waste any of its charge before she made the finishing touches on the navigation. Then Aleyra walked back over and stood above the woman. "Damn, I wish she would hurry up and wake up. Judging by this ship, she could be the daughter of a corporate executive or something. They could be willing to pay even more to make sure she made it back safely. Ha, I'll become a regular pirate at this rate, but a filthy rich pirate!" she mused.

"Zach! How long is it gonna take you to look through that shit?" she yelled from the bridge.

She began to get a little concerned after there was no immediate reply. Aleyra walked down towards the storage room door. As she got closer, she could hear a muffled noise coming from the room. She reached the door and quietly listened, but she couldn't quite make out the sound. "What are you doing in there", then she hit the button to open the door.

"What the actual fuck?!" She screamed as the first thing she saw was a completely naked Zach and his fully erect 8 inch cock flop down from being pressed between him and the door. "What the fuck do you think you are doi.." she said as she shoved him back. Only then noticing the small green vines around his jaw and the larger vines firmly holding his hands toward the ceiling.

"Shit! Shit! Shit!" she thought, as she tried to process the current situation. Before she could react, she fell hard on her butt. Only then did she notice the vines circling up each of her legs, pulling her further into the room. She turned and tried to drag herself back to the bridge. Like an idiot, she had left the laser pistol in the pouch on her suit. She managed to crawl a few inches before she was forcefully pulled completely into the room. The vines were relentless as they pulled her legs towards the back wall, stradling Zach's spread legs in the process. From this vantage point, she finally noticed the single large green vine that snaked up Zach's left leg and disappeared behind his balls. She thought she had a decent idea where that one ended up.

Aleyra frantically grasped at the door frame to get any kind of leverage. Before she could even get her fingers lodged around the frame, more vines from the ceiling wrapped her wrists and began pulling the arms up. She could feel the vines wrapping around her entire body beneath her clothes. Then all the vines except the ones around her ankles and wrists loosened. Well, after the horrible realization of what was happening, "loosened" wasn't the right word to use. Those vines instead were stretching out against themselves, putting pressure on her clothing. It wasn't long before she heard the first of many rips as her clothing was torn to shreds and the vines once again began to snake around her.

The vines jerked suddenly, pulling Aleyra tightly against Zach. The restraints on their wrists began to intertwine as she felt the vines circling both of their torsos tighten. With her legs spread and pulled towards the back wall, this left Zach's upright cock pressed firmly against her clit. She struggled wildly trying to prevent whatever was coming next, but then she felt two large vines begin to spiral up each of her legs. Aleyra couldn't move her head enough to look down to see what was happening, but she could feel the large bulbous head of the vine as it reached the entrance to her pussy.

She let out a load moan as the phallic plant filled her pussy and began pulsating back and forth. "What the fuck is this thing?" she yelled between her moaning.

"Mmmm mmm mmmmm" was the only response she received as Zach struggled to open his jaw.

Aleyra noticed that Zach had completely given in to whatever the shit was happening. His eyes were practically rolling back in his head as he ground his cock against her clit. Then she felt something strange from the vine that had impaled her vagina. It felt like it was swelling. "Oh shit, this thing is like a smaller version of Vexillon's cock. She had never experienced one, but she had heard tales of how their cocks had two glands that enlarged during sex. One near the entrance of the pussy to make sure the woman wasn't going anywhere, and one near the cervix to ensure all their cum hit the target.

"Oh fuck!" it was starting to feel damn good as the smaller vines constricted her body and the big one filled her pussy more and more. Then she felt something hit her stomach. "You bastard, did you really just nut on me?! I'm gon..." She was cut off as another of the large vines pushed itself into her mouth. Her eyes blazed with rage towards him, until they quickly turned to alarm.

She felt another vine begin to add pressure to her asshole. She knew she should be terrified but she was feeling so damn horny that she began to try to rock back against the anal probe. She felt her first orgasm ravage her as the vine penetrated her ass. Her spasms seemed to just heighten the feeling as it compressed against the large knots in her pussy and the ones slowly forming in her ass.

As she came down from her orgasm, she glanced at Zach one more time. His eyes were closed and he looked like he was unconscious. His pelvis was still gyrating and his dick was dripping with precum, that vine must be doing a number to his prostate.

Just then Aleyra heard the door shut to the room. A terminal screen flashed to life on the side wall. She strained her head against the pulsating vine in her mouth to get a view of the screen. Glaring from the screen was the red haired woman that they had "saved."

"You fucking turned on the nav system?! FUCK!" the unknown woman exclaimed. She looked contemplative for a few seconds then continued. "Alright, I'm going to have to borrow your ship. I'll do you the courtesy of freeing you from the Chloterius Tree. Not that I particularly care about you two assholes, but I need to take it with me. So here is what's gonna happen. The tree is going to continue to rape the shit out of both of you while I lower the temperature back down. It looks like he has already passed out, I imagine you won't be too far behind him. Can I access your ship using the controls in your exo-suit?

Aleyra made no attempt to respond.

"You can be that way if you want, I can just leave this going until your pussy, ass, and throat are completely raw. Because that thing is insatiable."

Aleyra struggled and managed to nod in the affirmative.

"Good, so I'll be borrowing your ship, but I'll leave you with this ship and enough fuel to reach the nearest station." Her hand appeared to be punching some buttons on the side of the screen when the red head winced. "Well, that happens to be Red Roc's Station. It's not a pleasant place, but if you play your cards right you may can get the ship sold and transport to a reputable station without getting yourselves killed." She continued talking but Aleyra had trouble making out many of the words other than "do it quickly" before she fully fell into unconsciousness.

----------------

Zach groggily awoke sometime later, completely naked and freezing his ass off. Well, not all of him was freezing, he felt warmth against his chest and crotch. His eyes focused on the naked form of Aleyra wrapped around him with her breasts pressed against his chest and her mound pressed against his limp cock. He slowly stood up and looked around the room. The vines were all gone, as well as the big ass raping demon spawned seed that they came from. Zach gently rocked Aleyra trying to wake her.

"Aleyra! Wake up!"

She was still out to the world. "You're a bitch, did you know that?" he said as he slapped her across the face. She still showed no response. Zach couldn't help but notice her small tits and what looked like painfully erect nipples. He grabbed each of her tits. There wasn't really enough there to really grab a handful, but he pinched both of her nipples hard, pulling them in various directions. Surprisingly, this resulted in Aleyra making a soft moan and spreading her legs wide. He couldn't resist having a close look at her sex. There were dried fluids all over her inner thighs and ass. Zach slipped one finger into her pussy and slowly began licking her clit. Soon he was pounding three fingers into her furiously and gently biting at her clit. 

Alerya let out a loud moan which startled him. He decided he had better not push his luck too far, there's no telling how much she would dock his pay if she caught him. Zach moved to the bridge and turned the heat setting back up. He searched the ship for extra clothes and found two sets that should fit them both. Fearing that she may wake up mid dressing and go ape shit, he opted to just cover her naked form up with a sheet for now.

Sometime later, Aleyra slowly blinked her eyes to consciousness. She found herself naked on the bridge and wrapped up in a sheet. She turned to see Zach sitting in the captain's chair staring out at the asteroid field.

"She took our ship. It looks like we have less than 30 units of fuel left. It won't be nearly enough to get us back to the Orion Station." he said.

"You would even think of going back there you limp dick?! You just want to show back up at Orion after losing their fucking ship? We would get off well to work off that debt the rest of our lives, hell, they may just jettison us off the station to save the effort." she barked.

"Shut the fuck up you bitch!" he responded. Not exactly in anger, just as a matter of fact. 

Aleyra sat there stunned for a few moments before mustering her anger. "Who the hell do you think you are talking to Engineer Coogan?!"

"A pathetic former captain that just lost her damn ship and any chance of commanding another one because she was too greedy to just do the job she was assigned."

The facts of the situation slowly sank in for Aleyra. The bastard was right. There was no way she would ever pay back her own debts, much less whatever Orion would come for without her captain's license. Her prospects had gone from becoming rich saving the daughter of a powerful man to owing all the wrong people more money than she could ever pay. "Fuuuuuuck!" Her mind began to frantically try and figure out any possible way she could survive this.

"I'm sorry." she whispered. "I know I've been an asshole to you for this whole contract, and I'm sorry." she said a little louder.

"Why bother with that now?" he answered.

"If we are gonna get through this then we are going to have to work together. No more captain and engineer, just Aleyra and Zach."

"We can't even make it back to the station, no one will find us out here. It's over, you fucked us." he said with exasperation.

"No, but we have enough to make it to Red Roc's. It's not a good option, but it's our only option." she said with forced optimism.
