 Date: Voyage Day 2, continued

Location: Between Jupiter and Saturn

Captain Washington stepped through the oval hatch that led into Chef Muldren's sleeping quarters. He ducked his head as he entered to avoid bumping the doorway's low frame. The room's dimensions were ten by ten, with an eight-foot ceiling. As soon as he straightened up, the first thing he noticed were the handful of colorful posters Margo had put up on the walls. They featured unicorns and rainbows. The second thing he noticed was that they'd all been defaced with profanity and vulgar sketches.

Margo's closet door was open. Inside, the lieutenant witnessed a small assortment of leather clothing: jackets, vests, pants and boots. Her accessories included various studded belts and chains. Every sleeping quarter had furniture that could fold up into the walls when it was not in use, such as the bunk beds and a small corner table. The table in Margo's room was presently pulled open. On it rested a human skull, which he hoped wasn't authentic. On the tabletop rested a pencil with a plastic tarantula for an eraser, along with a pretty pink diary.

The bunk beds were folded up and out of the way. Once Margo had secured the hatch door, she roughly brushed past the captain and went to pull the bottom bunk away from the wall. With a loud click, the bed's two collapsible legs extended onto the lightly carpeted floor.

Margo turned to face him. "This is a one-time deal, you hear me? I don't want you coming over here trying to serenade me or nothing like that. I don't want you writing me any love songs or poetry, or leaving sappy notes around for me to find later. The only reasons I'm doing this are because one, I haven't slept with a man since high school and I forgot what it was like. Two, because I'm getting back at that bitch that tossed me out of my apartment, and three, because I am very grateful that you were kind enough to hook me up with some fries when I was really, really hungry."

Before Washington could even answer, Margo had grabbed the front of his shirt and tossed him onto her bunk.

The captain jumped back onto his feet. "Now, just wait a minute! You can't do that to me!"

Margo again shoved him down on the bed. To make sure the captain wouldn't pop back up a second time, she jumped down on top of him.

The two of them started wrestling, with each one trying to get on top of the other. They even managed to roll off the bunk once, but since they had a good grip on each other's clothing by then, they both lugged each other back on.

Following a calculated feint, Washington managed to get Margo in a headlock. That is, until he felt the woman's teeth trying to bite through his shirt at the forearm. He managed to move his limb away in the nick of time. Margo slipped through his hold and almost managed to force the captain onto his back again. Washington kneed the thick-bodied woman in the gut, hard enough to wind her. He shoved her away and rolled off the bed and onto his feet. Washington crouched into a defensive position and awaited her next attack.

Margo caught her breath, looking meaner and angrier than usual. The big woman rolled away from the bunk and took a spot about five feet from where Washington stood. She pulled her dingy shirt over her head, dropping it onto the floor behind her. This caused her dog tags to jingle for a moment, until they settled into the large cleft between her enormous breasts.

Washington gulped. Margo's breasts were encased in a massive white bra. He watched as she loosened her belt and kicked off her boots. The enraged woman stepped out of her pants and kicked them out of the way behind her, leaving her wearing only the white bra and thong. "You wanna try that cheap knee strike again, you dog?"

In reply, Washington stripped off his own uniform as fast as he could. When his pants got caught on his boots, however, Margo seized upon his misfortune and came rumbling at him. She grabbed the captain by the waist, lifted him into the air, and slammed him down on the bunk.

Although jarred, Washington still managed to clasp his arms behind Margo's back, preventing her from jostling him about any further. He had the sudden idea to switch tactics before he really got hurt. "Okay, Margo, you win. I give up."

This caught Margo by surprise, as he thought it would. "What do you mean, you give up? You can't give up!"

Washington allowed his body to go slack, to show that he didn't want to fight any more. "You're a tough lady and you're used to having your way in bed. You like to dominate your partners. I get that, okay? So, let's just get past all the pushing and shoving and move on to the next step. I'm game for whatever you have in mind."

"Really?" Margo considered this. "Can I get my strap-on?"

"Anything except that." Washington empathically shook his head.

With Margo's hands stretched out to either side of the captain, and her body separated from his by only a foot or so, the woman's barely covered breasts were left enticingly within his reach. This gave the man another idea, so he simply reached up and cupped them both.

Margo watched as the captain's ebony fingers started groping her through her bra. A moment later, she shuddered when he yanked her bra upward and released her full, ripe melons. Washington began playing with her nipples.

"Captain?"

"Yes, Margo?"

"I'd like for you to fuck me now."

"In that case, I order you to remove your thong."

"Yes, sir." She maneuvered off the bunk and stripped off her lingerie.

Washington pulled his boxers off and exposed his extra long cock.

"Wow." Margo stated. "How am I supposed to get in position for that thing?"

"Let's switch places." Washington suggested.

They did. Once Margo was lying on her back, her thick and creamy legs were tossed up on her superior officer's shoulders. Captain Tyrone Boom-Boom Washington made his first official conquest on board the SCS Space Relations.

Back at the hub, Ensign Smith turned toward Ensign Brukenfooken. "Where do you think everybody went? Why is it taking so long for them to come back?"

Since Brukenfooken had no answer, he simply looked back anxiously at the sliding doors and shrugged his shoulders.

Over in the conference room, Ensign Cummings was howling like a banshee, but thanks to the effective soundproofing within the walls, nobody outside of that room could hear him.

"That's it, baby!" Cruz instructed his fellow science ensign. "Give him another twist or two. I think he's about to blow!"

Officer Wattakunt was standing behind Cummings, reaching around to grab at his crotch, and masturbating the navigator using the washing machine method.

Cummings cried out, "Gimme the wipes! Gimme the wipes!"

Cruz held out a handful of them. The navigator barely had time to position them, when he started spurting out ropes and ropes of cum.

"Oh, yeah!" Cummings came all over. "Oh, yeah!" He shook all over too, and kept making his distinctive 'O' face, until Wattakunt finally released his Willy.

"I'm going to need a couple of wipes, too." Mary said.

"Here you go, baby." Cruz tossed her the rest of the little tub. "How was that, Cummings? Better than self-service?"

"Oh, I'll say it was." The navigator nodded. "Thanks, Mary. That was beyond spectacular."

"When you're happy, it makes me feel happy, too." Mary leaned over and kissed the big man on the cheek. "I can sense your feelings, remember?"

"Now, the two of us, want the one of you, to get laid all the time." Cruz stated to Cummings. "But you may have to make some sacrifices regarding your personal hygiene and eating habits if you want to attract the ladies. If you're willing to work with us, we'll help you make that happen, baby!"

"That's right, Cummings." Mary agreed. "We're working as a team now."

"Let me think about it." Cummings said. He wasn't ready to give up on pizza and burgers just yet, although he was seriously thinking about it.

"You take all the time that you want." Cruz patted the man's shoulder. "We'll be right here waiting for you, whenever you need us."

"Gee, you guys are swell."

Once Mary had tossed away her wipes, she stepped behind Cruz and put her pretty chin on his shoulder. She patted his bum playfully.

"Are you still horny, baby?"

Mary smiled. "That's my middle name!"

Cummings noticed the wave of sensuality rising in the room like the heat from an electric blanket. It had to be coming from Mary's mind. "Uh, should I step out now?"

"Only if you want to." Cruz shrugged casually. He glanced over at the conference table. "Actually, why don't you take a seat right across the table, right over there?"

"Okay." Cummings nodded and strode over.

Cruz picked up the tub of wipes and slid it closer to the navigator. "You're going to need these in a minute or two." He turned to Mary. "Young lady, you have been found in violation of penis code one-one-seven-dash-two, which states that mentally saturating a room with telepathic sexy is grounds for punitive action. Assume the position."

"Challenge accepted!" Mary said, right before she pulled down her pants and bent over the conference table. She was staring directly into Cummings' face, as Cruz moved in very close behind her.

"Maybe one of us should go back there and look for them?" Ensign Brukenfooken looked over at Ensign Smith. He was starting to sound worried. "I mean, we're out here in deep space now. What if something cosmic happened and the rest of the crew disappeared? What if we're the only two people still left on the ship?"

Ensign Smith revolved her seat to face the sliding doors that led away from the command center. "Well, what if I go through those doors and I disappear, too?"

Apprehensively, the two ensigns stared at the sliding doors, but neither one made a move toward them.

Back in Margo's sleeping quarters, we find the busty chef on top of her bunk bed, with her breasts bouncing up and down like runaway beach balls.

"Oh, Cappy, I'm going to start taking your fries every chance I get! Oh, Cappy!" She ground her hips down one final time, taking in most of Washington's considerable length, when her climax started erupting within her. "Oh, you asshole! You did it! You're making me cum a river! Why couldn't you be a woman, damn it?"

She leaned forward, giving Washington the opportunity to grope at her lovely melons again. Her superior officer took full advantage, while at the same time bucking his hips upward and pounding into her from below.

Washington tried to hold back, he really did, but the sight of all that pale and creamy flesh bouncing above him and trapped in his hands sent him flying over the edge. He bucked into her a few more times, each thrust increasing his own stellar orgasm, until Margo fell over him and they both lay there like a pair of crumpled, damp rags.

"I order you to kiss me." Washington said. "All this time, and you haven't even kissed me once."

"I can't." Margo refused. "It's against the Lesbian Code of Honor."

"What about having sex with a man?" Washington questioned. "That's got to be in your lesbian code too, right?"

"It is." Margo nodded. "But come on, Cappy, I don't want to break all the rules at once."

"I just gave you a direct order." Washington insisted. "And besides, I'm not going to tell anyone about it. It's for my personal curiosity."

"Oh, all right." Margo ran her hand across Washington's taut chest, before she leaned her head in close to his. She kissed him, not long and hard, but not short and sweet, either.

When they were done, she asked, "You know I haven't kissed a man in over ten years. So, how was it?"

"It was nice, actually." Washington admitted. "It wasn't too girly, but I didn't expect it to be. It wasn't too manly either, so I guess it was right in the middle between the two extremes."

Margo smiled and gave Washington one last peck on the cheek. "Thanks. I've got to get out of here and go get dinner started, okay?"

She crawled off the bed and went over to retrieve her discarded clothing.

Washington got a good, long look at her big, creamy buttocks. They looked so yummy he already started envisioning having another go at them. "Will you be making fries later?"

"Are you trying to convert my heathen ways too, captain? Like Cruz is?"

"No, not necessarily. I'm only trying to broaden your horizons a little bit. And mine too while I'm at it." He winked at her. "I've never slept with a lesbian before. I have to admit, I really enjoyed it."

"You weren't too bad yourself, for a man." Margo finished getting dressed. "You gonna lie there naked all day, or are you gonna go out there and run your little starship?"

"You're right." Washington was only now realizing how long he'd been away from the hub. He rolled off the bunk and started gathering his own wardrobe. "I hope my two ensigns are doing okay up there without me."

At the command center, both Ensign Brukenfooken and Ensign Smith stood before the sliding doors.

"We should both go to the back of the ship, at the same time." Smith suggested.

Brukenfooken mulled this over. "But what if we both go and we both disappear. Who's going to be left to fly the ship?"

"Well, we could put the ship on auto-pilot."

"Right." Brukenfooken nodded, when another thought occurred to him. "But if we both disappear and somebody else boards the ship, and there's no one around to tell them that we've all disappeared, then even more people might disappear. Right?"

Smith started biting at her fingernails. "A lot of people might disappear, wouldn't they? Until somebody finally figures out what's happening? I don't want to feel responsible for other people disappearing, even if I'm somewhere else that isn't here."

"It is a dilemma." Brukenfooken scratched at his large head.

"It is." Smith agreed. "What if we left a Post-It note somewhere?"

Back in the conference room, we discover science officer Wattakunt lying nude atop the table, with both her boobs and cunny smothered in whipped cream. Both science officer Cruz and regular ensign Cummings have whipped cream lathered all over the lower half of their faces.

"We're going to switch places now." Cruz directed the navigator. "It's time for you to try out the tuna casserole and for me to ascend the twin peaks."

Cummings nodded emphatically. "Gotcha."

"You're going to be practicing some techniques while you're down there." Cruz further instructed. "First, the wide tongue stratagem, and then, the narrow tongue initiative, and finally, the Tom and Jerry maneuver."

"Wait, what's that last one?"

"It's where you go around and around in a tightening spiral, and you finally pop right into the little mouse hole."

"Okay, I got it." Cummings nodded. "I am ready."

"Mary will pat your head when she wants you to move on to the next technique." Cruz mentioned, after which he glanced over at the test subject. "Mary, are you ready?"

Wattakunt had acquired an astronaut helmet from somewhere. She now clicked its visor shut and gave them both an enthusiastic thumbs-up.

The two ensigns were still working on her, when Margo and Washington descended the ladder.

Cruz was the first to notice their presence.

"Captain on deck!" He announced.

Cummings and Cruz both straightened up immediately. Since Mary was having a tough time opening her astronaut helmet, the two men quickly assisted her off the conference table and to a standing position between them. All three ensigns promptly stood at attention.

The captain took in the whipped cream on the two men's faces, all over Mary's nude body, on the table, the chairs, the floor. There was even whipped cream up on the ceiling, he noticed. "I see you three have been keeping busy."

Margo snickered, patted the Captain's butt, and hurried off. "I'll be at the kitchen."

"We have been keeping busy, sir." Cruz nodded. "It was all research done in the name of science."

Washington's gaze briefly lingered on Mary's naked figure. She did in fact have a very nice body, he noted. "Well, I suppose we all needed a little leisure time. I know I did. Since it's nearly time for us to rendezvous with the Starship Neptune, I'd like for the three of you to get yourselves and this room cleaned up. In case we have any official visitors boarding the ship. Am I understood?"

"Yes, sir." All three ensigns answered in unison, although Mary's voice was slightly muffled by her helmet.

"Very well." Washington said. "Ensign Cummings, join me in the hub when you're finished. You still have a ship to navigate."

"Yes, sir."

The captain left the conference room-slash-dining area, and entered the corridor leading up to the command center. At the end of the passage, he pressed the small pad that slid the doors open. Washington was surprised to see both Brukenfooken and Smith standing right in front of the door on the opposite side. Both ensigns jumped back, as startled to see the captain as the captain was to see them.

"Captain, you're still alive!" Smith gaped in his direction.

"Well, of course I am." Washington replied. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"You were gone for so long." Brukenfooken spoke up. "And so were all the others. We thought something had happened to all of you!"

"We thought you'd all disappeared!" Smith nodded. "You were all gone for hours and hours!"

"I see." Washington walked between the two and straight toward his chair. "We were all just, ah, taking a breather from the routine. I would have asked the two of you to come along, but we had to have somebody still running the ship, right?"

Both ensigns nodded.

"I'll tell you what." The captain said. "Once Cummings gets back into the navigator's chair, you can both leave the hub and go freshen up. I want you to be alert and ready when we greet the personnel from the Neptune. Does that sound good?"

"Yes, sir." The two ensigns replied, as they hurriedly scampered back to their usual spots.

Washington took his seat. His comfortable, official, lofty captain's seat. He recalled earlier, when Mary had asked Brukenfooken to take part in the sexual exam, and how quickly the Techno Viking had refused. Next he recalled how gorgeous Mary had looked in the conference room, when all she had on was an old astronaut's helmet and a lot of whipped cream. What sane man would turn his back on a stunning creature like that?

Something to consider later, he decided, as at the moment, he had more pressing matters. He sighed, as he thought over his upcoming rendezvous with the Starship Neptune. The captain was sure that a lot of administrative eyes would be watching him closely, and would probably love to report some fault or mischief from his crew back to the main administration back at Space Corps Earth.

Date: No longer applicable.

Location: Near Neptune

Ensign Cummings stared intently at the navigation panel. He was wearing a dark blue Space Corps shirt, cut a little generously to accommodate his wide girth, and the traditional black pants and short boots. Contrasting his usual demeanor, the man was clean-shaven and had splashed himself with peach scented cologne. He was also smiling and not scarfing down food from a tub, as he routinely did. "Approximately five minutes, captain, until the oxygen in the hangar reaches suitable levels."

"Thank you, Cummings." Washington nodded from his chair. "Perhaps now would be a good time to call everyone together. Ensign Smith, would you please issue a summons for all hands on deck?"

"Yes, sir." The cute but reserved brunette nodded. She pressed the intercom button on her console. "All hands, please report to the command center, on the double."

Within a few minutes, his female science officer and his chef had arrived, but officer Cruz had not. The Hispanic man rushed in several minutes later and quickly took his spot next to the two women.
