 Barely, Washington kept his composure as he stepped out. The lieutenant nearly slammed the door behind him, possibly hard enough to knock some of the letters off. He realized that was exactly the type of reaction that Braxton and her lackey were expecting from him. He shut the door as he normally would, noticing that Barbie was still standing out there in the hall. The woman observed him closely.

Without a word, Washington strode off. He hoped he made the correct turn, as he was too angry to remember how he'd gotten to Braxton's office. Luckily, he'd chosen the right path, as the receptionist's desk soon came into view. He made his way over to the elevator and almost punched the call button with his fist, except he didn't want to risk breaking it and having to wait on that floor a second longer than he had to. Washington soon exited at the right spot. As sure as Crumly had predicted, there was only one electric cart left in the parking stalls.

The driver snapped to attention when he saw the lieutenant emerging from the elevator area. "Hello, sir."

Wordlessly, Washington got in the seat furthest to the back, where he crossed his arms and sulked.

The driver took a moment to call some dispatch to tell them he was leaving the area, requesting that another driver come out to take his place. After, he glanced back at the lieutenant. "Where to, sir?"

"Anywhere." Washington growled. "Anywhere but here."

The cart rolled back out of its stall. Just as it was preparing to drive forward, a woman's voice called out.

"Wait! Wait for me!"

It was Barbie.

The driver paused, as the woman hurried over carrying a satchel. She tossed the item on the middle seat, before she jumped into the back seat with Washington.

"I had to run back to grab my things." She admitted. "Since everybody's taking the day off because of the game, I figured I'd go home and work on my paperwork there."

Washington turned his glowering face away from her.

"Destination, ma'am?" The driver asked.

"Uh, Section F." She said. "And take the long route, please. We're not in any big hurry."

"There's nothing in Section F." The driver said. "It's all under renovation."

"Oh, I know." Barbie said. "We just need some time to talk, and to unwind a little." And, the cameras aren't activated over there, she thought at the lieutenant.

Washington turned his head, but he was still too angry to look the woman in the eye. "I don't think I'll be very good company at the moment."

"I know that Braxton can be a bitch." Barbie admitted. "I work with that woman every day. She didn't have to say those things about you or your crew, but when she sees an opportunity to stick a needle in someone, she makes sure she takes it. Tell me, did you really sleep with that big, blonde guy?"

Despite his foul mood, Washington found himself sniggering. "No. It's part of some bizarre experiment my two science ensigns thought up, for me to tell people that so it would get me noticed by... well, by somebody like you. It's the first thing that popped into my head after Braxton and her jack-off henchman were insulting my ensign, for absolutely no reason."

"She does that sometimes." Barbie said. "Her and Sessler are real shits. Anyway, I knew you were a good guy, from the moment when you first knocked on the door of the conference room. You just give off a good vibe."

Washington brought his gaze as far as the woman's thighs, and no further. He was still too mad to look into her eyes. "I noticed that all of her executive people are white."

"Braxton doesn't like colored people." Barbie admitted. "She never has."

The lieutenant hated hearing those words, as he'd always hoped things would advance far enough in the universe for racial inequality to be a thing of the past. Why couldn't everybody just get along for once? He sighed. "Can you give me a Happy Kiss?"

"What's that?"

"That's were you put all kinds of good emotions together, and peck me on the cheek so that I'll feel completely happy for a while." Washington described. "I have a telepathist on my ship that can do that."

"We're at Section F." The driver announced. "Any particular area you'd like to check out?"

"Just drive all over." Barbie said. "We'll tell you when to take us back."

Washington noticed a lot of scaffolding, taped up walls, and a half finished chamber with very wide, ascending steps, among other things. "What are they building here?"

"Oh, some of the bigger ships are being retrofitted with their own mini-resorts." Barbie explained. "That's going to be a little theater stage, but we're also going to have a mini-golf course, restaurants, a movie center and a nice shopping area. All the comforts of being back home, without actually being back home. Anyway, I'm sorry, but I can't make you a happy kiss. All I can do is read thoughts when I set my mind to it. I'm just not that good with my psychic talents."

"Oh, that was just wishful thinking. I didn't really expect you to."

"I can do something else for you, though."

This time, Washington was curious enough to look Barbie in the face. Barbie was smiling at him. She looked so pretty that way that he soon found himself smiling as well.

"You think I'm fat, don't you?" She asked. "That's what you were thinking while you were staring at my butt earlier."

"Now, you know that's not true." Washington said. "All you have to do is take a look at what I'm thinking right now."

"I don't like doing it that way." Barbie said. "It's too much like cheating, when I just stick my mind into somebody else's and read what they're thinking. I'd rather hear it from a person's own lips."

"Okay. In that case, I think you're beautiful, and intelligent, and sexy. I love the way your butt looks."

"Am I attractive enough to fuck?" Barbie asked.

"You are attractive enough to make love to." Washington corrected. "Fucking is what animals do. I'd like to think that I'm a few steps higher up on the evolutionary ladder than that."

"Have you ever made love in an electric cart?"

"No, but I'm about to." Washington leaned closer. He placed his arm around the back of Barbie's neck, and brought her head in close so he could kiss her.

Her lips were warm and soft, and so different from Margo's rough and demanding ones, he compared. When Barbie introduced her tongue into the fray, it was a slippery eel that darted around the crevices and plains of Washington's mouth. His own tongue felt like sandpaper against her cottony one. He almost felt cruel to invade her velvety mouth with it.

As they kissed, Barbie's hand found it's way to his thigh. A minute later, it became emboldened enough to slip over his crotch. She gasped and drew her head away to see what her fingers had discovered.

"Whoa!" She cried out. "What is that thing, a rattlesnake?"

Washington suddenly felt shy. "It's not that big."

"Oh, yes it is!" She fumbled through her pockets for something. When she couldn't find it, she leaned over and started digging into her satchel next. She pulled out her phone. "Can I take a picture of it?"

Washington's first thought was of what Braxton might say if she were ever to view such picture. "I don't know. Maybe that's not such a good idea."

"It'll be just for me, I promise." Barbie said. "If you let me take a picture of it, I will give you the best blowjob you've ever had."

For two-point-five seconds, Washington thought this over. "Okay, let me get my pants down." (As we learned previously, the lieutenant is a sucker for blowjobs.)

Suffice to say, the picture was taken, and the blowjob was soon underway.

When the electric cart started rocking in an unexpected way, the driver happened to glance back in the rearview mirror. That's when he saw the pretty logistics lady leaned over the middle seat and moaning out loud. She was fully nude, the driver was startled to see. Her tits were being flung about all over the place as she was being jostled from behind. The captain of that little ship that had just come in was equally naked and pummeling into her like a lunatic.

This was much better than that picture Crumly was passing around, the driver thought, as he pulled out his own phone and set it to record the action. He mounted it on the cart's dash and kept on driving. He could watch the romp later, as he didn't want to accidentally crash into any of the construction equipment and materials that were lying around everywhere.

Some ten minutes passed before the driver dared to take another quick look back. The couple had changed positions, he saw. The captain was now sitting on the back seat, and the logistics lady was straddling him so that they faced each other. She had one nice ass on her, he whistled, softly so as not to be heard.

The driver heard them both climaxing. Soon, their movements weren't affecting the cart so much, so the driver quickly stopped the recording and hid his phone. Crumly was about to be shown up, he thought, and then some!

In the back seat, Washington was no longer hard, but this didn't stop him from placing his mouth all over Barbie's perky breasts. Barbie started quivering again, both from the black man's mouth and from his long fingers playing within her. She half-croaked, half-moaned out another orgasm.

Within a short duration, she flooded his hand with nectar, after which she tore her body away from his attentions and flopped back on her seat. "That was three times that I came!"

"It would have been more," Washington frowned. "If we had a more comfortable spot to lie down in, it would have been."

"There's always my apartment." Barbie suggested.

"What about all of Braxton's cameras?"

"Aargh!" Barbie growled. "That's right. That bitch will probably fire me if she finds out I slept with you."

"Because I'm black?" Washington asked.

"Yes." Barbie admitted. "But not only that. It's because you're a man too, and because you're from Cocksander's side of the fleet, and because you have such a small ship that she thinks she can stomp on it like a bug. It's not just a race thing, it's just that Braxton hates everything and everybody that doesn't bow to her will."

"Sometimes a brother just can't win, huh?"

Barbie leaned over and kissed him. "We'll sneak out here again, okay? Just promise me that I'll be the only woman you make love to while you're on the Neptune. I don't want to be one of like fifty women you end up screwing. It'll become a 'me too' kind of thing. It'll make me feel special if I'm the only one."

As it seemed a reasonable agreement, and since Washington thought Barbie was very attractive anyway, he said simply, "I promise, and you are special."

Barbie smiled and kissed him again. "You really meant that. I saw it in your thoughts!"

"Of course I did."

Barbie made a face. "I really don't want to go back. I think I'd stay with you in this section of the ship for the entire two days you're supposed to be here, if I thought I could get away with it." She sighed, and turned toward the driver. "We're ready to go back now."

The driver glanced back, before giving them a double take. "You might want to get dressed first."

Both newly acquainted lovers started gathering their clothing together. Almost at the same time, they realized something very important.

"Driver, can you go back over the same route you were driving earlier?" Washington asked. "I think we dropped some of our clothes on the road.

The cart was soon retracing its tracks.

Date: Later than the previous date.

Location: The Aegean Lounge, on the Starship Neptune.

Lieutenant Washington stepped into the lounge, fully not expecting the scene that met his eyes. There were very few people around, and the ambiance was more like an abandoned business than anything else. He stepped right over the dance floor, trying to peer into the darker corners of the lounge, when he heard a familiar voice.

"Over here, baby." Cruz called to him.

Washington stepped over to a horseshoe-shaped couch, with a small circular table in its center. Cruz sat on the couch. Mary was lying down with her head on his lap.

"You're wearing a plum colored shirt." Cruz noticed.

The lieutenant slid over next to Cruz. "I had to go to the uniform shop. They were all out of gray. I seem to have lost my original shirt."

"Oooh, captain's been naughty again." Mary said. "Come and sit on this side, so I can put my legs on your lap."

"Okay." Washington shrugged, as there didn't seem to be any people paying attention to them anyway. Once he was seated and Mary's feet rested on his thighs, he said, "I figured you two would have set the roof on fire by now, to use an ancient colloquialism. What happened to the four women you rode off with earlier?"

"Oh, them." Cruz said, shaking his head. "They came in and took one look at this place, and then they wanted to leave right away. They didn't want to start a party; they wanted to jump into a party. There is no initiative here, lieutenant, just a bunch of drone followers. It's even worse than when I first took up in that nursing home. At least those people were willing to try something different."

"These people are sooo boring." Mary added. "I tried to dance with a couple of the guys here, but all they wanted was sex, sex, sex, as if I was some kind of prostitute. Fuck that! I want to have some fun first, before I really have some fun!"

Washington glanced around. "This place does seem more dead than alive."

"We're hoping things improve once the game is over." Cruz nodded.

"Or once Crumly and his guys get off their shift." Mary said. "Then they can come here and really get off."

"Kind of like being back on the ship," Washington compared. "When everybody in the crew was feeling down."

"Except in this case it is in titanic proportions." Cruz replied. "No way a group hug is going to fix this, or a gazillion Happy Kisses."

"I've never known the two of you to give up like this." The lieutenant said.

"It's not us." Mary answered. "It's this ship. It's got so much negative energy bottled up inside of it that it's draining everything out of me. That's why I'm lying close to Cruz, because I'm hoping his brain pattern will keep me positive. I don't think it's working though. I think I'm sucking up so much bad karma that I'm smearing it all over Cruz unintentionally."

"You might be right about this ship." Washington said. "I've only been sitting here about two minutes and I'm already starting to feel crappy. I should be jumping up and down right now, because I just got laid with a very attractive woman. Hey, speaking of attractive women, where's Willow? I just noticed that she isn't here."

"She went to get the rest of the crew out of detention." Cruz informed him.

"What?" Washington asked. "Why is part of my crew being detained?"

"It seems some ardent Trident fans mistook them for Strider fans." Cruz said, when he turned toward the bar. "Bartender?"

"Yeah."

"Could you show my lieutenant that video clip, of that brawl that took place at the game? The one we were watching earlier?"

"Yeah, no problem."

About a minute later, some of the monitors flickered on. There was a play-by-play commentator droning on about whatever was taking place on the field, when the camera swung over and caught a scuffle erupting in the stands. Sure enough, it involved Washington's people. Ensign Cummings was seen pushing another man back and forth, when some guy in a Tridents shirt sucker-punched him and knocked him over.

Margo's huge frame could be seen standing up next, lifting the Trident guy into the air before she tossed him into the rest of his buddies. Suddenly, six Trident supporters were rushing Margo. That's when Brukenfooken appeared. Between the two of them, they beat back their six attackers. By then, people could be heard shouting that they were Strider's fans. It seemed as if that entire section of the stands came alive to mob them. Security finally came in and broke the melee up.

The screens flickered off.

"I've already had the video forwarded to our ship." Cruz mentioned. "It's going to be on our highlight reel, whenever we get around to making one."

"It's over." Washington leaned forward, putting his forearms and head on the table. "It's all gone to shit. Put a fork in me, because I am done."

"No, I think they did very well," Cruz countered. "Considering they were fighting against a goodly portion of the stadium."

"I'm not talking about the others." Washington corrected. "I'm talking about my career. Commander Braxton has been recording each and every one of us from the moment we left our ship. She's going to forward it all to Admiral Cocksander. This brawl is pretty much going to bury me. My career in the Space Corps is over."

"That is so fucked up!" Cruz shouted, causing a lot of heads to turn briefly in their direction. He looked down at Mary. "I'm sorry, darling, but you may have to cover your virgin ears for a bit. I feel an attack of Tourettes Syndrome coming on, thanks to this Braxton bitch. You know, I think it's her fault that this ship is so fucked up, because she's so fucked up herself. Like that Mulligan fellow, he had so much shit rolling down on his head that he eventually collapsed and started flinging the shit down on his own workers. The shit always starts rolling from the top of the hill, and guess who is standing at the top of the hill and rolling that shit down on everyone else?"

"The Braxton bitch." Mary sat up.

"That's right!" Cruz slammed his hand on the table. "I think it's about time someone took a shit on her instead!"

"You just turned me on with all that macho talk." Mary moved closer to Cruz. "Will you fuck me right here on this table?"

"Normally, I'd love to, and you know I would, Mary." Cruz said. "I dearly would. But this time, I'm afraid the situation is much bigger than the two of us. This isn't just for you or me, baby, this one's for all of humanity! The fate of the entire universe could very well rest in our hands!"

At that moment, Brukenfooken, Cummings, Margo and Willow all walked into the lounge.

"Well, look who's getting all wound up again." Margo rolled her eyes at Cruz' mini-eruption.

"Get behind me, you lesbian!" Cruz shouted. "May you not infect other women with your deviant ways! May your nether regions return to their natural tendencies and embrace manhood as they were meant to!"

"Kiss my ass and write a love story." Margo made a half turn and patted her butt.

Without warning, Cruz scrambled out from behind the small table. He climbed up on top of the horseshoe couch and made a flying leap that knocked Margo on her back and onto the edge of the dance floor. A second later, the science ensign was ferociously kissing all over Margo's face and neck in his misguided attempt to drive the lesbian out of her.

Being much stronger, Margo wrestled Cruz onto his back and mounted him instead. She yanked her vest off, and then her shirt, as she glared down at her captive. "All right, little man, let's see what you've got!"

"Hey, wait a minute!" Mary bolted around the table next. "I want in!" She jumped on Margo's back, where all three of them began squirming around on the floor.

Washington noticed that a few of the patrons were recording the action on their phones. "Fuck! As if things couldn't get any worse." He slid around the couch and made his way over to the combatants. "Willow, grab Mary. Brukenfooken, Cummings, get Margo back. I'll control Cruz."

It took a short bit, but eventually the three combatants were separated.

"Let me go!" Cruz demanded. "I was making good progress!"

"I'll say you were." Margo agreed. "You got me primed up faster than a bottomless chorus line would have."

"What about me?" Mary asked.

"Take a ticket and wait your turn in line, sister." Margo snapped. "This ride only takes one passenger at a time!"
