 This is a story of how a virgin got abducted for a night by alien from another planet. She will never forget him and what happened. The first of the story is how things started. Please keep reading and I promise it will get better.

*****

I am so excited today cause I got an interview for a job. I was having trouble finding one cause no one wants a 18 year old just out of high school but I kept looking. And it finally paid off.

He said, "I have interviewed a few people for this job and I now know who I want for the job. You are now the newest member of our staff here at Classy And Casual Restaurant. Now I need to find out if you have black dress pants and rubber sole shoes? We do furnish the top for our employees though so let us go in the back to get a couple of tops in your size. Then we will fill out the paperwork."

I said, "Oh thank you sir. I am most grateful and will be a great employee here for you. And yes I have some casual black slacks and some rubber sole shoes and I wear a small top." I am 5' 2" and weigh 120 lbs. So that makes me a small woman. I also have dishwater blonde hair and it is shoulder length.

He walked to the back of the store and opened up a locker with uniform tops and went through the sizes and when he did not find any in a small size, he then looked in some boxes and found 2 that were still in the packages. He handed them to me and then he walked back toward his office and pulled out some paperwork for me to fill out. After I filled them all out, he then filed everything except a couple of papers that I figured he had to send to the company that pays us.

He said, "Ok Lisa, everything is in order so be here at 5 pm tomorrow night and expect to work till closing."

I said, "I will be here at 5, sir and thank you for believing in me."

I walked away and drove home. I decided to take the uniform tops into the laundry room to be washed and dried so I could wear one of them tomorrow night on my first night on the job. I was so excited to finally be working even though my parents who have both passed away had left me very wealthy but the money had not come in yet. I did have my trust fund that my parents gave me access to when I turned 18. So I was not hurting but just wanted to keep myself busy and occupied. I was so tired when I went to bed that night that as soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out like a light. I don't even remember if I dreamed anything at all.

I woke up the next day and decided I might not have enough energy after work to do any cleaning in the house so I started cleaning every room except my parents room cause I still had a hard time going in there. But I will eventually have to do that for myself to heal. The preacher and his wife at the church where I go told me that they would help me sort out everything when I was up to it. For that I am grateful to have people who cares.

By the time I got through cleaning, I took a shower. Then cleaned up and ate something. I laid down for a nap and when I awoke, it was time for me to get ready for work. I got to work 15 minutes early. Mr. Roberts took me around and introduced me to everyone. 

He then told me, "Lisa, you are going to be busing the tables with our regular busboy cause it is usually busy on Friday nights. There will be times when it is slower and the employees take a short break and maybe eat them something. The meals are free when you work and when you come in on your days off then you get a discount. But you have to show what you eat on the register so we have a good inventory percentage."

I said, "Ok Mr. Roberts. I will be on my toes tonight for you."

We were really busy and none of ever got to have a break so when it was almost closing time then Mr. Roberts had the cook fix everyone of us a meal and he rang it up as a working employee meal so it would be free. It was very good and we all joked around while we ate. After we ate then we all got to cleaning, to close the place and then we all left and went home. I then went to bed.

I woke up from a dream that was so real that I thought I was still there in the dream. I was confused and I was so sweaty and was crying that I could not understand why. I do remember most of the dream but don't remember why I was crying and was so sweaty. It was a strange dream and if I told people about it they would think I was crazy.

The Dream

I was driving home from my first night on the job and all of a sudden I saw a aircraft hover over my car. My car sputtered to a stop and I was paralyzed. I was scared cause all of a sudden something lowered to the ground like steps and someone was walking down them. When the person came into view, I saw the most handsomest man I have ever seen. 

He was about 6 ft and weighed about 180 lbs and was built like a body builder with eight packs. He had black hair which came to his shoulders that looked so silky that I wanted to get out and touch the strands blowing in the wind. I am a virgin but for some reason my pussy started throbbing and was soaked. My nipples were so hard that they hurt and was squeezing with each step he took. I could smell my juices flowing and hope he couldn't smell my arousal.

He walked up to my car and opened the door. He reached in and motioned for me to get out. I felt like he had controlled my mind to do his bidding and I had no way of stopping him. So I got out of the car and followed him toward his aircraft. He started walking up the steps still controlling my brain to follow him into his aircraft. 

When I entered, the steps started lifting up and I was enclosed in what to be a spaceship that looked like the ones you see in movies. I looked back at him and noticed he was looking at me with a look like he wanted to eat me alive. His eyes were blue but the more he looked me up and down they started turning silver. I almost started freaking out but he touched me and I calmed down.

He said to me, "I didn't mean to frighten you by looking at you like that."

I said, "Who are you? Why did your eyes turn silver just now?"

He said, "I am Jono! I come from the planet Kissime. We are an intelligent creatures but we are needing your eggs to reproduce cause our females have become infertile and we have no understanding why that is happening. My people are dying out because of it. And who are you?"

I said, "Why should I tell you who I am if you have kidnapped me. I want to go home!"

He said, "You will go home and never remember what has happened. So tell me what your name is?"

I said, "I am Lisa and how do I believe you on what you have already told me. Give me proof."

He motioned me to another room and there were big monitors in the room that looked like a tv studio with several screens side by side. He went to a control board and started pushing buttons and the screen came on. I saw females being examined by what appeared to be doctors. I could understand what they were saying and it appeared that the females had a strange disease that made their ovaries close up to make them sterile. This is what the doctors were telling each other and then the females:

The uterus, or womb, which functions to host the developing fetus during gestation, produces vaginal secretions which allows sperm to pass through the Fallopian tubes in order to fertilize an egg. The Fallopian tubes are open in fertile females. But for some reason the females of out species, Fallopian tubes are closing which is a sign of being sterile. This only happens when our females are past child bearing age and this means our young females are undergoing a change in their bodies too early.

When Jono turned the monitor off, he then turned toward me and said, "Now do you believe me?" 

I told him, "Yes I do believe you now and how many eggs are you going to take from my body?"

He said, "I was going to take just a couple of eggs but when I flew over you I noticed my body reacted to yours. I was told if that happens then to have sex with the female and keep her long enough for the egg or eggs to reproduce. Then take the fertile egg or eggs that the sperm has fertilized and keep it in a special freezer and then come back and implant the fertile egg into one of our females since our DNA is the same."

I said, "Oh no you are not going to have sex with me cause I am a virgin and want to save myself for my husband to be."

He said, "You have no choice cause our brain is connected right now and also right now your body is reacting to mine as well as mine is to you."

I did notice that my body was betraying me cause like earlier in the car when I see him, my pussy was soaked through my panties and pants and my nipples were so erect that they were hurting. I could not control myself and I reached out and touched him. A electric shock went from his arm to my arm and I thought I was going to faint. He reached out and picked me up and carried me through the ship. 

I must have passed out during this cause when I awoke I was laying in a soft bed. He had taken my clothes off of me and he was also naked. He was laying next to me caressing my face and talking soothingly to me. He had some power over me and I reached up and touched his face and his eyes turned silver again.

I said, "Why do your eyes turn silver?"

He said, "My eyes do that cause I am aroused by your arousal."

He reached over and took one of my tits in his hand and started rubbing it. He felt every inch of my tit and squeezed and pushed on them. He was looking at me in such a way that I felt desire in every touch. When he brushed over my nipple lightly, I groaned in pleasure. He then did the same thing to my other tit. I could feel my nipples swelling in his mouth as I became very aroused. I started moaning and could not help myself. I reached out and touched his nipples and he groaned. I could feel his cock twitch at my touch of his nipples.

He said, "You are ready for me to get your pussy ready for me."

He then reached down and parted my pussy lips and inserted a finger. He started pushing lightly in and out. I could tell I was getting wetter. With his thumb he started making circular motions on my clit and it was the most overwhelming sensation I have ever felt. He picked up his speed on my clit and I could feel my world spinning out of control and when all of a sudden I felt like I was going to explode, I did but with the most exquisite feeling I have ever felt before and I screamed, 

I started bucking my hips to the rhythm of his fingers and rode his hand out till I calmed down. He moved lower until his face was between my legs and when his tongue reached out and licked my clit I came undone again and had another orgasm. My clit was swollen and the inside was soaked. I have never felt anything that was so fantastic like that before but was I in for more surprises. 

He started licking around my clit and took my clit into his mouth and started sucking. I felt his finger go inside my pussy and he hit something inside my pussy that made me come unglued again until I squirted in his face. He just kept on licking and sucking so I guess I did not do anything wrong. He still had his finger in my pussy but raised up and told me to get on my hands and knees. I turned around and noticed the size of his hard cock and I thought that is not going to go in me. When I did that then he inserted some kind of slimy liquid and it made me go numb but excited . He then took his cock which he aimed it toward my pussy entrance and he rubbed the head of his cock against my clit which made me moan even more than I was. 

When his cock head entered I was moaning so much that he surprised me even more when he plunged all the way in and then stopped. I was so stunned that I did not scream in pain cause it felt like someone had put a hot pole inside my pussy and it caused me to have an orgasm. I was still cumming when he started pumping in and out slowly letting me get use to his size. Then I felt that sweet pleasure inside my pussy that I later found out that was my g-spot. The pressure kept building until I screamed, "OH MY GOD! THAT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD! DON'T STOP! PLEASE DON'T STOP! 

He then pulled out and turned me around and got on top of me and plunged his cock back into me and I screamed again, AAAAAAAAAAAAA GGGGGGGGGGG OHHHHH FFUUUCCCKKKK YEEESSSS!

I was so exhausted from that last orgasm that I did not think I could go again but my body was telling me different. Cause he had me put my legs under him and he straddled me like he was riding me. He then brought his legs to each side of me and he plunged even deeper into my pussy until I could feel something sting me and then I felt a gush of liquid that I knew was his cum. The sting did not actually hurt but just felt like a ant sting. He never made a sound when he came. But was breathing hard. He pulled out when his breathing got back to normal and got off of me.

He then picked me up and took me into a room that had different instruments. He then put some lube all over my stomach and put this contraption that looked like a microphone and he rubs my stomach with it. He starts looking at this monitor and what I seen was amazing. The sperm was attacking my eggs fast. He then inserted a with a thin flexible tube like a catheter that must have had a suction cause it showed the tube going straight to my eggs and his sperm. He suction the sperm and eggs from my body with it. He then took a syringe and put the eggs and sperm into a small tube and he stuck it in a freezer compartment.

He then gave me my clothes and I got dressed and he let me go to my car. He then lifted the airship and the ship took off into the night. I started crying cause not only will I never see him again and started sweating so much that I could not breathe but I would never see what my body and his produced.

I woke up from my dream every night thinking was this real or just a dream. I was still sweating and crying and could not for the life of me understand why I was having this kind of dream.