 It has been 18 years since I lost my parents and even though I have dated through the years, all I have ever done was have sex with them. I felt like I would never find a man to love me like I wanted and that is what I wanted. I know I will never have children again cause my biological clock was ticking away but I will never forget the alien that bred me and took my embryo from me which I hope was not a dream but reality.

I still have those reoccurring dreams of him and I still think it was all a dream but I want to think that is was real. I wish I could wish the alien here but I know that is not possible. But I do daydream about him and also about what my child looks like after 18 years. 

I was working the late shift at the restaurant that I got when I was 18 years old and am now the assistant manager at night. We had been real busy tonight and I did not think the day would ever slow down so we could all catch our breaths. At about 8:30 that night it finally slowed down with a trickle of people coming to eat and then leaving. All the employees finally got their break and was rested up for the cleanup which takes us about an hour and a half. 

When all the customers left at closing time and the doors had been locked up for about an hour and a few employees had finally finished their cleanup for the breakfast then I went ahead and told them to go ahead and clock out and leave. There was still the cook and I left and he was almost finished and had to wait on me to finish my paperwork. I had already finished counting the register money and made out the deposit for the morning manager to take to the bank but still had a few paperwork to finish and I was through. 

When I got through then we both left and I locked the doors and we left and I got in my car and watched the cook drive off. I started my car and was driving home when I seen a light up in the sky that looked odd but familiar. I freaked out but drove on to my home that I had inherited from my late parents when they were killed in a car wreck. I was getting out of the car when I heard a loud sound and looked up in the sky and there was a spaceship above me. 

All of a sudden a beam of light came down and a figure came down with it. He came walking out of the beam and looked at me frozen standing there with a frightened look. He stopped ahead of me so not to scare me and said, "Are you Lisa?"

I said, "Yes I am Lisa and who are you?"

The alien was about 18 to 20 years old and looked like my dream alien but a younger version of him. But he has green eyes where the dream alien had blue. He said, "I am Kane! I was seeking my biological mother by my father Jono. He said you were my biological mother."

All of a sudden everything went black. And the next thing I remembered was waking up in my bed in my house and thought was that a dream I just had? I heard a noise like people talking in the next room and got up to go see who was talking but before I could even stand up the door opened and the young alien I thought I had dreamed about walked in. 

He said, "Are you alright? You scared me but my father reassured me that you just fainted from the shock." 

I said, "Your father is here? And was that who I heard you talking to?"

He said. "Yes my father is here and he is in the other room. We were discussing what to do if you refused us."

I said, "Refuse you? I am not understanding."

He said, "Hang on and I will go get father." He left and I was really confused now and was wondering why and what they were doing here and why they thought I was going to refuse them for any reason what so ever. 

The door opened and I gasped and there stood Jono, my dream alien. His eyes were silver and I could not for the life of me stop staring. He walked over to the bed and sat down which I guess scared me cause I scooted over away from him.

He said, "Lisa, do not be afraid of me cause our son and I are on a mission for our lives."

I said, "A mission for your lives? Not understanding and why are you here again and also why are your eyes silver again?"

He said, "I will answer all questions but first let me answer your last question first. My eyes are silver cause they now are permanently silver cause of my desire to be with you and our son. They gradually started changing every 5 years but they would go back to blue but then our son when he became 18 then they never went back to blue. That is why we need your help."

I said, "Why did they change to silver permanently? And why do you need my help?"

He said, "They became permanent because of me getting emotional with you and everytime I would see our son , then I would see you too! And that is why we need your help. We have been exiled from our planet cause I got emotionally involved with you when we had sex but I was beginning to have feelings for my son as a father."

I said, "No it doesn't but why are you here?"

Before he could answer, the door opened and Kane walked in carrying a tray of some kind of liquid. Jono stood up and helped him with the large tray and they set it on the table next to me on the other side of the king size bed. Kane sat down and Jono walked over to the other side of the bed. Kane handed us both a glass of liquid. It tasted like my cranberry juice I liked so much.

Jono said, " We are here to ask you if you could let us stay here and we will help out around the house. We have made us birth certificates like the ones you have and drivers license too. Also we have made Social Security card and everything is in the system here so we do exist here now so you don't have that to worry about. But the drivers license show they will expire and we will have to renew them soon."

Kane reached over and took my hand in his and asked me, "Since you are my biological mother then can I call you mother?"

I said, "Since I can see the resemblance in your father in you then I believe you are truly my son and I would be honored for you to call me mama which is also what we call our mothers here on earth."

Jono and Kane looked at each other and smiled. They laid down on the bed and went to sleep. I had the weekend off so I did not need to wake up the next day to get my uniform cleaned and ready so I went to sleep in my clothes with both of them on either side of me. 

When I woke up the next day they were snuggled up next to me and when I tried to wake them so I could go to the bathroom to pee they did not stir. So I wiggled my way down the bed till I could raise up and stand up and go to the bathroom.

When I returned Jono was awake but still laying there watching me. I motioned him to come with me and let Kane sleep. And we walked to the living room. I motioned him to sit on the sofa and I sat down.

I said, "Jono, you never answered my question from last night before you both went to sleep and I would love an explanation?"

Jono said, "We have been exiled from our planet but before they made us leave they told us to come here and find you since you were our problem. None of the others that bred that time 18 years ago had my problem and I think it is your DNA that connected with me during intercourse that brought us together. That is why we reacted to each other the way we did."

I said, "But you said that if any of you reacted the way you did with me then it was alright to have sexual intercourse with the female and nothing that you are saying makes sense."

Jono said, "Lisa, our DNA is the same and we connected through our blood cells that made my mate reactor in my penis activate and that is why you felt the prick on your cervix. Do you remember the prick cause I remember you gasping when it happened? I was still young and did not know what had happened until my people exiled me and told me why my eyes changed permanently to silver and why I never had sex again in the 18 years I have been away."

I said, "OH MY GOD! You have not had sex in 18 years?"

Jono said, "No I haven't and I know you have and that is alright cause I had planted a dream in your brain about meeting me so you did not know I was bound to you for life. As well as our son is too."

I said, "Our son is bound to me too? How can that happen?"

Jono said, "Our people have sex with their parents and siblings to bring more population to us since I had told you that our women was beginning to be sterile. Remember?"

I said, "Yes I do remember."

I got to thinking about what Jono said about him not having sex for 18 years and my pussy contracted and he looked at me and sniffed the air. 

Jono said, "Lisa, if you do not control yourself then I will not be able to control myself either and remember it has been 18 years and I can smell your arousal. Mine and Kane's nostrils are sensitive and can smell a woman's arousal from across the house when we are in close proximity with a female."

I said, "Jono, you have not had sex in a long time and I am reacting to that. I did not think about Kane. I will try to control myself but being near you is hard cause I am remembering how we had sex the first and last time and I want it again."

Jono said, "Hang on and let me get a spray from our ship."

I said, "Wait! Your ship? Where is your ship?"

Jono said, "In the basement and don't worry. No one will ever know."

Jono left and when he returned he went to the bedroom and came back. He laid a aerosol can down on the table.

Jono said, "Ok Lisa, I sprayed Kane with the aerosol so he can not spell your arousal but it will not make him stay asleep so if he wakes up and finds us having sex then he will want to join. It is in our DNA of our people."

Jono took me into his arms and started kissing me until I was so breathless and aroused that I wanted his clothes and mine also off of our bodies so I could feel skin to skin. He started unbuttoning my top and slide the sleeves off my shoulders. While he did this, he was kissing every exposed skin he uncovered. My pussy contracted and spasmed so hard that his eyes looked like the silver of his eyes had turned molten. I felt like I was drowning in molten silver looking in his eyes and the more I looked the more my pussy spasmed.

I wanted to feel his lips on my nipples and when he unhooked my bra and took it off then I got my wish. He leaned down and took my nipple in his mouth and the electricity I felt when he started sucking was so exquisite that I screamed from the contact. Jono covered my mouth to keep me from waking up Kane but it was too late cause Kane was already standing in the room behind us. I looked up and seen him staring down at us and his eyes were turning silver. 

I said, "Jono, Kane is in here looking down at us. We need to stop."

Kane said, "Mama, please don't stop father cause that is all he talked about the whole time we have been gone. I will not disturb this time with you both but I want to watch if that is ok with you?"

I said, "OH MY GOD! You want to watch your parents having sex?"

Jono said, "Lisa, it is alright. He will not disturb us unless you or I let him. It is the way of our people."

I said, "Alright but Kane, please sit over there in that chair and don't get up at all."

Kane said, "I won't mama. I will behave and do what I am told."

Jono took my tit back into his mouth and I gasped and looked over at Kane to see if he was going to stay and saw that he was rubbing his crotch area. I closed my eyes to take that picture out of my head and concentrated on what Jono was doing to me. When Jono raised up and took my pants and bikini panties off, I opened my eyes. Then he looked at me with an emotion that I have never seen before. It looked like lust but also love for a woman. 

He leaned over and lifted my legs to my chest and when I felt him lick my ass to my clit I screamed his name but this time he did not cover my mouth since his mouth was on my pussy. I felt the spasm in my pussy go straight to my tits and I looked down at my tits and saw that my nipples were so hard that it looked like hard erasers. They started to hurt but when I reached over with my hand and touched them, the sensation was so exquisite that I moaned. 

Jono was licking the inside of my pussy as I was doing this with my nipples with both hands and for some reason I looked over at Kane again. He had his huge cock which was the size of his fathers out of his pants and was stroking it. I was memorized by the sight and could not look away. Jono was now sucking on my clit so hard that I was thrashing all over and he had to hold me down. I was looking at him and Kane which made my pussy contract even more. 

I said, "Oh God Jono, please don't stop and make Kane put his cock back in his pants cause if you don't then I am going to call him over here to join us and I don't think I will have the strength to resist either one of you>"

Jono looked at me and licked my clit again and then over at Kane and with the one hand on the side of me that was in sight of Kanes eyes, Jono motioned him over. When Kane stood up, then Jono sucked on my clit hard and I closed my eyes and then I felt a huge cock go into my mouth and I opened my eyes and seen it was my son's Kanes' cock. His cock was dripping the same pre-cum that his fathers did that night 18 years ago which made me want his cock in my mouth.

So I started sucking Kanes cock and the look of love in Kanes eyes was something that I thought I would never see from a son. He was not only my son now but also my lover and his father was in the room sucking my clit in such a way that it had my pussy gushing so much that it soaked the sofa I was laying on. I could feel the wet spot under me. But Jono did not seem to mind that. 

Kane was enjoying himself as he throat fucked my mouth and I could feel him expanding in my throat and thought WOW he is going to cum quick but he surprised me and took his cock out of my mouth. Jono stood up and told me to stand up and let him lay down. I stood up and Jono laid down and he told me to straddle him. When I was on top of him then he inserted him huge cock into my pussy and I moaned so loud cause I felt that prick again I felt 18 years ago. 

He grinned at me and looked over me at Kane and nodded his head and I felt Kanes tongue licking my asshole. I have never felt anything like that before and it was so good that I could not have stopped him even if I wanted to. My pussy clinched and I orgasmed. Jono started pumping into my pussy as Kane was licking my ass and every once in awhile I could feel him spit and make me wetter. All of a sudden he inserts 2 fingers in my asshole and I bucked against his hand. 

Kane knew then I was ready for him to insert his cock into my ass and he gradually went in to make sure he was not hurting me. I finally got use to him being in my ass. Jono noticed I had relaxed so much that he started pumping his cock into my pussy every time Kane would pull out of my ass so it looked like I was fucking them one right after the other.

I felt my pussy contract again and I started humping back at both of them to get me to cum again and when I did I gushed. It looked like Niagara Falls had came into the room and flooded both of them. I screamed and bucked so much that they both had to hold onto me to keep me from falling off the sofa. 

Kane looked at his father with such love and Jono nodded to him. Kane started pumping into my ass so hard and fast which made his cock go deep as it could go and he erupted with his young seed and the intense feeling he had n his face when he came was something I had seen on his fathers face when he was conceived. 

Kane slipped his cock from my ass and came over to my face and I took his cock into my mouth and cleaned him up. Jono looked at his son with so much compassion that he patted him on his arm. 

Jono said, "Kane, you just made me the proudest father ever when you mated with your mother. Now go and let me finish mating with her myself and we will all talk afterwards."

Kane left and Jono started pumping his cock into my pussy and since I was so wet that it kept slipping out so he turned me around and had me get on my hands and knees and he inserted his cock into my pussy. He was looking at my pussy and my ass at the same time and was wondering what Kane had felt when he fucked my ass so he decided to insert his cock into my ass. I gasped when it went all the way in without any problem and he fucked my ass then he fucked my pussy again. 

He kept fucking my pussy and ass alternately and when he felt my pussy squeeze and contract he let loose with a scream of ecstasy that he exploded and came in my pussy and it was so much that I exploded again and again which made my multiple orgasm feel like one long one. We both screamed at the same time which we screamed each others names. 

We finally got our breaths under control and got dressed and went looking for Kane.