 Before being put into confinement, Margo had stopped off at the kitchen to grab a box of crackers, and a large sealable drink container full of coffee spiked with a generous amount of rum. The black cat was watching her very closely, so that when Margo reached the second level walkway, the feline set her hand on Margo's shoulder and directed her into an empty bunk.

"This isn't my room." Margo complained, as she took in the drab setting of metallic silver surfaces with a bed and table that folded out from the walls. "I'd be happier if I was in my room, but of course Thor is in there right now and I can't get close to any men thanks to what you pussies are up to. This room sucks!"

Margo set her box and plastic container on the small table, before she pulled a padded slab out of the wall. This slab would serve as her chair. She noticed that the feline was staring at the wall and chair as if she'd just seen something impossible.

"What, you've never seen a chair before?" Margo sniped at first. "Oh, that's right. The only chairs you've ever seen are in the kitchen and the couches we have on the lounge. You've never seen these fucking Ikea furnishings that come right out of the walls. Come here. I'll show you how they work. Come on, I'm not going to bite you."

Margo showed the black cat where the buttons were to release the slab. When the feline didn't seem to understand, she had to take the cat's furry hand and push the button with it. After that, she showed the cat how to pull the slab out.

"Go ahead and sit down right there." Margo instructed, before she took the second seat. "It's like magic, right?" She glanced at the box of crackers and frowned. "I should have brought a bowl with me so we could share."

Margo proceeded to take the cracker package out of the box. She ripped it open so that both of them could reach in and grab the contents. "Go ahead and get some. They're called vanilla wafers. I'm sure you've never tasted anything like this before. Go on. They're good." She frowned again, when she saw the single container of coffee. "I guess we'll have to share this, too. You know what I hate the most? That would be old coffee. I just don't like drinking coffee that's been sitting around half a day. That's why I poured the entire pot in here. I'll tell you something else. I put enough rum in this bitch that it is guaranteed to fuck us both up. You've never been fucked up before, have you? Or maybe you have, but not by coffee and rum. You don't understand a word I'm saying, do you?"

After Margo started munching down a cracker, the cat was tempted enough to get one of her own. The feline bit a small piece off, chewed it slowly, and finally swallowed. She bit off a larger piece the second time. Once that was gone, she started speaking and apparently telling Margo what she thought of it.

"No clue what you're saying." Margo shook her head. She started motioning toward the drink container. "Look here, bitch. You push this and it opens up the spout. You tilt the fucking thing up like this, and the coffee comes out. Don't fucking shower yourself with it because then the coffee will be gone and I'll really be pissed off. Don't stick your tongue into the spout either or I'll bash you on the head with the container. Here, you watch me take the first drink."

The cat stood up and leaned over the table, trying to see the fluid going into Margo's mouth.

"Okay, you try." Margo said, after her drink. "No, no, you're pushing the button too much. What, you want to flood the entire bunk with coffee? No, you don't want to do that. Let me push the button to make it easier for you. It's not hot, by the way. It's just warm. This is easy. All you have to do is open your mouth. Ready?"

Margo gave the cat only a trickle to start her off. She watched the feline savor the drink, and start smacking her lips and licking around with her tongue. With her feline eyes opened up wider, she began talking to Margo.

"I guess that means you like it. Here, I'll let you have some more."

Some ten minutes later, they were both talking to each other, with neither of them really understanding what they were saying, while eating and drinking. At twenty minutes past, the crackers were gone and the coffee running out.

"Last drink for me and last drink for you." Margo said, taking a couple of gulps before she passed the container over.

The black cat drank the rest, smacking her mouth and licking her lips as she'd done every time before.

"The goofs earlier said your metabolism is similar to ours." Margo mentioned. "But I'm keeping an eye on you just in case. I'm sure you have something like caffeine and sugar on your planet, but what the hell do I know?"

The liquor had loosened them both up a little, and the coffee had given them a good burst of energy. They were chatty and casual despite that they were captor and captive.

"Hey, you want to do something with me?" Margo asked, as she stood up and pulled the cat to her feet. "Just stand right there. I want to take a good look at you."

The cat's eyes were large and watching her, as Margo went around and studied her furry form. She was curvy, Margo gave her that much, in the Latino way where their women had apple-size breasts and big, swollen butts.

"Do you have lesbians in your culture?" Margo asked. "Inquiring people want to know. We are very curious about you."

Of course, the feline didn't understand her.

"Let's do this, since you're already naked." The woman decided, before pulling her shirt over her head. Margo tossed it on the floor, before she pulled her thong off and threw that aside as well. "There. Now we're both naked. I have a curvier body than you do. My tits are like five times bigger than yours."

Margo said this haughtily. The cat-woman seemed to catch some of her coyness, as she scrutinized the human's hairless body. Emboldened by the rum, Margo turned around and shook her fat ass.

"What do you think about that, pussy?" She asked. "You do it."

When the feline didn't understand, Margo turned her around and tried to wiggle her into obeying. The second time Margo shook her ass, the cat responded by moving her body from side to side.

"So, the booty shake is not a known maneuver on your world." Margo kidded. "Who would have known?"

Margo shook her ass a third time. It was enough that the black cat reached out to cup her butt while the woman was shaking it. Maybe it was the ripples of ass that had enticed her. When Margo stopped and turned around, the cat reached out for her breast. The feline looked into Margo's eyes as if confused or questioning.

"I don't mind if you touch." Margo said. "Do it some more."

The feline said something to her. She patted her furry breast, before she reached out to grope Margo's. She patted her behind next, before she gave Margo's larger ass a good squeeze. That was enough foreplay for the big woman. In a lunge, she toppled the feline onto the bed and began wrestling with her. The cat-woman was strong, but so was Margo, and so they tumbled around and pushed each other down and exerted their arms and legs to pin their opponent down.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Margo said, when she felt the sharp claws clamping onto her shoulder. This caused the hefty woman to sit up on the bed and the cat-woman to jump off. "That's not fair! I don't have meat hooks like you do!"

Margo went over to the cat, holding her hand up and bringing the feline's hand up to compare the two. The cat hand was smaller than hers, but those claws were a good three inches long.

"You can't use these, okay?" Margo said. "Put them away!"

Margo shoved at the cat. Mentally, she was hoping the coffee and rum had taken a toll on her captor, causing excitability, adrenalin rush and loosened inhibition. Being an alpha female, the feline came to push her back. When her arms reached out, Margo grabbed her and threw them both on the bed again. They started shoving each other around as before. At one point, Margo nearly got the feline onto her stomach, when out of the blue the cat's tail came to wrap around her wrist and hold her arm tight.

"Whoa, how'd you do that?" Margo asked, stopping the competition and sitting up again. "Hey, let go now."

The cat tail loosened its hold on her arm, as Margo held out her other arm.

"Do it over here." She pointed.

As Margo watched, the cat's tail went around her forearm three times. Margo pulled her arm back, feeling the strength on the appendage. She could break the hold, certainly, but having that extra part gave the feline an advantage that humans didn't have.

"Here, do my leg now." Margo shifted around.

The feline did wrap her leg around Margo's ankle, but her interest seemed to be taken up by something else. She started talking in mewls and hisses.

"I have no idea what you're saying." Margo shook her head.

The cat patted the spot between its legs, before it reached out rub Margo's pussy.

"Are you asking why I don't have any hair down there?" Margo wondered. "That's because I shave it all off. You can keep touching it. I don't mind."

The fascination only lasted a few second, however. Hoping to push things forward, Margo got on all fours and moved around so the feline could get a look at her entire ass and thighs. At first, nothing happened. Then the feline started talking again and set her hand on Margo's butt. She must have been commenting on how it had no hair, or maybe on how big and flabby it was, but Margo didn't care one way or the other as long as she was being touched. The cat started rubbing Margo's pussy, but only for a moment.

Margo moved around, now prodding the cat-woman to get into the same position. The feline did it, as maybe she thought they were merely exploring each other's bodies for the purposes of knowledge, or something like that. Margo took advantage of the naiveté, as she caressed the feline's thighs first, before she ran her hand across the broad expanse of furry ass. She even stroked the cat's tail a few times, while staring at the woman parts found below it. Boldly, Margo set her hand on the feline's pussy and started rubbing it. The cat made a quick mewl. Margo kept rubbing, but she got carried away and tried to stick her finger in there. This caused the feline to crawl away from her.

"You must think I'm trying to dominate you." Margo figured. She started speaking in a soft tone. "See, on my world, when we don't have any men around, us girls take care of ourselves. Sometimes, we don't even need men at all."

She lay down on the bed and spread her legs.

The cat saw her submissive position and drew closer. She mewled at the woman.

"No claws, hooker." Margo warned. "Especially not down there."

To show the feline what she wanted, Margo started rubbing her pussy. The cat peered in at what Margo was doing before she spoke again, but still, Margo had no idea what was being said. When Margo moved her hand away, the cat was seen sniffing at the air, as if she'd caught the scent from Margo's pussy. She reached out to touch the willing woman, rubbing on Margo as the human had shown her. Margo thought the feline would stop, but she didn't.

"You do know what you're doing, don't you?" Margo said, already squirming from the erotic attention. Her moans started up only seconds later, as the feline stroked her with more vigor.

The human started bucking her hips up toward the fuzzy hand, causing the feline to hiccup in her form of laughter. Margo's cries filled up the small room, as her climax hit and she was driven into ecstasy. This didn't halt the feline, who kept on going with the same energy, driving more and more hot panting from the woman.

"I knew it, I knew it!" Margo said, when she'd had enough of it and had to keep the feline hand from continuing. "You girls play with other girls when you don't have any men around. I'm telling Cruz to stick that idea that ancient cultures never had lesbians right up his ass."

The cat-woman prodded for Margo to move out of the way. Once she did, the feline went back to all fours. Well, almost, as the cat leaned forward to rest her head on her arms. This left her furry ass and tail raised up in the air. She was saying something, but Margo neither understood nor cared what it was. All the woman knew was that she was compelled to return the favor just done to her.

Margo felt the cat-woman's rump out of courtesy, before she moved on to rub the furry vagina between her cat legs. She was just as vigorous too. Every so often, Margo had the mischief to stick a finger into the feline's pussy. The reactions the woman heard spurred her to continue, until she acclimated her new lover enough to give her the two-finger thrust. The cat-woman mewled and gasped at the intrusion, but did nothing to hold Margo back.

Over in the most crowded room on the ship, relatively speaking, Mary was mentally keeping tabs on everybody. Things were certainly getting complicated with the crew, not to mention sticky, but the blonde soon shifted her mind's attention to the bunk she was in. To either side of her Mary had a cat-girl, while in the furthest corner of the room Willow sulked. The kitties Mary could handle on her own, but she didn't like what Willow was thinking one bit.

"You really have to relax, Willow." Mary said, deliberately edging her tone with the idea of soft breezes and swaying grass. She was hoping to subtly influence the brunette into not making a rash decision.

"I don't want to talk to you, and I don't want you in my head anymore!" Willow snapped at her.

Mary sighed. That's the way it had gone ever since the brown cat had taken her into that bunk. There was only so much that Mary could do if people got stubborn with her and closed themselves off. She'd been trying to reach Willow for near half an hour by then.

I can't even have my own feelings anymore!

Willow had screamed that thought at Mary earlier. Maybe it was the Happy Kiss and Happy Tongue that had tipped the balance. Maybe it was the perils of Zeus that had done it. The true reasons didn't much matter now, as Willow had made a decision and didn't look to want to change it.

Finally, Mary gave up. She turned to leave the bunk, with the brown cat-girl moving to escort her out. On a lark, she reached over to caress the gray's arm, while implanting the notion that it would be better if Willow were left alone. The cats not only trusted Mary, but they seemed to like her as well. With one before and one aft, Mary was walked out. Instead of one of them, it was Mary who reached out to shut the hatch.

"If you need me, just call out with your mind." She told the brooding Willow. When only a wave of bitterness rippled into her head, she shut the hatch.

The ship's second floor walkway was designed in an L shape, with the bunks and lavatory all lined up in a row. There was a rail on the inside edge, so anyone could look down into the kitchen and dining section. Mary went to lean over the rail, not wanting to think about Willow anymore. The two cats stood to her side and back, but they weren't really guarding her anymore.

"Hey, you guys want to see what your girlfriends are up to?" Mary asked, out of habit as she was broadcasting her thoughts at the same time.

The kitties both spoke at once. The blonde was still unable to understand their language, but she was catching the inflections of voice and the mannerisms of their bodies along with their mental replies. The felines were incredibly fascinated and excited with Mary's ability to read minds.

"Well, there is a lot of humping going on." Mary told them, in succession flashing images of the various romps taking place all over the ship. Along with the mental pictures, the telepath sent the emotions of the romps into their heads, which stirred the kitties up.

"Woo-hoo, will you look at Margo!" At the same time, Mary giggled and the kitties hiccupped. "See, we're not so different. Do you understand that if it's men you girls are after, there are plenty of men on the ship we're taking you to?"

The brown said something and made a circular motion with her arm. It was the cat-girl way of asking how many, with larger circles meaning a higher number.

Mary snickered, making one big circle after another. "Lots and lots, girls! I'm talking two or three hundred if we go to the Neptune, where we'll have to go to pick up the rest of the crew. But that's mostly a ship for gathering resources. If we go to one of the science ships, you're looking at a lot less." She made a smaller circle. "We're a science ship too, just so you know. Most of our science ships have, I'm guessing here, maybe between thirty and fifty male eggheads on them."

Both cats wondered how so many people could fit in such tiny ships, as the only ship they'd ever seen was the Space Relations. Mary grinned; it was probably a good idea not to overwhelm the kitties with an image of how their vessel was only a speck of metal next to a monolith like the Neptune. It certainly overwhelmed her to compare the two. To keep things simple, she made one large circle to represent the people, and another large circle for the ship they worked on.

"Big people, big ship." The blonde said, keeping to the cats' loose idiom.

The captain's voice came over the ship's speakers, warning everyone that they were about to enter zero G. Right after, and as a secondary caution, the programmed soft tones were heard. The cat-girls knew what this meant, as they both went to grip the rails just as Mary was. For a moment, the sensation of falling was felt, complete with that odd shift of the stomach like what humans felt in high-rise elevators. At the end of that transition, any motion whatsoever would cause them to start floating.

"Watch this, girls!" Mary said, as she climbed up on the rail. She was crouched on it, starting to teeter over until she pushed off with her legs. Then she was drifting down into the kitchen on the lower level. She tried to grab a chair, only to have that float along with her, so she let it go and didn't halt until she reached a wall. When she righted her body, Mary held her arms out. "Come on! Who's next?"

While Mary did try to catch them, both cat-women ended up tumbling into different directions and bounding into the walls.

"Now you know why we only do this in the hallway." Mary kidded. "Follow me!"

In the hall, they found Cruz and the orange cat-girl already there.

"Join the party!" Cruz said, as he held his arms out to stop himself against the wall. In a moment, he'd turned his form around and was going off again, barely missing the orange kitty that was coming at him.

The three felines conferred with hiccups and animated motions, as if reveling in the feeling of zero gravity. The gray reached out playfully for Mary, setting her arms around the blonde's waist and kicking them both off the wall. As Mary floated with the cat-woman, she saw how everyone's mood was buoyant and joyful. When they reached the far end of the hall, they waited for the other two felines to come after them.

Cruz reached for the intercom. "Let's get the whole crew in here, baby!"

"Wait!" Mary stopped him. "Let me do it. Somebody's on a time out right now."

"Who? Is it Willow again?"

Mary could have ruined the mood if she admitted the truth. That's the last thing she wanted to do, so she made up a fib. "She just needs some time to think. Let me call the others with my mind, okay?"

"That woman's attitude certainly has changed." Cruz shook his head. "If you think we can cheer her up somehow, just let me know. I'd hate to have her in a sour mood in a ship this size. It would rub off on all of us, baby."

Cruz could read Mary better than anyone else. Before he could catch the look on her face, the blonde started prodding the cat-girls to find out who wanted to glide across the hall next. She put her arms around the excited brown feline and pushed off to start her journey away from her Hispanic lover, before Cruz figured out what was really going on.
