 "So, guys, guys, I have to tell you this." The talkative, little blonde Mario was saying, as the entire crew sat around the dining table. "I was walking around the ship, right. And then I saw down on this giant wad of used bubble gum that had hair all over it. It took me about ten minutes to figure out those were my new balls!"

Half of the people at the table laughed, while the other half made disgusted faces. Captain Washington, who was about to put a fork full of omelet into his trap decided to set the utensil back down on his plate. He glanced down at his food, which was indeed tasty. It consisted of an omelet with four eggs, two kinds of cheese, peppers, onions, cilantro and some other stuff he couldn't even name. Another twisted crack like that by anybody else was bound to make him lose his appetite.

"Excuse me, but some of us are trying to eat here." Cammie said, mirroring the sentiments of her superior officer.

Mario reached up to pull his long blonde hair back and fluff it around with a shake of his head. That same motion on Mary was very appealing, but on Mario it was, well, awkward.

"You guys can all suck it!" Mario said, giggling in what was also a very odd way.

Sitting next to him, the extremely curvy and female version of Officer Cruz was uncharacteristically closed-mouthed. Cruz sat there picking at her food and covering her extra large fun bags every time Mark walked by behind her. Stimulated by the new woman's shyness, Mark would occasionally come around and pinch at Cruz's tits, as he was attempting to do now.

"Stop that, you dirty lesbian!" Cruz snapped, slapping away at Mark's offensive and reaching fingers.

"You can't call me that anymore." Mark stuck his tongue out and teased him. "You're the lesbian now!"

"I'm not a lesbian, I am now and will forever more be a straight man!" Cruz retorted.

"Think about what you're saying, you dork." Mark reminded her. "If you were a straight man, you'd be into chicks. Since you're a chick, if you were straight that means you're into guys now. I just happen to be a guy, know what I mean?"

Cruz stared back at the big man, before he lowered his head. "I'm so confused about my sexual identity right now!"

"Do you still think you're straight?" Mark kept ribbing her.

"I don't know anymore!"

Mark set his hands on his hips. "Do you remember all those times you gave me shit about being a lesbian? Do you remember all those times you said you'd hump the lesbo out of me? Well, payback is a bitch, buddy! Bend over, baby, because this train is coming through!"

Aggressively, the much bigger Mark reached over and grabbed Cruz around the waist. Since the big man had such a weight advantage, it was easy enough to pull the new, smaller woman to her feet and to carry her toward the ladder. In female form, Cruz was not strong enough to do anything except for slapping away at Mark's arms.

"Captain, you must put a stop to this!" Cruz pleaded. "It is an abomination!"

"Mark, put Cruz down." Washington said. "That's an order."

"No, I won't." Mark refused. "You let Cruz talk his little shit about me being a lesbian. You've seen him try to hump it out of me. I say what goes around comes around."

"Put her down!" The captain stood up.

"Make me, Cappy."

"I'll handle this, Captain." Freya stood up and walked over to face off with Mark.

Slowly and deliberately, the strong blonde pried the cook's hands away and released the captured Hispanic woman. Afterward, the two giants bumped chests against each other, much as they had in the past.

"I can take you." Mark threatened.

"Is that right?" Freya asked, shoving forward with her large tits.

"I've taken you before. I've had you on your back, bitch."

Freya considered this. In their original sexes, they'd wrestled Grecian style a few times. Usually she won because she'd been a very muscular man back then. They hadn't wrestled at all since they'd changed bodies. "Let me put in my plate in the oven. I can finish it later."

"Okay." Mark grinned. "Your place or mine?"

"Oh, I'll be coming to you." Freya menaced. "With my hands of steel!"

The moment the big blonde turned around, Mark reached out and slapped her hard on the ass. After that, Mark scurried up the ladder and out of sight.

"Captain, crew, if you'll excuse me." Freya said, obviously embarrassed at being manhandled like that. "I have an errand to take care of."

A minute later, she was gone as well.

With his elbow, Mario started prodding Cruz in the ribs. "We should go and watch."

"Why would I want to watch an abomination?" Cruz frowned.

"Because it might loosen you up for what I'll be doing to you later."

"Don't speak to me like that, baby." Cruz lamented. "I refuse to be a lesbian, but now I can't be a straight man either. I don't know what I want out of life anymore."

"Oh, stop being such a fuddy-duddy." Mario started pulling at her arm. "We'll go watch, you'll get horny, and then I can bone you. I know how you think, buster!"

"You're a man, baby!"

"But you're not. Come on!"

"No, baby. I'm not doing it. What I need is therapy."

"You're in luck." Mario kidded. "I just happen to have almost six inches of therapy right here. I measured it earlier. Too bad I'm not bigger, but I am kind of a short guy."

"Stop it, Mary! I mean, stop it, Mario! Captain, tell her I said no."

"Mario, leave Cruz alone." Washington said.

"Oh, fine." Mario relented. He started toward the ladder. "I'll go watch by myself. I may even jump in while they're going at it. See you guys later."

Cruz sighed, as her usual love partner left the room.

"Do you really think the same thing will happen to me?" Washington asked.

"I'm sure it will." Cruz replied. "If you discount Willow, the rest of us went into Saturn's sheath and spent time on the surface of planetoid Zeus. Somewhere down that rabbit hole, we picked up what is at least a semi-intelligent, non-visible, electromagnetic entity. It has had enough time to study our genetic pattern in a way that it can duplicate that pattern into the opposite sex without causing any negative repercussions. I know we threw out the idea that this could be a virus at first, but I'm inclined to revisit that hypothesis in light of recent events."

"Why would it attack us one at a time, instead of all at once?" Washington asked.

"Think about that." Cruz rationalized. "Who are the two biggest people on this ship but Freya and Mark? Our invisible entity can hit us up only a few at a time, and it hit the strongest physical specimens first. Perhaps that somehow made the entity weaker for a time. Now that it has regained its strength, it went after another pair of humans."

"But there is no other pair left, of our original five that went into Saturn, that are still present on this ship." The captain reasoned. "That means I should be safe, right?"

"Not necessarily." Cruz refuted. "If anyone is safe, it would be Barbie and Cammie because they weren't on the ship at the time. The viral entity hasn't had the time to fully study them as it has the rest of us. If it gets to that point, then maybe they will suffer a similar fate. I doubt this, however. I think that maybe the original mechanism that started all of this was left back on Saturn. What we are going through now could be only the lingering after-effects."

"But you're not positive?" Washington asked.

"Of course not." Cruz shrugged. "I'd have to know what sort of entity we're dealing with first. Get me some better analysis of our unknown entity and then maybe Mario and I can figure something out. In the meantime, all we have is a guessing game. Keep your fingers crossed that we can make this happen, for the sake of us all."

"You aren't in any pain, are you?" Cammie wondered. "You've been making that same hurt face ever since you changed."

"It's my ego, baby." Cruz explained. "I've noticed that myself. You saw how Thor felt when he turned into Freya. I'm going through the same thing now. I have a feeling that the Captain will go through the same sort of frustration when it happens to him."

"If it happens to me." Washington spoke up.

"Do you see how defensive he is about it?" Cruz pointed out. "He's afraid of having his masculinity taken away from him, but he's afraid ahead of time. When Margo turned into Mark, there was something similar going on with her, him, but it was very minimal because Margo has always been manly in her persona. Margo eased into being Mark because she already behaved masculine before the change. Look at Mary. She wanted it to happen, so to her this is no big deal."

"I just can't believe that Thor seduced my husband." Barbie admitted.

"But he didn't." Cruz shook his head. "It wasn't Thor that did that at all. It was Freya. This idea that Mary had, that we should invent a new character the moment we change sexes, it is a very valid idea. Thor went from Alpha Male to Alpha Female. As an Alpha Male, Thor gladly took his place by the Captain's side as a manly combat tech. As an Alpha Female, she immediately sought out the attention of the most powerful man on this ship and seduced him."

"Well, I think my husband enjoyed being seduced a little too much!" Barbie growled.

"You'd have to ask him about that." Cruz replied. "Also, you have to adjust your mind into understanding that sooner or later, the Captain will become a woman. Will you be able to cope when that happens?"

Barbie crossed her arms and gazed at her husband.

"Stop doing that." Washington said. He went back to eating his omelet.

"I'm imagining you with breasts." Barbie said.

"Don't!"

"Cruz has the biggest tits on the ship, now that Margo is a swinging Joe."

"Thank you so much for reminding me." Cruz grumbled.

"The sex ratio is uneven now." Cammie mentioned. "We have four females and three males. If we get one more girl on our side, it will really become lopsided."

"We'll have all girls on the bridge." Barbie said, almost gloating.

"You sound like you can't wait for that to happen." Washington noticed.

"Maybe if my husband didn't have a dick, he wouldn't be putting that dick into other women on his crew!" Barbie reprimanded him.

"That is your ego talking, baby." Cruz said. "I don't blame you. If I were competing for the Captain's attention with Freya as my rival, I would be jealous about that myself. Regardless of whether I am a man or a woman, I give Freya a booty rating of upwards of nine thousand. That's a very high booty rating, by the way."

"I'm not jealous of Freya!" Barbie snapped.

"Of course you are, dear." Cruz insisted. "The Captain could hump Cammie right here on top of my omelet, and you would still be more worried about Freya than about Cammie."

"It is obvious, Barbie." Cammie agreed. "I understand it means that you love him."

"Okay, fine! I'm jealous! I think Freya is trying to take my husband away from me!"

"She really is, baby." Cruz conceded. "That is how Alpha dominance works."

Barbie threw her hands up. "What am I supposed to do about it then?"

"We just went through this with the cat-women." Washington answered. "The cat-women were trying to replace the human women on this ship. The conclusion was that we should let the cat-women hump themselves out on us guys, to keep the peace."

"Yeah, that worked out really well for you guys, didn't it?" Barbie replied in irritation. "I bet you were all really happy about that!"

"Captain, I suggest that you take your wife to the boneyard." Cruz told his superior. "I think you should take her to the boneyard as many times as you can before you switch over into a woman. If you don't, you'll constantly be at each other's throats. Barbie will also be at Freya's throat until Barbie releases her considerable hostility. The last thing we want is a bunch of angry women running this ship. Talk about hell in space."

Barbie glared at Cruz. When Cammie chuckled, Barbie glared at her, too.

"Do you see what I mean, Captain?" Cruz witnessed all the glaring. "Give it to her sideways. Maybe that will calm Barbie down."

Washington finished up the last of his meal, and took a final drink of his beverage. Next, he stood up and held his hand out toward his wife. "Since we're parked in space anyway, would you care to join me in the lounge for a dance?"

"No, I would not." Barbie grumbled at him.

"If you don't, I'll go and ask Freya." Washington kidded.

"In that case, let's go dance." She got up and took hold of the man's wrist, leading him out of the kitchen.

Cruz and Cammie were left sitting at the table. The latter was no longer picking at her food but finally enjoying it. Cammie watched her eat.

"Take a picture." Cruz said, when she noticed. "It will last longer."

"It's just that..." Cammie started. "I think you're cute."

Cruz looked over at her. "Do you really, baby? I feel like a freak. I've wanted to hug Mary, but she has a pecker now. I can't quite grasp that part of her yet."

Cammie started laughing.

It took a moment for Cruz to fathom what she had just said. "Oh, I get it. Grasp that part of her. Really, Cammie? I thought you were above crude innuendo. Are we in high school again, baby?"

"But you are cute."

"If you say so. I can't get over how I have knockers now, let alone judge my beauty. These are not small knockers, mind you. You see how tight they make my shirt look. I'm not ready to start wearing Margo's bras, either. Do you really think I'm cute, baby?"

"I think you're absolutely gorgeous."

"No, Freya is gorgeous."

"I like you better."

"That's because you've grown blind in your old age, baby."

Cammie stood up and walked around the table to stand behind Cruz. The older woman started running her hands through the younger woman's short hair. "Maybe you should let this grow longer now."

"Maybe you should mind your own business and tend to your own hair."

"It isn't so bad." Cammie kept touching Cruz's hair.

Cruz kept eating, but paused when Cammie started rubbing her shoulders. She said, "I never thought I'd be afraid of Mary, but I am now. Will you be gentle with me, Cammie?"

"When have I not been gentle with you?"

Cruz took a deep breath. She sat up in her chair, allowing Cammie to touch her neck and shoulders. She closed her eyes, as those older hands coursed down the front of her blouse and found her breasts.

"Oh, my." Cammie said. "That's quite a handful you have there."

"I can't imagine Mary with a cock." Cruz said.

"Well, I can't imagine you without one. How will you ever satisfy me now?"

"How can you even hint that? I do know a thing or two about foreplay!"

"Show me." Cammie dared.

The older woman pulled Cruz's blouse up to expose her chest. She groped at the industrial-size hooters she found there. "My, what big nipples you have."

"Didn't I just tell you how blind you were?" Cruz asked. "Those are areola, not nipples. That is basic human anatomy, baby."

"Maybe I need a lesson in human anatomy."

"Fine, I won't hold out any longer." Cruz got to her feet. She pulled her shirt over her head and boldly showed off her fat puppies. "Fate has decreed that I, a virile man, should spend time in a woman's body. Let it be known that I, Ramiro De La Cruz... I'll have to change my first name, won't I? But anyway, as I was saying, I, a great and honorable descendant of the De La Cruz lineage, will not shy away from my unexpected destiny. Let this moment be marked in the history of my life. Let this be a new standard that future generations of my lineage will have to surpass if they dare to follow in my metro-sexual footsteps. In the name of science, I accept my destiny as a woman!"

"Bravo." Cammie said, standing behind the shorter woman and still groping her sizable breasts. "You did say something about foreplay?"

"Meet me in your bunk it two minutes. I have to grab the cake frosting before I join you!"

Due to the sexual chaos that was taking place on the Space Relations, Captain Washington ordered an extended rest break before they voyaged on. Besides, they had no pressing missions to worry about and weren't in any sort of big urgency to get out to the faraway Gliese 667 system. The players had their little romps with one another, but the ensuing sexual identity crisis among them largely kept them segregated into little groups. Cruz, for example, usually kept to her bunk unless she was called out for something specific.

The recent convert into the strange ways of womanhood lay in her bed, wearing only a pair of Mary's panties, colored in pink, and with the lights on at a minimal setting. She was still thinking things over when her bunkmate came in.

"Why are all the lights down, sweetie?" Mario's honey-coated voice drifted back to her.

Cruz listened to the hatch closing.

"How long have you been lying there?" Mario started peppering her with questions. "You're not feeling down, are you? Can I turn the lights on? I want to see you!"

"One thing at a time, baby." Cruz replied. "My mind is a little cluttered up at the moment."

"Well, it shouldn't be." Mario returned, as the lighting went up by a few notches. Cruz recognized the setting as their romantic ambiance glow. In his jubilant way, Mario pranced over and daintily set his small butt on the edge of Cruz's bunk. "There! Isn't that better? Now tell me what's wrong, sweetie-poo?"

"Ah, my darling, you sound so much like the old Mary." Cruz commented.

"I am the old Mary!" Mario exclaimed. "I just lost my boobs and gained a new pecker. Are you doing what I said? Are you making a new character for you to play so you can redefine your outlook on things?"

"I'm trying, baby. I really am. I feel like that Greek god Atlas, who had to hoist the entire Earth on his shoulders. He didn't even get paid for doing that!"

"Well, I'm here to make things better, like I always do."

Cruz saw Mario turn toward him. There was still a lot in that little blonde man's face that reminded Cruz of her favorite lover, but there were facets her rational mind couldn't reconcile. When Mario set his hands on Cruz's thigh, Cruz let it go. When he started rubbing her thigh, Cruz reached out to stop him.

"I'm not saying no to you, baby." Cruz explained. "I'm saying... Well, I don't rightly know what I am saying, actually. I still care about you, despite that you are now a Mario instead of a Mary. I'm really having trouble with this!"

"Tell me how it went with you and Cammie."

"I had my first orgasm as a woman, thanks to her." Cruz laughed. "I really did need that older woman with a younger woman dynamic. She sort of eased me into it."

"I want the juicy details!"

"Keep your briefs on, baby, I'm getting to that." Cruz smirked. "We were side to side at first, with her touching me while I closed my eyes and took it all in. Cammie kissed me all over until she got between my legs. At that point I had to do something, baby. We ended up munching each other's carpets. In a clinical perspective, our orgasms were nearly in sync, provoked by both cunnilingus and manual masturbation. Tell me about what you did. Did Freya and Mark have a galactic showdown, and what side did you take in the epic fray?"

"Oh, let me tell you!" Mario said, excitedly. "They were wrestling all over the place. I just took my clothes off and waited for somebody to get exhausted. You know how small I am. They would have squished me if I got between them! You won't believe it, sweetie. Freya overpowered Mark and rode that pony all the way to Chattanooga!"

"Really, baby? That Mark looks like a powerful beast. I have a new secret fear that he might come into my room and ravage me."

"I have a confession to make." Mario said, before clamming up.

"What is it, baby?"

"So, after Freya and Mark were done, I stayed in Mark's bunk." Mario admitted. "Let's just say that he's still bisexual."
