 The party was still going strong in Section F. Thor was no longer manning the DJ equipment, as a small pack of his most ardent followers had dragged him away and were now having their wicked way with him beside the stage. A sort of sexual mania transpired then, as subsequent acts quickly took the stage to keep the music going. Event Coordinator Mulligan had gone on next, crooning Elvis Presley favorites for about fifteen minutes before a gaggle of his fans jumped on him. After that, someone had the idea of starting up a karaoke session. People from the Neptune would start singing, get two or three songs out, and then they were also accosted and humped by their sycophants. So far, a good ten people had been sexually accosted in this manner, until a fatty got on the mike. That person had to sing twice as many songs as anyone else, but in the end got the same treatment as the rest. The next person who went on was a really, really bad singer. He only made it through half a tune before a gang of naked women took him away, both to hump his brains out and to spare the ears of the rest.

Things were just as exciting among the audience. Couples were making out all over the place. Small pockets of seating were the scenes of emerging orgies. Cruz and Mary formed a sexy initiation line, with people lined up on both sides for a good forty feet. They'd taken their clothing off earlier, much earlier mind you, and the goal was for a person to go through the line nude while the people in the two columns groped them all over. Cruz and Mary had gone through the line several times now and were still not tired of it, nor were their many fans. All six cat-women had gone through the line as well, but on the second or third time through, each of them had grown so sexually stimulated that they pounced on whoever pushed them over the edge. The line threatened to break up when Margo went through. The tipsy and very large woman only made it past the first few feet of grabbers before she was overwhelmed. Margo tried to stick to her lesbian religious beliefs by finding a sexual sanctuary among the women, but the men flocked around her with just as much fervor. As the tumult progressed, more and more people left the line to join the growing mob of gropers, fondlers, humpers and would be humpers.

"Well, there goes the neighborhood!" Mary exclaimed, vibrating up and down on her toes. "Let's start jumping off the stage, and we can get felt up when the crowd catches us! Let's do it!"

Cruz wiped his sweaty forehead with a handkerchief. "Give me a second here, darling. The last time I went through the line, I felt a hand stroking my wanker. I hate to say this, but it was a man, baby! You can imagine my distress when the full weight of that hit me like a ton of bricks. I need a respite in order for my heart rate to go down."

Mary was still giggling when Cammie, who was as naked as they were, stepped over and put her arms around both of their shoulders. Grinning slyly, she said, "You'll never guess whom I just humped!"

"No, you didn't!" Mary read her mind. She gave the older woman a high-five. "Woo-hoo!"

"Well, don't keep me in suspense, baby." Cruz urged. "Who was it?"

"Commander Brody." Cammie admitted. "He was trying to skirt around the crowd to get backstage when I ran into him. I asked him to ignore rank for the time being, but he refused. He said it wouldn't be prudent for him or something or other to that effect. He did change his mind when I took off my clothes for him."

"Woo-hoo!" Mary cried out. "Did you really give it to him?"

"I certainly did!" Cammie laughed.

The trio paused when they saw nude Margo running by, chased by four nude men. She had her arm holding her massive udders steady as she went by, but the quivering was still a tantalizing sight to see.

"Don't just stand there, you assholes, help me!" Margo shouted as she went by.

The four men sporting grand erections were nipping at her heels.

Margo's three crewmates started laughing at her distress.

"We'll make a sane woman out of her yet." Cruz said. "Perhaps I should join that small pack of wild horn-dogs to ensure the outcome."

"Oh, you let Margo be." Mary reached out to playfully slap at his shoulder. "Dykes will be dykes. Besides, you're going to have your hands full with me in a moment."

"Are you randy, baby?"

"Well, what do you think? I've had more people feeling me up today than ever since we were on Groombridge trying to hump that entire planet."

"Ah, those were good times." Cruz reminisced, as he embraced his favorite lover.

"Excuse me." Cammie pried them apart with her hands. She stepped in between the two, before she brought them back together with her in the middle. "I know you both recall how I was such an ice queen before, and how one of your exercises to break me out of my stubborn attitude was similar to how we're standing now. You may continue."

Mary's eyes widened flirtingly as she was facing Cammie. Soon enough, both she and Cruz started feeling each other up with the older woman between them. Cruz's hard erection was pressed tight on Cammie's tight behind.

"Before we go any further, ladies." Cruz said, thoughtfully. "I see everyone else from the crew around, but I haven't seen the Captain or Barbie in a while. Have either of you seen them?"

"Oh, don't you worry about them." Mary dismissed his question. "The Captain just wants some alone time with his honey, especially after what happened with Willow."

"I want to hear the details about that." Cammie said. "I can't believe Willow's gone!"

"Now or later?" Mary asked her.

"After I get double-humped." The woman nodded back. "By the two of you."

"Woo-hoo!" Mary cried out.

Lieutenant Washington and Barbie followed the diminutive Alice down dark, seldom used passages. The surroundings were dreary, actually, in Washington's eyes. The entire area was a warehouse zone, used for overflow goods in the case the Starship Neptune had to travel out to places far away from normal supply routes. Since the vessel had been based more or less within the orbits of Jupiter and Saturn, there hadn't been any recent pressing necessity to store items in that section.

"We have to sneak around to even get over here." Alice admitted as she led them, meaning her and the members of the Vamps street gang. "It can be a real bitch to avoid all the surveillance cameras." The short woman paused at a bleak intersection, peering past its edge for a few seconds. "Okay, we're clear. The camera is rotating in the opposite direction. Let's go!"

Alice ran across the intersection with her supposed captives close behind.

"Just one more block and we're there." She said, glancing back to make sure the other two were still trailing her. "Barbara, are you passing psychic information about me to Captain Washington?"

"No, not really." Barbie replied.

Alice looked nearly disappointed to hear that reply. She started leading them again.

"Well, maybe I was." Barbie quickly changed her tune.

"Really?" Alice turned around. "What did you say about me?"

"I just thought, you must be a brave little woman." Barbie replied. "They left you in charge of watching over us..."

"And I didn't even have a shocker!" Alice said, proudly.

"That's right." Barbie nodded. "And look at you now. You helped capture us and now you're helping us escape. You know your way around all these dark corridors, and now you're taking us to some top secret destination..."

"It is top secret!" Alice beamed back. "I'm taking you to the Vamps' hideout!"

"This is where we want to go for a threesome?" Washington asked.

"Sure we do, honey." Barbie told him. "Alice wants to show off her place. Don't you, Alice?"

"Nobody else on the Neptune has a hideout." The short woman said, quite proudly. "You're going to be only the second and third outsiders to ever go into our hideout, after honorary member Margo from your crew."

"Margo visited your hangout?" Washington asked.

"Sure." Alice nodded back excitedly. "Do you remember that time she dressed up as a Goth cheerleader chick? This is where we got dressed up; in the hangout."

"Lead the way, sweetie." Barbie urged.

"You shouldn't call me that." Alice cautioned. "Us Vamps refer to ourselves as hard bitches. You have to call me Alice the entire time."

"But we're not in the Vamps." Washington reminded her. "Aren't we breaking some sort of protocol by visiting your hideout?"

"I didn't think about that." The girl stood there for a moment, thinking it over. "Just follow me until I clear it with the Vamps."

"No, Alice, I think you're the one in charge." Barbie said. "You're a hard bitch, remember? You don't need to ask anybody for permission to do anything."

Alice managed to look smug for a second; as if she were doing something no other Vamp could get away with.

"Should we call you Hard Bitch Alice?" Barbie teased.

Alice giggled. "No, just Alice by itself. Follow me, prisoners, or else!"

"Or else what?" Washington asked.

"Or else I'm going to kick your butt!"

Washington nearly started laughing at the thought that such a wisp of a woman could even budge him out of place. The best Alice could hope to accomplish was to cling onto his leg like a little chihuahua. His wife connected with him psychically, however, and told him to go along with the ruse.

"You're in charge, Alice." He said. "I'm actually shivering right now."

"And don't you forget that I'm the boss!" Alice said, defiantly. She turned and haughtily strode off, as if her two followers had no other choice except to trail behind her.

She's so cute when she's acting tough, Barbie thought at her husband.

I guess, Washington thought back. Are you sure that playing along is a good idea?

She doesn't want to hurt us, Barbie explained. She's a largely powerless woman in her life, so now we're giving her a chance to have a little power for a change. She wants to show us off like we're trophies.

Again, this is a good thing?

It will make her happy, Barbie said.

That caused Washington to think of Willow again. Maybe by playing this act with Alice, he could redeem himself a bit for how he had failed with Willow.

"I don't think you failed Willow." Barbie said. "I think she just couldn't handle what goes on in the Space Relations. Most people can't."

"Can you handle it?"

"I married you, didn't I? Your crew takes some getting used to, but they're good people at heart. You guys converted Braxton the Bitch, right? That counts for a lot in my book."

They were still chatting when Alice went to stand before a hatch door.

"Oh, this is one of the larger of the empty warehouses.' Barbie observed. "I think it is in the range of some ten thousand square feet."

"Wrong, bitch!" Alice said, roughly. "This is the Vamps' hideout!"

The small woman swung the hatch open, motioning with her head for her two captives to enter.

Washington stepped in before his wife. The first thing he saw was a number of medium-sized crates marked for beer and snacks. Next, he saw that the walls of the warehouse chamber were lined with large purple drapes, all the way around. The lights were brighter than expected, as if they'd been replaced with stronger tubes. Also, there was a wardrobe corner with a number of racks containing similar jackets and outfits, all of them in dark colors, and a desk with a mirror mounted on it much like something found in a theatrical dressing room.

Several couches sat at the far end of the chamber, all draped over with regal purple throws and sheets. Two Vamps were sitting back there, but they now stood up and watched the little entourage coming inside.

A butchy woman with short hair and a nose-ring pointed at the two new people. "The rest of the Vamps are out looking for them. They're looking all over the place!"

"They escaped and I captured them." Alice said. "I brought them here because this was the closest place where I could hide them."

"Hawkette says you let them escape." The Vamp accused her.

"If I let them escape, then how did we all end up here?" Alice countered. She turned to her supposed captives. "You two, sit there."

Obediently, Barbie started that way. She paused when her husband didn't follow. Washington was standing there with his arms crossed.

"Come on, hubby." The woman called out. "Alice might get crazy with you if you don't follow her orders."

The small woman stared at Washington, which she thought made her look tough, while the black man thought it made her look ridiculous.

"Fine." He relented, as he glanced at the beer crates. "Let me just grab a couple of beers first. Is that okay with everybody here?"

"We have cold beer over there." Alice pointed at a cooler half-hidden by the side of one of the couches. "Get one for me, you wretch!"

Washington glared at Alice for a second, before he went off to do the task. One of the Vamps took a step back, probably thinking he might take a swipe at her, before he went to pull out three beer bottles. He turned toward the Vamp. "Where is your bottle opener?"

The woman pointed at a small side table. Washington went over to pop open all three bottles.

"What are you going to do with them?" The Vamp with the nose-ring asked.

"I haven't decided yet." Alice admitted. "Actually, no. I'm going to fuck Captain Washington. I'm going to fuck him and I'm going to make his wife watch me doing it!"

"But you're a lesbian!" The Vamp shot back.

"Think about it, bitch." Alice told her. "If I do this, I'll be the first Vamp to ever nail a ship's Captain. I'm already the first Vamp to make out with one. I know you two can't top that."

Suddenly, all three Vamps were looking at him. Washington shrugged, taking a beer over to the smallest one. "Here you go, Alice. Just like you asked. You're so mean and tough. Please don't hurt me. As a matter of fact, why don't I offer a beer to your friends as well? I have a feeling we might all be here for a good while."

Alice took the beer and looked to be gloating at her two cohorts. The Vamps were even more shocked when Washington humbly gave them the other beers.

"He really is our prisoner!" One Vamp marveled.

"If we ever have a Vamps Hall of Fame, just by humping this man we could be in it!" The other lesbian calculated. "We could become legends!"

Alice happened to glance over at Barbie, who was on her hand-held 'puter. "Hey, bitch, what are you doing?"

"Oh, I'm just checking my messages."

"That's all you'd better be doing." Alice growled at her.

"Or what?" Barbie challenged. "What are you going to do about it?"

The other two Vamps didn't catch what happened next, but Washington did. Barbie and Alice were having a quick telepathic exchange.

The smallest woman in that warehouse turned to her fellows. "That woman is straight. It's your job to woman-handle her while I have my way with the Captain!"

Things were getting interesting, Washington thought, as he went for a couple more beer bottles. He delivered one to Barbie, and was about to sit down next to her, when Alice called out to him.

"You're sitting over here, prisoner!" Alice demanded.

The moment he was on the couch, Alice took a long swig of beer and came after him. She sat on his lap, pushing her small body up against his.

"Hold my beer, hostage." She ordered, quickly shedding off her shirt and bra, exhibiting small, meager breasts. "Okay, give it back now."

Alice took a drink, before she started kissing the lieutenant. She was being forceful and rough with Washington, but he accepted that some of it was for the benefit of their audience. Besides, he didn't mind aggressive women so much, not even tiny ones. After a few steamy moments of kissing, Alice turned her head to make sure Barbie was still watching. Next, Alice shoved her small A-cups up against Washington's face. The lieutenant would have preferred larger breasts to mouth on, but he also believed in equal opportunity. He held Alice by the waist as his mouth sought out and found a nice, little nipple.

"That's my husband you're fucking!" Barbie shouted, rather dramatically. "How dare you!"

Washington nearly started laughing, as his woman was acting out in a parody of what should have been a dangerous situation. The buxom redhead sprang off the couch, only to have the two lesbians jump at her. They grabbed her arms and wrestled her back into place.

"Make sure that bitch stays down!" Alice ordered. "I want you to take her clothes off, Vamps. I want you to show that bitch what it means when a straight woman comes into our hideout!"

"Stop calling my wife a bitch." Washington whispered, as the two Vamps started tussling with Barbie and removing her clothing.

"Is it too much?" Alice asked.

"It's a turn-off for me." The lieutenant shrugged.

Both of them took drinks from their bottles. They watched as Barbie had her shirt wrenched off her body. In retaliation, Barbie got a hold of one of the Vamps' shirts and pulled that off. The lesbian captor had a lot of tats on her, Washington noted.

"You get that cupcake naked!" Alice called out, before she got back to her own captive. "Was that better?"

She'd gone soft again, Washington noticed. He hated people that put up false fronts, because he liked genuine people more than hypocrites. At the same time, the lieutenant was beginning to understand how a person like Alice might need to put up a facade. It was a method of self-preservation, to obscure how vulnerable that person really felt on the inside.

"That's fine." Washington admitted. He saw that one Vamp had grabbed a handful of Barbie's hair and held her head back, while the second Vamp was trying to loosen off Barbie's bra. "Tell them not to be so rough."

"Hey, Vamps!" Alice shouted. "She's a straight, remember? I think she's ready to stop fighting and take what's coming to her. Answer me, Barbara!"

"All right." Barbie held her hands up in surrender. "I won't fight anymore. Let me just stand up so I can finish taking off my clothes. Be gentle with me, I'm soft!"

"Take off your clothes, Vamps!" Alice directed.

No sooner were all three women nude, than Barbie started pushing them around. When the Vamps retaliated, they all fell back on the couch and started wrestling again. Washington had seen his first wife putting the moves on his second wife, but he'd never seen Barbie acting rough before, and especially not around other rough women.

Alice slipped away to remove the rest of her attire. She had a slender shape with a gentle flare in her hips. She pulled the Captain up to his feet and undressed him, although she giggled because she was too short to pull his shirt over his head. Alice did get a major surprise when she lowered his boxers, however.

"That thing's huge!" She balked. "That thing is almost as big as I am!"

"It isn't that big." Washington answered. He was always modest with his manhood, but in truth it was a very manly, thick sausage nine inches long.

"I can't take all of that." Alice frowned. "How am I supposed to be the first Vamp to nail a ship's Captain if you're that big?"

"I've been in this situation before." Washington admitted. "We'll just have to improvise a little."

"Will I still be able to brag about it?"

"I don't see why not." He shrugged.

"Give me a minute." Alice went for her hand-computer. "Keep this on the down low, but Barbie sent Margo a message a little while ago. She already told Margo that us Vamps have captured you and Barbie, and that we were all at the hangout. She also told Margo not to bring in the cavalry until half an hour had gone by."

"And what are you doing now?"

"I'm sending a bulletin to the Vamps. I'm telling them to come here right away because I caught you both. That way, the Vamps will all be here when everyone else shows up. Us Vamps will get the notoriety we want, you guys will be rescued, and the entire ship will know what happened. I'll be going viral on the Galactic Web!"
