 Part 2

Twists Of Fate

"Do you miss all that cat hair?" Barbie spoke seductively, as Washington lay on top of her. The amorous couple was making love in the Captain's bunk, with the glow in the chamber at a soft candlelight setting.

Washington loved the feel of his wife. Barbie's shoulders were tender to his touch. Her breasts were large oranges that he loved to toy with his mouth, with their large nipples popping up for his attention. At the moment, he didn't feel like abandoning those sweet nipples.

"Well, do you?" Barbie persisted.

Finally, Washington broke away from his caresses. "If you mean do I miss the cat-women, the answer is no. Don't get me wrong. They were a lot of fun to be around. The crux of the matter is that they had their own destinies to pursue."

"Don't we all? I think their objectives are among the noblest ones I've ever heard of. They are trying to preserve their species."

"True, but they didn't exactly go about things the right way, by putting themselves in front of the human women on this ship."

"Some bird species on Earth will drop their eggs into the nests of a totally different species. Then they push the original eggs out of the nest. That way, when the offspring are born, the bird with the hijacked nest will have to take care of them. What is the difference between that and what the cat-women were trying to do?"

"I could say they were tribal, while we're more civilized. After what happened to us on the Neptune, I'm having second thoughts about that. I think that deep in our cores, a lot of us are really primal. If you strip humans of their philosophy and technology, we're exactly the same as any primitive culture."

"How does that make you feel, hubby?"

"It is what it is." Washington shrugged. "I'm neither better or worse than any man or woman that came before me. I'm just very happy that I found a crew willing to come with me while I go exploring the universe. I'm a happy man today because of that."

"Too happy, if you ask me."

"Because of the cat-women?"

"All six of them."

"Well, Thor and Cruz did help me deal with them, and so did the women on board. You could say it was a united effort."

When Barbie started to caress his face, Washington scooted up to kiss her. They did this for a few sensual moments, before he took his long erection in hand and went aim it between his wife's legs. Barbie stopped him then, and instead prodded him to lie down on his back. He thought that maybe she was going to mount him, but no. Barbie had more kisses to bless him with, as she set his lips on chest. Slowly, she kissed and licked at him, moving down his body a couple of inches at a time. When she neared his erection, she began stroking him.

Washington shuddered when he felt his wife's lips taking part of him in.

"Did your cat-women do this?" Barbie asked.

No, he answered with his mind, as he was already gasping from her touch.

Her mouth was very exciting around him. As Barbie coddled him with her tongue, Washington couldn't help but run his hands through his wife's hair.

I have a confession to make, he thought at her. I don't know if you'll like it.

What is it?

I like how you colored your hair red. I think I like it better than your natural hair color.

Barbie paused for a second, as she considered this. Washington wondered if he'd made her mad by telling her that.

I'm not mad, she replied in her thoughts. You know, the men on the Neptune were looking at me differently when they saw how I'd changed it. Maybe I'll keep this color for a while. I kind of like it, and the attention that comes with it.

Her mouth started up again. When Washington felt his body start tensing up, he tried to get Barbie to bring her ass closer to him. All the man could touch right then were her shoulders and head. She pushed his arms away and kept going.

Barbie's hair wasn't that long; it only came down to her shoulders. While she was bobbing on him, it would brush against his abdomen repeatedly. He coursed his hands through it, accidentally gripping at it too tight. When he realized how he'd pulled at it, he immediately let her hair go.

It's okay. You can keep doing that. I kind of like that too.

She was different somehow, Washington understood. Barbie had been highly conservative at first, but maybe the prolonged exposure to his promiscuous crew had loosened her up.

You know what it was, she said psychically. You already guessed at some of it, after the way we had to leave the Neptune in such a hurry. While I was on that ship, and I have to tell you that I'm not that good at using my abilities, not like Mary is. But anyway, while I was on the Neptune, I kind of dug into the minds of a few people I got close to, just to see what their sex lives were like. You can't imagine how boring those people were, or how worried they were that they weren't good enough for their partners.

"You're not boring." Washington said.

Because of my big ass?

"Well, your big tits also come into that equation." He teased.

Barbie moved her head away. She started stroking her husband. "Is that all I am to you, a hot piece of ass?"

"Pretty much." Washington laughed. "No, seriously, you're the warmest, most gorgeous woman I've ever met. I consider myself the luckiest man in history to have you as my first wife."

"Not your only wife?"

"Well, no. Not according to the culture on Groombridge 34. A man cannot be considered a fulfilled man unless he has two wives on that planet."

Barbie laughed. "We're going to find a planet where I can have two husbands!"

"Over my dead body! I'm not sharing you with anybody!"

She was still stroking him, faster than before. As Washington's climax started to rise, Barbie increased it even more by putting her lips around the end of his manhood. With both her mouth and hand going, he started moaning. His hands went to her arms, and then her shoulders. Washington had just started to reach for a hanging breast, when his ejaculation burst out of him. Barbie moved her face away as he came, still stroking at him at full speed and turning Washington's moans into mature yet manly cries.

He did his best to clutch at the sheets of his bed, and away from Barbie's hair, while the action continued. Finally, when he could take no more of it, Washington pushed his wife's hand away from his member. He lay there gasping.

"Did you eat one of those kitties out, like you're about to do to me?" Barbie asked.

Washington grinned, as he started moving his woman around on the bed. "They were too hairy for that."

"I'm a little hairy down there."

"Not like they were. You have a nice, trim bush. Just the way I like it."

He had Barbie take his place on the bed, while he caressed her thick thighs and legs. There really was a world of difference between the cat-women and his wife. He rubbed against her womanly mound a few times, before he spread her thighs and stuck his head in there.

While this was taking place, Margo was sleeping in her bunk and the rest of the crew was found on the bridge. In fact, there was a lot of laughter in the hub, where Cruz and Mary pranced around like the pussycats from Saturn used to. They tried to get the no-nonsense Thor to play along, but the big and brawny man would in no way demean his macho behavior by behaving effeminate. Mary did get acting Captain Cammie to attempt to undulate her hips like a belly dancer. It was such an odd action, for the older woman was so unaccustomed to seeing such a thing, let alone doing it, that Cammie ended up bursting into snickers every time she tried.

Later, when that died down, a whole new hilarity ensued as they went through the uncensored news clips from the Starship Neptune. The vote was split over whose compromising position was the funniest and most controversial: Captain Washington on a couch with a tiny Vamp gang member chick riding him, or Cammie riding the senior officer of the Neptune, Commander Brody, during the mass orgy at the amphitheater.

"I'm giving it to Captain Washington and the Vamp." Thor decided. "That situation was much more complicated than Cammie shaking her ass at Commander Brody."

"People aren't going to remember our captain's exploit as long as they're going to remember a starship commander's." Mary countered. "There is a reason why we left the Neptune at full speed ahead."

"Well, yes, but as far as our crew is concerned, our captain has a higher rank than Cammie, no offense Cammie, and therefore his scandal has a much higher degree of sensationalism to it."

"All I know is that both incidents are making our highlight reel." Cruz giggled. "I'm giving it to Cammie, by the way. No really, in about five minutes I'm giving it to her. Are you ready for me, baby?"

"I'm sorry, but I'm flying the ship at present." Cammie answered, blushing.

"You can fly the ship, while I'll be flying you. That reminds me, baby, of an old joke I heard on Earth. Pretend I'm about to come on board and ask me to get on the ship. Go on, baby. Just like I said it."

"Okay." Cammie replied. "Mr. Cruz, will you get on the ship?"

"Get on the ship? What the hell are you talking about, baby? I'm not getting on the ship; I'm getting in the fucking ship! Do I look like I can breathe in space, baby?"

Cammie tried to hold it in, but she burst out laughing anyway. Thor was doubled over in guffaws. Mary simply grinned and rolled her eyes.

"It wasn't that funny, darling?" Cruz asked his blonde counterpart.

"I saw the punchline in your thoughts ahead of time." Mary admitted.

"You're stealing my thunder, baby. What am I thinking now?"

"You're thinking about you and Thor standing in the humidifier together."

Cruz looked alarmed. "No, I'm not! She's lying, baby! I would never, ever think such a thing in a million years. You take that back, honey, because this train does not go both ways! Take it back or I'll be giving it to you in five minutes instead of Cammie!"

Instead of making a reply, Mary tried to bolt away. Cruz dove on her, knocking them both to the ground.

"That's it, baby!" Cruz started pulling at her clothes. "For making such a rude and uncalled for insinuation, you're punishment is a public thrashing. And when I say thrashing, what I really mean is humping!"

"Okay, okay!" Mary giggled and fought him off. "I'll tell them the truth, just calm down and let me get up. You can hump me later, after you take care of Cammie."

Cruz pulled the blonde to her feet, but he hugged her from behind just in case she might try to run again.

"Cruz was really thinking about me and him in the humidifier." Mary revealed. "You can let me go now."

"No tricks, baby. You know how I get when people rile me up like that."

"Yes, I do know. But somebody has to do it now that Willow is gone."

This looked to sober her lover up. "That poor woman. I really did think she was going to be a good fit here."

"Well, she was at first." Mary replied. "And she might still be with us today except for what happened on Zeus. That really shook her up and made her want to crawl into a safe space far away from this ship."

"Huh." Thor grunted. "All that was, was a primordial planetoid with proto-humans that went through a different evolutionary path than us humans did on Earth. I don't see how that would shatter Willow's idea of the universe."

"Normally, you don't find a new species in the Homo genus and start humping them right away." Cammie said.

"But it certainly was fun!" Cruz quipped.

"The kitties didn't see it that way at all." Mary informed them. "It was the other way around. They thought they were getting one over on us by humping us so much. Oh, yeah, I saw that in their thoughts!"

"You know what I always say," Cruz started setting up for another joke. "If it moves and we can fuck it, I say we should fuck it!"

"I say the same thing." Mary nodded. "I'm fucking the next person who moves!"

Absently and without thinking about the repercussions, Thor glanced down at his monitor.

"I saw that!" Mary pointed. "I've got dibs on Thor!"

"Wait, wait." The big man held his hand out. "I'm navigating this ship. I can't just stand up and leave right now."

"Well, you're going to and you're going to like it." Mary went to pull on Thor's brawny arm. "Will you get up? You're too heavy! I can't move you!"

Thor turned his chair around to face the acting captain. "Cammie, I seem to have a dilemma here. Do you mind if I turn things over to you?"

"You are excused." Cammie nodded. "Will you be a sweetheart and bring me a cup of tea when you come back?"

"He'll do it for a blowjob." Mary answered for him.

For the next few moments, an embarrassed Cammie and Cruz watched Mary pulling Thor's arm. When that didn't work, the blonde got behind Thor and started pushing him. In short time, they both exited the bridge.

"She's certainly in a mood, isn't she?" Cammie commented, as she watched Cruz getting closer to her. "What do you want?"

"Pussy. Cougar pussy."

Cammie took a deep breath. "Well, okay, but you can't have it right now. I am flying the ship, in case you hadn't noticed because of your thick sexual stupor. I can't just set the ship on autopilot, either. We need active eyes to monitor the vicinity for any near-approach meteors. This area is notorious for them."

"You sound so defensive, darling." Cruz crowded against her side. He started playing with her hair. "I do like how you've colored it, baby. The black tint gives you a more youthful, virile look, while the streaks of silver add wisdom and sophistication."

"Go on." Cammie grinned. "Tell me more."

"You're a wrinkled old hag that hobbles about with a cane."

Cammie took a swipe at Cruz, who quickly darted out of the way. "If I wasn't tied down to his chair, I would really show you something!"

"Did I get a rise out of you, baby, because you've gotten one out of me." Cruz teased as he came back. He plopped his body right on Cammie's lap. "Go on, baby. Dig your nails into my arm so you can get revenge for what I said. I'm yours to do with as you will."

There were more handsome men than Cruz, to be sure, the older woman thought. There were also stronger, more muscular men to be had out there in the universe. Cruz, however, exuded a warmth and coquettishness that nearly all other men lacked. Even when he was insulting, he was playful and charming. Certainly he was not a rogue, but he came off as a mischievous little boy who was constantly trying to stick his hand in the cookie jar. The gentle rebelliousness and the perennial sensuality Cruz exuded always brought the maternal, protective instinct out of women. His charm worked on females from other species as well, Cammie knew, as she'd seen with her own eyes how the cat-women had responded to him.

"It is your aura, isn't it?" She asked. "That's what women find irresistible about you."

Into her ear, Cruz whispered, "And here I thought it was my humongous package."

He'd done it to her again, Cammie realized. She'd dropped her defenses for him. Now, all she could think of was lying on a bed naked with this man, and running her hands all over his body. Not only could she visualize this, but she could actually feel it within her. Her emotions wanted him just as much as her physical form did.

"There is something to that aura idea." Cruz admitted. "I can't scientifically define it, not yet anyway, but I believe it has something to do with electrostatic energy."

"I don't follow." Cammie told him.

"It is a charge, baby." Cruz explained. "Imagine a person walking across a carpet and building up an electrostatic charge. Then they go up to an unsuspecting victim and zap the shit out of them. I'm building up a similar charge of electrical energy, but mine is coming directly from my balls."

Cammie started laughing, because Cruz could be so wonderfully crude and at the same time funny. She didn't deny him when he brought his lips up to her cheek. Even though she was the only person in control of the ship, she allowed this randy man to kiss her and distract her from her duties.

"You must have a lot of women falling in love with you." She said.

"It's the other way around, baby. I fall in love with all of them."

That explained a lot of it, Cammie realized. It was Cruz's genuine feelings that came across so strongly to the women around him. Maybe it did or did not have something to do with auras or electrostatic energy, but it was a glow that women liked to bask within like moths drawn to a light. Cruz could put himself into a level of profound sensuality, with his goal being to bring women into that same state of bliss.

If they were in a bunk together, all Cammie had to do was to lie there nude, and Cruz would kiss her body all over. It was doubly exciting with Mary around, because the blonde knew what she was doing just as much as Cruz did. That was the dreaded double-hump, dreaded because it was dreadful to come back to reality after such an ethereal, loving experience.

"You're smiling, baby." Cruz mentioned.

"I guess I am." Cammie admitted. She reached up to hold the man's face still, so she could be reminded of what his lips tasted like. Still, Cammie knew she had to keep her eyes on the monitor, so she halted the encounter prematurely. "Honey, you can stay on my lap, but try not to distract me while I work."

Cruz still touched her hair, and ran his fingers down the side of her face, but that wasn't too much of an inconvenience.

"Did the Captain decide on a destination yet?" He wondered.

Cammie started laughing. "All he said was for us to get the hell out of Dodge. We're not heading anywhere specific, but we are going more or less toward Galactic Center. Give me one." She used her free hand to display an appropriate star map up on the main screen. "This is from the viewpoint of someone standing on Earth. Let me adjust it for our present course."

She had to lean to one side to free up both arms, necessary for her to move the map around on the big screen. Cruz seized the moment to fondle her chest, but she didn't mind that so much. During the tribunal on the Starship Neptune, things had been extremely tense for while, with Cammie facing a possible court martial and brig time. Now that all that mess was over, she didn't mind cutting loose so much.

"Look to the screen." Cammie gently told Cruz, who followed her gaze. "We have a relative glut of K-type stars in the direction of Galactic Center. We have an HR system, an Ophiuchi system and a couple of Gliese systems out there, all with stars similar to Sol that we have next to Earth. These star systems are approximately twenty to thirty light years away. As a matter of fact, we sent a probe out there some time ago." She went on to type more commands into the computer. "Here's a close-up of Gliese 667. That is a trinary star system with two orange K-type suns like Sol and a third red dwarf M-type star. The results from the probe indicate that this red dwarf has three exo-planets in the Goldilocks Zone. I'm going to leave Captain Washington a recommendation. Since we're heading in that general direction anyway, I'm going to ask the Captain if we should go out there to investigate these exo-planets. Nobody has ever gone out there."

"Are they far, baby?"

"In space terms, not that far." Cammie shrugged. "With the advanced fusion drive on this ship, at full speed we can cover nearly one full light year per Earth Standard day. We can reach Gliese 667 in about a month if we wanted to."

"That's farther out than when we ran into the Worf." Cruz realized.

"Oh, that was nothing in space distances. The other planet we were on, Groombridge 34, is only eleven light years away from Earth. Nobody has ever been to Gliese 667. I think the Captain might like to be the first."

"One month to get there and one month to get back." Cruz estimated. "That should be enough for the scandal on the Neptune to die down. Why not go there?"
