 Lisa woke up a few hours later. Her ass felt a little sore after that rigorous, almost mechanical fucking it had received earlier today, but overall she felt amazing.

The cum that covered her face and tits was still coating her in a sticky mess and following Julie's example, she bounced off the bed and started rubbing it into her skin. It felt just like an expensive moisturizer, except for the arousing, fruity smell it gave off. She had Simi's pineapple and peaches, Miki's banana and Aria's strawberry all mixed into an intoxicating cocktail.

It was then that she noticed a strange contraption sitting on the floor with a note attached to it. They must have brought that in while she was sleeping. She read the note, it said: "Lisa Slave, you must keep that luscious body in shape for us, so do one hour every day on this machine and do not let anything interrupt you, unless someone comes by to use you."

She took a closer look at the thing, it looked like a rowing machine she had back on her own ship, except this one was equipped with several dildos sticking up through the seat. She pulled the handle and laughed as the dildos moved up and down. These vixxxens were incredible, not even a simple exercise could be done without some kind of sexual satisfaction. Not that she was complaining though, this looked to be a lot more fun than what she was used to.

Without hesitating, she sat down on the machine and strapped her feet into the foot restraints, then pulled slowly at the handle, making the dildos move up through the seat. She lowered herself onto them and they slid easily into her slick holes, one going in her pussy and the other up her well-used ass. Carefully, she started doing the rowing motion and she felt how the dildos would slip almost all the way out before plunging back into her. She had never thought of having an orgasm while working out, but that was about to change.

There was a timer displaying how long she had been at it and she tried counting her orgasms during that one hour, but after a handful, she lost count. They just seemed to melt together.

When her one hour was up, she felt completely exhausted. She had gotten a good work out, probably rowing a lot faster than she was used to just to make the dildos fuck her faster too. She stood up, letting them slide out of her holes, regretting how empty they felt now. On wobbly legs, she started doing stretching exercises on the floor and just then, the door opened and Aria walked in carrying a large bag.

"Hello Lisa Slave, I'm back to give your tits a workout too," the tall vixxxen said with an evil grin. She opened her bag and pulled out a black leather paddle and some rope.

"Ohh, hello Mistress Aria," Lisa said, the anticipation obvious in her eyes.

"Come over here and turn your back to me," Aria commanded.

Lisa did as she was told and Aria grabbed her wrists and tied her hands behind her back, causing Lisa's back to arch a little and her huge tits to stick out even more than usual.

"Now get on your knees on the bed and face this way," she said as she swung the paddle into her palm demonstratively.

Lisa quickly obeyed and the thought of having her tits spanked by this beautiful girl gave her another orgasm. She even arched her back as much as she could, making her globes point upwards, genetically designed to resist the laws of gravity.

Aria obviously approved and ran her tongue across her lips as she walked up to Lisa's bed and just teasingly flicked the paddle across the blondes nipples, before lightly smacking each side of those firm tits. She increased the power of her spanking, but would occasionally stop to lick and gently bite at Lisa's nipples, soothing the pink skin with her tongue.

"Very good. Your tits are responding nicely. Does it feel good, slave?" Aria asked her, although it didn't seem like she was too worried either way.

"Oh yes, it feels great Mistress! Please spank them some more!" Lisa said and bounced a little on the bed, making her tits bounce as well.

This seemed to encourage Aria into spanking them a bit harder, leaving faint red marks and it was at this moment that Miki walked in.

She smiled as she watched Lisa get her tits spanked. "Aria, you naughty girl, I thought I could find you here. How's our slave doing?"

"She's doing very well, I was actually surprised that no one was here," Aria grinned.

Miki laughed. "Yeah, I had a few experiments to check up on. I just thought I'd come by and give her another good assfucking before I went to bed, but if you're using her, I can come back later."

"No that's ok, I was just finishing up," the tall vixxxen said and kissed both of Lisa's nipples, before she took a step back and nodded appreciatively at the red color of those huge globes. She then untied Lisa's wrists and put the paddle and the rope back in her bag. "Have fun with her Miki, see you tomorrow."

Lisa was still sitting on her knees on the bed, a slutty smile on her lips as she was looking at Miki.

"Get on your hands and knees on the floor Lisa! I want to fuck your ass some more, I couldn't concentrate on my work, just thinking about you and your tight ass," Miki said, pointing at the thick, pink carpet as her 10 inch cock grew where her pussy had been.

"Yes Mistress," Lisa said and eagerly hurried onto the floor on her hands and knees, sticking her ass up high.

"Ahh yes, that's the spot right there," Miki said as she pushed her cock inside Lisa's tight back door. She didn't need any lube this time, Aria's spanking had left the human girl completely soaked.

It wasn't long before Miki was pounding her cock in and out of Lisa's tight ass and this time, she didn't have to switch with Simi, so Lisa could just close her eyes and enjoy this magnificent assfucking. Some of her ex-girlfriends had often fucked her in the ass with their strap-ons, but they had never been able to keep up Miki's pace at all, at least not for more than a minute or two. Miki however, seemed tireless.

They kept fucking like this for at least half an hour, Miki not once slowing down, but just pumping away.

"Your ass is so good Lisa, I'm addicted to it now," Miki grinned. "Even after we fucked it non stop for two hours earlier, it's still so tight."

Lisa could just moan, had they really done that? Her day seemed like a chain of orgasms, she had a hard time remembering what was in between. One thing she was sure of though, she had never had this many orgasms in one day before, probably not even in one month combined and she had by no means been a prude.

Miki got up on her feet and with her knees half bent and a firm grip around Lisa's waist, she could fuck her ass even faster and deeper than before, until finally after another 20 minutes or so in this position, she pulled out and sprayed her banana-scented cum all over Lisa's back. Some went in her hair until she turned around and got a few spurts on her face and tits too.

"Ahhhh that was really good Lisa," Miki said. "I'll be back tomorrow morning for some more of that ass," she grinned.

"Ohh, I hope so Mistress Miki," Lisa purred, as she rubbed the cum all over her skin.

Miki left the room and Lisa dragged herself onto her bed and almost immediately fell asleep.

And so the next few weeks went by with Lisa being quite busy. Miki would come by every morning and fuck her ass for an hour before work, then Suki and Simi would take over and fuck her wherever they felt like. They didn't stick to just one hole like Miki, but would fuck her pussy and mouth too and sometimes they would DP her. Aria and Julie joined in at times, Aria mostly spanking her while Julie fucked her with a strap-on. Then around the afternoon, Miki would be back to fuck her ass again. Sometimes she took a break during the evening and came back before bed for a third go at Lisa's tight hole, but sometimes, she would just keep going all evening, pounding away at Lisa's ass. Fortunately, vixxxen cum had remarkable regenerative properties, so a nice load deposited in and around Lisa's sore holes, would instantly soothe the skin and remove any discomfort and swelling.

When Lisa woke up on her 21st day of her new life as a sex slave, she was surprised and worried (and very disappointed), when Miki didn't show up at her usual time in the morning. She paced back and forth on the pink carpet until Suki's face appeared on the big monitor on the wall.

"Lisa Slave, we will be docking at the Venus-1 space station in ten minutes. You will wear the outfit ready for you in your closet and stand by the door," Suki said through the monitor. 

The transmission ended and Lisa scrambled to see what was in her closet. It had been empty ever since she had been in this room, at least the times she'd checked. She peeked inside and found a very skimpy outfit. It consisted of a few leather straps basically, one ran under the tits, lifting them up (not that Lisa had any need for that, with her genetically enhanced, firm and high double-D's) and one barely covering her slit which ran from the bra in the back up to a metal ring underneath her tits that held all the leather straps in place.

She donned the outfit and stood by the door as she had been ordered to do. Suki came in two minutes later and was pleased to see her by the door wearing the leather straps. "Excellent Lisa, that outfit will identify you as a sex slave. Venus-1 is a vixxxen space station, so to keep you from getting confused with other slaves, I will put your collar on you and you will follow me closely, do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress." Lisa beamed with joy. As much as she was enjoying all the sex she got in her room, she did look forward to leaving it for a little while too.

Suki nodded and smiled at her, then put the collar Lisa had worn on her first day, back around her neck and dragged her off.

They went down a corridor and past some doors, then around a corner and she could see the rest of the crew standing at the airlock, waiting for the docking procedure to be completed. They were all totally naked, even Julie had taken her tool belt off. They all smiled at her and pinched her nipples and smacked her butt.

"We'll catch up on lost time once we get settled in at the station, don't worry Lisa," Miki grinned and fingered the strap that barely covered Lisa's asshole.

"Ohh, I can't wait Mistress Miki," Lisa smiled back and wiggled her ass at Miki.

A loud metal clang was heard and the whoosh of air filling the airlock, before the door slid open and Lisa got her first glimpse of a vixxxen space station. They had to pass through a tube connected to the airlock where the ships docked, but then they entered a huge dome. It was very open and beautiful, lots of trees and low, smart looking buildings. There were naked, silvery girls everywhere. A few of them were pulling along other girls dressed like Lisa. Most of the sex slaves seemed to be human girls like her, but a few were vixxxen and she even saw a few girls that had dark red skin and fiery orange hair, a species she had never seen before.

She was so lost in thought, marvelling at the new sights and sounds, that she didn't notice the others were moving along, until the chain at her collar was pulled gently. "Come, Lisa Slave. We're going to meet some friends."

They went through the crowds, down a few streets and into a beautiful building shaped like a seashell. They entered a large room that was spartanly furnished. Warm sand covered the floor and two pretty vixxxens on a couch at the far end of the room jumped up and ran towards them, arms outstretched and huge smiles on their faces.

"Suki!!!" They both shouted and hugged and kissed Suki.

"Crew, this is Niki and Tera, the best suppliers in this part of the galaxy," Suki said, when they finally let go of her. "I have a special deal with them," she winked at Niki and Tera, who grinned back.

Niki took a good look at Lisa, running her eyes up and down Lisa's toned and tanned body, her massive tits and her smooth pussy. "Looks like a good deal for us too this time," she smiled.

Suki laughed. "Yes, Lisa is a very good sex slave, I'm sure you'll find her to your satisfaction. We will take the usual provisions from your warehouse and I'll return here in 24 hours to pick Lisa up." Both the vixxxens nodded absently, already busy checking out Lisa's amazing body.

Lisa felt so horny, she was being used to pay for their supplies and these two vixxxens were hot. She couldn't wait to see what they had in store for her.

Suki and the rest of the crew left to take care of the supplies, while Niki was already busy taking off the leather straps that Lisa wore. A 13 inch cock had appeared between Niki's legs and an almost identical one between Tera's.

"She really is hot," Tera said. "Where should we start?"

"Lets make her suck our cocks first," Niki replied, pushing Lisa down on her knees. "Suck them good Lisa."

Lisa gladly took Niki's cock in her mouth, sucking on the tip, before she let her tongue roam up and down the shaft. She knew that pleasing these two girls would make Suki happy, so she would do anything they asked of her with great enthusiasm.

Tera tried squeezing her cock in next to Niki's, but Lisa couldn't quite handle both of them at once, so they ended up taking turns holding her hair and shoving their cocks down her throat.

"A really sweet mouth, but I want to try her pussy now," Niki said and went behind Lisa, pushing her onto her hands and knees and slowly sliding inch after inch inside the human girls creamy pussy. Tera was apparently happy to stay in Lisa's mouth, so they fucked her like that for half an hour, in that almost mechanical vixxxen pace Lisa had gotten used to by now.

"I think I want to try her ass now," Tera said. "Do you want to stay in her pussy Niki?"

"Hmm, yeah I want to fuck it a bit more, it's really soft and nice. She can just ride me, while you fuck her in the ass," Niki said and got on her back on the warm sand, pulling Lisa onto her huge cock, sliding that wet pussy all the way down to the hilt.


Tera didn't waste any time, but pushed her massive rod against Lisa's tight back door, as soon as her pussy had been filled. She slid inside without any problems. "Ahhh wow, her ass is very tight, but very accomodating too. I bet they gave her lots of practice on the ship," she giggled.

Niki laughed, "Yeah, knowing Suki and what kind of crew she usually has, I'm sure they did."

They fucked her like that for an hour, taking turns with her pussy and ass. At one point during a switch, Niki shot a huge load in both her holes to soothe them before they continued. Her cum smelled like fresh apples.

"There's one thing Tera and I really enjoy Lisa and that's rubbing our cocks together," Niki said with an evil grin and pulled out of Lisa's ass only to try and squeeze in her pussy next to Tera's huge cock.

Lisa gasped. They were trying to double fuck her pussy! She felt so horny that she would have done anything, so she reached back and held her pussy lips apart to help Niki get in.

"Ahhh that's a good slave!" Niki said with a labored breath, as she was poking around, trying to find a spot where she could slip in. Finally she got a little bit of an opening and pushed, squeezing her massive cock inside Lisa's now very tight pussy. She sighed contentedly as she got inch after inch deeper and deeper, loving the sensation of Tera's cock rubbing against hers inside this hot and steamy hole.

All three girls moaned heavily as the two vixxxens struggled to fit all of their oversized cocks inside Lisa's pussy. After a while, they were both most of the way in and Lisa had gotten more comfortable with her wet hole being totally stuffed, so they started fucking her again, alternating thrusts. When Niki would pull out, Tera would thrust inside and vice versa.

Lisa had a huge orgasm and the vixxxens had to keep a tight grip on her or she would have fallen off their cocks in her orgasmic spasms. They kept up their relentless pace and would sometimes both ram her at the same time, which caused her to gasp and moan as she was filled to the limit.

"This has to be one of the best pussies we've ever had the pleasure to fuck," Niki said after they'd been double stuffing it for almost an hour.

"For sure," Tera grinned. "I wonder if she can take us in her ass too though."

"I was just thinking that as well," Niki smiled. "I have a feeling she might be able to."

Lisa gasped again. Two cocks in her pussy was one thing, but two in her ass? She was way too horny to object though and much too willing to please these two girls.

Niki pulled out of Lisa's pussy and for the first time in an hour, it wasn't filled with two cocks, so she let out a little sigh of relief.

"Turn around and ride Tera in your ass," Niki said, helping Lisa up. Her legs were visibly shaky.

"Yes Mistress," Lisa smiled and turned around, so she had her back to Tera. Then she slowly lowered her ass onto that huge, rigid pole that was slick with her juices and leaned back. Tera reached around and grabbed her tits, fondling them.

"Ok, lets see here," Niki said as she was stroking her cock and sliding two fingers inside Lisa's ass next to Tera's cock already stretching the tight hole. "It will be a very tight fit indeed, but she seems flexible enough to handle it." As if to prove it, she began pushing against Lisa's back door and surprisingly, she slipped inside almost at the first try.

Lisa sent a quick thank you to Miki, as her ass was stuffed by two huge cocks.

"Oh, they really must have worked on her on the ship," Niki laughed. She was barely able to move her cock in either direction though, it was squeezed so tight against Tera's. "Hey Tera, give us some lube to work with."

"Here it comes," Tera said and Lisa felt her ass being flooded with warm, sticky cum. It was much more than she could hold, so it squirted out past their cocks, lubricating her from the inside out. It had a wonderful smell of apples, just like Niki's. She began to wonder if these two might be twins, they did look almost identical too. All conscious thought evaporated once they started fucking her though, all she could think about was the fireworks going off in her head, as those two massive cocks were pumping in and out of her ass.

Both vixxxens were obviously enjoying themselves double fucking this incredibly hot slaves tight little ass, the feeling of their cocks rubbing together like they were squeezed by a giant rubber band was enough to cause them to gasp and moan as well. Lisa was again astonished by their stamina, as they kept this up for almost another hour. The vixxxen cum really working it's magic, as she didn't feel sore, just a dull numbness from all the friction.

Finally, Niki pulled out and lifted Lisa up and off Tera's massive rod and onto her back on the sand. Both vixxxens stood on either side of her, stroking their cocks that were aimed right at her face and simultaneously, they started cumming, covering her face completely with the first few spurts, then slowly moving their aim to her tits and further down her body, until she felt the sticky mess all over her.

They just stood there for a little while after, Lisa was busy scooping up their cum and swallowing as much as she could, rubbing the rest into her skin, giving her that revitalizing and rejuvenating glow about her.

"That was amazing." Niki said at last. "Best one Suki ever brought, no doubt."

Tera smiled and nodded. "Definitely. She's incredible. And we have her for another 19 hours."

Both vixxxens giggled and smiled at Lisa, who smiled back at them with a lusty grin.

To be continued...