 Staring into the endless vast space in front of him, James let out a sigh. Some people back on Earth thought he had such a great job ferrying freight across the galaxy. And he often went out of his way, especially at parties, to promote that image. The ladies usually loved hearing all about his buffed up image as a glamorous space pilot. He was just allowing himself to drift into memory of his last visit to Earth, and a lovely little redhead, when chimes began to sound.

Oh, right, sleep time. One good thing about space travel was the required eight hours of sleep every twenty-four hours. He smiled remembering that a friend had given him a new program to test out on those long, lonely, trips. With a yawn, James punched out the code that would set the ship on the nighttime autopilot. It would wake him up for an emergency, but otherwise would keep the ship on a steady, slower, course until he punched back in.

Reaching his bedroom, James pulled out the kit his friend had given him. "Just a plug and play! You'll LOVE it!" he had been assured. Opening the package he'd been given, he found what looked to be an old fashioned pair of 3D glasses with a cable attached. Shrugging, he plugged it into his computer. Immediately a screen popped up, welcoming him to the Spaced Out computer program and prompting him for his name.

He typed in his name and another screen popped up asking him for his preferences. He scanned all the different preferences, selecting that he was a male and wanted a female, and finally just clicked "Surprise Me." Slipping on the glasses, he lay down in the bed.....

The smell woke him. Roses? He didn't' have any roses on the ship. They never survived the voyage. Then he realized he wasn't on his bed. He was on a platform... or a wall... it wasn't completely vertical. A nice angle. Then he realized his arms were bound over his head and his feet were also bound. Shortly after that followed the realization he was naked. He opened his eyes. Red was the theme of the room; for all that he could see of it. Roses did indeed decorate every surface, which explained the smell.

Before he could take in anymore, he realized he was being watched. A blond in a red velvet robe that brushed the floor smiled at him as she realized he was awake.

All he could do was watch as she raised an eyebrow and slowly untied the robe. She slid it to her shoulders, baring breasts encased in silver satin. With a shiver, she allowed it to slide to the floor.

Her feet were bare. She wore the silver bra, which was cut low almost to her nipples. He could almost make out the barest edges of the pink center. She wore crotch less panties, he could see that right off. Silver ones, with a silver butterfly emblem on her mound.

He realized his body was responding to such a sexy image. Rather quickly.

She smiled even wider to see that and knelt in front of him. He shuddered as she licked his cock from root to tip and then lazily swirled her tongue over the head. He gasped as she enveloped his hard cock into her hot mouth. One hand lazily tickled his balls as she bobbed slowly, leisurely, up and down, swirling her tongue as she went. Groaning, he looked down to realize that her other hand was buried in her own sex, stroking herself as she stroked him. He could see the pebbles of her nipples poking through the satin of the bra. He groaned again as she bottomed out, taking all of his cock into her mouth.

After what felt like hours of endless torture, she gave him one last lick and stood up. Licking her lips she then mounted him, it was the only way to put it. Hooking her knees over his hips, she slid up his body and then back down, enveloping his rock hard cock into her smooth hot sex. He groaned at the unison, his hips thrusting up to meet her, his body aching to grab her and pound into her the way his throbbing meat wanted him to do.

Instead, he was forced to thrust his hips at her as she leisurely slid up and down his rod. He buried his face into her neck, kissing it frantically, wanting her to go harder, faster, but somehow unable to talk.

She was being affected now, he could tell from her little gasps of pleasure, her labored breathing, and the hard nipples begging for his attention. He was taken aback when she unhooked what had seemed to be a back-hook bra and shoved her breasts at his face. Greedily, he took a nipple into his mouth and nippled, licked, and sucked to his lust's content.

She groaned and gasped and he could feel her squeezing the other one. Her thrusts onto him became faster and faster, more frantic. He kept hold of the nipple in his mouth with his teeth, his tongue frantically running it over, encouraging this faster pace. Then she suddenly stopped and shivered all over. His cock was suddenly treated to her climax like he had never felt before. His own climax came roaring over him with no warning; her body milking his for every last drops of cum. 

Exhausted, he felt sleep rushing up at him. He tried to fight it off, but it was too strong. His eyes closed....

The beeping woke him. His usual morning alarm. He blinked at the darkness, and then pulled the glasses off. Had that all been just a dream? He blinked at the computer screen, where the message, "Thank you for trying Spaced Out! We hope you enjoyed your experience!" was sitting. He blinked at it, and then started to get out of bed. He stopped, as he felt satin sliding across his leg. Blinking further, he pulled back the sheet to see a pair of silver satin crotch less panties, with a butterfly emblem, wrapped around his now limp cock.

He stared at the underwear, then at the computer screen. Then a big grin split his face. This was most certainly NOT going to be another LONELY trip. Long, maybe, but now he had something to keep him happily entertained.