 In the Year 2253 a group of scientists performed an experiment that was never to be leaked to the public eye. 

If people found out about it they would call it cruel and unusual but if volunteers were used then the experiment would not be able to be performed correctly. 

The question the experiment was based on was "Can a controlled group of people be purged of their sexuality?" 

The experiment was to be carried out on a space station orbiting just outside of the most distant satellite of Earth.

The space station, Epsilon 53, was ideal because it was constructed to look like a giant donut. 

The space station rotated at its central point, which created gravity. The inhabitants lived inside the walls of the donut with the floor being the outermost wall of the space station.

Because it rotated the inhabitants were naturally pulled downwards against the floor allowing for a more earth-like environment. 

Not only this, but the space station was quite large for the sample size of the control group of people that would inhabit it. Inside the donut, the station had been decked out to look like an average civilian space colony. 

Over 50% of the current human population lived on space colonies now and Epsilon 53 was of modest size compared to a Nation Class Space colony that could house over 65,000 people.

The experiment would be played out as such:

1. A group of ten men and women, 20 people total, of age 18 or older would be transported to Epsilon 53. 

The group of people would have their minds wiped in order to bring them to a "blank slate" state of mind. Once they were stripped of everything they knew about their former lives they could then be reprogrammed with the parameters of what life would be like on the space station.

2. The 20 inhabitants of Epsilon 53 would live out their day to day lives performing various tasks to keep the station in working order.

They would have recreational time, dining, social hours, and rest cycles. They would also go to classes to continue to increase their mental and physical abilities and keep them challenged and motivated.

3. Most importantly the subjects would be monitored to detect their "arousal" levels. If a subject reached a state where it was apparent their sexual tension was getting too high they would be urged to visit the "Relief Station".

Here their sexual tension would be alleviated and they would be released back into their daily lives.

4. The theory was that if the subjects could be coerced into believing that the "Relief Station" was the source of their pleasures, and not each other then they would be more productive. 

Society is far too motivated by sex and the pursuit of it to get any real productivity accomplished. A group of people that only needs recreation and social interaction, but doesn't require sexual touch from one another would be far more effective than a society that still uses sex to sell shampoo, deodorant, and cosmetics.

5. No one except for the control group would be on board the space station. Those performing the experiment would monitor from a nearby space station but would not be present on Epsilon 53. 

An Artificial Intelligence would monitor their daily activities and would diagnose when they needed to be relieved in order to ensure their sexual neutrality.

Here is how the experiment actually went:

Day 23 of experiment

All subject behaving normally. All vital signs are green.

Albert woke up to the same bunk he had always remembered. He swung himself out of bed and headed to the dining area of his block. 

He lived in a small apartment building with 3 of the other inhabitants of the space station. They all met every morning precisely at 6am to have breakfast together and talk about what they had accomplished the day before.

They couldn't help but meet every morning at the same time. They were all constantly kept on track by the station's AI, a holographic floating head they all called, Epsilon.

He didn't need to shave after he woke up because all unneeded facial and body hair was removed by lasers at the end of each day while he took a shower. 

As Albert walked down the stairs he was greeted by the floating head, which appeared in front of him and seemed to hover along in front of him as he traversed the stairwell. 

"Good morning Albert." The hologram said.

"Good morning Epsilon."

"I see you had a good night's sleep last night. Your vital signs are perfect." 

"That's good to hear." Albert said smiling.

"I have noticed that it's been a few days since you visited the Relief Station though Albert."

"Oh, I barely noticed."

"Your tension levels are reaching unsafe parameters. I suggest you visit the relief station after work today. My calculations say that you should be fine during your work schedule. Any longer than that though could result in irritability and a decrease in traits that make the others so eager to enjoy your company."

"Well, alright. I'll be sure and go after work."

Albert was about the median age of the men's group on board the space station. The oldest male was Dustin at age 23. The oldest female was April at age 25. 

Most of the inhabitants were just over 18 and all were in excellent shape. They had been told they were part of a new society and that they should be proud of what they represented. They were being watched by hundreds of thousands of humans and would prove what a group of people could accomplish if they worked together.

After a quick breakfast and a chat with the other residents of his apartment building, Albert proceeded to the airlock where his daily work would begin. He donned an artificial atmosphere suit and stepped into the air lock.

The doors closed behind him and the ones in front of him opened a moment later. As he stepped out of the air lock he became weightless as he moved into the vacuum of space. 

He manipulated a control in his hand to activate the air jets on his suit. This propelled him forward towards one of the space station's three solar panel arrays.

He had been briefed earlier this morning that this would be the work he would be performing for the day. The space station used the football field- sized solar arrays to power the station. 

Without them operating at an optimal level the station could lose life support, oxygen scrubbers and much more. He scanned the giant wing-like solar array until he spotted a section of the structure that had been damaged by space debris.

After a few hours of welding and re-wiring he had the array repaired. He turned and used the air jets to boost him back towards the air lock.

"Excellent work, Albert." Epsilon said inside his helmet. "No sweat." Albert said. "I thought you were going to give me something difficult today?" "I never try to make things difficult for you Albert. I only want you to enjoy yourself here on 53 and to be a contributing member of the crew."

"I know, Epsilon. I can't say I have any complaints."

"Excellent. I will go ahead and book you for a 2:00 session in the relief room." "That soon?" Albert asked. "That would be most ideal." "Well, ok. Whatever helps the fate of this colony."

Albert stepped into the relief station. He had to admit, he found himself already starting to stiffen in his pants. Just the anticipation of how good the automated devices made him feel caused him to become aroused. 

He stripped off his clothes as soon as the door shut behind him. The relief station was little more than a ten foot by 5 foot booth with a raised table in the middle. A small changing room was off to the side of the booth and it allowed inhabitants an area to remove their clothing. 

Albert was a tall man at about 6'3 with a medium build. Like everyone else on the station he was very fit, and even had the slight bumps of abdominal muscles. 

Like everyone else he wasn't quite sure how he had gotten aboard the station but assumed they had all been in the military or something of that nature. Ever since they had been there, their day included a fitness routine before their evening meal.

As he removed his boxer-briefs his penis seemed to flop out of his waist band. He had been half erect with his clothes on and now that his cock was free it came to full attention as he sat down on the table in the middle of the booth. He lay on his back, looking up at the ceiling as the hologram of Epsilon appeared in front of his face yet again.

"I knew you would be eager for the relief station, Albert." The monotone voice said. "You always seem to be right Epsilon. You know me better than I know myself." "Stand by for purging process."

A robotic arm extended out of the wall of the room. On the end of it was a large tube with a small hose coming off of the side of it. The arm maneuvered the tube to where it seemed to hover over the swollen head of Albert's penis.

The tube could accommodate any size but already it was measuring Albert's length and girth so that it could inflate tiny water bags inside the tube to create the perfect fit. 

As the tube slid over the tip and the first 3 inches of Albert's penis the water bags began to fill up around his head and shaft much like a blood pressure monitor would fill up around a patient's arm. Soon the tube had a firm "grip" on his cock. 

"Beginning purging process" Epsilon's voice said.

The tube began to slide down covering up the remaining 4 inches of Albert's penis that it had not yet enveloped. With his entirety contained within the tube he could feel every inch of himself being squeezed and slickened simultaneously by the euphoric tube. 

He couldn't see it but inside the tube tiny pores allowed an artificial lube to coat the water bags that were making contact with the skin of his penis.

With all preparations in place the tube began to vibrate ever so slightly as it began to slide up and down Albert's penis. It automatically began at a painfully slow pace in order to get maximum release out of the subject. 

Albert closed his eyes and allowed his head to sag back into the small pillow that was sewn into the top of the table. 

The tube's up and down rhythm began to increase in its pace. 25 beats per minute, 35 beats per minute, 45 beats per minute until eventually the machine was humming along with one full up and down motion each second. 

Albert was now arching his back so as to thrust himself closer to the machine. It automatically adjusted its stroke so as not to injure him in any way. In fact he could have wiggled in any direction and the robotic arm would have moved with him to ensure the tube continued its same motion on his penis. 

His breathing became heavy and loud. It began to sound as if he had just sprinted 100 yards. Then all at once the tube filled with his juices. 

The bottom of the tube at the base of his penis had formed a vacuum seal around him. Now the little hose coming off of the tube suddenly ran white as all of his juices were sucked out of the chamber currently surrounding his cock.

"Relief achieved. Don't you feel wonderful?" Epsilon's soothing voice came over the speakers in the room. The hologram of the AI's face appeared in front of Albert.

"Holy cow, so much better." He said. The tube released its grip on him and lifted off. The robotic arm retreated inside the wall of the chamber where the tube would be cleaned and sanitized.

Jasmine began her day in much the same way Albert had. She felt as if she hadn't gotten quite enough sleep as she rolled out of her bunk and got dressed for the morning. After her shower she stood in the mirror looking at herself. 

She had wrapped a towel around her middle to keep any excess water from dripping on the floor. She was of average height for a lady with the same lean athletic build of most of the people on board the station. 

There were a couple of inhabitants that were stockier than the rest but there was no doubt that these individuals were strong like an ox and still in excellent condition. 

Her long red hair hung down past her shoulders and she brushed the knots out of it after she dried it. Her small breasts went well with her slender form and were just large enough to keep the towel from falling off of her as she continued to get ready for her day.

The disembodied head of Epsilon appeared in front of her as she was brushing her teeth.

"Hello Jasmine."

"Hello Epsilon." She said without much enthusiasm.

"I have taken notice to the fact that you seem to be getting restless during your sleep cycle."

"I'm not quite sure what it is, Epsilon. When I first woke up in this place it seemed like I could get a decent night's sleep but as each day goes by I wake up in the middle of night."

"Do not worry. I will monitor your vitals and suggest treatment by the end of the day."

"Thanks Epsilon."

She finished getting dressed and headed for the breakfast area. As she got her food from the refrigerated food bank her friend Carrie walked up next to her.

"Hey Jazz. How have you been?"

"Pretty good I guess. I think I overdid it yesterday on the racquetball court."

"Did you pull something? It doesn't seem like you are hurt or limping or anything."

"I just feel worn out is all. Like I can't get enough sleep."

"Well I'm sure Epsilon is monitoring you. He'll have a solution before you know it. Have you brought it to his attention?"

"Yeah I did this morning. He already knew I wasn't feeling 100%"

"It's great that we wound up in this super high tech place, huh? Epsilon is always taking such great care of us."

Jasmine smiled a weak sort of half agreeing smile.

"Yeah, I hope he figures out what is wrong with me."

Jasmine went to her usual work area. She had been assigned the task of monitoring the life support systems. This job had to be performed 24/7 and she rotated shifts with two other people. Marvin was sitting at the terminal when she reached the work station. 

"Hey Marv." She said.

"Hey Jazz." 

"Ready to get off work?"

"So ready." He said getting up out of the chair. 

"I'm due for a visit to the Relief station once I'm off. Epsilon says I really need it."

"The Relief Station?" Jasmine asked looking confused.

"Yeah, you haven't been yet?"

"No, I have never heard of it."

The floating holographic head of Epsilon appeared in between them.

"Folks I am required to inform you that you are not supposed to discuss the relief station."

Both of them looked surprised.

"I thought it was just a treatment that each of us received?" Marvin said looking at Epsilon.

"It is, but residents should not discuss what goes on inside the relief station. Treatment is on a subject to subject basis and should be kept private."

"Oh." Marvin said looking embarrassed. 

"Sorry Jasmine. I guess I almost said something that would make me look foolish."

Jasmine smiled at him. "It's ok."

Marvin exited the Life Support desk and Jasmine took her seat. She noticed that power output from the solar panels was now at 100%.

"Hmmmm, looks like Albert had a successful spacewalk yesterday." She said to no one in particular.

She spent most of her shift going from screen to screen running tests on each of the life support systems on board the space station and then running tests on each of their redundant backup systems. 

Rarely did she find a problem but when she did, she would schedule maintenance on that system. If it was something that was critical to their survival it got moved to the top of the priority list. However because of all of the redundant backups there was really nothing that needed immediate attention.

The end of her shift came quicker than she realized and soon the next person on the rotation tapped her on the shoulder. Her name was Caroline. She was a short brown haired woman with a slightly curvier figure than Jasmine. Her wider hips and larger breasts didn't seem to faze Jasmine one bit though. 

The two women sat and chatted for a minute or two before Jasmine brought Caroline up to speed on the goings on of the life support system. Once she was done briefing Caroline she packed up and headed to the break room to get her things.

It wasn't till she left her work area and was walking back to her apartment to get ready for recreation and socializing that Epsilon once again appeared in front of her.

"Jasmine, I have been monitoring your vitals and I do have some good news."

"Oh, and what is that Epsilon?"

"You are 100% healthy. You are simply in need of a visit to the Relief Station."

"Oh, how lucky. I finally get to see what this place is all about."

"I am confident you will enjoy yourself. All of the inhabitants look forward to their visits to the Relief Station, however I do urge you to keep your experience there confidential, as I told Marvin earlier."

"Of course, Epsilon. I won't mention anything." All the inhabitants of Epsilon 53 carried a small tablet with them at all times. They did everything from entertainment, organization, scheduling, and communications and of course they had a built in map of Epsilon 53 and a directions program. 

Jasmine pulled out her tablet and was not surprised to see that Epsilon had already placed a marker on her map to direct her to the Relief Station.

She found the little booth with the changing room built into it. As she walked in, Epsilon's voice came onto the overhead speakers.

"Welcome to the Relief Station. The room you are currently in is the changing room. You may go ahead and disrobe whenever you feel ready to proceed into the Relief Station."

"I uh... I have to take my clothes off?" She asked sounding a little skeptical.

"I assure you, you will not be harmed in any way. All of the inhabitants thoroughly enjoy their visits to the Relief Station. If you follow the instructions, I promise you will be pleased with your experience."

"Well, ok. As long as I'm not going to be hurt." She said.

She took off her clothes slowly.

"You heard Marvin speaking about how much he was looking forward to his visit. He was cautious at first too. Now just listen to how he talks of going to the Relief Station."

Jasmine thought about this. She didn't want to be a burden to the team. And Epsilon took very good care of all of the inhabitants. If he suggested she needed to go through whatever treatment the Relief Station performed than she probably needed to do it.

Her bra and panties were the last to come off. Like the other inhabitants she had no hair on her body from her ears down, none except for her hair from her scalp of course.

She was unsure why, but being naked somewhere other than her bathroom at her apartment made her feel strangely tingly. She felt both exposed and excited at the same time.

"Please proceed into the Relief Station and lie down on the table."

She walked into the booth and did as she was told. As she lay down on the table a holographic image appeared in front of her. On it was a diagram of a female body that was also naked. 

"The following is an introduction to Relief Station procedure. This is only shown on your first visit to the Relief Station. After this you will know what to do every time you visit the Relief Station. 

Scientists have discovered that in the human body there are certain hormones that can build up over time. As the concentration of these hormones gets higher and higher a person can experience mood swings, trouble sleeping, loss of focus and even depression. Because of this, the Relief Station was created. 

Through a simple and rather relaxing process your body is purged of these hormones in a natural way. 

During your short time in the Relief Station you will notice several devices approaching your body. Do not be alarmed as these devices are meant to cause pleasure and eventually aid in releasing the negative hormones in your body. All you need to do is lay back and relax."
