 With Lisa back on the ship, the crew settled into their established rhythm. They set up a schedule, so they wouldn't have any arguments over whose turn it was to fuck her.

Lisa never left her room during the next few weeks, she didn't have to eat since the vixxxen cum she was fed several times a day contained all the nutrients she needed. She would shower and use the bathroom a few times a day, but apart from that, she spent every waking minute being fucked by one or more vixxxen cocks or one of Julie's strap-ons or working out on her machine, keeping her tight body toned to perfection.

She loved her new life as a sex slave. She'd probably only been aboard the vixxxen ship for a few months, but it already seemed like her past life was ages ago and it felt so dreary and dull compared to her present situation in a near-constant sexual arousal.

Servicing all her mistresses was the only thing she could think about and the only thing she really wanted to do, so when Suki's face appeared on her room's vid-phone and told her to come to the lounge in 10 minutes wearing her sex slave outfit, she eagerly complied.

Hurrying to the closet in her room, she pulled out the few leather straps that made up the outfit and put them on. Then she made her way to the lounge and entered through the open door.

The room was fairly large and had a set of couches at two of the back walls. There was a well-lit bar in the opposite corner from the couches and a large, low table sat in the middle of the room with some reclining armchairs around it. This was where the crew played card games and watched holo-vids. It was also where they met with visitors docking with the ship.

Suki sat in one of the reclining armchairs and Aria on one of the couches at the back wall.

"Hi, Lisa Slave," Suki said with a smile and gestured for Lisa to come sit on the floor next to her chair.

Lisa smiled back and hurried over next to the chair. She sat on her knees, with her hands in her lap next to Suki, who placed her hand on her sex slaves shoulder, gently running it up and down.

"We will have a visitor arrive soon, Lisa Slave. I expect she will want to fuck you after we agree on a business deal, so you will do everything she tells you to, ok?" Suki said.

"Yes Mistress," Lisa replied with a horny grin. Any chance she had of getting fucked, she would take.

They spent a few minutes talking. Suki had turned to Aria and was discussing something with her, while Lisa's mind had already wandered off, imagining how this stranger would fuck her. Suki's hand had moved to Lisa's huge double D tits and was absently pinching the nipples softly.

A vid-phone on the wall bleaped angrily a few times and Simi's face appeared on it, telling them that their visitor had arrived.

A few more minutes went by and then Simi appeared in the doorway as well as a stranger behind her. Simi stepped aside and gestured for the stranger to enter the room.

It was one of those red-skinned girls Lisa had seen a few of at the vixxxen space station. This one had dark red skin and spiky, flaming orange hair. She was naked, as was the custom when aboard a vixxxen ship. She had big tits, although not as big as Lisa's. Her pussy was shaved clean, except for a little patch of trimmed, orange hair above it.

The stranger smiled at all of them and entered the room confidently. She pressed her index finger against Suki's index finger, which was the vixxxen equivalent of a handshake. She'd been carrying a bag that she set down on the floor.

Suki and the stranger spoke together in a language Lisa didn't understand, but it was obvious they came to an agreement after a short while as they both smiled, nodded and pressed their index fingers together again.

"And now to close the deal, you may fuck our sex slave," Suki said in a slightly ceremonial way as she switched to the common language and gestured at Lisa.

The red-skinned girl grinned. "This will be pleasurable I think," she said as she looked Lisa up and down. She picked up her bag and pulled out a huge dildo from it. It was quite different to any dildo Lisa had ever seen before. It was a 24 inches long double dildo with a curve at one end and a long, twisted section at the other end.

The stranger inserted the curved end, which was about 10 inches long, all the way in her pussy with a slight moan. She pressed a hidden button on the side of the dildo and it was as if it locked in place inside of her. She stood, stroking the 14 inches protruding from her pussy, as she looked down at Lisa with a smile.

Lisa wasn't sure what they wanted her to do, so she just started sucking on the monster dildo pointed at her face. The twirling design was so different to the smoothness of the vixxxen cocks she had gotten used to and she couldn't wait to feel this in her pussy.

Lavagirl, as Lisa thought was an appropriate name for this sexy red-skinned girl, obviously didn't mind having her dildo sucked like that. Lisa was surprised at the amount of moans and sighs she would get out of Lavagirl each time she sucked the huge dildo in her mouth and down her throat.

She continued with the blowjob for a few minutes, before Lavagirl pulled out of her mouth and exchanged a few words with Suki in that strange language.

"Bend over this armchair, Lisa Slave," the sexy red-skinned girl said, as she gestured towards the chair next to Suki's. "I want to try that hot, smooth pussy of yours."

Lisa quickly did as she was told. The prospect of getting fucked with that massive dildo had made her pussy soaking wet and she closed her eyes in anticipation.

She didn't have to wait long to feel the thick, bulbous head of Lavagirl's fake cock poking at the entrance to her pussy and after a moment, it was slowly making it's way inside. It was absolutely huge, yet she accepted inch after inch, until she could feel the trimmed orange hair above Lavagirl's pussy tickle her asshole.

"Wow, that's a nice pussy," Lavagirl exclaimed. "Not many can handle this dildo," she said as she slowly started moving it in and out of Lisa's stretched pussy. She pressed another hidden button on the side of the dildo and Lisa felt some kind of lubricant ooze out through tiny little holes all along the shaft, adding to the slick feeling of her own juices. This enabled Lavagirl to pick up the pace and before long, she was ramming the whole length of her monster dildo in and out of Lisa relentlessly.

Both girls were panting and moaning heavily, as Lavagirl grabbed Lisa's waist and began fucking her even harder than before. She was a lot rougher than the vixxxens usually were, slamming that dildo all the way in.

Lisa was beginning to think Lavagirl had the same inexhaustable energy as the vixxxens, but after ten minutes of roughly pounding that huge cock in and out of Lisa's pussy, she pulled out and staggered back to sit in one of the other reclining chairs. She was breathing heavily and her skin was glistening with sweat.

"Phew, I got a little carried away there," Lavagirl laughed. "That pussy is just too good. Ride me, Lisa Slave. I need to catch my breath," she said with a grin.

Lisa got up and her legs felt slightly wobbly. She couldn't wait to lower herself onto the sexy red-skinned girls monster rod though. It stood straight up in the air, looking obscene and delicious, slick with the lube and her own juices.

She had to stand on tiptoes before she could get high enough to get the massive dildo inside her pussy and with a heartfelt moan, she slowly impaled herself on it, stretching and filling her as she got it deeper and deeper.

It felt great and it didn't take more than a few minutes before she was bouncing happily on that huge fake cock, while Lavagirl was slowly regaining her strength as she was massaging Lisa's big tits. She was thrusting upwards, as Lisa came down on her.

Lisa's mind was barely perceiving what was going on, as another huge orgasm rocked through her body. Lavagirl squeezed the dildo slightly and Lisa felt the tip deep inside her begin to rotate, as it vibrated a little. This brought on another orgasm as she had never felt anything like it before.

"You like my toy here, Lisa Slave?" Lavagirl grinned, as she squeezed the dildo again, making the rotation move up and down the shaft and the vibrations increase in intensity.

All Lisa could do was nod and moan enthusiastically, unable to say anything coherent, as her pussy was stimulated in so many different ways at the same time.

Lavagirl leaned back and closed her eyes, as Lisa was bouncing up and down on her enormous dildo with great energy. They kept this up for another 10 mins or so, before they were both exhausted and decided to take a little break.

"You should really do her ass too before you leave," Suki said. "It's even better than her pussy, super tight, but very accommodating at the same time."

"Don't worry, I was planning to," Lavagirl replied with a smile. "You like to get fucked in the ass, Lisa Slave?"

"Oh yes Mistress, I love it!" Lisa said, staring at Lavagirls monster dildo, wondering how that would fit in her tight, little ass.

"That's good. I'll fuck it really hard though and it might be too rough for you. But I have a feeling you're used to a good stretching, no?" Lavagirl said with a wicked grin.

Lisa giggled. "Well, I do what I can to service my mistresses."

"Ok, enough talking. Get down on your hands and knees, Lisa Slave!" Lavagirl said as she stood up, the enormous dildo between her legs bouncing up and down.

Lisa hurried down on all fours and arched her back, making her firm, toned ass stick up in the air, ready for a good fucking.

"This is going to be good," Lavagirl said and licked her lips, taking in the great view of Lisa's butt. She got down on her knees behind Lisa and carefully placed the huge head of her dildo against the tight little hole in front of her. Then she started pushing gently and just as she was convinced it was way too big to get inside, it slipped in and a loud moan escaped from both of them.

She kept pushing, until about half of the 14 inches were buried in Lisa's tight ass. Then she pressed the lube button and made sure to get a nice coating before continuing. Lisa was whimpering, as the monster dildo was making it's way up her ass, but she was really enjoying it.

"You were right about it being tight," Lavagirl said as she was struggling with just moving the dildo. The lube had done it's job though and before long, she was sliding it all the way in and out.

Lisa had her eyes closed and her fists clenched. This was undoubtedly the biggest dildo she had ever been fucked in the ass with and that was saying quite a lot. Just thinking about it almost made her cum and she had to resist the temptation of rubbing her clit. She hadn't gotten permission to do that. She just moaned softly.

Lavagirl got up on her feet, with her knees half bent and grabbed Lisa's waist, as she started to really ram her huge fake cock into Lisa's ass, pounding away. She hadn't been kidding when she said she would do it hard and rough. After a while, she grabbed Lisa's hair with one hand and pulled it back hard as she started smacking the human girls ass with the other, as she was fucking her ass.

"I'm so envious of you, Suki," Lavagirl stammered, sounding out of breath. "You got the best sex slave here, ever!"

Suki grinned, her and Aria had been watching them fuck with great interest, both had their cocks out, stroking them slowly. "Absolutely, she was a good catch," she said with a smile.

With her last scraps of energy, Lavagirl increased the intensity of her fucking, before finally exploding in a huge orgasm that made her entire body shake and shudder, causing the monster dildo to slide out of Lisa's well-fucked ass. Lavagirl collapsed on the carpet, panting and sweating. She pressed one of the buttons on the side of the dildo and it slid out of her pussy.

Lisa was still on all fours, her ass gaping a little from the rough fucking it had just received. She had almost cum as Lavagirl pulled out and was hoping for someone to bring her over the edge. "Mmmm, more please!" she whimpered.

Lavagirl laughed. "I've done all I could and yet she still wants more. Well, she's all yours now Suki, there's no way I can keep her happy," she said with a grin, packed up her stuff and left the room.

Suki was smiling. "Great job Lisa Slave, you just earned us a very profitable deal. I think a little reward is in order," she said, as she got up from her chair and went behind Lisa. "Hmm, pussy or ass. Always such a hard choice with you. I think I'll start with a little ass." She put the tip of her 13 inch, smooth silver rod against Lisa's welcoming asshole. It hadn't closed completely yet after Lavagirls monster dildo visit, but it was still very tight around Suki's huge cock, as she slid inside.

It didn't take long for Lisa to reach her climax, just the sensation of the smoothness making it's way up inside her was enough. She felt Suki grab her waist as she started thrashing about in her orgasm. Suki didn't pay any attention to it, but was just holding on as she started pumping her cock in and out of Lisa's ass.

"Ohh yes, please fuck me harder Mistress!" Lisa was pleading, as she came again and again.

"I think you better help me out here," Suki said, looking at Aria.

"I'd be happy to," Aria said with a smile. She'd been stroking her cock, watching them intently. Now she approached them and kneeled down in front of Lisa, pointing the tip of her rod at Lisa's mouth. "Suck my cock, Lisa Slave!"

Lisa greedily took as much as she could in her mouth and started sucking and slurping on the tasty cock offered to her.

Aria grabbed Lisa's huge tits and squeezed them hard, before pinching the nipples. "That's it Lisa Slave, suck my cock while I play with your sexy tits."

Full of vixxxen cock at both ends, Lisa felt happy, her mind intent on enjoying the moment. As she had gotten used to by now, Suki and Aria had robot-like stamina, their huge cocks pounding in and out of Lisa's mouth and ass for a full hour before pulling out. Suki had shot a few loads of her soothing cum with regular intervals, making sure that Lisa's ass stayed tight and didn't get sore.

"Lets finish off in her pussy," Suki said with a smile directed at Aria.

"Good plan," Aria replied with an evil grin. She sat in one of the chairs, stroking her monster cock as it stood straight up in the air. "Come ride me, Lisa Slave."

Lisa wasted no time, she was so horny she couldn't wait to have her pussy fucked by that lovely vixxxen cock. She lowered herself slowly onto Aria's rod, moaning softly as the silvery smoothness filled her.

Suki came up behind her and struggled getting her cock inside Lisa's pussy, next to Aria's that was already stretching the tight hole. She finally slipped inside and could feel Aria's cock on one side and the wall of Lisa's pussy on the other.

Lisa moaned and whimpered a little when those two monster cocks were filling her hungry pussy.

"Ahh yeah that's the thing right there," Suki said, driving her cock all the way into Lisa. "You like having two cocks in your pussy, don't you Lisa Slave?"

"Mmmm yes Mistress!" Lisa replied, panting. 

Aria had grabbed their slaves huge tits and was using them as a handle to move Lisa up and down on their rods, enjoying the sensation of her cock rubbing up against Suki's inside Lisa's super tight pussy.

They kept double fucking her pussy for at least an hour. They would go from both ramming into her at the same time, to taking turns pushing in and pulling out. Lisa came several times, she had really gotten into having her holes double stuffed.

Simi came into the lounge at that moment and grinned wickedly as she saw the scene unfolding there. "Oh that looks good, can I join you?"

"Of course," Suki replied. "I was just thinking if three cocks would fit in Lisa Slave's pussy. Couldn't that be fun to try?"

Lisa gasped. She felt so tight and stretched with just two, there was no way they could triple fuck her pussy. As she thought about it, a huge orgasm rolled over her. She had to admit, the idea was really turning her on though.

"Definitely," Simi laughed. "If you move forward a little bit Suki, then I think I can get up between you and Aria."

They scrambled around a bit, trying not to get their legs all tangled up. With Lisa riding Aria, Suki was able to straighten her legs a little and move forward a bit, so Simi could get in below her and get to Lisa's pussy, which they were going to try to fuck all of them at once. It seemed impossible, but this human girl possessed some amazingly flexible holes.

Suki sprayed her cum, coating the insides of Lisa's pussy, preparing her for yet another cock to squeeze inside, as Simi started probing and prodding, trying to find an opening. It wasn't as difficult as she thought, as there was a tiny gap between the two cocks already stretching Lisa's tight pussy. She pushed determinedly and watched in awe, as the tip of her cock slipped inside.

Lisa was moaning and whimpering when a mind-blowing orgasm crashed down on her, as she felt the third cock make it's way inside her pussy. She couldn't believe they could fit three monster cocks in her pussy at the same time, but that's just what they were doing.

"Wow, that feels good," Suki said and started slowly fucking Lisa. Simi had gotten all the way in and all three vixxxens started thrusting their cocks in and out of Lisa's incredible pussy. They went slow at first, letting her get used to having her pussy stuffed with three cocks. Or at least as used to it as she could get. Then they gradually built up speed and soon, they were all pounding away.

Sometimes they would synchronise their thrusts, all of them moving in at the same time and other times they would just keep their own pace, enjoying the unique sensation of two other cocks rubbing against their own inside a super tight and hot pussy.

They kept their triple fucking of Lisa's pussy up for two hours, since none of them wanted to stop. It was such an amazing feeling. They had all come inside her at least twice each, but only to keep her well lubricated and tight.

Finally though, even the vixxxens seemed a little tired and when Suki pulled out, the other two followed after. Lisa was gasping as her pussy suddenly felt so empty. She could feel it was gaping open, but it slowly closed and tightened after a few minutes.

Aria got up and put Lisa on her back in the chair and all the vixxxens came up to her and started stroking their huge cocks. It didn't take long for them to explode and shoot load after load, completely covering Lisa and making a puddle underneath her in the chair.

"That was amazing, just when I think she can't be any better, she proves me wrong," Suki said with a laugh.

The other two vixxxens couldn't agree more, as they all left the lounge, going back to work. Lisa fell asleep completely exhausted in the chair, still covered in the sticky goo.

To be continued...