 Lisa followed Suki like a puppy on a leash. If she had been told to bark like a dog, she would have done that too. She had tasted Suki's cum and was now under her spell, completely entranced by this silvery skinned being.

She was led into a large room with soft, pink carpets, the walls were bright pink as well. In the middle of the room was a huge bed. A few other pieces of furniture was scattered around the room, a closet, a few chairs and a strange looking device, kind of a footstool with adjustable, sturdy legs.

"This is your room aboard our ship, Lisa," Suki said. "You will remain in here at all times, unless summoned by us or one of our guests. You will also remain naked, unless specifically told to dress, in which case your outfit will appear in the closet. Do you understand?"

Lisa's eyes gleamed brightly by the opportunity to please her new mistress. "I understand, Mistress."

Suki stroked her hair lovingly, which made Lisa feel extremely happy. "Good slave! You can rest now for a little while, until we introduce you to the rest of the ship's crew." She took the collar off Lisa's neck and hung it on a peg near the door, then smiled at Lisa as she exited the room.

Lisa's head was swirling with emotion. She was confused, happy and horny all at once. Just a few hours ago, she'd been having a perfectly normal day when these two vixxxens boarded her ship and fucked her silly. And now, she was their sex slave, held in a room like an animal. She felt no animosity towards them, she was still under their spell and would remain so, as long as they let her taste their cum every few days.

She lay down on the bed and for the first time, felt how tired she was from all the fucking. It wasn't long before sleep overpowered her and she dreamt of these silvery girls and their massive cocks fucking her every which way.

There were no clocks in her room, so she had no idea how long she had slept for, but she felt well rested when her door suddenly opened and Suki stepped in, still completely naked.

"Hello Lisa, it's time for you to meet the rest of the crew! First we have our navigator Simi, who you know already," Suki said, as Simi stepped inside the room, her silvery skinned body also totally naked.

"Then we have Miki, our doctor." Another silvery skinned girl stepped inside, this one was a bit shorter than both Simi and Suki and had smaller tits too, about a B-cup compared to their D-cups. Like the others, she was naked as well. Lisa was beginning to think the vixxxens hadn't invented clothes yet or just chose not to wear any.

"Our only human crew member and also our engineer, Julie," Suki went on, as the sexiest girl Lisa had ever seen, entered the room. She was about average height, short brown hair and an amazing body, trimmed and toned to perfection with big bouncy tits, not quite as big as Lisa's DD-cups, but every bit as round and firm. Like the vixxxens, she was also naked, except for a tool belt around her waist. She waved and smiled at Lisa.

"And finally Aria, our tactical officer," Suki said, as a tall vixxxen appeared in the doorway. She was slender, with a set of well rounded C-cup tits and slightly longer, silvery hair than the others and of course, she was naked too. She gave Lisa a small, cursory nod.

"Now I'll let you all get better acquainted. I might join you later, but I have a few things to do in the cockpit first. Enjoy our new sex slave girls!" Suki said to her crew (she was the captain on this ship, as Lisa would later learn). "Oh and one last thing, Lisa. You will call us all Mistress Suki, Mistress Simi and so on, everyone on the crew are your mistresses and your only job here is to serve our sexual needs, in whatever way we desire. Is that understood?"

Lisa felt elated and incredibly horny. "Yes Mistress Suki, I'm your slave to be used as you see fit," she purred.

Suki smiled at her, obviously pleased. "Excellent, good slave." She left the room after making a gesture at Lisa to the other girls, announcing their new slave was open for business, so to speak.

Simi was the first to react, walking towards Lisa, as a huge cock grew between her legs, swinging lewdly back and forth each time she took a step. "I'm going to try her pussy, I only got to fuck her in the ass yesterday," she said to the other crew members.

Lisa was sitting on the edge of the bed, when Simi pushed her back and positioned her, so her ass was hanging just over the edge. Then she grabbed Lisa's ankles and spread her legs wide before plunging inside her wet pussy in one, hard thrust. Lisa had been constantly aroused since she arrived, so her tunnel was slick with juices already, making it possible for Simi to get almost all her 12 inches inside in one go. It made her gasp though, she had never been filled that rapidly.

Miki had climbed up onto the bed, a 10 inch cock now between her legs, where her pussy had been only moments before. She grabbed Lisa's head and tilted it back a little, so she could slide her cock between her lips and inside their slaves mouth. "Ahhh, nice soft mouth on this one," she said, as Lisa started slurping away at this new intruder.

Julie had climbed onto the bed as well and was busy licking at Lisa's clit, while Simi pounded her massive cock in and out of their pets sloppy pussy. Lisa got a closer look at the other human girls tool belt and realized it wasn't filled with tools, but held all kinds of dildos, vibrators, anal plugs and tubes of lube.

Aria was on her other side now and started sucking on Lisa's tits, twisting and pinching the nipples with her silvery fingers. It wasn't long before she started slapping them too, from side to side. "Mmmm you have nice titties slave! I will look forward to abusing them all night," Aria said. Her voice was a little cooler than the other vixxxens.

Julie laughed. "Ahh that's Aria alright. She likes to play rough Lisa, but don't worry. You'll love it. I know I do!" She winked at Aria.

Lisa was too busy focusing on the cocks thrusting in and out of her mouth and pussy to worry about her tits getting spanked. She writhed on the bed, but Simi's strong grip around her ankles prevented her from moving much. Miki had grabbed her wrists and held her arms out to each side, as she was fucking her mouth.

These girls were like robots, Lisa thought. They just kept going and going with an impressively fast rhythm and she felt her orgasms roll over her, one after the other, until it felt like one long orgasm.

"I want to fuck her ass now," Miki said and pulled out of Lisa's mouth and released the grip on her wrists.

"Me too. We'll just have to take turns," Simi grinned and flipped Lisa over on her stomach, while she was still impaled on the vixxxens huge rod. Then she pulled out and stepped aside, so Miki could go first.

Julie scooted up at the head of the bed and started tongue kissing Lisa. "I'm so happy they got a human slave this time, I really missed a hot girl like you. Not that my friends here are bad in the sack, far from it. I'm just a sucker for a nice tan and they don't tan," she giggled.

"Hey Julie, toss me some of that lube. You human girls have such tight asses and I don't want to hurt our new slave.. at least not on her first day," Miki grinned.

"Oh yeah Lisa, Miki's an ass addict, as I'm sure you'll find out in the next few weeks," Julie laughed and plucked a tube of lube from her belt and threw it to Miki, who started applying it to her sizeable cock and Lisa's tight back door.

"That's true, there's nothing like a nice, tight ass," Miki said and started pushing her rod inside the tempting little hole in front of her. It wasn't long before she had a good rhythm going and a firm grip around Lisa's waist.

Lisa's moans were muffled by Julie's tongue, as the two girls were kissing passionately.

Aria was behind Julie now and was licking the engineer's pussy with that long, flexible tongue all the vixxxens seemed to be blessed with.

It was Simi's turn to fuck Lisa's ass now and she just rammed all of her monster cock inside as soon as Miki pulled out, thrusting in and out even faster than the shorter vixxxen had done, making loud slapping noises as her hips smacked into Lisa's toned ass.

"This ass is so good. I'm going to come by every day after work and fuck you in the ass Lisa, I'm definitely joining Miki's team," Simi laughed. She did a few more deep thrusts, then pulled out and let Miki have another turn.

Behind Julie, Aria closed her eyes and concentrated for a second, and a huge cock grew between her legs, bigger than any Lisa had ever seen. It was easily 14 inches long and 3 wide. 

Julie looked back over her shoulder and smiled her sexy smile up at Aria. "You freak, what are you going to do with that big thing?" she teasingly asked the tall vixxxen.

"Oh you know where it goes," Aria grinned and put the tip of her ridiculously big cock at the entrance to Julie's pussy. Slowly she pushed forwards, sliding inch after inch inside.

Julie completely lost it and went into orgasmic overdrive, writhing and squirming on Aria's enormous rod. It was not the first time she had been fucked by that giant thing though, she and Aria had been lovers for the past several months, so she knew she could handle it.

The two vixxxens fucking Lisa had picked up the pace and were now vigorously pumping their cocks in and out of her still tight ass. They would do 50 strokes each, then pull out and let the other continue and it seemed to go on forever. Lisa just lay there, slumped across the edge of the bed while they plowed her ass. Julie was still sucking on her tongue, even as Aria held her arms behind her back and was ramming that enormous cock in her pussy.

Meanwhile, Suki was watching all the action on a monitor in the cockpit and was masturbating herself to one orgasm after the other. She decided to turn up the heat a little, so after a press of a button, an invisible, odorless aphrodisiac was released into the air circulation in Lisa's room and it didn't take long for the effects to set in.

"Her ass is still really tight, but it's loosening up. What should we do about it?" Simi asked Miki.

"Hmm, how about letting Aria fill her pussy while we continue in her ass? That should tighten her up again nicely," Miki said with an evil grin.

"Ohh, good idea, lets do that!" Simi said with a lusty voice.

Lisa gasped and whimpered. Having seen Aria's oversized cock, something told her it would be a very tight fit indeed, but every shred of reason went out the window, as the room gradually filled up with the aphrodisiac Suki had started pumping in. She just felt so horny that she would have panicked and cried if they stopped fucking her.

Apparently, Aria thought it was a great idea as well as she had pulled out of Julie and lay down on the bed on her back, her enormous dong sticking straight up, swaying slightly like a skyscraper in the wind.

That was the most beautiful thing Lisa had seen all day and before Simi could order her to mount the skyscraper, she was already working it inside her pussy, carefully lowering herself down on this rigid, yet oddly soft and slick pole. She wasn't quite sure how, but she somehow managed to get it all the way inside her and was now sitting on top of Aria, a 14 inch cock buried in her pussy. Her brain told her that was impossible, but yet here she was.

It didn't take long at all before Aria was giving her tits another spanking, slapping them back and forth. It was obviously something the tall vixxxen enjoyed doing.

A hand was on her back, as Miki pushed her forwards a little and then she felt a familiar pressure against her tight back door as the short, silvery girl pushed her cock inside Lisa's ass yet again. The friction was unbelievable and she immediately came in a huge orgasm.

"Wow yes, now she's really tight, I can barely move in here," Miki said as she grabbed the lube and applied another generous amount all over her and Simi's cocks and inside Lisa's ass. Then she resumed her rapid assfucking of their new slave and she and Simi again took turns, 50 deep thrusts each, then they switched.

Julie straddled Aria's face and lowered her pussy onto the vixxxens mouth, as she took over spanking Lisa's tits. "You have sexy tits Lisa, I really like them. I only had mine made as D-cups, but seeing yours, I think I'll have them enlarged next time we dock. Maybe I'll get an E or F-cup."

Lisa just moaned, her mind seemed like being in the middle of a fireworks display, exquisite sensations exploding all around her as she was so well and truly being fucked.

Finally, Miki and Simi's stamina seemed to have run out and when Miki pulled out after giving her the last of her 50 thrusts, Simi didn't immediately jump in to fill her ass back up, but instead she ran her tongue around Lisa's slightly distended hole.

"You did great Lisa, your ass is definitely on my top 3 of all time," Miki smiled. "I'll definitely come back and fuck it more later.. when Simi isn't already here that is," both girls giggled.

"Now it's time for your reward," Simi said and helped Lisa up. She had to pull the dazed girl all the way off Aria's monster cock, Lisa's legs were way too shaky to do it on her own. Aria moved out of the way and Lisa was placed on her back on the middle of the bed, the three vixxxens surrounding her, lazily stroking their silvery rods. Julie was on her knees and placed her thighs on either side of Lisa's head, holding it in place.

Lisa looked from one vixxxen to the other and knew they were about to shoot their sweet cum all over her face, so she opened her mouth wide in anticipation.

Simi came first, shooting several thick ropes of cum on Lisa's tits, then aimed higher and splattered the blondes face with her sticky load. Lisa quickly swallowed all the cum that landed in her mouth and then greedily licked her lips to get all she could reach with her tongue. Vixxxen girls could apparently shoot a lot more cum than any male human she had ever been with, as her entire left side of her face was covered in the creamy goo, as well as most of her huge tits. Not only did they shoot more cum, it tasted a lot better as well. Simi's had a hint of pineapple and peaches, she couldn't wait to taste the others to see if it was just as good.

Miki was next with an even bigger load than Simi's, it covered Lisa's tits completely in a second layer and the rest she aimed at their slaves open mouth, who tried to swallow, but soon it just overflowed and ran down her cheeks to pool behind her neck. Lisa gulped it down as fast as she could, like she hadn't eaten anything all day (which of course, she hadn't). Miki's cum tasted more like banana and she just couldn't get enough of it. When Miki had finally stopped cumming in her mouth and Lisa had swallowed all of it, she let their slave lick her cock clean, before it retracted into a beautiful silvery pussy again.

Julie was holding Lisa's hair out of the way as the vixxxens sprayed her with cum, her thighs sticky with all the tasty goo that had missed Lisa's face. "Be ready for the big load," she whispered to Lisa, as Aria was stroking her 14 inch rod, using both hands and still having some difficulty. The tall vixxxen aimed at her tits first, giving them another good coating before moving on to her face, which she covered completely in her thick, strawberry flavored cum. Lisa did all she could to swallow as much of it as possible, relishing in the tasty goodness.

When Aria was done, the vixxxens all smiled at her and went back to work, as Julie leaned down and kissed Lisa on her sticky cheek. "You did great babe, you better get some rest now. I think they'll be back for more soon," she grinned. "You can leave the cum on you by the way, it acts as the best skin care lotion you can get. I better get back to work too, see you soon!" She gave Lisa another kiss and stood up, rubbing all the cum on her thighs into her skin, then waved at Lisa and returned to work.

Lisa felt completely exhausted and unable to move a muscle as she just lay there on her back, sore all over, but feeling incredible. It wasn't long before she dozed off, imagining all the fun she would have with these girls. She couldn't wait till her door would open again and someone would come and use her, just like the slave she was so happy to be.

To be continued...