 A firm hand gripped November by the arm and she was led through the spacious Santiago Complex in silence. She expected the man's home to be among the more lavish and extravagant residences on the Jovis V station, but this meant nothing to her now. Once she'd been a spy, a top-notch intelligence officer, unflappable, ready for anything, always prepared. Now she was a slave. Her new owner had wished her eyes removed and removed they had been, replaced with unseeing balls of glass. Now November walked in the dark, lost without her guide, her warden.

They stopped. November heard an electric door in front of them, then there was breathing and walking, the shuffling of fabric, the signs of life, of people. She was shoved carelessly and the hand let go. Alone in the blackness, she stumbled, greeted by the smell of wood and perfume.

'New girl,' explained the warden.

The electrical door buzzed once more and the man's calm, controlled breathing was gone from November's world.

'Hello?' she staggered forwards, hands stretched out in front of her.

Fingers brushed up against her shoulder and she whirled around.

'Whoa calm down,' a female voice said and pulled back her hand.

'Is she jumpy?' another voice, higher, more youthful.

'What's your name, new girl?' asked the first voice.

November thought about her names. She thought about her cover, Ada the farm girl, and about her codename, 0X11 November, she thought about her captor, Irene, the slaver and about her partner, Bravo. Irene had given her a single, tiny chance and it would take everything in her arsenal to make use of it, it would take a master spy, a ruthless infiltrator.

'I'm November,' she said.

'Nice meeting you, November, I'm Coleen,' her hand was on November's shoulder again, felt its way down to her hand before grasping it.

'Y-you're blind?' November realised.

'And so are you, I expect,' she said calmly.

'Yes...'

'Don't worry,' Coleen laughed. 'You'll find it is quite common around here.'

'Yup,' the second voice chimed in. 'I'm Sady, blind as a bat.'

'Ah... hello,' November hesitated. 'Around here?'

'Do you know where you are?' asked Coleen.'

November listened. Absolutely anybody could be watching at all times and she had no way of knowing, not ever.

'Master's home,' she said.

'That's right. Sady and I are slaves just like you, these are our quarters. You can move freely here, you know, once you've gotten used to getting around without your eyes. Let me show you around.'

'What?'

She pulled her by the arm through the room. November thought the floors had to be carpeted from their muffled steps and judging by how far they walked, it was a large room with a lot of empty space. Coleen stopped in front of tables and chairs and, guiding November's hand, let her feel the furniture one piece after another. They did the same with cupboards, wardrobes and an enormous metal-frame bed.

'One bed?' November asked.

'Yeah, don't worry, it's plenty big, even if it's three of us now.'

The quarters were all one room except for the bath, which was separated by a second mechanical door. Unlike the entrance, this one opened as soon as they approached. November didn't have to ask about the entrance. It was going to remain closed unless the master wanted it open.

The bath was spacious as well and a strong flowery scent wafted over her as she entered. The sink and shower seemed ordinary enough, though the bathtub was huge and little jets lined the smooth porcelain. A strange sensation came over November as she envisaged living together with these women.

'How long have you two lived here?'

They were sat around the table, November's head still spinning with all the discoveries she'd made. Gathering information was everything now, though being unable to keep any sort of record was frustrating.

'Hard to say, we don't have watches or calendars or anything,' Coleen explained. 'I'm here longer than Sady, though. You tried to keep count, didn't you, Sady.'

'I gave up after about a month. Time doesn't matter so much, here. Master doesn't really schedule his visits.'

'He always comes here? I mean, he doesn't take us anywhere else?'

'Sometimes he does, has one of his employees escort us somewhere, even out of the apartment. He brought me to the casino once,' there was pride in Sady's voice, November thought.

'Rarely,' said Coleen. 'He prefers us in here, I think.'

They were interrupted by one of Santiago's men, an employee as the slaves called them. Coleen quickly shushed and neither she nor Sady said a word.

'Got your dinner,' was all the man said.

For a few minutes, the room was filled with the clinking and clanking of cutlery and plates, of glasses and beakers. The slaves waited patiently and quietly until everything was set up and didn't touch their food until they heard the doors again.

'We don't eat or talk in the presence of our betters unless they tell us otherwise,' Coleen said afterward.

November groped for her cutlery but decided to inspect her food first. She was starving, but at the same time suspicious. With her fingers, she felt salad leaves, sweetcorn, cucumber and tomatoes. There was dry meat, smelling like chicken or turkey, and a single slice of bread. With no dressing or sauce, it was an uninspired meal at best. To drink, they had water and Coleen rather impressively poured it from a beaker, seemingly spilling nothing. November had been a strong, hefty woman of, as she saw it, not inconsiderable substance. She was used to a protein heavy menu and was in no way looking forward to wasting away on a supermodel's lackluster diet. It was just one more reason to leave this place behind as soon as possible.

The slaves seemed well cared for and the employees didn't just come and go at mealtimes. They brought fresh towels, changed their bedding, provided clothing and took away dirty laundry all at regular, predictable intervals. With so many things done for her, November could focus on what was important. She had to become better at doing things blind or there was no way she could enact any sort of plan. Every day she practised just by going through a routine, and every day she realised anew that she wasn't going to master this new existence overnight. Though she put on a confident facade, she struggled everywhere. She fumbled and dropped things, spilled water and had jabbed herself in the cheek with her toothbrush. It was only with the constant help of the other girls that she managed at all and even they could not alleviate the permanent tension that had her constantly strung like a bow.

November wasn't used to being this uncertain of everything. Being blind was as though the entire world had suddenly gained an impossible advantage on her, a magical power of gaining information that she lacked. She didn't know, couldn't possibly ever know who was around her at any given time, had still no idea if there were cameras in their room, not to mention if anyone had discovered her secret. Showering was the worst. Suddenly she was without sight and without hearing. Every few seconds, she was forced to stop the water and listened with her back to the wall, knowing full well she wouldn't hear a thing, nor even recognise the sound in time, even if danger approached.

She hadn't dared to move Irene's blade and kept it clenched firmly between her bottom cheeks at all times. She didn't trust the girls or the walls. Whenever she went to the lavatory, she made sure to be as discreet as possible, hiding the little knife under her palm and then her thigh until she could put it safely back in place.

On the fourth day, or rather after she'd gone to sleep three times, November was going to meet her new owner. An employee announced that she alone was going to be required for an introductory session and she was escorted wordlessly through the building once more.

He'd brought along an outfit for the evening and waited patiently until she'd changed in front of him. It was demeaning, but at the same time, she was grateful that the other slaves never felt inclined to help her get dressed. Clumsy and slow though she was, she could at least keep her weapon concealed. As far as she could tell, November was wearing all latex, on top a tight leotard with ridiculous cleavage and below a pair of boots that reached all the way up to her thighs. She struggled to pull the material up across her arms and to push her legs through the boots for several minutes, grunting and huffing all the while and it wasn't until it came to zipping up in the back that the employee provided assistance. Finally and to her great surprise, he applied a heavy dose of makeup, lipstick and eyeshadow it felt like as well as rouge. She wondered how specific Santiago's instructions had been.

Long before they had even reached their destination, November could hear the music and felt the vibrations of the heavy bass wash over her body. She clenched her teeth. If she was taken to some sort of casino or night club she would be utterly helpless. She hadn't planned on making her move this early, but she knew that if her knife was discovered she was dead or worse.

Unsurprisingly, they walked straight towards the discordant melodies and soon they overpowered just about everything else. She could still make out heavy, chaotic footsteps, which could well have been dancing as well as smells ranging from sickly sweet sodas to alcoholic beverages to unmistakeably puke and piss. The man let go and November was alone in the empty nothingness, the heavy beats raining down on her mercilessly. Panicked, she cowered down, but two hands took her by the shoulders. Raucous laughter and she was pushed along, people shoved past her, and it was all she could do not to scream. Finally, the hands pressed down and she was forced onto a cushiony leather seat.

To her surprise, the music suddenly went down in volume at the same time as she heard one of the familiar door slides. Had she been brought to some private booth or maybe a room in the back specifically designed for illicit liaisons?

'Got yourself a new toy, Esteban?' asked a gruff male voice. 'Looks a peach.'

There were steps and fingers grabbed her face and smooshed it. She could smell wine on the man's breath and felt herself gag.

'Again with the eyes, fucking weirdo.'

'I prefer eccentric,' said another voice, male as well, but sounding much younger, smoother.

This man seemed to be sitting next to her on some sort of sofa. He took her hand and touched it lightly with his lips.

'Esteban Santiago, a pleasure to meet you. Do you know who I am?'

'Yes, you are the master.'

'Very good and may I introduce, Ralph Waters, a... business associate of mine, and his own, charming slave, Savannah. Why don't you tell us your name now.'

'I-it's November.'

Waters laughed again.

'She doesn't seem so feisty. This really the one that kicked Southerner over?'

'November?' Santiago asked.

'Yes, master, that was me,' she waited. 'I'm very sorry.'

They roared with laughter.

'Imagine the fat pig on the floor, all scared of the wee, little slave!' Waters shouted and someone stamped his feet.

November found it surprisingly easy to fantasise about ripping his tongue out, even without knowing what the man looked like.

'Oh I think you are just the right amount of feisty,' Santiago's finger traced the outline of her breast and November winked.

She hoped she was being seductive, that her face was turned in Santiago's direction and that her glass eyes hadn't made the whole thing creepy. 

'Don't go getting distracted, man,' Waters snarled. 'I'm still gonna need you to help me out.'

'Sorry, Ralph, I really don't want to get mixed up in this, not to mention that I have a business to run here on Jovis.'

'Come on, you've got a small army taking care of this place.' 

'Quite and they have need of their commander.' 

'Oh fine, but I'm telling you, you're missing out. It's all just there, rife for the taking.'

'True, but it's hardly a secret. Pirates and mercenaries, heck, even governments are all gonna be coming after the scraps. Even if you're the first, you'll have your share of losses.'

'Bah, what's life without a little risk?'

'Long?'

'Whatever, I'll get back to you soon as I'm sitting on my literal mountain of stardust.'

'Well, I hardly expected anything else from you.'

Glasses clinked and November could hear their glugging in stereo. 

'Come on, Savannah, let's give the boy some privacy. I think he wants to play with his pet.'

'Yes, master.'

'Oh just get out of here,' Santiago laughed.

As the pair left, the music swelled once again drowning out all other noise. November felt numb, her body nearly limp with shock. She had recognised Savannah's voice.

'You really are a beauty,' Santiago said once he was audible. 'Would you like a drink? We really only have vodka, but it's good stuff or so I'm told.'

'November? Please, reply when you are addressed.'

'Y-yes! Vodka sounds very nice, master, thank you very much, master.'

She heard him pour the liquid. His grasp was gentle as he guided her trembling hand. The glass felt heavy, crystal, she thought. Usually, she'd have tried to evaluate its potential as a weapon, but at the moment, all she could think of was the alcohol. Still, she waited.

'Go ahead, drink.'

He clinked his glass against hers.

'Salud.'

She emptied her glass and for a moment, the sharp taste overpowered her senses.

'Your new home is to your liking, I presume.'

'Yes, master, it's very, uh, comfortable.'

'And you're getting along with my other girls.'

He wasn't asking any questions, it was like a script or a checklist they had to go through.

'Yes, they're very nice.' 

She wondered if they were alone now. 

'Master,' she added.

They probably were. He'd wanted Waters to leave, so he had to, in some way, value his privacy.

He brushed her cheek and his thumb stroked her brow. Then, he moved down. Instinctively, November closed her eyes.

'Shh, open up. Let me see.'

She did. The blind balls of glass were unfeeling, but his touch put pressure on the very inside of her socket and sent shivers down her spine.

'Beautiful. Do you know what they look like?' he asked, a true question this time. 

'N-no, master.'

'White, pure, clean as the driven snow, as the soul of man. This ugly world is no longer any concern of yours, only pleasure.'

She considered it admirable restraint that she didn't, at this point, tell him to cut out his own bloody eyeballs then.

'Here,' he said and once more moved her hands. 'See my body as bare as only someone like you can.'

This seemed to be a metaphor of sorts, as Santiago's body was unmistakeably covered, covered in expensive fabric. A suit, she surmised from the silky tie, the cuffs, the buttons. His jacket was open and through the shirt, November felt his toned physique. She hardly detected body fat at all, nothing but muscle and sinew. Perhaps, the slaves simply shared the same diet as their owner.

He seemed inclined to wait for a reaction and November knew she had to pull herself together now.

'You are beautiful, master, truly.'

She'd found his bulging biceps, and cursed internally. This might turn out even more difficult than she had originally expected.

He kissed her forehead and pressed down on her shoulders.

'Assume your position now, show me your place, go on.'

'Yes, master.'

November groped for the table and used it to slide off the sofa onto the hard, sticky floor. Latex rubbed on latex as she bent her legs into a kneeling position. She lowered her head as though looking down and held her hands behind her back.

'Very good. Now, demonstrate to me your abilities. Give me all of your love and all of my pleasure.'

On her knees, she shuffled towards his voice. Her hands found his firm thighs and taut buttocks and dutifully, she began to caress him.

'Mmmh,' he sounded content.

November was fumbling with a large belt when he suddenly brushed her hair. She shuddered, though his touch was soft. She felt images or letters carved into his belt's buckle, but she couldn't even begin to tell what they were. Finally, she understood the mechanism, and her fingers hovered over the release. She lifted her head, trying to face Santiago's general direction and gave him a hungry, eager smile.

'May I, master?' she rubbed her head against his crotch and through his trousers, felt his hard member.

She bit it gently and he squealed with delight.

'Minx! Please, go on.'

With a click, the buckle opened, then came the button and the zipper. Santiago smelled clean, of soap and fabric softener. She kissed him, felt him twitch and heard a sharp intake of breath from above. His hands, still on her head, became tense for just a moment. Forcefully, she pulled trousers and pants down to expose her owner. Kissing a shaven thigh, she made her way up, further and further. Her lips brushed the base of his shaft. She could feel no pubes, only soft skin and bulging veins. She ran her tongue along his length while deft fingers tickled his balls. His leg trembled and November giggled as if she thought his flustered reaction charming.

She opened her mouth and took him inside of her, just the tip, tasting his sweat and inhaling his scent. He took her by the back of the neck and pulled her in and filled with all of himself, pushed his manhood deeper. November coughed and sputtered and he stopped, but only for a few seconds. As soon as the slave had caught her breath he pulled again and thrust and invaded her even further. She felt him at the back of her throat, gagged and breathed shallow breaths through her nose. Saliva trickled onto her chin and her mouth felt dry when he would finally relent, and allow her another breath.

'There's a good girl, such endurance,' he wiped spit from her face. 'I think I'm in the mood for a happy ending now.'

Immediately, she leaned forwards and in the darkness, felt for his penis again. She grasped it with both hands. Her spit had lubricated it well and she stroked it easily, went up and down faster and faster and could hear him moaning already when she took it in her mouth again.

'Ah,' he made as the warm wet lips enveloped him, as she sucked fervently on his rigid cock, pulsating wildly.

If he'd tried to hold himself back, to prolong his pleasure, he soon gave up and with a deep grunt and a violent thrust, he shot his load. November tasted it, hot and salty, and suppressing all of her reflexes she doubled down and sucked every last drop from him and swallowed in a single audible gulp. She could feel him writhe in agony, but still, she licked him clean and kissed the sensitive head.

The tension had gone from Santiago's body and November had laid her head on his thigh. More liquid was poured and she could hear him sigh happily after taking a sip. She wondered how far she should take her charade. 

Eagerly, she pulled on his jacket.

'Master,' she bit her lip. 'Did you like, master?'

'Why yes, dear, you were excellent,' he stroked her under the chin. 'I'm very pleased and see, now we've both had a drink.'

He laughed raucously. November imagined him choking on his own blood after she'd slit his throat and gave him her broadest smile.