 Day 91 of Experiment 

Galapagos Class Shuttle Assigned to Space Station Epsilon 53

A social scientist named Gihren stared at a monitor for a few moments before he looked out the window to his left. The shuttle had been circling Epsilon 53 for the past 70 days. 

The shuttle would return home after a 12 hour flight that took it from the nearby Space Station Epsilon 54. Most of the flight consisted of the shuttle orbiting Epsilon 53 while the scientists on board gathered data that the AI gathered.

They were looking for overall stress levels of the inhabitants, number of hours worked, number of hours spent asleep and so forth. They could drill into the data on an individual basis or could get averages of the miniature society as a whole. 

So far things were looking wonderful. The group of inhabitants as a whole were performing splendidly. They worked as a group. They interacted well with one another. They increased their skill sets by attending classes on board the station, and they seemed to remain focused on improving their little society overall.

But something in the data had caught Gihren's eye. He drilled into the vitals of a specific inhabitant. 

Jasmine had just exited the Relief Station and yet her stress levels were still high. 

Gihren rewound the footage of Jasmine inside the Relief Station. He brought up her heart rate and a few other key stats while the Relief Station vibrated and massaged her genitals. Her heart rate rose and her breathing increased to a beautiful crescendo, indicating she had reached a climax. 

Yet moments afterwards her stress level seemed higher than ever as she exited the Relief Station. 

Another scientist stooped over Gihren's shoulder.

"Everything all right here?" 

Gihren shook his head. 

"I think we have our first anomaly."

"What makes you think she is straying from the experiment's parameters?"

"Well, this inhabitant doesn't seem to be responding to visits to the relief station."

"Do we need to adjust her treatment while she is inside the booth?"

"I don't think so. Readings indicate she is having top notch releases while inside the relief station, often 4 or 5 in a single visit. The problem is moments after she leaves the booth her tension levels shoot right back up to an alarming level."

"Well, I would love to tell you to intervene but I'm afraid it wouldn't be much of an experiment if we did. We can't remove her. That would just further botch our data. Monitor her closely. Let me know if any other inhabitants start to exhibit the same symptoms."

Jasmine stumbled out of the relief station. It had been her third visit this week. The Artificial Intelligence named Epsilon had been sending her to the Relief Station every day after work now. 

Not only that but it seemed as if the "treatments" she received inside the booth were getting more and more intense. She had "Released" so hard this visit that she was wishing she had waited a little while before she had put her clothes back on and left. Her legs felt like two long hefty bags full of jell-O. 

And yet already her mind was craving more. As she made her way to her apartment she already felt herself getting anxious. 

She didn't want to spend the night in her apartment by herself. She hated sitting in her tiny living area watching her entertainment box. There was nothing very entertaining about it. It usually just transmitted programs about her job and how to perform better.

She reached her building and started to walk up the stairs. As she reached the narrow hallway that led to her room she noticed foot steps behind her. Her neighbor, Angeline was walking up the stairs behind her.

"Hey Angeline." Jasmine said.

"Oh, hey." 

"You seem to be calling it an early night as well, huh?"

Angeline wrinkled her brow. "Well, of course Jasmine. It's the end of my social time. I have to report to my living area and get some rest."

Jasmine looked Angeline up and down. She was slightly shorter than Jasmine with a slim yet slightly curvy build. Her hips were well proportioned with her strong athletic legs and her waist sloped inward and then outward again to her C sized breasts. Her brown hair was short and fell just below her ears but somehow the haircut seemed to cause her large brown eyes to appear even bigger than they actually were.

Jasmine jerked her attention back up to Angeline's face.

"I uh, guess I just didn't get enough social time today. Could I come sit with you for a little while?"

Angeline's face turned to look at the ground.

"I guess so. I've never seen any of the other inhabitants inside each other's living quarters."

The floating holographic face of Epsilon appeared in between the two women.

"It is not recommended that inhabitants occupy the same living area. I suggest the two of you return to your separate dormitories and get some rest."

"I'm not really tired Epsilon. I promise I won't cause any trouble in Angeline's apartment."

The hologram turned static for a second and then blinked back into a clear image of the face the inhabitants had grown to know as their only authority on board the Space Station.

"I cannot prevent you from entering each other's living areas but for your own personal health I do not recommend it."

Angeline looked at Jasmine with a panicked expression. 

"Jasmine, maybe you should just go back to your dorm."

Jasmine's face fell. She did not want to be alone tonight and she could see her opportunity fading away.

"I really need to talk to you about something Angeline. I will only be a minute."

She walked quickly past the floating holographic head of Epsilon and brushed past Angeline as well. She ducked into Angeline's apartment before she could even open her own door. The apartments on Epsilon 53 only locked once the inhabitant assigned to it was inside and winding down for the night.

Angeline walked reluctantly into the apartment behind Jasmine.

"Um, what did you need to talk about Jazz?"

Jasmine stood there in front of Angeline thinking about how she was going to approach this topic. 

She flipped her long red hair as she turned the issue over and over in her head. She sat down on the couch so as to appear less aggressive to her fellow inhabitant.

"What do you think about most of the day?"

"I'm not sure what you are asking."

"What keeps you going from day to day? What are you working towards here on Epsilon 53?"

"The well-being of the Station. That's what I am working towards."

"Yes but what are you trying to accomplish personally."

"The same thing I said before. Others like us that are not on this station are depending on us to prove we can live here and be successful."

"Then what makes you happy?"

Angeline thought for a moment. "Well, I do enjoy my visits to the Relief Station. I also enjoy social time with the other inhabitants."

Knowing full well that she was going to cause another intervention from Epsilon, Jasmine went ahead and asked anyway. "What happens to you inside the Relief Station?"

Angeline's face turned bright red as the holographic floating head appeared in the middle of the dorm room.

"Inhabitants should not discuss what happens inside the Relief Station."

"Oh Epsilon, Why don't you just disappear?!!" Jasmine cried.

To her surprise the hologram fizzled out of existence right before their very eyes.

Angeline looked over at Jasmine in disbelief. 

"I didn't know you could do that."

"Me neither." Jasmine said. She hardly cared about what had just happened with the AI. She leaned forward and asked Angeline again.

"What happens to you inside the Relief Station? I am dying to know. I want to know if the same thing that happens to me happens to everyone else."

Angeline's face was still blushing. "Well, I take off my clothes."

"Yeah." Jasmine said moving closer to Angeline.

"I lay down on the table inside the booth. And this little metal ball starts to vibrate and move around on this part of my body." Angeline pointed between her legs as she said this. She was standing in the middle of the floor in front of Jasmine at this point.

"What else happens?" Jasmine said. She had already gotten to her feet and was unknowingly moving closer to Angeline.

"Uh, well, I, uh I guess this other thing sort of moves in between my legs. It's not a little round ball though, it is more like a long metal thing and it...well it..."

"Does it slide inside of you?"

Angeline sank away from Jasmine into an easy chair across from the couch Jasmine had been sitting on. She turned her face so that she didn't have to look at Jasmine as she answered.

"Yes, it goes inside of me. And it vibrates as well. It makes me feel so good that I feel like I reach a point that I can't possibly feel any better. Then all at once my body starts to shake and I can't control myself. I start to push myself against the vibrating devices as if it will cause the feelings to get more intense, and yet they are so intense already that I can hardly stand it. Then it all stops."

Jasmine dropped to her knees in front of Angeline. "The very same thing happens to me. Next question."

Angeline slowly turned her head back so that she could look into Jasmine's eyes.

"What do you think everyone looks like underneath their jump suits?"

Angeline's eyes grew wide as she thought about this question.

Angeline and Jasmine stood inside her tiny bedroom. Both of them were wearing their standard issue Space Station jumpsuits and they each faced each other and were about 6 feet apart. 

They each began to unzip their jumpsuits from their necks down to their crotch. As they finished unzipping they each slid their arms out of the suits and allowed the coveralls to drop to the ground around their feet.

Each of them wore a pair of plain white panties and a white bra that used space age materials to provide the support that each girl needed.

"Do we take these off too?" Angeline asked.

"Only if you want to." Jasmine said sliding her bra over the top of her head. Already she was starting to get the same feeling she got whenever she first stepped into the Relief Room.

Angeline slipped her bra over her head as well and the two girls hooked their thumbs into the waistband of their own panties and bent over to drop them to the floor. 

Angeline stared at Jasmine's naked body. She couldn't believe how beautiful she was standing there without her jumpsuit on. Angeline could feel her own body beginning to moisten as she thought about something besides a cold metal ball touching her skin.

"Well, it looks like there isn't a whole lot of difference in our bodies. But why do you think they keep us separate from the inhabitants that don't have, um, these." Angeline pointed at her breasts.

"I don't know. There has to be a difference in our bodies that they don't want us to know about."

The two girls looked at each other. "Who do you think THEY are?" Jasmine asked.

"I guess they are people like us that want to see if we can survive as a group."

"Or maybe it is just Epsilon that is watching us."

"My next question is, do we need the Relief Station to get a release? Maybe we could just get one from each other."

Angeline looked a little embarrassed. "To be honest, up until just now, I never thought of getting a release from anything other than the Relief Station."

"Should we see if we can get the same results that we do from the booth?"

They both seemed to turn in unison towards Angeline's bed. 

Gihren grasped two handfuls of his hair and began to pull outwards from his scalp. He had to do something. The whole experiment was going to shit right before his very eyes. 

He wanted to bring it to someone's attention but he was so turned on by what he was seeing that he couldn't get up from his work space. His own cock pressed hard against his jump suit and it was obvious he had an erection even while he was sitting down. 

He bit his lip and continued to watch the monitor in front of him. Data on each woman was floating next to their bodies like stats on a sports news channel. 

Each woman's heartrate was steadily rising. Both of their body temperatures rose slightly and their breathing seemed to quicken.

Angeline sat down on the bed. "Lay down on your back like you do in the Relief Station. Keep your feet up near your buttocks and open your legs so I can touch you more easily." She said to Jasmine.

Jasmine did as she was instructed and Angeline scooted over so that she was sitting next to Jasmine's hips on the bed. She turned so that she had her right arm facing Jasmine's body and her own torso was facing Jasmine's feet. 

Then she leaned over the other inhabitant's tummy so that she had good access to what was below her waist. With her rib cage resting on Jasmine's mid-section, Angeline had both hands free to touch Jasmine however she pleased.

She started with a slight experiment.

"My fingers don't vibrate, but I can try rubbing circles around this part of you like the little metal ball does."

Jasmine was already intoxicated by the closeness and comfort of having another person's warmth pressing against her. She could feel Angeline breathing and the smoothness of her skin pressed against her stomach made her feel more complete than she ever had before.

"I don't care what you do. It already feels amazing just having another person close to me."

Angeline smiled at this statement as she reached down with her pointer finger on her right hand. She pressed the pad of her finger into the soft smooth flesh of Jasmine's outer labia. 

She felt Jasmine draw in a breath underneath her as her hand first touched her. She began to drag her fingertip in a clockwise motion just as the metal ball in the booth had done to her.

Angeline's fingers were so soft and warm compared to the cold metal of the devices in the Relief Station. Just the feeling of a new more comfortable touch was starting to heighten Jasmine's arousal level. 

Angeline noticed that Jasmine was built much like she was. She had never really touched herself down there out of fear Epsilon would appear and scold her. 

Now she noticed that Jasmine had large outer lips between her legs that were bordered by smaller inner folds that all seemed to frame a small protrusion at the top of the whole flower-bloom looking arrangement. 

At the bottom she could see a slight pink opening that glistened with moisture as she continued to stroke her fingers across all of it.

The folds seemed to grow larger in size as her finger pressed into them again and again and already Jasmine was beginning to moan softly.

Angeline couldn't help but press her finger into the moisture that was now dripping out of Jasmine. She remembered that the little vibrating ball was usually slick against her skin as it touched her and she felt it would only heighten Jasmine's pleasure if she could get her finger slick as well. 

Angeline took both of her hands and grasped each of the pairs of labia between Jasmines legs and began to roll them between her thumb and fore finger. Jasmine's body shook beneath her and Angeline quickly tried to think of something else to do to keep her partner on track towards a release. 

She remembered how the little ball had come to rest on the top part of her own crotch and how the vibrations focused in that spot seemed to take her over the edge. 

She moved her right pointer finger up to what was Jasmine's clitoral hood. She of course didn't know what it was called but she knew it was the most sensitive part of her own body and she wanted to push Jasmine to a release.

Her left hand moved down to the opening where she remembered the long cylinder usually slid in when she was in the booth. Her middle finger slipped inside Jasmine easily and she began to stroke against the top of her vagina. 

Her finger pressed into the soft tissue inside Jasmine as if she was trying to poke her pubic area from the inside, all the while her other finger rubbed a circular motion on top of the shaft of Jasmine's clitoris. 

Jasmine had never felt such an intense pleasure. Even the Relief Station with all of its high tech devices couldn't recreate the touch of another human being. She felt as if she was melting into Angeline's body as it rested on top of her. 

Her hips began to shake and she developed a natural thrusting rhythm as her pelvis began to push upwards. Her abdominal muscles flexed underneath Angeline's side as she reached a bed shaking climax. 

Angeline kept her hands glued to their places on Jasmine's body and continued to rub her no matter how much she squirmed. 

To her delight she felt her partner's muscles tighten again and again and her body didn't cease from shaking for what seemed like an eternity.

Finally Jasmine cried out that she couldn't handle being touched anymore. Angeline lifted her hands away and Jasmine gasped. "I just became way too sensitive after that last release. I would have passed out if you had continued."

Angeline laughed. "That was the most fun I have had on this station since I can remember. What do you want to do now?"

"I want to see if I can make you do the same thing." Jasmine said pushing Angeline down onto her back.

The two women went to sleep with Jasmine's arms wrapped around Angeline's neck. Angeline slept with her back pressed into Jasmine's chest and stomach. 

Never had Jasmine felt so not alone. She couldn't imagine sleeping by herself ever again. When she woke in the morning she felt as if she had gotten three days' worth of sleep all in one night.

Gihren had turned off the monitor. He was in a mixture of thoughts as he was excited by what he had been seeing in front of him but at the same time, the whole experiment was being derailed before his eyes. 

Now that he had turned off the monitor he was doing his best to think about sports and other non-erotic things so that his erection would subside enough to alert someone. 

Once he had things in his pants returned to normal he waved to one of the other scientists.

"We have a major problem." He said.

The scientist he had gotten the attention of walked over to his station and looked at his monitor.

The camera he now had on his screen showed a couple of the male inhabitants playing racquetball.

"Doesn't look like a problem to me." The scientist said.

"No, not that." Gihren said pushing some buttons on his computer. "THAT." 

He pointed at the monitor now that it was once again a camera shot of Angeline's bedroom.

The monitor showed Jasmine with both of her hands rubbing away at Angeline's vulva as Angeline held her own face in her hands and seemed to be in the throes of her own orgasms. 

The other scientist's eyes grew wide. 

"Oh my. That's not supposed to happen at all. Why didn't you alert us when the two inhabitants were inside the same dorm room?"

Gihren's face turned bright red. "I uh, I just noticed this was happening after it was too late."

The other scientist shook his head. "Yeah I bet." 

"What should I do now?"

"This is what we will call the spark." The scientist looking over Gihren's shoulder said. "Now all we can do is watch as this wildfire spreads through our attempt at a perfect society."

Angeline and Jasmine went to their separate work stations. Angeline worked on the opposite side of the space station from Jasmine. They planned to meet after work to act out the next part of their exploration. 

Albert exited the airlock and fired his air boosters on his space suit. He looked out over the vastness of space at the infinite expanse of the vacuum. 

The closest planet to the Space Station was Earth but it was so far away that it looked to be about the size of a grapefruit from where Albert was floating. 

His mission for the day was to inspect where several unknown objects had impacted the armored hull of the Space Station. 
