 For the next few hours, Niki and Tera were relaxing on the couch, watching the latest Holo-edition of Galaxy Idol, while Lisa was busy eating their pussies. This was her first taste of vixxxen pussy and she loved it! Their juices were sweet and fruity, just like their cum.

"Oh, I almost forgot, we have an appointment at the spa today, Tera." Niki said.

"Ahh yeah, that's right. We should bring Lisa with us, I'm sure she would be popular with the girls there," Tera grinned.

Niki laughed. "We might even get our treatments for free."

The two vixxxens got up and put the sex slave outfit back on Lisa. Niki grabbed the chain attached to Lisa's collar and pulled her along with her. "Come Lisa, the spa isn't far away, you'll like it there I think."

They went down a few streets, past more of the seashell looking buildings until they got to a larger building shaped like a huge donut. 

Inside, the floor was covered in the same warm sand as in Niki and Tera's house. A pretty vixxxen was sitting at a desk and she smiled at them warmly. "Hello girls, how may we help you today?"

Niki smiled back at her. "We have an appointment for a massage. Can we pay with this?" She made a gesture at Lisa.

The receptionist looked carefully at Lisa, taking in all her curves. "I'm sure we can accept that," she grinned. "Enter the blue room down the hall please, the masseuses will be right with you." She pointed down a corridor.

Niki and Tera smiled at her and pulled Lisa along down the corridor to the blue room. Inside were two massage tables and a low couch along one wall. Slow music was playing through the speakers and the lights were dimmed. A scent of aromatic massage oils filled the air. 

Both vixxxens sat on the couch and Niki pulled Lisa's head down between her legs again. "Eat my pussy while we wait Lisa, you're so good at it."

"Yes Mistress," Lisa smiled and started licking up the delicious juices flowing from Niki's pussy.

Tera got up off the couch and closed her eyes for a second, as a 13 inch long, smooth silvery rod grew where her pussy had been. She went behind Lisa and slid it inside the human girls wet pussy, after removing the leather strap barely covering it.

Lisa gasped as her pussy was stuffed from behind and it wasn't long before Tera was ramming her entire length in and out of her slick hole.

A few minutes later, the door opened and two other vixxxen girls entered, completely naked except for a blue ribbon around their left ankles, identifying them as employees at the spa. They both smiled when they saw the scene in front of them and exchanged lustful glances.

Niki laughed when she saw the two newcomers. "Oops, sorry. We got a little carried away." She got on her feet and Lisa stood up, as Tera reluctantly pulled out of her pussy.

Both masseuses giggled. "That's perfectly alright, we would too with such a lovely sex slave." They looked at Lisa closely, licking their lips.

Niki smiled. "Well, she's all yours in exchange for our massages. You can use her any way you want, of course."

"Mmmm that sounds good," one of the newcomers said. "I'm Kara and this is Nadi."

The girls got introduced and Kara and Nadi went over to Lisa and started caressing her perfect body, running their hands across her firm legs, her tight stomach and her huge, soft tits.

Kara ran a silvery finger around Lisa's smooth pussy. "No hair, eh? I love that." She took the rest of the leather straps off Lisa, but left the collar on.

Niki and Tera were sitting on the couch, watching the two masseuses fondle Lisa all over. Niki was playing with her pussy, while Tera's huge cock was still out and she was stroking it slowly.

"Oh, I want to fuck that delicious pussy," Kara said, as a 12 inch cock appeared between her legs. She made Lisa bend over one of the massage tables and started licking the wet slit now exposed to her. She let her long and flexible vixxxen tongue explore the insides of Lisa's pussy, getting a mouthful of the tasty juices flowing richly from within.

It was obvious to everyone that Lisa was enjoying herself. Her moans and gasps had drowned out the soothing music. Nadi had taken up a position opposite Lisa and had her right knee on the soft, cushioned table, aiming her massive 11 inch cock at Lisa's open mouth.

Lisa knew what to do and eagerly started sucking on the huge rod pointing at her mouth. She felt the tongue disappear from her hot pussy and was about to turn around and protest, just as it was replaced by the tip of Kara's very large cock, so instead, she let out a sigh of contentment.

Kara couldn't believe how wet Lisa's pussy was. Juices were dripping onto the floor creating a little puddle below where she was bent over the table and it was no problem at all to slide most of her 12 inches inside in one go. It wasn't because it was a sloppy pussy though, not at all. It was tight as a vice, despite Niki and Tera's double stuffing of it earlier. She was just so turned on and horny, that she took it easily.

A rapid pounding of Lisa's pussy soon ensued, while Nadi had grabbed her hair and was busy making the human sex slave suck her cock as deep as possible, which was quite deep.

"You have to try this pussy, it's totally amazing," Kara said, as she was thrusting her huge cock in and out of Lisa's wet opening. "It's so tight, I can feel it squeezing my cock, but at the same time, it's so willing to accept being fucked."

Nadi grinned. "Her mouth is really good too, she can suck me deeper than any other slave I've tried."

They kept this up for about twenty minutes, until Kara shot a huge load of lemon-scented cum deep inside Lisa's pussy. She kept pumping her cum, until it had completely filled the wet hole and started squirting out past her cock.

"Ok, now it's my turn," Nadi smiled, as she pulled out of Lisa's mouth and went around to the other side of the table. Kara had pulled out of Lisa's cum-filled pussy and stepped aside, so Nadi could take over.

It was Lisa's third orgasm brewing, as Nadi's 11 inches made their way inside her soaked pussy.

"Wow, you were right Kara, this is one tight pussy alright," Nadi said as she began ramming her cock in and out, causing another series of loud moans and gasps from Lisa.

Two orgasms later, Nadi pulled out of Lisa and got on her back on the massage table, her silver rod sticking straight up in the air. "Ride me, Lisa Slave," she grinned.

Lisa smiled and scrambled up on top of Nadi, lowering her dripping pussy onto the rigid post. She let out a long sigh, as she got Nadi's cock all the way in. She leaned forward a little, to let the vixxxen's tongue roam all across her huge tits.

Kara had gotten up on the table behind Lisa. "I hope her ass is as good as her pussy," she said, as she pressed the tip of her cock against Lisa's back door. She got a firm grip around Lisa's waist and slowly inserted inch after inch in the blondes tight ass. "It's even better," she laughed.

The two masseuses fucked her like this for what seemed like an hour. Lisa had no idea though, her mind was in that other place she had come to know so well lately. A place where the only thing that counted was getting to the next orgasm.

Niki and Tera had just been enjoying the show so far, but they were desperate to get a piece of the action as well, so they got up off the couch and approached the massage table where Lisa was getting DP'ed. Both of them had their 13 inch cocks out.

"I want her mouth," Tera said and went to stand at one end of the table. She found a button to lower the table and she made it the perfect height for Lisa to suck her massive rod while she stood on the floor. She grabbed Lisa's hair and pulled their slaves mouth onto her cock. Lisa immediately started sucking it, eager to please.

"There's no room for me," Niki said sulkingly.

Kara looked back at Niki as she was pounding in and out of Lisa's ass. "We'll make room," she grinned and got on her feet and bent her knees, moving forward slightly, while she was careful to keep her cock inside Lisa. "Maybe you can fit in her pussy now with Nadi."

Lisa gasped. Two in her pussy along with one in her ass? Niki and Tera had already double fucked her pussy earlier, but her ass hadn't been stuffed full of vixxxen cock at the time. Thinking about it made her cum again, as Kara was ramming her ass even faster than before.

"Let me try," Niki grinned, aiming her cock, trying to get inside Lisa's stretched pussy. Nadi and Kara stopped their thrusting for a second, making it easier for Niki to get in. After a few failed attempts, she finally managed to squeeze her huge cock in next to Nadi's. Slowly, she pushed deeper and deeper.

"Wow, her ass is a lot tighter now, I can hardly move at all," Kara said, as she again started fucking Lisa, now that Niki had gotten in.

"So did her pussy," Nadi laughed. "I can feel Niki's cock rubbing against mine, it feels so good!"

"Yeah it does, doesn't it? That's one of Tera and mine's favorite things," Niki grinned. "Lisa Slave is amazing too, such a hot body with such tight holes, yet she can handle this. What more could you want?"

Lisa had the most intense orgasm of her life and she would have screamed if it wasn't for Tera's monster cock stuffed in her mouth. She'd never been filled like this, but she loved it. Every little movement felt so intense and her entire sensory apparatus was focusing on the two cocks in her pussy and the one in her ass. Everything else didn't exist for her at that moment.

The vixxxens fucked her like this for half an hour before they switched places. Tera and Kara both went in her pussy, while Niki took her ass. Nadi was happy getting her mouth. Before the others squeezed in, Niki shot a soothing load of her apple-scented cum deep inside Lisa's pussy and also a few squirts in the ass she was about to fuck.

This position was a little awkward for them, but they still managed to fuck Lisa for two more hours. The vixxxens and their seemingly tireless cocks pumping in and out of her in their mechanical rhythm. Finally, they pulled out and helped Lisa up.

"I think we forgot about the massages," Kara said laughing. "I still want to fuck Lisa Slave's tight little ass some more though, can't you start with the massages Nadi? We can take turns then," she said with a lusty smile at her coworker.

Nadi laughed. "Sure! Tera, lie down on the table here, I'll massage you while Kara fucks Lisa."

With Tera resting on the table on her stomach, Nadi got a bottle of massage oil from a small shelf on the wall and poured a generous amount into her hands. She rubbed it into Tera's silvery skin, making it shine. Then she slowly massaged the back of her calves, moving up to her thighs, then her firm ass.

Meanwhile, Kara made Lisa get on all fours on the couch, then she went up behind the hot sex slave and put her right knee on the couch, keeping her left foot on the ground. This gave her the perfect height to fuck Lisa's ass and without any hesitation, she slid her entire 12 inches inside that super tight hole. "Ahh yes, my cock is home," she grinned.

Niki sat on the couch in front of Lisa and grabbed the blondes hair, pulling her head onto her rigid pole.

Kara kept pounding away at Lisa's ass for ten minutes, until she switched places with Niki, who obviously felt her cock belonged in Lisa's tight back door as well. They took turns fucking Lisa in the ass, while Tera was still getting her massage.

Finally, Nadi was done and let Tera up. Both of them had been pretty anxious to finish the massage, so they could take over fucking Lisa, but Nadi's professional pride meant she had to do a proper job.

Kara looked over at the other two now getting up off the table and walking towards them on the couch. "Aww, are you done already? Just give me two minutes more," she grinned as she rammed her huge cock in and out of Lisa's hot ass.

When her two minutes were up, Kara reluctantly pulled out of Lisa's back door, shooting load after load of cum up their sexy slaves ass. "There, don't want her to get sore," she said and smiled at Nadi, who appeared ready to shove Kara out of the way to get at that tight ass they all enjoyed so much.

It was Niki's turn on the massage table now and Kara gave her a thorough massage as well, while both of them watched Nadi and Tera take turns in Lisa's rear entry.

Lisa was fingering her pussy, making it explode in orgasm after orgasm as one huge vixxxen cock after the other was pounding in and out of her ass. She had no idea why they loved to fuck her in the ass so much, but she didn't care. She loved it and wished they would never stop.

They did stop however. After Niki had gotten her massage, all four vixxxen girls surrounded Lisa and placed her on her back on the sand. Then they started stroking their cocks and almost at the same time, they spurted their fruity cum all over Lisa. No matter how many times she had been covered in vixxxen cum, she still got equally surprised just how much they could shoot.

When they were done, they helped her up and she rubbed as much of it as she could into her skin. She could feel how it had really firmed up, not that it wasn't firm before she met these vixxxens, but it had a smooth softness to it now and it gave her skin a delicious glow as well.

Niki helped Lisa put her sex slave outfit back on, before they said goodbye to Kara and Nadi and went back to Niki and Tera's house.

"Wow I'm pretty tired," Niki said. "We have her for another 10 hours. Lets get some sleep and then fuck her again in the morning before Suki comes by to pick her up."

"Sounds good to me," Tera replied and pressed a button on the side of the couch, which made it fold into a bed. "You can sleep here Lisa Slave. Don't be alarmed if I come by during the night to fuck you though. Sometimes I can't sleep," she grinned at Lisa.

"Oh I won't be, Mistress," Lisa giggled.

Just as Tera had predicted, she woke up when the artificial lights in the space station were still dimmed to simulate a night cycle. She couldn't fall asleep and the lights wouldn't be on for another hour, so she went downstairs to fuck Lisa for a while to pass the time. Inside their own house, they could manipulate the lights as they wanted, so she turned on the lights in the living room at the lowest setting.

She could see Lisa sleeping on the couch. The hot sex slave was on her back, her legs slightly spread and her smooth, hairless pussy clearly on display. Her huge, well rounded tits gently moving up and down as she breathed.

Tera closed her eyes and made her cock appear. Just looking at Lisa made her horny. She went over to the sleeping beauty and started licking that tasty looking pussy. It wasn't long before Lisa woke up from the stimulation and smiled her lusty smile at Tera before she had another orgasm from the vixxxens skillful tongue roaming across her sensitive clit.

"Morning, Lisa Slave. I think I want a bit of that pussy before Niki gets up," Tera said with a determined voice, as she lifted Lisa's legs up onto her shoulders and pushed her cock inside the moist and welcoming hole.

Lisa moaned and writhed on the couch, but Tera had a firm grip around her legs and was soon fucking her with a relentless pace.

Breakfast delivery arrived as a young, pretty vixxxen woman came into the house carrying a tray of all kinds of odd fruits and vegetables. Tera had turned Lisa over and was fucking her doggy style as the breakfast arrived. She didn't even slow down her rapid thrusts when she signed for the food, she just exchanged a few knowing smiles with the delivery girl.

She realized she must have been fucking Lisa for an hour now, as the lights outside came on and a few minutes later, Niki came down the stairs, yawning. She spotted Tera and Lisa and started laughing.

"I knew you would be down here fucking her before I got up," Niki grinned 

"Of course, how could I sleep with such a hottie at our disposal?" Tera replied with a broad smile.

"I know, it wasn't easy," Niki laughed. She went to the tray of fruits and picked up a few, then sat down comfortably in a nearby chair, watching Tera fuck their sex slave. "So, what have you done so far?" She asked with a smile.

"Oh, you know, just been fucking her pussy a little. I was going to do her ass now though, do you want to join us?" Tera asked, knowing the answer already.

"Absolutely!" Niki replied laughing. "I felt like doing some ass fucking too though, mind if I squeeze in with you?"

"No, not at all," Tera said with a grin. "Let me just lube her up a little first." She pulled out of Lisa's pussy and inserted just the tip of her huge cock in the human girls ass instead. Then she pumped a few loads of cum inside before pulling out and pumping another load at the entrance. "That should do it."

Tera slid underneath Lisa and pushed her cock back inside their sex slaves ass. Then she placed her hands around Lisa's waist and pulled her down onto her cock, making all 13 inches slide inside, causing Lisa to gasp. It wasn't long before she could enjoy the view of Lisa's huge tits bouncing happily, as she rode that monster cock in her ass.

Niki had finished her fruit and walked behind Lisa. She placed a hand on the sex slaves back and made her lean forward slightly. She rubbed a little of Tera's cum on the tip of her cock, then with a determined push, squeezed it inside Lisa's super tight ass next to Tera's.

"Ohhhh, my ass!" Lisa moaned heavily, as her brain took off to orgasm-land.

"Ahh yeah, that's it right there," Niki said as she pushed deeper, feeling her smooth silver rod rub against Tera's in this incredibly hot and tight tunnel.

They fucked her ass like this for a few hours, before they were spent and covered her face and tits in two huge loads of cum before collapsing on their backs on the couch.

"That's got to be the best piece of ass ever," Niki said, sounding exhausted.

"I know," Tera replied. "I'd suggest buying her from Suki, but I just know we'd never get anything done with her around."

Lisa seductively crawled on all fours toward the tired vixxxens and was busy eating their pussies again when Suki came in through the door. She laughed when she saw Niki and Tera on the couch, looking completely wasted and Lisa between their thighs, licking away.

"Looks like you had a fun time," Suki giggled. "It's time for her to come back with me now though, I'm afraid."

"Hey Suki," Niki waved at her. "We had a great time, but please take her before we die from exhaustion," she said with a big smile.

Suki just laughed and put Lisa's sex slave outfit back on her, before they all said goodbye and Suki pulled Lisa back to the airlock they had arrived at a little more than 24 hours ago. Soon, they were back aboard the ship and Lisa was led back into her room, where Suki smiled at her as she left to take care of some business.

It wasn't more than 5 minutes, until the door opened again and Miki came into the room with a horny smile on her face and her huge cock lewdly swinging between her legs. "So, where were we, Lisa Slave?"

To be continued...