 Note: This story is a sequel to "Space Farm 1 and 2". It is recommended but not necessary to read them first.

*****

Violet was relieved that the injured leg of the Cornusaurus was healing properly. This creature was one of her favorites and there were only five of them at the zoo. The breeding season was around the corner and she had to make sure that all the animals were in perfect health.

"Your leg is healing just fine. Just make sure you don't step in any holes again," Violet said to the beast, as if he could understand her.

She was a zootechnitian and had been working at the zoo for two years. The owner, Mr. Alenko, hired her as an assistant, but now she was in charge of the entire breeding program.

Something moving under the Cornusaurus' belly caught Violet's attention. The woman gasped when she saw the creature's huge cock fully exposed.

"Wow! What are you so excited about? None of your females are nearby. And it is not breeding season yet."

Violet heard a noise and stood up. She looked around, trying to find the source. It was a soft, thumping sound and apparently it came from the far end of the warehouse, behind a large fuel tank. It was strange because usually there was no staff working after seven. Violet was the only one who stayed late more often than not.

What is that noise? It is coming from behind that tank. I hope is not one the primates making a mess again.

Violet stopped in her tracks when she walked around the corner of the tank and saw a woman on her knees and a huge entelodont on top of her. It took Violet a moment to realize what was happening. And she also recognized the woman. She was Dawn!! The boss's daughter!

Violet couldn't believe her own eyes, yet there she was... The beautiful Dawn was being fucked by an entelodont... and a big one! Violet's heart was beating fast and her legs felt weak beneath her body.

Oh my God!! What is happening?! Is that Dawn?!

Her first instinct was to run forward and help the pour woman, but then she hesitated. What if Dawn didn't want any help?

Violet hid behind the tank and looked with astonishment at the bizarre scene.

It quickly became clear that Dawn was doing this willingly. Was she aware of how dangerous this was? The entelodont could easily crush her or rip her apart with one forceful stab of his cock. Speaking of which, how could she take that enormous phallus in her tiny pussy?

Dawn was completely unaware that she was being watched. Nobody should be in the warehouse at this hour and her mind was totally focused on her objective.

She could feel the beast's large cock pulsating inside of her vaginal cavity and this indicated that he was about to cum. She couldn't wait for it. Her pussy was twitching with the anticipation of receiving a vast load of sperm; the invaluable food for her master.

Violet was still staring. Dawn's moans echoed against the walls of the ample warehouse and pierced into her ears. The astounded woman could only imagine how it would feel to have such an enormous phallus pounding at her pussy, under a mighty beast like the entelodont. Dawn was certainly enjoying it.

God! He is fucking her so hard. How can she take it?!

Dawn felt the first gush a warm semen pouring into her womb and her orgasm exploded. Despite the spastic convulsion of bliss, she did whatever she could to remain in place and keep the precious fluid within her body. She even reached back and grabbed to creature's cock, making sure it stayed inside of her for as long as possible.

When her cavity was full to the brim and the white cum began gushing from her stretched pussy lips, Dawn crumbled forward, surrendering to the incredible bliss of her lingering orgasm. Her vaginal muscles tightened instinctively, holding the precious fluid inside.

Regardless of the large amount of cum churning within Dawn's womb, the beast still had cum to spare and it kept ejaculating into the air, smearing the woman's back.

Violet had seen countless ejaculations from creatures as big as this one, but never inside of a slim human female. It was shocking to say the least! There was so much semen!

She made him cum so easily. How did she do that? There is not way that the entelodont thinks she is one of his females. How can she get him so excited?

Violet's mind was wandering to the biological inconsistencies of the situation, trying to avoid thinking about the most obvious thing that was happening right now. Dawn was fucking one of the creatures of the zoo!

Dawn was still shuddering in the midst of a powerful climax, but she knew that the entelodont's cum was being wasted and she couldn't allow it. She had to fulfill her duty. The horny woman gathered enough self control to turn around, grab the ejaculating cock and put it against her lips. The girth of the phallus was too wide to fit in Dawn's mouth, but all she needed was to let the sperm gush into her gullet. Then she started swallowing as fast as possible. Dawn placed her other hand over her belly and rejoiced when she felt it bloating, saturating with sperm. Her pussy was twitching in synchrony with each gulp. 

Violet ducked just in time to prevent Dawn from seeing her when she turned around.

Holy crap! Did she see me?! No, I don't think so... She is eating his cum!!

Then, without any warning whatsoever, Violet felt her pussy flutter. She got scared at her body's reaction to this bizarre exhibition. How could she get aroused by this? She reasoned that despite the disparity of the couple, there was a beautiful woman in front of her, sucking cum out of giant cock. Swallowing sperm as if her life depended on it. She figured that getting excited by this was an instinctive reflex.

In any case, Violet couldn't risk being seen by Dawn, so she crawled back until she was behind the tank, then silently started walking away. She could imagine Dawn's embarrassment if she knew that her secret was out.

I better get out of here and give her some privacy. I don't even know why I watched for so long.

Dawn was not a bad person, but who knows how she would react. After all, she was the boss's daughter and she could get her fired in a second. Violet loved her job and was not going to lose it over this... incident.

In reality, Dawn couldn't care less about being seen. She thought about her master and her heart jolted with joy. This bliss wouldn't be impossible without him. She was so happy. Now there was not limit and there were no boundaries. Her sources of pleasure were endless.

***

Violet's apartment wasn't far from the zoo and shortly after, she was sitting on her bed thinking about the situation. She had always believed that Dawn and Aurora were elegant and sophisticated ladies with lots of money and no worries in life. But seeing Dawn on her knees with a huge bestial cock in her pussy changed this idea completely.

It made no sense. Dawn was so beautiful that she could get any guy she wanted. Why would she want to fuck a creature from the zoo? Of course, no human male could match the size of an entelodont's phallus. Not even close. That could be a good reason.

Should I talk to Dawn about this?

While Violet considered her options, she couldn't shake the image of the enormous cock pounding at Dawn's pussy. The troubled woman became aware that her own pussy was dripping wet.

Violet removed her soaked tiny shorts and sat back on the bed. She knew perfectly well why she was so aroused. In more than one occasion, Violet had wondered how it would feel to have one of those big dicks inside of her, gushing buckets of sperm into her womb. It was just a fantasy but her pussy twitched every time she thought about it.

During the past years, Violet had supervised all kinds of creatures coupling and reproducing at the zoo. Selling rare specimens was one of the main sources of money for the owner, Mr. Alenko. Some of those creature had big cocks, and most of them ejaculated so abundantly that it was hard to believe. Like the entelodont. 

He was fucking her so hard.

Only this time Violet didn't have to use her imagination. She just had to recall the image of Dawn on her knees, being ravished by the giant beast and getting flooded with sperm.

Violet walked over to her dresser and came back to the bed with a big, black dildo in her hand. She gasped loudly when she pushed the dildo deep inside of her. The young woman started masturbating while thinking a little more about the situation. If Dawn was fucking the creature at the zoo on a regular basis, she could affect the males' performance when breeding season arrives. If the females don't get pregnant, Violet will have to respond for that. She could get fired for that reason alone.

On the contrary, if she confronts Dawn and tells her to stop, who knows how Dawn would react. If the beautiful woman was brave enough to fuck an entelodont, she certainly would not be afraid to do whatever was necessary to protect her secret, including getting Violet fired. The situation was not good.

Dawn is so fucking brave.

***

Meanwhile, Dawn was walking into an abandoned warehouse at the far end of the zoo. Katie had chosen this place to give birth to the fungus. That was eight days ago. The tentacle creature was growing quickly, sending its roots down through the concrete floor and spreading in all directions.

It was still not as big as the one at Carol's farm, but its tentacles were already thick enough to give immense pleasure to the human slaves. Katie was lying by the fungus' side with one tentacle plugged in her pussy, moaning softly, and watching Dawn approaching with her bulging belly.

"Hi Dawn, I see you have been busy," Katie said.

Aurora was also there, a few meters away, at the right side of the warehouse. She was on her feet, bending over, offering her pussy to a giant eremotherium. This creature was similar to a bear and just as dangerous. None of the girls were scare of him. They knew that all he wanted was to fuck them. Their irresistible scent made sure of it.

Dawn knelt beside the fungus and waited impatiently while one tentacle twisted and flexed around her thighs. The aroused woman's pussy was soaking wet, in expectancy of what was about to happen. The pleasure of feeding her master was equal to the pleasure of being fucked by him. Dawn was ready for either one.

Even though her womb was packed with sperm, the tentacle that aimed at her vaginal entry was not designed to suck out the precious fluid. This was identical to the one fucking Katie, and it was designed to grab, hold or provide pleasure. Dawn's pussy gushed when she realized that her master was going to fuck her first as a reward for being so dutiful.

"I am ready for you, my love," she whispered.

Katie had fed her master moments ago and now she was being rewarded as well. She was approaching her third climax in the last hour.

Dawn screamed as the tentacle penetrated her pussy. The girls had selected the birthing place carefully and the warehouse was far enough from any other building, so they could be as loud as they wanted. Most of the zoo creature's daily needs were attended by robots and their programming didn't include prying on horny girls fucking large beasts. They were safe here.

Dawn tightened her pussy around the tentacle, making sure that none of the sperm leaked out while the appendage trashed inside of her. All three girls were becoming experts on keeping the precious fluid inside of theirs bodies, until the master was ready to suck it out from them.

While Dawn knelt submissively on top of the fungus, receiving his appendage, prompted to give everything to him, Aurora did her best to remain in place as the huge bear-like creature fucked her from behind. 

This was her first time mating with an eremotherium. The large beast wandered into the warehouse on its own, most likely following the alluring scent of the girls. Aurora was taking a break, gathering strength after a busy day, but when she saw him walking in with his phallus exposed, her brake was over. She wasn't even sure which species this creature belonged to, but she couldn't care less. The only thing that mattered was that he had a big cock and lots of sperm.

At first, the beast was confused. How could this tiny female by his mate? But the scent emanating from her body was unmistakable. This female was in heat and he needed to fuck her. He felt an irresistible urgency to empty his entire sperm reserves into the girl's body. Every male creature in the zoo felt exactly the same way and they all were going to have their chance to do it.

Aurora felt the imposing strength of the creature through his stabbing cock. He was moving his hips back and forth in a rather slow pace, but every stroke was powerful and reached all the way to the bottom of her womb, pushing the air out of her lungs and eliciting a loud moan from the astonished woman. 

***

Violet squatted on the floor to have a better grip of the long dildo. It felt so good as it reached so deep inside of her. Maybe almost as deep as an entelodont's cock would. 

Violet had to admit that she admired Dawn for being so courageous. The horny rich woman knew what she wanted and she went for it, ignoring the consequences of her reckless actions. 

Dawn wanted a big cock inside of her and didn't just fantasize about it. She took action and got one of the biggest. Violet's hand started to move faster, shoving the dildo as deep as possible into her stretched cavity every time.

***

Aurora wondered why she had never tried this before meeting her master. Inter-species sex was common across the vast collection of planets that formed the Federation, but she and her sister had always been afraid of mating with an alien humanoid, much less with a creature like the eremotherium. Her master had taken away her fear and had opened an entire new universe of possibilities. She loved him so much for this!

The eremotherium's cock was twice the size of Aurora's arm and half a meter long. It was stretching her pussy lips to the limit and reaching as deep as humanly possible. The aroused woman would never be satisfied again with a normal, human cock. This was her destiny and she was so happy that her master made it possible.

Now the transformed woman was matching the rhythm of the beast, moving her hips backward as he thrust forward. She was aware that her main purpose was to collect sperm, but the savage ravaging that preceded the ejaculation was just as enjoyable. 

In the past few days, the devoted woman had learned that a longer lasting mating session always ended with a larger amount of cum. But sometimes she got so excited, that she couldn't help herself.

At the opposite side of the warehouse, Dawn's pussy twitched hard around the tentacle when she saw a new appendage emerging from the fungus. The master was ready to feed from her! A spike of arousal traveled across her spine, bringing her to the brink of climax. She licked her lips sensually, then opened her mouth wide as the tentacle reached up to her.

Katie turned her head and moaned softly when she realized that her master was about to feed. She wished she had more sperm to give too.

A moment later, the feeding tentacle was penetrating Dawn's gullet. This was enough to drive her over the edge and the excited young woman exploded in bliss. Her eyes rolled back and her pussy gushed while her entire body shuddered in orgasmic convulsions, yet she was careful to keep both tentacles inside of her. 

Katie also reached an orgasm, only not as strong as her cousin's. Her pussy twitched a few times while her vaginal fluids flowed around the tentacle and down her trembling buttocks.

Dawn felt the tentacle going deeper and deeper down her esophagus, and this, combined with the tentacle churning within her pussy, prolonged her wonderful climax for the longest time.

The fungus projected its feeding tube further out, penetrating Dawn's body until the tip reached her belly. Then it started sucking out the nutritive sperm that provided nourishment and helped it grow. 

***

Meanwhile, inside Violet's apartment, the squelching sounds of the pumping dildo echoed against the metallic walls. As her arousal grew and her orgasm got closer, Violet was having naughty ideas about how to fix her complicated situation.

I could collect some of the sperm while Dawn fucks the creature's, then I could use this sperm to artificially inseminate the females. Everybody wins!

These ideas hardly made sense, but Violet was so excited that she wasn't thinking straight anymore. Her pussy was twitching constantly around the fat dildo and her vaginal fluids were dripping to the floor between her legs, forming a small puddle.

***

Aurora saw her sister shivering in climax, with one tentacle going deep into her mouth and another penetrating her pussy, and this got her closer to her own orgasm. Suddenly, she felt the beast's phallus pulsating within her body and warm fluid filling her womb. He was cuming inside of her! 

Despite her need to reach climax, Aurora realized that her womb was too small to keep the huge amount of cum gushing from the eremotherium's cock, so when there was no more room available, she regrettably removed the large phallus out of her pussy.

She fell to her knees, facing away from the creature, and the hot sperm began splashing all over her back. The precious fluid was being wasted and she couldn't allow that!

Aurora turned around as fast as she could and aimed the ejaculating phallus at her wide open mouth. The next stream bounced against the back of her throat and almost filled her mouth completely. Aurora swallowed without closing her lips while the following stream was already flying in. It was coming too fast!

I won't be able to get it all this way!

The skillful woman knew exactly what she had to do. Aurora leaned forward, engulfing the big cock between her lips, then moved her head further, shoving it into her gullet. She could clearly feel each jolt of the phallus, followed by a hot stream of cum gushing directly into her belly.

Aurora imagined herself in her sister's situation, one tentacle in her pussy and another in her mouth, feeding her beloved master. She exploded in climax!

With his sperm reserves depleted, the eremotherium stepped back, retrieving his cock from Aurora's hungry mouth. In the midst of climax, she tried to follow him, refusing to let go of his phallus, but he moved too far back and she ended with her hands on the ground, doing her best to keep to sperm inside of her gullet while the orgasmic convulsions made her body shiver from head to toe. 

***

Violet retained the image of Dawn's orgasmic spasms for as long as possible, until her own climax exploded at the center of her core, expanding to every cell of her body. An instant later, all that her brain could process was white bliss.

Violet was lying limply on the floor when she came back to her senses. She had enjoyed the best orgasm in a long time, and she accomplished it using a dildo nonetheless. How was this possible? It didn't feel this good even when she fucked Brett, her handsome co-worker, last week. 

The only thing different on this occasion were the lingering images of Dawn... Dawn being fucked by the beast. Dawn reaching climax with a huge cock in her pussy. Dawn sucking sperm out of the massive phallus. Maybe Violet taking Dawn's place...

That was fucking awesome...

Thinking about this, Violet felt her pussy twitch again, but she was too tired to do anything about it.

***

Back in the warehouse, the fungus had depleted the sperm contained in Dawn's belly and was pulling its tentacle out of her mouth. Incredibly, the woman's orgasm was still going. The pleasure of feeding her master and the second tentacle churning in her pussy was too much for Dawn to endure, and it was keeping her in a never-ending state of elation.
