 Jack hated travelling alone. There's nothing lonelier than being trapped in an endless university with nothing or no one for company. It seems like the whole weight of the universe is crashing on your shoulders, even though you're but naked. And that was the only bit off travelling alone he enjoy; the fact that he could be private, and naked... 

Jack was currently waiting for contact from his business dealers, who told him where to go, but they were not going to ring for a few days. This gave Jack an absolutely boring day, as he had to just wait, as there was no point in travelling until he knew were to go. Today was definitely a naked day for Jack. He set his craft to autopilot (just in case) and went into the recreation part of his ship. He watched himself closely in the mirror. He had a swimmer's body, which was true, as whenever he was on solid ground he would try to swim, but on ship, he was a rower. Rowing was the easiest sport to keep him fit, as it worked so many muscles, especially the one's he wanted to look good the most. He simply had an ergo machine fitted into the ship, and he forced himself to row for a few hours a day. He was therefore in very fine shape, with perfect muscles all over his body. He was "tall and toned" as he liked to call himself. His baby blue eyes added to his appearance, as they captivated his audience, and many seemed to fall under his control. 

Jack had a tan, even though he was constantly in space, he had a pigment injected into his skin on his last home run, and so he wouldn't even look out of place on a Miami Beach. How he missed those beautiful beaches, the beautiful tanned babes, with their small bikinis, hiding their large succulent breasts. How he missed those beautiful girls down on the beach. Jack, in his time of loneliness, wished he was there. He fantasised about picking up a girl there, taking her back to his apartment near the beach, and fucking the crap out of her. 

He missed sex most of all. There were of course ways to keep him satisfied. He was a subscriber to holographic porn Inc. This was what he loved most about his craft. He had millions of videos to choose from. An especially large selection of lesbian porn, many straight videos, and a few bi, no gay. He had never been gay, and never would be. He never saw men in that way at all. He appreciated their bodies, but never wanted them to fuck him. However, once upon a time, he got sucked by a man in an erotic hologram boutique. But in his view, a mouth was a mouth, no matter what gender it belonged to. 

Recalling all of these made Jack extremely horney, so he went and chose a not-yet-seen holoporn, starring three nude women. The great thing about holoporn was that it projected the image in front of you, it was 3D, very realistic, and therefore made you feel like part of the action. He slowly got through the intro, and got onto the good stuff where two of the girls lay in a 69 position, whilst the other had a strap on and was fucking one of the girls like crazy in the ass. Of course, Jack was naked, and he had a very stiff cock, and was wanking like mad. His muscles never seemed to tire, along with his 10inch cock which he was pumping through his hands, and bringing him ever closer to an orgasm.

His full attention was on the three ways in front of him, that he did not notice two people materialize next to him. These things were not people however. They were entirely red, naked, and they took the shape of beautiful women. One had strong DD breasts, which were firm, and held themselves up, also with a beautiful pussy, which seemed tight. The other only had D breasts, but stood slightly smaller than the other. She seemed to have a younger body, and did not look as experienced as the other. The eyes could tell. They watched Jack, who still hadn't noticed, cum all over his chest with long ropes of cum, which spurted over and over. He relaxed and flopped onto his bed, then stood up quickly, realizing the intruders were here.

"I like the way he cum's." Said the younger looking one.

"Yes, he seems to produce more than the other ones. He also seems to be in much better shape than any we've had before." The older one concurred. 

"What do you want?" Jack said, covering his slowly growing cock. He marvelled at the obvious beauty of these two "women", still, he was worried about who they we're. 

"We want you, to be a sex slave on board our ship. You have no choice." The elder said. "My name is Sonja. This is my deputy captain, Rye." She continued.

"What if I say no?" Jack replied, with timid curiosity.

"You won't, after we give you a taste of what you're in for, you will not want to leave." 

"How long?"

"For the next three years. Most beg to stay once that time is up. However, at the end of your time, you will be given a luxury space cruiser, for you to do as you will." She said matter of factly. "Let's give him a taste of us, shall we?" Sonja said to Rye. 

Sonja swaggered over to Jack, feeling herself up, and fondling her breasts. She leant towards Jack, and kissed him passionately on the lips. From that moment on, he was under her command, as the saliva in her mouth contained a stimulating drug, which firstly acted as a form of Viagra, and secondly, as an aphrodisiac, making him lustfully Horney. They continued to lick the inside of each other's mouth's fencing with their tongues. She withdrew, and Rye took her place. Her apparent youngness did not come across in her kisses, as she seemed to be expertly trained, very eager, and very passionate. 

Sonja kissed her way down Jack's naked body, licking his body, then enveloping his extremely stiff cock in her mouth. She sucked and licked, and forced Jack to withdraw from his kissing and experience the pleasure washing over his body. 

"Lick me human." Rye said commandingly, forcing Jack onto his back, and placing her pussy over his face. He sucked and licked the glorious slit with new-found expertise, while his cock was expertly sucked by Sonja.

"His cock is much bigger than our last one." She stifled through the cock, as she began to deep throat all ten inches. Jack withdrew his gaze from the pussy in front of him to marvel at how Sonja took all of his cock in one go, and did not even seem to resist a gag. She appeared to take it with ease. How much more could she take? Jack thought. 

He continued his licking for a few minutes, before he felt an orgasmic sensation flooding over him. He cummed over and over again into her mouth, and she gobbled it all up, not missing a drop.

"He taste's nice. Different, maybe even slightly sweet." Sonja said. Jack did actually taste sweet. He had recently had an operation to change the taste of his cum, and it was now a sugar taste with a hint of fruit. 

"I want to fuck him." Rye said, climbing off of Jack's face. He let the two women completely take control of him, as he brought the bottom half of his body off the bed to give them a smoother fucking action. 

Rye walked towards his still erect cock, and, without hesitation, impaled herself, all the way to the pubic hair in one go. Then she started to fuck. Jack had fucked many pussies, but none quite like this. Firstly, it seemed tight, and enveloped him without so much as a twinge. It also felt warm, and even the feel of their skin around him warmed his body. The fact that she held nothing back and thrusted in and out hard and fast, whilst the warmth of the pussy took him all the way in, nearly made him cum there and then. 

Sonja and Jack lay next to each other, kissing, and licking each other's face. Sonja then went down to Jack butt, which was moving now with the beat of the fuck, and started to kiss and lick it. Jack was up for anything now. It felt great having two women around him, doing sexual acts to his body. Sonja continued to lick his ass while he rolled into his third orgasm of the hour. Rye, would not stop, she was robotically thrusting herself onto his cock, not missing a single beat, still going hard and fast, without tiring. Sonja, opened up Jack's crack, and slid her tongue into his glory-hole. Jack did not care that she was licking out his butt. He would not have cared if a guy had come into the room and started to fuck his ass. 

He was in a beautiful place, experiencing orgasm after orgasm, whilst Rye didn't seem to tire, and with a brilliant feeling in his ass. It suddenly came across him how deep Sonja's tongue seemed to be penetrating into his ass. It seemed to be growing. It was probably now roughly 7inches. It was then that Rye gave out her first moan, Jack came again and Sonja started to tongue-fuck his ass. Everyone was in-sync with each other, and it continued for at least an hour. Jack seemed to be orgasming non-stop, but still, he did not seem to tire, and his cock stayed erect. 

Rye started to moan even louder now, screaming and yelling. She started to cum, all over his cock. She did not stop. She went through minutes of orgasming, non-stop cumming over Jack's cock, until she gave out, and fell of Jack's cock onto the floor, panting. Jack was nearly unconscious now. The complete pleasure seemed to over well him. He felt like he was on drugs. 

Sonja came out of his ass, which seemed to quickly tightened up again, and licked the cum that Rye left on his cock. He still felt spasms of the orgasms hit him as he felt that weirdly long tongue dance around his cock. 

Sonja stood up

"Will you be our sex slave?" she asked

"Yes" Jack moaned, without any resentment. 

"Then come with us." They helped him to his feet and went over to the tele-pad (transporters). 

"Phoenix Lamer." The two "women" said together, and the two, along with their sex-slave, teleported to the land of the phoenix. 

To be continued...