 Deep on the fringes of the Kentauris system, an unearthly white flash split the inky black void, reflecting like lightning off the numberless bits of ice and dust which circled the system primary. Something huge fell out of nowhere, arriving in normal space with the energy of Creation. As the glow faded into darkness, the Legionary warship Raiden, a light cruiser built for long range and speed, slid quietly in system, passive sensors listening for traces of the expeditionary force that had lost contact so abruptly days before. Circling Kentauris-7, the sensors detected a faint radio pulse. the emergency beacon of a Legion warship in distress. The expedition was here after all. the Raiden turned slowly towards the system primary, and began the long fall inward. Help was on its way.

Hitomi Kotani, better known as Spacegirl floated in the fluid filled chamber, unconscious. Despite her state, the ministrations of the Intai Juhen continued. Limbs and long black hair entangled in the strong but gentle grasp of dozens of thin, flesh-colored tentacles, she twitched, shuddered, and whimpered softly. Boneless mouths suckled at her ripe breasts, and the insistent tubes pressed deep into her vagina and anus. Though her body continued to respond, convulsing with weak, irregular orgasms, Hitomi's consciousness was elsewhere. She dreamed of gentle caresses in the arms of Traci, her beautififul companion agent. Traci's eager lips nibbled and sucked, licked and touched her, bringing her to ecstatic peaks again and again... The Intai Juhen Collective grew frustrated and impatient. It needed it's victim to be fully present and conscious in order to achieve the desired result. As long as Spacegirl remained unconscious, she would never attain the explosive pulse of orgone energy that the Collective wished to experience and study. Though Spacegirl's uninterrupted string of orgasms was intriguing, it was not the aim; under other circumstances the outpouring of orgone energy would be perfectly acceptable. It certainly was greater than any of the other captured human females. But the Collective could sense the dormant potential within Spacegirl's shuddering body. To access that, the Collective needed her to be completely aware of her fate, to be filled with both fear and bliss to trigger it. To that end, the Collective ceased gently stimulating the trapped woman, and tightened it's hold on her limbs. It began to thrust more violently into her quivering vagina, and pounded into her anus roughly, with an irregular rhythm.

...Traci's gentle caresses became rougher, more insistent, more painful... slowly, Hitomi drifted back, realizing with a start that she had been dreaming. Opening her eyes, she tried to scream in horror, but with lungs full of thick, oxygenated fluid, all she could manage was a strangled gurgle. In the dim, pinkish glow through the clear fluid medium, Hitomi could make out murky details of the chamber she was trapped in. It looked different than she remembered... no telling how long she had been here. All around her, meaty tendrils and indescribable organs pulsed and twitched to an insane rhythm. She could feel thrumming vibrations on all of her skin, transmitted by the thick gel... she was inside something! She had been swallowed alive! Her arms and legs were stretched tight, hands and feet completely encased in a fleshy mass. She could feel writhing things rubbing against her fingers and toes, making her shudder with revulsion. She was being jarred roughly by tentacles in her cunt and her ass, both of which were sore from prolonged abuse. The pounding was uneven and irregular, and painful, but it still had an effect. Her body betrayed her with a convulsion of pleasure, making her thrust her pelvis backwards, producing deeper penetration. All around her, the chamber walls stirred in reaction. Now that the Intai Juhen Hive Mind had her attention, the experiment could begin in earnest. Spacegirl felt the clear gelatin flowing around her, in motion for the first time. Within a minute, it became easier to breathe. The Intai Juhen flooded the chamber with a more oxygen rich mixture, this time aiming to keep her alert and alive when it pushed her beyond her limits.

All around Spacegirl, the chamber began to move. The tentacles which gripped her hands and feet loosened up slightly, allowing her arms and legs to flex. At the same time, a long, wide but flat tentacle, covered in suction cups, small orifices, and hideous wriggling tendrils, moved above and in front of her. Hitomi's eyes widened in fear as the vile thing moved into position. It settled gently atop her, undeterred by her panicked struggles. Legs spread wide, she felt the thing's bulk and heat across her torso. Hitomi screamed as best she could with lungs filled with fluid, but to no avail. The tendrils fanned out across her body, gently mapping out and tracing the nerves in a ticklish, pleasant way. They guided her firm breasts upward, stroking and inflaming the skin as the went. First her hard nipples, then the rest of the luscious domes were drawn up into waiting sucker mouths. Bonelessly, these muscular tubes suckled and massaged her tender mounds. Thin tendrils continued to entangle her, wrapping around her thighs, and stroking the soft skin of her belly and neck with hair-like filaments. Despite her terror, Hitomi's body betrayed her, and she moved towards an orgasm, even before penetration. This hideous thing somehow knew her body better even than she did, and her body betrayed her will. Hitomi came briefly, screaming with ecstacy and fear. At the same time, smaller organs sucked on her fingers and toes, setting up a steady background stimulation before the main efforts began. And they did begin, for very shortly after Hitomi's first orgasm began to wane, the meaty tentacles embedded in her cunt and ass began to thrust again. They set up a regular rhythm, pulsing and thrusting in a complex rhythm which diabolically matched itself with the clenching and spasming of her own body. Her strong vaginal and anal muscles clamped down, trying to pull the intruders deeper within her, contrary to her wishes.

The orgasm surged into new life, causing Hitomi's entire body to vibrate like a violin string. She shook and shuddered and grew dizzy with the exertion, but did not loose consciousness. She screamed again through gritted teeth and thick fluid as the hideous Intai Juhen Hive Mind had it's way with her. All around her body, every single nerve was being stimulated directly, whether stroked, sucked, or prodded. This thing knew how to work her body like a machine. With unearthly skill it played her. Spacegirl's orgasmic experience reached a crescendo, past which it could go no further, every muscle in her exhausted body tensed, and it stayed. It went on and on, until finally it began to fade. It faded only for a second, and begin to climb. Impossibly, the pleasure grew. Hitomi's mind began to fray, and then she felt the touch of an alien presence in her mind... the Hive Mind was speaking to her!

"Hated Enemy... now you will see... you will orgasm until you die... you will not escape your passing... awake and aware..."

The Intai Juhen Hive Mind was pleased. It had already learned enough to stimulate her beyond the point of survival. It was a testament to the Hated Enemy that she had survived so long. The Hive Mind manipulated her metabolic processes to keep her alert. Soon enough she would break, and at that point she would either produce the desired orgone explosion, or she would die screaming. Either way, the Hive Mind would be well satisfied with the outcome.

The orgasm rolled on and on, increasing slowly. Hitomi begged for release, either death or unconsciousness, but neither came. Her pelvis thrashed madly, pumping vigorously against the fleshy column which was killing her. She could feel her body beginning to break down under the strain. Something was keeping her alive, something kept her heart from bursting. She could feel the thing's tendrils all the way inside her womb, she felt it pulling against her tingling breasts. It was like being electocuted with bliss, and she could feel every sensation individually. And the sensations just continued unceasing. Time ceased to matter... minutes, hours, days, she couldn't tell. Then she felt something, a searing white pain behind her eyes. Consciousness began to strobe... microseconds of nonawareness. Was she dying at long last? The Hive Mind sensed it even before she did. A massive increase in the orgone energy within Spacegirl's tortured, shaking frame. Much more than any human before. More than it prepared for. The flare was happening, and happening soon. It was uncertain now of it's ability to limit the discharge. The Hive Mind began to feel a new emotion, fear. The orgone energy and the orgasm with Hitomi grew and grew and suddenly with the clarity of a bell's perfect tone, seething white energy surged outwards from Spacegirl. For one instant, the Hive Mind celebrated. Elation had time to turn to terror as the energy lanced outward with ravening force, consuming everything. Hitomi, the Hive Mind, all vanished in one quick flash.

Aboard the bridge of the Legion Warship Raiden, pandemonium erupted. First, Lt. Onishima, the ship esper, clutched at her head and fell to the floor screaming in pain. Moments later, the ship's sensors detected a massive release of orgone energy at the site of the survey colony... the targeted drop zone for the missing Legionaries, as well as the ADD operative. Only the captain knew what this meant, and she wasn't saying a word. To this day, the Kentauris Incident remains strictly classified. Only a few know how it really ended... the captain of the Raiden, a few directors at ADD, and one Hitomi Kotani, who to this day lies comatose in a Regen Chamber at ADD headquarters.

......................

Aphrodite's Legion is used in this story with the permission of Stormbringer