 Jack did not remember what had happened, he remembered the glorious bodies of the two red women, who were from the land of phoenix, and the capital of it, Lamer. The race which the two women belonged to were in fact also called phoenix, and the race was made up of women and men. The women produced singularly, and sex therefore, was merely recreational. This meant that, they needed some people to have "fun" with, and they seemed to like humans the best, which was why jack was brought here in the first place.

The only two of this race jack could remember seeing was Rye and Sonja, so he was looking forward to seeing more of this sex-loving race. Rye came in the early hours of the morning, just after Jack had awoken from his slumber to inform him that he had a doctor appointment in an hour, and that he should rest until then. She also lay down his ground room. First and foremost, he must never wear any clothes until commanded to by either Rye or Sonja, as they were the ones in charge of him. Secondly, at all times, he must where the electronic bracelet around his ankle. This bracelet told everyone who his owners were, if he was in use (rented), and how much he would cost to rent out. Lastly, he must for whatever Rye and Sonja tell him to do, and if they rent him out, he must do whatever those people ask him to do. Just before Rye left she added that he may not leave the room until instructed. 

Exactly an hour after Rye left, two phoenixes walked gloriously into the room. One was a beautiful female. She was fairly small, with C breasts, and a flaming pussy. The other was a man with an obvious six-pack, and a broad face. He was of course, very muscly. His cock seemed to be about 7 inches, smaller than Jack's, but a bit thicker. It had no foreskin, and later, Jack was to realise that none of the phoenix men did. Without talking, each phoenix grabbed an arm, and lead Jack through a series of underground corridors. They seemed to be made out of some sort of plastic, and there were no windows. 

Eventually they came to a large room, with a lot of high-tech computers. The phoenixes seemed to be far ahead of the game in the way of technology, as all there was for computers were a pair of goggles, with a tiny microphone attached to it. Jack was lead to a surgeons table, where he was strapped in around his arms, (one out to each side), and his legs (one out to each side). The doctors put on their goggles and took out some simple looking instruments, used for measuring size and diameter of various objects. Jack's whole body was exposed to these people, he felt very open, I guess this was the price for the next three years of sex... 

The doctors went around his body and started to measure the diameter of all of his limbs, and then his waist, head, fingers, toes, and finally his penis. The man walked over to him. Jack new what was about to happen. He was right. The male phoenix opened his mouth and swallowed him whole. Just before he did this, Jack looked away (still not yet gay), and looked at the beautiful girl, sitting on a stool rubbing her clit, watching the action. The phoenix knew how to suck. It was one of the best ones he had ever felt. Eventually, the pleasure became very great. Jack looked towards the man.

He was bobbing up and down on his now fully erect, ten inch cock, taking it all the way every time, his tongue licking around Jack's cock. Watching this man work his cock made him very hot, he was getting aroused by this man, his huge bulging muscles, his soft strong buttocks. Jack wondered if all of the male phoenixes were gay or maybe just most. The female to his right was now gasping and screaming. Jack hadn't noticed, but an electronic dildo had come out of the chair, and was now fucking the woman very fast and hard. She was pushing herself onto this massive dildo, which had to be about 14inches. She was rubbing her clit. 

The male in front of him quickened his pace and was sucking on his cock so fast; he could have been a machine. Then, he saw Jack stiffen, and withdrew off of his cock, and put a cup next to his cock. Jack cummed all he was worth into the cup, as Jack felt the man's naturally warm hands jerk him off, collecting as much as he could. Jack collapsed as the man finished his extraction and strode away out of his vision. He came back a minute later and took the diameter and length of his cock, which was still erect. He then walked towards Jack's face and bent over him. His lips hovered over Jack's, and then Jack thrust his neck up, kissing the phoenix very passionately. Their tongues lashed at each other like dragons. They exchanged saliva, and Jack fell under the spell of the phoenix. It wasn't over however...

Jack was un-strapped, and taken towards a large capsule. He was strapped in there, the same way, except he had nothing supporting his back; he was just suspended by the ropes, which were amazingly comfortable. He felt like he was floating in air, just suspended in seeming nothingness. 

The door in front of him closed, and he was trapped in this capsule. Lights jumped on around him from separate directions, and then started to move their way down, and around Jack's body.

A small light came out Jack's penis and a blue light came on. It scanned around his cock, then came out around it, and tried to get all the angles. Then it moved down to the balls and started to scan them. The light turned red and it pointed at one of the balls. Suddenly, a gab of pain shot through his balls, which made him shudder. The pain suddenly stopped, the light turned blue, and moved onto the next bullock. Scanning it, and then turning red, and seemingly injecting or transferring something into his ball. Whatever it was, Jack felt the pain, but was thankful it wasn't a needle. 

A bigger version of the pen light appeared in front of his chest, examining his nipples and pecks, then, for each, shining a large beam of red light over them. The pain was not as intense as his balls, but as it was a larger area, it ached more. The red light mover, and then shone onto his other pecks. "What the hell was happening? What are these lights for?" Jack was thinking. 

A machine came down from the heavens, the light turned blue on it, and it came down over Jack's head, he thought he was being X-rayed. The machine scanned down to Jacks chin, and then back up. Then the light turned red and the machine started to fall. Pain fell over Jack like nothing he had experienced. The machine was coming over his eyes, and he shut them just in case. He yelled out in the prolonged agony, but then the light went white, and started to retract back up over his head. Everything seemed to be over. 

One last thing was not however. A final pen light came out of the wall, and hovered exactly in front of Jack's penis. Then it turned red. This was the worst pain Jack had experienced. His favourite part of his body felt like it was being ripped apart. But as suddenly as it had started, the pain stopped, and the pen retracted and was reclaimed by the wall. 

The capsule door opened and the two doctors came in and started to un-strap him. Jack felt very angry towards these two phoenixes. They had not said one word to him, and he had just gone through the most pain in his life. He didn't say anything now though, he was not sure what Sonja and Rye would do to him.

The two carried him over to the surgical table, but did not strap him in. The woman said something to his left, silently, into his ear. "You've been such a good boy, now it's time for your 'lollypop'" she said naughtily. She had a soothing voice which seemed to make Jack instantly relaxed. 

The female bent over Jack's face and started to kiss his forehead. Her lips were pleasantly warm against his head. She kissed him on the nose, then his lips. Jack kissed back, and they exchanged saliva, giving Jack the sustenance and putting him under their control. His cock immediately started to harden, as it edged its way to its full length. 

They continued to kiss, and the male walked towards Jack's penis. He started to lick and suck on it, getting it to its full length. The woman (whom Jack still did not know the name of) retracted from their kiss. The man took his mouth off of Jack's cock and moved away. It was now fully erect, and ready for sex. Jack looked at it. It was not the cock he was used to. It was at least an inch thicker, and two or more inches longer. It was a monster of a cock. That must have been a result of the red lights. They must have changed the things all over his body.

The woman came over and resumed the male's work. She was an expert sucker. She bobbed up and down with un-human pace, and each time seemed to go further down his cock. 

Jack felt a warm finger feel its way around the edge of his ass, as the female continued her work. It then entered slowly into Jack's butt. This deeply aroused him, as it continued its way through his butt. Then a second finger joined in with the other. Then a third. The man was using three fingers to fuck Jack's ass. This was a new and wonderful feeling. He was also surprised to feel it didn't hurt. Then the fingers withdrew, as did the female from his cock. He saw the man behind him. The male pulled Jack along the table, so his legs were hanging off the end. He pulled them up over his shoulder, and came closer to Jack's butt. He edged closer and closer. He used his cock to circle around his anus, and then, without warning, plunged his huge cock into Jacks butt. This did hurt, and Jack yelled out in pain as his hole tightened around the cock. 

"Relax..." the woman said, and kissed him. Jack did relax, and he seemed to loosen up. Feeling this, the male at the other end quickened the pace of his fucking and was fucking his ass like Jack was some type of toy (which he was). 

The woman then jumped over his chest, and impaled herself onto the massive cock. She took it all in one go, and Jack felt her warm pussy fall over his new cock. The pleasured him a lot. She started to fuck him fast and quickly fell into rhythm with the male.

Jack enjoyed the feeling of the two fucking him, the cock in his ass, and the woman on his cock. The woman, still bobbing on his cock, moved her hand to a button as Jack started to have his first huge orgasm. The straps stopped the force of his orgasm and spasming from throwing himself off of the bench. Jack cummed so much that he was surprised none came out, but the phoenix seemed to gather it all. 

The two continued their rhythm relentlessly. The male pounding his ass, his cock now slipping in and out with ease, and the female, sliding herself up and down Jack's elongated cock. The two didn't stop. They didn't slow down. They also didn't seem to orgasm. But Jack did. He went from orgasm to orgasm, until he was finally seeing stars and was now continually orgasming. He realised he was no longer cumming, he didn't have any left, but that didn't matter to him, just the pleasure of the group. 

They had been fucking for about ten more minutes until the door behind them opened. Rye entered in her flaming young beauty and glided over to the gangbang. They did not stop their pace, and only spared a glance for the new arrival. 

"I thought as much." She muttered to herself. Then got onto the table and lowered herself onto Jack's face. He took the invitation and started to lick and lick and suck and suck. He had to continue even though he was in so much pleasure. All he wanted to do was lay back and continue to feel the orgasms role over him, one after the other. 

The male phoenix suddenly picked up the pace, fucking Jack's ass hard and fast. Jack could hear the phoenix's "flesh" smacking against his own. The female also quickened his pace, "maybe they were close to orgasming" Jack thought.

He was right; they continued to put him into one orgasm after another, all the while quickening their pace. Rye got off to watch on the stool with the electronic dildo. The female was shout and screaming in the pleasure that approached her and the man just groaned. They were fucking him with such force that the utensils on the wall were shaking in rhythm with the pounding. Then, Jack felt the man's cock spasm inside his ass. Then, he felt a warm liquid crash into his butt, filling him, smashing, and moving in his butt like the liquid had a mind of its own, then the female exploded onto Jack's cock, letting their sensuous cum seem down onto his cock, drenching his pubes. 

The male was still pounding his butt, and was still cumming the liquid into his butt. He then withdrew the cock and masturbated the rest onto the hole, which was now red. The woman removed herself from Jack's cock, and placed herself on Jack's face, still cumming, and indicated for Jack to drink the cum that was flowing from her red flaming pussy. 

Jack gobbled it all up, licking and sucking it all as his cock started to finally subside. The male then came over and put his cock near Jack's mouth. Jack took it in his mouth and sucked all of the cum off of it. Then Rye went over to his cock and licked off all of the juices on and around Jack's cock, and kissed Jack, transferring the cum into his mouth. The cum was sugary, it tasted like heaven in a liquid; Jack had never tasted anything like it. 

Rye finished transferring the cum, and then pressed a button. The straps withdrew, and the three of them picked him up and carried him back to the room, where Jack slept for two days. 

Another story is to follow, sorry for the long explanation, but it is vital for the series. More to come...