 Jack realised he was now awake, although he did not open his eyes. He felt something was different. Jack was not allowed to sleep with a blanket over him, and sometimes he felt a "draft" in his room. This time however, he felt the air rushing over his body, but he felt the air in different places. He felt his nipples start to stand on end. This made him think of what had happened to him over the last few days. All the sex he had had, and the sex that was to come. He reminisced about the last encounter at the doctors. What had they done to him he wondered? 

He felt a liquid on the side of his leg, and now started to wonder even more. He hoped he had not peed himself. He slowly opened his eyes.

The first thing he saw nearly made him pass out. Jack had DD tits, and nipples the length of a nail. They were huge. He jumped up and out of his bed. The breasts bounced. Jack rubbed his hands down his waste. He had curves. He was astounded even more when his hands crawled further down to where his cock should have been and found a pussy, and beautiful cunt it was at that. He had changed into a woman. But what about his face?

Jack moved towards a mirror suspended on the wall and looked at himself. He was stunningly beautiful. He had shoulder length champagne hair with frosty blue eyes, which projected excitement and bliss. He looked at his remarkable body, his succulent tits, and his sweet pussy. 

"Ah, I see you like the work" A male voice said from behind Jack. The doctor that had been working Jack a few days ago had entered the room just as Jack was feeling up his tits, and weighing them in his hands.

"Yes, you've done what exactly?" Jack asked bemusedly. Jack said these words, but it was not his manly low tone. It was a woman's. Probably a teenager, it was quite girlish, Jack loved it. It was layered with sex. 

"Well, we have made you more user friendly to all species on our planet. Now, the women and men can use you in whatever way they like." 

"How will the women use me if I can't fuck them?" Jack touched his newly formed cunt. The doctor inspected the breasts roughly with his moist hands.

"Ah, that's the beauty of this experiment. You can change back to a man whenever you like. All you have to do is say the gender you want to be and presto, you're a man. If you get good at changing, you will eventually be able to have a cock, a pussy, and a butt hole, for as many people as possible." 

"Male" Jack said out loud, turning to the mirror. There the original Jack was, his cock erect and waiting for use, his body boobless. "Female." He tried again, and turned back to the woman version. He turned towards the male phoenix, who now had a hard cock.

"Would you like me to give you a test drive?" he asked, and without waiting for an answer, flung Jack onto the bed. 

He bent over Jack and kissed him on the lips. They kissed for a long time, their tongues fighting with each other. Jack enjoyed the new tongue he had, its size and flexibility. He was now feeling the wetness seep down his leg once more. 

The phoenix kissed his way down Jack's neck, and then his worm lips fell onto the boobs. He kissed his way down them and took a nipple into his mouth, sucking, and running his tongue over it in his mouth. His other hand came up to the other boob and started to massage it. The warm hands and these new feelings made Jack moan out at this new pleasure he was experiencing. He now knew why women loved foreplay so much.

Jack was sorry to see the man retract from his work, but became excited to see his mouth move towards the pussy. Jack had been looking forward to this feeling. The fact that he had a pussy had not quite taken hold of Jack, but when that tongue slid over the slit of the pussy, he shivered at this new feeling. Then he felt the warm wet tongue slide into the pussy.

"OH MY GOD!!!" Jack yelled. This feeling was absolutely amazing, the warm tongue sliding in and out of a slit where his cock should have been nearly sent Jack into an orgasm. He loved the fact that this male phoenix's tongue could penetrate so deep into this slit, otherwise he would have screamed. He wanted more!!!

The phoenix then brought out a finger, and slid it easily into the pussy. Jack gasped, and then collapsed as he was overwhelmed by such pleasure. However, the man only did a few thrusts before standing up and bringing Jack's body to the edge of the bed. 


Jack opened his legs. He wanted to receive this male's cock. It was big though, very big (14inches, and quite thick.) Jack was not too sure now; it did not look like his virgin pussy could take it. He did not have a choice. 

The male rubbed the juices secreted from the pussy around his cock, but did not wait long. He placed the head of his erect cock at the entrance to the tight chasm. He pushed gently and broke through. Jack gasped again. He felt pain mixed with pleasure. The cock inched gently forward, and then met a barrier. The male stalled. 

"Ready?" he asked. Jack just nodded, "remember, just relax, you'll enjoy it a lot more." Then he shoved his whole length past the barrier and to the full length of his rod until it met the fiery red pubes. 

Jack was gasping, and squirming. It felt extremely weird having this long rod inside him. He could feel the heat coming from it, even the quick pulsating. The pain slowly passed. The fun was about to begin. 

The male withdrew and thrust back. Jack's eyes started to water. The man continued. He started thrusting back and forward faster now, the sword getting more slippery and passing in and out quicker. Pleasure replaced pain as the pace quickened. The thrusting movements and the pleasure overpowering Jack's virgin body. 

"YES!!! OH FUCK THAT FEELS SO GOOD!!!!" Jack shouted. The male quickened his pace and force and was now thrusting with so much force that Jack was nearly thrown off the bed. 

"OH GOD!!! I'M ..." That's all Jack got out. He screamed as a tidal wave of pleasure overtook him, flooding through his whole body as he screamed out to celebrate the pure ecstasy that was flooding through his whole being. 

The male bent forward and pinned Jack onto his back as he started to spasm due to the huge orgasm that was coming over him. If it was not for this man pinning him down, the force of the orgasm would have made Jack fall of the bed.

The man continued to fuck with speed and force, hard and fasting, bringing orgasm upon orgasm to Jack. He had never felt anything so amazing. The orgasm as a woman felt much better than the one as a man, no matter how good the fucker was. 

He continued to fuck. The phoenix had not yet cum, and he was still going at it. Jack was in a place that was filled with stars as he rolled from one orgasm to the next, now unable to shout or yell his voice was so horse. 

Then the man started to spasm, and he fucked hard for a second, and then thrust himself as far as he could go into Jack, and cummed ropes upon ropes of the fiery liquid into Jack, which gave him an even bigger orgasm. The phoenix cummed for about a minute before withdrawing, and lapping all of the cum from the now red pussy. 

"Do you like this new body? Have you any questions?" The phoenix panted. 

"I love it even more than my other body. What's your name?" Jack said, still lying on the bed, exhausted. 

"Scuff." He replied simply. "Anything else?"

"Yes, I want you to come and see me whenever you can. You have the best cock I have ever seen, felt, or had in me. I want to suck it, fuck it, and have it in my ass."

"Tell you what, every morning; I will fuck you for one hour. See you." He finished and strode out of the room, just as Sonja strode in.

"Ahh, I see you've been given a test drive, well, now you know what to do, it's time to meet the rest of the crew."

More coming. Keep checking.