 This is a straight-to-the-point stroke story, so read it with that in mind please :)

It'll also make a bit more sense if you read the first 5 chapters before this one, although they stand alone as well.

Any feedback is welcome.

-----

Julie had been working on tuning the engines and after a hard days work, she decided to go watch a movie in the ships lounge. She was naked of course, her huge, firm tits bounced as she walked. She had been so envious of Lisa's double D's so she'd had a treatment at the space station last time they docked. Now she'd gone from a D to a large DD and she'd had them firmed up a little as well, even though it wasn't really needed.

She grabbed her belt full of dildos, butt plugs and various harnesses and strapped it around her waist as she left the engineering bay.

When she entered the lounge, the first thing she noticed was the fruity smell of vixxxen cum. In one of the reclining chairs around the middle table, she saw Lisa, their sex slave, sleeping. She was covered in cum and there was a pool of it in the chair she was in.

Julie giggled softly. The sight of Lisa's luscious fuckable body and the smell of cum, made her extremely horny. Suddenly watching a holovid movie was the furthest thing on her mind. She took off her belt and selected a trusty 12 inch strap-on that she put on, while keeping her eyes on the sleeping sex slave.

She went over to Lisa and rubbed her strap-on across Lisa's tits, getting it covered in cum for lubricant. Then she went between the sleeping girls legs and spread them apart. The sight of Lisa's pink, smooth pussy always did it for her and she slid her strap-on inside the tight hole that showed no sign of the triple penetration it had endured only a short time ago.

Lisa moaned softly, as Julie's big strap-on forced it's way inside her. She stirred, slowly waking up. "Mmmm, hi Mistress Julie," she said, rubbing the cum that covered her into her skin, as Julie started fucking her pussy.

"Hi Lisa Slave, don't mind me, I'm just gonna fuck your pussy a little," Julie said, smiling at Lisa.

Lisa smiled back and continued rubbing the cum into her skin. It worked better than any moisturiser she had ever tried and had made her skin even firmer and tighter than it used to be.

"Looks like you had some fun here," Julie said with a wicked grin.

"Oh yes we did, it was so good. I took three in the pussy at the same time," Lisa said, proud of her ability to handle even the kinkiest ideas of her mistresses.

"I wish I'd seen that, but it probably won't be the last time, eh?" Julie laughed, as she was thrusting her strap-on in and out of Lisa's surprisingly tight pussy.

"I hope not," Lisa giggled and winked up at Julie.

They kept fucking for a while, playing with each others huge tits. Lisa came twice and when Julie finally shuddered as she also came, she pulled her glistening strap-on out of Lisa's greedy pussy.

"That was great, thanks Lisa Slave," Julie said and kissed Lisa's perky nipples.

"Anytime, Mistress Julie," Lisa replied with a smile. "Shall I go back to my room now or do you want to fuck me some more?"

"Oh I'm not done yet," Julie grinned. "I can't fuck your pussy and not your ass, that would just be rude, wouldn't it?" She giggled.

"Who said ass?" Miki asked, as she entered the lounge. The short vixxxen doctor was such an anal freak, always fucking Lisa in the ass.

"Hey Miki, I was just going to give Lisa Slave a little assfucking. You can do me while I do her if you want," Julie said.

"Sure!" Miki grinned and rubbed her clit, making her smooth, 10 inch cock appear.

"Turn around Lisa Slave, put your knees on the floor and your tits on the chair," Julie said, still standing in front of their sex slave, who was on her back in the cum-stained chair. Lisa hurriedly turned around and with her knees on the floor, she leaned forward until her tits came to rest in the pool of cum she'd been sitting in.

"That's nice, such a sexy ass you have," Julie said as she knelt down behind Lisa and placed the tip of her slick strap-on at the entrance to the blondes tight ass. She pushed slowly and the head slipped inside, quickly followed by inch after inch.

Miki had been watching intently, stroking her cock. Now she got behind Julie and licked her lips at the sight of the engineers firm butt.

Julie stopped fucking Lisa and looked back over her shoulder with a naughty grin at Miki. "You're going to put that big cock of yours in my ass, huh? You're going to fuck my ass while I fuck this hot little slaves ass too?"

"That's right, I can't wait to feel your tight hole around my cock," Miki replied, as she pushed half her length inside Julie's delicious ass. As she began moving back and forth, Julie resumed her fucking of Lisa and soon, they were all moaning and groaning, as both girls had their asses stuffed.

Miki was pretty much setting the pace, pounding her cock in and out of Julie's ass and Julie could only try to match that speed with her strap-on buried deep in Lisa's ass.

It wasn't more than 10 minutes or so before Julie ran out of energy and she leaned forward until her tits were resting on Lisa's back. Then she pushed the entire length of her strap-on inside the slaves tight ass and reached forward, grabbing onto Lisa's huge tits.

Miki showed no signs of slowing down and was pumping her silver rod in and out of Julie. She even got her knees off the floor and her legs half bent, holding onto the engineer's shoulders, as she increased her pace, squirting a little cum as lubricant.

Julie looked back over her shoulder and grinned wickedly at the vixxxen doctor. "You just love fucking me in the ass, you nasty girl! Do it harder!"

Miki nodded enthusiastically, "I sure do! You and Lisa Slave have such great asses." She tightened her grip on Julie's shoulders and started just ramming her cock in even faster than before. "Is this hard enough for you?" She giggled.

Julie could just moan. She held on to Lisa, trying to move her hips back a little to fuck their sex slave, but Miki's frantic pounding made it impossible.

After an hour or so, Miki finally seemed ready to cum and she pulled out of Julies well-fucked ass and stroked her cock rapidly as Julie pulled her monster strap-on out of Lisa's tight hole. Both girls turned around, staying on their knees, opening their mouths wide and sticking their tongues out.

Miki squirted two huge loads right on Lisa's tongue, another on her forehead and one on her left cheek before aiming at Julie's face, which got all but covered until she aimed back at Lisa. This time it was her tits that received a nice load of sticky goo and she continued pulsing load after load of creamy juice until both human girls had their faces and tits covered.

"Good stuff," Miki grinned, as Lisa began cleaning Julie's face with her tongue.

Julie was pinching Lisa's nipples, enjoying how streams of cum had run down their slaves tight stomach and onto her smooth and hairless pussy.

The two girls shared the tasty cum and when they were all cleaned up, Julie took Lisa back to her room.

"Thanks for the fun, Lisa Slave," Julie said with a big smile, before she left the room.

For once, Lisa actually managed to get a full nights sleep without anyone waking her up to fuck her and she bounced out of bed, ready to take on whatever came her way. She went for a shower and couldn't help playing with her clit a little, as she stood underneath the warm water splashing down on her.

Just then, she heard a loud metallic clanking noise and the ship lurched heavily to one side. She stumbled in the shower and bumped her head on the tiled wall and passed out.

When she came to, she was sitting on a chair. Her wrists were tied behind her back and her ankles tied to the chairs legs. She was completely naked. Her vision was a little blurry, but she could make out a huge mirror on one wall and dark colors on the other three. What looked like a door was on the wall next to the mirror.

She blinked a few times, trying to clear her eyes when the door opened and two vixxxen girls entered. They were about the same height as herself and totally naked except for a belt that held what looked like a kind of gun and a baton. A gold badge was used as a belt buckle and they also had a blue cap on their heads with a white logo that said VP.

Despite her situation, Lisa couldn't help but get a little turned on by these two vixxxens. Their bodies were amazing, toned and fit. Both of them had big tits, although not quite as big as Lisa's.

"Hello miss," one of the vixxxens said. "Glad to see you're awake. I'm Officer Maria and this is Officer Kelly. We do apologize for the bump on your head. We can inform you, that you're currently held in custody by the Vixxxen Police. We have reason to believe contraband was carried on board your ship. Can you tell us your name and occupation on board the ship?"

Lisa smiled at the two policewomen. "Of course Officers, my name is Lisa and I'm a sex slave."

The two vixxxen girls looked at each other and grinned. "Have you seen this woman on the ship?" Maria asked, showing a holo-image of Lavagirl.

"Oh yes, she fucked me really good too," Lisa replied giggling.

The vixxxen girls shared another knowing look.

"So what do you think, Officer Kelly, do we need proof that Lisa is who she says she is?" Maria asked her partner.

"I think we do, Officer Maria." Kelly replied with a wicked grin. "If she can handle us fucking her, then I'm convinced she really is a sex slave."

Lisa felt her pussy moisten at the thought of these beautiful vixxxens having their way with her and she arched her back a little extra, putting her huge, firm tits on display.

Maria released the bonds around Lisa's ankles before helping her up.

"Lets take her to my office, so we can fuck her without getting interrupted," she said to Kelly.

"Good idea," Kelly grinned and grabbed Lisa's arm, pulling her along with her, through the door of the interrogation room and down a typical, nondescript corridor. They passed a few doors, before coming to Maria's office.

Inside, there was only a couch, a few chairs, a desk and a small, portable computer on top of the desk.

Kelly pushed Lisa, who still had her hands tied behind her back, onto the couch.

Maria locked the door and took off her belt and put it on the desk. Kelly did the same and the two vixxxen girls started rubbing their clits, as they approached the couch where Lisa was sitting.

Lisa felt her pussy was soaking wet already and she licked her lips in anticipation as she prepared herself for a good fucking. She watched in awe, as both vixxxens grew huge cocks. Both were around 12 inches and quite thick.

Maria stepped forward and grabbed Lisa's blonde hair at the back of her head and pushed her smooth cock inside the human girls mouth. "Now suck it good Lisa, I'm told a real sex slave has no gag reflex," she said and winked at Kelly.

Just as it so happened, Lisa did have a gag reflex, but a lot of practice sucking cocks, real and fake, had made her quite good at suppressing it. She took almost half of Maria's rod in one go. Not that she had much choice as the vixxxen policewoman was shoving her cock roughly down her throat with a tight grip on her hair.

Kelly was kneeling next to the couch and was busy sucking on Lisa's nipples. She had always loved a nice set of tits and this human girl had some of the biggest and most juicy ones she had ever seen. With her hands tied behind her back still, they jutted out like soft melons, bouncing slightly each time Maria was pulling her head back and forth.

"Ok, time for some pussy now," Maria said. "Let's flip her on her back." She grabbed Lisa's shoulders and roughly shoved the blonde onto the couch. Then she got a hold of Lisa's thighs and spread them wide apart, moving between them and plunging her huge cock into the tight, moist hole that just looked so inviting. She began just pounding away right from the start, not even letting Lisa adjust to her monster size.

"You're such a nasty girl Maria," Kelly grinned and climbed onto the couch, maneuvering one leg on each side of Lisa's head. Then she placed the tip of her cock at Lisa's mouth and wasn't disappointed when the hot blonde took it right in and started sucking it. She grabbed onto Lisa's luscious tits and started fucking their new sex toys mouth as if it was a pussy.

Lisa was in that weird place again, seeing stars and having one orgasm after the other, barely able to perceive what was going on around her. All she could feel was huge cocks sliding in and out of her tight body at both ends and Kelly's firm grip on her tits, which were being used as handles to be able to fuck her mouth harder and faster.

"I'm beginning to think she might be a sex slave after all," Maria said, after they had been fucking her like this for half an hour. "Her pussy is still tight and gripping my cock. Of course we have many tests to go before we can be sure," she giggled.

"Yeah!" Kelly laughed. "In fact, why don't we do the next test? One in her pussy and one in her ass."

"Sounds good to me!" Maria said with a smile. "As long as I get her ass. You should really try this pussy out." She pulled out of Lisa's well-fucked pussy and flipped her onto her stomach.

"Help her mount me, will you?" Maria said, as she got on her back on the couch, her enormous cock standing straight up in the air, slick with Lisa's juices.

Kelly grabbed Lisa's arms and lifted the blonde on top of Maria, so she would be riding her in her ass, while facing Kelly. Maria had a firm grip around Lisa's waist, helping her steer the hot blondes tight, little ass onto her smooth rod.

Lisa couldn't help but moan loudly, as she felt Maria's monster cock make its way up her ass. With her arms tied behind her back still, there wasn't much she could do, except let Maria set the pace and it seemed the naughty policewoman intended to be as rough with her now as before. She didn't bother letting Lisa adjust to her huge size, but just started fucking that tight ass straight away.

"Damn, nice ass on this one too," she told Kelly, as she was pounding her hips up and down, while her hands were pulling their new sex slave further down onto her cock, making all 12 inches get inside.

"I'll have to try that after her pussy then," Kelly grinned and pushed her big cock inside Lisa's soaked opening, making the human girl moan and whimper, as she was filled in both holes.

The two vixxxens fucked her relentlessly, looking for any kind of sign that she wasn't a sex slave, but she was thoroughly enjoying the hard fucking, having one orgasm after the other. If they hadn't been holding on to her, she would have tumbled off in her spasms when she came over and over.

After they had DP'ed her for an hour, Kelly pulled out of her pussy. "I'm almost convinced she's telling the truth, but we need to be absolutely sure," she winked at Maria and pushed her cock against Maria's, already lodged deep in Lisa's ass.

Lisa gasped as Kelly's cock was making its way up her ass next to Maria's. Kelly had a firm grip on her tits again, making sure she didn't go anywhere, while they both fucked her in the ass.

Kelly squirted some lemon-scented cum inside Lisa's ass for lubrication before she really started ramming her cock in deep, and soon, the two vixxxens were pounding in and out unrestrained.

Lisa lost track of the time again, all she could do was enjoy the immense pleasure and waves of orgasms that rolled over her, as these two hotties fucked her up the ass with their monster cocks.

She was so caught up in a huge orgasm, that she didn't even notice when they pulled out of her ass. They'd been fucking it for an hour straight and apparently she had passed that test as well. Now Kelly got on her back on the couch and Maria, with her firm grip around the blonde's waist, placed Lisa's pussy right above Kelly's smooth, huge cock.

"Now ride her good, Lisa. This is your last test," Maria said with a wicked smile. Then she went over to the table and got one of the batons. It was about 13 inches long, but a little slimmer than their cocks. "That will do just fine," she mumbled, still smiling, before returning to the couch.

With no warning, she went behind Lisa and pushed the blonde, who was busy bouncing on Kelly's cock, forward, so she could get access to that tight, juicy pussy as well. She pushed her own monster cock inside, rubbing up against Kelly's and started pounding it in and out, pulling at Lisa's hair and her tied hands.

After a good 20 minutes of double fucking LIsa's pussy, Maria picked up the baton and pushed it inside that stretched hole next to their cocks. Kelly grunted, as she could feel Lisa's pussy tighten up, as it was filled to the max.

Lisa was moaning and squirming, but she couldn't really do anything other than just enjoy this thorough fucking. And enjoy it, she did. Kelly squirted inside her a few times to keep her lubed up as they pounded into her pussy.

"Ok I'm convinced, she really is a sex slave," Maria grinned, as she was ramming her cock as deep as it would go into Lisa's super tight pussy. The baton, she was pushing and pulling, making it go like a piston with a life of it's own and it was a weird feeling, having it rub against their cocks inside such a stuffed hole.

All three of them really enjoyed this position. Lisa was overcome by her orgasms, as these two nasty girl cops filled her pussy with their huge cocks.

It must have been at least an hour of Lisa getting her pussy triple penetrated, before the vixxxens grew tired and pulled out. They placed her on her back on the couch and after stroking their cocks a few times, they erupted, showering Lisa's face with long ropey spurts of scented cum.

Lisa was enjoying it immensely, licking up everything that landed near her lips and swallowing it down with great pleasure. They just kept cumming and she could feel it run down her face and between her tits now. She assumed they had been saving up a few days unlike her shipmates that fucked her at least once every day.

Finally, they stopped and actually looked a bit tired.

"Wow, that was the best sex I've had this side of Alpha Centauri," Kelly said with a smile.

"Yeah, she's pretty amazing and I'm glad we did this test," Maria replied with a wicked grin.

At that moment, a bleep was heard from the door and Maria went and opened it, after disengaging the lock. Outside was another pretty vixxxen policewoman, who couldn't suppress a smile, as she looked into the office. Her eyes roaming past Kelly and Maria, with their still hard cocks out, to Lisa on the couch, her face completely covered in cum and thick streams of it running down between her tits all the way to her smooth pussy.

She cleared her throat before speaking. "We searched the ship ma'am, but found nothing. The others are still in questioning."

"Hmm ok. We're done here anyway, can you escort Miss Lisa back to her ship, please?" Maria asked the newcomer. Then she whispered something into her ear as well.

A smile flashed past her face. "Sure!"

Kelly helped Lisa to her feet and handed her over to the young officer at the door, pinching the blondes ass and smiling at her, before closing the door to the office.

"Miss Lisa, is it? I'm Officer Jenny, you can just call me Jenny though. This way, please." The pretty vixxxen said, as she led Lisa down a corridor with a light grip on her arm.

As they approached a wider part of the corridor, Lisa could hear sounds of running water. It must be the shower area, she thought, as Jenny led her through a door, into a locker room. Inside, half a dozen naked vixxxen girls were standing around talking, as they dried off after showering. They all turned to look at Jenny and Lisa and smiles broke out on every face.
