 Spacegirl awoke in stuffy darkness, lying on her side. Quickly feeling around, she realized that she was still in her drop capsule. All power was off, but she was still able to locate most of her supplies, as well as the release handle above her head. She listened for a bit, hoping for some idea of what lay waiting for her, but she heard nothing. Taking a deep breath, she pulled the handle. Dim red light flooded in, displaying the blue-gray forest canopy. Small crustaceans scuttled here and there, and fungus grew in thick strands among the various trees. Hitomi's capsule rested on its side in a swampy morass. Instead of firm ground, all she could see was mud. However, it didn't seem to be very deep. The sun was no longer visible, and appeared to be setting. It would be dark soon.

Spacegirl was wearing a skin-tight body suit, armored and water-resistant. Taking out a small backpack, she pulled out a flashlight and a laser pistol, her usual armament. Shining the flashlight revealed a vast array of tiny eyes watching her in the darkness. She closed the capsule, slung the backpack, and began slogging towards the setting sun, hoping to find some drier ground. The mud was thick, and slow going... fifteen minutes and a hundred meters later, Hitomi was gasping, exhausted from plowing through the thick mud. The only consolation was that it didn't seem to be getting any deeper. Hitomi leaned against a tree to get some rest, brushing a vine out of her face.

Suddenly, several vines dropped down, quickly coiling around Spacegirl's arms and torso, yanking her off her feet. Hitomi yelped with dismay as the flashlight and pistol fall from her grip, landing in the mud with a splat. The flashlight pointed upwards, illuminating her captor... In the tree was a large, barrel-shaped thing, open mouth at the base of it slobbering and drooling. It was covered with leathery gray hide, and a dozen or more tentacles were strung throughout the tree. Hitomi was being lifted towards the maw.

Hitomi struggled mightily, but to no effect, as the tentacles tore the pack from her and dropped it at the base of the tree. One tentacle, rough and slimy, slid down the collar of her bodysuit, between her supple breasts. Finding purchase along a seam, it tore upwards. Other tentacles joined in, making short work of Spacegirl's bodysuit.

Hitomi reached the mouth of the barrel, and was thrust inside screaming. Myriad smaller tendrils, each secreting a thick clear slime, took over where the outer tentacles left off. The lips closed over her, leaving her boot-covered feet exposed. Hitomi thrashed back and forth, expecting at any moment to feel the searing of digestive enzymes as the thing devoured her. Instead, she felt only warmth and a tingling sensation. The tendrils wriggled and writhed and massaged her smooth brown skin, and she began to relax. Strangely, she was still able to breathe without difficulty. After a moment, she began to calm down. The tendrils circled Hitomi's breasts, tweaking gently at her dark brown nipples until they jutted out proudly. Similar tendrils gently teased apart her labia, and licked at her firm buttocks. This continued until Hitomi's skin glowed with her arousal, and her breath came in ragged gasps.

"Well, this is not so bad", Hitomi thought as she gently crept towards an orgasm. Then she felt the barrel contract slightly. Something long and thick moved in the space with her, like a lumpy python. The sensual massage sped up somewhat, making it difficult for Hitomi to concentrate. She was so close to coming... Then she felt it. Something thick and blunt pressed against her spread labia, nudging her engorged clitoris. "Oh god... YES-YES-YES-OOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooo"... Spacegirl came like a gunshot, sharp and violent, as the thick tentacle pushed inward as far as her cervix. She spasmed and shook and screamed as waves of pleasure roared through her. Small tendrils tugged at her clitoris and nipples, and tickled at her delicate anus, poking in just a little. The tentacle forced its way into her womb and widened. Spacegirl could feel as the thick tube deposited several small, round objects deep inside her, and her constant orgasm was tinged with dread. She could feel the things moving down the length of the tube, entering her and joining the others. After nearly five minutes of constant orgasm, the tentacle suddenly pulled out and retracted away from her. The barrel began to convulse wildly, and Spacegirl was forcibly expelled from inside, trapped inside an alien thing one minute, hurtling through open air the next.

Hitomi landed face first in the mud. Pulling herself out, she could see that the creature had dropped from the tree, and was pushing itself away through the mud, making quick progress. Fortunately, she could still see her flashlight and laser pistol, but there was no sign of her backpack or anything else. As she stood to retrieve her things, she felt the weight of the peach-pit sized spheres shifting in her womb. That thing had impregnated Hitomi. As she began slogging towards the light of the flashlight, she felt the first of many abdominal cramps... it would be a long night for Spacegirl.

She still had no idea where she was.

And no idea she was being watched.

Private Dena Raleigh crept through the thick jungle, following the trail of something in the dark. The sun had gone down an hour ago, and she was using her night vision goggles. Small and wiry, like an Olympic gymnast, with not an ounce of extra fat, she made her way through the jungle like a cat. She had managed to escape from her landing capsule intact, and she had a pretty good idea where she was. Unfortunately, she had no idea where the rest of the squad was. She saw the troopship slam into the ground several kilometers away, and resolved NOT to go that way. Certainly the damned Intai Juhen, or "Inju's" as they were called, would be prowling around there. Dena had no desire to end up in their slimy clutches. Dena had already found the gear stripped from Sgt. Dubois, dropped carelessly to the side. She shivered at the thought of what must have happened to her, and worked the action on her gauss rifle, a pointless but reassuring gesture to the Legionary.

The trail that she followed was a human one wearing standard boots, possibly a member of the missing survey team. Deana was the squad's most experienced tracker, since she was from the colony on Tall Trees. Her woodcraft was unequalled in the squad, and she was confident of her ability to handle anything, come what may. Moving silently through the brush, she came into a clearing, and found a small dome, obviously a shelter erected by the survey team. The dome was about four meters high, and wide enough to house several people. The entrance door was open... in fact had been smashed outward, as though something large had burst out from the inside. Signs of a struggle could be seen here and there. The dome was pitted from rifle fire, and bits of rubble were scattered through the clearing, some burned or crushed, some slime covered. A single blood-spattered boot sat in the doorway incongruously, drawing the Legionary's eye.

Dena raised her gun up, and crept quietly to the doorway. Moving in silently, not even breathing, she saw horror. To the side of the doorway sat the desiccated corpse of a human male, obviously sucked dry by the Inju's. They had little use for men, usually. Moving further in, Dena discovered a large hole in the center of the floor, nearly two meters wide. It looked as though acid had burned a hole in the plastic floor material. Getting closer to the shaft, she saw that it was lined with some disgusting organic material, a wet pink pulsing substance. The shaft went down ten meter before curving away, and had a disturbingly vaginal quality about it. Dena sat and stared at the rim of the hole, which emitted a wet, faintly musky smell. A lesbian like many of the Legionaries, she was captivated by the idea of a vagina-tunnel. Dena shook the sexual thoughts out of her head. It was obviously an Inju trick, probably pheromones. It wouldn't work on Dena... she was wise to that, turning to look at the dried corpse, stripped of life so thoroughly that it didn't even attract carrion eaters. "Poor bastard", she said quietly, "never send a man to do a woman's job". Then she heard movement behind her.

Dena whirled.

Firing silently as she turned, Dena shattered the carapace of the guardian of the tunnel instantly, before it could even shriek a warning. The gauss rifle, on "low" setting, made only a soft chuffing noise as it send 3mm darts through the spider-like guardian. Preoccupied by her victory over the Inju battledrone, she didn't notice the real guardian, the hideous monstrosity which lay waiting in a tangled web at the top of the dome. Two whip-like tendrils shot downward. One slammed into her arm, knocking the gun out of her grasp. "NoooooOOOOO", she shrieked as she watched the rifle fall down the pulsing pink tunnel. The other struck Dena on the back of the head, pitching her forward and stunning her. Dena felt her feet taken out from under her as she was hoisted violently upward, flung through the air into a web, where she stuck fast.

After some time, when her head cleared, the Legionary glanced around to see her predicament. She immediately began to scream. In the middle of the dome a large creature, like a giant sea anemone, hung with flailing tentacles. Flabby sacs of fluid, bulging eyes, and a network of foul tubes that spread across the ceiling like roots. That was what had attacked her. She was nude, and her uniform and equipment lay in a wad of webbing that the anemone dropped down the pulsing chute. Around the walls of the dome was a thick web, crawling with small leechlike things and pulsing tubes. Scattered here and there, Dena could make out human figures. Across from her, a woman hung from the fibrous web, twitching and shaking, with tubes coming out of her vagina. Tattered scraps of a civilian jumpsuit hung from her. The leeches had affixed themselves to the woman's breasts. The woman was clearly not conscious, but appeared to be in the throes of an unceasing orgasm. Further over, a human shaped lump, also with various tubes coming out of it, quivered slowly. Soft moans, possibly pain, possibly ecstasy, issued forth, muffled by the thick cocoon of webbing.

Dena could see the leeches moving towards her, attracted by her movement. She thrashed and struggled, but could not free herself. Wasting no time, the first leech crawled straight to her vagina, affixing powerful suction mouthparts to her clitoris. Almost simultaneously, two more made their way across her flat, white belly and up the swell of her small gymnast's breasts. Each one took hold of a nipple, both erect with fear, and began a powerful rhythmic suction. Dena gasped unwillingly at the feel of it. Despite her bravado, she was terrified... and aroused as she had never been. No woman, certainly no man had ever made her feel like this. Moments later, two more just like it joined the leech at her vagina. One attached itself to her quivering anus, causing her to redouble her screaming and her efforts to escape. The other pushed it's slimy nose into her depths, burrowing vigorously inward. The stimulation of this, combined with the sucking, took Dena to the edge of orgasm. Only her legionary training allowed her to resist. "I shouldn't be... oh god so good... this aroused.... Got to be chemicals..." she thought, as the stimulation increased. "Can't let it make me... no... no...", she muttered, "YES! YES! OH GOD, YES!".

Her screams of pleasure quickly grew ragged and incoherent as the chemicals secreted by the leeches settled into the Legionary's bloodstream. In spite of this, Dena was conscious enough to feel the other leeches slowly laying filaments across her... she was also conscious enough to feel when long, wet tubes replaced the leeches, but continued sucking her mercilessly. Dena knew that she was fated to end up cocooned and thrashing, trapped in endless orgasm like the luckless women across from her. She felt leeches moving across her pale skin, leaving tingling trails of pleasure. As they moved across her, the leeches suckled her skin like lovers. One moved across her face, trapping her head. Dena's last sane thought as a tube moved in position to cover her face, as she looked down at the dried corpse of the man by the entrance...

"Lucky bastard."

......................

Aphrodite's Legion is used in this story with the permission of Stormbringer