 Spacy Li'l Cowgirl Part 1: Ask DNA

-June 15, 2569-

Midori scratched at her skintight, standard issue jumpsuit as she stared out the viewport at the reddish-brown and tan dust storm on Jupiter's surface. She and a couple other members of the graduating Federal Space Academy were going to relieve three crewmen aboard the station "Sakura", a mile and a half beneath the atmospheric surface.

At 5-foot-three, Midori was actually one of the taller Earth females in her graduating class. She also had high, firm C-cup breasts, a trim waist, and nicely rounded hips. Good birthing hips, her mother had said. Because of her training, she had toned muscles and a strong, slim form. All this was topped off by her pale aqua hair, and her sea-foam green eyes. She saw them staring back at her and snapped into the present as she was paged over the intercom.

"Lt. Hasagawa to the bridge. Repeat, Lt. Hasagawa to the bridge."

With a sigh, she started to walk to her summoned destination, resigning herself to a very long, and very boring, six-month tour of duty above the "Sakura".

-July 22, 2569-

Midori smiled and nodded at a tall Martian woman with deep golden skin and dark brown eyes.

"Hey, Liaisha!" The upbeat greeting was met with a large smile and a wave from one of the woman's antennae that were molded to the sides of her temples.

"Midori! We have recycle duty together again, this will be much fun!" The chestnut brown eyes closed as the alien's smile widened.

Ouch, Midori thought. Recycle duty... Bummer. Oh well... Recycle duty with Liaisha was always fun because at the end, they'd skeet shoot the rocks that flew through the atmosphere. Over a month, she reflected, and already she'd become fast friends with most of the females on board "Sakura" and all of the males. She'd become accustomed to the daily grind on-duty, and the great laughs on leave.

"Heh... Hey, Liaisha, last one out is a rotten bamboo shoot!" Midori laughed as she pushed out of the airlock and made her way to the gas recycling station ten yards from the ship.

Liaisha grinned widely and shook her head in a determined fashion. "No rotten bamboo shoot me, this time! This time is you!" Laughing, both females sped off toward their assignment.

-Later that day-

It was after duty shift. Liasha and Midori were on lunch chatting about new coolant coils that were needed for the recycling station and how best to get Commander Pinchpenny (as everyone called him behind his back) to spring for them. Another young earth female came up and set her tray down.

"Y'all mind if Ah sit here?" she drawled in her rich Texas accent, then plopped down in the seat.

"Hi, Jenny!" Midori exclaimed. "Hey, girl... You wouldn't happen to know how to get Commander Pinch- uh- Pincer to put new coolant coils for the recycle station on the requisition forms, would you? I mean, you are his administrative assistant...."

Jenny laughed. "Yeah. Y'all tell ME what you need, and Ah get it for ya. Then when the order comes in, Ah jus' tell him he put it on, and he believes me. He never remembers half of what he orders anyway. I would need ya both to do me a favor back, though."

"What is favor you need, Jenny?" Liaisha inquired quietly.

"Oh, just need some things done 'round my quarters... You know, before weekly inspection. Drop by tomorrow around 19:30, and I'll let you know."

"No problem, Jen," Midori said. "As long as we get the new parts before the old ones croak, we're good."

-July 23, 2569-

Liaisha had duty in the kitchen this morning, which meant that Midori had her shift in Hydroponics 1. This was her favorite duty of all, since the blooming plants and sound of churning water reminded her of her father's meditation gardens back in Japan on Earth. She sighed, and shook her head. No time for daydreams, she reminded herself, you have to check on the new hybrids and see if they're going well.

Her day passed like normal, mostly humdrum with a few busy spots, and a couple laughs with some of her male friends at lunch. She was just off to the gym after showering when Liaisha caught up with her. "So," the pretty alien mused, "what you think Jenny has for us to do? I wager she has us clean toilet..."

"Or scrub the shower stall..."

"Or wash the clothes she has dirtied..."

"Or press her dress uniform..."

The two went down the halls, giggling and speculating the horrible tasks that Jenny might have in store for them. When they reached the administrative rooms, they looked up Jenny's cabin number and paged her. She stuck her head out the automatic door and waved them in with a smirk.

"Come on in, girls, I have a suprise for y'all!" Her head disappeared back where it came, and Midori and her companion shrugged and followed the invitation.

They stepped into the room and stared in shock. "It- it's... Clean..." Midori stammered. "But I thought you needed us to do chores or something!"

"Nah, nothin' so drastic as all that, girls!" Jenny was cracking up. "Y'all shoulda seen the looks on your faces... Downright nervous as cats in a dog pound! Honestly though, Ah do need some help. Ya see, my father sent me cologne for my birthday, and Ah just can't wear either one. Ah think they smell absolutely atrocious, but Ah'd hate for them to go to waste... So Ah wanted to know if y'all would like 'em or know someone who would. Here... try 'em on!" She shoved a bottle of blue liquid into Midori's hand, and an amber colored bottle into Liaisha's, then put on a rebreather filter.

"Oh, Jenny, they don't stink as bad as all that, do they?" Midori asked.

"Ah told ya, Ah can't STAND them smells! Ah think they're disgusting, but they might smell nicer on you two than me..." Jenny's voice was muffled through the mask. "Go ahead, try them on."

The girls shrugged and spritzed a little on their wrists and necks. All of a sudden, Midori felt herself get woozy. Soon, she felt herself falling in slow motion, like she was gliding to the floor. Everything went black.

When Midori awoke, she stretched. She tried to sit up, then gasped as she looked to her wrists and realized they were bound to Jenny's bed with the elastic polymer they used to keep criminals locked up. A few tests on her ankles verified they were stuck fast, too.

"Baka yaro! Ieru kabu!" she screamed. "How dare you, where's Liaisha?!"

"I right here, friend Midori... Please calm, we will not hurt you. Jenny just agree to help me with you since you so oblivious to how I like you." Liaisha climbed onto the bed between Midori's spread legs and leaned over to lightly brush her long fingers over Midori's collarbone.

Midori involuntarily shivered and moaned softly. "No... please, Liaisha.. Please don't..."

"I no play down there unless you ask, okay?" At Midori's helpless nod, Liaisha began to trace her fingers all over Midori's upper body. She stroked over Midori's abdomen, then down her thighs and over her legs. Midori was trembling and moaning lightly when Liaisha finally bent her head to Midori's cocoa-colored nipples and began to lick.

"Oh!" Midori shuddered in orgasm and closed her eyes as she tilted her head back into the pillow. "Oh, Liaisha, that feels so good... Please, Li.... More?"

Her friend smiled up at her and nodded, tounging her way down to Midori's puffy, and now dripping, pussy lips. "Mm... you smell like warm peach, pretty friend." Liaisha's toungue darted out, licking the juices that had begun to collect and drip down toward the sheets. She parted Midori's lips with her fingers gently and pushed her long Martian tongue into the little Earth girl's warm honey pot.

Midori arched her back off the bed and shivered happily, moaning. Liaisha continued her ministrations with her tongue but added her tender touches on Midori's thighs and stomach. All of a sudden, Jenny came back into the room and climbed on top of the helpless prisoner. Jenny's tongue darted out and attacked Midori's clit as she ground her own blonde pussy on Midori's face.

Liaisha was fingering herself to orgasm as she sucked up Midori's streaming juices and massaged Jenny's breasts. Midori had started lapping Jenny's love-honey and both she and Jenny were moaning loudly as Jenny leaned up and played her fingers over Midori's clit. Midori came first, shuddering and diving into Jenny's muff with wild abandon. Jenny let out a little scream and climaxed herself as she clutched Liaisha's hands to her breasts. When Jenny grabbed her hands, Liasha moaned and shuddered in orgasm as well, sucking hard on Midori's pussy. They collapsed together on Jenny's bed for a short, but well-deserved, rest.

They began again not long after, and their orgy continued long into the night, each woman taking turns at both the others, cumming their brains out, drenching the bed.... the floor... the bathroom rug with their collective juices. The last thing Midori could remember as she passed out was thanking her lucky stars that none of them had to be on duty the next day.

-END OF CHAPTER 1-