 The two lovers fell asleep tangled in a mess of limbs and sweat. They were not disturbed until the morning sunlight spilled through the window. Elanor was the first to wake, finding herself curled up on Thomas's chest, she couldn't help but snuggle up closer before pressing a faint kiss to his lips to rouse him. 

"Wake up, my sweet warrior." She whispered softly. Throwing back the sheets, not bothering to get dressed before slipping out the door to her own chambers. 

Thomas dreamt of flower-filled fields and cool water. Sounds of Elanor's laughter spilled over him before his vision was filled with her beautiful face. She was dressed in purple silks that barely covered her breasts, short enough to ride up and expose her bottom and her dark hair was bound by a leather wrap held up in a topknot. One moment he was chasing her through a field of flowers and in the next instant she was on her back beneath him. Her laughter changed to slow moans and soon her clothes floated freely around her naked form. His manhood disappearing into her hot, wet sex. She rode him, hips flexing and tits bouncing in soft circles as she cooed his name. "Thomas! Fuck me, Thomas. Fuck me, my sweet warrior. Fuck! Wake up swee-" 

The kiss had roused him from his pleasat dream. He was tempted to roll over and try to regain the vision of dream Elanor's body under his. Instead, Thomas took a few moments to enjoy the sway of the real Elanor's hips . Such a sultry contrast to the way her shoulders were thrown back regally. The door had only just closed before a man opened it once more. 

A blonde-haired servant ambled in with brown trousers and a white fitted shirt, making his way to the bedside. He inclined his head to the captain of the guard and green eyes surveyed the room with a practiced gaze. Clearly, seeing a naked man in bed looking around half dazed was nothing out of the ordinary. 

"Good morning, Sir. My name is Mikal." He said as he laid out the clothing over the back of a chair. "Anything I can get you this morning, Sir?" Kneeling down Mikal picked up the tub in order to carry it out. It must have been fifty pounds easily, making Thomas blinked at the other man's strength. 

"Elves. Tough sons of bitches." The morning light highlighted his brawny frame as he crossed the room to admire the clothing. They were of elvish design, strong as steel but soft as silk and he dawned the tunic and trousers happily. The cut only improved the look of his physique and the black and silver designs gave him a more polished look than he was used to. He smirked to himself and moved to follow his lady to her chamber. With any luck, he'd catch a glimpse of her sans clothing.  

The walls of the bedchamber were the pale green of spring's first leaf. A large hole in the wall opposite the door looked like the entrance to a cave, various colored crystals adorning its circumference. The "cave" led onto a balcony which overlooked a large expanse of garden. Below, children laughed and chased each other as the serving maids were already bustling about with the laundry. Dirty linens already soaking in the brook while wet clothing dried in the sun. Elanor could pick out where her and Thomas's discarded clothing from the previous night laid. 

On her right when entering the room was her armoire, in the trunk of a still living tree. She pressed her hand to the side of the tree and it twisted to reveal her clothing. Tenderly, she pressed a kiss to its bark, a silent thank you. 

Bending down to grab an article of clothing, Elanor heard footsteps enter the room before the door shut with a soft woosh of air. 

"Do you like your clothes?" 

He passed only one servant as he angled through the hall and across to the priestess's chambers. He felt even more at ease once crossing the threshold. The same feeling of being alone in the deep forest. However, he wasn't alone, and he admired her shapely posterior as she spoke to him over her shoulder. Images of the night prior fresh in his mind, he let his eyes move over her body as she dressed. 

"I do indeed," he acknowledged, tugging at the fabrics of his sleeves. "A fine material. I won't ask how you knew my size." The suggestiveness was obvious, given their intimate evening. "I will need to return to the King by nightfall to avoid any issues with my absence but," he approached by only a step or two, giving the lady her space. "I'm yours for the day if you'll have me." 

Another unusual moment of vulnerability for the captain. Had he not shagged her rotten only hours ago, he may have been more apprehensive. But maybe she was not the sort of woman who wanted her conquests lazing about the next morning. Gods knew he'd sent more than one woman from his bed before morning came in his youth. 

"I thought you 'were only staying the night and riding out in the morning'?" She quoted, throwing his words from the previous day back at him, without any malice. Turning around while slipping a purple tunic over her head. The material was light and flowed easily in a way that did not tangle around her legs or prevent movement. Elanor liked to think that it made her look stately while still allowing for the comfort of wearing pants beneath so that she might help around the keep. Her hands smoothed down her hair absently. She didn't have time to worry about vanities now. It was different when she encountered those outside her home, like the King. But here she was above such silliness. Instead she searched her room for her working boots, 

"That was before," he smirked at the way she teased him. "Things have happened since then." He stood, admiring her as she walked about and found her boots, smiling at the half-hearted warning. 

"You can stay, if you choose," she exclaimed softly in triumph when she found the black boots and plopped down on her silken sheets to tug them on. "But be warned, I'll be putting you to work." Her grin turned into a smirk. "It may be in your best interest to escape while you can." "I'll take that as an invitation," he added, raising an eyebrow. He watched her move about and relished in how she bounced in her simple tunic. 

"Purple like the dream." He noted the coincidence. 

"If you're referring to physical labor, I'm no stranger to it." He folded his muscular arms over his broad chest. "So you're welcome to do your worst. You may even benefit having me around for the day." It's true the captain was in shape for a man his age. Strong, capable and spry. "Perhaps you'd enjoy seeing me sweat a little." He winked. 

Placing her hands over his crossed arms, Elanor went up on tiptoe to press a quick kiss to his mouth. Without waiting for him to try and seduce her back to bed, she led the way out of the room and into the stables. 

She tried to see the halls through Thomas's eyes. The blue stone that lined the floor was free of the vines that almost overtook the walls. Stained glass windows depicted various scenes in nature. One was a mother doe teaching her young child how to walk in the first days of spring. The next was a grove of trees whose branches were dotted with tiny woodland creatures. A night scene depicted an owl in flight with the full moon behind him. 

Elanor marched down the hall, her advisor Puck bounded up to her, his brown hair was hidden by a green cap, matching his white pants and simple brown shirt. Without pausing to say hello he began rattling off a list of tasks to do for the day. 

"The gardeners are asking for new tools. You have a meeting with the fairies at dusk. Dinner for tonight with be tomato soup with-" 

Elanor listened to every word as they made their way to the stable, confident that Thomas would follow. However, she had not anticipated the way he stood out, head to toe in silver and black and twice as wide as the widest guard or servant. Elven eyes raked over the large warrior as he passed. Giggles and whispers followed them after he turned each corner. Surely, he was used to attention but not this kind of attention. Fear, intimidation and the politics of the court was what he was used to. Never curiosity or, dare he think it, admiration. 

Elanor thanked Puck for his updates and was met with a curt nod before he scampered away. Likely to try and steal some of the food from the cook before tonight's dinner. Then she turned her attention to the magnificent beast before her. Each of the beautiful horses stood in their own pen. Usually they would have already been fed by this time of day, but Elanor had specifically assigned the task to herself. She quickened her pace to a light jog, eager to close the space between her and the horses. As she approached, she noticed that there was no one about. The maids had finished their work outside and had returned inside to do some cleaning, taking the children with them. Scooping up a discarded brush, the priestess called to Thomas 

"Think fast!" As she whipped the brush squarely at his chest, but Thomas caught it easily. 

"I'd expected something a little more grueling to start but I'll happily take grooming as a warmup." 

It was a beautiful morning and he found the tension in his neck and shoulders dissipate further without the burden of highly scheduled life at court. I should really take more holidays. He smiled and turned to her., rolling up his sleeves, revealing his muscles forearms. 

"Where do you want me?" 

Elanor couldn't help but chuckle at her companion's wittiness. Her days about the keep were often face paced and full of busywork, though she tried to offer a smile to everyone she bumped into. Having Thomas around was sure to make the chores easier, and not just because she'd have an extra set of hands. 

"Why don't you start with your own horse at the far end over there," she gestured down the line at the first stall. "I'll start at the opposite end and we can meet in the middle." 

Picking up her own brush, she shielded her eyes from the sun. 

"It's about noon so it shouldn't take more than an hour to brush and feed the horses." She flashed him her pearly whites "Maybe if you're a good boy, we can take our horses out for a ride." 

"Good boy." His whole life he had been "good." Well, he has strived for the greater good. If that came at a cost, he had paid it. Perhaps that's why the priestess was so appealing. She embraced the present moment and was free from the politics of the court and crown. He let her have her fun and kept quiet. They tended to their horses and he found his has been well fed and tended to. Each horse in the stable was the same; beautifully bred, manicured and looked after. It had been a long time since he had done stable work and the got afternoon sun felt good on his back. Despite the cool feeling of the tunic he was gifted, Thomas wanted to feel the breeze on his skin and, almost absentmindedly, removed his top. Indeed, the sun felt amazing on his broad back and he felt himself having fun for the first time in years. He may have stolen a few extra glances at the priestess as well. Purple was rather flattering on her and the way she leaned and bent over as she worked was quite pleasing. 

"I will have her again." 

Setting about her work with a single-minded focus, Elanor cooed at the horses, speaking as she brushed and fed them, telling her about the goings-on since the last time she'd seen them. 

"Well you see that handsome fellow," she pointed to Silvercloud "is a visitor here." Her brush moved in slow, rhythmic lines through the horsehair. "He stayed the night and had so graciously agreed to help me with you lot," she gave the horse's rump a playful pat "which is very nice, considering how much work you all are." 

Moving onto the next horse, she kept up her steady stream of commentary. 

"He does look rather nice without a shirt on, doesn't he?" She mused, speaking to a grey gelding whose ears twitched as she spoke. "We may have to keep him around." 

Catching Thomas's eye over the beautiful animal, she gave him a soft smile before returning her attention to her work. 

He had never lain with an elven girl. Sure, he had his fair share of women. Human mostly but here had been others when he had been away on campaigns. Dwarf women were the most direct. Orc women the wildest... he chortled at the memory of bedding two orc women at once. He had nearly been knocked unconscious from their enthusiasm. The closest to any healer or spell caster had been Elanor the Elf. She was in another realm. Soft, sensual, powerful and serene. She could not help but heal, he knew that now. The day danced on and so did these random thoughts as they finished their stable work. He had always feared he may fall for someone like her, having always imagined such a warrior woman for much of his adult life. And here she was smiling at him. Still wanting him after a night of passionate lust. 

"Not there yet." He mused. 

The sun was low in the sky by the time they finished with the horses. Elanor made sure to give them each a kiss in turn as she said goodbye, stopping occasionally to scratch one between the ears or rub a muzzle. She was greeted with delighted whinnies and often nudges for more, which only made her laugh. 

Looking to the sky once more she scrunched her nose in thought. Dinner would be ready soon and it would not do to be late. It was the most important meal of the day, a chance to share the successes and losses of the day and bond the members of the keep in solidarity. As their leader, it was important that she be there to hand out praise as well as solve problems, as it also served as an informal town hall. 

Scooping Thomas's discarded shirt off the ground, Elanor chucked the fabric lightly at his head. This time, she managed to hit him squarely in the face. She couldn't contain a snort and ended up bent double, clutching her sides in helpless laughter. 

Thomas was lost in thought when he noticed the longer shadows and the change on the wind. He had not even noticed the afternoon passing as quickly as it had. Finishing his work, he stood up straight and stretched and turned to where the lady had been standing. 

"I think perha-mffp!" The tunic had caught him hard and fast in the face. Her laughter came shortly after and when he pulled the tunic down, he was treated to the elf bent over, in love with herself for catching him off guard. A vulpine grin creased his lips and, after throw in his shirt over the stable door next to him, he launched himself at her, throwing her up over his shoulder like a sack of wheat. She was light and soft, and his arm pinned her there as he scooped up his tunic and causally began the long walk back to the keep. "It's getting late," he said over top of her little sounds of protestations. "I think perhaps I may need to take my leave soon, should the lady of the keep be done with me." He enjoyed holding her and as he walked further into the shadow of the temple, he noticed his cheeks were aching from the tension gathered there. He hadn't been able to stop smiling. 

"Thomas, I swear, if anyone sees us like this, I will personally drag you back to the king myself." Her fists pounded on his back, but to no avail. If anything, he was even more smug that he had so easily overpowered her. Quickly she gave up her strategy of threatening him. She began drumming her fingers on his shoulder, waiting until he had had his full of amusing himself at her expense. 

Her eyes went skyward, watching the sun streak the sky in red and purple hues with a little bit of orange thrown in for good measure. Following the trail of clouds give way to the sinking sun and her eyes met the horizon. 

"I'll make you a deal." Elanor said suddenly. "Put me down and I'll have a surprise for you after dinner." 

He actually laughed a little as the stream of threats unravelled, slightly muffled, from over his shoulder. "Mhm... oh yes, I'm sure you will, my air and powerful lady." His eyes lift to the blazing pastels of the dusk horizon, a pang of melancholy hitting him gently in his ribs. "One whole day. They may come looking for me soon." 

His thoughts were interrupted by the sudden change in her voice; low and measured. He stopped and turned his head to the side, addressing her round posterior. 

"I'm listening." With a quick flip he lowered her to the ground. Her beautiful face expressed something between vexed and amused and a few locks had fallen out of place. It was perfect. Thomas raised an eyebrow. "Well?" 

She puffed a lock of hair out of her face in frustration. She was happy to be back on the ground again but missed the solidness of his arms. The nearness of his body as she laid draped over his shoulder. 

"I can't tell you, or it won't be a surprise." Her voice the picture of frustration, though it was mostly for effect. "But you'll see it after dinner." 

Taking a step closer she pressed herself against him, basking in the warmth emanating from his exposed chest. Going on tiptoes she whispered in his ear. 

"And maybe," she purred "you'll get to see something else as well." Her head angled as if to kiss him. She waited until she was sure he had his eyes closed and made a mad dash for the manor, laughing as she went. 

He shivered as she moved in and whispered into his ear, playing him like a damn fiddle. His eyes closed as she moved to kiss him and he felt his melancholy disappear with her proximity. He hadn't kissed her all day out of respect for her station. He didn't want her dealing with rumour and innuendo but now he felt just how much he wanted to kiss her again. 

Then he heard her run away from him. By the time he'd opened his eyes, she was halfway across the courtyard. Blasted elves and their fleet feet. He gave chase, darting across the yard and closing the gap between faster than any average man could have. He snaked our a long arm, laughing as he closed his han- 

Boof! 

In his haste, the Captain has not seen the side door to his right. Not had he anticipated the two elven servants to barrel through it carrying supplies for the evening's dinner. He certainly had not expected to catch the heavy wooden door in the face and the blow and knocked him onto his back on the gravelled courtyard behind him. His hands shot up to his nose. Broken. 

"Dow would be a dood dime for one of dose healer tricks of yours, by lady," he muttered from in his back. 

She heard rather than saw him closing the distance between them, could almost sense the smug smile on his face as he reached out for her. Her keen elf ears heard footsteps approaching behind the wooden door, but she was too slow in turning to warn Thomas. Almost faster than she could blink, he had run into the door and was laid out flat on the ground clutching his nose. 

Immediately, she rounded on the servers, about to reprimand them at full volume. But one look at their petrified faces stilled her. She let loose a soft sigh and told them that it was alright, she would take care of their injured guest. That they should run along and make sure dinner was not late. 

As they bowed and scampered off, Elanor knelt in front of Thomas, gingerly helping him sit up. Bright blood gushed down his face and disappeared down the front of his tunic, some staining his throat and chest below. 

"Take a moment to catch your breath." was the first instruction she gave him, voice calm but firm. She was the expert here. "You probably had the wind knocked out of you." 

He nodded and breathed deep, still clutching his nose. He had sustained much worse. Wounds did not concern him for it was part of his job. Though he particularly found comfort when a healer was nearby. He had been opened right up on the field before, which was unpleasant, but had been saved and healed by the cleric presiding over his battalion. He still remembered the feeling of being hamstrung and crushed simultaneously by the Orc blade of one foe and the orcish hammer of another. The soothing breeze of the healer's spell that followed was the next thing he felt. "We'd thought you dead, Captain," His commander told him. "Thankfully you aren't, though I'm afraid your ugliness has not been cured." Prick. 
