 After the movie ended, Emmy woke up cooing, "That feels good Scott". I smiled, leaned down, and gave Emmy a kiss.

She wrapped her arms around my neck and said, "Scott, I think if you agree we need to make some more changes to the house."

I smiled and asked, "What kind of changes?"

Emmy smiled, "Well, we grew up playing video games so I would think we need a game room."

I said, "Sounds good. I wish for a game room with 3 big TVs, a PS4, Wii U, and Xbox One. I also wish for every game for every system." 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." Her eyes glowed for a moment and then she announced, "It's done." We got up, went to the new room that had appeared and looked around.

I laughed and said, "Wow Emmy, you even put in posters, figurines, and other stuff in here. Awesome!"

Emmy smiled, "I saw it in your mind Scott, that's why I did it. You were imagining all this stuff when you said game room."

I gave her a kiss and said, "Thank you."

We sat down in the new game room, still naked, and started playing on the PS4. Emmy was having a blast while I was watching her jiggle in her seat. I kept getting distracted by her sexy little body wiggling while playing.

I got up and said, "I want to do a few more things real quick." Emmy turned off the game and jumped up from her seat.

I smiled at her and said, "I wish we had a really bad ass backyard with a swimming pool, pool house, and grill area on a patio."

Emmy got a really huge smile on her face, "Your wish is my command." her eyes glowed for a moment. "It's done," she said and then she ran out the new backdoor onto the patio. I followed behind her and stepped onto the patio as well. I looked around and was amazed at what she had done to the backyard.

She created a whole new design for the backyard. It now had a water slide, Jacuzzi, diving board, the whole nine yards. The pool was surrounded by a black onyx-looking tile deck while the inside of the pool was tiled with black tiles with gold imprinting on it. I laughed when I realized that the gold inlays were in the shape of genie lamps. The pool house looked like a miniature version of the main house. The patio had a pale black wood plank design and a new grill with a really nice outside dining set. As I was looking around I noticed that the fence around the yard was kind of small. I told Emmy that I wished we had a wall surrounding the backyard that was 8-10 feet high, colored the same way the house was.

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." her eyes glowed a moment and instantly a wall appeared where the fence used to be. It was beautiful black stone with light fixtures on top of it lighting the pool and yard.

After it was done, I looked at Emmy and said, "Thank you, the house is looking almost as beautiful as you."

Emmy blushed, "Thank you Scott, I am happy to be a part of making your house a home."

I put my finger to her mouth and said, "It's not just my home, it's our home."

Emmy started crying, "Scott, I am just your djinn. Why are you acting so nice to me? My kind is used to being treated as slaves but you are showing kindness and love."

I smiled and lifted her eyes to meet mine and told her, "You aren't now, nor ever will be a slave. You are my friend, and maybe a little later on more. If you will accept me that is."

Emmy looked at me with tears in her eyes and said, "Scott, I would be anything to you that you want me to be. However, I am still your slave. It's just part of my makeup." I stopped her from talking by giving her a kiss.

I told her, "I wish you would stop referring to yourself as anything but my friend for now."

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." Her eyes glowed for a moment. "It is done Scott. Why did you do that?"

I smiled and told her, "Because you aren't a slave, you're my friend. As you have always been."

Emmy smiled a bright smile and gave me a hug, "Thank you. As I said my kind isn't used to being treated nicely. It is written in our minds that we are slaves and nothing more." 

I looked at her and asked if I could wish her to be free.

Emmy gave a sort of half smile. She answered, "Yes you can Scott, but there are a few problems with wishing me free. One is that you would lose everything you have wished for."

I said, "I could deal with that."

Emmy got a serious look on her face. "The other problem is that the minute I was freed I would cease to exist. I only have my magical form so if I was freed from being a djinn, the minute my magic faded my body and mind would as well."

I looked at her and said, "Then that's one wish I wouldn't want to make, unless you wanted me to."

Emmy smiled, "After being away from you for 2 years, there's no way I would want that." I asked if it was possible for me to give her free will to make decisions on her own.

She smiled, "I actually have more free will than others like me, due to me growing up with you for almost 15 years. Your free will has rubbed off on me. But, if you mean can you give me the ability to use my power on my own then the answer is no. It's a rule that's etched into our powers to keep us from turning on our masters." 

I smiled then pulled her into my arms and gave her a kiss.

She moaned into my mouth then pulled away. "Scott," she said, "just so you know there's a lot of stuff I haven't told you about myself and my abilities."

I smiled and said, "I know a lot about you already." I then sat down. "But, tell me everything. However, if I am going to be able to listen to you, you'd better put some clothes on. Otherwise I'll be seriously distracted." 

Emmy giggled and magically clothed herself.

"Is this better, Scott?" she asked and I nodded my head. 

Emmy said, "First thing you have to know is normally Djinn's aren't created until someone releases them from their vessels. I am different though. When you were a baby you actually summoned me accidentally. 

Since you were still a baby, I had to create a family and such to stay close by you. Once you got older, I made my fake parents seem like they died and your parents took me in. After a few years your father caught me using my abilities to summon clothing and I told him everything. 

Your parents are amazing people, and they allowed me to continue watching over you. Once you and I turned 16, my powers started acting up and I had to erase the knowledge of myself from everyone except you so that I could return to my vessel and re-power."

I smiled and said, "Well that explains that sudden disappearance and how no one else remembered you."

Emmy smiled, "Yes, it had to be done so as not to cause you or your parents any trouble. My sudden disappearance would have caused questions to be asked by the police and probably would have ended up with you or your parents accused of murder or whatever. Once I returned to the ring, the master djinn put a new lock on my vessel so that once you were old enough you had to complete 3 trials to unlock it and release me again. 

I did ask her to explain to me how the last stone had started glowing, "I looked into the meanings of the different stones, and I know why the first two started glowing, given that you told me in a dream. I still don't understand what caused the third one to glow, though. Diamonds represent longevity and balance, but I didn't do anything at that time that would reflect those meanings."

She giggled at me, asking "and who told you it was a diamond? I certainly didn't. The last stone is actually a very special blue topaz, but it's coloring is so light it only really comes out when the stone is activated."

"Oh," I replied. "What's the meaning of the blue topaz, then?"

"It has long been associated with overcoming fears and obstacles. It's a traditional stone for people of higher thinking, like scientists and other intellectuals, since it's used to encourage higher thinking. It's also often used to ease mental anguish."

Understanding dawned on me. 

I had been talking to my father about my mother's health, and told him not to give in to the grief and helplessness he had to have been feeling at the time. 

I was helping him overcome the fear, and I had also been trying to ease his terror at the thought of losing my mom. 

"The first trial was one of awareness and wisdom. You were aware enough to know you were in love with someone else and had the wisdom to stop yourself from going too far. 

Second was a trial of love for your fellow man. You showed it when you helped that poor unfortunate man and helped him at a point where he was unable to help himself. 

Third was a trial of intellect and understanding, along with the emotional understanding of others pain. You had the intellect to look past the current situation and help ease your father's despair. In comforting your father in such a situation, you showed for a third time that you were able to put someone else above yourself."

Emmy continued, "You passed all 3 trials faster than expected. Usually it would take more than a week. Now that you know the truth of the ring and me, I need to tell you about my abilities. 

First you know about my ability to grant you wishes, but what you don't know is that I have passive abilities that aren't for granting wishes. Since you are my master, you automatically have certain protective magic. You can't get ill or die from sickness or disease. 

Second, you can't be injured since my powers would stop any injury you would sustain. 

Third, your lifespan is drastically increased. You will still die of old age but not for a very, very, long time. From the moment you released me you will only age 1 year for every 10 years of life. 

However, you can choose to wish the aging process away completely, basically making yourself immortal, with one simple wish. Also, as long as you are alive I will be as well, since I am bound to you. Once you die I will as well".

I smiled, "Well all that sounds good, especially us being together forever."

Emmy blushed, "I agree. Now that you know about my abilities, what do you really think? " I stood up grabbed her and gave her a kiss. At the same time, I grabbed her ass and pulled her up into my arms.

Emmy giggled "I like this, but it think it would feel better like this." With that, our clothes vanished, leaving my cock tapping at the entrance to her pussy. Emmy giggled then reached down and guided me into her wetness. She let out a moan as I slipped into her sopping tunnel.

I laughed and said, "My horny little genie couldn't wait anymore, huh?" Emmy blushed and shook her head as she started rocking her hips in my arms. I carried her back to the bedroom and laid her back on the bed. I pulled out of her, and Emmy looked at me with disappointment in her eyes. I laid down next to her and started kissing her. Her hands started roaming over my chest as I did.

I started working my way from her lips to her cheek, and along her jawline. Once I got to her ear, I nibbled a bit and she started moaning while trying to pull my mouth back to hers. 

However, I went lower instead, to her collarbone and then to her small tits. I was nibbling all over one while fondling the other one. No sooner did I bite down on her nipple than she let loose a torrent of juices from her pussy, screaming out loud. 

I again started making my way downward until I got to her pussy and started nibbling the outer lips over and over again. I had an evil idea and made a silent wish that Emmy's sensitivity would double and that she couldn't have an orgasm until I said so.

Emmy stopped moaning long enough to say, "Your wish is my command." Her eyes glowed for a moment. "It's done. Hey, wait a minute, what did you just wish for Scott?"

I looked her in the eyes and said, "For a bit of torture is all." I then went back to sucking and nibbling her outer pussy lips. Emmy was writhing all over the place moaning constantly. I finally latched onto her clit and she acted like she was going to orgasm, but then discovered she was stuck on the edge.

She started rocking her hips while screaming, "I cannot cum. Oh god Scott, what did you do to me? Please let me cum!" I inserted a finger into her overly juiced pussy and started fingering her and working her clit at the same time, in a very fast rhythm.

She started screaming, "FUCCCCK LET ME COME! PLEASE GOD!" 

I smiled while still flicking her clit with my tongue. I continued the torture for about 20 more minutes until I could see Emmy was at her utter limit.

I stopped, looked up at her, and said, "You can cum now Emmy."

She let loose, screaming at the top of her lungs, "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!" Her pussy began to spray, so much that I got drenched, as did the bed all around us. 

Emmy was convulsing and pounding her fists into the bed with her back arched at such an angle that if she was actually human I would have been afraid her back was broken. When she finally stopped orgasming, I let her calm down while rubbing her stomach. After about 10 minutes she finally relaxed.

Emmy looked at me with a sexy grin "Scott, that was so intense, but you'd better not be done yet." 

I smiled and got between her legs and started rubbing the head of my cock against her pussy lips and clit. She started bucking her hips trying to get me inside of her. 

I put my hand on her stomach and pushed her down on the bed.

She gave me a pleading look and said, "Please fuck me, I can't wait anymore." I finally gave in and slowly slid in.

Emmy started thrashing around screaming, "Why can't I cum? It's like I am stuck right on the edge. God why can't I let go?"

I laughed and said, "Ooops, I wish you back to normal. You can cum whenever you want."

Emmy said, "Your wish is my commahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." She started thrashing around, her back arching at that extreme angle again as her orgasm pulled me along with her. I shot a huge load inside of her, causing her to go into another orgasm on top of the last one. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she suddenly went limp.

I pulled out of her and laid down next to her, holding her. She finally came back to her senses and looked at me.

"Scott, what did you do to me?" she asked.

I smiled and said, "I wished for your sensitivity to double and that you couldn't cum until I said you could."

She gave me a look, then said, "That was really mean, but I loved it." She jumped on top of me and started kissing me. After a few minutes, we laid down and she cuddled up to me as we fell asleep.

When I woke up, Emmy wasn't beside me. I started looking around for her and I finally found her in the backyard, skinny dipping in the pool. I ran and dove into the pool. We swam around for a little while playing and dunking each other. Finally we got out of the pool and laid back on the deck chairs just to relax.

I told her, "Let's go take a shower real quick then go out to eat."

Emmy gave me a smile and got up, "Sounds good." We walked back inside the house to the bathroom.

I told her, "I wish for a shower with shower heads all around the shower, as well as a waterfall head on the ceiling."

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." her eyes glowed for a moment and instantly the bathroom expanded a little bit and the new walk-in shower appeared. 

We got inside and started cleaning each other off, washing every inch of each others bodies. I saved Emmy's hair for last due to its being so long and thick. As I was washing her hair, she was letting small moans out. I laughed and asked if having her hair washed turns her on.

She giggled, "Yes, it does. I don't know why though."

I laughed and said, "It's fine with me, I am learning more and more about you as we go."

Once we finished soaping each other up, I turned on the waterfall to rinse us off. We stayed under it, kissing and fondling each other for about 15 minutes. We finally pulled away from each other and started drying each other off. Once we were out of the shower and dry, I heard my phone ringing. I ran to grab it. When I answered it, it was my parents calling to see if Emmy and I wanted to come over for dinner. I asked Emmy if she wanted to and she just smiled then nodded her head. I told them we would be over soon and hung up. Emmy began rushing around the room asking what she should wear. I walked up to her and said you look good in anything you wear, just put something comfortable on. Emmy smiled and instantly she was wearing a small black shirt, black and red skirt, black flats and her hair was curled, primped and cascaded down her back and over her shoulders.

Emmy looked at me and asked, "Is this OK Scott?"

I went to her, raised her head, and said, "You're beautiful." I then bent and gave her a kiss. "Now I gotta figure out what to wear. Since I changed my body, none of my current clothes will fit me."

Emmy giggled, "Scott, just tell me what you want to wear and I'll make it happen."

I told her, "Just a simple pair of black jeans, a t-shirt and tennis shoes." She smiled and instantly made the clothes I mentioned appear on me.

She giggled and said, "I think I need to make the jeans a little bigger, I can see your cock outlined in the leg of your jeans."

I laughed and told her, "I agree. I don't want to give my mom a heart attack."

Emmy giggled and made my jeans a little bigger. "There you go Scott, a lot better."

I gave her a kiss and said, "Okay beautiful, let's head over to my parent's house."

On the drive over to my parent's house, Emmy was fidgeting in her seat. I asked her what was wrong and she looked at me.

"Scott, your parents are going to be mad at me," she said timidly, "I was the cause of your mother having a stroke."

I smiled and told her, "My parents aren't gonna hold it against you. They always loved you and will be happy to see you again. Plus you healed my mother so there was no harm done."

Emmy smiled, "I hope you're right, but I still feel bad about it." I put my hand on her hand and squeezed it. She gave me a bright smile and said, "Thank you Scott, you always know how to make me and others feel better."

We pulled into my parent's driveway and got out of the car. My mother was on the porch waiting for us. As soon as my mother saw Emmy, she ran up and hugged her

"Welcome back sweetie," she said with tears in her eyes, "I am so glad to see you again." Emmy hugged her back and started crying. My dad came out and shook his head at them before he pulled them inside the door. I just started laughing as I walked in and shook hands with him. Emmy and my mom sat down at the table and started talking while my dad had me go out back to help him grill. I gave Emmy a kiss and went out back to help.

My mom looked like she was shocked, "Are you two together now? Please tell me you are."

Emmy told her, "I'm not really sure yet. We kiss, hug, and we have had sex, but Scott hasn't told me that he loves me yet and hasn't asked me to be with him. However, I get the feeling he does love and want me. I don't want to force him to decide though, I will let it happen on its own."

My dad and I sat out back cooking and talking for a while about anything he brought up. Eventually he asked me about mine and Emmy's relationship. I told him we had been passionate with each other but I didn't want to rush into anything too fast.

He smiled and said, "Well son, she's your genie and as of now you are basically immortal, so I guess you can take your time. If I was you though, I think I would have asked her to at least be my girlfriend already. You two grew up together for 16 years, after all."

I sat there, shocked by his words, until I remembered that she had told him all about herself when she was younger. 

I smiled and said, "I know dad, but we haven't seen each other in 2 years. We, or at least I, have to get to know her again.

We finished cooking the food and called the women outside to eat. Emmy came running outside first followed my mom. Emmy ran over to my dad and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek.
