 As I wake up again Amy is still lying on top of me and is fast asleep. I finally have time to think.

So about 19 hours ago I woke up in a hospital having received surgery for modifications of my mental and physical capabilities. 

Then about 18 hours ago, the most powerful man alive told me that he has created me, and others were genetically modified or artificially created as part of a secret, illegal and probably immoral operation ran by Aurora.

Also that I am to lead to lead the first manned colonisation effort outside of our home system, how we could get anywhere is still a mystery to me, but I hope they figured something out.

And I might have to carry out a genocide.

All in all that's fucked up, but somewhat fits together with my past. I never knew my parents, which probably were Mr. Autoclave and Mrs Testtube, and was told they died in an accident while I was in my earliest class in kindergarten. I was raised by Aurora employees in Aurora buildings on Luna. I went to schools funded by Aurora and still eat food created and shipped using Aurora services.

So, 2 things are fucked up here. The genetic modification of unborn children and the utter monopoly of Aurora on everything.

I graduated I'm flight school, again run by Aurora, in 2244, 6 years ago, as best in class. Only one student was better in our entire solar system, but apparently she vanished shortly after her graduation. 

I heard she was testing a new kind of engine and it went wrong but I also never knew her so I never really cared that much.

I don't know what I am getting myself into, but as of right now I will go with the flow I guess.

A rustling forces me out of my thoughts, and I see Amy looking up at me, my cum still all over her upper body, dried onto her skin and into her pink hair.

She looks up at me with a naughty grin and I see her hand going towards my cock, slowly wrapping itself around it. Beginning to sensually jerk me to full hardness.

Then she begins to slide up my chest, never stopping to stroke me. She aligns her already wet slit with my hard rod and slowly pushes down. Slowly engulfing my cock in her wet and searing hot pussy.

She begins to moan as she rides me at a leisurely pace, get big boobs rocking up and down in time with the strokes. 

Her pace is getting quicker as she appears to be slowly overwhelmed by pleasure. Her mouth hanging open as she moans louder and louder until her entire body tenses up and she stops moaning as her lower body begins to spasm.

Her pussy clenching around my dick sets me off and I orgasm. Filling her up and prolonging her orgasm before she collapses on top of me once more.

She drifts away and I am effectively alone once more.

Of course all of this has benefits to it in probably less than 36 hours I had more sex than in my entire time as Pilot. Or that I now know why I am pretty good at piloting my ships. If pretty good means double the goods for three quarters of the fuel compared to most normal pilots. Or doing the Jovian run in 24 days rather than 49.

I was made for piloting. I am essentially proof of the good sides of genetic engineering. As amoral as it is. Obviously most people would recoil at these thoughts and probably end up in an existential crisis all like 'Who am I?! Why?' but I am pretty simple.

Being genetically modified or not doesn't change who I am. It doesn't change the fact that life doesn't get to have a purpose unless all of us give us one. We are the ones we live for. Our principles and morals are ours and what we do is guided by our consciousness. 

Yes, there might be a 'god' but we stopped believing once earth became uninhabitable. Most of us anyways. And now 150 years later most religions died out. Either because most of their members died on earth, or because their members stopped believing. The few that survived barely held on to a couple of thousand members each. But were all fairly conservative and extremist.

Of course Christianity survived in the form of bibles and turn of words but it barely has 1100 believers strewn across all possible confessions.

It actually became custom to read the first verse if the bible out loud when the engines of a new ship were started up for the first time.

And before you ask, no I don't believe in any god. I reject to accept the existence of omnipotent and omniscient beings as they contradict themselves.

A knock on the door janks me out of my thoughts again. It's Jayne, looking if we're still asleep.

But I ask her: "Hey, erm, where are the showers around here?" before she can even ask something.

She points to a door in the wall to the left of the bed and asks: "Coffee, black or with Milk or sugar, both?"

I answer: "Black, please."

She nods and leaves. Now I have to figure out how to wake up that beautiful girl lying on top of me without startling her. Maybe I should poke her?

I chuckle, of course I shouldn't. Poking people might be fun, but rarely wakes them up without startling them. Or at all. 

Luckily I got an idea. 

I let my hands slide down her back to her nicely shaped ass. I let my hands gently squeeze one buttcheek each. Then I gently slap one and squeeze it slightly harder.

Until she groans and wakes up.

"Please...just five more...minutes..."

I continue my technique and she finally realises that she should get up.

Yawning she sits up on my stomach and looks somewhat lost. She looks around and realises where she is and that her upper body is somewhat covered with dried cum.

She looks at me, yawns again and says:" We need a shower." 

I nod and she gets up. Immediately heading to the shower. I follow her and slip in behind her.

The shower is state of the art. With nanobots as part of the water to decrease water consumption and increase water recyclability. Those nanobots can't replicate on their own. They just decompose any dirt into the easiest to filter out compounds or those which are the most use in the water. These showers are really expensive to buy and run.

I begin to shower together with a hot girl I had fucked 15 minutes ago.