 The shower goes pretty quick, the nanobotic water tickling on my body and the temperature just right. I quickly dry myself using essentially a big blow dryer in the ceiling, because water is precious and every drop not used for making the laundry is a drop useable for hydroponics or human consumption. 

I dress in a new, and way too tight, uniform, clinging to me like a second skin, except in the crotch. It's very similar to a G-Suit, used by fighter pilots back when we still lived on earth, but is way tighter and extremely light. It also integrates a belt with a holster, which is empty as of right now, a small pouch, safety straps for flight seats and an interfacing system to monitor the wearer's vitals. Such design features are common in military applications and not in civilian ones. Making me aware of Aurora's enormous power once more.

I leave the room and am greeted by Jeyne, who hands me a cup of steaming black coffee and a data pad. I go into the main living area, whilst taking a glance at the pad. It contains a lot of Data on my new ship, lots of technicalities and some data sheets on the layout and propulsion systems. I sit down and take a closer look at the propulsion systems.

They're unusual in a lot of ways, with the engine pods located at the front and slightly offset, with smooth cut outs along the hull for the exhaust gases. The engines themselves are unconventional but ingenious in their design. Effectively powered by the energy released when metallic ions break out of a structure when the metal sublimates in the near vacuum of space. As a metal, if you can say that, solid-metallic hydrogen is being used, a metastable form of hydrogen created in extreme pressure. The process is accelerated by pre-heated fluorine gas, which will both support the reaction of the fuel but also react with the fuel violently to get even more power out of it. The end exhaust gases are 90% hydrogen and 10% hydrofluoric acid, being propelled at speeds in excess of 58% of the speed of light. Translated, this engine has a lot of power and is efficient at the same time.

Even more interesting is however how the fluorine gas is getting preheated. Essentially its being fed through coils around the nuclear reactors powering the ship and both increasing engine efficiency and reactor cooling. However, it's not just all positive, for example, we're cooling the nuclear reactors both with water and with the most reactive element known to mankind in relative close proximity to each other, which means if there's a leak then we get hydrofluoric acid in our reactor cooling circuit which is hooked up to a heat exchange to the secondary cooling circuit which is hooked up through a heat exchanger to the ship warm water system and the electrical generators.

Now that we've covered the engines and the reactors I look at the crew facilities, well, they're simple yet luxurious. The crew quarters aren't the biggest but they fit 3 people each, one male and his 2 female assistants and co-workers. Each room has its own bathroom with nanobotic showers. The rooms are all on a circular hallway around the ships core facilities, the bridge in the very middle with a customisable control layout to suit the needs of the pilots. Directly behind is the kitchen and dining room and we'll actually get real food aboard the ship. Behind that is the living and activity room, containing a small gym and the most powerful consumer electronics we have built until now.

It isn't just luxury though, even with bone and muscle growth enhancing mods it's necessary for us to follow a strict training routine in order to offset the effects of zero gravity, and even with more people than I and most pilots are used to on board, the electronics are necessary to keep us sane in the dark void of interplanetary and even interstellar space.

Between the living room and the hangar is a facility that surprises me, the cryogenics bay, according to the schematics I read, it appears that about 5000 human embryos will be travelling with us. And the worst is something that was supposedly impossible, everyone on board is going to be frozen as well, in something called semi-cryogenic-stasis, I don't understand what it is, but it appears that Aurora has found a way to safely keep adult humans in cryogenic suspension and revive them.

If I am honest, I thought it was impossible. Both interstellar travel but also cryogenic suspension of adult people.

If feel someone tapping my shoulder gently and I look up from the pad. I see Jeyne looking directly into my eyes.

"You did realise that your coffee is empty, right?" She asks sarcastically.

"Er...yes..." I answer, realising that my coffee cup is, in fact, empty.

"Then why did try taking a sip from an empty cup of coffee? Do you want more?" She smirks at me.

"Of course I want more coffee." I answer and hold out my cup. She quickly pours me more and she looks like someone out of a documentary, like a waitress from a diner around 1950, and she looks great at it.

Her hair up and in a ponytail, her makeup on point, just enough to look good and not enough to look fake. Her blouse light blue and her skirt a darker shade. The hem of her skirt barely above her knees and an apron on top of that. It's also obvious that her boobs aren't supported by a bra. Something that would have been impossible, for someone with her chest, on earth, because of the gravity, but is common nowadays.

"He likes what he sees, eh?" She smirks and looks at my crotch.

"I can't deny that." I answer and put the pad to the side.

She smirks and puts down the coffee before taking off the apron. 

She pushes me backwards against the backrest and whispers: "Enjoy."

Her hands wander downwards from my shoulders and over my chest, along my stomach and towards my crotch. She avoids my semi-hard cock and traces along my thighs. She leans back and smiles, before she unbuttons her blouse, her boobs spilling out and her nipples hardening in the cold-ish air. She slips off her blouse and smirks.

"You never really got a good look, did you?" She giggles.

She lets her hands roam over her boobs, her breasts spilling over her hands. Her hands brushes over her nipples and she begins to play with them. She pinches her nipples and moans lightly before she turns around, showing me her back. She pulls up her skirt and reveals that she isn't wearing panties.

She bends over, letting her skirt fall back down, and unzips it, teasingly slowly. She reaches the end of the zipper and holds her skirt up. She bends back up and turns around, a smirk in her face, she drops the skirt and exposes herself in front of me. 

She kneels down between my legs and begins to stroke my cock through the thin fabric of the flight suit. She leans down and begins to kiss my thighs as her hands search for the zipper of the flap that would reveal my cock. She finds it but doesn't unzip it as her mouth moves closer to my crotch. Her mouth catches the zipper and she unzips me with her teeth. 

My cock flops out and lays down on her face before she pulls back to engulf my tip in her mouth. Her fingers beginning to pleasure my balls and playing with her boobs before moving lower and towards her pussy. I feel her moan onto my cock as she begins to engulf more of it. She pulls away and looks up at me, her lust obvious in her eyes.

"I want it in my pussy, master..." she moans as she continues to masturbate in front of me, waiting for my approval.

I nod at her, marking my consent, and she gets up to sit down in my lap, her legs on the outside of mine. She gently grips my manhood and aligns it with her entrance before forcing herself down. I feel her wet labia part against my tip as her pussy engulfs me. She forces herself all the way down and moans loudly as she adjusts. Her hands guide mine towards her boobs. I feel her soft flesh in my hands.

Her body begins to rock up and down, soft moans escape her lips and a light squishing sound accompanies our rhythm. My hands play with her soft boobs, spilling over my hands and filling them with boob to spare. I begin to let my fingers play with her nipples, gently pinching and twisting them. She begins to rock faster and moans louder.

Our rocking is accelerating as our pleasure increases, her moans getting louder and louder. I begin to thrust upwards in time with our rhythm, our bodies enjoying the added friction. She leans in towards me and our lips touch, starting a wild and passionate kiss. 

Again, we rock faster against each other. Our moans increasing again and our bodies focused on pleasure.

After what feels like an eternity of ever increasing pleasure, our bodies reach the limit. She at first, her muscles clenching around my manhood and her body locking up. A sharp breath as she breaks our kiss, her eyes roll back and I feel her juices wetting my flight suit, my lap and my crotch. My cock stimulated through her spasming, I begin to throb and to lose control of my body. The rhythm of my thrusts utterly lost as I begin to cum inside of her.

We breathe heavily, our bodies resting against each other as I pass out.