 I reworked and made changes since I was getting so much feedback telling me some of the stuff needed to be changed. I also added part of my original part 2 to the end of part 1 to increase its length.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I have a story that I feel I need to tell. I grew up in a small town, with a population of maybe 1500 people on a good day. While growing up I had only one friend. She was someone that was there for me all the time because she lived with my family. According to my father, she was 4 when her parents were killed in a car accident, so my parents took her in and we just grew up together. I wouldn't find out until much later in life that she and my parents had another secret they kept from me. Years passed, and we were inseparable. 

When we were 16, I finally started seeing her as more than just a friend. I started seeing her as a beautiful girl. Her name was Emerald, but to me she was simply Emmy. She stood about 5'4" and only weighed 115lbs soaking wet. She was not overly endowed in the chest, but I always liked petite girls so I did not mind. She also had a bubble butt, and to top it all off she had very long red hair down to her ass to go with her emerald green eyes. We stayed friends even after a few upperclassmen jerks in high school tried to get her to quit being my friend. When they tried that, I damn near had a heart attack at her response to them and that's when I really started to fall for her.

"Scott is more of a man than you are because he doesn't pretend to be something he isn't," was Emmy's response. "While you dumb jocks pretend you're better than everyone else and beat weaker people up, just to try to take others' minds off your small dicks." 

Emmy had everyone either cracking up laughing at the jocks or standing there with their mouths wide open in shock. She came over to me, grabbed my arm, and walked out of the cafeteria with me. 

Once outside Emmy looked at me and said, "Scott, listen to me for a second. Don't try to change who you are just because of assholes like them. You're so much better than they are. You may not be as big as them but you are smarter and kinder then they will ever be. Never change."

For a long time we stayed by each others side, until one day Emmy disappeared and it was like no one else remembered her except me. I questioned my parents and they just told me they did not know who she was or who I was talking about. I felt I was going insane at times, because no one seemed to remember someone who had been part of my life for so long. Had I suddenly woken up in an alternate reality? Had I simply been schizophrenic my entire life and no one noticed? I finally realized that if I did not stop the questioning, I would likely end up in a padded cell for the rest of my life. Although my heart hurt, I let it go. I never let her leave my heart though.

When I turned 18 and was graduating from high school, my parents gave me 4 gifts: 

The first was the key to a house that was extremely close to the campus of the college where I had received a full academic scholarship. 

The second was a brand new 2015 Ford Mustang, fully stocked and painted with my favorite colors, red and black. 

The third was a lump sum of $50,000 to be followed by a monthly allowance of $1,000 to pay for food and anything else I desired. Yes, my family was very well off. Get over it. 

The fourth present they gave me was a box with an unusual ring in it. I was told that it held a secret that only I could unlock. I tried to question them more as they handed it to me, but I couldn't get any more information from them other than the fact that it held a secret and that I would need to figure it out. 

Later that day, I packed my stuff and loaded it into the moving truck. Once I was at my new house and the movers had unloaded my few possessions, I had about 2 months to get everything situated before college started given the late end to the high school year combined with the early college start.

I pulled the ring out of the box and slipped it onto my finger then headed out to buy furniture and other stuff my house needed. I shopped for a while and ordered a living room set, bedroom set and a bunch of other stuff from the furniture stores. Most of it would be delivered the next day, but I asked them to do a rush delivery on the bedroom set so that I would at least have a place to sleep. Then I headed to the big electronics store and purchased a TV, a new PS4 to replace my old one, and a stereo system. 

Once I left Best Buy, I noticed a shop with a sign that read "Computers for sale, built to your specifications in an hour". After loading all my purchases from Best Buy into my car, I headed over to the computer shop. While I was looking at the spec builds, I decided on buying an extreme build computer. However, before the vendor came over to me I heard a voice that sounded really familiar.

"Don't buy a computer from this place. You can get a better one cheaper if you just wait a little," the voice said.

I didn't know where the voice came from, but I decided to listen to it and walked out of the store. I headed home, and about 15 minutes after I pulled into my house the delivery van from the furniture store pulled up. They brought the bedroom set inside and set it all up. One of the delivery guys even helped me bring in the rest of the stuff from my car, so I tipped them both $20. After I got the TV and other stuff set up, I realized I needed to go grocery shopping or I wouldn't have any food to eat at the house.

I went to the store, grabbed a cart and started my shopping. Thank god I knew how to cook. My jet setting parents had mainly left me nearly alone while I grew up, so I had paid a lot of attention to the TV cooking shows, and learned a lot through experimentation. I would have been in deep trouble over the years, otherwise. As I was shopping, I noticed a few girls that I knew from high school. Just like in school, they ignored me. I heard that same voice again after thinking those girls were stuck up snobs. 

"Scott, these girls are nothing but stuck up sluts they are not worth your time," it told me.

I stopped dead in my tracks and looked around to see if I saw anyone here that was at the computer store earlier. After a few moments, I stopped looking around and went back to shopping. About halfway through the store, I ran into Megan, another girl from school. At one time, she was a friend to Emmy but after Emmy disappeared she acted just like everyone else, saying she didn't know an Emmy. 

Megan stopped and looked at me then spoke, "Oh, hey Scott. What are you doing here by yourself?"

I told her I had just moved into my new house today and I needed to stock up on food. 

Megan laughed and said, "Well it is good to see someone I know that isn't like those dumb jocks from school."

We talked as we shopped and after a while she told me, "Scott it was good to see you again."

I said the same thing to her, then she handed me her phone number and told me I should feel free to call her sometime so we could talk some more. I gave her my cell phone number as well, and we parted ways.

The voice I kept hearing spoke again, "Scott, Megan was always a good person and she actually liked you in high school." 

Still confused as to where the voice was coming from I pulled the car over and asked who was there. No answer came, and I was beginning to think I was going insane again and hearing voices. I continued driving home, and once there I started unloading the groceries. After bringing them all inside I started putting everything up. About an hour later I had all the groceries put up, but then I realized that I had not bought anything to cook in or eat with. 

I jumped back into my car and headed to the 24-hour Big Box store. I went straight to the home section and picked up a pot/pan set. I then grabbed a full set of plates, saucers and bowls along with a box of glassware and silverware. Just to be on the safe side I went and grabbed toilet paper and other stuff. 

As I was leaving the store, I ran into the one person I did not want to see, the dumb jock that made my life hell in school. He started walking towards me when he saw me. He got about 15 feet from me before he stopped dead in his tracks, turned, and ran back to his car.

I was beyond confused at seeing that, but figured he was either high or drunk, and I left it at that. I put the stuff in my car and drove home. Once I had everything inside, I put up all of the dishes and the other stuff I had purchased. I decided to have a simple dinner tonight, just a burger and some french fries. After cooking, I sat down to eat. When finished with the food, I did the dishes and went to take a shower. As I was showering, I heard a whistle then nothing else. I really did start thinking I was losing my mind.

I dried off and went to lay down to get some sleep. The delivery for the rest of the furniture was coming the next day, and I wanted to be up bright and early for it. As I was laying there, I started looking at the ring I had been given by my parents. It was not a normal ring that simply went onto a single finger. Instead, the ring was a work of art, fitting over both the middle and ring fingers of the right hand. It was pure gold, with three jewels encrusted in it, a ruby over the ring finger, an emerald over the middle finger, and what looked like a diamond in between the other 2. It also had symbols engraved into the band that looked like another language.

I decided later that I would try to figure out what the symbols were so that I could try to translate them. At that point I started getting really tired and turned the lights off. Five minutes later, I had already passed out.

I did not know where I was, except that I was walking through a really thick fog. I could barely see two feet in front of me. I was wandering through the fog for a long time, and in the distance I kept hearing a voice calling my name. I kept heading towards the voice when I saw an vague outline in the fog. It seemed like a woman, but as I got closer the ground seemed to disappear and I fell over a cliff.

I woke up screaming and sweating, at first not realizing I was in my house, then my mind snapped back to reality. I sat up in bed trying to piece together the dream in my head. I finally grabbed my phone and looked at the time. It was 5 AM. 

"I hate waking up at this time of day," I thought to myself, "especially since I don't have cable hooked up yet." 

I headed down to the kitchen after getting dressed and started fixing breakfast. About 2 hours after I finished breakfast, the delivery guys arrived with the remainder of my furniture. They started bringing in everything, and by 9 AM everything was inside and set up. 

I walked around the house and decided I still needed a desk and computer. I also called the local cable service provider and told them I wanted premium cable along with the highest speed internet possible. They told me they could be by later in the day to hook me up, but only for an exorbitant fee. Since I had the money, I went ahead and agreed to it. After hanging up with them, I jumped in my car and took a drive to the main part of town. As I was driving towards the shopping centers, I saw a huge store that looked pretty good and stopped. I walked back to the computer section and started looking around.

After a while, a short blonde girl who looked my age with glasses came up to me and asked if she could help me. I smiled at her and told her what I was looking for in a computer. She asked if I was a gamer and I nodded my head yes.

She told me, "I can help you with a good computer that can play any game out on the market, but we can't talk about it in here." 

She handed me a paper with her name, Erica, along with her phone number, and told me to call her later tonight. I thanked her and then went to look at the computer desks and chairs. I picked out a good looking oak desk with a high-backed executive chair. Once I purchased them, I left the store and headed back home.

A little while after getting home the cable company arrived and got the cable hooked up along with the modem. I sat back and watched TV for a while, and around 5 PM I called Erica, the girl from the store. 

Erica said, "I have a deal for you, for $1000 I can get you a computer that will rival top of the line ones." 

"That sounds awesome," I told her, "but how fast can you have it built?"

Erica said, "That's the thing, it's already built. If you give me your address then I can bring it by in about an hour to let you check it out."

I gave her my address and we hung up. I decided that if she was bringing this computer over to let me check it out, the least I could do would be to fix her some food. I had the food ready before she knocked, and I invited her inside. 

As she walked in, she smelt the food and said, "Damn, something smells good."

I told her that since she was bringing the computer over, I felt the least I could do was offer her something to eat.

"Thanks, I haven't eaten yet," she said with a smile, "I'd be more than happy to eat with you."

We sat down to eat and chatted for a while. After finishing the food, she got up and took the computer over to the desk to hook it up. Once it was hooked up, she turned it on and let me check it over. I checked the specs for the RAM, video card, and everything else and I loved it. 

"Stay here," I told her, "I'm gonna run down to the corner and grab money out of the ATM." 

She smiled, "OK, sounds good." 

I had most of the money needed in cash already, since I liked to keep a decent amount of it on me for emergencies. I did not want to use that, since this was not really an emergency. The ATM card had been upgraded to allow up to $1000 in withdrawals daily, so I took out the max it would give me and went back to the house, Once there I told her I would take it and handed her the $1000. She took it, but then handed me $200 back. 

Erica said, "Scott, if you promise to call me again and invite me over for some more dinner sometime soon then I'll call us even".

"That sounds like a good deal to me," I said. "$200 off and a chance to eat dinner with a beautiful girl." 

Erica blushed, "Not very often do I hear someone say that I am beautiful."

I laughed and told her that other guys must be blind then because the way I see it, she is very beautiful. I leaned down to kiss her on the cheek but instead she turned her head slightly and kissed me back on the lips. She blushed even more and I grabbed her, then gave her a more passionate kiss. Erica wrapped her arms around my neck, and we ended up falling back onto the couch with her on top of me. We lay there kissing for a while until she stood up and pulled her shirt over her head, along with the sports bra that held her small tits in place. She laid back on top of me and went back to kissing me again the whole time rubbing her tiny chest against me. 

Erica looked at me and said, "I usually don't do this with people I just met but . . ." 

I cut her off and told her I was sorry for leading her on but that I was still in love with someone. Even though I had not seen Emmy in a while, I realized she was still in my thoughts regularly. 

Erica smiled, "It's OK, I can wait. If you decide to give up on this girl, feel free to call me." She put her bra and shirt back on, gave me a kiss and left. After she was gone, I sat back thinking that I was an asshole for letting it go that far. 

Again the voice spoke to me, "Scott don't feel bad about it. She is not mad at you, she just wishes you were not longing for another."

This time I stood up and spoke out loud, "Who is there? I want an answer instead of silence." 

The voice spoke again, "Right now I am speaking to you through a means I can't describe, but we will meet soon, I promise."

Almost as soon as the voice started, it stopped again. I noticed that the ruby on the ring was glowing. I could not figure it out at all, and I decided to forget it for the night. After washing the dishes, I walked around the house and took notes on any and everything that I still needed to buy, like towels, washcloths and other items. 

After about an hour of looking around, I had about 50 things on my list and decided to head over to Wally World in the morning. I took a walk around to the ATM on the corner and withdrew $500 from my account. I still had plenty from the day before, but better to be prepared than to be sorry later.

After heading back home, I went to bed and laid there watching TV for about an hour before I finally fell asleep.

In my dream, I was once again walking through the thick fog, except the visibility was just a little bit better than the last time. However, I still couldn't see more than 10 feet in front of me. I kept walking, trying to figure out where exactly I was. Not being able to see into the distance made that difficult. All of a sudden, I heard that voice again calling my name, along with a giggle that seemed so familiar. I walked slowly in the direction that the voice was coming from. As I got closer, I started seeing the outline again. Once again, I came within 12 feet of the outline in the fog when I fell over the cliff and woke up screaming.

I was really starting to get annoyed with this damned dream. I got up, took a shower, and got dressed. I took off to do the shopping. I decided to go to the really big Wally World down in the main part of town this time. I pulled up into the parking lot and saw a bunch of young kids picking on a homeless guy. I stopped, got out, and I told the kids to leave the guy alone. I told them that karma was a bitch, and that if they kept doing that crap, when they got older they were going to end up in the same place and situation. They laughed and walked away. I walked up to the homeless man and told him I was sorry for jerks like that. 

He gave me a bright smile and said, "I wish more people were more like you, young man." 

I smiled back and asked him to come with me. He agreed, and we walked into McDonald's together. I told him to order anything he wanted off the menu and get as much as he wanted. Once he ordered, I placed my own order as well. They gave me the food and I carried it to a table to eat with the man. We sat there and talked while we ate. 

After we finished our meals he sat back and said, "Thanks young man. I have not eaten like that in a while." I smiled and told him he did not owe me anything, I did it because I do not mind helping people out. 

I reached into my pocket and pulled out $300 and handed it to him. I told him to go get himself some clothes and get a motel room for the night. 

He almost started crying, "Young man, what is your name?" 

"My name is Scott," I responded. 

He introduced himself as Jeff and told me, "Well Scott, you are truly a generous man and very kind. If more people were like you in this world, we would not have any problems." 

I smiled, told him to take care of himself, and then left to get back to my shopping. As I was getting into my car, I noticed the ruby and emerald were both glowing now. Confused, I stared at the ring, but couldn't figure out why or how the jewels were glowing. I put it out of my mind and walked over to the Wally World to get the things on the list. I walked throughout the store, shopping for what I needed. After adding everything on my list to the cart, it was overloaded. 

I paid for everything and got back to the car. Stuffing everything from the cart into the car used up every iota of free space the mustang had. With a final heave to shut the trunk, I got into the car and headed home. Once everything was unloaded and put up, I sat back on the couch and looked at the ring. 

I started thinking about all of the times a jewel had lit up. When the ruby lit up, I had been thinking of my love for Emmy, which caused me to stop making out with Erica. When the emerald lit up, it was after I was kind to Jeff by feeding him and giving him money. I went over and sat down at my computer to look up the meaning of jewels on the internet. According to an article that I was reading, rubies were stones of great courage and inner strength, that symbolized integrity and devotion.
