 I hear the beeping of the heart monitor as I wake up, a nurse and a doctor stand next to my bed. Both of them are incredibly beautiful women, the nurse a short Asian woman with a cute face and a petite body, the doctor a tall brunette with a curvy body and long, shiny hair, the brown interlaced with blue and white stripes.

"Ah, you're back from the dead Martin. I hope you're feeling well?" The doctor asks.

"I just want a coffee and some explanations. But otherwise I am fine." I answer, my sleepy voice somehow more...attractive?

"Mr. Hanson will give you the explanations necessary, I'll guess you'll have to wait for when he'll see you. But the coffee. Judy, bring that man a coffee please."

The nurse, presumably Judy, immediately walks out the room to get the coffee.

"I'll need your cooperation to ensure the mods work correctly. Would you please extend your left arm."

I extend my arm for her and she holds a diagnostic device over where I presume the control chip is.

The device beeps a couple of times and an interface appears laid over my sight. It's both visible and invisible. I just know where it is and what is written on it. The interface just helps me to understand.

The system connects to the device and a green sign appears in front. Confirming it is in working order.

"Good, I guess that means your only problem now is muscle atrophy." The doctor says as the nurse bursts into the room with a tray and a cup of steaming coffee on top of it. Right next to it is a note.

I grab the coffee and take a sip. Then I take the note.

It reads:

"Your new apartment is T21-4578. Company paid, I am waiting, Jayne.

PS, Mr Hanson will meet you there."

I take another big sip of the coffee and say:

"How about you get me a ride to my new apartment? And monitor my vitals remotely?"

The doctor immediately nods and adds: "The ride is already waiting."

I get up and the nurse hands me a cane for walking. I desperately need it, because even now, my muscles can't take the gravity yet.

The doctor walks next to me and the nurse in front, she gets other people out of the way when necessary and doesn't seem afraid to show off her bubbly butt as she walks. They check me out and see me out the door so I can get into an automated taxi shuttle. 

The shuttle starts without me even putting the address in and the divider, which I genuinely thought was the wall hiding the cargo compartment, slides down. 

"Martin, you might ask yourself now: "Why me? Why does the company pay exorbitant sums to get you up to peak efficiency and even gives you a personal assistant?"

He says. He is the richest man in the solar system, the most powerful one as well. He owns the biggest refining company for fuel, the biggest hydrogen mining stations. He is James Hanson.

"Mr Hanson, I- I-...I don't know..."

He stops me by holding his hand out flat.

"First of all, call me James. Second, of course you don't, I was specifically secretive about everything. Now tell me, what do you know about the Venus Project?"

"The Venus project? The project succeeded in genetically engineering human embryos and cloning human people. Both of which was outlawed in 2150. I don't know how this should help."

"See, even though it was outlawed doesn't mean people didn't do it, Aurora for example created 300 female humans and 100 males. One of them you. You're were engineered to be a perfect pilot and captain. We used my genes and my late wife ones as a base and our scientists built up on that. Low oxygen consumption, quick reflexes, good eyesight. The mods make up for what biology can't do. I am your half-brother, genetically speaking."

"Wait then..." 

"Yes Jayne is another child born out of the project, the perfect assistant, compassionate, good looking, not jealous and quite naughty if I might add." 

"But what do you want from me now?"

"To take your place as the head of the most important mission ever since the colonisation of the moon."

My jaw dropped. "What the- Me?!"

"Yes, Martin, you. Don't worry, I don't blame you for feeling overrun by this, but, it's important. The project is called Atlas, after the Greek titan, carrying the earth on his shoulders in the myth. The goal is to colonise Proxima Centauri 2b. A moon, similar in gravity to Luna, but warmer and with an atmosphere.

We expect it to be similar to earth shortly before the agricultural revolution 10'000 BC. No intelligent lifeforms have been detected from here, and if, well. Humans are an apex predator."

"So I am to be the captain of a mission to create the first human colony outside our solar system, possibly commit a genocide and save make sure humanity can survive long enough? Scratch the genocide part and I'm in."

"The genocide will only be necessary if the locals won't give you any other choice, fine?"

"Fine." I say with gritted teeth.

"We're there." He says and the door gets opened by fairly muscular guy, I presume he's Mr. Hanson's bodyguard. I get out the shuttle and Mr. Hanson follows suit.

"You're going to live here, together with the rest of the executive crew, for the next couple of weeks so you all can get acquainted with each other, as we put in the last nuts and bolts to your ship." Mr. Hanson says as he leaves.

The door to the apartment opens and I am greeted by Jayne, who immediately pulls me in through the door and starts speaking.

"You must be so shaken, sir, but believe him, it might sound insane but it's true."

"Yeah right, not like I mind being in the company of a couple of people, actually. "

"So let's get you acquainted with everyone." She says as she opens a door that probably leads to the common room.

A huge cheer breaks out as I enter the room and Jayne announces who I am.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, I present you Captain Martin Schmitt, best pilot in the Aurora shipping operations and our leader!"

I wait for the mood to calm, as I let my gaze wander through the room. There are about 10 people other than me and Jayne, 3 guys and 7 women.

At the most left is a bulky guy, tall, muscular and in a somewhat dirty uniform, I guess he's an engineer.

To his right are two nearly identical girls, blonde hair, petite bodies and with medical badges on their uniforms. They're our doctors, apparently.

Next to them is a short woman, with pink hair and a pilots badge, she is probably going to be my copilot. She is pretty hot, similar in figure to Jayne, but less busty and slightly less muscular.

Next to her sits another woman of similar stature, but with longer light blue hair and she cuddles up to a guy who's stature screams soldier or police officer. 

Also cuddled up to him is a woman who's definitely Latina in origin, slightly darker skin, big butt, big boobs and dark hair with big brown eyes.

Next to the Latina is a girl who's cute, but not hot, an average body, lovely face and red hair that reaches the small of her back. She is engrossed with a data pad and doesn't even notice the commotion around her.

Next to her is a girl who's definitely noticing the commotion as sheers. Her body is beautiful and she is locked in spasming with her hips, a quick glance down and I realise that she's getting fucked by the guy behind her.

And I know him, he's Francis, the only other guy who graduated in flight school in my year. He as a designated lander pilot instead of a general freight and passenger pilot.

The girl with the pilot badge gets up and greets me first, her voice sweet and seductive but also innocent.

"Hi, I am Amy, supposed to be your copilot, but...maybe I could be more?" At the last words she winks and licks her lips and then glances down to my crotch.

Then the two medical badge wearing girls introduce themselves:

"Hi we're Sophie and Julia, medical officers."

And do it goes on, in the end I know everyone's name, except for the engineer's name, he only gave me a nickname of his, and the redheads name.

We all eat together and set up a training routine, the apartment has a simulator of the cockpit of the ship, and proceed to get to know each other, most of the guys and girls only arrived one or two days before me, Amy was the first, together with Jayne, who both arrived within minutes of each other a week ago.

But we're all tired, so we go to bed early and most of us have to share the beds, I have to share mine with Amy and Jayne, which I don't object to, they're both incredibly hot and very naughty from what I could guess based on the way they were looking at me and talking to me. And the fact that Jayne gave me a blow job before I could even properly compute who she was and where I was.

Sadly the only action I got in this first evening was a couple of lazy and teasing strokes to my cock from Amy as we all sleep nude. Sleep quickly envelopes me.

I wake up rather nicely with two pairs of nicely sized tits smothering me. I kiss the ones on my left first and I hear a naughty giggle. I kiss the one on my right and a sultry moan reaches my ears. 

They slide down and give me kisses on my cheeks and trace their fingers over my chest. And look up at me enticingly.

"What do you want, Captain?" Amy asks, a smirk on her lips and slightly teasing. "How about I finally get my lovely lips around your cock so you can cum down my throat? Or have both of us "arguing" about who gets to have your cock in her cunt?"

I smile and answer: "How about you finally stop teasing me and wrap your naughty lips around my cock before I make you."

"Mmmh maybe I want you to make me drink your cum and submit to your authority, captain. " She answers, continuing her playful teasing.

"Well then start you dirty slut." I say as I push her down.

She quickly envelopes my cock with her mouth and runs her tongue along it, but she only teases the head. 

I grab her hair and pull her onto my cock, as she starts to hum and moan. I make her deepthroat me, my hard rod lodged firmly in her throat.

I block her airways and she starts to tap against my legs more and more frantically, just as she stops, shortly before passing out, I pull out.

Her eyes are dazed with lust and near unconsciousness. The scent of her lust wafting through the air, barely noticeable.

Suddenly she tries to say something. I didn't understand her. 

"Could you repeat that, please?" I ask her, but she doesn't answer.

Instead she plunges herself down along my cock, humming and moaning. One hand fondles my balls the other is between her legs, fingering herself.

But she isn't just voicing her pleasure with her moans, each and every moan is also voicing her desires, she wants more.

She's craving my cock in a very obvious way, she's crazed with pleasuring me. She's crazed with pleasuring herself.

It's too much. I can't withstand her assault any longer. I grab her head once more and pull her down. My trimmed pubes rubbing against her nose.

"Take it all, you dirty slut!" I yell as I climax.

I feel my cum spraying forth in her throat. As she climaxes too. Moaning around my cock. More and more I fill her.

I collapse as I continue to orgasm. She pulls off and swallows as much as she can and then proceeds to let my cum spray all over her torso.

The last thing I remember before falling asleep is her collapsing on top of me and the scent of both my semen and her juices permeating the air.