 My mom looked at me and said, "So Scott, what is it you wanted to ask us?" I told her that I keep getting this feeling of being watched and Emmy said that there was a secret that only you could tell. My mother smiled and said, "Well we do have a secret, but it is kind of weird so you gotta listen with an open mind. First off son I am not a human. Well, I am now, but back before I got pregnant with you I was a Djinn like Emmy." 

I stood there with my mouth agape for a second and then gathered my wits and told her to continue. She shook her head, "Let's start from the beginning. I was just like Emmy back in those days. You see, I was your father's Djinn and we fell deeply in love. And then when a Djinn gets pregnant, they lose their powers of protection, immortality, etc. They basically are turned instantly into a human. But, when that happens 2 things are created in the Djinn's place. First, there is a new Djinn to pass on to the unborn child. Second, there is what's called a Dark Djinn. It consists of all the negative energy of the Djinn that was split apart at the moment of creation. The Dark Djinn's sole motivation is to hunt its counterpart and its master until either they are killed, or it is sealed in a specially created vessel, or somehow convinced to leave its dark characteristics behind, or the master releases their Djinn from servitude, effectively killing both of the Djinns." 

I asked her how I go about catching or changing the Dark Djinn. 

She said, "I do not know that Scott I am sorry. When I got pregnant I lost my Djinn powers so my Dark Djinn was never created. I do, however, have a phone number for a man that I knew before you were conceived and he knows a lot more about Djinns than I ever did." She reached into her purse and pulled out a small card and handed it to me. 

She said, "The man I knew is probably not still alive, but he said that his entire family follows the same path of Djinn knowledge so they may still be around and can probably help you with many of your questions." I thanked her and briefly wondered just how much trouble could be caused by a Dark Djinn. I turned back to the grill and just in time to take off the perfectly cooked steaks while Emmy used her abilities and floated the sour cream, cheese butter and other stuff from the kitchen out to the table. Erica went inside and pulled the potatoes out of the oven and hurried back outside and set them on the table. We fixed our plates and started eating. The dinner conversation was light and cheery compared to the news I had received from my mom. Once we finished eating Megan grabbed all the dishes and took them inside to begin the cleanup process. I fixed my mom and dad their favorite drinks and we sat back and continued the dinner conversation while Emmy and Erica got in the Jacuzzi. 

My father, never having learned to be shy, asked me, "How can you stay hard long enough to satisfy three girls? I can barely keep it up long enough to please your mom." I laughed and sent a thought to Emmy see if I could make a wish to increase my dad's sexual stamina. 

She giggled in my head, "Master, you can give him 3 wishes if you wish because he knows what I am. You can't give your mom 3 wishes because she was once a Djinn and that is one of the exceptions to the magic. However, I can grant a wish from your father that affects your mother." 

So I asked my dad if he would like me to have Emmy grant him 3 wishes. 

He asked is that possible? 

Emmy said, "Yes it is possible since you know I am Djinn, but you will only get three wishes. They are permanent wishes, so you need to be sure about what you want." 

My dad smiled and said he would really like to have three wishes. Emmy came running over and lay her hand on my arm as I told her I wish for my father to have three wishes. 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command, Master!" Her eyes glowed and then my dad started glowing for a minute. Emmy looked at him, "You can make your wishes anytime you want Dad." 

He smiled and said, "I wish I had more stamina to pleasure my wife to the fullest!" Emmy grinned from ear to ear, "Your wish is my command". Her eyes sparkled for an instant and she said, "It is done. Do you have another wish ready?" 

He said yes because he knew exactly what he wanted. "The second wish is for my cock to be larger. Three inches longer and an extra inch around should be just fine as he grinned at his wife." 

Emmy giggled at the thought of his wish and said, "Your wish is my command." Her eyes glowed and my dad jumped up out of his chair when his pants started getting a little too snug in the crotch. He smiled and licked his lips toward my mom who let out a giggle and blushed as he said, "Emmy can I wish for me and my wife to be younger?" 

She smiled, "Yes Dad, you can wish for both of you to be younger up to 30 years." He asked how much younger my mom wanted to be she giggled and was really starting to get excited, "Let's go back to when we were 25 honey. That way we still have a long life ahead of us and now we can enjoy all the money we have made over the years and we can live a long happy life together." 

My dad agreed most willingly and said, "Emmy my third and last wish is for my wife and I to be 25 years old again." 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." her eyes twinkled and I watched in shock and a little awe as my mom and dad both became 25 again. I thought my Mom was an attractive lady before, but now she was downright smoking hot. 

My mom giggled when she felt her tits and ass shrinking and getting taut. She looked relieved when her tits stopped shrinking before her ass did. My dad walked over to her with lust in his eyes and grabbed her ass, "Damn baby you always did have a great ass but this is even better than I remembered." They wrapped their arms each other and started kissing with a passion I had never seen between them. 

They looked at me and Mom said, "Thank you son, we hate to eat and run, but we seriously need to get home now. There is no time to waste." My Dad took my Mom's hand and they hurried through the house and out the front, slamming the door behind them. 

Emmy cracked up laughing, "Master they are so turned on right now and all they can think is to rush home to fuck until they can't." I laughed and said damn and it's good to see them back in lust again. 

Megan came walking out of the backdoor giggling, "Was that your mom and dad running out of the house rubbing up on each other?" I nodded and she just cracked up laughing. The rest of the girls came out and jumped into the pool. I told them I would join them in a bit and that I was going to try to call this guy. 

I dialed the phone as I walked into the house. Before I was more than a few feet into the house, I heard a girl pick up and say, "Hello, my name is Ashara, how can I help you?" I told her my name and started explaining the current situation as I understood it. When I finished talking, which didn't take very long at all, she told me that she would have to call me back in a few hours because she needed to do a little research. Before we hung up she asked how long I would be awake. I told her I would be awake until midnight at least. Ashara said "ok I will call you back by 11pm with at least some of the information. The rest I'll give you tomorrow in person if you would like to meet." I told her how about we just meet the next day at 6pm instead of calling back tonight and she can come over for to talk and join us for dinner. Ashara said, "Dinner sounds wonderful and I'll bring over as much information as I can find." 

After about an hour of swimming and playing pool games and floating around the pool, with a little groping and kissing on the side, I was starting to get wrinkled fingers, so I got out of the pool and walked over to a lounge chair to drip-dry. Part way there, I turned and told the girls it was time to go get a shower. 

They immediately said, in unison, "Yes, Master!" and jumped out and ran past me. As each of them went by me, I slapped them on the ass as they squealed and giggled. A little while later they came back outside, all of them nude with their hair braided and they started cleaning off the table. They stopped by me and leaned over for a kiss before moving on. While they were cleaning up the remains of dinner, I went into the master bath for my shower. Afterward we all headed to bed where we curled up in our heap of naked bodies and entwined limbs. I woke up alone and slightly disappointed. The smell of breakfast drifting by my nose let me know where my girls had gone and all was forgiven as my stomach growled. I got up and walked naked into the kitchen to see all my girls still naked and cooking while dancing to music that was playing. I quietly sat down at the table and watched them all wiggling their asses until I couldn't stand it any longer and I let out a loud wolf whistle. They all turned around and said, in unison, "Good morning Master!" and then went back to cooking and dancing. A few minutes later they started bringing the plates over and set one in front of me. I looked at the tasty looking food on the plate and told them thanks. Regardless of who brought the plates, my food was always served first. 

They sat down and we started eating and chatting about trivial things. Once we finished, the girls started cleaning off the table and doing the dishes. After only a few minutes, they finished and each came up to me and gave me a nice kiss. When it came to be Emmy's turn, she gave me a kiss and said, "Master, us girls decided that since the Djinn person is coming over later, we would refrain from sex until after she leaves so the house doesn't smell like sex and we should clean up some." 

I smiled and said good idea let's get the house cleaned up. Emmy laughed, "No Master. We decided to do the cleaning. Why don't you go and watch a movie or take a swim?" I laughed and told them ok I get the point I'll go get dressed and watch a movie. 

I went to our room and put on a pair of shorts and t-shirt then went to the living room. I sat back on the couch and started looking for a movie to watch. The girls were running around naked, dusting, sweeping and vacuuming the floors, straightening up the kitchen and everything else including grabbing what little dirty laundry we had and getting that started. Lots of hands make the work go faster. I even helped out after I found a movie for us to watch. That is, until they caught me and banished me back to the couch. Soon the house looked spotless and they told me they were gonna go shower and get dressed. I was just about to wonder what they had gotten into when they returned all dressed in shorts and tank tops and sat on the couch next to me and cuddled up to me. Emmy was on my right which was my favorite place for her to be. Erica was on the floor between my legs, just in case, and Megan on my left. I pressed "PLAY" on the movie I had found and just after the opening credits, my phone rang. It was Ashara asking if it was too early to come over. I told her it was fine but I was expecting to cook dinner for her as a guest. 

Ashara laughed, "It's fine Scott. I have no plans for the rest of the day so we can talk and I will still stay for dinner if that is ok." 

I gave her the address and she said she would be over in about 2 hours and asked if she could bring over anything to go with dinner. I told her she could bring over some wine or something for desert Ashara said, "How about I do both? I will bring a couple bottles of wine from my personal stock and pick up some fresh cheesecake on my way." 

I said that sounded great and I would see her in about 2 hours then, we said bye and hung up. I told the girls that Ashara would be here in 2 hours to give us the info she had found so far and join us for dinner. Now all we had to do was figure out what to make for dinner. 

I told the girls lets go to the store and do some grocery shopping before it gets too late and we'll watch the movie after dinner. We all went out to the car and drove to the store where we parked and went inside. Emmy grabbed a grocery cart and followed me with it as we went toward the produce section. I told Erica and Megan to go get some good tomatoes and lettuce while me and Emmy went to get carrots and other tasty stuff for the salads. After picking up all the veggies, I told the girls next stop is the meats and sent Megan running over to the condiment section to grab some garlic croutons. When we got to the meats, I told Emmy to go grab some diced ham and cubed cheddar cheese. Me and Erica start looking through the steaks I told her to find the leanest rib eye steaks possible. She smiled and said ok as she started scanning the steaks. 

About 30 minutes later we had everything gathered up and went to the checkout. We were heading out the door to the car and I noticed out the corner of my eye a tuft of black hair going behind our car. I kept my eye focused toward the car and when we got closer I no longer saw the hair or the person it belonged to. We put everything in the trunk got in and drove home. Once inside, the girls took the veggies and divided up the work to make the salads while I started preparing the steaks. In just a few minutes, I had them soaking in my homemade whiskey marinade. 

About an hour later all the prep work was done and Emmy was setting the salad in the fridge. I set the steaks in the marinade on the counter as the girls finished setting the table. No sooner than we had finished there was a knock at the door. Emmy yelled she would get it and went to answer the door. 

Ashara came in and immediately noticed all three girls and let out a small laugh and said, "Let me guess! You've already started a harem household!" She looked at Emmy and said, "And I'm betting that you're the Djinn." 

Emmy smiled and asked, "How did you know that I was the Djinn?" 

Ashara responded, "That's easy. A Djinn's eyes are really distinctive if you take the time to notice them glitter." 

Ashara walked over to me and held out her hand, "It is an honor to finally meet a Djinn master. My family has all had the privilege but you're the first one I have met personally." 

I told her that the pleasure was all mine and dinner will be a while. For right now, let's sit and talk. 

Ashara smiled at me and said, "Sounds good. Let's talk so I can give you the information you need and answer as many questions as I can. As you know, my family are keepers of Djinn knowledge. My family has studied everything about Djinns for generations. We have the largest library of information on Djinns known to man. However, we keep the info to ourselves and only allow people like you to access the information. Now you said your mom was a Djinn but when she got pregnant with you she lost her powers but your Djinn was born from the power your mother lost. That goes right along with what we know and we also know when a new Djinn is made in this way all the negative energy forms into its own entity creating a Dark Djinn." 

I nodded my head to Ashara to show I was listening and understood her. 

Ashara continued, "At this time you have your Djinn and there is a Dark Djnn walking around somewhere. Your Djinn, Emmy is all the positive energy like love, compassion, friendship, happiness, and even lust. Then you have the Dark Djinn, made up of hate, fear, sadness all the stuff that is the opposite of Emmy. Now there is only a couple ways of getting rid of the Dark Djinn and here is where it gets complicated. First way is to free your Djinn but in doing so she and the Dark Djinn would cease to exist which I am guessing you would not want to do. Second way is to seal the Dark Djinn in a magic vessel. But to do that you would need a magical artifact creator which, as far as I know, none of those are known to still be alive in this era. The third way is to get your Djinn pregnant but she would lose her power and it would start everything all over again for your child. Then the last way is to capture the Dark Djinn and get her to see love compassion etc. with her own eyes. The Dark Djinn looks exactly like Emmy here except her hair is probably black and her eyes would probably be a greyish color." 

I asked Ashara what she meant by capture her and make her see love and all those other things. 

Ashara smiled, "What I mean is catch her and treat her like you do Emmy and the rest of your harem. Show her the love you have for your harem and make her want to be a part of it. She will then transform and become a full human and fall in love with you and since she is part of Emmy she will be linked to yours and Emmy's lifespans. 

Megan and Erica spoke up, "Actually she would be just like all of Master's harem then because we are all linked to his lifespan." 

Ashara smiled, "So it is true that the master of a Djinn can link the women he cares for and loves to himself. That was just myth until now. That's also incredibly generous. You weren't required to do that even though you could." 

I smiled and said I didn't know I could do that either until Emmy told me I could. 

Ashara smiled and said, "Ok now that you have the information I brought you, I believe I'm getting hungry. Let's start dinner." I went to the kitchen to start cooking the steaks on the built-in grill. Ashara and the girls stayed in the living room and talked while I was busy in the kitchen. 

Ashara smiled and said to the girls, "This is a harem household. I bet you all prefer to be naked don't you?" 

Emmy laughed, "Yes, we stay naked all day unless we leave the house or have company." 

Ashara said, "Ok, let me join you in your ways." She unbuttoned her dress and let it fall to the floor and then undid her bra and let it slip down her arms as she dropped her panties. The girls all followed suit and stripped naked in seconds. Ashara said she wanted to ask them all something important. About that time I walked in to see them all huddled together naked. As I stood there enjoying the sight of my girls without clothes, I started staring at Ashara's bronze skin and muscular frame. I also stripped naked while continuing to stare at Ashara and her charms. Emmy sensed my presence and looked over her shoulder and laughed as she saw me gawking at Ashara and said, "Ashara I think the master likes what he sees." Ashara stood up and walked over to me and stopped a foot in front of me. As she dropped to her knees, I noticed that she was bowing her head as well. I leaned forward and gently placed my fingertips under her chin and picked up her face to look me in the eyes. I smiled at her and asked why she was kneeling and bowing her head to me. 

Ashara responded, "Scott I want you to take me as one of your girls! Please, I know we just met but I can see how you treat the girls and they all look so very happy. I want to be happy too. Please?" 

I asked her why she wanted to become one of my girls. 

Ashara looked me in the eyes and said, "I have had no family for a while now and I'm very unhappy and lonely. All the guys I have been with were less than satisfactory lovers. Most of them were selfish. None of them could get me pregnant and as such my family lineage will die with me. If I was to become a member of your harem, I would be happy to give you pleasure. And if you link my lifespan to yours, I would live for as long as you do and could keep the Djinn knowledge alive with me and even add to it." 

I sat down in front of her and stared at her for a minute just wondering if I deserved to keep adding beautiful women to my harem. The thought of it made my cock get very hard. 

Ashara took my silence as a denial and started crying and said, "I know I am not worthy of being part of your harem. I am sorry for asking." She started to stand up and Emmy pushed her into my lap where she fell against my cock and pressed it firmly into her bare mound. 
