 Thanks to my new editor: Tigersman

Here's the long awaited Ch. 03

*****

He started freaking out about having to give up his own money so i told him either do it or he will not only be fired from his job, but he would probably be locked up in prison because one of the videos shows him raping a girl in his office. He flipped out and started writing out checks and called each girl over to him, He handed them the checks each one made out for $3000 and told them to go cash the checks now. 

They took the checks then ran out the door to the bank across the street. They came back about 30 minutes later, told me that the checks cashed fine and then looked at him, flipped him off and said they all quit. I laughed as I watched them walk out the door. Now that that was taken care of, I grabbed the corporation card off the counter, gave them a call and asked for the manager.

After a few moments on hold, I finally got someone on the phone. I told him to expect a USB flash drive to be delivered soon. He asked what was on it. I told the man I had proof of sexual harassment on the female workers of the store here. He said for us to wait there, he would be here in about 30 minutes, that that kind of accusation has to be viewed in person. 

Megan stood there smiling as her old boss tried to run past us out the door. Emmy stuck her foot out and tripped him and he banged his head against the wall when he fell. Megan ran outside and caught all the girls before they left and they all came back inside and stood behind me. The main manager arrived and when he came in saw the guy laying on the floor and asked what happened to him. I told him everything as I started up the video on the flash drive.

He said, "Well this is enough evidence to have his ass locked up for good." He thanked me and Megan, apologized to all the girls and asked them to please do not quit and they would get a new better boss. They agreed and told me thanks for saving them from that monster. The head manager had the cops come and arrest the manager. After he was in the police car, I handed the flash drive to the manager. He again said thanks and swore to me and all the girls that this kind of thing will never happen again. Megan said, "I still quit this job. I have a better one already lined up and I wish everyone here luck." We walked out and got in my car. 

No sooner did we close the doors than Megan cracked up laughing, "That was amazing. You two made him empty his bank account and got his ass fired and arrested." Megan then started blushing "Scott you said I was your girlfriend." 

Emmy kinda frowned, then I said to them, "Both of you are my girlfriends if you want to be." They both said, "You mean it. You want both of as your girlfriends. If that is the case, we accept." I said of course I wanted it that way and I don't mind being shared or sharing them with the other. 

Emmy giggled, "Well, looks like it has officially started, we are part of a harem Megan." 

Megan laughed, "Well, we can't really be a harem without at least one more girl." 

Emmy giggled, "I think Erica would be a perfect fit since she already admitted she likes me and Scott." 

I slapped my forehead and said, "Crap this is gonna be hectic. Guess I better wish for more stamina and endurance." 

Emmy laughed, "Three naked girls walking around the house, you better wish for a lot of stamina and endurance." 

Megan cracked up laughing then asked, "Who is Erica?" 

Emmy smiled, "She is a cute little blonde that sold Scott his computer. She will be coming over in a few days to party with us. You will get to meet her then." 

We left and arrived at the bank Megan had her account at and she ran inside came back out about 30 minutes later. She was smiling, "Scott let's go get the joint account setup." We drove to my bank and all three of us got out of the car. Once inside, the bank manager called us into his office. I told him I needed to put all of Megan's money into my account and to put Megan and Emmy on my account so they can use it without any problems. 

He smiled, "Of course, let me go get the paperwork. While I am gone, please get your IDs out and ready." 

After he left Emmy said, "Remember I am a Djinn. I do not have an ID Scott." 

I laughed and said, "I wish for you to have all necessary ID cards and certificates." 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command." In her hand appeared a birth certificate, ID and social security card.

The bank manager came back in, asked for Megan and Emmy's IDs and left to make copies. I filled in my info and then Megan and Emmy signed their names to the forms. After he came back he handed the IDs back to them and asked if I wanted each of them to have a Debit card sent to my house with their names. I told him yes, shook his hand and we left. Once back in the car, we started driving home. 

Megan giggled, "So Emmy, since we are part of Scott's harem I think we should start calling him Master when we are alone." 

Emmy said, "I can't call him Master. He made a wish that I would not say I am his servant." 

Megan looked at me, "Scott release that wish so we can both call you Master in private. We will use your name only in public." 

I laughed and said, "Fine, I wish Emmy could call me Master in private and only use my name in public." 

Emmy giggled, "Your wish is my command Master." 

Megan giggled, "Emmy, do you mind if I suck Master's cock?" Emmy laughed, "Nope, go right ahead, just don't make him crash the car." Megan dropped her head into my lap and somehow unbuttoned and pulled my cock out through the zipper.

Megan gasped, "Holy shit Master, your cock is freaking huge. It is bigger than either of the guys I have been with before." She dropped her mouth onto the head of my cock and started playing with my balls with one hand while the other stroked my shaft. Megan started sucking me like a damn vacuum and my cock was instantly standing at full staff. Megan pulled off and giggled, "Wow Scott, your cock is freaking huge. 

I wish I could deep throat it but I would probably die trying" Emmy giggled, "Master, you can make a wish to allow Megan since she knows about me that allows her to use my power for three wishes." I asked if that was true. Emmy said, "Yes it can be done only once per person, but only if they know and believe I am a Djinn."

I smiled and said, "I wish for Megan to have three wishes." Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command Master," her eyes glowed then a small light appeared around Megan. Emmy smiled, "Megan, you have only three wishes that I can grant you personally." Megan smiled, "I wish I could deep throat Master's cock." 

Emmy giggled, "Your wish is my command." her eyes glowed for a moment then Emmy said, "it is done Megan have fun." Megan dropped her head back onto my cock and took me all the way down her throat. She started bobbing her head so fast and sucking like a vacuum until I shot down her throat. Megan looked up at me while wiping her mouth off "Yummy Master," then she started giggling, "I can't wait to feel you inside me Master. Let's hurry home." 

Emmy laughed, "Master, you better make that stamina endurance wish before you get us home because we both are gonna want to ride you." 

I chuckled and said, "I wish I had double the stamina and double the endurance that I have now." 

Emmy giggled, "Your wish is my command Master," her eyes glowed then said, "it is done Master grrrrrrr." Megan cracked up laughing at Emmy's growl. Once at home, I told Megan before the fun begins she needs to go through her stuff and decide what she wants to get rid of and toss it out in the hall. She said OK and Emmy went back with her. They started sorting through the stuff and as they were doing that I went to the kitchen and started cooking us all lunch. 

Once I finished cooking, I called the girls to come eat lunch; they came running to the kitchen both naked, giggling. I finally got a look at Megan's body and I have to say I liked what I saw. She had perky C cups with a flat stomach with a slight six-pack topped with a heart shaped ass and probably waxed pubes. 

She caught me staring at her and let out a giggle, "Do you like what you see Master?" 

I walked over to her, dropped my hand to her pussy and gave her clit a quick touch. It was then I found out how sensitive she was because one little touch made her fall to the floor.

Emmy giggled, "Wow Megan, you just fell after Master barely touched you. I think when he fucks you you're gonna pass out." 

Megan laughed, "Not sure why I am so sensitive, maybe it is just because it is someone I have always liked that touched me." 

I helped her up, gave her a kiss and said, "Let's eat, then we can finish going through your stuff and get you settled into your new life." Megan smiled, "Sounds good Master, then later you can fuck me senseless." 

Emmy giggled, "Me too Master." 

I laughed and said, "This is gonna be a lot of fun, two horny, sexy chicks. No way am I gonna pass up that chance." They both giggled and started eating. After we finished the food, they jumped up to run back to the room and finish sorting through Megan's stuff. I stayed in the kitchen and cleaned the dishes, then once finished started walking back to the room. I saw tons of stuff being tossed into the hallway. As I got to the door a pair of panties landed on my face.

Megan and Emmy laughed when they saw me standing there with the panties on my head. They were busy going through the last three boxes and Megan said if I wanted to help to go through one of the boxes and toss out all the papers and other stuff that was part of her old life, that she only wanted to keep stuff that was from her parents and maybe some of her clothes. I started sorting through the stuff in a box and found a piece of paper. I caught a glimpse of my name on the paper and realized it was a letter Megan had written for me but never gave it to me. I read it and asked Megan why she never gave me this. 

She grabbed it and said, "Wow, I did not even know I still had this letter. I wrote this a month after Emmy vanished. I was planning on giving it to you but could never get up the nerve. I was afraid you would turn me down."

Emmy laughed, "Megan, Scott has always liked you and that is the truth. You can just ask him that and he would tell you. Actually Master, why don't you use a wish and link Megan with us so her life span will be the same as ours and that way we can all talk in each other's heads like me and you do." I smiled and asked Emmy to explain it to Megan more carefully about the extended life span we have before I make a wish that can undoubtedly change her life. Emmy sat down with Megan and explained everything to her. After about 30 minutes Emmy finished explaining our new life span to Megan and our telepathic link. 

Megan got a huge smile on her face and said, "So I would basically be able to live until Master dies and be with the two of you until that day. At the same time I would be able to communicate with both of you and send images to either of you in our heads." 

Emmy shook her head, "Yep, that is about right and you can even read other's emotions as well." Megan giggled, "Let's do it. Link me to the two of you." I asked if she was sure, she just kept smiling and shook her head yes.

I told Emmy that I wish for Megan to be linked to us both in life span and in the mind. Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command Master," her eyes glowed for a moment and then Megan started glowing for a minute. Once the light faded from around Megan I instantly got a message sent to my head from Megan "I love you Master." 

I smiled and said that I loved her and Emmy as well. She giggled and said, "Wow, it actually worked. This is cool." We went back to work on the boxes and finally got everything sorted into a keep pile and a throw out pile. I started scooping stuff up in the hallway and throwing it into empty boxes. Once everything was picked up I started carrying the stuff out to the curb. Emmy and Megan carried the other boxes to the door as I came back in from the curb. I saw both of them bending over to put a box down by the door and smacked both their asses at the same time. 

They both let out a yelp and started giggling. Emmy said, "Naughty Master, you are so bad." I finished taking everything out to the curb and went back inside. As soon as I entered the door I heard moaning; I followed the sound. When I got to the room I saw Emmy and Megan in a 69 going absolutely wild on each other. 

I chuckled and said, "What, my horny little slaves couldn't wait for their master?"

Megan looked up at me and said, "Master, come join us but please fuck this slave's pussy first." As she opened Emmy up I saw Emmy's juices flowing like a faucet from about Megan's face, dripping into her mouth. I walked over to them, stripping as I walked and got up behind Emmy, putting my cock into Megan's mouth to let her suck me to full hardness. She deep throated me to the base then let my cock go when it was fully hard, reached up, grabbed my shaft and aimed it at Emmy's pussy.

I pushed into Emmy and heard her scream as Megan started tonguing Emmy's clit. Emmy was flipping out at the double stimulation and started thrusting back to meet my thrusts. Megan was giggling underneath her as Emmy came again and almost drowned her. I continued to slam Emmy until she was racked with a series of small orgasms leading into a bigger one that made her not only collapse on top of Megan but also she lost consciousness. 

I helped Megan roll Emmy off of her and then grabbed Megan and pulled her down the bed. She was laughing as I started kissing her. We kissed for a few minutes then I started working my way down like I had done to Emmy. I nibbled her neck and kissed my way over to her ear as she was letting out cute little mewling sounds. I continued my trek down to her collarbone and trekked further down to her perky breasts. 

Once I nibbled on her breasts, I found she was the type of girl that had ultrasensitive tits. She was shuddering every time I kissed or licked anywhere on her tits. Once I gripped a nipple in my lips, she lost it and orgasmed hard. Megan was riding a massive orgasm out, pounding the bed with one hand and gripping my head to her right tit with the other. When she finally calmed down I pulled away from her chest and worked my way down kissing her stomach. She looked down at me with a huge smile on her face and her blue eyes almost glimmering with lust. I worked my way down and made first contact with her pussy. As soon as my lips made contact with her outer lips she screamed. I looked up to see her convulsing and Emmy attacking her tits. I laughed and went back to work on her pussy. After a few more minutes of the constant licking around her pussy, I attacked her clit and she shot off another massive orgasm. 

I looked up at her with her eyes shut tight and convulsing and positioned myself at her entrance. I started pushing into her and her eyes shot wide open and looked directly at me and locked eyes with mine. Her legs shot up around me and pulled me all the way inside of her; she let out a scream that rivaled Emmy's loss of virginity. I started rocking into her with a lot of power and she was matching thrust for thrust. We kept going and Emmy started sucking Megan's tits again while she was playing with herself. I told Megan to lean forward and I would let her on top once we had switched position. Megan started riding me like a bucking bronco. I grabbed Emmy and pulled her onto my mouth. She let out a giggle, "oooooo Master, that feels good." They started kissing each other. After about 35 minutes I felt Megan clamp down on my cock and heard her scream at the same time Emmy filled my mouth with her juices and I shot off inside Megan. 

Megan fell off of me and Emmy went straight for her pussy and started licking my cum out of her. I crawled up the bed and laid beside Megan. Once Emmy finished cleaning up Megan's pussy, she crawled up to my other side and both of them cuddled up to me. Megan smiled and told me, "That was the best sex I have ever had. I never knew I was able to have multiple orgasms." 

I gave her a kiss then Emmy and said, "OK my little pets, let's go take a good bath and get dinner prepared." They jumped up and ran to the bathroom. I followed them in and got the water ready then helped both of them into the tub.

We sat there for awhile, cuddled up in the tub with jets going all around us, talking to each other. After a little while we started to clean each other up and finally dried off. We headed to the kitchen and started cooking dinner. About an hour later we sat down at the table with a steak and baked potato in front of us and started eating. 

We talked for awhile while eating and once we had all finished our food Emmy and Megan grabbed the dishes and went to clean them up. Once the dishes were done we all went to the game room. I told Emmy I wish we had some couches in front of each TV four person couches. Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command Master." Her eyes glowed and three comfortable couches appeared in front of each TV. We curled up together in front of the PS4 TV, Emmy on my right, Megan on my left. We sat back playing games for a few hours, just having fun and enjoying each other's company. 

After awhile Megan said, "Master can we go out and skinny dip in the pool? I have never swam naked before and it is a beautiful night out." 

I smiled and said, "Sure, let's go have some fun in the pool." We grabbed some towels out of the pool house and jumped into the pool. We played around for a few hours and decided at about midnight to go in and get some sleep. 

We curled up on the bed together, a mess of legs and arms all over the place and fell asleep. When I woke up both the girls were gone off the bed. I walked out to the kitchen and both Emmy and Megan were naked, dancing in the kitchen while cooking breakfast. I sat down at the table and said, "Wow, what a sight. Two gorgeous girls dancing and cooking naked." 

They both turned and looked at me and then both blushed a deep crimson and talked in sync "Good morning Master. Did you sleep well?" I laughed and told them they wore me out last night, but I slept very well. They smiled and went back to dancing while cooking.

They put a plate of eggs, sausage, hash browns, and gravy in front of me and i gave them a kiss and a swat to the ass as they walked away. They both giggled. I gave both of them a kiss then said, "Ok my pets, let's go watch a movie and get some sleep. We have to do some remodeling to the house tomorrow and prepare for Erica's visit the day after. They both smiled stripped off their bikinis and sat on the couch. I pulled off my swim trunks and sat down between them.

We found a good movie to watch and I put my arms around both of them, hugging them to me. They both dropped a leg over mine and cuddled up tightly against me for the movie. Once the movie was over we went to the bedroom and got into the bed. Once again we cuddled up and I gave each of them a kiss and said goodnight my pets. They both said good night master and we fell asleep a little while later. In the morning I was awoken by something wet gripping my cock. When my eyes finally got focused I saw Megan riding me. When she saw my eyes were open she let out a giggle, "Good morning Master." I reached up and tweaked her nipple causing her to let out a scream when she came. 

Emmy heard it and came running back to the room, pushed Megan off my cock and jumped on me in a second flat yelling, "My turn Master." Megan giggled and rolled off the bed and left the room as Emmy started bouncing wildly. 

I rolled over without pulling out of Emmy and slammed into her eliciting a huge moan out of her. I leaned over putting all my weight onto my elbows and gave Emmy a deep kiss. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist, forcing me deeper inside of her. This sudden pull into her triggered a huge orgasm from her and me. I shot off inside of her which triggered another orgasm on top of the last one. 
