 This is a fictional story set in the world of Livia. The story has parts involving a 10 year old kid but do not stop reading in fear. This is not child erotica by any stretch of the imagination.

Marshal sat behind the beach holding his knees together and pulling his legs toward him keeping his feet planted on the soft soil. It had been awhile since he visited here. He meditated here when he was a small boy. His parents had warned him to avoid this area but it was so peaceful. He always let his mind drift as he entered a state of peace and tranquility with the world. 

His eyes gazed over the large lake that stretched into the horizon. He smiled softly to himself thinking that at this moment he had it all. He relaxed his mind absorbing the sounds of the tide. His mind was at ease and he could feel the flow of the world's mana around him. He smiled again. No one in this busy world seemed to comprehend the beauty of such "trivial" things such as air and water and how wonderful they could be.

He remembered when he was a little boy. He only had one friend in the whole world and it was a young sorceress who lived in the nearby forest, not more than 100 yards from where he sat. That was probably the reason his parents were uneasy about this beach. Sorceress tribes mostly lived secluded in forests such as this one and kept out of society's reach. More importantly, they didn't play by society's rules. Human nations wanted to cut into their land for lumber. Whether these nations wanted to pay for it or take it by force it still insulted the Sorceress tribes who wanted nothing more than to live in peace and hated having that peace disturbed. 

That wasn't the only source of tension between Sorceress and non-Sorceress folk. Sorceresses lived secluded from the rest of society. That is true. However, that didn't mean the magical ladies didn't get out once in awhile. They may be conservative in their own way, but that didn't mean they would never fraternize with men (or women) in a local town or city. It wasn't just about fraternization either. These women had an adventurous side as well. They wanted to see the world, see what the rest of their race as well as other races had been doing over the last year, to see human nature, non-human nature, Mother Nature, and supernatural nature. 

It's great these women adventured into the world but again, they didn't 100% comply with society's laws. Yet again, hey who does? However, the Sorceress tribes have made themselves separate from the human nations, an entity of their own and therefore, were open to discrimination. When a man came home late one night without a penis because he got on the bad side of a Sorceress, sometimes this led to hundreds of torches being lit simultaneously by angry mobs to march into the forest seeking revenge for the poor poor man. Every time these mobs when come back, scared out of their skulls with their fear greatly outweighing their anger. What they were scared of changed every time they dared come back.

Isabel was one of those mystifying Sorceresses. One day about 19 years ago she also was venturing a little way from her home just trying to bring her mind some peace when she spotted a young boy relaxing himself and enjoying the sound of the lake and the wind. He hadn't spotted her yet. He seemed really focused. She took a few paces to the side to stay out of his peripheral view so she could analyze him but more importantly not scare him. It was weird to see anyone close to her forest, let alone a small child. People in this area were quite scared of her and her kind.

She felt the mana around her and used her mind to analyze the child. He was 10. She could feel his emotions. He was very calm, but also really lonely. He had burdens that he didn't want to share with anyone in fear of giving others burdens of their own. She could tell in a matter of seconds just how strong he was personally, very sure of himself and defiant, but also incredibly sensitive. The most interesting thing is that he too, was a user of magic, a young mage. He wasn't old enough though to feel her scan him or feel her presence altogether and this delighted her. She loved knowing this boy's secrets. 

She knew she liked him before she even said hello to him. He was different than other boys and men. His mind was so different. It was complicated and yet simple and she enjoyed it. If she wanted to, she could relive the boys' life in a matter of days if she cast a spell to witness his memories but that would take the fun out of it. She knew enough to know he was different. This made her smile to herself in personal satisfaction.

Isabel was 17 at the time. She had already grown into an incredibly intelligent woman however she also had a dark side to her. She like a lot of other sorceresses was manipulative and her manipulative side was her strong suit. After all Sorceresses specialize in charm and time magic and at her young age she had already become very proficient at it. Sure, she had her soft side, but she concealed it well as she was trained to do at a young age. She was what every sorceress mother dreamed of in a daughter, except for maybe a little too much confidence and curiosity. This curiosity is what made her approach little Marshal at the beach.

"Afternoon, young fellow." She spoke softly to the boy who was simply wearing a blue shirt and gray cloth pants. He didn't have his cloak or weapon with him so she knew he couldn't have lived that far away.

Marshal was a little startled but got to his feet to greet his visitor. "Oh, hello. Are you from around here? I've never seen you before." He greeted her very politely for a young man. She foresaw he would but it still surprised her a little. People can foresee a lot of things, magic users can especially, but it's still another thing to experience things first-hand. 

Marshal honestly didn't know who she was, but he realized the answer the moment he asked. She was a sorceress as his parents have feared him meeting by coming to this beach. Fear engulfed him from within and he wasn't really sure what to do. He had no weapon even if he did feebly try to defend himself.

Isabel smiled down at him. She was 5'6, had long wavy brown hair, very dark brown eyes, and had a very pretty face to go along with her slender figure. She was a dream for most men with her slender figure as well as her nicely shaped breasts (about a 36c in our world) except for the fact that her skin was very close to a snowy white. That's what happens to those who dwell with certain kinds of magic and living in the forest that blocked the sun's light didn't help either. Some sorceresses got out of the forest just for the reason of sunlight to help the situation. Isabel wasn't one of them. Sunburn meant pain.

Marshal being only 10 years old was dwarfed in her presence. He was short, only 4'0 but had dark eyes of his own (although not as dark a brown) to counter hers. His hair was also brown but cut real short. His skin was also light colored but not as pale. He too dwelled in arts that would later pale his skin though. Even though Marshal was only 10, he realized how beautiful the girl was and this moment was one of the most intimidating moments he ever had in his life. She stood there in her black dress and cloak holding her staff in her right hand staring down at him. He got lost in her eyes as he stared into them, knowing she was analyzing him. Little did he know she was also using her magical abilities to feel his mind.

"I live around here, yes." She answered matter-of-factly. "May I sit with you, young man?" she asked politely.

Marshal didn't appreciate being called a "young man" as if she were his mother but happily complied.

The two didn't say anything for awhile as they sat and just enjoyed the scenery of the lake. Marshal was a little nervous but then a light bulb went off in his head as he remembered his training. He was told to sometimes use opportunities like this to analyze the other's mind with his own. He felt the flow of mana around him and tried to analyze this stranger.

Isabel already feeling his brain had to stop herself from chuckling at this attempt. She quickly countered his attempt and sealed her mind from his senses. 

Marshal gave her a look like she just spotted him looking at her breasts. A very shy "I didn't do it" look. She smiled at him. He felt he was being absorbed into her steady gaze. "Why are you trying to feel my mind, young one?" she asked patiently.

"Just curious. Sorry." He flushed.

"Before I let you do any mind reading, you will at the very least have to give me your name."

"Sorry!" he felt impolite once again, "I'm Marshal."

"Hello, Marshal." She smiled at him, "My name is Isabel."

"Nice to meet you." He returned her smile but quickly gazed back to the lake fearing he would lose himself in her eyes again. He did fear her after all; he was young and still maturing but knew enough that she was a sorceress.

"Yes. I am a sorceress. However, I won't hurt you." She said calmly, hoping to calm him as well.

Marshal couldn't really figure what to say other than to calmly utter, "…ok."

"Do you come here often?" she finally tried to converse with him. 

"Yeah, I try to." He said this honestly but what he didn't say is he probably wouldn't come here again. The last thing he needed in his already young and battle filled life was to worry about a sorceress cursing him. Yes, Marshal was unfortunate at a young age to be used to fight. He was already a hero in his young age for his contribution in the undead wars but that's another story.

She smiled gazing at the sea. "Please don't fear me, Marshal. I just want to enjoy this place as you do."

This surprised him. He all the sudden did feel calm and for some reason, happy. He felt connected to this girl. He couldn't use his magical senses but enjoyed her calm demeanor. Even though his mind was on the defensive, her mere plea for him to not fear was enough to steady him.

He smiled softly gazing at the lake, hoping she wouldn't see it as it was a smile to himself.

"Well, that's not all I want, Marshal. You're a very interesting boy, you know that? I could tell as I approached you." Marshal knew she could feel his mind and she probably easily found out he was a war hero. He enjoyed the recognition from everyone but hoped that others would like him for the person he was.

"Thanks," he said shyly, "What I did in the war wasn't that great…"

"..It was great, but that's not what I'm talking about. You're different." She said kind of curtly.

Marshal didn't know how to respond to her. "He" was different? What about her? What did this girl want?

"I want to know about you, young one. Tell me about yourself…" Marshal thought Isabel had something up her sleeve but he was only half right. She really did want to know about him. It's not everyday Isabel got to meet a male and have an interesting chat with them. They mostly just wanted to jump her bones (and some even physically attempted to do so, something involving fire usually occurred afterwards). She knew he was too young for that but even if he was of age, probably still wouldn't. 

Marshal hesitated, "Well…what do you want to know?"

"Tell me what's troubling you." She answered.

Marshal kind of was thinking defensively seeing as a complete stranger wanted to know about his secrets, but at the same time, he was drying to tell someone how he felt about the war, himself, and the life everyone else wants him to lead. It's not like this sorceress would tell everyone in the neighborhood, right? He looked into her eyes. He felt warmed by them. He felt that moment really helpless. She could have asked him to cut himself and he would have done it just to make her happy.

He began….and the two of them talked until the sun came down. Marshal was so happy to really talk to someone. He never met anyone like her in his entire life. Everyday after his studies he came to the beach in order to talk to his new best friend. Isabel, believe it or not felt the same way. It wasn't everyday a sorceress met someone outside of the tribe and had a real conversation with them either. Isabel knew and could feel how powerful he was, but it wasn't just his magical abilities. She couldn't put a finger on it but he was…different. As much as Marshal may have feared her in the beginning of their relationship, she became his best friend and continued to be for the next two years. Isabel honestly felt the same way. It may have been pathetic for a 12 year old to be a 19 year old's best friend and Isabel would never have admitted to it, but he was. It didn't take long for Marshal to inquire about her life and her stories. Isabel may have been tight-lipped about it at first, but eventually gave in to him, also needing someone to talk to. That's why there was always a place for him in her heart.

Unfortunately for both of them, Marshal's parents were killed in a fire one night. All Marshal wanted was to share his grief with Isabel but authorities took him away and sent him to live with his aunt and uncle until he was 18. Up until that point and after he was being sent all over the world on missions and even when he had the opportunity to visit his hometown, he wasn't brave enough to visit Isabel. He thought he might have loved her, but there's no way she could have felt the same. He was just a boy. Wouldn't she think he was pathetic for wanting to come back and see her? "Hey, remember me? The little boy that made you listen to all his misery and childish crap!? Well that's me! Let's hang out…" Marshal debated with himself again and again, and soon Isabel became a memory as he aged and he started his own living as a warlock. He had his small share of relationships but once in awhile he'd think back to the sorceress that was his dear friend.

Marshal now was back at the same lake, 29, still young and even though he was a warlock, a very proficient user of tactical magic as well as dark magic, he couldn't fully remember the times with Isabel back here at this lake. He just knew they occurred. Isabel probably was somewhere else right now. Sure she was a sorceress and probably kept to herself in the forest with the others but with his luck she probably married some amazing guy that swept her off her feet. But he was here now, and was happy with just like in the old days, enjoying the scenery.

Why am I moaning to myself? He thought. The problems in the world had subsided for now. He should be at peace, and he was. Still, every man, even those as conservative as Marshal was needed love. He spent his entire hormonal life personally defying himself and containing his need, as he knew it clouded his mind, but once in awhile his desires won. Marshal was a real gentleman. He did his best to never let his desires dictate his actions. He internally defied his desires and did his best to act on his brain and his heart when he interacted with women.

"Afternoon, young one."

Marshal couldn't believe it. He was beyond shock but he did his best to keep his composure as he rose to his feet and faced his visitor whom was wearing the same kind of clothes she did when she was 17 along with her staff. This time Marshal was also dressed in black, black shirt, cloth pants, leather boots, leather gloves, and a black cloak. This was a typical outfit for warlocks. This time though, he towered over her. He was 6'0, a little muscular, his dark eyes focusing on hers, and was now just as pale. Working with dark magic had now had the same effect as charm and time magic did with Isabel. He returned her gaze and towered her, but she was still the intimidating one. Her eyes seem to gaze into his soul. 

She was 36 now, but still beautiful. In fact, Marshal thought she aged into a more wonderful woman than she was before. She was a little fuller now. Her breasts would be about a 38D by earth measures and her butt and hips had filled a little bit too. She also had a little tummy but wasn't fat by any stretch of the imagination. Her face was starting to age but that actually made her look more intelligent and beautiful. After all, she was more intelligent in her older age and in Marshal's opinion, more beautiful than he remembered.

Marshal was a strong man usually with women. They didn't intimidate him but Isabel did. He tried to speak but Isabel just smiled at him quickly put her gloved finger to his lips, "quiet for now, young one." She wanted to stifle her laugh but she couldn't help but giggle a little just as she did when she was 17. He was really cute. She could feel his mind, and although Marshal could detect her doing so now, he let her. She could see everything he has been through and everything of a man he became. She was so happy. He was still the same.

"I'm sorry I never came back, Isabel."

"Me too, young one. But, I understand why. I never looked for you either." 

"Still calling me young one, huh?" Marshal joked.

"Do you not like me calling you that?" she looked in his eyes.

"No, it's quite alright. It's nice someone thinks I'm young." He smiled.

Isabel smiled at him, but tried not to make it too sweet. She didn't want him to think she was an easy target. She knew how Marshal was feeling by searching him with her mind. Marshal tried to do the same but as always she sealed off her mind from him. Marshal could have tried to overpower her spell with his own, but out of respect he didn't. 

Marshal had never been so happy in his life. He never thought he would ever see Isabel again but here she was. This sorceress that was his best friend. He was a man now, however, and had his desires, but he always fought his desires in order to be respectful, and Isabel was no exception. In fact, if there was one impression that Isabel left him with as a boy, it was that he really respected her. If she was upset with something he said, he shut up, took it back, and thought about what he said. It didn't take Isabel long to find out that he didn't turn into the typical man she feared he would. He was really strong as she had felt when she was 17, but his sensitivity was such so that he never objectified women. She could feel him holding back his tension. She appreciated it.

Isabel sat down and motioned Marshal to sit next to her, just like in the old days. "Ok….Marshal. Since it would take years for us to catch up on our lives, I will let you read my mind as I read yours. Let's quickly catch up on the jest of what has happened." She softly requested of him. Marshal thought this was forward, but this was how he remembered her being. She always knew what she wanted. Marshal for the first time felt Isabel's mind. He could feel her emotions and they were just as he suspected they would be when he was little, she did have a dark aura about her and she was manipulative but yet…there was a love about her that was very rich and powerful. This love is what made her really sad. It made her sad because she had no means to offer it. It was useless, useless energy that she begged everyday to let loose but she never could. No man ever felt the same way about her. Sure, she had her sexcapades, but nothing real. Her life was peaceful, but…sad. To Marshal's surprise she fought against the Ralurian army back when he was. She had her adventures as did he back in the warring days. What made her dark and manipulative is that during these sexcapades she could use her natural charm as well as her magic to make men do whatever she pleased and she even to "sort out" a few men that came on a little too strong to say the least. She was a woman that was not to be crossed and was feared because of her sly way of "sorting out" people, but no one ever noticed how wonderful she truly was.

Isabel could feel the same about Marshal; he was happy, at peace, yet sad. He had his adventures and his relationships, but never had a real woman who could appreciate who he was.
