 We got back inside the Hummer and started driving down the road. Along the way Emmy saw an adult store and asked if we could stop and look. I laughed and said sure. We pulled into the store parking lot and everyone got out. We went inside and started looking around. The girls had all split up in pairs. Emmy and I stayed together and looked around. Emmy saw some collars and said I should buy some collars for each of the girls, her included. I heard in my head all the girls say yes, please get us a collar. I laughed and picked out seven different collars. Each had its own unique type of stone in it. The girls came running back to me and Emmy and they had lotions, candles, and a couple of sex toys. I noticed Lisa staring at some bondage gear so I added it to the other items being purchased. We ended up spending around $2000 on our various items. When we walked up to the counter, I noticed the male cashier had a huge shit eating grin on his face. I probably had the same grin on my face. I put the collars and other stuff on the counter. The cashier rang it all up and put everything into bags. 

As the girls grabbed the bags and headed out to the Hummer, he stopped me for a second and asked, "Sir, if you don't mind me asking, how did you get all those girls?" I smiled and told him they were all my girlfriends. We live together and share each other. His jaw dropped and did not say another word as I walked out the door. I got into the Hummer and Lisa handed a lit joint to me. I started driving down the road and I heard rustling in the back seat but Emmy just giggled and told me not to look yet. 

I asked if the girls wanted to go anywhere else before we headed home. Ashara spoke up, "Master, there is one place I would like us to go but we need to go home first and drop this stuff off. Then we will need to pack a bag for each of us to have at least a week trip." I asked her what she was talking about exactly. Ashara said, "Master, I want us to go to Egypt. My family owns a personal museum that's dedicated to Djinn artifacts. It also has some books we did not want to show to just anyone. I think we might be able to get some info about Dark Djinns that I can't provide with the resources here." I asked if all the girls felt like going to Egypt. I got a resounding yes from all of them. 

Lisa spoke up, "Master, we might have a problem. Some of us do not have a passport so we won't be able to go." I laughed, you're forgetting Emmy is a Djinn. I can always wish for everyone to have an up to date passport, isn't that right Emmy. 

Emmy giggled, "Yes Master, I can instantly create up to date documents for all of us." 

Lisa smiled, "Well then, I guess now we just gotta figure out what we need to pack." 

Ashara smiled, "Pack thin clothing with long sleeves and pants or skirts that are long to protect from the sunlight. It's really hot and sunny in Egypt." 

I drove us back to the house and the girls put up the newly bought sex toys and other stuff then started packing bags for the trip. I wished for Emmy to create passports for the trip. She smiled and said, "Your wish is my command, Master." I got on the phone and called the airport and bought all of us first class round trip tickets to Egypt. I packed my own bag and set it beside the door. The girls all started bringing their bags to the door. All the girls had a huge smile on their faces as they came walking up especially Emmy. I asked them what was up with the smiles Emmy said, "For me Master, I get to see where I came from and might find more information about myself." I told them let's go and grabbed all the bags and easily carried them to the Hummer. The girls were all giggling. I was curious what was going on and looked in the rear view mirror I saw the girls all looking into their bags and whispering to each other. 

I smiled and asked what was going on. Angela smiled, "Master, we brought some of the lingerie with us. One of our bags has enough lingerie for each of us along with our sexy collars you bought us. I laughed and said they were all naughty. Angela giggled, "You're right Master. You know you like us all being naughty." I nodded my head and drove toward the airport. As I drove I saw the Dark Djinn in the rear view mirror, but when I turned to look, she had disappeared again. Upon arriving at the airport, we pulled into the extended stay parking lot. I took the ticket and put it in my wallet. We got all the bags out of the Hummer and the airport shuttle drove up a few moments later and gave us a lift to the airport doors. Once out, I stopped by the ticket counter to pick up our tickets. I handed each of the girls their tickets and we headed through security to our gate. We boarded our plane less than an hour later. When we got on, the flight attendant smiled and guided us to our seats. He smiled and said, "You are our only first class passengers today. Not many people going to Egypt lately." I nodded my head and he asked if he could get us anything to drink. I told him to please bring us three bottles of champagne. A few minutes later we had three fresh chilled bottles of some very good French champagne. 

Before we knew it the flight was in the air. We were having a lot of fun just talking with each other. I just couldn't stop smiling at Erica. This was her first time flying and was like a little kid, constantly staring out the window. The flight attendant came over to us and asked if there was anything he could get us before he left us for about an hour to help with the passengers in coach. I told him no. He smiled and said he would be back in about an hour if everyone flying coach today cooperated. As we flew I decided to ask Lisa why she wanted to join us. 

Lisa smiled, "Well Master, it's like this. My family has always served Lady Ashara's family. That is how I grew up and I loved that life. When you came into lady Ashara's life and I saw how happy you had made her, I got a little jealous. When you and the girls offered to let me stay with you as a live in maid, it made me happier then I had been in a long time. But the biggest reason I joined you was when I saw the Dark Djinn and heard the full story I had this sudden, distinct feeling telling me I had to stay with you and that I would be able to help you out one day. I could not figure out why. It was just a strong sense telling me to stay." 

I gave her a kiss told her we would figure out whatever it was sooner or later. Lisa smiled and said, "Thank you, Master. I appreciate it and I am really enjoying being part of your harem; your family. The other girls make me feel so welcome and part of everything. I never thought I'd be this happy sharing a man with so many other girls. And don't get me started on the magic tongue trick. That is so awesome!" All the girls cracked up laughing and nodded their heads in agreement. 

I told the girls to all get a little sleep. The plane ride was gonna take another 11 hours so we should all sleep as long as possible since we are gonna be on a different timezone when we get there. They all reclined their chairs and pulled the cover over themselves. I stayed up looking over all the girls and wondering how I deserved any one of them, let alone seven. Each one was a special treasure to me in their own unique way. The flight attendant came back and saw the girls all sleeping peacefully. He smiled and motioned me to come over to the seats across the aisle. He sat down with me and asked if he could ask me something personal. I said let me guess. You want to know why all these girls are with me and what our relationship is, right? He smiled, "You must get asked that a lot huh?" I nodded my head and said that the girls were all my girlfriends. We live together and share each other. His jaw dropped, "Wow sir, it must be a great life to have so many beauties in your life." I laughed it's both a great thing but also a curse if you catch my drift. He just laughed and said he had to get back to work. I asked him for a rum and coke so I could get to sleep faster. 

I sat back in my seat and he brought my drink to me a few minutes later. I drank it down in a gulp and lay back in my seat. We woke up about 11 hours later when the captain started his announcement telling us we would be arriving in Cairo Egypt in about 35 minutes. The girls split up and went in all the available bathrooms to fix their hair and freshen up. When they came back out, each was wearing the collar I had bought for them. I smiled and shook my head at what people would think about all these girls wearing collars. When everyone was settled back in their seat, I told Emmy I had another wish. She looked at me, waiting. I told her I wish that each collar fit perfectly. I also asked her to make it where each of them could always 'feel' the collar when it was on, that they would never get to the point where they were so comfortable with it that they couldn't tell if they were wearing it. And, I told her while she was modifying the collar, to go ahead and change the stone to be their birthstone and to add mine beside it on the right and surround it with the other girl's birthstone. The girls oooo'd and aaaa'd over the collars as they noticed the changes being made. Some of them even got a little teary eyed as they realized the significance of the new configuration. The collars were still too new for them to notice that they would always know when they had it on. We landed and taxied up to the gate without incident. When the seat belt light turned off, the girls each grabbed their carry on and I grabbed mine. We got off the plane and the minute we entered the airport a Limo driver came up to Ashara and politely took her bag. Ashara smiled, "Driver, I am not the master here. This is my Master and fellow slaves please take all our bags." The driver gave a deep bow to me and took our bags and carried them to the Limo. He said someone else would be waiting for our checked luggage and would deliver it later. 

After he put the bags in the trunk, he turned to me, "I'm sorry sir. I did not know the mistress had become your slave. She was always a confident and powerful lady." I told him not to worry about it it's not that kind of slave/master relationship. He got a curious look on his face, "Sir, what does that mean?" I laughed and told him the relationship I have with all the girls is basically girlfriends. I love them all but they like to call me Master. He laughed, "I understand now. You do not beat them and you treat them all with love. That is why they are all so smitten with you." He opened the door for me and closed it behind me before getting in the driver seat. He opened the divider and asked, "Where to sir?" 

Ashara said, "This is my Master's first trip to Egypt, so I will be his tour guide. The first stop is my family home." The driver said right away ma'am and started driving. A little while later we were going down a long curving road leading to a huge house that looked more like a palace. This place made the house we were all living in look like a cottage. 

As we got closer, I realized the driveway was at least 5 miles long. The grounds were expertly manicured and breathtaking to behold. Ashara saw me staring at the yard and everything around us and said, "Master, this house is where my family has lived for generations. My mother still lives here but she is very old and not of very good health. This land is taken care of by the government since it is a landmark and considered a national treasure of Egypt." We got out of the Limo and the driver brought the bags into the house before excusing himself. 

We walked inside and Ashara told the other girls, except for Emmy, to walk around the grounds and make themselves at home. She also mentioned there was a pool out back of the house. The girls all ran off in groups. Ashara, Emmy and I all walked to the parlor where Ashara's mother was seated. As we walked in her mother stood up and walked toward us. As she got close, she introduced herself as Salani and looked at me. You must be the young man that caused my daughter to forsake her old life. I frowned and Salani smiled and laughed, "I am only kidding. My daughter told me all about you and your Djinn and also told me that she had fallen in love with you when she saw how much your girls all loved and cared for you and your love for them. And you must be the lovely Djinn my daughter told me about. I can see she was right about you. You are very sexy and your eyes are breathtaking." 

Emmy blushed, "Thank you ma'am. I can see where Ashara got her beauty. You are quite beautiful." 

Salani smiled, "Thank you. But I have not been beautiful in a long time and I know it." 

Emmy sent a thought to me, "Master, can I grant her 3 wishes please? I would love for her to regain her youth and especially her health." I nodded my head, out of habit I suppose, and said yes back to Emmy. 

I looked a Salani and said ma'am since you know Emmy is a Djinn, she can grant you three wishes if you want them. You will be able to be younger and regain your health. 

Salani smiled, "Sir I have lived for a long time and have had a very good life. I gave birth to a beautiful daughter who now belongs to a Djinn master. I could not want for more so I will happily refuse those wishes. But you could do one thing for me instead of giving me wishes. Promise that you will take good care of my daughter and perhaps, one day, be the father of a grandchild for me. That way our family line does not end without an heir." 

Ashara giggled, "Mother, I did not tell you this but I have information the family never knew about Djinns and their master. The master can wish to link the ones he cares for to his extended/immortal life force which extends our life to be equal to his. And he has, in fact, done exactly that, and more, for each of his girls." 

Salani smiled, "So my family line is fine then; I have no worries and can die happy. Oh, that is right, you signed over all the American holdings to your master Ashara, so now that you all are here I'll sign over the holdings here." 

Salani got on the phone to the bank and told them that I would be coming by the bank soon and that she was signing over all holdings, accounts, and properties to me. After she hung up, she walked over to a very large painting of a male Djinn with a crown on his head. Ashara saw me staring at the painting and said, "Master, if you're wondering about that painting, it's of the Djinn Creator. He creates the Djinn's spirits using a human life that is near death and seals it in a vessel until a master awakens it." 

Emmy got really curious, "So he is the one that created me for the master. I really wish I could meet him and thank him." 

Ashara smiled, "I'm not sure if that is even possible. One of the reasons I brought you all here is for the family museum. It holds old vessels once used by masters that either freed their Djinns or broke the rules of the Djinn and were punished for it by way of dimensional sealing." 

I asked what kind of rules she meant that would cause that kind of punishment. Ashara said, "There are only two rules that must never be broken. Since I know what type of person you are, I doubt you would ever break them. First is never try to corrupt your Djinn. In other words do not corrupt them by turning evil yourself. Second is the one most of the masters break. It is by wishing the Djinn to kill someone. Most Djinns will tell their master that they cannot. But, in reality, if the master wishes strongly enough, the Djinn can break that rule and kill. If this happens, the master will instantly be called in front of the Creator and he passes judgment. Usually the Djinn ceases to exist and the master is sealed permanently inside the old vessel." 

I nodded my head that I understood the rules and would never break them. Salani rejoined us and handed me a folder and a binder. When I opened them up there were deeds, stocks and bonds, as well as a whole lot of keys taped to the outside of documents. Salani said, "Those keys open properties that are owned by the family. Some have been owned since the 1600's and some are as new as last week. You do not have to keep all of them but you really should look at each one before selling it off. Also there is a bunch of phone numbers inside each of the plastic sheets. If you choose not to keep the properties, those people will buy them from you for a high price. The Museum is here in the basement area of this house. Please follow me and I will show you around. If you wish to bring your other girls you're free to do so. But you do need to tell them not to touch anything. Some of these artifacts are dangerous. Especially the ones locked behind glass." 

I sent a thought to all the other girls that we were going down to the Museum that they can come if they want or they can continue to explore. They all chose to continue swimming and exploring. Salani guided us to the elevator and inserted a key that unlocked a keypad. You needed to punch a code to go down to the museum. As we got on the elevator and Salani pressed the button for the basement floor, I noticed that there were 5 levels below ground. This place was huge. Ashara laughed, "Master, I forgot to tell you the four levels between the ground floor and the museum are where we keep our family documents and old artifacts that we did not want available to anyone due to curses etc." I thanked her for telling me but asked why they didn't just destroy the cursed items. Ashara said, "Well Master, some of those cursed items are linked to some of the biggest mysteries and some of the biggest disasters in history and if we dispose of them the wrong way it could cause even bigger problems." I nodded as the elevator came to a halt and the doors opened. The lights in the museum must have been linked to a motion detector, because they came on as soon as the elevator doors opened. The room beyond was massive with all kinds of Jars, Pendants, even Lamps. Even more impressive were scrolls, jewels, and tons of tapestries and stone tablets. Salani motioned for us to follow her and pointed out certain items and even stopped to talk about a few. 

At one point she stopped in front of a massive vase. It was least 20ft high and 8ft wide. Salani saw me looking at the vase and said, "Your eyes are already tracking magical items. This vase is one of the oldest items we have here. We attempted to carbon date it multiple times. The results always came back saying undetermined age. We could not get any answers on its age or the materiel it is made of." I stood there staring at it and noticed symbols in a small square. I pointed them out to Salani who answered back, "I do not see anything there. It is only a blank, square design." I asked for a piece of paper and a pencil. No one had any so I wished for a pad and pen from Emmy. 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command, Master." Her eyes glowed for an instant before a notepad and pen appeared in my hand. 

I started sketching the symbols I saw written on the vase. Once I finished I handed it to Salani. She let out a gasp when she saw the symbols and said, "Is this really what you see on the vase?" I said yes and Salani said, "If I am reading this correctly, this is the immortal vessel of the grand Djinn. He works directly for the Creator himself. He is the second most powerful Djinn in existence. I cannot believe we have had this in our possession for so many generations and nobody knew what it was." 

I reached out and touched the square with my hand. I don't know what I was expecting. Nobody seemed particularly concerned when I reached out. I was kind of disappointed when nothing happened. I told Salani to please continue on with the tour. Salani smiled and said to follow her. We walked around this massive Museum for almost two hours looking at empty vessels and a myriad of other things on display. Salani started looking really weak and I told her we should take her back upstairs and let her rest. Ashara could always show me and Emmy around later or even tomorrow. Salani smiled, "That is true, let's all go back upstairs and relax. I bet your girls would really like to get naked and have something to eat." Ashara and Emmy both smiled and nodded their heads yes. Salani just laughed. I will tell all the workers they can call it a day, although I do not think any of them are gonna be working anywhere near the house for the rest of the day." 
