 I decided to start writing the story more like a screenplay.

So now when someone is talking you will see.
Name: 

And if its an action in the dialogue.
Name (action):



Fumée (smiled): May I put us back in our clothes from earlier? Emmy smiled and nodded her head yes. I told her to go ahead. Fumée instantly flashed our clothes back onto us and said where to now? 

I told them to teleport us to Akher Sa'a. I always heard it was famous restaurant, so I wanted to give it a try. They both smiled, took my hand and each other's and we appeared around the corner from the restaurant. We went in and had a casual dinner and talked the whole time. I excused myself to go to the bathroom. After I finished I started walking back to the table and noticed Emmy and Fumée were both giggling and whispering to each other. I got back to the table and sat down between them. They both pressed themselves against me and said they were ready to go dancing. We paid the bill and headed out. As we were leaving, I asked one of the other customers what was the best dance club in Cairo. He told me his favorite club was "After Eight". I told him thank you and hailed a taxi. I helped the girls into the cab and got between them on the seat. They cuddled up to me and draped their legs over mine.

After about 45 minutes in the taxi, having these two sexy girls rubbing up on me and kissing my neck, I was glad the drive was over. I got out of the taxi and helped the girls out of the cab. They curled their arms around mine and we walked toward the front door of the club. The bouncer smiled and opened the rope for us to enter. Once we entered the club, we went to the bar and each ordered a rum and coke to start the night off. Fumée was not sure of the drink until she tasted it, and then gulped it down really quickly. I laughed and gulped mine down. Emmy followed suit and shot hers like a champ. We ordered another one and walked over to the edge of the dance floor and watched other couples dancing to a smooth jazz. Fumée started getting into the rhythm of the music and swayed her hips to the beat. I made a silent wish to Emmy that we all knew how to dance to any kind of music that was played. 

Emmy (giggled): Your wish is my command, Master (her eyes glowed for a few seconds) then instantly we all knew how to dance like pros. I grabbed their hands and led them onto the dance floor. The band broke out into an old 40s style band music. We got on the dance floor and started dancing to the music. The dance floor sort of opened up for us and we ended up the center of attention. By the end of the song we had the whole crowd applauding us as we left the floor. I told the girls to sit at the table and I would go get us some drinks.

I started back to the table and I suddenly noticed a guy talking to them. Fumée stood in front of him and started poking her finger into his chest. The club suddenly got really quiet when she started yelling at him. 

Fumée (looked angry): Listen you smug arrogant bastard. The man we are here with does not treat us like objects like you are doing. I have a feeling that even if we had wanted to go back with you to your room that you could not keep up with us. I also get the feeling me telling you off like I am, you are on the verge of blowing your load in your pants followed by a torrent of piss.

He raised his hand to slap her just as I walked up behind him, grabbed his hand, and told him if he laid one finger on either of the girls that I was going to make him regret it. 

Angry club patron (laughed and turned to face me): Do you think I am afraid of you, you dancing monkey? 

I told him he did not have to be afraid of me, but if he touched either of my girls I would make him regret it. He laughed and took a swing at me. I dodged and brought my fist up, catching him in the stomach. I knocked him back a foot or so and watched as he recuperated and came at me again. I sidestepped him and kicked him on the ass as he went past me. He quickly turned around and took another swing at me. This time I blocked it and told him if he took one more swing at me I was going to lay him out. I saw him get even angrier and tried to upper cut me. I stepped back and swung at him, connecting with his jaw. In an instant he fell over on top of a table and went limp as he fell to the floor unconscious. The whole club broke into applause. The manager came over and talked to me.

The manager: First sir, let me say I am truly sorry for the rudeness of this trash. Second that was some fancy moves. You would make a great bouncer. I have never seen anyone get through a fight that easily. Lastly as compensation, yours and your girls' drinks are on the house tonight and do not try to pay for the broken table. 

I told him thank you for everything and went back to the table where Emmy and Fumée were waiting.

Fumée: Why did you stop him from trying to hit me? You know he would not be able to hurt me. 

I leaned over and planted a kiss on her lips and told her that it did matter to me, if a man tries to hit a woman I care about, I will step in the middle of it before it can happen.

Two women came up to me and told me they appreciate someone finally knocking that dickhead out. I laughed and said it was no problem. I can't stand seeing a guy hit a girl. If he had only flirted with my girls I would not have stepped in, but he raised his hand to them. Fumée blushed and whispered something into Emmy's ear and Emmy giggled and whispered back. After the girls left I sat back at the table and the bartender brought over a bottle of Rum and a pitcher of coke and said when we needed more to just ask. We sat back and drank for a little bit before I grabbed their hands and led them back onto the dance floor. I asked the band if they knew any swing music and they broke out into an awesome song. I started dancing with both girls at once and had the dance floor jumping in moments. We all started sweating. Before the end of the song we went back to the table and poured ourselves another R&C. 

Fumée (smiled): This is a lot of fun. I can't believe I was trying to kill you both when I could have been having fun like we are now.

Emmy (smiled and gave Fumée a kiss on the cheek): Fumée you could continue to have fun like this if you join us.

Fumée (sat back and seemed to be lost in thought for a moment): So you are both still willing to let me join your lives? 

Emmy and I nodded our heads yes and I told her I would be happy to have her join us. 

Fumée: Let us see how the rest of the night goes and I promise to give you my answer tonight, if that is ok. 

I told her she did not have to rush an answer. I want her to feel comfortable with me and all my girls. Fumée simply nodded and we continued to have a few drinks and danced a few more times. At about 2am we decided to call it a night. I called the limo driver to come get us. He said he would be here in about 45 minutes. Fumée was tipsy as hell. Emmy and I were tipsy as well, but we were not affected as much as Fumée. I picked her up and set her in my lap. She wrapped her arms around my neck and laid her head on my shoulder. I felt her breathing slow down and knew she had passed out. My phone rang and the limo driver said he was out front. I picked Fumée up carefully and Emmy took my arm as we walked out of the club. Emmy got into the limo first and helped pull Fumée in. Once I got in, Emmy pulled Fumée's head into her lap while I draped her legs over mine.

We started the long drive home and I raised the divider between the driver and the back of the limo. 

Emmy (giggled): Master, she is so cute lying in our laps, drunk. I cannot believe she is so affected by alcohol compared to me. 

I chuckled and told her to behave herself. Emmy gave a half frown, half smile. 

Emmy (smiled): Master, can we play with her now? 

I shook my head and told her I did not want to do anything to her while she was passed out drunk. 

Emmy (giggled): So when we get back to the house, let's take her to the room and cuddle up with her till she wakes up. 

I nodded and said that was a good idea. Thirty minutes later we pulled up to the front of the house. The driver came and opened the door. Emmy got out first, followed by me, carrying Fumée into the house. Emmy waved off Ulia and Kendra and told them to go get some sleep, that we were fine.

I walked back to the bedroom. All the girls were sitting on the bed, relaxing naked, just talking. When we walked in Emmy made a shushing sign while I walked over to the bed. Emmy made hers and Fumée's clothes disappear. The girls all came over and gently took Fumée from my arms and set her on the bed. Emmy then made my clothes disappear. I crawled up on the bed and pulled Fumée against me Emmy crawled up and sandwiched Fumée between her and me. The rest of the girls wrapped around all three of us. We laid there talking quietly with each other, letting Fumée sleep off the alcohol. After about 45 minutes, Fumée started coming around. She started to panic a little until she felt my cock resting in between her ass cheeks. Emmy looked her right in the eyes and leaned in giving her a kiss. Fumée melted into the kiss. I put my hand on Fumée's hip. She broke off the kiss with Emmy and turned her head toward me. I planted a kiss on her and she grabbed my hand that was on her hip and pulled it onto her pussy.

The minute my fingers touched her pussy I could tell it was soaked. While my hand was playing over her pussy, she reached back and wrapped her fingers around my hardening cock and pulled it down to where it was resting against her pussy and between her legs. 

Emmy (gave Fumée a kiss): I am leaving the Master to you for the night. 

The other girls split up and paired off. Erica/Lisa got into a 69, while Emmy/Ashara did the same on the other side of us. I rolled over onto my back and Fumée flipped over on the bed and crawled over on top of me. She reached down and pulled my cock up between her legs and let it plop down to rest in between her ass cheeks while she lay on her stomach on top of me.

Fumée (blushed): This feels so good to be pressed against you. 

She started kissing me with a frenzied passion while I wrapped one arm around her back and the other gripped her right ass cheek. I pulled her tight against me and told her that I wanted her but I did not want to force anything on her. She smiled, reached down grabbed my cock and slid up on me, positioning my cock at her pussy. I stopped her from pushing back down and told her that when she has sex for the first time it will hurt. Instead of stopping she pushed back hard on me impaling herself on my cock and letting out a shriek that could wake the dead. The instant my cock was buried inside of her, she fell forward on my chest and started crying. I put my hand on her back and rubbed it for a few minutes. After a few moments she started gently wiggling her hips, but was still crying on my chest. Emmy got behind her and used her magically enhanced tongue to lick around my cock at Fumée's pussy lips and clit. After a few moments, Fumée started rocking her hips, taking my cock in and out of her pussy.

Fumée started moaning and sat straight up on my cock. The minute she did, Ashara and Emmy attacked her nipples; licking and sucking them. Fumée started screaming out an orgasm after about 5 minutes of bronco riding my cock. She fell forward and her pussy gripped me a silk lined vise, causing me to erupt inside of her, which pushed her over the edge again and she passed out on my chest. The girls were all giggling saying that Fumée is probably comatose now after that fuck. Fumée was gurgling on my chest. I looked down at her face and she had a huge smile from ear to ear.

I looked over at Emmy and said I wish you and the other girls would have a series of intense orgasms that would last for 5 minutes. 

Emmy (looked surprised): Your wish is my command. 

Instantly Emmy, Ashara, Erica, and Lisa all fell back on the bed screaming out as the orgasms wracked their bodies. For 5 minutes they rolled, thrashed, and gripped their tits. The bed, in a matter of minutes, was soaked in pussy juice and so were me and Fumée, who woke up when Emmy's juices splashed on her face.

Fumée (giggled): You are funny, making them all orgasm like that after pounding me senseless. 

She rolled off my cock and looked at her pussy dripping my cum. She scooped some onto her hand and licked it. 

Fumée: No wonder I always see your girls licking each other clean when you cum on or in them. I like the taste too. 

Emmy, who had been orgasming, snapped out of it and pounced on Fumée and buried her tongue inside of Fumée to scoop out my remaining cum. Fumée fell back flat and started moaning at Emmy's tongue work until she came again on her tongue. After the orgasm passed, Fumée watched as Emmy ran and kissed the other girls, sharing my cum with them.

Emmy (finished sharing and looked over at Fumée): You taste really sweet Fumée. You taste like honeysuckles.

Erica jumped between Fumée's legs and started licking her pussy, causing Fumée to once again fall back and start moaning. It got even better for her when Ashara joined Erica between Fumée's legs and started co-op licking her pussy. Fumée started screaming out another orgasm that wracked her body, making it contort and twist almost unnaturally. After the orgasm passed, Fumée went limp on the bed and passed out. I laid back and pulled Fumée onto my left arm and the other girls took their places. We all fell asleep shortly after. When we woke up in the morning, Fumée was gone from the bed. A few minutes later Ulia came into the room smiling.

Ulia: Master, Mistresses, the girl you came in with last night is in the master bath right now. She ran in there a little while ago and filled the tub. She told me to tell you when you all woke up to come join her. 

The girls all jumped up and ran to the bathroom. I heard 4 distinct splashes and then giggling. I walked into the bathroom and the first thing that caught my eyes was Emmy and Fumée kissing each other. I got into the bath and Fumée turned from Emmy and jumped into my arms planting a kiss on my lips.

Fumée (smiled): That was a lot of fun last night, Master. I really enjoyed it. 

I gave her a surprised look and asked her why she called me Master. 

Fumée (giggled): Because I am no longer a Dark Djinn. It turns out, after we had sex last night and fell asleep; I lost nearly all my powers and abilities. Since I am no longer a Dark Djinn, and you and your girls all said you would love to have me join your family, I decided to take you up on that offer. 

I laughed and said, good, I was glad to have her in our lives. We cleaned each other off. I washed all the girls' hair and as we finished drying each other off, we all started glowing. A moment later all of us, including Fumée, were in Cre's palace standing in front of him.

Cre shrank to human size and walked toward us. He stopped in front of me with a big grin on his face.

Cre: Scott, congratulations. You are the first person ever to turn a Dark Djinn away from killing its counterpart. 

Cre stepped over in front of Fumée and Emmy who were holding hands. 

Cre (smiled): You two actually look like you love each other. 

Fumée turned to Emmy and pulled her in for a full out kiss in front of Cre. He chuckled in response. 

Cre: Fumée, you have a few small bits of magic left. You have just enough to change your appearance a little if you want. It is up to you. I have a feeling Scott wouldn't care if you looked exactly like Emmy forever but I think it would look a little strange when almost identical girls were in public, kissing each other.

Fumée (smiled): Yes, I think I will change my appearance a tiny bit. Just enough to not look like Emmy. 

Fumée (stood in front of a mirror that appeared): Master, do you have any preferences at all? 

I told her no, I will like anything she does to herself 

Fumée (smiled): Ok hold on. I have an idea. 

She looked into the mirror and all of sudden started glowing. When the glow faded, she stood about 2 inches taller than Emmy. Instead of B cups, she sported Cs and made her ass a little bubblier. Then she removed her freckles and gave herself a fuller face and made her hair black with red streaks through it and changed her eyes from the smoky color to a bright blue.

Fumée (turned toward me and the girls): Well how do I look now? Do you all like it?

All the girls smiled and started whistling at her. I walked over to her and gave her a kiss. 

Cre (smiled): Ok, since she was Emmy's Dark Djinn, they were already linked in life span, but the other links you will have to wish for Scott. 

I nodded my head and told Emmy that I wish for Fumée to be linked to our minds and for her to have the same abilities as the other girls.

Emmy (giggled): Your wish is my pleasure, Master. 

Then I heard Fumée's voice in my head, I love you master, joined by the other girls giggling out loud. I just smiled and pulled all the girls in for a hug.

Cre (smiled): Now Fumée is part of your life and Megan will be back soon as a second Djinn. Scott and ladies I have a favor to ask Scott. You have one Djinn vessel. I want to give you 6 more. Each of your girls will hold onto one each until you find masters for them. The girls cannot use these Djinn's and they cannot hand the Djinn vessels to anyone else; only you can Scott. They can wear them but will not be able to take them off or have them stolen. 

I asked the girls if they felt like holding the vessels till we found masters for them. They all smiled and nodded their heads.

Fumée (looked surprised): Even me master? 

I told her yes, she was now one of my girls and Cre said 6 which means the 5 here now and one more for when Megan comes out of the ring. 

Fumée (smiled): Then I accept the responsibility to hold a vessel as well. I will take care of it for as long as I have too. 

Cre waved his hand and a box appeared in front of the girls.

Cre (smiled): Ladies pick up any of the vessels you want. There are rings, pendants, and bracelets. 

The girls each grabbed vessels from the box.

Cre: Scott, I asked Megan what kind of vessel she wanted to hold. She said for you to grab a pendant for her. 

I smiled and grabbed a pendant from the box. 

Cre: Ok I will send you all back to your dimension, but before I do, Scott, now that Fumée is no longer a threat, I have to warn you there are greater challenges and trials coming. They will not be so easily solved like Fumée was. Some of these will require fighting, sealing, some might even require you to kill things like demons etc. I have no clue what's coming but since you and your girls are growing in power, you all will start being targeted by the forces of darkness.

I smiled and pulled all my girls to me and said as long as I have them all by my side, I think I can handle anything that comes. They all hugged up to me and said we feel the same way. I asked him what he meant by growing in power. 

Cre (got a serious look on his face): Listen Scott, here's the thing. Emmy alone would be no problem. She would not attract any attention. But soon you are gonna be basically the only master ever with 2 Djinn's and now you also have a transformed Dark Djinn. The dark forces on the planet will see all that magic as a threat, but I believe in you all, just keep your heads on a swivel. 

I nodded and told him it has always been that way, not from the forces of darkness, but I have always watched out for other people. 

Cre (nodded): I have taken up enough of your time. Please go enjoy your lives and Fumée, be a good girl.

Fumée (nodded then smiled a really cute smile): I will try, but after last night, being a good girl is far from my mind. 

Emmy and all the girls busted out laughing. I myself couldn't keep myself from chuckling. Cre put his hand over his face and shook his head out of disbelief, then laughed, waved his hand, and sent us back to the bathroom. As we walked out of the bathroom, Ulia was crossing the hallway and told us that breakfast would be ready in a few minutes. We all headed to the dining room and sat down. The girls all started chatting and I looked over at Fumée. She was acting like a normal person, smiling and laughing. Ulia and Kendra both came back to the dining room wheeling carts of food and put them on the table; they started fixing everyone plates. Kendra bent over the table in front of Fumée and I watched as Fumée blushed while staring right at Kendra's pussy. 
