 The flight took a little over 12 hours. Myself and the girls all slept for 8 of those hours. We woke up just in time for breakfast to be served. After we ate we sat and talked about what we needed to do after we got home. 

Ashara: Master, you now own houses in a few different countries. I think we should go check them out and decide if you want to sell or keep them. 

Emmy: That is actually a good idea, Master. And once we see the houses we want to keep, we can mark them (looks around the first class cabin; sees no one listening). Once the houses are marked, like the one in Cairo, we can use my power to instantly travel to any of them. 

Scott (smiling at the girls): that is actually a good idea. But we need to settle a few things at the house and my school before we would be able to travel. Ashara, Erica, and Fumée I need you all to stay at the house and pack bags for all of us and to prepare for a little dinner party. I will be getting my parents to come to the house tonight so that we can go over everything that has been happening. Emmy you and Lisa need to come with me to take care of a few things. 

The flight attendant made the announcement that we would be landing soon. The girls made sure that their belts were buckled and they were prepared for landing. We safely touched down and taxied up to our gate. Once the captain turned off the seat belt light, the girls jumped out of their seats and started gathering our bags. 

Fumée: Master, since I do not have a bag, can I please carry yours? So I will be the same as the rest of the girls. 

I smiled, leaned down, and gave her a kiss, then handed her my bag. She happily tossed it over her shoulder and followed the other girls off the plane. Since we didn't have any checked luggage, we headed into and through the airport, straight to the parking lot. When the girls saw the hummer, they ran straight for it, bags in hand. I decided to just walk slowly. Along the way, I saw black fog coming out of a vehicle; it was so dark I could tell it was corrupt. 

Scott (motioning Emmy to come over): Emmy my x-ray vision could not see through the taint I need you to see if you can see anything. 

Emmy: Master, there are a few things in the trunk of that car. I cannot tell what exactly the source of the taint is. There is so much, everything is unclear. 

Scott: Emmy pop the trunk real quick. 

When I got my first look into the trunk the black fog seemed to permeate everything. I took the artifact tablet from my pocket and started sifting and scanning everything in the trunk. Under one of the bags I found a dagger. I scanned the dagger with the tablet and it said to immediately destroy it, that it contained no curse but it has been used to kill 665 people over the years and had runes carved into it attempting to make it the Lucian Dagger. 

Scott: Emmy you need to send the dagger into the sun immediately. 

Emmy: Of course, Master. (closed her eyes then the dagger started glowing, then disappeared) It's done, Master. Let's go home. 

We walked to the hummer and hopped in. Lisa immediately reached under the backseat and pulled out the baggy of joints and pulled four out of it. I laughed as she passed a joint to Emmy, Ashara, and Erica and kept one for herself. They each lit the joints and started passing them around as I started the drive home. 

Emmy (smiling): Master, I think we should stop at that shop and get Fumée one of the collars. Or should I just magically create her one? 

Scott (nodding): Emmy just go ahead and make Fumée one. 

Emmy magically made Fumée a collar to match all the other girls and handed it to her. 

Fumée (giggling): Oh, Master! This collar is beautiful, I will never take it off. Thank you, Master. Thank you, Emmy. 

Scott (smiling into the rearview mirror): You are very welcome. 

All the girls were stoned by the time we got to the house. Ashara, Erica and Fumée all jumped out of the hummer and said they were gonna go start packing the bags to get them ready and get an early start on dinner preparations. I looked at the time and noticed it was 2pm already. I told Emmy and Lisa we needed to go to the school first so I could put in an undetermined leave from school. We pulled out of the driveway and headed to my college. 

Scott: Emmy you need to hide your collars before we go into the school. We do not want any unneeded attention where I go to school, at least not yet. 

Emmy: Of course, Master. I will hide them until we leave the school building again. 

We pulled into the school a few minutes later and parked the hummer. We got out and hurried into the school to the office. 

Scott (talking to the Secretary): I need the papers to extend my leave until I am ready to come back to school. 

She smiled and handed me the paperwork. I filled it out and signed it and passed it back to her. As we left the office, one of my classmates that I had studied with, walked over with a smile on her face. I always admired her natural beauty. She never wore makeup and only brushed her hair. No curling or crimping or anything. Her name was Diana. She had dark blonde hair that reminded me of a lioness. She even moved smoothly and gracefully like a cat. She had very beautiful blue eyes that I could get lost in for hours on end. She stood around 5'6. I couldn't ever tell exactly how much she weighed because I never got to see her body because she kept herself covered with loose clothing. 

Diana (smiling): Hey, Scott. Where have you been hiding? I haven't seen you in a week or so. You know, thanks to our last study session, I got an A on the last exam. 

Scott: I am proud of you I have been out of town for a while and was going to be heading back out of town again tomorrow. By the way this is Emmy and Lisa. 

Diana (smiling): I'm glad to meet you both. So are you friends of Scott's? Which one of you is his girlfriend? 

Emmy: Actually we are both his girlfriends; along with four others. 

Diana (gasping): Wait. You have six girlfriends now Scott? How did that happen? I have known you for a year and you only ever talked to me. 

Scott (laughing): most of the girls got involved with me recently, but Emmy was the girl I grew up with that had disappeared a few years ago and just recently came back into my life. 

Emmy (sent a thought to me): Master, she is very upset. She likes you a lot and had been hoping during all those study sessions that you would ask her out. Diana is still thinking about you right now, Master. She wants to become one of your girlfriends, but is weirded out by you having six. 

Scott: Diana, once I get back into town, I will invite you over to the house for dinner and explain everything to you in more detail. 

Diana (smiling): That sounds good to me Scott. How long are you going to be gone? 

Scott: We are going to be traveling for a little while, so I am not sure how long we are going to be gone, but hopefully it wouldn't be more than a few months. 

Diana: Well, I will miss you, but I hope you and your girls will have safe travels. Well, I better get going; I need to get to my last class for the day. 

I gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek and told her to take care, that I would call her when we got back into town. Emmy and Lisa hooked their arms into mine as we walked out of the school. We got back to the hummer and headed to the luggage store down the road. We went in and picked out a couple of full luggage sets that should be enough for six people to live out of for a while. After we left the store we headed back to the house. On the way, I called my parents and asked them if they felt like coming over for dinner so I could explain what has been going on. 

They told me they would be over in a few hours, just to text them the new address. We hung up and I texted them the address to the house. On the way back to the house we stopped by my favorite pizza place. We ordered 12 pizzas to go; a variety for everyone to enjoy. In about an hour, we got the pizzas and headed home. When we pulled into the driveway, Ashara, Erica, and Fumée all came running out to help carry stuff. Of course they were naked and I was temporarily mesmerized. I snapped out of it just in time to see Emmy and Lisa strip. How did I get so lucky? Everyone grabbed something and headed inside. As I was walking toward the door, my parents arrived at the gate. They punched in the code I had given them and they drove in. As they pulled up to the house and got out of their car, my mother ran up and gave me a hug, followed by my dad shaking my hand. I escorted them inside, talking on the way in. In the entryway, my father started laughing. 

Dad: Damn, son! This statue is as amazing as the house. 

Scott (laughing): You should see the house in Egypt, if you want to see amazing. 

A moment later the girls all ran into the foyer, still naked, and stopped in front of my parents with huge smiles on their faces. My mother started laughing and gave each of the girls a hug and a kiss on the cheek until she got to Fumée, who had the widest smile of all. She placed both her hands on Fumée's shoulders and stared for a moment. 

Mom: Holy crap, Scott! Is this who I think it is? 

Scott (laughing): Mom, meet Fumée. Emmy's ex Dark Djinn. 

Mom: Scott! I can't believe you changed her. I am so happy. I was afraid she was going to kill either you or Emmy or both. Though, if she could be changed, you would be the one to find a way to do it. Fumée, are you really changed or just playing some sort of game with them? 

Fumée: Yes ma'am, he changed my mind and heart. I am his now, forever and always. I'm human now and so very happy. If I had only known, I would have changed instantly. 

Mom (embraced Fumée): Welcome to the family, Fumée. It is a pleasure to meet you. Scott, it is so incredible that you changed her into this beautiful, happy and respectful girl. 

I nodded my head and told her Fumée had always been beautiful and the respect had to be earned. I just had to tempt her enough that she wanted to learn more. I told everyone let's go eat before the pizza gets cold. 

Emmy (giggling): Master, I took it upon myself to keep the pizza magically heated to the perfect temperature. 

Mom & Dad: You took it upon yourself? Wait, you can use your powers without Scott making a wish? 

Scott: Mom, Dad please be patient; we will explain everything that has happened recently while we eat. 

We all sat down and started munching on pizza, drinking some beers, and I explained everything that had been happening. 

Dad (surprised): So you got Ashara to join your harem, along with a few other girls. Then you lost three of those girls to an ancient Egyptian curse, but one of which is going to come back as a second Djinn for you. Then shortly after that, Fumée, who was a Dark Djinn, fell for you and became another girl in your life, bringing the total to six. 

Emmy (smiling): That about covers it, Dad. We wanted to fill you in on things because we are about to do some traveling. 

Ashara: My mother signed over all our family holdings to the Master, so we are gonna go visit the houses all over the world. 

Mom: Well, I know you will all enjoy seeing those places. Scott, since your father is part Irish, I think you guys should go to Ireland first. It is a beautiful place to visit and lots of things to see. Plus, I've got a strange feeling that is where you should start. 

Scott (smiling): That sounds like a good idea. I have always wanted to see Ireland. 

After we finished eating, the girls took the bags and started repacking them in the luggage I had bought. My parents said goodnight and left after wishing us safe journeys and good luck. The girls were all getting excited about the trip to Ireland. I asked Ashara if the company had private planes. 

Ashara (smiling): Yes, Master. My mother took one of them for her travels, but we have two more in the company hanger, one here and one back in Egypt. 

Scott: Ashara call ahead and setup our flight to Ireland. We need to leave here before midnight tonight. 

While Ashara made our private flight plans, the other girls got the weed and started rolling a few joints and lit them. We decided to get really stoned before the flight to Ireland. After we smoked at least two joints a piece, I got up and put the binder with the deeds and keys inside my personal bag. 

Ashara (giggling): Master, I forgot to mention the private plane here is based in our private airport, so we can take weed with us on the plane. 

Scott (smiling): Girls, roll up a bunch of joints for the trip since we won't know anyone that sells in the other countries. 

Emmy (smiling): Master, I am just gonna cheat on this one (closed eyes and the whole bag of weed was rolled and packed in baggies.) Master, I even made it where the bags will not let any smell through them, just in case. 

I walked over and gave Emmy a kiss and told her good idea. I grabbed the baggies and packed them into the luggage. We sat back talking about things we wanted to do while in Ireland. We decided to spend at least a week in Ireland to explore and sightsee. A little while later Ashara got a call from the driver that he was outside. When we opened the gate, he pulled up to the front door and started loading our luggage into the trunk. We got into the limo and drove off. In less than a half hour we were at our personal airfield and boarded our plane while they loaded our luggage into the plane. All the girls started giggling as Ashara walked up to the cockpit and told the pilots that once we were in the air we did not want to be disturbed. The captain made the announcement that we would be departing in twenty minutes. 

Ashara: The pilots have their own bathroom and fridge in the cockpit so he will not need to come back here for anything. 

The minute the door was closed the captain spooled up the engines and said we were departing now, to enjoy the flight. All the girls stripped naked and then stripped my clothes off me. 

Emmy: So are we going to join the mile high club master? 

Scott (laughing): I would if we all weren't so tired, but right now we have to discuss some things and this long flight will give us time to do that. 

The girls all got a pouty look on their faces but sat down. 

Ashara: So what is it you want to discuss master? 

I told them, that according to Cre, things are gonna get very dangerous. So I want to know if any of them wants out before it does. 

Lisa: Master, I love you and I love all the girls too. I will never leave you no matter what. I am here to stay. 

Ashara: Same here, Master. Even though I know danger is around the corner, I can't think of any place I would rather be. 

Fumée: Before, I knew nothing of love. Now that I have it, I will never give it up. I have no other life than with you and Emmy, so you are stuck with me. 

Erica: While I do not care for the danger part of the relationship, I love this life. I would rather not go back to being the single nerdy girl that guys ignore. 

Emmy: Master, as always, you are stuck with me. I love you so much. I will never leave you again. I was gone for two years. Even if I was not bound to you, I would not leave, no matter what. 

The girls all got up and walked over to me, pulling me down onto the floor and cuddling up with me and kissing whatever part of me they could get to. Ashara stood up and walked over to the wall, she motioned for all of us to come over to her. 

Ashara (smiling): This plane is meant to be a home away from home (pressed a button on the wall; floor opened up a small amount and a king size bed rose out of the floor.) 

I laughed and watched as all the girls ran and jumped on the bed. I walked over and laid down on the bed with them. We all cuddled up on the bed and the next thing we knew, it was eight hours later and the captain was making an announcement. 

Captain (over intercom): We will be starting our descent into Dublin Airport in 45 minutes. Please prepare for landing. 

We got up off the bed and as we got dressed, Ashara pressed the button on the wall to put the bed back into the floor. After we were all dressed we sat down and buckled up for the landing. We touched down safely and taxied to a private hangar. As we were leaving the plane the pilots came out. 

Captain: How long are you all going to be here? 

Scott: We do not know the exact length of our stay, but if you wanted to stay, we would give you money to rent a hotel room, or they could take the plane back home until we were ready to leave. 

Captain: Well, I think we will stay here. This is a great place to sightsee. Just call whenever you are ready to leave. We will need about three hours' notice to get the plane pre-flighted and file a flight plan. 

Scott: Follow us so that I can withdraw some money for the stay and we will get you a hotel room at the same place we stay. 

Captain: No need, Sir. We are paid well by the company and we get reimbursed for the hotel charges plus a very nice per diem that covers all our food and some incidentals. 

Scott: Have a nice stay. We will call when we were ready to leave. 

We parted ways and I found out that Ashara had already scheduled a limo service for us. We got into the limo and the driver loaded our luggage into the trunk. Once he was in the limo, he rolled down the divider and asked us where to. I pulled out the book with the deeds and keys in it, and after locating the proper one, I told him the house was in Coolderry. 

Driver: Yes, sir. It won't take long to get to Coolderry from here, please enjoy the ride. 

We sat back enjoying the views on the way to Coolderry. As we entered Coolderry a while later my eyes were instantly drawn to a castle in the distance. I asked the driver about the castle. 

Driver: That, Sir, is Leap Castle. It is supposedly haunted by what people call an Elemental. I, for one, have never seen anything the few times I have been there. 

We arrived at the house that we owned and got out of the limo. The driver unloaded the luggage. 

Driver: This house has been vacant for years. There have been a lot of people interested in purchasing it for as long as it's been vacant, but they never could find the owner. I guess you were the one that owned it. Hope you enjoy your stay in Ireland. If you need a ride, give me a call at least an hour before you need it. 

We said thank you and pulled the luggage into the house. Once inside we walked around the house. 

Emmy: Master, it is kind of cold and drafty. We should light the fireplaces to warm up the house. 

I agreed. The girls went quickly around the house and found there were five fireplaces. Then we went out back to find a huge pile of firewood. We lugged in arm loads of wood and stacked up a bunch at and in each fireplace. After the fires were lit, we explored the house in more detail. It was fully furnished, but everything was covered with sheets. We pulled the sheets off the furniture and threw them into the corner of the living room. 

Ashara: This house is very old. It is not wired for electricity and no air conditioning or central heat. 

Emmy: I can give us temporary electricity if you want Master. That way we can keep our phones charged and have music in the house. 

Scott: Emmy that is not a bad idea, but I had a better one that wouldn't draw too much attention if we had visitors. Emmy just make it where our phones stay charged without plugging them in. 

Emmy (smiled): Right away, Master. (closed her eyes) It is done. As long as we are in the house, the phones will stay charged. 

Scott: Girls, let's all put on the same music channel on our phones and spread them around the house. 

The girls all switched their phones on and set their phones up around the house. We all sat back in front of the fireplace in the living room and we started discussing whether we wanted to keep the house or not. 
