 Zhartha checked the monitor once again. Each creature was floating at hip level and asleep. Strange creatures he thought, but then he had been studying humans for the last two hundred years.

"Incoming message from High Council," the announcement was made into his ear piece. He switched the image over on the monitor. 

High Councilor Xanthar's foreboding image crystallized. "Greetings Observer Zhartha. Your requested has been debated and discussed. This is indeed new ground never explored before."

Zhartha remained silent as he stared into the monitor.

Xanthar looked down briefly before resuming, "Do you truly believe you can succeed in producing a viable product? The evidence shows that males tend to get aggressive in captivity and have to be eliminated and only a few females become docile enough to adapt."

Everything Zhartha had strived for would hang on his response, but he had been preparing for this very question. "Although past studies have proved those conclusions, I believe that altering the female's anatomy will produce the desired outcome."

"And what of the male?" replied Councilor Xanthar pressing his point.

Xanthar could hear victory in the question. "I believe the High Council is correct. The male will only be kept, in an unconscious state, and used to produce the needed sperm. I already have the ova's from our females to use for experimentation. Afterwards, with the High Council permission, that specimen will be terminated."

A smile played across Xanthar's lips, "And what of the female?"

"I believe that after her anatomy is altered, I will be able to succeed using my own sperm for the experiment," replied Zhartha as he bowed his head to the monitor.

"Very well then, you have the High Council's permission to experiment with these two specimens. Let it be understood that no other specimens are allowed to be retrieved. We believe that the study of this planet has been exhausted," replied Councilor Xanthar before the screen went blank.

A smile creased Zhartha's lips. He would be allowed. He couldn't wait to get the specimens to his lab. Of course he had selected another planet. There would be too many pressures and too many spies on his home world.

Zhartha sighed. He left the control room and crossed over into the doorway marked Specimen: Female. He approached the woman suspended in the air. He looked down on her and then stroked her hair. He thought she was pretty for a human.

In his observations over the last two hundred years, he had come to admire the human race. He noted with great interest their struggles, fears and adaptability, but he also was quite aware of their brutality, destructive nature and superstitions. While waiting for the High Council's decision, he had already been probing her mind. Learning from her what he needed to know. Now it was time to start the rest.

Zhartha spread her legs wide. "Probe," he said and a metallic device appeared from above. "Analyze dimensions." The probe went between her legs and inserted into her vagina. The woman mumbled in her induced sleep. He switched on the brain monitor to observe her dream.

The woman was lying on top of a bed. She had her legs spread and was gently masturbating. Zhartha watched as her finger slid to the top of her clit. He reached down and mimicked her dream. She was wet at the probes entrance. He slid his finger down to obtain some moisture and returned it to her clit.

"Dimensions have been recorded," announced the probe. 

Zhartha was intrigued by the image on the monitor. "Increase in width by one half inch. Record all data."

The woman's breathing started to increase and her hips started to move forward pushing herself onto the probe. The image on the monitor showed that she was now kneading her breasts and pulling on her nipples.

Zhartha touched her breasts with his long fingers feeling how smooth and firm they were. He lightly traced them up to the top of her nipples. Her nipples turned hard in his fingers. He squeezed lightly and pulled on them as she did in her dream. Her breathing was even faster now.

"Increase width another one half inch. Push forward two inches and withdraw. Repeat the forward and withdraw command," said Zhartha.

"Complying," said the probe.

The woman started to moan and breathe harder. "Interesting," Zhartha commented. The monitor now showed a man copulating with the woman. He was kissing her deeply and probing her mouth with his tongue. Then he reached down and suckled her breast. Zhartha bent down and gently sucked on her breast. The woman started to moan louder.

"According to internal structure, subject is about to orgasm," announced the probe.

"Increase width one half inch and increase depth on probe to fit entire passageway," command Zhartha. "Forward and withdraw entire depth, but increase speed to one fourth."

"Complying," said the probe.

The woman started pushing forward onto the probe with intensity. She suddenly screamed and Zhartha was startled. "Stop all activity and withdraw," he commanded the probe. "Is female damaged?"

"No," replied the probe.

"Why did specimen scream?" Zhartha inquired.

"This specimen reached heightened sexual state known as orgasm and vocalized it," replied the probe. "All data recorded."

Zhartha looked at the woman. "Very interesting indeed," he whispered to himself. He was actually sexually excited. I wonder if our females were ever like this in eons past. They have no emotion; no stimuli at all. They merely lie there, or stand, until a man has copulated and then they leave.

This specimen already had him stimulated, but he had to wait; be patient. She needed to be altered before any contact with him.