 I decided to start writing the story more like a screenplay.

So now when someone is talking you will see.

Name:

And if its an action in the dialogue.

Name (action):

All the girls ran off to the pool while Emmy, Lisa, and I jumped in a shower and got cleaned up. Once we got dressed, we headed out and arrived at the cafe about an hour later. We were there about 30 minutes, just enjoying our snacks and coffee, when a man came up and introduced himself as Shakur. Once the introductions all around were complete, I asked him to join us. He sat down and started right into business.

Shakur: That vase is a very powerful object. It was created by an old sorcerer that got his powers from a Djinn; if you believe in that kind of stuff.

I smiled and winked at Emmy who let out a giggle before Shakur got a confused look on his face.

Shakur: This item has been at the center of a lot of problems according to my family's research. This vase was in the same place where the black plague first surfaced. My grandfather said that the plague ended shortly after the vase and all the artwork was removed from that town. After that, the vase vanished from public until about 100 years ago when it surfaced again in a private collection of a man who died shortly after acquiring it. It vanished again for about 60 years. Next, it surfaced at a museum whose owner did some research and only kept the vase in the museum for 2 weeks before selling it off again. It vanished again and showed up when you posted a picture of it on the forum.

I explained where the vase was now and he gave me a surprised look.

Shakur: So you're telling me that you're the master of a harem and one of those girls is part of that family. Incredible. I will not ask personal questions beyond that, so let's get back to the vase and how to get rid of it. That vase, whether it is really cursed or just bad luck, I do not want to be anywhere near it. I brought this information to you to keep you from trying to destroy the vase. If it's destroyed, the contents will be released on the entire world. It says in the research that only a person with knowledge in ancient vessels can seal it." Shakur laughed, "It is kind of funny. Here I am talking about magic and curses and you three are taking it all seriously.

I chuckled at the comment and said if he only knew what I have seen in the last month he would think I was insane.

Shakur smiled, kissed both Emmy and Lisa's hand, said his goodbyes and wished us luck as he left. After he was gone we continued to talk for a little while before we got up and left. Once back at the house the other girls came running out stripped the 3 of us down while they giggled like crazy and then ran back inside the house and handed off our clothes to the naked Ulia and Kendra. As I walked through the door, Ulia and Kendra bowed to me before walking off to the closet to put up our clothes

Ulia (came up to me): Master, do you have any requests for dinner tonight?

I smiled gave her a kiss and told her to fix anything she liked and I was sure that I would enjoy it. Ulia bowed to me and turned to walk to the kitchen. As she turned I slapped her on the ass; not quite hard enough to leave a print. She kept walking, but looked back over her shoulder and gave me a sexy smile. I was sure there was a little 'something extra' to her walk.

Emmy, Lisa, and I sat down and explained to everyone, including Salani, what we had found out.

Lisa: I haven't assimilated the knowledge yet, so I can't do anything. Hopefully it won't take as long as Cre said it would.

I smiled and told her it wasn't her fault. It just takes time. We can keep that vase in the safe until the time comes. It's been out for hundreds of years. I'm sure a few more days won't be a problem.

Salani: Ashara dear, please be certain to take your master to the fourth basement floor and show him that black tablet tonight. That thing scares me to death."

Ashara: Yes, Mother. After dinner, we will go down there and let him look around.

After about three hours of conversation between me, my girls, and Salani, Kendra came into the room and bowed to me and Salani.

Kendra: Master and Mistresses, dinner is ready. Ulia made her specialty for dinner tonight. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.

We followed Kendra out of the parlor to the dining room. As we entered, Ulia was putting a roasted turkey onto the table. Emmy saw her bending over and ran over and slid to her knees and buried her face in Ulia's pussy from behind.

Ulia (fell forward and moaned then looked back over her shoulder at Emmy): Mistress, dinner is served.

Emmy (stopped slurping long enough to look up at Ulia): Sorry, but your pussy is what I want to eat right now. I do hope you don't mind.

Emmy buried her face back in Ulia's gushing pussy causing Ulia to fall forward again and start moaning. Salani started laughing and got herself a plate of food. She sat and started eating while watching Ulia thrash around. Kendra started laughing and got plates for everyone else. Until Lisa had other thoughts and grabbed Kendra, sat her on the table in front of her and got between her legs. The rest of the girls were eating the food and enjoying the show. After only a few minutes, both Ulia and Kendra started convulsing and screamed out huge orgasms.

Emmy and Lisa licked their lips clean and sat back on their chairs. After Ulia and Kendra came back to reality, they went and sat in their chairs. Once everyone was seated, we all started talking and smiling and laughing like one big happy family. Ulia kept wiggling in her chair until Emmy smiled and asked her what was wrong.

Ulia (blushed): Your tongue felt great Mistress. But it felt really big. It's kind of freaky.

Emmy (giggled): I am really good with my tongue. I can make it feel like it's really huge.

Ulia (giggled): Mistress, you are very good. Let's go Kendra. Let's hurry and finish eating. I want to make desert tonight.

Kendra nodded her head and they started eating quickly. They soon caught up and everyone finished eating about the same time. Ulia and Kendra started clearing the dishes from the table and cleaning up. Angela, Erica, Mika, and Megan got up and helped them clean up. I told them all that Ashara, Emmy, Lisa, and I were going to take care of some work really quick. We got up and walked to the elevator. On the way down, I asked Emmy if there was a way I could wish for a tablet that has all the knowledge of ancient artifacts from history or myths.

Emmy (smiled): Master, I am not sure if that would work, but we could give it a try.

I nodded and wished for the tablet.

Emmy (smiled): Here goes nothing, Master. Her eyes started glowing and almost instantly stopped. She said, I'm sorry, Master. I do not think I can do it. We might have to ask Cre.

I hit the button to floor 5. When the doors opened, we headed straight for Cre's urn. I told Ashara and Lisa to wait for us while we go talk to Cre. They agreed and Emmy and I put our hands on the symbols and immediately appeared in front of Cre.

Cre (smiled): Welcome back. I know why you are here and I can help with that. Emmy has not been around that long, so she has no memories of the artifacts. That's why she can't make the item you need. I can however make the item for you but it will be in book form. Emmy does have the ability to change the book into the tablet you asked for.

Cre held his hands out and a blue orb appeared in his hands. The orb hovered over his hands for a minute before shaping itself into a very thick book. Cre looked at me and handed the book over to me, Here, this should help. It has all my knowledge of mystical artifacts good or bad. Be very careful with it. The contents can be used for both good and evil.

I took the book and looked at Emmy and said I wish this book was turned into a tablet that can be used for identifying artifacts by viewing them thru the camera.

Emmy (smiled): Your wish is my command, Master. Her eyes glowed then the book started glowing then shrinking and turned into a black and gold colored tablet. Emmy smiled it is done master I also extended its battery life to last a lot longer than normal tablets. I also added security to it. Only you and the people that are magically linked to you can use the tablet.

I gave her a kiss and said thanks, looked at Cre and told him thank you as well.

Cre simply bowed to us, then waved his hand at us, sending us back outside of the urn where Ashara and Lisa were both waiting. They asked how it went and I showed them the tablet. They said wow, so now you can identify artifacts using Cre's knowledge instead of guesswork on the internet. We headed back to the elevator and took it up to basement floor 4. I started using the tablet on all the artifacts in the room. None showed up as mystical, so I told Ashara to show me the black tablet Salani mentioned. Ashara walked to the back of the room and pressed a button on the wall opening the wall up at least 7 ft wide.

Ashara explained: my family had found the tablet on a dig here in Egypt years ago but they could not translate any of the symbols. One of her uncles died a week after touching the tablet. I aimed the artifact scanner at the tablet.

The tablet made an alarm sound and a message from Cre popped up on the screen. It said: Scott, the tablet you are looking at is very dangerous. It is cursed by an ancient creature. It must not be touched; by anyone. When Lisa gains her knowledge, she must immediately triple seal the tablet away.

I told Ashara to close the wall back up and that Cre said the tablet is truly dangerous and Lisa must triple seal it away as soon as possible. We stepped away from the wall and I said that we needed to go to floor 3. We got back on the elevator and headed up to floor 3. When the doors opened, we stepped out and I saw a bunch of black fog coming off artifacts all around the room. I took the tablet and started scanning them. I came across one that the tablet said dated back to the dark ages and was said to be the one that Morgan La Faye died on. Cre's info said that she cursed it as she died. I told the girls to mark this item for sealing later. Lisa grabbed a sticky note and wrote seal this on it then stuck it next to the artifact. Next item was a huge spear, it had so much black fog coming off it, Ashara and Lisa said they started feeling queasy just getting near it.

I scanned the spear with the tablet and it came up saying that it was a spear owned by Genghis Khan. The tablet said it wasn't cursed; it just had a lot of death infused in it. I told the girls to mark the spear for destruction Emmy marked it as I walked to the next item. The next item was a tablet written in cuneiform. When I scanned it with the tablet, it immediately sounded off an alarm. I read the info that appeared on the screen it said the tablet was cursed from sorcery. It was not intentionally cursed, but it brought on destruction of a certain island. Suggestion was to put a powerful seal on it. I told Lisa that this tablet was to be one of the first seals she was to put out. She nodded her head and put seal immediately tag on the table next to the tablet.

We walked around for a few more hours marking seal on about 15 more artifacts and destroy on about 34 other items. After we marked the last one, we started walking back to the elevator when the tablet made a different sound then normal. I raised the tablet and viewed the screen it was an alert from one of the items by the elevator there was a pendant in a case. The tablet said it was a Djinn vessel for an unclaimed person.

A special message popped up on the screen: Scott and Emmy, please find this vessel a master.

I took the pendant out of the case and put it around my neck until I could find a master for it. We got on the elevator and headed back up to the main floor.

Once the door opened up, we were greeted by Ulia and Kendra, who said that dinner would be ready in about 30 minutes. We headed to the dining room and sat down to discuss some of the artifacts we had seen. A few moments later, the other girls came into the room laughing and had Salani in tow. After they sat down, Megan told Ashara, Lisa, Emmy, and myself that they like the training to be able to run the company wasn't going to be that hard.

Salani (laughed): These girls are all quick learners. I say within a month or so they could each run the company without any problems.

I smiled and told her that I figured the girls could handle it and that my group had already gone through the third and fourth basement floor and marked artifacts for sealing and destruction.

Salani (smiled): Off to a good start then. You all are going to work on the third floor more tomorrow?

I shook my head no that we were gonna take a break tomorrow and I was gonna take all my girls out on the town. The girls all got a huge smile on their faces.

Salani (smiled): I have a suggestion for the morning. Take a tour of the pyramids. Even though I have been there countless times, it is always great seeing our past.

I said that was a great idea and after that we will come back here, shower, and go check out a nightclub. After everyone finished eating, they helped Ulia and Kendra clear the dishes from the table. After a few moments Kendra, Lisa, and Ashara ran off to the master bathroom. Emmy and I stayed in the parlor and talked for a few moments before Ulia and the others came out of the kitchen and took me and Emmy to the bathroom. Once in the bathroom, all the girls got in the tub. I got in as well. Ulia and Kendra stayed by the side of the tub until I reached up and pulled them in.

They both surfaced giggling, Ulia looked at me and said: That is unfair, Master. Thank goodness we were already naked.

Kendra (smiled): OK I take that as you wanting us to bathe with you.

Megan pulled Ulia into her arms and they started making out with each other as Lisa grabbed Kendra doing the same. We took turns cleaning each other off. I washed all the girls' hair. When I was done with my girls, Ulia and Kendra got up and were about to get out of the tub when I grabbed both of them and asked them where they thought they were going.

Kendra (got a confused look on her face): We were going to get the towels to get everyone dried off.

I pulled Kendra into my lap and said not until you let me wash both yours and Ulia's hair.

They both smiled and Kendra asked: Why would you worry about our hair?

Emmy (smiled): The Master loves washing our hair and since you both took a bath with us, he wants to wash your hair too.

Kendra smiled and wiggled her butt in my lap while I started washing her hair. She sat there wiggling and moaning as my hands went through her hair. Her wiggling and moaning were definitely having an effect on my cock as I could feel it becoming engorged. When Emmy and Megan noticed I was finished with her hair, they took her to the other end of the tub to rinse in the waterfall. Ulia smiled and stepped in front of me and turned her back to me and sat down. When my cock found its way into her warm, slick center, she let out a loud moan and fell back against me, driving my cock even deeper.

Emmy (giggled): Oh my, Ulia is going to get fucked and shampooed at the same time. I wish I had thought of that.

Ulia started rocking her hips as I started running my shampoo filled hands through her hair. Ulia started moaning even louder. Just as I finished with the shampooing, Ulia let out an ear piercing scream and lost conscious control of her hips as they twitched and jerked. I picked her up and carried her over to the waterfall to rinse her hair as her orgasm wracked her body. When I was done rinsing, I slipped out of her soaked pussy and turned her around picking her up and sliding back into her. Now she was facing me and wrapped her legs around my thighs and locked her fingers behind my neck. I kept fucking her through at least four more orgasms before she went limp in a pleasure coma. Lisa helped pull her off of me and she took her out of the bath to dry her off. Kendra started giggling as I walked towards her she turned to start playful running and ran right into Ashara who grabbed her and held onto her till I got behind her and slid my cock inside her. She let out a gasp as I bottomed out inside of her and started stroking my cock in and out. Ashara started playing with her tits and kissing her while I fucked her from behind. After only a few minutes of being double teamed like that, she uttered the tiniest of squeaks, convulsed really hard, went limp and fell into Ashara's arms as my cock slid out of her with an audible pop. Ashara pulled her to the side of the tub and I walked up behind Ashara and slid inside her.

Ashara let out a loud hissing yes as I started fucking her from behind. Through the connection, all the other girls felt me slide into Ashara and bit their lips to keep from letting out a mutual moan since Ulia and Kendra were still in the room. Ashara fell forward and started gurgling and shuddered through a massive orgasm. I pulled out of her and turned around only to be jumped on by Erica. She reached down and slid my cock inside of her.

Erica (whispered in my ear): Please, Master, please. I need it hard and fast.

I started slamming into her, causing her to let out a whimper every stroke or so. After a few minutes, I felt Erica tense up with an extremely intense orgasm and felt her bite into my neck to keep from screaming. All the other girls started screaming through their hands and fists as they shared Erica's orgasm. Ulia and Kendra stared in wonder at all the girls wracked with a simultaneous orgasm and got a really confused look on their faces. I released Erica and helped her sit on the side of the tub and walked over to Angela and slammed into her while she was sitting on the side of the tub.

I sent a thought to Emmy and wished that whichever girl that I am having sex with that their sensitivity would be enhanced.

Emmy (thought back at me): Your wish is my command, Master.

The next thing I knew, Angela rocketed off into a massive orgasm. All the girls shared in this orgasm too. I left her trembling and gripping the side of the tub as I pulled out of her and walked over to Mika. She was sitting back under the waterfall massaging her pussy. I got between her legs and slid smoothly all the way inside of her. The instant the head of my cock kissed her cervix, she went into mind bending orgasm with convulsions dragging every girl except Ulia and Kendra into a mutual orgasm. Kendra and Ulia once again got confused when they saw all the girls screaming out a shared simultaneous orgasm. They started whispering to each other and giggling. I slid out of Mika and carried her over to the edge of the tub laid her down.

I walked up behind Megan spun her around and lifted her into my arms. She reached down and pointed my cock into her juicy slit. I started ramming into her hard and deep. After only a few strokes, she screamed out a, "OH GOOOOOOD! THAT FEELS INCREDIBLE!" All the other girls trembled and moaned through another connected orgasm. Still embedded deeply inside, I carried her over to the edge of the tub and set her ass on the edge and pulled out of her. I looked around and saw Lisa bending over wiggling her ass in invitation while licking Emmy's pussy. I walked up behind her and put my finger to my lips in a shushing motion to Emmy who smiled and nodded her head. Emmy leaned forward and grabbed Lisa's ass cheeks and spread her open. I sent a mental wish that Lisa's ass was well lubricated to Emmy.

Emmy (giggled): Your wish is my command, Master. (thought to me) Go for it, Master.

I leaned forward, lined up my cock with Lisa's puckered hole, and slammed into her ass, which caused her to bury her face in Emmy's pussy and scream into it as she came all over my cock. Her orgasm pushed Emmy and all the other girls into another mutual shared orgasm. I started slamming her ass as she orgasmed continually. After a minute or so of continuous anal orgasms, which kept the other girls jerking and twitching and loudly moaning, I pulled out of her ass and she fell forward landing on Emmy's stomach. Kendra came over and pulled Lisa off of Emmy and onto the edge of the tub while Ulia cleaned off my cock by licking it thoroughly clean. After she was done, I spread Emmy's legs and slid inside of her in a single stroke. I started slamming into Emmy as fast as I could, pushing her over the edge countless times until she fell backwards gripping her small tits and started screaming out a massive orgasm at the same moment I unloaded inside her pushing her over the edge again. All the girls joined her in the simultaneous orgasms, screaming at the top of their lungs. After I finished cumming, I pulled out of Emmy and watched as Kendra and Ulia dove between Emmy's legs extracting my cum from her pussy and holding it in their mouths they walked around to all the girls and shared it with each of them.
