 I got up off the couch and walked outside to see Alesian looking at the lake lost in thought. I walked up behind her and sat down behind her wrapping my arms around her. 

Alesian (pressing back against me): Thank you for everything you have done up until now, but I must ask you for something more. 

Scott (pulling back and waiting for Alesian to face me): What is it you want to ask of me? 

Alesian (scales turning into an iridescent shade): After hearing what my mother said, I have been thinking. She said you were the one to help me become what I was destined to become. I loved and respected my mother, so if she said that, I believe it. 

Scott (smiling): Alesian, as I said before, I will do anything I can to help you. All you have to do is ask. 

Alesian (scales turning purple and iridescent): You and your girls offered to let me join you. I want to accept that offer since I can't become what I am supposed to without you. (bowing her head) Please take me into your harem. 

Scott (gently tilting her head up to look her in the eyes): Never bow to me Alesian. If you want to join my girls and I, I am more than happy to allow that, but you are not a servant. You will be one of my loves. (Leaning forward planting a kiss on Alesian's lips) 

Alesian (pressing herself into my arms kissing back with passion then pulled away to look at me): So does this mean I am free to call you by name or master? 

Scott (chuckling): As I said before, you can call me anything you want. My girls only call me master because they want to. 

Alesian (scales turning dark purple): Then I will call you master as well. It only seems right. (throwing her arms around my neck kissing again) 

Emmy, Fumée, and Lisa came outside and saw Alesian smothering me with kisses. 

Emmy (giggling): So I take it this means Alesian is now part of our family? 

Alesian (smiling and scales turning iridescent): Yes, if you will still allow it. 

Emmy (smiling): Alesian, I can speak for everyone when I say welcome to the family. (reaches her hand out to grab Alesian's, pulling her up off me into her arms. They start kissing until Emmy pulls back) Umm, let me see your tongue Alesian, it felt really weird for a moment. 

Alesian stuck out her tongue and showed all of us. Her tongue was slimmer than the other girls and forked at the tip. 

Emmy (giggling): So Alesian, I know the master will be your first man, but I gotta know have you ever been with other girls? 

Alesian (scales turning bright pink and a really sexy smile appeared): Yes, actually I have been with other girls before. The servant girls and I used to pleasure each other in the servant quarters at night. 

Emmy grabbed her hand and pulled her into the house. The other girls followed behind them closely, as did I. As we entered the bedroom, Emmy pushed Alesian down on the bed and got into a 69 with her. They started eating each other out in a frenzy, but Emmy did not last long before she erupted into a massive orgasm, spraying her juices all over Alesian's face. Emmy pulled herself off of Alesian. It was only then that I noticed Alesian's tongue was about a foot long and twisted like a corkscrew. 

Emmy (collapsing on the bed with a shit eating grin): Damn, Alesian, you're amazing with that tongue. It felt like your tongue was twisting and vibrating at the same time. 

Alesian giggled and grabbed Fumée, pulling her on top of her face. They buried their tongues inside of each other, much like Emmy and Alesian had done and within minutes Fumée too erupted on Alesian's tongue. I was sitting back laughing as I noticed Alesian had made both Emmy and Fumée both cum before they made her cum. Alesian grabbed Lisa and pushed her back onto the bed burying her tongue deep inside of her. After another 5 minutes, Lisa grabbed her tits and screamed out a massive orgasm. Emmy and Fumée got up off the bed and ran to the kitchen. A few minutes later Erica and Ashara came running back into the room, jumping onto the bed. Ashara and Erica both attacked Alesian as Alesian buried her face in between Ashara's legs tonguing her pussy so intensely that Ashara went limp and fell back on the bed. 

Alesian (scales turning a little darker pink and giggled before pushing Erica back on the bed and diving between her legs.): Your turn now. Lay back and enjoy it. 

It was at this time I noticed Alesian's ass was now facing directly towards me and I got to see her beautiful pink slit dripping conspicuous juices down her thighs. I watched the juices flowing through the scales on her legs before noticing the smell of her arousal hitting my nose. I crawled up behind her and made my tongue look like hers as I shoved it inside her pussy. She tasted like a mixture of pomegranate and ambrosia; the taste was incredible. Alesian let out a loud gasp. As she felt my tongue enter her from behind, she went back to work on Erica. Erica erupted into a convulsive orgasm after 5 minutes of Alesian's tongue work. At the same time Alesian fell forward and let out a loud scream as she came and went limp. 

I rolled Alesian over onto her back, looking into her eyes as her scales turned dark pink. 

Alesian (looking up at me): Master, that felt incredible. It usually takes me awhile to orgasm. How did you make me orgasm so fast? 

I stuck my changed tongue out and showed her I had made it a foot long and started twisting and curling it. 

Alesian (laughing): You mimicked my tongue. That is incredible. And you can use it just like I can. 

I got up between her legs and let my cock fall on top of her pussy. Alesian looked down and saw my cock. She looked up at me and stared into my eyes. 

Alesian (scales dark purple but also had an iridescent look to them): Master, I am ok with you being my first, but I am scared. 

Scott (smiling and leaned down to kiss her): You do not need to be scared at all, Alesian. I will never hurt you on purpose, so please just trust me. 

Alesian (smiling and wrapping her arms around my neck): I do trust you. I am all yours now. 

I positioned my cock at the entrance of her pussy and felt the heat coming out of her onto the tip of my cock. I applied a little pressure and as my cock head popped inside of her, she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me into her all at once. Alesian gasped from the sudden intrusion and tensed up in anticipation of the pain. When the pain didn't materialize at the level she was expecting, she started to relax for a moment. Then something weird happened as I was buried inside of her, she started glowing from head to toe along with me. Alesian suddenly screamed out in a mix of pain and pleasure, reaching up and wrapping her arms around my neck. The glow around me seemed to travel all toward my cock and then traveled up into Alesian combining with the glow on her then all the glow traveled into her back to both her shoulder blades. 

Alesian started rocking her hips faster and faster, screaming out in a language I'd never heard before. I fell back on the bed still buried inside her dripping pussy and with her riding me at full speed. Suddenly she was racked by a massive orgasm, but continued to ride me. The girls were all staring at Alesian's back with a wide mouth stare. Alesian and I kept up the pace as I sat up partially to suck and lick her nipples. Alesian again erupted into another massive orgasm and collapsed on my chest. She continued wiggling her pussy on my cock and locked lips with me, kissing me passionately. After another 5 minutes she orgasmed again, but this time dragging me along with her, I erupted a huge load inside her pussy. Her body suddenly became very tense. Then I saw wings pop out of her back. These were not the wings you would expect to see on a dragon, they were feathered wings, but it was not just one set of wings, there were 3 sets of wings. A large pair on top, mid-size in the center, and a small set at the bottom. 

The wings looked like those you would see in books about angels; Seraph wings. And they had the same coloring as her hair. The wings were purple along the top and pink/purple feathers with a 6ft wingspan. Alesian passed out onto my chest and the wings folded inward and kind of collapsed into each other to fold neatly on her back. The other girls were all sitting back on the bed looking at Alesian's back, amazed by the sudden appearance of wings. My cock slowly softened enough to slide out of Alesian. Erica had been watching and waiting for that to happen and immediately buried her tongue inside of Alesian, scooping my cum out of her. Erica ran around the room and shared it with the other girls and ran off to the kitchen to share with Emmy and Fumée, who came into the room a moment later. Emmy and Fumée walked over and touched Alesian's wings running their hands over the length. 

Emmy (smiling): Her wings are beautiful and really soft. But I am confused. She is a dragon, but these look like angel wings. 

Scott: I know. I am confused as well, but I have no clue where to get the answers to that question. 

Alesian (coming around looking at me with a smile): Wow, Master. That was incredible (reaching up to brush her hair out of her eyes hands making contact with her wings) What is this? I have wings? What is going on? 

Scott: That is something I cannot answer. Your wings appeared when I came inside of you and you orgasmed. We will figure it out sooner or later, but I have to say your wings are beautiful. 

Alesian (scales turning purple and smiling): Thank you, Master. I am really curious why that would cause me to grow wings right at that moment though. 

Erica (came into the room): Master and Sisters, the food is ready. Let's go eat. 

We all went to the dining room, sat down, and started eating, laughing and talking about Alesian's new wings. We finished eating pretty fast and we all started cleaning up. After 10 minutes had passed, the table was cleaned off and dishes were done. All of us went to the living room and sat down on the couch and started talking. 

Scott (smiling): Well, Alesian, you are only partially one of my girls. Let's make it official (looking at Emmy) I wish Alesian was linked in mind and life to us. 

Emmy (smiling): Your wish is my command, Master. (eyes glowing followed by Alesian glowing) It is done partially, Master. I could not extend her lifespan. It seems when she was bound to you that her life was automatically linked to yours. 

Scott (smiling): That is fine Emmy, and now Alesian, I don't make the girls wear them, but they all seem to like the collars. So if you would like one as well, Emmy can make one. 

Alesian (scales turning dark purple): Yes, I love how the collars look on your girls, so I would like one too. 

Emmy (smiling): Ok Alesian, hold still. (eyes glowing followed by a collar appearing around Alesian's neck): There you go. Now you are really one of us. 

Alesian (reaching up and feeling the collar then walking in front of the mirror): It looks beautiful. Thank you, everyone, for accepting me. I feel more at ease with you all then I ever did with the king and his court. 

The girls all walked over to Alesian and hugged her before pulling away. We walked over to the couch and sat down. I grabbed the remote and started flipping through the channels to find a movie to watch. I settled on a comedy movie since I wanted to hear Alesian laugh. We sat back, Emmy on my right side, Alesian on my left, and the other girls cuddling up to either Emmy or Alesian. We watched the movie together, but I kept watching Alesian more until I heard her laugh at the movie. It was then I knew she actually was enjoying herself. After the movie was over, we went to the kitchen and warmed up some food for a snack and then headed to take a bath. 

We enjoyed a long relaxing bath together. After I shampooed all the girls' hair, we got out and dried each other off and headed to bed. When we laid down it wasn't long till we all dozed off and found ourselves in Megan's meadow. Alesian even appeared this time. 

Alesian (scales shimmering): Where are we, Master? 

Scott (smiling): Don't be frightened, Alesian. This is the Djinn meadow inside my ring. Megan brings us here sometimes since she can't exit the ring yet. 

Megan (running toward all of us stopped in front of Alesian): Wow, you really are as beautiful as everyone said you were. So I take it that since you are here, that you are now part of our family? 

Alesian (scales turning purple): Yes, I decided to join you all in this life when I found out the master was the one to help me become what I was supposed to be. (reaching up to touch her wings) Master had sex with me and these wings appeared. We don't know what it means, but it is probably important. 

Megan (smiling): The Master probably already told you that he would help you. But once I am out, I will also try to help you discover what it is and means. That is a promise. 

Alesian (smiling with tears in her eyes): Thank you, thank all of you. I don't think I could do any of this without all of you. 

We all sat down in the meadow and talked for a few hours before everyone started fading out of the meadow due to waking up. 

Scott (smiling): Well, Megan, we will see you again soon. I guess it is time to wake up. 

Megan (smiling and nodding): Yes, Master. It is morning now. Take care of yourselves. I will be free again soon. 

As I faded out Megan blew me a kiss right before I woke up in the bed. All the girls were gone off the bed when I woke up, so I got up and headed to the kitchen to find all the girls sitting at the table except for Alesian. 

Emmy (smiling): Master, come sit down. Alesian said, to repay our kindness, she wanted to cook all of us breakfast by herself. (giggling) To make sure we did not interfere, she put up some kind of barrier between the dining room and kitchen so we can't even enter. 

Scott (laughing): Well, if she wants it that way, it is fine. (looked toward the kitchen) Hey, Alesian, you can drop the barrier. I promise the girls will all stay out here with me. 

Alesian (turning around with a smile): Ok, (dropped barrier and came running over to me) good morning, Master. (planting a kiss on my lips). 

Scott (smiling): Good morning, Alesian. And like I said, I will keep the girls out of there. Go ahead and do what you wanted to do. 

Alesian ran back to the kitchen and continued cooking. The girls and I all sat at the table talking. Every once in a while I looked toward the kitchen at Alesian. Her wings had gotten a little more pronounced and parts of them had scales on them like her body. I pointed out the changes to Emmy and the girls all looked toward Alesian. 

Emmy: Wow, I did not notice that, Master. Her wings are changing a little. The feathers are staying the same though. 

Lisa (smiling): Yes, but she is still beautiful. What do the wings mean? They did not appear until master took her virginity and came inside of her? 

Erica: Master, something weird is going on! 

Scott (looking at Erica): What the hell? Why is your body glowing? (looked around the room seeing all kinds of technology glowing) Emmy what is happening here? 

Emmy: Not sure Master. I didn't do anything. 

Alesian (running toward the dining room): The magic you wished for her is emerging master. 

Erica suddenly stood up and looked around at all the technology floating around her and got a smile on her face. 

Erica (smiling): Oh, Master, it is my magic just like Alesian said. There is nothing to be afraid of. My magic has formed and I know what kind it is. (holding her hand out and a few small pieces of technology floated to her hand and started reforming right in her hand) Master, my magic has to do with technology. That is so perfect for me. I cannot wait to find out everything I can do. 

Scott (laughing): Yea, I guess you're right. Maybe since you knew so much about computers and electronics, the magic selected that as the best fit for you. 

Alesian laughed and went back to the kitchen to finish cooking. After about 10 minutes, she called the girls into the kitchen to help her. They brought out a huge amount of food and set it on the table. 

Alesian (smiling): I hope you all enjoy the meal I made. You had a lot more seasonings then I had back in the past. I hope it all tastes good. 

We all started eating. About 20 minutes into the meal, Emmy suddenly stopped eating and looked at Alesian. 

Emmy (smiling): You are a great cook, Alesian, this food is incredible. 

All the girls agreed with Emmy and Alesian looked at me (scales going iridescent). 

Scott (smiling): They are right, Alesian. This food tastes really good. For someone that did not know much about modern day seasonings, this is incredible. 

Alesian (scales changed to dark purple and tears in her eyes): Thank you, everyone. I am glad you all like it. I want to learn more about the modern world as fast as possible so I can be a bigger help to all of you. 

Scott (smiling): How about after we finish eating and clean up, we start teaching you little by little. We do not need to rush into everything all at once. 

Alesian (smiling): Of course, Master. That sounds good. I am ready to learn. 

Emmy: Master, I would like to try something. We could try to magically insert modern day and historical knowledge into Alesian. 

Scott (smiling): That is actually not a bad idea. But make the knowledge go slowly. We do not want to overload Alesian's mind with too much at once. 

Emmy (giggling): Of course, Master. (eyes started glowing then Alesian glowing) It is done. The knowledge will slowly form in Alesian's memory and seem like it has always been there. 

Alesian (smiling): Thank you. Now I want to learn about computers, since you bought me one. 

Erica (grabbing Alesian's hand and pulling her into the living room): That is my job, Alesian. I will teach you everything you need to know. 

Ashara: Master, while Erica is teaching Alesian about computers, I am gonna go outside and grow the rest of those trees you wanted. Lisa, please come outside with me; I might need your help. 

Ashara and Lisa ran outside together while Emmy, Fumée, and I stayed inside and started looking through the house deeds discussing where we should go next. 

Emmy (smiling): Master, remember our discussion when we were younger? We said we wanted to go to England. This deed is to a house in Wiltshire England. 

Scott (smiling): Yea, Emmy, I remember our talks back then and it would be a great trip. There are lots of things to see in England, so we will ask the other girls later if that sounds good to them. 

We sat on the couch and started watching TV. After about 30 minutes, Ashara and Lisa came in and plopped down on the couch cuddling up to Emmy and Fumée. We sat back watching a movie and, at the same time, I kept looking over at Erica and Alesian, who were laughing while Erica taught her how to use the computer. They continued with the computer lessons through the 3 movies. 

Emmy (smiling and got up off the couch): C'mon girls let's let Alesian and Erica continue. We will go start dinner. 

Emmy, Fumée, Ashara and Lisa all took off to the kitchen and I continued to sit on the couch flipping through countless channels. After about an hour had passed, Alesian and Erica said they were finished for now and sat on the couch with me. 

Alesian (giggling): Master, Erica is a good teacher. So, the rest of the girls are in the kitchen cooking? 

Scott (kissing both Erica and Alesian): Yes, they are all cooking. We can just sit here until the food is ready. 

Erica: Master, I heard that you, Emmy, and Fumée were talking about where we are going next. I have always wanted to go to England. 

Alesian: I am happy going anywhere as long as you all are there. 

Another hour passed by and Emmy came to the living room and stopped in front of the couch. 
