 We all sat back quietly watching in fascination as magical vines appeared to grow from the table and wrapped around the crystal. After a few minutes, the vines blossomed with flowers, which promptly disappeared, and then after another moment the vines caught on fire and vanished.

Stephanie (sitting back in the chair, weakened): It is done. The seal is broken. The ones that put the seal on this crystal were very strong. It will take 1-3 days for the crystal to break open. Until that day, watch over the crystal. Alesian, inside the crystal until it breaks, is in a state of flux. If someone else was to gain control over the crystal they could steal her life and power. 

Ashara: That magic is beautiful. I wish I could learn druidic magic.

Stephanie: Well, my dear, you are in luck. The magic I have is a special magic because it is not something that can be taught or learned, it has to be passed on. None of my kids cared to receive it. They said magic was a dying skill; that technology is the future. If you truly wish to know the magic and your master allows it, I will transfer my power to you.

Ashara (smiling): Please, Master. Can I? It might come in handy down the line.

Scott (smiling at Ashara): It will come in handy, but you do know, the more magic we gain, the more we will be targeted.

Ashara: I know, Master. But, at least, if I know druidic magic, I can help out some as well during tough fights or whatever.

Stephanie (smiling): Druidic magic is not a combat magic. It's used primarily for protection or healing.

Ashara: That is fine by me. I am not much of a fighter anyway, so that works out.

Stephanie: Ok. Come with me to the other room. It will take a few hours to transfer the power from me to you.

Ashara and Stephanie went to another room and the rest of us stayed in the living room. 

Alesian: I am already starting to feel stronger. The seal is weakening. In a matter of days, I will be able to walk around again. It is all thanks to you. I will never be able to thank you. By the way, what should I call you? 

Scott: Well, Alesian, that is up to you. All my girls call me Master, but my real name is Scott.

Alesian: They call you Master freely? Why?

I explained everything to her and she went quiet for a little bit.

Alesian: So, I am bound to you as well. Like your girls. Does that mean I am one of your girls as well?

Scott (let out a chuckle): We will see what happens when you are free. Like all my girls, I do not force them into being part of my harem. If you choose to leave, I can try to wish you to be a human to set you free from the bond. 

Alesian: That sounds good. Once I am free, we will see then. But, for now, I am happy to have someone to talk to. It's been a long time since I have had a conversation with anyone.

Scott (laugh): Once you are out of the crystal you will have lots of people to talk to and have fun with.

Alesian: I am sorry. I have heard the word 'fun' before, but from the time I was born until I was sealed, I was only ever a servant. 

Emmy (giggled): Alesian, we will teach you what fun is when you are free of that crystal. 

Scott: Alesian, Emmy is right. We will introduce you to a life that you couldn't possible conceive. You would have never had a chance to see or live like this. That is a promise. Erica, call the limo driver. I want you, Lisa, and Fumée to go to the store and buy enough groceries to last at least a week here. 

Erica (smiling): Right away, Master. (Pull out cell phone and called the driver) He will be here in 25 minutes. He said he was right down the road.

We walked outside and waited for the driver to arrive. As he pulled up, we walked out to the limo and unloaded our luggage. Erica, Lisa, and Fumée jumped into the limo and I told the driver to take them to the grocery store.

Driver: No problem, Sir. There is a grocery store about 20 miles down the road.

They drove off and Emmy and I went back into the house. We sat back cuddling on the couch in front of the fireplace.

Emmy: Master, once Stephanie and Erica are done, I think we should go to the store and buy more stuff so this house will be already set up and ready for us when we come back again. After Stephanie leaves and we get back from the store, we can remodel the house.

Scott (laughing): I had already planned on doing all that and I also wanted to set up some other stuff around the land. Also, after Alesian is free, I want to go a few places here in Ireland. That is going to be something else to look forward to.

Alesian: Once I am free, I can show you some places that you all will love to see and, just so you know, I have a special ability. Dragons are linked to what people call the astral world. I have a special ability that allows me to show things the way they used to be. All life is recorded into the fabric of space and time. With my ability I can show you ancient times without interfering with the present. 

Scott: That sounds incredible. I cannot wait for the chance to see that personally. It sounds like it could come in handy.

Alesian: I have other abilities too, but since I will be bound to you, I cannot use those abilities unless you give me permission first. One, of which, I will not be able to use at all because it would kill you if I did.

My cell phone rang and it was Erica calling to tell us they would be pulling up to the house in a few minutes. Emmy and I headed outside to meet the girls. Once they pulled in, the driver helped us unload all the groceries.

Driver: Sir, is there anything else you need from me today?

Scott: Yes, Emmy and I need a ride to a rental place so we can pick up a big sized truck and a trailer.

Driver: Of course, Sir. It sounds like you all are going to stay a while.

Scott: Yes, we were going to stay at least a week, maybe more.

Driver: Well, Sir, please get in and I will take you to the rental place. There is one in Dublin that rents both SUV's and trailers.

Scott: Listen, girls. Put everything up while we are gone and we will be back as soon as we get the rental done. 

They took off inside with bags in hand to start working. Emmy and I got into the limo and drove to the rental place. We arrived within 45 minutes and started looking at all the vehicles they had for rent. We picked out a huge SUV and rented a big enclosed trailer to hitch to the back. We drove back to the house and just as we entered, Ashara and Stephanie were walking out of the bedroom.

Stephanie: It is done. My power has been transferred to this wonderful young lady. Also, I think the power has taking a liking to her already. I forgot to mention this, but druidic power is actually living magic. It has its own life force. That is why, when it is used, it creates plants and flowers during the spell. That power really seems to like Ashara. The minute I started transferring the power to her, it almost leapt out of me into her.

Scott: Why would it do that?

Stephanie simply shook her head like she was confused.

Ashara: I can tell you why it would leap out of Stephanie like that master. The power is speaking to me now telling me why. The power says that because my body was already attuned to magic. Thanks to the magical modifications, life, and mind links.

Stephanie: Wait. The power is talking to you? It never talked to me before. I held the power for 52 years. My mother gave me the power when I was 12 and it never once spoke to me.

Ashara: I am sorry Stephanie. The power says to tell you it tried to talk to you countless times. Like when you almost got hit by that car when you were 22. The power was the force that made you move just in time. But it says that it appreciates you for everything you did while you possessed it.

Stephanie (smiling): Incredible. So, the power saved me by hinting I was about to be hit. Well, I hope the power helps you as much as it did me. I also hope you all have a nice stay while you are here. Make sure to sightsee before you all leave. 

The girls all got up and hugged Stephanie and thanked her for the house and Erica thanked her for the power. Stephanie handed me the title to the house and told us all to take care of ourselves and left the house a few minutes later. 

Scott: Girls, go get changed and come back as soon as possible so we can head to the store. 

They all ran off, grabbing the luggage on the way, to the bedroom to put up everything and get changed. While they were changing, I walked around inside the house with a piece of paper and a pen, making a list of everything we needed.

The girls all came running back into the living room about 25 minutes later and grabbed my hand pulling me out the door. We jumped into the SUV and drove off to Dublin. The first place we went was a home store to buy a new bed for the master bedroom and all the appliances we needed. We picked out everything we wanted and needed. After everything was loaded into the trailer, we hopped into the SUV and headed off to a sports store. We grabbed fishing poles, tackle and a bunch of other stuff that we could use out at our lake.

As we left, I suddenly saw a light, just like at the bank in Egypt. It was a bright light, almost blinding. This time it was surrounding a young boy. He suddenly turned toward me and came running over. He got within five feet of me and the girls and time froze again. I smiled and looked at the Djinn vessels the girls had on. This time it was Ashara's ring that was glowing. I took it off her finger as the boy got close. 

Scott (kneeling): You are special and should always keep this ring with you. What is your name?

He smiled and said his name was Thomas. I gave him one of my cards and told him anytime he needed someone to talk to he could call me.

Thomas: Thank you, Sir. But why are you giving me this ring?

Scott (chuckling): It is a special ring, just like you are special and once you are older you will know what makes you and the ring special. 

Thomas: Thank you, Sir. But I have one question, why is everything quiet and no one is moving?

Scott (laughing): It is magic. It is a way for me to give you the ring in secret.

Thomas: So I should keep the ring hidden, even from my parents? 

Scott (nodding): Yes, keep it hidden even from your parents, at least until you find out the secret of the ring.

Thomas (pocketing the ring): Ok, I will keep it with me at all times and keep it hidden. Thank you for the ring, Sir.

I watched Thomas walk back towards his parents once again. When he got five feet away from us, time unfroze and everything went back to normal.

Ashara: It makes me feel good when we find a new master for the vessels. 

Emmy: Same with me. Pretty soon, Master, we will have to restock on vessels. Two out of the initial six have been given out already. I have this feeling that there is something we are being led to do, something big. First you have me then you get Fumée, pretty soon you will have Megan back with us. Now Ashara is a druid and Alesian will be free of the crystal soon, but we don't know how long she will stick around. 

Scott (smiling): If we are being led to something big, that is fine we will deal with it when the time comes. But for now, we just go about our lives how they are unfolding now.

We drove over to an electronics store and grabbed some TVs and a few other things for the house.

As we were loading the stuff into the SUV and trailer, Fumée noticed something in the distance.

Fumée (staring off into the sky): Master, look up there (pointing into the sky).

Off in the distance there were flashes of light, not random, more like a pattern. All of us stood there, looking into the sky, watching all the light flashes.

Scott: I have no clue what that is, but something weird is happening up there.

The lights kept flashing for another five minutes then vanished completely. We all got back in the SUV and drove back to the house. We unloaded everything from the truck and trailer and within a few hours had all the stuff unloaded, except for the stove and freezer. Emmy floated those into the house. After we had all the stuff unpacked and hooked up we sat back and started talking.

Scott: Well, girls, what else do you think we should do with the house?

Emmy: I think the house is actually perfect the way it is, except I think we should change the low fence to a high wall around the land. 

Erica: I also think we should add a patio with a grill and some furniture and a walkway out to the lake.

Ashara: Master, the power told me I could use it to make plants grow quickly and beautifully. So, I was thinking, after we put the wall up around the house and land maybe I could use the power to make vines and flowers grow up the wall.

Scott: I think that is a great idea, Ashara. We can do the same with the other houses to give it a natural feel.

Fumée: Master, I know I am your newest girl, but can I make a suggestion for the house?

Scott: Fumée, you have just as much right as the other girls, even if you are a new girl. It does not matter, feel free to make any suggestions you can think of.

Fumée (smiling): Thank you, Master. The idea I had was to change the floor inside the front door. Cut out a big spot in the floor and have Ashara grow a bunch of flowers right there.

Ashara: Ooooo, can we, Master? That would be really pretty to have an atrium inside the house.

Scott (laughing): That is actually a really good idea. But we need to make the atrium self-contained; surrounded by glass. Also make it where it waters itself when it is needed and make sure that it will have enough light for the plants.

Emmy: I can do that right now, Master. (Eyes started glowing for a moment) It is done, Master. Go look. All that remains is for Ashara to make the flowers grow.

Ashara jumped up and ran into the breezeway and opened the glass up on one side and jumped onto the bare ground. When we all walked into the breezeway, we saw Ashara had her hands buried in the dirt. After a few minutes her hands started glowing along with the ground and suddenly Roses, Japanese Lotus's and a few other flowers started growing out of the ground and blossoming.

Ashara (climbing up out of the Atrium): There we go, Master. What do you think? Should I add more or is that good?

I pulled her in for a kiss along with Fumée for having the atrium idea.

Scott: That is perfect. Tomorrow we will do the complete remodel on the house wall and everything. I think we could all use a good night sleep.

We all got up and went to the bedroom and cuddled up together on the bed. Very soon we were all passed out. At about 8am Alesian started talking to me and woke me up.

Alesian: Sorry for waking you up, but all your girls got up a while ago and left the room. They are all cooking breakfast right now.

Scott: They do that all the time, Alesian. The girls all team up to cook meals so it is no big deal.

Alesian: Ok, so they all like to cook together. Is any one of them more important than the others? 

Scott: All the girls are of the same importance. None are better than the others. I love all of them. They also love each other and consider each other girlfriends as well.

Alesian: Interesting relationship. The king I served used to force my mother all the time. She would put herself in between the king and me because he would always try to force me into becoming his bride. My mother did not want me to suffer being linked to the king and threw herself into harm's way. I watched the king stab my mother one night and when I ran in to stop him, he saw the anger in my eyes and three days after he had me sealed away.

Scott: Well, Alesian, I am sorry you went through all of that. I promise you that you will never have to do anything you do not want to do.

Alesian: Thank you. But I am merely a servant though. You do not have to make any promises to me.

Scott: You are no longer a servant. I will not force you to do anything and neither will my girls.

Alesian stopped talking and I decided to get up and head to the kitchen. When I entered the kitchen I saw the sight I always loved to see. All my girls naked and dancing while cooking. I cleared my throat to let the girls know I was there. They each ran over, gave me a kiss and hug good morning, before returning to their cooking. I sat at the table watching all the girls in their full glory, dancing together in the kitchen.

Alesian: I get the feeling they are all having fun. The music I hear is beautiful.

Scott (laughing): I never force anyone into anything. They are usually the ones that force me.

Alesian: What do you mean?

Scott: Well, usually if I am naked and we are not planning on doing something soon, they would all start trying to turn me on and then jump on me.

Alesian (giggling): Sounds kind of funny to let the girl take you instead of the opposite.

Scott: They are free to do anything they want. I have no problem pleasuring them. It is fun for me as well.

Alesian: I cannot wait to be free of this crystal so I can see the life you all live with my own eyes. It sounds interesting.

Emmy: Alesian, you are free to watch us in this life, but sometimes we get really naughty.

All the girls started giggling and nodding their heads.

Alesian: I do not know what you mean by 'naughty' exactly, but I can tell by your tone that you think it is something good.

Scott: What she means, is at any given moment, one or all of them start wanting sex and since we are almost always naked, they will jump on me. Not that I mind in the least.

Alesian: Ok, I get it, 'naughty' means sex. (went quiet for a while) I do not have to participate in that, do I?

Ashara: No, Alesian, none of us have to participate in it. But once you see the pleasure the master gives us, you will want to join in.

Alesian: I will see how I feel about that when the time comes. I only have another day, maybe two, before I am free from this crystal.

Emmy: Master, breakfast is ready.

Emmy and the girls all started bringing the food to the table and we all started eating.

Emmy: Master, are we still planning on doing the remodel today?

Scott: Yes, I want to make this house into another of our homes and since we are waiting for Alesian to be free from the crystal, we have plenty of time.

We all finished eating forty five minutes later and the girls washed up the dishes. 

Scott: Alesian, can you see outside the crystal?

Alesian: No, I can only see light and outlines, so all of you just look like blurs of light in human shape.

Scott: Emmy, I wish Alesian's eyesight was linked to mine so anything I see, she sees.

Emmy (smiling): Yes, Master. Your wish is my command. (Her eyes glowed for a moment) It is done, Master. Open your eyes and let Alesian see through them.

I opened my eyes looking around the house then back at each of the girls.

Alesian: Oh my! All you girls are beautiful. Sir, is there a way I can see what you look like?

I stepped over in front of the full length mirror and looked into it, giving Alesian a full view of my naked body.

Alesian: Wow! I have seen the old king's penis, but yours is... (went quiet).

Emmy: Master, I think she liked what she saw (giggling).

Alesian: I did not expect to see all of you naked, so it surprised me.

Scott: it is fine, Alesian. Once you are free from your crystal, if you do not feel comfortable with us being naked, we will stay dressed around you.

Alesian: No, do not adjust how you all live. I actually find it quite pleasing not to have to wear those stuffy dresses my mother used to make me wear. Because of how I looked, my mother made me wear thick dresses to hide my body. Most people thought I was a demon because of the scales on my body.

Scott: You do not need to hide anything from us. When we go out in public, Emmy can make you look human to everyone else.

