 This is something different. I thought I would try something new for a change. 

I hope you dear readers enjoy it. 

It's a work of fiction and all characters are fictitious. 

And of course, we're all adults here. 

The cast of this tale:

Christine Logan-A spunky brunette xenobiologist, fresh out of the Academy and on her very first mission. 

Rachel Byron-A cute blonde geologist, very buxom and tall, genius level intelligence.

Bree Drover-A dainty redheaded pilot, very fiery and very petite.

The cast of villians will be discovered as our lovely heroines embark on their mission. 

Now enjoy, and let me know if it's a worthwhile read. Thank you. 

*****

CHAPTER ONE

The vessel burst out of hyperspace with a blinding flash of light. Trailing steam, smoke, and showered in lightning. If space wasn't a vacuum, airless, and soundless, the boom would've been deafening. The only sound onboard was the groan of the hyperdrive core spooling down. Slowly returning to its idle state as the realspace engines came online. 

The vessel, an explorer class starship, christened the S.S. Horizon. Small and sleek with a crew of only 400. Scientists and researchers mostly. Searching the galaxy for signs of alien life. Civilizations. Hoping to find habitable worlds for Mankind's expansion. Searching for alternative energy sources and alternative medicines among the vast galaxy's planets. 

The vessel entered realspace in orbit around a large green world. The fourth planet from a giant red star. Simply named 34m34g. For the 34th mission of the 34th exploratory group. Imagination was scarce among the stars as logic and science ruled the day. 

Christine Logan stepped from the shower and started to dry her body with a thin towel. Smiling to herself. Only 22 and already graduated from the Academy. With honors. Top of her class. She didn't apply for this mission. She was handpicked. Looking at her naked body in the mirror she smiled again. Slim, with just enough curves, her long brunette hair straight and full. She is ready to take on the universe. At least the plant side of it. 

As Christine was getting dressed, Rachel Byron was packing her gear. Scanners, carbon readers, and the various tools and picks of her trade. All wrapped up and packed in her favorite carbon fiber case. Putting her long blonde hair up in a ponytail she ran through her checklist again. It wouldn't do to forget something. Even though she never did. It took a lot to dispel the theoretical logic that even in the 22nd century blondes were all still ditzy bimbos. Whatever. Just because she had the body of a bimbo didn't mean she had the brains of one. 

In the ship's hangar, Bree Drover was performing the final checks on her shuttle's systems. Engines online. Comms up and clear. All visual, thermal, and barometric gauges clear and online. Her jumpsuit tight on her body as she ran the checks again. All of them. Her red hair in ringlets, her green eyes sharp. The eyes that didn't miss a thing. Checking the time, she was able to perform one last sweep of the outer hull, looking for cracks, dents, and anything that would cause problems on atmospheric entry. Smiling, she even liked the color. 

"Third exploratory group, away team, landing party and pilot report to Captain Divan for briefing and mission parameters!" sounded the ship's intercom. Blaring from every onboard speaker. As the Horizon stabilized in low planetary orbit. Her attitudinal thrusters and retro boosters firing in short, controlled bursts. Keeping her stable and in a slow orbit. Scanners came on and swept the planet. 

Feeling giddy with excitement over her first mission, Christine quickly dressed. Slipping on a skimpy and sheer pair of black panties, she decided against a bra. Zipping into a tight jumpsuit and looking for her boots she paused to look out of the porthole. Contemplating the green planet below. Biting her lip and smiling. 

In her cabin, Rachel took another quick look at her gear. Just for her own peace of mind she checked it again. Obsessive to the point of being a bit, over obsessive. Already dressed she took one last look around her cabin and headed for the briefing room. Shaking her head slowly as Christine ran past. "Hurry hurry slowpoke, you'll get left onboard!" Christine yelled giggling from down the hall. Rachel shook her head again and kept her pace, walking to the briefing and thinking about every piece of gear in her kit. 

Coming up from the hangars, Bree exited the elevator just in time to feel the breeze of Christine running by. "Hurry hurry or I'll fly the shuttle and leave you here with blondie," Christine yelled. Her giggles echoing down the hall. The briefing room at the end of the corridor. The doors slid open, then shut. Christine disappearing inside. 

Rachel walked up alongside Bree, smiling. "She's a feisty one isn't she?" said Rachel. "Feisty and a handful of trouble, you ask me," Bree replied. "She keeps calling me ginger and I'll leave her planetside," grinned Bree. 

"Well she's just a girl really, could've done with a few more years at the Academy I think," Rachel said. As the girls reached the doors to the briefing room , pausing, Bree said, "Wait Rach. Before we go in there, do we need to talk about what happened before we left the last supply station?"

Rachel smiled and held Bree's dainty white hand. "Only if it's to talk about when we can do it again," she said. Leaning down, holding Bree's chin up and kissing her lips softly. Kissing back, Bree grinned and said, "Maybe we can ditch the biologist and find some alone time down there, on the planet?" On tiptoes and leaning in to kiss Rachel again. Her petite body in her tight jumpsuit just barely coming up to Rachel's shoulder. 

"Aye-firmative," whispered Rachel, kissing Bree. Holding her hand and gently biting Bree's lower lip. Then, smiling at each other, they composed themselves and entered the stark white briefing room. 

CHAPTER TWO

As Rachel and Bree entered the briefing room Captain Diras nodded at them. Christine was already sitting at the long white table poring over some charts and graphs. The Captain sitting at the head of the table, his uniform starched white and very crisp. 

"Have a seat ladies," he said. Beckoning them in and towards the chairs. The two girls joined Christine and sat, as the Captain's assistant handed them packets of information. 

"As you know, we've entered this system to drop your team off for a geological and biological survey," he told Rachel. As the senior member of the team it fell to her to lead the mission. "In your packets you'll find the preliminary results of our long range scans." 

Pressing a few buttons on a small pad built into the table a three dimensional hologram flickered into life in the center of the table. The image of the planet they were orbiting, slowly turning. Green and blue.

"There's an abundance of flora, and the oceans are teeming with fish and aquatic mammals, but we haven't found traces of habitation. As far as we know it would be perfect for colonization," he explained. 

"However," he said. Rachel sighed, thinking how there's always a however. "If you'll look here," the Captain said, pausing the hologram. "There seems to be a clearing at the base of this large hill." He pointed to a large green protrusion, the ground seeming bare at the foot of it. 

"It appears to be at the entrance to a cave system, but our scans fail to penetrate the rock. We believe it contains large deposits of iridium." Christine giggled slightly as he said the word penetrate, earning a glance from Rachel. 

"Your mission Rachel," the Captain continued, undaunted, "is to enter the caves and see if the iridium is mineable for profit." He looked at her with a smile. "Christine will accompany you to survey the level of underground algae and bacteria, to see if subterranean hydroponics are a viable option."

Looking at the hologram, Bree asked, "Will there be enough ground to land the shuttle Captain?" The hologram showing large details but not vivid or precise ones. 

"We believe so Bree," Captain Diras replied, running his fingers through his cropped grey hair. "However, if there's any doubt, Christine and Rachel will drop on cables and clear the necessary vegetation with plasma burners." 

Christine and Rachel both grimaced at that. Not really liking the idea of hard physical work in a steamy jungle environment. "Also," the Captain continued, "the atmosphere and gravity are comparable to Earth, so environment suits and grav packs won't be necessary."

"Thank goodness for small favours," thought Rachel as she looked over her mission parameters and information package. Her mind picturing every piece of gear she packed, cataloging it and wondering if she should check it yet again. 

"And finally," the Captain began, looking at the three girls. "As you know, we're en route to the Taurine System. With vital meds to counter an outbreak of viral encephalitis. As such, that mission takes priority, so," he said, drawing it out. "We will be leaving your team planetside, and will return in three weeks."

Rachel shook her head slowly, her eyes on him glaring. Bree rolled her eyes and made a exaggerated sigh. Christine beamed, excited at her first mission, planetside, and the prospect of three weeks of uninterrupted studies. 

"Are there any questions?" the Captain asked. When none were forthcoming he stood, smiling. "I'm sure you will all fulfill your duties to the best of your considerable abilities. I'll leave you to make your final preparations. Mission begins in one hour. Dismissed." 

Rachel collected her file and left, thinking she better check that gear at least twice more. Maybe make another checklist, her obsessive mind in gear. Christine scurried out quickly, then scurried back for her forgotten information packet, then scurried out again. Her tight little body jiggling. As Bree started to leave Captain Diras stopped her. 

"Bree, wait up a minute," he said, taking her aside. "Yes Captain?" she asked, looking up at him, his tall frame dwarfing her diminutive figure. His eyes just glancing at the cleavage visible, with her jumpsuit slightly unzipped. Her breasts freckled and pale. 

"Bree, as the only member of this team with any military training, I need you to be sure to visit the armoury before takeoff. Requisition a few carbines and sidearms," he told her in a serious voice. "I didn't want to alarm the other girls, but there's been possible sightings of pirate marauders in the next system over."

Bree's eyes went a bit wide at that. "Pirates Captain?" she asked. Just a hint of trepidation. In a reassuring voice, Captain Diras rested a hand on her shoulder, saying, "It's probably just rumour Bree, you know how gossip gets around a ship. But it never hurts to be cautious."

"Yes Captain," she said. Her green eyes looking up at him respectfully. "It never hurts, and I'll be sure we are well armed Sir," she said with a smile. "Good Bree, have a safe flight and I'll see you in three weeks," he told her. Watching her firm behind in her jumpsuit as Bree left the room. 

The three girls were off to make final preparations for the three week mission that would see them on a strange world, alone, and exploring for the benefit of all Mankind. 

CHAPTER THREE

Christine Logan stowed her bag in the shuttle's hold. Smiling at the other members of the team. Rachel Byron and Bree Drover. Bree's copilot was an energetic cyborg. Very realistic and very human looking. His name was technically SAM1SP175. But everybody just called him Sam. 

Rachel checked her bag. For the third time since leaving her cabin for the hangar. Triple checking every bit of gear. Making sure, then making sure again, that it was all there. 

Bree was in the cockpit with Sam, her co-pilot, running a few last checks. Her sidearm holstered and the other weapons stowed in the hold. The Captain had come to wish them a safe trip and good fortune but hadn't stayed. 

"Engines running sound," said Bree. "Confirmed," replied Sam. 

"Comms up," Bree said into her headset. Rachel and Christine returned with, "Loud and clear." 

"All systems and all readouts, gauges, and monitors reading green," said Bree, as she looked over the dazzling cluster. "Passengers secure and ready?" she asked.

Rachel and Christine were buckled firmly in harnesses and strapped to their chairs. "Affirmative," both replied.

"Closing rear hatch," said Bree, the ramp folding up and locking shut. Rachel checking her suit zipper and harness again, her obsessive nature forcing her to always be checking everything. Christine giggled and asked her, "You sure you got everything," just to tease her. Rachel shot her a glare then started thinking if she really did have everything.

Warning klaxons and flashing strobes began, as Bree cycled up the shuttle's engines and opened up the thrusters. The hangar doors closing slowly and with a heavy thump. The outer doors slowly opening to the vacuum of outer space. The remaining oxygen in the hangar vented with a loud whoosh. 

"Prepare for gravity dump," said Bree, as she hovered the shuttle slowly to the door. "I hate this part," muttered Christine as Rachel closed her eyes.

The shuttle slowly hovered on thrusters to the open bay exit. Bree expertly handling the ship out into space. Very slowly leaving, Christine looked back and gave a girly wave to the Horizon. Rachel keeping her eyes closed and mentally taking inventory of her gear. 

"Gravity dump in 3-2-1," Bree counted down, in unison with Sam. As she threw the lever that released the shuttle from the artificial gravity field maintained by the Horizon the shuttle lurched and dropped towards the planet like a meteor falling from space. Onboard, as the shuttle dropped, three perky sets of breasts lifted high and all at once. Rachel's being the biggest, Bree's the perkiest, and Christine's the most firm. 

The shuttle dropped to the surface of the planet as the mothership Horizon cruised away preparing to leave the system in hyperspace. Rachel keeping her eyes closed to avoid nausea, Christine giggling like a girl on a roller coaster, and Bree with Sam piloting the shuttle as a team. 

Unseen by all, on the far side of the planet's single moon, watchers observed the shuttle's descent. Observed with malicious intent. Awaiting the departure of the large vessel into hyperspace before leaving their hidden shadow. Scanners only revealing life signs and one cyborg. The pirate marauder's sleek vessel hidden from sensor sweeps and scans. Using sophisticated cloaking and stealth technology. 

Captain Bronson, leader of the pirate clan, watched the shuttle descend and grinned. 

CHAPTER FOUR

The shuttle entering the planet's atmosphere began to heat up. The outer skin warming to a cozy red glow. The interior comfortable but vibrating. The tremors building in intensity and the girls all shaking in their chairs. The cyborg Sam, maintaining a firm grip on the controls as Bree kept a watchful eye on hull integrity monitors. 

Then suddenly, red skies. Clouds. The small ship breaking through the stratosphere and entering the open skies of the as yet undiscovered world. The planet's sun filtered through the atmosphere, giving the sky its reddish tint. 

"All systems reading green," Bree chimed over the comm. "The air is breathable, and there's no sign of radiation. The temperature is a balmy ninety degrees up here, and will be warmer on the surface. Hope you ladies brought your bikinis," she finished with a giggle. Christine giggled as well, wondering how Bree knew about the little green bikini in her bag.

As the shuttle dropped down into the planet's skies, the pirate vessel moved from its hiding place. The Horizon gone with a burst of light into hyperspace. On the pirate's marauder class vessel, the small crew begins preparing. Arming themselves and fitting body gloves. The captain keeping everyone in line with promises of equal shares of whatever they take.

Bree circled the landing site twice, making sure there was room enough to bring down the shuttle. "Prepare for landing," she announced, as she slowed to hover over the clearing. 

Christine stared out the porthole next to her in wonder at the amount of life visible. Plants and trees and shrubs and all manner of vines. Wondering if three weeks would be enough to even begin cataloging it all. 

Slowly the shuttle dropped. "Landing in 3-2-1," Bree said, echoed by her cyborg copilot. The shuttle eased gently to the ground, a testament to her skill as a pilot. "And we're down," she said, removing the harness keeping her in her seat. "Sam, shut down the engines and do post flight checks of all systems," she told the cyborg. "Affirmative," he replied, in an almost human voice. 

As all three girls stood, Rachel activated the rear loading ramp. As it slowly lowered the jungle air wafted in, bringing the scent of humid vegetation. Christine was positively thrilled, her first mission bringing her to a world of plant life she had never before seen. 

Exiting the shuttle, Bree did a check of the perimeter as Rachel began unloading gear. "We will make camp here, and at first light we will begin the survey of the cave network," she said, looking at the dark chasm in front of the shuttle. 

Aside from the stealthy pirate vessel, and unbeknownst to the three girls, another set of eyes watched them with vile interest. 

CHAPTER FIVE

Hidden deep within the cave arcology, in a secret laboratory, an evil genius resided. Dr. Van Lester. Exiled from the world of men for conducting sadistic experiments, he built a laboratory on this world. Far from prying eyes, him and his assistant, a cruel dwarf named only Hugo, resided. His experiments continue but to his chagrin, he only has plant life and the occasional victim to tinker with. Until now. His network of hidden cameras reveal three young subjects and his twisted mind already begins to plot. 

As the girls set up camp, giggling and talking, the sun begins to set. The heat begins to let up a bit and a fire is built. Meal packets are brought out and the girls begin to eat, grimacing at the taste of packaged meals. The cyborg Sam shuts down to run self checks and diagnostics. 

"I can't wait to explore the caves," Christine said, excitedly. "I'll bet I discover a new plant life or a new form of medicinal algae," she giggles. Rachel shakes her head with a grin, saying, "I'll bet you fall in a hole and need saving," much to Bree's delight. 

"Have you ever been on an away mission this long?" Christine asks the other two girls. Rachel and Bree lock eyes and smile at each other. "Not so long but, we've had some interesting encounters," says Bree, making Rachel giggle. 

Rolling her eyes, Christine just shakes her head. Hoping she doesn't catch them naked or anything like that. Since working so hard at the Academy, Christine never really had time for a boyfriend. Or girlfriend. It wasn't something she really missed though. Schoolwork was so much more important. 

With a smile, Rachel pulled a flask from her jumpsuit. "Anyone care for a sip of rum?" she asked, uncapping the small bottle. Bree and Christine giggled and both nodded yes with glee. 

As the girls sipped rum, giggling and talking, telling stories, the vile Dr. Van Lester watched. His secret cameras capturing every angle. His monitors and scanners also alerting him to the presence of the pirate marauder in low orbit. His technology easily the match for pirate stealth. 

"Prepare the lab Hugo, we shall soon have visitors," he told his assistant dwarf. "Yes Doctor," Hugo replied, scurrying off to make preparations for receiving company. The evil Doctor grinning, rubbing his hands together, and chuckling insanely as he watched the three beautiful girls chatting around the fire. The picture of innocence.
