 I stood there while Lisa held my cock and kissed me for a moment. Once she stopped kissing me, she stepped back and dropped to her knees. Emmy and the other girls stood behind her smiling and nodding their heads yes. I bent down and tilted Lisa's head up so I could look her in the eye as I asked her if she was sure that she wanted to get involved in this mess. 

Lisa smiled, "Yes Master, even though it's dangerous, I still feel like this is where I belong. Not only because of you and the mistresses but there is something else telling me I should stay." I told Emmy and the girls to give Lisa "The Talk". That way Lisa can make an informed decision afterwards. They all went into the game room and talked for about an hour. I was sitting out by the pool when the girls came out and sat on the ground in front of me. I looked down at them and asked what was going on. 

Lisa spoke up first, "Master, make me a part of your harem, please." I smiled and said if that was what she wanted and it was ok with the girls, then it was fine with me. I looked at Emmy and said I wish Lisa was linked to us in both life and mind. 

Emmy smiled, "Your wish is my command, Master!" She started glowing followed by Lisa. When the glow faded from Lisa, I heard her say in my head, "Master, my ass is yours." as she gave me a lust filled grin. 

Emmy started giggling and lay down in front of Lisa then pulled her on top of her. Megan and Erica came over to each side of Lisa and each grabbed one of Lisa's ass cheeks and spread her wide open. Ashara came over and sat down on Emmy's face I stepped up behind Lisa and put the head of my cock at her ass and started pushing slowly into her. Lisa looked back at me and said, "Master, just shove it in. Emmy lubed me up before we came outside. So just shove it in fully." 

I laughed and pushed in all the way with a smooth, firm stroke. Lisa let out a loud moan as I sank in and bottomed out. Ashara gave me a huge smile and said, "Master, you love that ass don't you?" I nodded my head as I started rocking my hips into Lisa. Each time I bottomed out, Lisa let out a loud groan. Megan and Erica finally moved over together and got in a 69 next to us. We continued this for a little bit until I felt Lisa's ass grip me hard just before she passed out and fell forward with her hips still slightly twitching. 

Ashara and I gently rolled Lisa off of Emmy and I wished that we were all cleaned up. As soon as Emmy said, "Your wish is my command." I sank into Emmy's steaming pussy, eliciting a loud scream from her as I started pounding her pussy. Ashara was still riding Emmy's mouth when I made a silent wish to Emmy that her tongue would grow. Next thing I knew Ashara was screaming out an incredible orgasm riding Emmy's now 6-inch tongue. 

I continued fucking Emmy with strong, smooth strokes and counted off 6 orgasms until Ashara made the comment, "Master, I think Emmy passed out. Her tongue quit moving." She let out a giggle and rolled off of Emmy's face to see her laying there smiling but asleep. I pulled slowly out of Emmy with a groan and motioned Ashara to lie down beside Emmy and slid all the way into her which caused her to scream, "OH GOD!" I started pounding into Ashara who started gurgling and uttering unintelligible noises. Megan and Erica both came over to us and latched their mouths onto Ashara's tits. Thanks to this, Ashara did not last long and blasted off to a massive orgasm. Megan laid down on the ground on her back and Erica lay face to face on top of her. I got behind them and slid inside of Megan first, going at a quickened pace and kept shifting between the two of them. I knew I wasn't gonna last much longer and made a silent wish to Emmy to increase both Megan's and Erica's sensitivity. While I was pounding into Erica, she lost it and I slid back into Megan. I drove myself into her for a few minutes until her pussy tightened up around me, pulling me into her orgasm with her. I shot stream after stream into her pussy, each one sending her higher and higher into stronger and stronger orgasms. 

I rolled off of Megan and Lisa immediately buried her face into Megan's pussy, licking her clean. I looked over at Emmy who started kissing Lisa and sharing my cum with each other. The other girls, noticing that there was cum to be had, lined up for their share. I laid there watching these 5 beauties swapping my cum and each other's saliva. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a tuft of black hair over close to the bedroom window. As soon as I noticed, it vanished. I got up and walked over to the spot I saw her last and noticed a pretty big wet spot on the ground. The girls followed me over and asked what was wrong. Emmy started giggling, "Master, I smell pussy juice really strong over here." I smiled and said that I think the Dark Djinn was over here enjoying the show. Lisa smiled, "Well master, I guess your plan is working pretty good so far." I nodded my head and told them that we all need to take a shower and get some sleep because I have to take Lisa to the bank and put her on the joint account. 

Lisa frowned, "Master, I was barely able to live, so I don't have much money. I do have about $1000 in the bank that you can gladly have." 

Ashara smiled and gave Lisa a kiss, "Lisa, don't worry about money. Thanks to me and the others we have plenty of money to live on." 

I said tomorrow we are all going out together. We need to get a new vehicle that will hold all of us and some other stuff for the house. They all smiled and started heading to the bathroom. I grabbed Emmy's hand and held her back. I pulled her into my arms and gave her a kiss. Emmy smiled, "What was that for master?" 

I told her that she has made me very happy since she came back into my life and I will do everything to make her counterpart see things the way she does. Emmy hugged me back hard and said, "Master, I know you will. I have trusted you since we were kids and I always will." Megan yelled from the bathroom to hurry up. So we headed over and got in the huge tub with the rest of them. We all took turns washing each other from head to toe; except for their hair. I asked them to please let me do their hair since I really liked the intimacy of it. They all readily agreed to my request and each said that they enjoyed it as well. After I washed the girl's hair, I got out and dried them each off as they got out. When the last one was dry, the girls each took a towel and dried me off in no time. 

We all got into the bed and curled up together. The girls each took turns kissing and saying goodnight to me and each other and we all soon fell asleep. When I woke up the girls were all running around the house getting dressed and cooking breakfast. I got up and pulled a pair of boxers on then got dressed in blue jeans and a t-shirt. It was a simple outfit, but I liked the casual comfort of it. I headed to the kitchen to find Emmy still naked, cooking in front of the stove. I walked up behind her and kissed her neck as I ran my hands up under her tits and lightly pinched her hardening nipples. I stopped and told her to go get dressed that I would take over cooking. She smiled and said, "Yes master!" I smacked her on the butt as she ran off to the girl's closet. 

Megan and Ashara came up to me and said, "Master, let us take over the cooking. You need to go find your wallet and your phone." 

I gave both of them a kiss and walked to the living room. Erica and Lisa were both sitting on the couch cuddled up to each other. I smiled, bent down and gave both of them a kiss. They told me good morning as I continued my search for the errant wallet and phone. 

Erica said, "Here is your wallet Master. I found it in the couch cushion earlier." I gave her another kiss and said thank you. Now I just gotta remember where I put my phone. 

Lisa said, "Oh Master, when Amanda and I were cleaning yesterday, I moved your phone to the table by the door." 

I walked over to the table and grabbed my phone and noticed my father had called late last night. I dialed his number and gave him a call. When he answered on the 6th ring and said, "Hello son, how is everything going?" I told him what had happened the last few days he said, "Wow, so that Djinn lady and one of her maids joined your harem after you moved into a huge house. That is incredible." I told him I would setup a house warming party soon and that we were just about to head out to do some shopping. He chuckled over the phone. We said our goodbyes and hung up just as Emmy came running into the room and grabbed my hand pulling me to the dining room. She pushed me back into my chair and then went and sat down herself. A moment later Erica, Lisa, and Megan started bringing plates of food. Ashara followed behind them with glasses and a pitcher of orange juice. Once everyone had filled their glass with orange juice, we all started eating. During the meal I told them I was taking them out shopping for clothes. They were to get everything they needed; including shoes. They seemed even more eager when shoes were mentioned. I told them to fill their closet up completely. I also want to get new dishes, pots, and pans etc. But first, we need to go get a new vehicle that we can all fit in and bring my car back here. I told them I was aiming for a Hummer since there would be plenty of room for all of us and still have plenty of room for the stuff we are gonna buy. 

But for this shopping trip we will probably need to get a trailer because we are gonna have to stock up on everything since there are six people in the house. They all smiled Emmy said, "Master, we could always shop and you could just wish everything back here." I laughed and said yes but I want to keep a low profile. Even though the normal people wouldn't think anything about the effect of wishes, you just never know who or what can be out there watching. So I think we should just bring our stuff back here on our own. Emmy smiled, "Yes Master. I understand you want to make us look like normal people" 

Erica said, "Master, I have a question. Could we buy a bunch of top of the line computer parts? I want to build each of us a powerful computer." I laughed and said that sounded like a good idea. I will also get all of us a desk and chair. I plan to modify the game room later today and make one side for consoles and the other side a computer area. 

The girls all smiled and said that sounded good to them. Erica smiled, "I will build each of us the most powerful computer possible." I smiled and said that she will be able to get the best parts possible thanks to Ashara's family savings. As for the rest of you girls, since you all seem to like being in the kitchen, we are going to go all out and buy new appliances for the kitchen. It is time for us to make this house into our home. We finished eating and cleaned up everything. The girls hurried out to the car as I followed behind them enjoying the view. Emmy called shotgun before they got to the car, so she got the passenger seat. That left the other 4 girls with the back seat. Lisa and Ashara sat in the seat, while Megan and Erica were relegated to sitting in their laps. We drove to the nearest Hummer dealership. When we got there, we all piled out of the car with giggles since it reminded us of a clown car as people kept coming out of it. We all gathered near the Hummers, oooh-ing and ah-ing over the colors and the features while we waited for a salesman. It seemed like only moments before a salesman accosted us and asked if were wanted to go for a test ride. I told him no and asked him how fast they could have a Humvee with all the features ready to go. He said they had one ready to go in the back lot and we could drive it off the lot as soon as the paperwork was completed. I told Lisa and Megan to take the mustang back to the house and once we got the Humvee we would come pick them up. They both leaned in and kissed my cheeks at the same time. I noticed the salesman quirking an eyebrow at us. I just smiled. 

Lisa took my keys and she and Megan got in and drove the car off the lot in the direction of home. 

While the girls browsed the showroom floor, the salesman and I made our way to his office. We both took our seats as I took out my checkbook and wrote a check for the total amount of the Hummer. The salesman's mouth dropped when I handed it to him and he noticed it was for the full price of the Hummer. It dropped even further when the check had cleared. He must have signaled his manager somehow, because it wasn't long after that when I noticed each of the girls had a salesman following them around the showroom. The fact that they were gorgeous might have played a factor. It is amazing how a total price cash sale speeds up the paperwork. All the salespeople got increasingly polite too. I couldn't help but smirk a little. I took the keys from him and mentally told the girls that I was ready to go. Instantly the girls stopped what they were doing and simultaneously turned and started walking toward me. The looks on the salesman's faces was priceless. We all got into the new Hummer and I drove it over to the insurance place and got full coverage. From there we went straight back to the house to see Lisa and Megan standing out by the gate. Ashara opened the back door for them to climb in and we drove off to the bank. I took Lisa and Emmy into the bank. The manager gave me a huge grin when he noticed us coming in and came up to me and shook my hand. We followed him back to his office where I introduced him to Lisa. He responded with damn Scott, how many beautiful girls are you gonna have with you. I laughed and said I cannot help it that girls like me and want to stay with me. The manager looked at Lisa and asked for her ID. She handed it to him and he asked her to sign the papers he had on the desk. 

Once back the manager said, "Scott, since you had so many cards ordered for your girls, I took it upon myself to order all the cards at once. I have 4 of the cards here now." then handed them to me. I asked when Lisa's card would be ready and he responded, "It will be here in 2 days because I'll put in an express order today." 

As we left the bank and walked back toward the Hummer, I handed the girls their cards. They all smiled and Emmy said, "Thank you, Master." I got a kiss from each of them as they received their card and got into the Hummer. From there we headed over to a dealer that sold trailers. We picked up a good size trailer and the dealer quickly had it attached to our Hummer and we drove off. Next stop was the mall. I told the girls to each go get their hair and nails done and I would be right outside the salon waiting for them. As I was sitting on the bench outside the salon I heard an obviously feminine voice calling my name. I looked up and saw Angela walking towards me. All I could think was wow, I like the way she walks. As she got closer, I stood up and gave her a hug and a kiss which elicited a purr from her. 

I smiled and asked why she hadn't called us yet. Angela frowned, "I was forgetful and left your number in my pocket and when I did remember, it was too late, the wash had destroyed it." 

I laughed and asked her if she had time to sit and talk. Angela smiled, "For you? Of course I do. I am the manager and right now it's locked up so I will be happy to sit and talk." We walked over to a larger bench that had a better view of the salon entrance and sat down. We talked for about half an hour before the girls came walking out of the salon looking drop dead gorgeous. Angela stood up and gave Erica, Megan, and Emmy a hug then looked at the other two girls then back at me and said, "So you added two more hotties to your harem?" 

Lisa and Ashara stepped up and introduced themselves to Angela. Emmy sent a thought into my head, "Master, let's ask Angela to come over to the house tonight. I want to get some of her pussy again." I laughed back at her and told her I was already thinking about that, but not tonight. We have to do a lot of work tonight. Emmy thought back at me, "Master, I know you like her and she is thinking right now about how much she would love to be part of your harem." I looked at Angela and then back at Emmy and said fine let's ask her over for dinner tomorrow. Emmy giggled, "Ok Master, sounds good." 

Angela finally stopped talking to Lisa and Ashara and turned her attention back to me. I smiled at her and said would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow night? Angela got a huge smile on her face and asked, "Does dinner include dessert?" Then she licked her lips as she looked at my crotch. Emmy and the other girls all cracked up laughing. I walked over to Angela and pulled her into my arms planting a huge kiss on her. She melted into me and kissed me back passionately. I laughed as we parted and said that's to hold you until tomorrow. Angela licked her lips and looked at all the girls and asked, "Do I get dessert from all of you as well?" All five girls smiled and nodded their heads and walked over and each gave her a kiss. Angela smiled and said, "Good. I'm looking forward to it." She turned back to me and said, "This time, do not write your number on paper. Put it and your address directly into my phone." I took the phone and put my info into it then handed it back to her. 

Angela smiled and said, "Goodbye. I'll call you tomorrow after I close the store." The girls and I walked Angela back to her store and parted ways. After splitting up we went to the clothing stores and shoe stores each of the girls bought around 5 pairs of shoes each and then bought around $5000 worth of clothes. We left the mall after that, loading all the clothes and shoes into the back of the hummer. Next stop was the Electronic/Appliance store. Once inside we headed over for the stoves and fridges. We picked out the ones we wanted and arranged for delivery and set up. Then we headed for the small appliances. We loaded a cart down with a bunch of stuff ranging from a stereo to a microwave. 

I laughed when Erica yanked Lisa and Megan over to the computer section of the store. She reminded me of a kid in a candy store. So I told her to go for the best she could get. I told them to meet us in the TV section after they finished. First stop was the videogame department. I told Emmy and Ashara to pick out all the games except for sporting games since none of us played or watched sports. After picking out all the games, we went to the TVs and I picked out a 75-inch smart TV for the living room. A few minutes later Megan, Lisa, and Erica came to us pushing 3 carts filled with computer cases and parts. I smiled and told the girls let's go get us all some new phones and headed over to the cell counter. We picked out some of the best cell phones they had and I bought 2 extras just in case. 

We checked out and the cashier gave us our delivery info, which was scheduled for the next afternoon. We loaded everything into the back of the trailer and headed to the home store. We went in and picked up really nice plates and cookware as well as towels and washcloths. After we paid for everything, we loaded the dishes into the back of the hummer and the rest of it into the trailer. Next stop was the furniture store. We picked out 7 desks, a new couch that was a huge curved couch big enough for 10 people to sit on it in front of the huge TV. We picked out desk chairs and bought some additional patio furniture and pool stuff. The store people said they could deliver all the furniture tonight at 8pm. We agreed, paid for everything, and then headed over to the grocery store. I split us into 3 groups myself and Lisa headed to the meats, Emmy and Megan went to the produce department, Erica and Ashara headed to the snacks and dairy department. We all met up at the area they keep the alcohol and we filled a cart with a lot of different kinds from rum to whiskey to vodka and wine, both white and red. We headed to the checkout and I overheard one of the baggers talking to another one, "Man this guy is lucky. Look at all those hot chicks, especially the little redhead." I sent a thought to Emmy and told her what the baggers had said and she giggled. 
