 I awoke to a loud whistling noise. I looked around the room. What was making that- My charm. On the nightstand. It was glowing cherry red, whistling, and burning my bedside table. I could smell smoke. This was not good. My mind went back to when I had first gotten the warding charm. 

When I was 12, strange things started to happen around the house. Things moving when we weren't looking. Odd noises in the night. I awoke several times to my bed floating a foot above the floor. When I told my parents, they didn't believe me. 

I lost sleep, afraid of the things that happened in the night. I grew quiet, and frightened. My parents sent me to a shrink. Then, one night, my mother woke to her bed floating gently in the air. She screamed, and the bed dropped to the ground, waking my father. 

After that we got a priest to perform an exorcism on the house. That made all the weird happenings stop. For about a month. Then the weirdness came back full force. Now our food was mysteriously going bad, and things were breaking in the night. 

We called the priest again. This time, when he came to perform the exorcism, he tripped over something we couldn't see, and somehow landed wrong and broke his leg. My father went to a psychic next. She came to check out the house, and told us she'd never seen a house so full of spirits. She pointed us to a woman in New York she said could help.

Since the woman didn't have a listed number, just an address, we went to visit her. She had a small shop where she sold herbs, crystals, incense, and various charms. When my parents explained our problem, sounding a little frantic, she told them, "You've come to the right place." 

She looked around her shop. "I can sense several spirits hovering around outside my wards. You've brought them with you." 

My father swallowed. "W-we have?" 

The woman nodded. "Usually spirits are attached to a particular place. You said you performed an exorcism? And they came back?" 

"Yes," my mother told her. "And when we called the priest back he broke his leg." 

She nodded. "An exorcism makes a place very uncomfortable for spirits. For them to come back so soon, or even come back at all, something must have been drawing them." 

She turned to me. "You've entered puberty, yes?" 

My mother frowned. "I fail to see how this is-" 

The woman held up her hand to silence her. "Trust me, this is relevant. When did you begin to bleed, child?" 

I told her, "About four months ago." 

She turned to my parents. "And when did the hauntings start?" 

My father frowned. "About four months ago... Are you saying they are connected?" 

The woman nodded. "Yes. Your daughter is drawing the spirits." 

She turned back to me. "You are to them what catnip is to a cat. You attract them, and sometimes, around you, they will act a little odd."

"Is there any way to fix her?" my mother asked, hovering protectively behind me. 

The woman nodded. "Yes. Let me go get it." 

She went into the back room, and then brought back a charm on a necklace chain. "This will both block the spirits from sensing her and, if they do sense her, keep them away. One hundred dollars, for the consult and the charm. I accept cash, checks, and Visa." 

My father pulled out his credit card. The woman swiped it. "The charm has no warranty, but feel free to come back if you have any further troubles," the woman said. She handed the charm to me. "This can never be more than six feet away from you," she told me. "Wear it all the time, even in the shower. It won't rust. When you take it off at bedtime, leave it on your bedside table, and remember to put it on again in the morning!" 

I'd followed those instructions to the letter for eleven years. For eleven years, my life had been uneventful, at least as far as spirits were concerned. Now, I thought as I looked down at the melting charm, that was about to change. 

I felt something coming. Something big. The charm stopped whistling. It was now a shapeless lump of metal. For a moment, everything was silent. Then my window shattered. 

I felt the cold regard of the thing that had entered my room. It was... Interested. Curious. And... And it was horny. Very horny. I shuddered, guessing what would come next. 

The spirit surveyed me thoughtfully from its position just above the bed. Then the covers slid off me, and I was lifted up into the air. I shivered from the cold, clad in only a nightie. I could feel nothing holding me up. It was a strange sensation. 

Then my nightie ripped. My nipples hardened as they were exposed to the cold air. I felt the monster cup my breasts in its ethereal hands, feeling them and becoming aroused. 

That was the only foreplay. Its enormous cock rammed into my pussy, and began to pump furiously. 

It hurt at first. I wasn't wet enough, and the thing's cock was far, far larger than anything I'd ever had in my pussy. I winced with every thrust. 

The pain began to fade as my body adjusted. I grew wet, lubricating those fast, hard thrusts, and my muscles relaxed to accommodate its cock. 

I began to feel good. Overwhelming pleasure shot through me at the next thrust, and I gasped. 

The thing froze. It shivered slightly. I felt... Surprise? 

It thrust into me a few more times, and I moaned. It paused, as if gauging my reaction. Then it began to thrust in earnest once more. 

I could feel it carefully adjusting its angle, like it was looking for what made me gasp the loudest. It thumped against my g-spot, and I let out a soft cry. 

It was feeling my body now, stroking over every bare inch of skin. It touched my nipples, and I cried out in delight. 

It squeezed my nipples gently, and I moaned. It squeezed them less gently, and I winced. It hurriedly release its grip, and then squeezed them gently again. It carefully manipulated them in different ways, as if searching for what I liked. 

It was still searching for other spots I liked to have touched. It stroked my inner thighs, noted my reaction, and began to stroke them in time with its thrusts. Its questing touch brushed my clit. 

I screamed. "Oh god, oh god, yes, do that, do that," I gasped. It stroked my clit again, and I squealed. 

With it rubbing my clit, my nipples, and my inner thighs, as well as thrusting against my g-spot, I was getting very excited. Oh, god, I was going to- 

I came. I felt the creature's surprise an instant before it was also overwhelmed by an orgasm. I felt its pleasure, my pleasure, its pleasure... No, not it. Him. I felt his pleasure, and it felt good. 

He stopped cumming before me, but patiently waited for me to finish my extended orgasm. I finished with one final gasp, and then went limp, grinning. 

The spirit carefully closed my nightie and lowered me back into bed. He slid the covers over my body. Then I felt him leave. He felt puzzled, but satisfied. 

Exhausted by my pleasure, I went to sleep. 

I awoke to the feeling of being stared at. I opened my eyes, and felt the spirit from last night thoughtfully regarding me from the foot of the bed. 

I stared at the place where he hovered. I couldn't see him, but I knew where he was all the same. "You going to fuck me again?" I asked. Maybe he understood me, maybe he didn't. I had no idea. "I'd appreciate some foreplay this time." 

The spirit floated up next to me, shivering into visibility. He looked more like a heat haze than anything else, like hot air rising from the highway in the middle of July, except a bit denser. I could see the room through him, but it was distorted. He was large, bigger than I was by a significant margin, and amorphous. I felt him drop something beside me on the bed. I looked. It was a dead bird, freshly killed and still bloody. 

I screamed. The spirit hastily snatched the bird back, tucking it back out of sight. I felt the spirit's dismay as it tried to wipe the blood off the sheets. 

I started to sob. "Please, please, go away." 

The spirit slid out of the open window, racing away. Within minutes, I could no longer sense it. 

I sighed, and slid out of bed on the side away from the window, still shivering slightly from my shock. First things first, I needed to get showered and dressed. Then I needed to clean up the mess that thing had left. Change the sheets, clean up the broken glass. Then, breakfast, if I had time, and then I needed to head off to work. 

*

It turned out that, once I had everything cleaned up, there wasn't enough time for breakfast. Stomach rumbling, I walked to work, like I did every morning. My apartment's nearness to the office was why I had rented it. 

The street life was alive and well. A man was selling jewelry from a barrow on the sidewalk, and a living statue was standing nearby, posing on one leg beside a jar for tips. A man and a woman played a sax duet on the corner. Several people lined up beside a food truck whose smell made my mouth water. Numerous strangers were passing by, on the way from point a to point b, and a tourist was taking pictures of everything. 

I covered my face as he turned toward me. "No pictures." 

He smiled. "I'm just trying to get a shot of that quaint little sign behind you. If you'd move a bit further down the street, you won't be in the picture." 

I continued walking, and I heard the man snap the picture just as a spirit whooshed up behind me. The tourist looked at his picture, and swore. "What the- Hey!" I turned in time to see the camera jerk out of his hands and tumble down a storm drain. Whatever picture he had gotten of the spirit was now gone. 

The spirit was peering at me. It was not the one from last night. The one from last night had felt smooth and soft as silk cord against my mind, and as powerful as roaring thunder. This one felt... greasy, like a day old bag of fast food. 

The greasy spirit tailed me for a block. I entered the office I worked at, home to a small financial firm. The elevator was still out. Damn. I headed for the stairs. The spirit followed. 

When I reached the top of the first flight, the floor under my feet suddenly became slippery. I slipped and fell, tumbling down the entire flight of stairs. 

I felt the spirit's laughter. "That's not funny!" I snapped to it. 

"What's not funny?" asked a voice. Mr. Donagan, owner of the firm, had just come in the front door. "What are you doing on the floor?" 

I winced, rising to my feet. "I fell down the stairs, sir." 

Mr. Donagan frowned. "Are you alright?" 

I winced again as I checked the lump on my head. "Bruised, but otherwise fine." 

"If you need to go see a doctor, I'd be more than happy to give you the day off," Mr. Donovan said, forehead creased with worry. 

Suddenly, I heard a loud farting noise from behind me. A truly rancid smell began to permeate the lobby. The spirit's silent laughter increased. 

Mr. Donovan frowned. "Yes, a doctor would be a very good idea. I'll tell Thomas you're sick, Miranda." 

The farting noise came again. I felt tears welling up in my eyes. 

Mr. Donovan's nose wrinkled. "I'll just, umm, go up to my office." He edged around me to get to the stairs, staying as far away from me as he could. As he began to climb, I raced out the door, tears streaming down my cheeks. 

It was a short run home. When I got there, the spirit who had fucked me was waiting. I began to back out the door. He yanked me inside and slammed the door behind me. I was lifted up into the air, and my shirt was hastily unbuttoned. Then, suddenly, the spirit froze. I felt a sharp pain as he prodded a bruise on my side, and whimpered. A tendril of his being followed the track of a tear down my cheek. 

I flinched at the spirit's sudden surge of rage. "Please, don't hurt me. I'll do anything you want. I'll have sex with you again. Just, please-" I screamed as the greasy spirit entered my apartment. 

Slowly, I was moved out from between the two spirits. I sensed them warily sizing each other up. Then, the sex spirit pounced. 

A whirling ball of destruction spun around my apartment as the spirits fought. I curled up into a ball where I hovered, shivering as my apartment was torn to pieces. 

The ball ejected a single, greatly weakened spirit, the greasy spirit, who immediately fled. The sex spirit, as strong as it had ever been, drifted over to where it held me in the air, radiating possessiveness and pride. It brushed my inner thigh, trailing from my knee to my- I flinched away, and began to cry. 

I expected to be roughly taken again, but the spirit surprised me by setting me down. I looked around my apartment, and began to sob harder. It was in pieces. The couch was flipped, my computer was crushed, and my dishes were in pieces on the floor. The coffee table had been broken in half, and everything that had been sitting on it was scattered, and, in some cases, crushed. There were even a few dents in the walls, surrounded by plaster dust. 

The spirit did a quick circuit around the apartment, and then paused. It flipped the couch back upright, then hesitated over the coffee table. It lifted up the two pieces, and then gently set them back down. It hovered in front of me briefly. Then it slid out of the crack under the door. Soon, I could no longer sense it. 

I tried the front door, thinking I could go and maybe get some coffee. The door refused to unlock. I considered yelling for help, or trying to climb out the window, but it just didn't seem worth it. 

My toaster, though on the floor, was undamaged. I picked it up and set it on the counter before plugging it back in. I managed to flip the refrigerator from its front to its side so I could get a bagel out of the freezer, and then I popped the bagel into the toaster. Soon I was sitting on the couch, munching on a toasted bagel with cream cheese. 

Bagel finished, I began to feel tired from my experiences this morning. Such a long day, and it wasn't even lunchtime yet. I lay down on the couch, intending to just close my eyes for a moment, and drifted off to sleep. 

*

I awoke to the feeling of a presence in my apartment. Presenses. More than 1. One big, one medium, and around a dozen or so small. The big one I recognized as the sex spirit. It felt smug. The medium one crackled like lightning. The small ones were fuzzy, and gave a sense of speed and nervous efficiency. I opened my eyes, apprehensive. 

I had a quick view of a dozen or so things like large hamsters. They squealed, and vanished from sight, although not from my mind. A shadowy goblin-like something gave me a once over, and then turned back to my computer. I blinked. 

The sex spirit radiated irritation, and made a quick circuit around the room. One by one, the hamster things popped back into view. They had hands, I noticed, in the place of their front and back paws, coated it a short layer of velvety fur, and long, monkey-like tails. Eight of them, shooting nervous glances at me, picked up the coffee table, with one gripping each leg, and four at the crack. They held the ends together. A ninth scurried along the top, doing swift things with its paws and tail. Where it went, the cracks vanished. I gaped. 

Two or three of the furry spirits darted in blurs around my dishes, piecing them back together. There were already several large stacks of dishes on the floor. One spirit appeared with an armful of flowers. Another took my vase, and placed it on the newly fixed coffee table while the hamster things who had fixed it scattered. The one with the flowers began to carefully arrange them in the vase, humming happily. The one who had place the vase began arranging my knick knacks on the coffee table, moving in a blur to grab one and then carefully arranging it, darting from side to side to look at the effect from different angles. 

The goblin thing was fixing my computer, I realized. I wondered if it or the hamster like things had fixed my TV. 

Several of the hamster things appeared carrying my laundry basket. They dumped it on the floor and began to work on the clothes within it. One would lay out a piece of clothing, and then it and two others would dart around and across it, making stains vanish and wrinkles smooth. Then another two would move in to fold it while the first three moved on to another item of clothing. 

The dishes were now being moved from the floor to the cabinets. The two fuzzy things who had been decorating my coffee table now approached me nervously, one with an armful of ribbons and cloth flowers and the other with a hairbrush. They darted looks at the sex spirit, and then began to comb and arrange my hair. A third darted up with a mirror so I could watch. Soon my hair was beautifully done up with braids, ribbons, and flowers. 

Their appearance abruptly rang a bell in my memory. I remembered a book I had read about fairies as a child. According to it, these little guys were brownies. I watched as most of the brownies who had been cleaning my laundry transported it, newly folded, back to my bedroom, while one of them removed the shoes I was wearing and began to polish them. 

Three left the bedroom, carrying a dress I knew I didn't own. The held it up to me and chittered expectantly. I took it and went into my sparkling clean bathroom to change. One of the brownies followed me to help fasten it in the back. 

I looked at myself in the mirror. The skirt and sleeves of the dress were multi layered, each layer as thin as mist and a gossamer as a spiderweb. The bodice was laced like a corset, and the empire waist was decorated with cloth flowers. It was, of course, pink, as befitted a fairy tale gown. The flowers were purple and white, both on the dress and in my hair, and the laces on the bodice matched the gold ribbons in my hair. I looked like a maiden from a fairy tale, albeit one showing a bit more cleavage and leg than was normal in a fairy tale picture. 

"Wow," I breathed. Considering who had arranged this, I knew what was going to happen next. 

Or, at least, I thought I did, until I heard the music. It was, like the dress and my hair, pure fairy tale. It was coming from my living room. I opened the bathroom door. 

The lights were off, and the brownies and goblin thing were gone. Candles glowed in the corners and on my coffee table. The music was coming from a spirit drifting near my ceiling fan, radiating contentment and smooth chocolate. 

A trail of rose petals led from the bathroom door to my bedroom. I followed them, hovering between amusement, pleasure, and apprehension. "Disney ain't got nothing on this," I muttered. 

The sex spirit waited for me above my bed. Red rose petals shone in the candlelight against pure white sheets. Before today, most of my sheets had been secondhand grey, except for one set that was plaid. I wondered where all this stuff was coming from. I didn't own candles, either, and I certainly didn't have hundreds of rose petals lying around. 

I lay down on the bed, wondering how I was going to undo the dress in the back. When I began to fumble with the ties, gentle tendrils of hazy spiritstuff pushed my hands aside. My bodice was unlaced to bare my breasts, and the spirit caressed them and fondled my nipples. I moaned as I felt something like a mouth suck on each of them while something like a tongue flicked the tips. 

This continued until I was gasping with desire. Then, after pressing a gentle kiss on my lips, never releasing my nipples, the spirit lifted my skirt. 

I wore no underwear. I'd decided when putting on the dress that my granny panties just didn't fit with the outfit. The lifting of my skirt bared my mound, covered in fuzz. The spirit trailed tendrils from my knees to my mons. Then, gently, he pulled my pussy lips apart, baring the tender pink interior. 

Another mouth fastened around my clit. The tongue caressed it, and then began giving it the same swift, flicking treatment as my nipples. 
