 I met my wife just over a year before we said our vows, and I still remember how gorgeous she was back then. She was working as a cart-girl on my local golf course, earning extra money to manage the expenses her scholarship didn't cover. 

We heard her cart pulling up as we were getting ready to tee off, and she waited patiently while we tried to flex our golfing muscles, proving we were all alpha males. Between the four of us, we didn't have a single good shot. Two were bad-but-playable, one was OB, and one didn't even make it past the ladies' tee. Unfortunately, that was my shot.

"Isn't there some rule about not making it past the forward tee?" she asked with a wicked smile. 

If you're not a golfer, falling short of the ladies' tee is called a "dink-out", and you're supposed to play with your pecker swinging in the breeze until you eventually make it past the pink markers. A rule that dates back to a time when women weren't allowed in the clubhouse.

I laughed with her, but since I'm allergic to sexual harassment lawsuits, I chose not to follow the optional rule. 

"I'm not that easy - if you want to see me naked, you've got to buy me dinner first," I told her.

Without a word and without breaking eye contact, she reached into her cart and pulled out a roast beef sandwich. Her evil grin got bigger and she tossed it to me. My group was laughing and applauding her bravada, but she just kept smiling at me, an expectant look in her eyes. I can't be certain, but I think it was the twinkle in her eye as she laughed at me that was my first step towards falling for her. Who wouldn't fall in love with a girl like that?

I caught the sandwich and tossed it into my cart, undid my fly and took out my little guy. I'm not shy about my body, but I'm certainly not a pornstar. I'm grateful it was a summer day, but without any...warm-up...I wasn't going to impress anyone. I re-teed my ball, took aim, and smacked it down the center of the fairway. I'd never hit the ball that well, and likely never will. It's nice when things just work out like that.

I turned to her while tucking myself in my pants and said, "Since you bought me lunch and you've seen me naked, etiquette dictates it's my turn to take you out for dinner. Tomorrow night at eight. Where should I pick you up?" 

She ignored the cheers and catcalls from my friends, and still with that delicious smile, beckoned me over. 

She asked for my phone and entered her information before saying, "Text me tomorrow and I'll let you know where I am. Let's have some fun."

That was over ten years ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.

***

 

We met and had dinner and a great night that ended with a hot make-out session in my car, in her parents' driveway. The rest of the week we were inseparable. We were young and full of passion, and each time we got together things got hotter. A week after our first meeting, we'd had as much over-the-clothes action as possible, and I wanted to move things to the next level. 

"My roommate's out and won't be back for the rest of the week. Let's go back to my place," I suggested while kissing her neck and nuzzling her ear. My hands were roaming over her body, memorizing each bump and curve with my fingertips. 

"I can't, Matt..." she said as she turned her neck to give me more access to her sensitive skin.

"It's OK, Jules, we'll go slow, and you can stop whenever you want," I replied.

"It's not that I don't want to, because I do. I really want to, but I promised," she moaned as my hand slipped under her blouse and moved up the soft skin of her belly before finding her sensitive nipples, "I'm still a virgin."

I laughed, thinking she was just kidding, but quickly shut up when I realized she wasn't laughing with me. I ran my fingers through her hair as we sat in the car, and told her it was fine. I wasn't a virgin, but I could count my conquests on one hand and still have enough fingers left to awkwardly abuse myself. 

"I promised my parents I'd save myself for marriage. We're not super-religious or anything, it's just that they want me to finish school and enjoy life before I shoot out a kid. My two older sisters were both pregnant before they were 19, and while I know they love their kids, they're still stuck with looking after them. Neither is with the kids' father anymore, which isn't really a big surprise," she said.

"Personally, I'd rather be an aunt than a mom," she continued, "So I didn't think the promise would be too difficult to keep. I dated a bit before and after high school, and there were lots of guys willing to help fix my virginity problem, but none of them seemed worth it. Until I met you. There was something about you, and I was ready to rip my clothes off and mount you right there on the golf course," she said as she blushed and looked away.

"It's probably best you didn't - my score was bad enough. I'm not sure I could have handled the extra strokes," I joked.

She smiled and took my hand, caressing it with hers. She looked back and into my eyes, "The thing is, I like you Matt. A lot. I want to go back with you to your dorm and rip off our clothes and do everything I've ever read about or seen, but I won't break my promise. I know they'd probably never know, but I think it would break my parents' hearts. I'm not a kid anymore, and if I commit to something, I go all in. I don't do anything halfway, and never leave anything undone. 

I paused for a moment and then took her hand in mine, looking her in the eyes as I said, "I'm ready for you whenever you want, but I'll wait for you as long as it takes." I leaned forward and kissed her on the eyelid, then the nose, and finally on her mouth. 

She pulled me closer, rubbing her body against mine as she said, "Let's have some fun."

And we did.

I proposed to her the next day and we were married exactly a year later. We never broke her promise, but we did everything else. There's something erotic about pushing yourself to see how close you can get to the line without breaking the rules, and I know we both enjoyed every encounter along the way.

***

 

Our wedding was amazing, and there's a picture of a tear rolling down my face as I saw Julia come around the corner in her white gown. I'm not sure how the photographer managed to get that, but it became an iconic image for his business, earning him a ton of cash. There's a good chance you've seen it in an ad or on a bill board; it has been used around the world. The ceremony was amazing and we were surrounded by the love and support of our friends and families.

Our wedding night had finally arrived. The reception was rocking and everyone was filled with good food and drink, but Julia and I snuck out to start our own party. We embraced the whole way back to the room, rubbing and kissing in all the right spots, and after we entered the room, Julia pushed me away and took a step back. She unzipped the hidden fastener and the white gown dropped to the floor. She stood before, me wearing a silk bustier, thigh-high nylons, and lace gloves that came up to her biceps. She stepped out of the pile of fabric lying gathered on the floor, and brought a gloved hand to her mouth. I saw her talented tongue snake out and dance around her finger as she took the delicate fabric in her teeth, pulling the glove off before doing the same to its partner. Her nylons were next, and soon my blushing bride was standing in front of me wearing nothing but a bustier and a smile.

"Let's have some fun," I said as I opened my arms and invited her to me. 

She walked across the room to stand in front of me, and began unbuttoning my shirt. We enjoyed a slow and passionate kiss as her fingers worked their way down my chest. I felt my cummerbund fall to the floor, and then she was massaging me through the fabric of my pants. I'd thought I was as hard as possible when I saw her in just the bustier, but now that we were moments away from finally completing the act, I was rock hard. Diamond hard. I could have used Admiral Winky as a baseball bat to win a homerun championship. 

Jules undid my trousers and let them fall, and then took me in her hands, stroking me as we continued our kiss. I scooped her up in my arms and carried her to the bed. 

"Are you OK with this, or do you want to wait a bit longer?" I asked.

"I've been ready for this since we met last year, and it's just about the only thing I've been thinking about this week. I want you in me now, and then we can play around after - but I need to feel you. Now," she replied, her voice husky and firm.

I lay her on her back and tested her with a finger. She was dripping wet and trembling. I positioned myself above her, and then remembered something a former lover had told me.

"You climb on top of me - that way you can control everything. It's going to hurt for a second, but it should feel better after that," I said.

We switched places so that I was on my back and Julia maneuvered into position above me. Balancing herself with her feet against my hips, she took me in her hand before sliding the head of my cock against her labia. Julia was on the pill, something to do with irregular woman-issues, but it meant we didn't have to worry about condoms. I could feel her wetness against the swollen head of my cock, and did everything I could to avoid thrusting into her. Once the tip was thoroughly coated with her juices, she slid me inside. She felt amazing, and I let her continue to control the speed. An inch or so in, and I felt what I assume was her hymen. It gave a bit of resistance, but then Jules gritted her teeth and pushed herself down on my cock. She winced, but only for a moment, and once I as all the way in, she stopped for a moment before starting to reverse direction. Soon she was bouncing with the rhythm, sliding me into her slowly at first, but speeding up quickly.

"Oh god, it's better than I expected. You feel so good in me," she said.

"Damn Jules, I don't think I'm going to last long. You're so tight and feel so good," I replied. The combination of the perfect friction with the anticipation of the big day, and I was on a hair-trigger, ready to blow in no time.

"Cum in me - cum deep inside me," she hollered, still bouncing up and down.

Two minutes later I felt the familiar tickle in my balls, and a few seconds after I felt the first jet of cum leave me and enter her. Her eyes grew large as I continued to spurt, and she looked down at me and started to laugh before collapsing on me. We were a sweaty, sticky mess, and we were in love. 

And that was the start of our marriage. In the time we spent together, we explored each other fully. Toys and techniques, safe words and taboos. If one of us learned of something new, we couldn't wait to get home and try it with the other. As long as we were pleasuring each other, we were happy, and for the next ten years we were very happy. The only thing we didn't do was include others in our fun. I had no desire to be with another woman; my wife was everything I could dream of, and from what she tells me, she never strayed either. 

***

 

On March 13, 2013 at 3:35pm, my wife was killed in a car accident.

It was a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. She was chatting with me on the phone, telling me about the naughty things she had in store for me that night. She'd just picked up a new toy and was in a hurry to get home and try it out before I got home from work. She was walking across the crosswalk and a white sedan mowed her down, knocking her out of her boots. The doctors tell me she didn't feel a thing, as she was probably gone before she hit the ground. They think the driver had a stroke before losing control of the car. An act of God, is what they said. 

At the time, I thought it was the end of my world. 

***

 

A few weeks after the funeral, Jules came to me in a dream, but it felt much more real. I felt her enter the bed and snuggle up beside me. Her hands roamed my body, and I responded to her familiar touch. 

"Do you miss me?" she asked.

"So much," I managed to choke out.

"Would you like me to stay and play? I can, if you'd like," she said as her hands trailed south. "Oh, feels like someone wants some attention!" she giggled and flashed that devilish grin. I think that's what I missed the most about her being gone. That sexy smile was always so inviting, and wasn't for anyone but me. 

She climbed on top of me, and guided me into her before slowly sliding down on my shaft. I could feel her weight against me, her wetness surrounding me. Her hair tickled my nose as she looked at what she was doing. She loved to watch me sliding into her, and I loved watching her watch it happen. This was the most real dream I'd ever had. I could feel the sweat on my skin and smell the aroma of our mingling juices.

"How is this possible?" I asked her.

"Just lay back and relax. It can only happen once like this, but I'm not leaving you. Ever," she answered.

I relaxed and let her do what I knew she was so good at, and in a few moments we came together. We often would, since we both knew how to bring each other to the brink quickly and easily. The ecstasy subsided and we embraced. I felt my member softening, and soon it popped out of her with a wet blurp that always made her laugh.

"I don't understand how you can be here," I said.

"It's what I wanted. I asked if it was possible, and I think I found a way to make us both happy," she replied. "This was the last time I can be with you as me, but it's not the last time we can make love. There is another way, but only if you want to."

"Of course - you know I can't say no to you," I said.

"Now that I've crossed over, I was given the choice to stay with you or to go on to Heaven. Obviously, I chose you. I don't know all the rules yet, but I can temporarily take over another person's body."

"Jesus - did you find the Handbook for the Recently Deceased or something?" I joked; Beetlejuice had been a favorite movie of ours. 

Julia laughed and said, "Nope, but there are others on this side and they've told me what I can and can't do. Basically, as long as I'm not hurting anyone I can do pretty much whatever I want with their body, but only for a few hours. I can't make them do something they wouldn't want to do, and I can't take over a body permanently to live with you for the rest of your life. But, we can still have fun together, and that's much better than being apart until you get your cute little ass over to this side." 

"I don't understand - hhhhow? How is this possible?" My mind was fried by the concept, but my heart was assuring me that this was truly my Jules. 

"Rest baby, you'll see. I've got to go now, but I will see you soon. I promise," she whispered.

As her voice trailed off, I pulled the covers over me to replace the warmth of her body leaving me, and fell asleep a few seconds later.

***

 

I woke up the next morning and climbed out of bed to answer the call of nature. My dream of Jules came flooding back, and I had to pull it together so I didn't end up a bawling mess on the bathroom floor. She was gone; it was just my mind playing tricks on me. But it had felt so real.

The doorbell rang. I splashed a bit of water on my face to freshen up before putting on a pair of pants and a shirt. 

I opened the door to see Christina on my front porch, a steaming bundle of goodies hidden in a picnic basket. She looked at me and then without a word gave me a big hug.

"You look like shit - how are you holding up?" she asked.

"Not gonna lie, it's tough," I replied, "but I'm doing it."

Christina had been our neighbor for the past five years. She was a great neighbor to have, and we'd spent many Friday nights at her house or ours, draining bottle after bottle of wine. She'd been divorced for a couple of years before we moved in, and often regaled us with her torrid dating stories. Julia and I both loved her dearly, and it was no surprise that she was here this morning to check in on me. 

She pushed her way past me, saying she needed to serve my breakfast while it was still warm. I knew better than to question her, so I poured us each a coffee and did my best to stay out of her way. She put a couple of fresh muffins with a generous dollop of butter on a plate in front of me, and as I munched them she whipped up a breakfast big enough to feed a small army. It wasn't long before I was in front of a plate of eggs and hashbrowns, homemade toast and jelly, and half a package of perfectly-cooked bacon. My Jules was many things, but a good cook she wasn't. Early in our relationship, we figured out where our strengths were and took those roles. I liked to cook and didn't do a terrible job of it, and she was great at cleaning, and hardly ever yelled at me for leaving my dirty clothes around the house. Someone else making breakfast for me in my own kitchen was a nice treat, and between the amazing aromas and my dream-state escapades, I was starving. 

Christina and I chatted while she served and while we ate. She was determined to make sure I was taken care of, and wasn't going to let my objections stop her. I was grateful for her concern and enjoyed the conversation. After breakfast, I helped clean up. Once everything was straightened away, we went to the porch to chat for the rest of the morning.

She told me about her most recent dating sagas, the bullshit going on in her office, and the constant calls about me and Julia, with everyone asking what they can do to help. 

"I told them you just needed some space for now, but in a month or so you'd be ready to"

And then she stopped, mid-sentence.

She shook her head, as if to clear it, and then blinked a few times before looking back at me.

"Are you OK, Christina?" I asked her.

A smile crept onto her face. A devilish smile. Jules' smile. She answered, "Oh, yes, Lover. I'm perfectly OK. Let's go back inside and have some fun."

Dumbstruck, I followed Christina into my living room. She turned and beckoned to me, the same way Jules had the first time I'd met her. 

I froze. This wasn't possible, was it? Was this some elaborate ploy of Christina's to see if I was...what? Distraught? Horny? Batshit crazy?

"You know it's me, don't you, Lover?" This was more of a statement than a question, and she was undressing as she spoke. "I told you last night, I can do this for a little while. I figured you'd be happy I chose Christina. I know you've appreciated her curves since we moved in. Now's our chance to enjoy them."

It was Christina's voice, but it was definitely Jules speaking, and here she was, stark naked in my living room.

Christina came to me, and we kissed. I could taste the menthol cigarette she had before coming over, and the firmness of her collagen enhanced lips. Jules whispered into my ear, "It's OK - it's still me, just a different body."

And that's all it took. I ravaged her in Christina's body, exploring the new erogenous zones and experimenting to find out what worked best. Jules knew how to guide me to what she liked, but this body was new to both of us and we took our time exploring. Our foreplay covered everything as I licked and sucked every inch of Christina, savoring the new tastes and smells. It wasn't long before I heard her exclaim, "I'm so wet; it feels like a fucking river between my legs. Fuck me now, Matt."

Since we knew Christina practiced safe sex, I slipped on a rubber - conveniently found in her purse - and then entered her, sliding in an inch at a time. Christina moaned in pleasure and I was right there with her. She wasn't as tight as Jules, but she still felt amazing, and I was ready to explode in no time.

"Woah, slow down there, tiger - I'm not there yet," she said. Jules knew me well enough to know how close I was to cumming, so I slowed down and followed her lead. 
