 Zhartha looked once again at the compartments that housed each of the specimens. He had managed to recreate the furniture he had observed in the female specimen's dreams; a four poster bed. Since the male specimen had not dreamed of a bed in the days following his sequencing, Zhartha created the same type of bed for him as well. 

"Activate brain monitors and set for continuous data recording," spoke Zhartha.

The female specimen had been fitted with an "X" shaped harness around her breasts and chest to support her spine when she stood or sat up. He was quite pleased with her appearance. He pressed a button on the console and a small hissing sound could me heard as the gas entered the compartment. He stood and watched; waiting for the specimen to regain consciousness.

Laura opened her eyes and looked at the unfamiliar surroundings. She felt the harness against her chest and raised her hands to her breasts; 'no not hers' she panicked; her breasts weren't this big, but now they were. Fear and panic swept through her brain and body; she tried to find a way to remove the harness. Her head snapped up when she heard him speak.

"It cannot be removed; your struggles are in vain," said Zhartha.

He was tall; had to be at least seven foot she guessed. Everything on him was proportionately large; head, hands and feet.

"Who are you?! What have you done to me?!" she cried.

Zhartha stepped closer, "My name is Zhartha and I'm an observer; I guess on your world I'd be known as a scientist. As to what I have done to you; well let's just say that I've prepared your body for an experiment."

Laura started to cry in fear and once again looked down at her breasts; they were huge. They felt hard and firm, but were the size of cantaloupes. 

Zhartha continued, "The harness is there to support your spine. Your DNA has been sequenced to accommodate my larger frame. You are to be impregnated to see if a blending of our two species is viable."

He moved over to another door in the compartment, "I have provided you with a chamber for body waste removal. I am not familiar with the procedure for your species; you will have to instruct me on what is needed."

He moved back to the compartment's door, "I will bring nourishment for your consumption in a short while. You might wish to move about and familiarize yourself since you will be here quite a long time." Zhartha left and sealed the compartment. He walked down to the male specimen's compartment.

Laura cried for a long time; prisoner and to be impregnated. She felt like she was a lab rat in one of her own experiments. Her brain finally accepted the situation; after all, she was a scientist herself. 'Hunter becomes the hunted' she thought or in her case 'the experimenter becomes the experiment'. She had no idea where she was at, but concluded that it was not Earth; she would have to see his experiment to the conclusion.

After a while, she felt the urge to pee so she swung her legs off the bed and swayed trying to regain her balance; she wasn't use to her breasts. The harness automatically strengthened her frame providing support for her back and breasts. She scooted down to the end of the bed and held on to it to the mattress stand. She walked around the edge of the bed to make sure she could walk without falling over. 

Laura made her way to the side door and looked around; it just seemed like an empty room to her. "How do I pee?" Laura spoke to at least hear her own voice.

"Rephrase question," a voice from some unknown place said.

Laura did an intake, "Who are you?"

"Computer Automated System, rephrase question."

Laura thought for a moment, "How do I eliminate body waste from kidneys?"

A panel on the wall lit up, "Press panel. Place receptacle around elimination site. Replace receptacle when finished."

Laura proceeded over to the panel and placed her hand against it. The panel slid open to reveal the 'receptacle' attached to some kind of hose. To her it looked like something an astronaut might use in space. She followed the instructions and placed it between her legs and up against her body; her urine was sucked into the hose. She then replaced the receptacle back inside the panel.

"How do I clean myself?" Laura asked.

Another panel was lit on the wall and she pressed it. A clear cylinder appeared from the side, "Stand in chamber and attached hands on placements" the CAS instructed.

Laura hesitated, but then did as instructed. She felt something invisible hit her body and she blacked out. When she came to, Zhartha was sitting next to her on the bed.

"That's better; very unfortunate," he commented.

"What happened?" asked Laura.

"Sonic cleaner; I had not reprogrammed it for humans. I have done so now. You are more intelligent than I had suspected. You figured out much without my instruction," said Zhartha. He ran his hand over her breast and pinched her nipple. 

Laura shut her eyes and moaned excited by his touch. She could feel the dampness between her legs and it surprised her. 'Why was his touch turning her on?' she wondered.

Zhartha had grown accustomed to touching her breasts and nipples in the days waiting for her sequencing to be completed. It stimulated him and he felt his lust rising even now. He bent over her and sucked the nipple into his mouth and delighted in the way that the female specimen was reacting. "You enjoy that?" he inquired.

Laura gasped, "Yes; yes very much, but I don't understand why I do?"

Zhartha smiled. "I will tell you female specimen if you show me what this pressing of lips mean?"

Laura looked at him questioning, "You mean a kiss. Where we put our mouths together? Your species doesn't kiss?"

Zhartha's smiled faded, "No; our females have no emotions. That is why I proposed this experiment."

Laura laid her hand over his massive hand on her breast, "My name is Laura. If I'm to be here then at least you could use my name."

Zhartha's smile returned, "Yes Laura."

"You need to bring your face closer to mine for us to kiss," she said.

Zhartha brought his face closer to Laura's. She leaned into him and pressed her lips to his; he felt a surge of sexual excitement. What she did next shocked him; she rubbed the tip of her tongue along his closed lips. He felt another surge of excitement and his organ started to engorge.

"You need to open your lips now to let my tongue in," said Laura.

"Why?" countered Zhartha.

"To complete the kiss," Laura replied.

Zhartha opened his lips and once again she pressed hers to his and put her tongue in his mouth, touching his tongue and swirling it. She was breathing harder now.

Laura broke the kiss and looked at Zhartha, "You need to reciprocate by inserting your tongue in my mouth now."

Zhartha was startled; he had never done this before, but it had increased his sexual arousal. He bent over and kissed her back in the same fashion; he was aware that his own body was responding to this stimuli. 

He broke the kiss breathing hard and sat back up, "What is purpose of kiss?" 

Laura smiled as she was breathing harder also. "It can serve many functions."

"Explain," Zhartha stated.

"Bring you face closer and I'll explain." Laura smiled.

Zhartha drew near again and the female rubbed her hands gently over the sides of his face; her touch was smooth, gentle and stimulating.

"A kiss can be in the form of a greeting," said Laura and she lightly peck his lips and then his cheek.

"It can be soothing as a parent would give a child for comfort," and she lightly kissed his forehead.

"It can be sensual for foreplay before two individuals have sex," and she turned his wrist over and gave a lingering kiss to the underside.

"Foreplay is preferred in our species to prepare our bodies for sexual intercourse," and she rose on her knees and pressed her breasts against her chest, wrapped her arms around his neck and once again kissed his lips inserting her tongue.

Zhartha was surprised by the level increase of his arousal. He had never experienced anything like it in all his life. She was stimulating him much faster than any female he had copulated with; 'note to log: active female participation increases arousal'. 

Zhartha withdrew himself and stood up looking down at the female specimen. She was having a definite profound affect on him. Then something else occurred to him, "Explain why you have accepted what has happened to you? Your species is prone to violence while in captivity."

"Not until you explain why my body is responsive to you," stated Laura. "I explained the kiss and now you explain this."

Zhartha smiled at her behavior; he wasn't use to a female talking back to him. "The DNA sequencing altered your body to respond to me. Your anatomy has been altered to fit with mine; this was the only way to ensure that you remain viable."

"Viable?" questioned Laura. "What do you mean by viable?"

"I will answer once you have answered my question," Zhartha smiled at this unique form of information exchange. He could have simply scanned her mind again.

"On my planet, Earth," started Laura, "I'm a scientist and conduct experiments using animals. I logically concluded that there was no escape and that I might as well see out your experiment to the end; even if that means my death. I also am not prone to violence."

Zhartha smiled and was genuinely delighted that his specimen was willing to cooperate. "I have no intention of terminating your life. The gestation period of our species is ...," he stopped to calculate time measured by human standards, "... approximately twenty of your human months."

"Twenty months!" exclaimed Laura. "I don't think my body could withstand that. My species gestation period is only around nine months."

"I have thought of that. The fetus shall be removed to a gestation chamber so that your body is not depleted."

Laura sighed and physically relaxed. She was afraid that if she tried to carry a baby for that length a time; it would kill her. She looked back up at Zhartha, "Is that what you meant by 'viable'; to keep me alive to keep producing babies."

"No," said Zhartha. "I can produce the fetuses without impregnating your body, but with the amount of pleasure you will be providing me, you are bound to become impregnated." His hand reached out and caressed her breast and then pinched and pulled her nipple. She moaned and pushed into his hand.

Laura felt so stimulated each time he touched her; she was quite aware now that it had to be some kind of chemical reaction. Her breathing once again became labored and the throb she felt in her pussy could not be ignored. "I need sex Zhartha. I am responding to you; feel how wet I am," and she moved his hand down to feel how much he had stimulated her.

Zhartha felt how wet and slick her entrance was. He was surprised at her acceptance of the experiment; he had found the perfect female specimen. He removed his garment and released his engorged organ. The female's eyes widened and she gasped.

"Oh my God!" exclaimed Laura, "that cock won't fit! Just how big are you?"

"Cock?" question Zhartha.

"Yes ... oh, cock, dick, penis; your reproductive organ," stated Laura.

Zhartha smiled in understanding. "You have been altered to fit my physiology. Fully engorged; my penis is twenty-four of your human inches" and he spread her legs open to allow his entrance.

He guided his organ into her opening and was excited that she was receptive. She laid her head back and raised her hips to meet his entrance. He pushed into her slowly in order to observe her responses. The female started to breathe harder and moan. As soon as he was within distance on her body, she wrapped her legs around him to draw him to her. He enjoyed this new sensation of having female participation. He started to slowly move in and out of her and then was startled and stimulated by her response.

"Harder!" screamed Laura. "Faster; fuck me harder!"

He remembered this from her dreams; 'fuck' meant to copulate. He complied and started to pound in and out of her opening hard and fast; hoping that he would not damage her. He felt her vaginal muscles constricting around his organ; pulsating and stimulating him further. He had never experienced any of this before; soon his mind forgot to observe as he felt his lust take over. 

He could feel a tightening in his major scrotum sac and then was completely unbalanced when his secondary scrotum sac tightened as well. This had never happened before; his ejaculations were always evenly spaced as were all his species. He had never heard of anyone who had both their sacs empty at the same time.

The female was holding him as tightly as she could and moaning. She was meeting his thrusts with her own. He felt her vaginal muscles clamp down against his organ and she screamed as her orgasm overtook her body. Then it happened; both his sacs emptied at the same time. Zhartha found himself vocalizing his release for the first time ever as his sperm rushed through his organ into the female. It was a completely new sensation that he didn't want to end. 

He lay on top of the female momentarily before he started to withdraw. She clung tightly to his body, "Not yet," she whispered. "Just roll so I'm on top."

He rolled slowly over so that the female was sitting astride his body with his organ still inside of her. She leaned forward to rest her breasts against his chest; breathing hard still and rubbing the top of his shoulders. "That's definitely the best fuck I've ever had. Thank you," she said. She looked up into his eyes, gave him a kiss lightly on his lips and then smiled at him.

Zhartha found himself smiling back too. He needed to process everything that had just happened. It was apparent that active female participation increased male stimulation and participation; he would need to calculate by how much. Sex would need to be repeated to see how many times a double sac release happened. Then something else happened that was new; his organ was engorging again.