 Where there is magic, there are monsters. Many live in fear of being stalked in the night, while others seek them out. Superstition and fact are often difficult to separate, and the demons who prey on human weaknesses have an easy time indulging themselves.

Special thanks to the wonderful volunteer editor stbkvln for helping me with tone, consistency, vocabulary, and so much more. Your assistance has been indispensable, and it means the world to me.

***

She strode through the forest and breathed in the scent of springtime, barely casting her awareness beyond her immediate surroundings. Hardly any other creatures warranted a second glance from her. She moved as if she owned the land beneath her feet, and each of the trees and flowers she brushed with her fingers.

Her focus was entirely dedicated to the sensations of the present, never straying to worries, memories, or abstract thought. It was an oft-practiced state of mind. She perceived only the orange waning light of day, the moist plant life brushing her skin, and the distant sounds of lesser animals bedding down for the night. The unfamiliar sensation of clothing against her skin tugged at her senses, a reminder of why she wore it: she needed to leave this place. Too many had come looking already, and with each passing day the chances increased of better-prepared hunters finding her.

The bottom of the stolen cloak snagged on a twig and broke her waking meditation. The momentary annoyance brought thoughts of other nuisances she'd soon have to deal with while on the move, but she cleared her head of all but the present once more. She nearly passed the campsite by without noticing it.

The smells of moist wood burning and cooked meat contrasted against the new greenery. She approached it with curiosity, and very little caution. As the surrounding forest dimmed and desaturated, the campfire was easy to spot in its pretty little clearing. She hadn't planned on hunting anytime soon, but certainly wouldn't turn down the opportunity if it presented itself this easily.

Her movements became silent and nearly undetectable as she drew closer, surveying the area for any threats. One bedroll, one pack, one sword, and no animals. Perfect. She then caught sight of him; her prey. A mobile, strong body moved energetically about the campsite making preparations, humming happily to himself as he did so. He seemed so carefree, so peaceful, but the appearance of his clothes and gear bespoke the time he'd been on the road. He would be easy to conquer.

She made herself known by noisily entering the clearing at the edge of the firelight, and had barely taken a second step before a sword appeared in the man's hand.

"Who goes there!" He demanded, pointing it steadily towards her.

"Calm yourself, traveller," she said smoothly, "I am no threat." Her voice, sweet as honey, was laced with enchantment. He hesitated, but did not lower his weapon. She smiled. Perhaps he'd be an unexpected challenge; a welcome reprieve from the easy marks which had been stumbling blindly into her territory the past few weeks.

He looked young, no more than thirty, yet he wore no amulet of betrothal around his neck. His clothes, though recently cleaned, showed years of hard use. As did his body. A set of light armor and a doublet laid nearby where he'd stripped them off for the night, leaving only a thin layer of clothing between him and the evening air. His stance was firm and well-practiced; his demeanor confident. The skin on his hands and neck bore several jagged scars which told of many battles fought. And that thin shirt teased at what lay beneath it. Her mouth watered. He looked delicious.

Her eyes raked over him, and then locked with his. She smiled sweetly, and saw his expression soften just the tiniest bit. That was all the opening she needed to attack. She reached up to the clasp at her throat, and in one deft motion allowed the unwelcome cloak to slip from her shoulders. She wore nothing underneath it.

She appeared young, soft, and supple. Shadows of lean muscle ran up her long legs, inviting hands to be run along them. The smooth line of her hips gleamed in the firelight, framed by long black hair that ran almost beyond them. Her face was rounded and warm, with feminine features which would look utterly harmless at first glance. But her eyes and lips held an obvious self-assurance. The longer one looked, the more it resembled a ravenous hunger. She was a wondrous sight for men to behold. She was perfect. And the way she carried herself showed that she knew it, too.

"My lady, no!" He let his sword fall from his grasp and fumbled for a blanket on the ground behind him. "You'll catch a chill!"

"Shhhh," she soothed, advancing towards him on bare feet. "The fire is plenty warm for me." She stepped over his weapon, careful not to draw his attention back to it. "You're so kind. But you worry too much." Her voice deepened considerably, woven with magic and desire. She spoke slowly, as if tasting every word on its way past her lips. He stopped fumbling with his bedroll and turned to look at her. His eyes wandered, flicking nervously as if unsure whether he should be looking at all. She heard his heartbeat quicken.

She knelt before him slowly, feeling the air between them thicken with his warm breath. When her face was level with his, he did not meet her gaze. Whether out of fear or disbelief, he was frozen and tense. Like a deer with its head up and ears pricked forward, he was trained on her, and seemed ready to flee at the slightest hint of aggression.

"How generous you are," she said in a near whisper, "offering to help a complete stranger, out of the goodness of your heart." She reached towards him in a tranquil, deliberate motion. Her fingers grazed a scar just under his jawline. "You've fought so very hard, haven't you?" Goosebumps raised along his skin as if a sudden chill had blown through him. She pressed her palm to his cheek. A rough layer of stubble met her feather-soft skin. He exhaled shakily and closed his eyes, and then leaned into her touch. She could tell it had been ages since he'd had human contact, and longer still since he'd seen anything as soft and beautiful as she.

But he didn't throw himself at her. His guard was still up, driving her mad with sudden hunger. His resistance made for a challenge, and would make the reward that much sweeter.

She took a risk. Reaching for his shoulder with her other hand, she pulled him towards her. She felt him tense under that maddeningly thin shirt, teasing her. But he didn't pull away or open his eyes. She sighed a warm breath into his ear, and stroked the scars below his jaw. He shivered. She felt the goosebumps spread all along his neck, stubble bristling beneath her palm. She breathed in his scent of leather and earth, while his skin pricked with a light sheen of sweat.

His arms slackened at his sides. She planted a kiss on his cheek, light as a snowflake drifting from the heavens. And she whispered in his ear. "Such a strong man... I want to see every inch of your strength." She kissed down to his neck, more deeply this time. The hand she'd been embracing him with moved lower down his back. "I need you", she cooed, slipping that hand under his shirt to encircle his waist. He swallowed.

"What do you need of me?" He asked, his voice hoarse and heavy. She chuckled, and began unlacing his shirt.

"Everything," she murmured.

She undid the final knot and ran her hands slowly over his chest, feeling his heartbeat quicken as if he'd sprinted to her. He was a little leaner than she'd expected, but the muscle was dense and firm to her touch. Hard lines and edges beneath surprisingly youthful skin. He sucked in a breath as she felt his scars, taking the liberty of exploring where she pleased. He was a fine specimen. A smile touched her lips as she indulged herself.

"Wait..." he croaked, "I don't..."

Before he could collect his thoughts enough to object, she interrupted him with a deep, slow kiss on the lips. He responded almost autonomically, returning the kiss and straightening. His hands finally reached for her, but jumped away when they met the bare skin of her waist, as if he'd forgotten her state of undress. He broke off the kiss and opened his eyes to meet her gaze. Apprehension and suspicion peered out at her through the lust she'd clouded his head with. What a flighty little bird he was!

"Relax," she said with a smile, "there's no need to worry." She added a dose of strong magic to the lie. His expression softened. She immediately seized the opportunity to slip his shirt from his shoulders and push against him, guiding him to the ground.

She kissed him again, and her urgency clearly showed. She allowed him no time to think or reconsider as she settled on top of him, touching her perfect form to his hard body. He again broke their kiss, but this time it was to allow an involuntary moan to escape. His hands hovered by the spot where her breasts pressed against his chest.

A single thrust of her hips elicited another moan, putting pressure on the bulge straining from within his trousers. She leaned away slightly to see his expression, and was rewarded handsomely. He was finally beginning to lose himself. His lips were parted and his jaw was slack, his eyes swirling desire and hesitation.

But something beyond his handsome face caught her eye. Nestled among his neatly unpacked gear, flickering in the dim light of the fire, was a row of dried herbs. She nearly laughed. Each of them was quite familiar to her, and she'd seen them dozens of times over the years. Humans still seemed to believe they would repel or even harm a succubus, but of course had no memory of her proving them wrong.

Her gaze returned to her captured prey. That certainly explained things. Not only had he been fearful of her, he'd been preparing for her. Perhaps he'd even intended to hunt her. Small wonder he was jumpy and tense. And look at all the good it's done him, she thought to herself. The predator had the young hunter cornered and vulnerable, bending his will and breaking his convictions.She went in for the kill.

She sat up, straddling his hips and keeping her hands on his chest to pin him to the ground. Her dark hair flowed forward over her shoulders, and traced a smooth line past her full breasts down to her thighs. The hunter's eyes followed that line, fully taking in the sight of her for the first time. His gaze nervously flicked back to her face several times, as if embarrassed to be seeing her so fully exposed. When he reached the end of the line, and saw the point where she lay astride him, he froze and stared. She allowed him to linger, and fully process that the only thing between him and her warm soft lips was a single bit of fabric. She shifted slightly, applying more pressure. The muscles in his thighs jerked in response. When she'd had her fill of toying with her meal, she continued.

She rose slightly to her knees and moved her hands down to the laces on his trousers, working quickly. It took mere seconds, but just before she finished he reached towards her hand stammering "No no, wait..." But it was too late. The moment she had his trousers open, her hand was around his cock, stroking slowly from head to base. He sucked in a breath between his teeth, and his brow furrowed. His hands remained hovering by hers, tense and unsure. But for every bit of hesitation put forth by his conscious mind, his body screamed the opposite. Yes, oh please yes, begged his throbbing cock. I need to be inside you. She ran her hand the other way and lingered around the head, in the way that nearly every man loved. The young hunter was no exception. He released his breath in a long, shuddering moan, and stared down at her hand in disbelief.

Her other hand went to work pulling down his trousers, exposing him fully. He didn't resist. She left them partially down his thighs to restrict his movement, and kept his attention on her.

"What are you doing to me?" he whispered so quietly she could barely hear him over the crackling of the fire. There was a touch of fear in his voice. She ignored his question.

"Tell me how badly you want me," she commanded in a low voice. She shifted her hips forward, poised over his cock. His breathing quickened, and he struggled to find his voice. She guided him towards her soft, wet cunt, barely touching him. "Give me your desire." She bit her lip, barely able to contain her own.

"Please," he finally said, "please it's been so long. By the gods yes, I want you more than anyth-" his words dissolved into an intense cry as she guided him inside her. His unfettered voice was music to her ears, a complete loss of conscious thought. His eyes were wide as he watched her slowly impale herself on him. And as she did so, she felt his pleasure wash over her.

Her magic reached out and retrieved his lust, felt as the physical sensation overwhelmed his senses. Everything else fell away as his mind was consumed by her. It was everything he'd ever dreamed of. She rose and fell, adoring the friction against her lips, the tightness, the hard cock thrusting into her.

His placed his palms on the front of her hips as if to stop her or push her away, but she didn't give him the chance. She guided the hunter's hands upward, leaning towards him, and placed them just below her breasts. His hands continued on their own accord, cupping them and feeling their supple bounce with every delightful movement. He bit his lip and closed his eyes, allowing his head to drop back to the ground.

She moaned softly, drinking it all in, and cast aside everything but the present; the feeling of his tense body beneath hers, the sound of his shocked moans echoing against the trees, and the pride of her conquest. Even with all his preparations, his convictions, and his apprehension, she'd taken him. She felt his surrender in the form of hips involuntarily thrusting up to meet hers, and looked down at his naked and vulnerable body. He belonged to her. He wanted nothing more. All his desires were hers now.

She quickened her pace slightly, changing her angle so that every inch of him slid into her. All the way out, and all the way in. Again and again. He struggled to remember to breathe, and his hands slid down to her hips. This time, it was to encourage her. To ask for more. With each thrust, she felt the pressure of his fingertips anticipating the next one. His brow was furrowed, and his eyes squeezed shut. His head turned to one side and he began breathing heavily, while his legs squirmed against the ground. He was close.

She allowed his cock to slide almost the entire way out of her, and then stopped. He shouted in frustration and scrambled to push downward on her thighs, his eyes wide with panic. He desperately tried to raise his hips up, but she pinned him in place with a hand on his belly.

"Beg for it," she wanted to say. But before she could, he complied.

"No no no, don't stop! Please I'll do anything! I need it." She cocked a smile. "By the gods, I want to be inside you more than I've wanted anything before..." he squirmed and moaned. He looked up at her, a piercing hunger in his eyes. "Please, I beg of you..." He lost his words and dissolved into whimpers. How sweet they were. She didn't even need to say anything or enchant him further; he gave her everything she wanted. She remained still for only a breath or two more, but to him it felt like an eternity. The tip of his cock just barely sheathed in her lips, practically pulsing with his heartbeat. And then she obliged him, resuming the same pace and intensity.

He cried out, and his head jerked back. His hands tensed and his neck and abdomen twitched with each of her thrusts. She tensed and tightened herself, overwhelming him and pushing him to the edge. His back arched, and his moans dissolved into gasps. Until, with a sudden and shuddering cry, he gave her what she wanted. She felt the pleasure wash over them both in waves, more intense than she'd braced for. His cock twitched inside her with each wave, filling her with warmth. His hands held her to him with a firm grip, but she continued for a few thrusts more, watching him convulse with each one. His entire body shook, and then collapsed. He released his breath with a shivering sigh. She allowed herself a moment to savor the feeling of being filled to her core; of having her appetite sated so fully.

She leaned forward and whispered rapidly into his ear, feeling the heat radiating from his skin. All his muscles slackened, and his head lolled to the side as her magic put him to sleep. She finally relaxed herself, inhaling deeply and basking in the shimmering aftermath of sensation. She straightened and looked upon the young man. His face, now peaceful and content, had been exceptional when contorted with ecstasy. She might even remember this one, and seek him out again.

She went about tidying the campsite and laying him to rest in his bedroll, making it seem as if she'd never been there. It was a shame that his deep sleep would not be restful that night; he would awaken exhausted and sore, drained of energy. For she'd taken from him more than just his seed. She had stolen his passion and pleasure; drained his ability to feel as he had felt with her. Though he might seek the company of other women in the future, he would never again find it satisfying. They would always be insufficient in comparison.

Perhaps he, like a few others, would seek her out again willingly.

***

Comments and messages are welcome. Any feedback you can provide would be lovely. What did you enjoy? What do you hope to see more of?

Chapter 2 will be posted within a week.