 To all my sci fi readers, thank you for your emails of encouragement regarding this story. I hope that you will enjoy Chapter 2 as much as you did Chapter 1.

======================

Zhartha was busy navigating through the dense atmosphere of the planet that he had chosen to perform the necessary experiments. Its atmosphere was poisonous to him as well as the human subjects, but his laboratory was deep below its surface. Once his ship entered the huge artificial caravan created for docking, he set the computer to automatically guide and land the vehicle. He went to check on his specimens.

He enter the room marked: "SPECIMAN: MALE" and checked the monitor for vital functions. He saw that the specimen's penis was in an erect state and the male was humping as in copulating. He had not bothered to scan this specimen's brain; only concentrating on that of the female. He smiled slightly and proceeded to switch the brain monitor on to observe the male's dream.

Much in the same way as that of the female, the male was dreaming that he was copulating except this specimen was engaged with another male much to Zhartha's surprise. 'A flaw,' he noted to himself of himself. He should have checked this specimen's brain monitor during the trip. Then a smile crossed his face and he made a decision; he would alter the male's anatomy also.

"Retrieval," said Zhartha and a cylinder lowered from the ceiling. This would be his first of many collections from this specimen.

"Prepare to collect ejaculate of specimen," ordered Zhartha.

The retrieval unit slowly lowered over the human's penis and then slowly squeezed to almost a vacuum tight seal.

"Start slow pauses gradually increasing in increment until specimen releases," ordered Zhartha while he still observed the specimen's dream. 

The male was now entering the rectum of another male who, in turn, was masturbating. He observed that the specimen's hips were thrusting in time with his entry into the other male's rectum.

"Arghhh," vocalized the male and began to release his sperm into the cylinder. 'It would seem that this species vocalizes release,' thought Zhartha and added that to his memory for later recording.

"Store sample and mark date of collection; keep viable," he ordered and the retrieval unit disappeared above.

Zhartha reached out his hand and cupped the specimen's scrotum; the male moaned. He softly squeezed and the male thrust upward. He released his sperm sacs, but was fascinated with the anatomy. He and all other males of his species had four and humans only had two; just another difference to note for later record. 

"Probe," said Zhartha and the probe lowered from the ceiling, "scan specimen's rectum for measurement."

The probe lowered and inserted into the specimen's bottom. The monitor now showed that the specimen was being taken in his own rectum by another male; the specimen moaned.

"Measurements completed," replied the probe.

"Prepare and inject specimen with DNA sequence to accommodate the entry of a Lithithiam penis," stated Zhartha. "Record all data and inform of specimen's estimated completion time." The specimens would remain on board until sequencing was completed.

He turned and left to check on the other specimen.

The female had already been injected with a slight DNA variance that would change her vaginal opening and walls, uterus and breasts to accommodate the experiment Zhartha had planned. Of course she would be impregnated with his sperm, but what he didn't state to the High Council was that he was planning on doing it himself.

He noted without objectivity, but more of with lust, was how large her breasts had grown. They were nearly twice their original size yet remained quite firm. He stroked a finger over her nipple and it became hard and erect. 

He could feel his own penis responding to the simple stimuli, but he would have to wait until all modifications were completed. He noted that she would need to be fitted in a chest harness to keep her back erect now that her breasts were enlarged.

"Docking completed," the computer stated in Zhartha's earpiece.

"Proceed to lower sections, seal and vent chambers," ordered Zhartha. 

He returned his attention back to the female and slowly slid his hand over her flat stomach. The DNA sequencing was still in progress on her lower sections, but her breasts were complete. He cupped one between his massive hands and smiled knowing they were going to give him great pleasure. Whether or not she received pleasure was of no consequence, but he thought that she just might.

Zhartha flipped on the brain monitor and observed while he manipulated her breasts. The monitor revealed that a man was engaged with massaging her breasts; which subconsciously were still their prior small size. As he observed the male on the monitor, Zhartha started to squeeze her breasts and then proceeded to pinch her nipples and tug them up from her body. The specimen moaned in great pleasure and her breathing increased.

The male bent over and started to suck at her nipples in earnest; Zhartha emulated the scene. His own lust was building and he opened his robe to release his penis. His own penis was still not completely engorged with blood, but stood at twenty inches. He started to masturbate to help relieve some of the lust that had been building. 

He spread his legs to give his double-stacked scrotum the freedom to swing and sway with his thrusts; their rubbing and banging against each other adding to stimulate him further. The more he squeezed and sucked the female's breasts, the more his own hips thrust out into the empty air.

Zhartha let go of her breasts and concentrated on his own relief. It took him twenty minutes to masturbate the first ejaculation from his first set of scrotum and another twenty minutes for the second set. His ejaculate lay pooled on the floor while his penis started to shrink back into its softened shape.

"Sanitize," he said and a machine whirred into motion across the floor. Soon there was no evidence of what had transpired. He gave on last pinch of her nipple and left the room.