 Shiel crept quietly through the ruins, guided only by the light of her thieves' lantern. The narrow beam of light only illuminated a small portion of the floor in front of her, but it was enough for the eighteen-year old thief to make her way without stumbling.

She had learned about the ruins only recently. It had cost her several gold pieces, but if the information was sound, she was sure to find a good haul in the old castle. Rumors of it being haunted caused her to snicker to herself once more.

Few thieves bothered with places rumored to contain ghosts or specters, but she had never put much faith in such rumors. There was no such thing as a ghost, after all. It was just a story parents used to frighten their naughty children.

An owl screeched overhead, and the young girl froze in place for several long moments, listening intently to her surroundings. Not a sound came from the ruins, and so she continued in her slow trek towards the tower where the lord and lady were supposed to have dwelt.

Overhead the sky was dark and filled with flitting shapes, but she paid no attention to them. She had never been afraid of bats. Besides, they'd be out in the sky hunting while she prowled through their lair.

It was small work squeezing into the entry of the tower, and then she was climbing the stairs, moving eagerly. The rumor she had spoke of a hidden chest of jewels in the bedroom, though it wasn't specific on where exactly they might be.

Normally she would have ignored such a flimsy rumor, but the promise of such wealth, coupled with the rumor going around about the haunting of the place, had lured her in.

As she approached the door leading to the master's chamber, she nearly fell backwards in shock as a light suddenly came from the door. Swallowing, she crept forward, cursing the fact that someone else had beaten her to the score.

The door was slightly open, and Shiel pressed herself close to it, tilting her head to gaze through. Her eyes widened and she had to stifle a gasp. A ghostly woman was sitting on the edge of the bed, looking every bit the part of a wealthy noblewoman.

As Shiel watched, frozen in place, the woman began to remove her silken gown, revealing plump breasts and a pert bottom over her stockings. Shiel swallowed as a blush crept up her cheeks. She wanted to pull away, but was held spellbound by the ghostly drama laid out before her.

A man was coming into view now, presumably the late lord of the castle, and he was as naked as the woman. His erect member bobbed slightly as he approached her, and she slid off the bed to her knees, her hands slipping up his thighs to caress him.

Shiel drew in a ragged breath as the woman opened her mouth and ran her silken tongue across the head of his cock, tickling across his glans. His mouth opened to moan, but no sound came from his lips.

Soon the woman's head was bobbing on the man, pausing from time to time to run her tongue up and down his shaft. Shiel slid to the stone floor and buried her fingers beneath her soft clothing, unable to resist slipping a finger into herself as she watched.

A soft moan came from her lips as she felt how wet she was, and soon her finger was slipping across her sensitive clit as she kept her eyes glued to the bedchamber.

The man helped the lady to her feet, and then lay upon the bed. The woman giggled silently and climbed on to straddle his face, affording Shiel a perfect view of her swollen sex, her fingers spreading herself open to his eyes.

Shiel panted and let out a moan as she watched his tongue go up and lick across those wet lips, so much like her own. She scooted up and pushed down her leggings, feeling the cold stone upon her ass as she spread her legs and began to finger herself earnestly.

She licked her lips and reached up to clutch at her breast, squeezing it roughly, like the man was now doing to the woman, while his face pressed into her groin. His tongue flickered as it stroked across her lips and then buried up within her hot tunnel. 

Shiel had to bite her lip hard as the orgasm tore threw her, causing her body to shake and buck off the floor. Her breath came in soft pants as she continued to softly tease her clit with her moist fingers.

The woman was laying back on the man, her breasts heaving as she panted out, seemingly with her own orgasm. His tongue never slowed until finally she slid away from his eager mouth, giving him a playful slap on the chest.

It wasn't but a moment before they were at it again, with the woman bent over the edge of the bed. The man took his place behind her, and Shiel leaned closer to the door, watching the woman's eyes glaze as his erect cock slid into her, splitting her pussy open and making her body shudder.

As the girl slid her finger's down to toy with herself once more, the woman lay pressed into the bed, her ass wiggling in the air and rocking slightly with every forceful thrust of her partner.

Shiel lifted her breast to her lips and bit on her nipple, squealing slightly as her fingers buried within her moist slit, her toes flexing and digging into her soft boots as her body began to tremble again.

As the couple in the bedchamber continued their ghostly lovemaking, the young girl climaxed a second time, soaking her fingers with her fluids. She stared blankly into the room as the man pulled himself from his wife and rolled her to her back, straddling her and coating her face and lips with silvery ropes of his semen.

As she began to lick him clean, the pair faded, bathing the room once more in darkness. Shiel drew in a breath, thrilled and excited at what she had witnessed.

She stood and slowly pulled her leggings up, shivering at the feel of her juices as they coated her thighs. She started to enter the chamber, but bit her lip.

She shook her head and started back down the tower. As she reached the bottom she turned to glance up into the darkness, and a smile curled her lips. She couldn't wait to see if the show continued tomorrow night...