 *****
I am an Indian guy married for 7 years. I had written this story for my wife Avanti. This story was the beginning of some very exciting things that have happened in our sex life.
*****

The year is 2112 AD.

Humans have made great strides in technologies around space exploration and have found 2 planets that have life on them. While the form of life on one planet is pretty basic (micro-oraganisms with one or 2 cells), the other planet - Parnova, has life in forms that are closer to what is there on earth. 

Parnova is a lot like earth, with water, plants, trees, animals and the most advanced of all species on Parnova - Navis (No tails as shown in the movie). Navis, though as intelligent as humans, have not yet interfered much with nature on their planet.

It has only been 5 years since humans landed on Parnova and started exploring and discovering things about the planet and life on it. United Nations Space Exploration Organization is running various programmes that aim at helping the Navis make their lives better. The UNSEO wanted the human civilazation and Navi civilization to establish a synergistic relationship. 

On Earth, colleges and universities have started courses that teach all that is known about Parnova. These courses have become a great rage among the youth all across the globe. A career in any of the programs run by UNSEO for Parnova is a very lucrative job, for which only the brightest are selected from the best of educational institutions. 

You, Avanti Patel, a 22 years old girl from India, have become the first from your country to be selected for one of the projects to be executed on Parnova. You're one of the 15 girls on the project that will be kick-started in the US. The relentless media coverage has made you almost a celebrity back home.

For the training, you land in USA, which still is the most powerful nation in the world. You are stunned by the beauty of each of the 15 girls selected from across the globe. You had expected geeky looking girls and were confident that you would definitely stand out with your near perfect figure and good looks. But each of the 15 girls is equally good looking if not better. 

For months the group of girls is taught about different life forms of Parnova, the constituents of its atmosphere, the weather changes. Each of you also undergoes strict physical training. Apart from written tests and physical tests you also have weekly medical check-ups. At the end of the training, 5 are selected to be the first ones who will set foot on Parnova and you're really happy to be one of the 5. All girls, including the ones who couldn't make it, are curious about the selection criteria but nothing is disclosed.

Finally the day arrives when you leave for Parnova and join the human task force that has been stationed their for 2 years. The space shuttle takes around a week to get to Parnova.

The other girls pull your legs a bit for being very excited as you are the only one with no experience of travelling in space. 

When the shuttle lands you find the place absolutely stunning. It appears to be straight out of a fairy tale picture book. The girls are taken around the huge human work station that had been put up. The work station was hidden from Navis and all humans were to be confined to the boundaries of the station, only exception being the Navi avatars that the humans drive.

The next day, all 5 of you are shown the avatars. Having watched videos and pictures of Navi women during your prep course was one thing but these avatars are the most beautiful that the girls have ever seen.

The girls are all awestruck & almost breathless at seeing the most gorgeous creatures. Each of the 5 girls is assigned one avatar. All agree that it is your avatar that is looking the sexiest. Her blue skin has a sheen on it. The body is more curvaceous than the average Na'vi woman and yet looks very athletic with a narrow waist and never-ending toned legs.

You're then shown the avatar interface pods. You have to enter these and wear the brain reader which carries signals to and fro between the brain of the human driver and the avatar. You are asked to practice getting into the Avatar interface Pod. It is told that once the avatars are activated control over your thought process will prove to be very difficult. You will be reacting to the signals that the avatar's body sends to your brain and these signals may be very different, much more intense, much more weird than what you have experienced as a human.

You practice moving around the avatars inside the human station. You liven up your avatar and are really enjoying walking around in that amazingly hot body. Though Navis are bigger than humans, they are much lighter and stronger. They can leap high into the air and stay mid-air for a good 15-20 seconds. Gravitational force of Parnova is 2/3rd of earth's gravity.

The day you're about to be set free as the Avatar, the instructor (38 yrs old lady who looks much younger) speaks to the 5 of you. She tells you that once the task has begun there's no way you can opt out. The assignment is absolutely critical for the whole Pernova initiative and all the hopes rest on you 5 girls. On being asked about the details she says they will be disclosed as required. She orders all of you to enter the interface boxes.

You are told that initially you'll be able to hear the instructor's voice to navigate but only till a certain point.

*****
The Adventure Begins
*****

All 5 of you run out. Your bodies feel only about 15-20kgs due to lesser gravity. You keep telling the instructor where you have reached and keep following her directions. It's dark and will remain so... for months... as Pernova doesn't rotate... just revolves around its sun. 

All of you reach a blue pond with a lot of trees around it. You are told to enter the pool & exit from the opposite side. The liquid feels cold & is viscous and thick as a light oil. Once out of it, you realize that your body is now hot. You suddenly start feeling high and very very aroused... You start feeling your breasts... the skin of the avatar is pretty different from human skin... It feels as smooth as glass with almost no friction... it does not wrinkle or move... as it is not merely a layer but a part of the tissue covering the skeleton. 

You run your hand down over your narrow waist and slide your hand over the vagina. You feel a warm jelly like secretion all around your opening. There's a sensuous sweet fragrance all around. You smell the fingers & realize that it's smell of the secretion. There's silence all over & a low humming sound is all you can hear. 

You state of arousal is just getting higher... You slide 2 of your fingers into the opening... & realize that like the clitoris in the human body there is a ring right at the opening of the vagina that is extremely erogenous. You finger-fuck yourself with the other hand moving all over your body... from face... breasts... belly... hips... inside of legs... completely oblivious of the other girls... who are pretty much in the same state... 

You have never felt so excited ever before. There is some similarity between the Navi sexual experience and the human one, but this one is much more intense. 

You kneel down while doing yourself & soon are lying belly down... writhing... moaning... with one hand between the legs... rubbing the clitoral ring and the opening. You slide forward slowly... moaning... & gasping... Suddenly you feel something cold come in contact with your shoulder... It's a tree... that has very few leaves left on it and has gone grey with only a few patches of green. The trunk of the tree is like that of a banana tree... 

You crawl up the tree trunk... that feels cold... bringing your neck, your breasts, your belly, the vagina and the insides of your legs in full contact with it... You badly need something to fill up your vagina and fuck you hard... The cold smooth hard trunk pressed against your feverishly hot body excites you even more... 

You start rubbing your whole self against the trunk... smearing it with the jelly like secretion from your pussy... the pace of your pelvis sliding up and down keeps increasing... you throw back your head in ecstasy & groan aloud... with the muscles in your vagina twitching... You stand wrapped around the trunk... panting... 

You feel something cold creeping up your right leg from the roots... it looks like a leafless vine stem... with a thick girth... and a rounded end (like a thick cucumber)... it's making a vibrator-like whirring sound... with its rapid movement. In a moment the rounded end is up till your knee... Your instinct makes you feel a little scared of the moving object and you start climbing the trunk rapidly... but it keeps creeping up the tree with you at the same pace... 

The tree is very tall and you are running out of breath... The cold rounded head is now brushing against the inside of your lower thigh... Either your tiredness or your desire to feel more of this strange thing against your body is making you slow down... The head is now touching all of your right thigh... A part of you now wants to stop... and let it move all over you... you want to use it to satiate the extreme thirst for sex you are feeling inside you. 

But you still continue climbing... the end of the vine stem is now an inch away from your vaginal opening... You are now loving the vibration of the stem between your legs... As the end comes in contact with your vaginal opening you just freeze... It tears into you... stretching your cunt... making you feel completely filled... 

You let go of your arms that were around the tree... the vine sways... you are just not aware of the height at which you are... You just grab the end of the stem with both your hands as you don't want it to leave your vagina... wanting it to keep you filled forever... 

The vine slowly unwinds from the tree as it lowers & makes you sway in all directions... while you have your eyes closed... In a smooth last movement it lays you down on the ground... & starts shaking... with the end inside you... Your legs are spread apart with hands still holding the vine... wanting it to continue forever... The vine is moving with enough force to push your body upwards with every shove... making your upper body arch upwards... You're just fucked out of your senses... your vaginal muscles are clenching the head as it recedes after every shove... clenching it hard enough to pull your whole body with it... 

As you continue getting mauled by this unknown thing... you learn to match the muscle contraction with the rhythmic motion of the vine... Once the vine head fills you... you clench it... & get dragged down... you release your muscles as it enters you and pushes you... Soon you find yourself shaking hysterically... as if in a fit... screaming uncontrollably. You feel light cramps in your muscles all over... You have never felt this kind of ecstatic pleasure ever... 

The sensations are too much for you to take and you scream out... "NOOOOOOOOoooooo... " and yet actually you want it to go on... The vine stem finally stops... and recedes... leaving you lying there... completely blank... with no life in your limbs... you soon pass out... 

Your human form is called back by your instructor. She is standing beside you with one hand resting lovingly on your cheek... You feel your head is very heavy. You somehow manage to mutter a few words "Ma'am... what... was... happening... there?"

"Relax Avanti... I'll answer all the questions". The instructor says. She switches on a screen that plays a video. 

The instructor continues, "Life on Pernova is at risk... All organisms have almost stopped reproducing... Many tribes have already come to an end... including Omaticaya... "

"How are we going to help them?" you ask.

"You'll need to reach the Sacred tree. If things work, you might be able to infuse vitality again in all living beings on this planet... like you have done with the grey tree just now. Remember, it's a network everything on this planet is connected with. The inter-species interactions here are much stronger. The tree there got aroused by you... It is rare but it can happen... if the attraction is too strong." 

The instructor comes close to you and caresses your face with the back of her hand and continues to explain. "Creatures there will face strong attraction towards you. The sexual hormones in both your human body and the avatar are at a very very high levels. The Navis appear much more attractive as the hormones inside them grow. And because of that your avatar must be the SEXiest thing they have ever seen."

She looks at the other 4 interface pods in the area and says, "Out of the 5 gals only you and Joanna could arouse the grey lifeless trees... and Joanna just could not take it. She had to be brought back from the Avatar much before the tree was satisfied."

She looks into your eyes and in a lower tone says, 

"We simply don't know what it is going to be like from now on. All we can do is help you be in this state which gives you the best chance to succeed... "

She starts to walk out and orders, "Take Avanti out... and keep loving her till it's time for her to go back... we need to keep her hormones flowing."

You are picked up by very strong muscular arms... though you still find opening your eyes difficult... you can feel that the man carrying you is enormously strong... his strong shoulders are very wide... the chest muscles are very huge... and hard... 

He stops at a point and lays you down on a raised table-like structure. Your clothes, the military trousers and tank top, your bra and panties are gently taken off in seconds. As both the upper and lower garments were taken off at the same time, you know there are at least 2 men near you.

You are now lying naked in this semi-conscious state. You feel both your arms and your legs being spread out. Your wrists and ankles are tied with soft ropes. Your hands and feet can only move a couple of inches. You feel your heart beating faster... in anticipation of all that could happen from here. All... that you don't have any control over.

You feel toes on both your feet being sucked at the same time... You feel tongues lick both your wrists... the tongues move from the wrists to the elbows in slow long strokes... Ones below are now licking the soles of your feet... all the 4 mouths are moving really slow... 

The tongues below are now licking you the outer side of your leg from ankles to the side of the knees... while those above lick you from the elbows to the shoulders... the sides of the neck... to the ears... 

Now you are being licked on the outer sides from the knees to the pelvic bone... the other tongues are moving from the shoulder... to your breasts... making circles around your breasts... and sides of your belly... Every millimeter on your breasts is licked... but the nipples that have hardened are not touched at all... 

The tongues are licking you gently... making you ache for a stronger touch... you want your breasts to be squeezed... Suddenly the mouths open wider wide & strongly suck in big parts of your breasts. You let out a moan. With rapid movements the men create vacuum in their mouths and release it... 20-30 times... leaving your breasts red... and your nipples bigger and harder... 

Now only one man is touching you body. He leaves a trail of wet kisses... from the breasts... to your flat stomach... As it starts moving down from the navel the pace slows down... the kisses are longer... 

Many slow long kisses are planted on the line from the navel to the top of your vagina... You want your pussy to be fucked hard... and raise it every now and then trying to touch his mouth... but the man does not let that happen... Finally... he reaches there... and gently licks your vaginal lips... without parting them... You are dying to be touched there... with some pressure... but the man stops. There is absolute silence... for a long minute... 

You are waiting... for one of them... or anybody... to come and fill you... fuck you hard... You hear some movement now... a hot dick is run along your vaginal slit... getting wet in your juices... it presses your swollen clitoris... It moves away as you raise your hips to make it enter you... 

You open your eyes with some difficulty... Your view is hazy initially & then clears... It's a dimly lit area... There are 4 men around you and are completely naked... 

2 of the men are the best looking men you have seen. Tall bodies with just the right muscular tone... One of these 2 is sitting between your legs and teasing you by touching his dick to your clit... and sliding it along the length of your very wet pussy... The other is standing near you... 

Their dicks are long and with average thickness. 

2 men are sitting on stools in the back ground... They are wearing masks... and have huge bodies... Their dicks are completely erect and vertically positioned... The lengths of their penis is as much as the 2 handsome men... but the girth is much more... 

The gorgeous man near you brings his dick near your mouth... brushes your cheek gently with his hand... He touches your lips... and takes it away as you open your mouth... These men tease you... without entering either your pussy or your mouth... 

The man between your legs now makes a position that one takes for doing push-ups... Nothing from his body is touching you... he lowers his body slowly... and as his hard chest is only inches away from your stiff nipples... and his perfect face is near yours, the head of his long dick enters your wet pussy... He stops... with only the head of his dick inside you... and takes it out slowly... After a pause he comes down... to make the head enter you and moves back... You are totally mesmerized by his masculine beauty... and are looking right into his eyes... pleading him with your eyes to enter you completely... 

This torture of yours goes on... for what seemed to you like a very long time... He withdraws... leaving you completely thirsty... The 2 good looking men untie you... and one of the masked men picks you up from the raised structure... You feel tiny in his arms... He sits back on the stool and makes you sit astride on his lap... you feel his hot huge penis throbbing under you... 

He puts his big hand under you and swiftly picks you up with no effort... straightens his huge rod... and lowers you over it... He now removes his hands that were under your butts... and holds you by your waist... Letting your weight make you go down on his huge dick... Your vagina is completely stretched... yet the big swollen head of his dick is not completely inside... You try to place your feet on his big thighs to give you support and stop his huge dick from stretching your pussy further... 

But he removes your feet... and this time pulls you down from the waist... You scream out loud as the head of his dick enters you... Your pussy is wrapped very very tightly around his massive dick... He puts his hands under your buttocks again and starts picking you and lowering you slowly... The 2 handsome men come and stand by your sides... You hold their long dicks in each hand and press your hard nipples and breasts with them... 

Now your stretched muscles are getting a bit used to moving over the big dick... and you are getting a lot of pleasure... You open your mouth and take each of the dicks in your mouth one by one... You are breathing hard and your breasts are heaving... The men standing beside you keep squeezing your breasts gently... 

After some time, the sitting man stands up carrying you on his hands... and lays you down on the floor... with his dick remaining inside you... he raises your legs... and starts mauling your pussy at maddening pace... You want this brutal ravishing of yours to go on... You want the monster to keep coming and banging your pussy hard... 
