  The delightful torment continues, and intensifies. Maira learns more about her captor, and herself. 

Apologies for the delay with this chapter; I had a few HTML formatting issues due to trying to submit on mobile. 

AUTHOR'S WARNING: This chapter will heavily feature bondage, humiliation, and rape. If these aren't your cup of tea, skip ahead to Chapter 5. For those wondering how this fits in with the story, I promise it is relevant to her character and the greater plot. 

Special thanks to volunteer editor stbkvln, whose recommendations and questions have contributed directly to the plot, character development, and world building!  

*** 

Chapter 4 

She was left in that position for two hours while Baccus prepared and ate his evening meal. As the shadows lengthened in the fading light, that sickly purple glow swirled in the treeline. It lingered in the corners of her vision, haunting her. 

She wondered whether he might leave her bound and gagged overnight, her muscles and joints aching. Perhaps that would have been better. Instead, he rounded the tent in the early evening, his hands unlacing his breeches once more. Maira's nostrils flared as renewed panic pulsed through her veins. He didn't say a word to her. He simply exposed himself, strode behind her, and fucked her in exactly the same manner as he had that afternoon. It took longer. Her screams were weaker. 

Afterwards, he retrieved yet another leather cuff from a nearby pack, and locked it around her neck. He ran his fingers through her hair several times after it was secured, smiling as he touched the gag and collar. He bit his lip. 

"What a sight you are," he whispered. "You've never looked better." Short, pale lashes framed his icy blue eyes, giving him a hostile appearance. He attached a long chain between her neck and the table, and then finally released her wrists and ankles. Maira sank to the ground with little control, the heavy chain clinking loudly. While she struggled to get her limbs under her, Baccus secured her hands behind her back. She instinctively curled into a ball, praying she wouldn't need to endure anything more. 

He turned her face upwards with a gentle hand on her cheek, but she shied away. He wrapped his hand around her jaw and jerked her gaze toward his. That cruel smile froze her blood. 

"Good night, my little whore," he said, "I have so much planned for you tomorrow." He planted a tender, loving kiss on her forehead, and then replaced the beeswax in his ears before leaving. 

Maira immediately writhed on the ground, trying to wipe away the disgusting signs of what he'd done from her back. The collar and cuffs made it difficult to manage, but she didn't stop rubbing against the grass until her skin reddened and stung. 

She curled on her side, pressed her face into her knees, and began to sob. The agony of defeat weighed heavily upon her, and the foreign feeling of having all control stripped away was overwhelming. She cried quietly for a long while, well after Baccus went to sleep. There was little else she could do. Maira was a predator; perfectly made for hunting and enticing her prey, and enjoying the spoils of it. She relied on the abilities granted by her magic, and was not suited for problem solving or captivity. She could not see a solution, and allowed her emotions to dominate her. 

Maira slept fitfully, waking sweating and panicked several times. Fear plagued her dreams, and she was never able to feel comfortable despite being without clothing on the ground. At some point, she managed to wriggle free of the gag, bringing substantial relief, but it did her no good. No matter how much noise she made, or how she attempted to enchant him, the man didn't stir. 

She awoke with a shock in the early dawn to the feeling of cold metal being forced between her teeth. She jerked her head away and attempted to lift her hands to defend herself, before remembering both were bound behind her. Baccus stood over her, working swiftly and effectively, immobilizing her with a knee to her chest as she began to struggle. Before she knew it, he was fastening a strap behind her head, binding something metallic to her mouth. She didn't have a chance to wonder what it was before he hauled her to her knees by the collar and dragged her to the table. He wore nothing but a thin shirt. 

Baccus secured the chain tightly above a table leg behind her, forcing her to keep her back straight against it. Her arms were pinned there. The collar threatened to strangle her if she attempted to lower herself. She screamed and tried to kick her legs out before he grabbed and bound her ankles to another anchor under the table she couldn't see. She was stuck kneeling in the dirt, her legs parted slightly and her breasts heaving. She screamed. 

Baccus knelt beside her, his face close to hers, and began adjusting the contraption attached to her face. She felt several clicks near her jaw, and with each one the metal between her teeth separated slightly. She shook her head and tried desperately to get it off, but Baccus wrapped a hand around her mouth and continued. 

Click. Click. Click.  

Her jaw was being forced open. 

Panic flashed in her eyes as she realized what was about to happen. 

"That should do it," he stated, closely examining her mouth. "Typically, I'd start a little narrower, but let's see how this feels." He stood, his erect cock now perfectly level with her face. He took himself in one hand and advanced on her. Maira wriggled as far away as she could, stretching her head to one side, before he latched his fingers into her hair with the other hand. He turned her head forward. She whimpered. 

Baccus traced the tip of his cock along her lips, savoring her attempts to turn away. He seemed to take great pleasure in her inability to stop him. Her mouth was wide open for him. As he pushed further inside, Maira attempted to block him with her tongue, tasting a droplet of moisture as she did so. She quickly stopped when he closed his eyes and moaned in response. 

He took his time probing around her mouth, rubbing along all the soft, smooth surfaces. Maira wanted nothing more than to clamp her jaw closed, but the device was sturdy and would not budge. He then began moving further and further back over her tongue. 

He stared down at her as he pushed his full length into her mouth, his eyes full of desire and power. She felt his cock being shoved down her throat and gagged. He moaned at the sensation. 

He took a fistful of her hair in each hand, holding her in place, and then took another agonizingly slow thrust. Tears welled up and streamed down Maira's cheeks. She felt every inch of him brushing past her lips, tasted his shaft, and struggled to draw breath as he filled her throat. 

He began thrusting in a slow rhythm. She made horrendous gagging sounds, loud and wet, interspersed with sobs and cries. 

"Choke on it, bitch!" he growled. He moved one hand to the base of her skull, pulling her mouth toward him with each thrust as he fucked her face. She was struggling to breathe, and desperately attempting to remove his cock in any way she could. Her tongue writhed, her throat swallowed and gagged uncontrollably, and her lips attempted to close off. But her resistance only seemed to arouse him further, moaning as if she'd intended to pleasure him. His grip on her hair was too firm for her to pull away. 

"Yes, like that," he moaned, licking his lips. "Swallow me." 

He went faster, ramming into her throat. His thighs and forearms began to tense as the thrusts grew more urgent. She couldn't breathe. She thrashed against her chains as the collar dug into her neck. 

Baccus moaned through gritted teeth, staring downward intensely. All at once, he slid out of her mouth, leaving Maira gasping for air. She was forced to watch as he finished himself all over her breasts, though she tried desperately to catch a drop in her open mouth. Her tongue lolled over her teeth in exhaustion. 

When at last he finished, he took a step back and swept her with his eyes. Maira felt suddenly conscious of how she must look: knelt with her back straight and breasts bared, as if proud of the seed dripping down her chest. Her mouth hung open as if begging for more. Her legs trembled. 

He ran a thumb along her lower lip, and gave a low whistle. 

"I changed my mind. This might be your best look. That mouth is something special." He touched the underside of a breast, watching a droplet run down it. "And it's all mine." He began unhooking her ankles. "I really would treasure leaving you like this, but I fear you're too weak to keep from strangling yourself. A pity. You look less monstrous in such poses." He unhooked the collar from its anchor, but left her chained to the table. He tossed a rag into the dirt by her side. "Clean up. You're disgusting." 

*** 

For the remainder of the morning, Maira did her best to pretend she was elsewhere. She concentrated on the ground beneath her, the sunlight, the scent of flowers on the breeze. But there were always reminders to yank her from her reverie. Baccus whistled constantly, for one. Upbeat, jaunty melodies which seemed to draw from her pain. He also circled the tent often to tend his horse, clean equipment, or to grope and slap his captive. 

At some point, he replaced the gag in her mouth and removed the beeswax from his ears with a contented sigh. He then set himself up on a stool nearby, and began idly fletching arrows. She turned away and focused on the grass beneath her. The placid nothingness offered by the forest was far superior to anything she'd been made to feel here. 

"You will break eventually," he said, "all women do. It's only a matter of how long I keep you." Yes, but what happens then? thought Maira. She tried to rationalize scenarios which didn't end in him killing her. But rationality was not an ability she possessed, and she failed to think of any. "Thankfully I have plenty more planned between now and then. Years of anticipation will do that to a man. All those nights of worldly pleasures you denied me..." He trailed off with a sigh. "All the women I could not enjoy because of you." 

Maira smiled slightly at that, and glanced towards him with a cocked eyebrow. Had her curse saved others from this fate? Would she have wanted that? Baccus pointed at her with the arrow he was working on. 

"You will give me everything they could not. Several times over. I've enough supplies to last a month, and I will continue until I grow bored of you." Maira's stomach turned, and she twisted away from him again. No, she would've rather the human women endure this. Better they than Maira. She wished this torture upon anyone but herself. 

"A man who knows what he wants is stronger than a man who does not. And the man who seeks it is stronger still. I've known what I wanted from women since I was a boy, and have become an expert at claiming it." He finished an arrow and started on another, while Maira tried not to think of what he might need them for. "I've travelled further than your tiny mind can comprehend. Taken women of all colors and ages and sizes. All have broken to me. All were subjugated to my will. And then..." He sighed angrily through his nose. "And then, you came along." She felt his eyes on her back. "For the crime of being unlucky, you stole from me my greatest joy. I happened across your path when you hungered, and that was all it took!" He snapped his fingers. "Gone! In one night I couldn't even remember." He took a moment to compose himself, then continued working in angry silence. 

Maira chuckled. Then snorted. Then she began to laugh loudly despite the gag. She righted herself so that she could look Baccus in the face, letting him see just how ridiculous she found him to be. In all the years Maira had been peacefully hunting men, many had enjoyed the pleasure of her company enough to return. They would be driven to return to her territory by nothing more than a subliminal desire. She always obliged them, loving the rare instance when her food came to her. 

But none had ever been so dedicated. None had spent years of their lives, nor expended such extraordinary effort, to have sex with her. In his efforts to be free of her curse, or to avenge the death of his lecherous ways, he'd wasted more of his own life than she ever could. And for what? A few days of pleasure? How pitiful. Humans were supposed to have "so much to live for", she'd been told. Yet he had dedicated his life to a pursuit of which she, by definition, was the champion. And he thought himself superior to her! 

Maira made blatant eye contact as she laughed mockingly. Baccus surged to his feet and spiked the arrow into the ground before advancing furiously. She carried on, finding that her limbs weren't feeling quite so weak as they did the previous day. 

When he came within reach, Maira acted on impulse and lunged at him, heedless of potential ramifications. She nearly managed to stand before the chain at her neck yanked her off her feet. Baccus stopped, an expression of surprise on his face, before the fury returned. He grabbed her by the neck. 

"Do you think yourself better than me, monster?" he hissed through bared teeth. Maira narrowed her eyes and nodded. An ugly frown eclipsed his features, and his cheeks reddened. He looked childish. For all his threats and preparations, he still allowed his emotions to be ruled by her. She laughed again. Baccus tightened his grip on her throat and bashed her head against the ground. Despite her body's durability, it was enough to daze her, and her vision darkened at the edges. She felt herself being lifted. 

"I'll show you what happens to those who laugh at me," he muttered. Maira felt the table beneath her back. As her senses returned to her, she didn't have the opportunity to resist the manner in which he was binding her: each hand and foot to a separate corner. Fully spread. The sun had warmed the surface of the dark wood, and beamed down upon her. She began to sweat. 

Baccus started grabbing and striking her breasts, watching how they moved. The intense pain was impossible to ignore. His frown persisted. 

"I normally like them quite a bit larger. Shame." Maira heard her heartbeat pulsing in her ears, despite her show of defiance. 

Baccus rustled through a nearby pack and withdrew a thin, gold chain. He eyed it lovingly as he approached. 

"Anything can be improved upon. Even you." He nearly spat the final word. He grabbed a breast and twisted one of her nipples slightly, chuckling when she twitched. "Honestly, what did you think would happen when you dared to laugh at me?" He attached a tiny clip to her nipple, then ran the gold chain to the other. It was just short enough to tug them slightly together. The pressure of each of the clips bordered on pain, but did not quite cross the threshold. It was a gentle grip compared to his rough treatment. He thrummed the taut chain with a fingertip, and she closed her eyes to keep from visibly reacting to it. It felt wonderful. Her nerves were alight. 

"Well would you look at that," murmured her captor, "I think she likes it." She refused to look at him. Instead, she tugged against the ankle restraints, trying to close her legs as she felt the breeze cooling her wet cunt. The sun seemed to stare down at her in disapproval. 

A sharp slap across her cheek took her by surprise, and she yelped in pain. Baccus pulled a fistful of hair, forcing her face towards him. 

"Look at me when I'm speaking to you," he growled. The hand moved to her throat, and squeezed tightly. Maira's breath became labored and loud. She yanked on her arm restraints as panic began to overtake her, and felt the defiance die beneath his grip. The clips and gold chain tugged as she wriggled helplessly. 

After seconds which seemed to last hours,he released her, leaving a pounding pain in the shape of his hand. He leaned in close, and pressed his lips directly against her ear. 

"Do not forget what I can do to you if the mood strikes me," he whispered, "You are nothing." He then licked the sensitive skin just beneath her earlobe, sending a chill down her spine. The last of her courage exhausted itself and fled. 

Baccus stripped off his clothing and mounted her, looming above her for a moment to eclipse the sunlight. He smiled when he pushed inside her, as they both felt how wet she was. The cuffs at her wrists and ankles held her wide open, unable to resist in any way. A hunter pinned on her back. 

One of his hands clutched her jaw, turning her face upwards as he propped himself up on his other elbow. He determinedly retained eye contact as he began to thrust. Maira's stomach twisted as she was forced to watch his brow relax with satisfaction, somehow making him more repulsive in the process. His grin widened at her expression; her revulsion must have been apparent. Baccus's intense gaze stripped her down, making her feel more exposed when she couldn't hide her face from him. 

"Come now, my dear. Where has all that fire gone?" His voice was breathy with lust. "Not so headstrong now, are you?" He leaned in, resting his full weight on top of her and pressing his cheek to hers. The pleasant sensation of his naked chest against hers was made worse by the constant tension he added to the gold chain at her breasts. His moans caressed her ear. 

With each rise and fall of his hips, he rubbed against her, the friction pulsing her clit in time. His body nearly covered hers, pinning her. And with the slight movements against her breast, the physical sensations began to accumulate. There was no one else's emotions or pleasure to concentrate on, no energy to feed on, and no sound but the moans of the man holding her down. Before yesterday, she'd never lain with a human sans magic, and had never felt it in its purest form. She did now. 

The unadulterated, visceral feel of his cock filling her dominated her perception. She hated how good it felt. The constant, gentle pull of the chain against her nipples shot fire through her chest, and even the leather binding her legs began to seem pleasurable. A familiar sensation arose within her. 

Maira shook her head slightly, trying to resist it. She squeezed her eyes shut and clamped her jaw down on the gag to keep from moaning. She was so wet that she could feel it oozing down onto the table. Baccus continued, his thrusts coming faster. Each one brought her closer. 

The effort to stay silent warred with her rapidly building orgasm. She fought it with all her might, as shock and dread built in equal measure. It was as if her body had completely forgotten the horror of the situation. She squirmed and turned her head away, trying to change the angle or distract herself. Neither worked. It was all too much. Her thighs began to tense in anticipation. As it became clear her efforts were in vain, Maira held her breath. And then, she felt her body betray her. 

Her eyes flew open in shock as she sucked in a breath. All her muscles tensed, and waves of pleasure pummeled her. Baccus stopped and leaned back to look at her. Maira turned as far away from him as her neck would allow, praying he would not notice her cunt convulsing with every wave of climax. He did. 

One hand plucked at the chain joining her breasts, prolonging her torture and heightening it. She squeaked. His other hand turned her face towards his. That cruel smile leered at her. 

"You fucking whore," he gloated, "did you really?" As the final waves subsided, the sickening weight of her shame replaced them. "Is this how you prefer it? Spread open with your tits chained?" Maira released a shaky breath, wishing to retreat into herself and escape his gaze. He laughed and began thrusting again, far harder than he had before. All the while, he held her head in place and watched her reactions. His fingertips plucked the chain whenever she least expected it. 
