  New experiences and indulgences can have the disadvantage of going entirely against Melina's nature. How long must she spend outside of her natural environment?  

My sincerest apologies for the delay.  

 Special thanks to volunteer editor stbkvln, who has stuck with me for the equivalent of 100 novel pages, providing feedback on the good, the bad, and everything in between.  

*** 

Chapter 6 

Melina relished the light tingle of cool, humid air on her cheeks as she inhaled through her nose. The scent of new grass coming to life on the edges of the dirt streets was light and sweet, like a shy maiden's smile. She watched the humans around her scatter for cover at the first hint of the drizzle worsening, while she leaned nonchalantly against the wall of a clothing shop. 

She nibbled a sticky bun which had been given graciously by a street vendor, who'd praised her beauty as if it were a remarkable accomplishment. Melina had lingered a minute afterward, watching other customers to verify that the vendor did indeed normally accept coin for his goods. She noted the advantage she held, knowing she may have a use for wringing additional services from humans in the near future. It was strange for her to imagine that such interactions may become commonplace, rather than rare curiosities to indulge in. It all seemed to require so much effort in comparison to her usual everyday life. 

A half dozen men attempted to make passes at her during the scant few hours she was roaming about. Melina gave each a pitying look, wishing she could tell them how lucky they were to be rebuffed. It was a shame she wasn't hungry; several would have made sumptuous candidates. 

She continued observing passersby and learning from their mannerisms: typical greetings, bartering, merchants hawking their wares, and other such conversations. There seemed to be an abundance of hushed whispers and suspicious glances, as small gatherings of humans passed hurriedly. It made them look incredibly shifty in comparison to those purchasing from shops, but she didn't spare them additional thought. 

When Melina had had her fill of humans, she returned to her room at the inn. Aunty had made several attempts to start a conversation with her throughout the day, but she paid her no mind. She had what she needed from the doddering old woman, and had no desire for further interaction. 

She considered continuing her observations in the common room, but felt weary at the idea of filling her time with more people. While there were a dozen activities she would've preferred, lounging in the soft bed was the best she could do while avoiding the surrounding forest. There was only so much she could learn in a single day, and she needed time to process it. 

Several hours later, Melina prodded carefully at a knot in the wood of the shared wall. The loose piece fell free easily, just as Vardan had showed her. It was almost perfectly at eye level, and bespoke a surprising reason for Vardan to have chosen that particular room. Melina was unsure whether he'd been the one to place it, or had simply discovered it, but she doubted Aunty knew of it. 

The floorboards glowed with a dull roar of conversation and music. She waited until she heard footsteps and laughter from the hall, then peeked through the hole. Both her room and Vardan's had faded into near-total darkness, but Melina had no trouble seeing in it. 

Vardan stepped into his room leading a red-haired young woman by the hand, his natural smile wide and full of mirth. She was extraordinarily short, barely at eye level with his collar, but was full-figured. Plump lips and cheeks radiated sweet innocence, and the tight-laced bodice of her dress barely contained her breasts. 

Her smile matched Vardan's, though Melina could hear the nervousness of her racing heart. 

"Now then, to business," said Vardan cheerily as he released her hand and lit a candle by the bed. "We both know the true reason you accepted my invitation." The girl chuckled at that. 

"Honestly, it can't be as awful as you say." Her voice was quiet and gentle, and she spoke as if frightened to be doing so. She was positively adorable. 

Vardan held up a single finger, a sign Melina had recently learned meant "wait a moment," and rummaged through a small saddlebag. 

"Oh-ho, you have yet to bask in its glory. Behold!" he said as he withdrew a large item of jewelry on a thick gold chain. It was ornate, gaudy, and encrusted with half a dozen colors of carved glass. Vardan held it up to the light. "You see, Ivette? I've no idea what my grandmother was thinking! So many colors and designs, yet not a hint of artistry to unify them. I wouldn't force it upon my worst enemy, let alone a betrothed." 

Ivette giggled. "Oh come now, it's not the worst I've seen." Vardan scoffed, and his smile widened. 

"I should like to see the worst, then!" 

"May I?" asked Ivette, reaching a delicate hand for it. Vardan gave it to her, and placed his hands on his hips as she examined it, as if itching for affirmation. She held it up to the light, dangling it by its many appendages, and turned it over several times. 

"It... has a certain charm. Is it a necklace?" she asked. 

"No, that's what's strange about it. Apparently, it's meant to be worn like so." He took the trinket, maximizing contact between their hands as he did, and held it to her forehead. He laced it delicately about her hair like a crown, allowing her plenty of opportunities to pull away if she so desired. She raised her eyebrows expectantly. 

"Well now..." Vardan trailed off as he absently brushed strands of hair from her face, tucking them behind her ears. Ivette grinned and blushed deep scarlet. 

"What?" she asked with a chuckle, plucking nervously at the glass jewels. Vardan's fingertips lingered near her neck. His eyes softened and stared deeply into hers. 

"I may change my mind about it." His voice was low and tender, and had lost the sharp edge of formality. "It appears I only lacked an appropriate model upon whom to view it." As he looked down into the girl's rounded face, his expression became almost melancholy. Where Ivette saw only a blossoming desire, Melina knew there was more in his eyes: a profound longing for something he knew he could not receive. 

Vardan cupped her cheek in one hand, his touch soft as a fawn's fur, and guided her chin upward. Her lips parted - an invitation. He accepted graciously. 

When their lips met, Vardan inhaled as if stricken by how delightful it felt. His other hand smoothed over her waist, while Ivette's arms hung in the air, unsure of what to do. She returned the kiss, but her body stiffened with nerves. Vardan pulled away slowly, lingering for several seconds before opening his eyes, while the only sound was that of the merriment beneath their feet. 

"Ivette?" he whispered. "Is everything alright?" Much to Melina's frustration, he did not press the attack; his hands remained in place instead of pulling her close, and he allowed her adequate time to consider her answer. 

"Yes, of course, it's just..." she stammered, struggling for words. 

"Please accept my apologies," said Vardan smoothly, saving her from having to form a coherent sentence, "I shouldn't have. I only thought..." he thumbed the jewels adorning her forehead. "You look so lovely in it. I couldn't help myself." He was an excellent liar. In truth, she looked quite ridiculous with the glimmering monstrosity eclipsing her face. But he'd sounded so sincere that she smiled in response. 

"I should probably be going," said Ivette, placing her hands on Vardan's upper arms as if to push him away. 

"Oh? Why is that?" 

"It's after dark, and my mother might question it." She didn't make to leave. "I must open the shop at sunrise." 

"Is she not already asleep at this hour? If you were at the shop early tomorrow, how could she possibly question it?" Ivette bit her lip and looked down. "You yourself said how tirelessly you work each day. I suspect you're seldom afforded a moment to catch your breath, let alone partake in life's pleasures." 

"But my mother will..." 

"Ivette," whispered Vardan, drawing her name out tenderly. He brushed the underside of her chin and tilted her face upwards. "Think for a moment, not of what your mother would want, but of what you want. Let all else fall away." 

Melina heard her heart race, and noticed that she leaned into his hand slightly where it met her jawline. He was luring her in with the most tantalizing bait, offering her exactly what she wanted without overwhelming her. There was a calculated subtlety in each of his actions, likely more than Melina had realized, and his calm confidence was infectious. 

"I shouldn't," said Ivette. But the protest was toothless, and begged to be countered by the handsome man holding her. 

"According to whom? Would you listen to the hypersensitive old matrons of the town over your own heart?" He lifted the chained jewels from her head and set them aside without breaking eye contact. "You deserve to put yourself first. However that may be." He placed his hands loosely upon her shoulders, his presence radiating warmth and comfort. Melina found herself growing impatient at the girl's indecision; she would've enchanted her thrice over, were she in Vardan's place. 

He took her hand and gracefully interlinked their fingers. "What do you want, Ivette?" He asked it as if it were a genuine question, but in truth he'd allowed her only one possible answer. 

Her free hand went to his chest involuntarily, mimicking a pose which Melina had seen humans use when dancing. In answer to his question, she leaned towards him with her lips parted. Vardan obliged her. 

He leaned in close and hesitated before their lips met, prolonging the moment. Ivette's hand clutched at his shirt when he kissed her, and she deepened it immediately. He encircled her waist with one arm and pulled her in, pressing her to him with sudden urgency. And when his other hand tangled in her hair, she let out a breathy sigh. 

Like a dozen vines creeping upward to entangle an unwary sapling, he'd embedded himself in the young redhead. He had her. Melina felt as if she'd witnessed a miracle: a successful hunt without any tricks or incantations. True, the girl had wanted him before she'd even stepped in the room, but that was just another component in the process which she hadn't witnessed. 

In truth, Melina probably could have stopped watching just then; she'd technically seen what Vardan had wanted to show her. She could have silently replaced the knot in the wood and left them to their fun. But after all she'd seen, she had no intention of doing that. Instead, she allowed herself the luxury of examining Vardan's body as he removed his doublet and shirt. As Ivette's fingertips raced over his skin, so too did Melina's eyes. 

He was composed of hard edges and planes, with deep lines etched along each of his muscles. For all his talk of education and existentialism, he had the look of a man who had spent years honing his form. Vardan was the pinnacle of masculinity. And where his hair fell nearly to his shoulders, it had an effect which clearly distinguished him from an ordinary human. He was otherworldly perfection. 

Ivette's fingers froze when they reached his back, as if unable to take it all in, but he drew her attention with some exploration of his own. He cleared away strands of fiery hair from her neck, and buried his face there. She gasped and arched her back, all of her innocence floating to the surface. Vardan cooed as he kissed and nibbled at the exposed flesh, while his hands set to work on the lacing of her rigid bodice along her back. She barely noticed until it came free. 

When it dropped to the floor, Ivette's arms retreated and made to cover herself, as only her thin dress stood between her chest and Vardan's. He hastily diverted her focus, lifting her by the waist and holding her head level with his. They both grinned, and she giggled with delight. He swung her legs outward with an overly dramatic motion, and somehow managed to flop them both on the bed. Ivette laughed. 

"A well-known dancing technique from the East," explained Vardan with a smile, "though I appear to have executed it terribly!" 

"I don't mind at all," said the girl, and they were kissing once more. From where they lay, each on their side, Vardan was facing the shared wall. As he dug into his prey with earnest, his eyes flicked upwards, and met Melina's gaze. He smiled wickedly. 

Vardan then gently wedged his knee between her thighs, applying pressure, and moaned softly into her ear. She ground forward against him, likely without realizing she'd wanted to do so, and whimpered. He ran his palm along the outline of Ivette's silhouette from shoulder to hip, appreciating the gentle curve, then smoothed towards her bosom. Ivette quivered at his every move, utterly entranced. It was as if no one had ever taken the time to love her body so dearly. A terrible shame, really. Melina felt a touch of sorrow for the state she would find herself in after tonight. 

Vardan's fingers stroked the sensitive underside of her breast through the dress, massaging the place where her bodice had bitten into her. She gasped, lips parted, and squirmed against his touch. He was plucking her strings like a master musician, gratifying her with his every move. Melina found herself wishing she could be with a man who knew her body so well as that. Her hand went to her own chest, mirroring his actions. 

When he finally slid Ivette's dress from her shoulders, she could barely move. Her timid form, stiff with anticipation, was terribly endearing when exposed so agonizingly slow. Her enormous breasts spilled forth, and Melina could tell by the way Vardan kissed down her neck that he'd been aching to taste them. When his palm smoothed them over, Melina saw gooseflesh bloom all along her back, and she gripped him close by the waist. 

He teased her relentlessly at first, laying his soft lips and fingertips all over, while she moaned and slid herself against his thigh. It wasn't until she placed her hand at the back of his head, urging him forth, that he finally took her nipple into his mouth. A tiny squeal escaped her, and her fingers curled in his hair. 

Melina reached a hand beneath the collar of her dress, pinching and plucking eagerly while imagining what those pert lips could do. 

Vardan fanned the flame, availing himself of Ivette's plentiful soft skin with his tongue, while his every move sent a jolt up her spine. She was remarkably easy to please, and Melina's mind wandered to the sounds she might be able to draw forth from her. 

He slid the dress down to her waist, touching the newly exposed skin as soon as it was revealed to him. When he began to push the fabric over her hips, she lifted her head in surprise. Vardan paused. 

"Are you alright?" he asked. Melina nearly groaned in frustration at the concessions he kept making for this girl. Stop dawdling and take her! 

"Yes, I..." she stammered, "I had only..." She nervously flicked her hair while struggling to find her voice. "Part of me can't believe this is happening." Vardan chuckled, diffusing the tension. 

"Neither can I," he said. She giggled at that. "Would you like me to stop?" 

 Why would you ask such a thing? You cannot allow her to withdraw when you are so close!  But Ivette looked into his eyes and shook her head. 

He drew her against him, pressing their bare torsos together and holding her head in the crook of his neck. When he felt her relax, he sighed and kissed her cheek. Vardan held her as if she were the most precious creature in the world, his smile all warmth and tranquility. No one had ever held Melina in such a way. 

The girl melted in his arms, feeling how much he cared for her, and allowed him to continue. Vardan stripped the remainder of her clothing quickly with one arm wrapped firmly about her. It seemed to calm her, but Melina could see from a spot on her dress how badly she wanted the incubus. She'd soaked through it. 

Ivette's rear was just as mouthwatering as the rest of her: pert, full, and inviting. Vardan clearly concurred: as soon as his hand made contact, he prodded and urged Ivette to roll away from him. Ivette smiled widely, a tiny spark of confidence in her eyes, as he released a low whistle. 

"By the gods, I've never seen such beauty." He grabbed a handful of her ass, watching as it overflowed between his fingers. "You are truly a treasure, Ivette." His voice was muddled, low, and dripping with lust, as if he lost command of his educated formality the more aroused he became. Ivette took notice, and looked even more self-assured. It was a remarkable tactic, for she did not become overwhelmed or anxious when Vardan reached down to ease his own trousers off. On the contrary, Melina saw her quivering in anticipation, biting her lip and bending at the hips. 

Ivette was facing the wall perfectly, such that Melina could not see Vardan's fully naked form behind her; she saw the line of his hip, the deep cut of tendon and muscle near his abdomen, but no further. But the girl's body was a welcome sight, and Melina felt a thrill at being able to secretly look her over. 

Vardan was slow and controlled, but his eyes squeezed shut as he began to slip inside her. His lips, pressed against her ear, released a soft moan, while his hands slackened on her body. Melina could hear from her vantage point how wet she was: every inch of Vardan's cock was audible as it entered. She couldn't help herself. Melina reached down and began to stroke herself gently through her dress. It had been ages since she had done so, as she usually had access to nearby prey to satisfy herself. 

Ivette let out a high moan which tapered into a squeak, her hands clutching at the sheets. Toes curled, back arched, jaw slack in beautiful agony. It was clear that the incubus possessed an identical innate ability to pleasure his prey, as she gasped with his slow thrust. 

Vardan kissed along her neck and smoothed his lips over the shell of her ear, his hair falling forward to obscure his face. When he looked up, dark eyes through dark strands, his eyes met Melina's. 

"Do you like it?" he murmured with a smile. 

"By the gods, yes!" said Ivette as if he'd addressed her, "It feels wonderful." But Vardan continued looking at the wall as he gloated. A wolf baring his teeth victoriously over a kill, as if protecting it from a threat. What a showman he was! Had he positioned her just so that he could put her on display? Did he derive the most pleasure from having an audience? Knowing that his actions were at least partially for her own benefit was intoxicating. Melina's hand moved faster against herself. 

Vardan grasped at the girl's remarkable breasts as he continued, each thrust a slick pulse of sound, and felt the waves ripple through her soft skin. Her little moans became breathy and incoherent, while the incubus at her back laid into her with earnest. As her whimpers built in intensity, so too did his low moans in her ear. Melina watched his abdomen twitch and the deep tendons strain beneath his skin. Her hand pulsed faster, her legs quivering, and she bit her lip to keep silent. 

When Melina could hold herself back no longer, her climax began to pummel her just as Ivette tensed for her own. Her moans had become short squeaks which were more air than voice, and her hands scrabbled for handfuls of bedding. Her eyes flew open and she panted hard, while Vardan breathed an exquisitely sensual moan. His fingers dug into her hip and breast as he finished in her dripping cunt, while the curves of her body curled in all the right ways. 

Melina, suddenly bashful, broke away from the wall and realized she was short of breath. Her cheeks burned brightly in the darkness, and her own wetness had seeped into the fabric of her dress. She brushed a strand of hair away from her face, feeling as if she were the one being observed. Vardan had certainly been conscious of her presence, after all. Would he know how much she'd enjoyed watching? Would he care? 
