 Spiegel parked his Hoverbike outside the university and took off his helmet. He checked the time on the chronovisual on his wrist. 1530. Right on time. Fawn's seminar oughtta be over now. He looked up at the front entrance, and saw the gate dissolving to let students out. Small groups of people exited the building. Trolls grunting over their homework, human girls checking him out, elves giggling and chatting vividly.

There she was. She was talking to a human friend, apparently comparing notes. She looked up, as if she had sensed him being there, and she smiled when she saw him. She hurried down the steps and ran into his arms. He kissed her, and put his arms around her tiny waist.

"Hi, princess!" he mumbled.

"Hi..." she smiled, gazing into his eyes.

"Interbreeders..!"

"Pervy elf-fancier!"

Two strangers hissed at them as they passed. Spiegel glared at them. Fawn's grip around his shoulders tightened.

"Ignore them!" she whispered. "They're just ignorant speciests!"

He smiled sadly, and kissed her forehead.

"You're right," he said.

He opened the luggage box on his Hoverbike, and got out a small, red helmet. He carefully put it on her head, and made sure to pull her long ears through the holes at the sides.

"I look like a mushroom in this!" she pouted. "My head looks like a red ball with wings on it!"

"Toxics!" he said. "You look pretty! Come on, now!"

He straddled the Hoverbike and put his own helmet on. Fawn put her books in the luggage box, closed it, and got on the bike behind him. She put her arms around his waist, and they floated out into the afternoon traffic.

Rush hour had just started, and the air was full of transporters, hovermodules and Hoverbikes. Below them, the street were full of pedestrians.

They got held up at a junction, where a line of commuters were waiting for their turn to get on the Southern Flight Lane. Fawn leaned her head against Spiegel's back and inhaled the musty scent of human. Her arms squeezed his strong body, so compact and muscular compared to that of an elf.

The line slowly cleared up, and on they floated, in a speed just below the maximum allowed, arriving at their home in practically no time. They landed on the front yard, and Spiegel parked the Hoverbike in their assigned place, and entered the code into the manouveur panel, to shut it off. Fawn hopped off and got her things out of the luggage box.

"Want me to carry those for you?" Spiegel asked.

"Not necessary," said Fawn. "They're not heavy."

Spiegel pulled her closer, and kissed her.

"You look so fragile," he said. "I keep forgetting how strong you really are."

She pinched him playfully, laughing as he squirmed. They ran up the stairs, giggling like children.

They stopped outside the door, panting, and Spiegel put his hand on the Reader Panel, that scanned in his fingerprints, approved it, and the doorway dissolved, letting them into their home. Once inside, Fawn locked the door by punching in the code on the PS-system.

"Are you hungry?" said Spiegel, pulling his helmet off.

"Yes," said Fawn, putting her books away, and pulled off her own helmet, putting it on top of her books.

"I could whip up a plate of seaweed..." Spiegel began, but Fawn interrupted him.

"I'm hungry..." she said. "But not for food."

She grabbed the lining of his jeans and pulled him closer. She put her hands on his butt, squeezed it, and her big, slanting eyes narrowed mischievously. Her lips stretched out in a naughty grin.

"How typical elves!" Spiegel teased her. "You're such a sex-crazy bunch!"

"As if humans weren't a group of horn-dogs!" Fawn sneered, and moved one hand to his crotch, where his manhood was already growing.

Spiegel moaned. Fawn's own special kind of magic was putting a daze over his mind. He fought to shake it off. He wanted to keep his head clear, he wanted to enjoy every moment of this. He didn't want a mere mating. He wanted to make love.

He lifted her up, she weighed close to nothing, and carried her into the resting chamber. When he laid her down on the bed, she wrapped her long, slim legs around his back and pulled him down, so he fell on top of her. He closed his eyes when he kissed her, to stop himself from drowning in her big, beautiful eyes. Their clothes were gone without anyone of them being aware of undressing. 

Spiegel moved his hands over her silky skin, gently, afraid to be too rough with her. She was like a tiny bird in his hands, small and delicate, and he was afraid of breaking her bones or soiling her shimmering, pearly skin with bruises.

Fawn moved restlessly under his touch. Spiegel was an extraordinary fine human male, strong and firm and muscular. She loved feeling those big arms around her, holding her tight, squeezing her, making her feel safe and protected, desired and excited, all at the same time.

Other human men she had been with had been too raw, too brutal, but Spiegel was just the opposite; incredibly controlled and almost frustratingly afraid to be too hard with her. She had tried to use all her elven powers of seducing to overwhelm him, to make him loose that iron-hard control, to make him turn into the passionate beast she knew lurked within him. But he resisted her every trick, prolonging each love-making until the tension within her was unbearable, and she almost fainted when she came.

Now he was kissing her neck, painting a road map over her body, looking up and marking out every sensitive spot. Fawn whispered his name and held on to the pillow under her head. His hands traced her contours, his lips blessed each new-found piece of skin with kisses. She inhaled deeply when he worked his way over her belly, and groaned in disappointment when he ignored her moist rose, and focused on her legs instead. He grinned at her lack of patience, and caused her to giggle when he kneaded the muscles of her calves and thighs.

"Spiegel!" she cried out. "That tickles!"

He chuckled, and they wrestled, like playful puppies, a game that ended with Spiegel pressing Fawn down against the bed, spreading her legs, and penetrating her, nailing her against the bed. Fawn moaned with delight, and lifted her legs high enough to wrap them around his arms, and lock him in that position. Spiegel threw himself to one side, rolled around, and Fawn was suddenly on top of him, straddling him, pinned on top of his shaft. She growled teasingly, and pressed his hands against the mattress. Holding him in a tight grip with her hands and thighs, she started riding him, wriggling and squirming to make her pussy dance on his hardness. He struggled to free his arms, but she held him down, and worked her magic on his hard-on.

"Please..." he said. "I want to hold you."

She released his arms, and he put them around her, sat up in bed with her on his lap, and they moved together, slowly, finding just the right rhythm, hugging, kissing, looking into each others' eyes, enjoying the deep connection between them. One didn't have to utter a wish before the other performed it. A hand, a kiss, a touch, a breath of warm air against a nipple...

What started as being close grew into lust for even more intimate touch. Caresses got more eager, breathing got more heavy, more rapid. With a groan, Spiegel laid down on his back, and Fawn rocked her body over his, leaning backwards, giving him a clear view of her rosy folds embracing his hard dick. He reached out and carefully parted her sensitive lips with his finger tips, found her clit, and massaged the precious pearl. Fawn threw her head back and cried out, her small pussy tightening even more around him, and he finally allowed himself to let go. He held on to her hips as he thrust upwards, up inside her, spraying her insides as a gift to a goddess.

Fawn trembled from joy at hearing him groaning, and shifted her weight, milking him with her muscles, emptying him of every drop.

He dragged her down into his arms, his dick sliding out of her with a wet, sloppy sound. She snuggled up next to him, panting and purring.

"Are you hungry now?" he mumbled, and kissed her hair.

"Mmmm..." she hummed, sounding satisfied and sleepy.

"Or should we wait a little?" he continued, pulling the sheets over them both.

"And then we go again?" said Fawn.

"Sex-crazy elf!" Spiegel laughed.

"Pervy elf-fancier..!" Fawn replied, and attacked one of his nipples.