 Eric woke up in his bed, stretched, and went to the shower. After dressing, he sat down in front of the tv. Just another day as an alien abductee. He wasn't feeling hungry yet, but he knew the first girl should be arriving soon. As if on cue, the door opened, he looked up, and gave a start. The woman at the door was not being propelled through it, but was simply standing in the doorway. She didn't look scared or confused, just determined, and the door stayed open.

"Come with me." She said. 

...

Eric sat down across a table from the women, who was named Veronica.

"So you're like an underground resistance of escaped slaves?"

"That's right, the Progenitors are good, but they're not perfect. Every once in a while someone escapes and makes their way down here. Sometimes we stage raids and free as many people as we can."

"I'm amazed you can stay hidden from them."

"You've probably never realized how big this ship is; it's almost the size of a moon. It's easy to hide in the lower decks since the Progenitors have largely abandoned them. They send raids down occasionally, but they don't tend to be successful."

"Well this is great, just fantastic! I've been a prisoner for so long, I can't tell you how wonderful it is to be free. The things they've made me do, I would have done anything to end it. I'll do anything I can to repay you, sign me up for the resistance!"

Veronica paused, staring at him uncomfortably for a minute.

"The thing is Eric, the greatest help you could be to us is... to keep making essence. You have to understand, all of the technology here is organic; everything runs on essence. The portals, our weapons, all our biomods. We even use it to grow food. Before we freed you, our only supply was raiding the ship's essence stores, but that can be incredibly risky. Now that we have you, our supply problems will be over. Recovering you was the greatest victory we've had in a hundred years. If you can... supply us, we'll have enough resources to make real strikes against the Progenitors, maybe even finally liberate the ship for all the slaves they've taken. It all depends on you."

Eric was quiet for a long minute "You know what you're asking me to do."

"I know."

"The Progenitors, or whatever you call them, kidnap me, alter me, enslave me, force me to do horrible things, not just once, but over and over, day after day. Now here you are, talking about freedom, and you want me to do the exact same bullshit. How are you any better? At least with them I got all the tv I wanted!"

Veronica got angry "The difference is you'll be doing it for a cause. Instead of feeding the progenitors' slave machine, you'll be helping fight to free everyone they've used and exploited. You'll be avenging the millions they've killed to feed their horrible appetites. And another thing, the women will be volunteers, they won't be scared and abused, they'll be just like you; willing participants in a war that we need to win!"

Eric sat back, Veronica's words had struck home. "The girls will be volunteers? You won't force them?"

"Of course, you think we're as bad as they are?"

"But making the essence pods kills the women!"

"Not if we give them medical care afterwards, the progenitors simply choose not to make the effort, the women will be fine."

"... well I guess if it's that important."

Veronica smiled "Eric, it's the greatest thing you can do for us. Thank you, so much. Look, I know this isn't going to be easy for you, I don't like asking you to do it any more than you want to do it. But this is war, and sometimes you have to do what you must. Follow Adam, he'll show you to your room. You can have a few hours to settle in, then we can set you up with the first... volunteer"

...

A few hours later, the door to Eric's new room opened. Veronica walked in with another girl. She looked really young, just out of high school. 

Veronica said "Eric, this Kristen, she's our first volunteer." 

Veronica smiled uncomfortably. "I'll uh, leave you to alone. Open the door when you're done." With, that, Veronica fled, leaving Kristen alone with Eric.

Eric studied Kristen. Even after the hundreds of girls he had been with, she was shockingly pretty. It had been hours since he had been with a woman, and the hunger arousal was building in his stomach. He was already getting stiff looking at her. Still, Eric had learned iron self control over his years of captivity; he had hours to go before he'd lose that control. Kristen looked terrified, and Eric decided if this was going to be a new chapter in his life on the ship, he was going to start it by being considerate of the girls again.

"Hi Kristen. Uh, how old are you?"

"Nineteen" she said hesitantly. She had a breathy, alto voice, Eric's groin gave another lurch.

"God, you make me feel like an old man, I was 24 when they took me. That was... I don't know how long ago. Maybe a few years"

"It sounds terrible."

"Everything on this ship is terrible, I know some might see me as lucky. But it turns out a slave of any type is still a slave. How'd you end up with the resistance?"

Kristen became visibly more relaxed as she talked.

"Well, I was taken during a friend's graduation party. I'm sure my friends were taken too, but I haven't seen them yet. I woke up strapped to a table. I don't know what they were going to do to me. I was being transported down a corridor with a bunch of other people when there was an explosion. The resistance was on a raid, and they brought me here with them."

Eric paused "So you're ok with this, with us."

Kristen looked down, flushing "Yeah, when I got here and found what they had saved me from, I wanted to do whatever I could to help. When they explained what they wanted, of course I freaked out. But I'm not a fighter, and I want to do more than farm or clean so..." She looked up at him and smiled. "Besides, I always liked older guys."

Eric smiled back "Is this... you first time?"

She didn't hesitate "No, I had a boyfriend back home. Though he barely knew what he was doing. Its weird, I spent so much time with him trying not to get pregnant, it's weird to be here and asked to start making babies... or whatever."

She looked him in the eye "So how does this work?"

Now it was Eric's turn to blush "Well, it's pretty simple, they made my saliva a super aphrodisiac, so all I have to do is kiss you and things will go from there."

"That's convenient. Uh, lay one on me."

Eric hesitated "Can we undress first?"

"O-kay, why?

"As soon as I kiss you, you'll lose control, you won't be able to stop yourself, I want to go as far as we can with you under your own free will, so I know it's your choice. I'm tired of forcing people."

Kristen looked him in the eye and nodded. "You're a good guy Eric, give me a minute."

Kristen stood up and calmly removed her shirt. Not taking her eyes off Eric, she unbuttoned her pants and slid them down her thighs. "Will you help me with my bra?" Kristen turned around. Eric's penis went stiff when he saw she had a thong, and a great ass filling it. Eric reached up and unhooked her bra in one smooth motion. 

"You're way better at that than by boyfriend."

"I've had lots of practice"

Kristen grabbed her thong and pulled it down, sticking her ass towards Eric as she bent over. He wondered if she was teasing him, even though she was acting very businesslike. She turned around and stood naked before him. Her body was as beautiful as her face.

"Your turn buddy."

Eric gave a start and rapidly undressed. Kristen nodded approvingly. "Nice, though a little hairy."

"Ouch!"

Kristen gave a laugh "Well, you ready now?"

"Yeah uh lets lay on the bed."

They laid down side by side staring at the ceiling for a minute.

"Eric, it's really ok."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah."

"Okay , let's do this."

Eric took Kristen's hand and started sucking on her pointer finger. Kristen looked puzzled for a minute, then drew in a breath. "I can feel it, it's like heat traveling up my arm."

"Yup that's it, you should really feel it in a second."

Kristen nodded, then gave a little gasp, Eric saw her nipples stiffen and her back arched a little.

"Oh god, that feels great!" Kristen laid back on the bed with a sigh and started running her hands over her body. Eric leaned over her and started kissing her neck. Kristen started gasping "Oh god, Oh!" Getting into it now, he traced circles over her breasts and pinched her nipples, his tongue traced the contours of her stomach. He put a hand between her legs and rubbed her clit. Kristen gasped and arched her back, her legs twitched as shocks were sent up her spine. Totally into it now, Eric climbed on top of her, he felt her pubic hair against his thigh. He kissed her deeply, running his tongue in her mouth, and slowly pushed into her. He heard her groan through the kiss as he entered her. He felt her pressing around him, warm and went. He began to thrust into her. During his captivity, Eric had been with hundreds of women, and he had learned how to pace himself. He put his hands on her hips, guiding her to move with him. He raised himself up so he could look at her whole body, entwining his fingers with hers.

Then, for the first time in a while, Eric looked into the eyes of the girl beneath him. Kristen was moaning with each of their thrusts, lust and joy were shining on her face. Eric felt himself getting hotter, felt the spring in his groin winding tight. He came hard, with a cry he started pounding into her. Kristen gave a scream with each push. After a minute, Eric was spent, he collapsed on Kristen and rolled off of her, to come to rest in the same position they were before starting.

"That was way better than with my boyfriend."

Eric laughed "I'm glad."

"Still didn't come though."

"Don't worry, you'll be doing a lot of that in a minute."

"Sounds ok, when does it start?"

"Give it a minute."

The waited, staring at the ceiling. Suddenly Kristen gave a gasp. "I think its starting. I feel like... Oh Christ!"

Kristen arched off the bed, thrusting her crotch in the air. Her belly began to swell just above her groin. It rapidly filled in, pushing out to four inches.

"Oh god Eric, that felt so good, I can't, I can't.." Kristen was getting hysterical, overwhelmed by the changes to her body.

"Its ok, I'm right here." Eric stroked her cheek, and Kristen calmed down. In a second the gave a cry an writhed on the bed. Her belly swelled out, getting rounder and wider. It pushed up into the air to about eight inches.

"H-How many more times will this happen?"

"About two or three more times, don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you."

As Eric lay next to her, Kristen went through a series of growth spurts. Each time, she felt like a spring was winding up in her groin, accompanied by a fluttering in her belly. When the tightness became unbearable, it would release in a wave, enveloping her whole body in ecstasy. She would moan and cry and arch her back as the heat raced through her body. At the same time, the fluttering became an intense pressure and her stomach would swell out a few inches.

After a few more growth spurts, Kristen's belly had pressed out to that of a nine month along woman. Her belly button had been pushed out, and pointed to the ceiling.

Kristen felt a shifting inside her, and waves of pleasure started eminating from her groin over her body. Hese were milder than the orgasms she felt before. Eric could see her belly dropping lower and saw movement in her pubic hair as a pod moved into her birth canal. Green fluid began to leak out of her.

"Eric, what's happening?"

"Its ok, you're about to go into labor. In a minute you'll feel the urge to push. Just go along with what your body's telling you, and you'll be fine. Kristen, it'll feel so good we may not be able to talk, so I just wanted to say thanks for making this ok."

"Eric, I... Oh I feel it, I need to push!"

"Push Kristen! Do it."

Kristen gave a loud scream Eric knew well. Kristen came so hard it felt like hot wax had been poured on her clit. It enveloped her whole body in a tingling inferno. She pushed down with all the muscles in her groin and belly. As Eric watched, more fluid spurted out of her, and her opening stretched as the first pod was pushed out. After a few seconds, Kristen gave another scream and pushed. She was at the peak of a climax that never ended, and it banished all thought. As Eric watched, Kristen's opening stretched again and again as she pushed out pod after pod. Each new pod jostled the ones that came before it, making a pile on the bed. After a few minutes. Kristen's stomach had sagged down to normal. Eric pushed her hair our of her face. She gave a contented sigh, rolled over, and went to sleep. 

After a minute, Eric got up an dressed, he threw a sheet over Kristen an went to the door. Adam was waiting outside.

"Were you out here the whole time?"

"Yeah, but don't worry, we soundproofed your room."

"Oh uh, good. Well, we're done."

"Ok." Adam remained businesslike, "I'll get the doctor. Kristen will need nutrients ASAP. Then I'll gather up the pods."

"Ok, leave two pods for me please."

"Why?"

Eric gave him a look

"Ok, I suppose you deserve them. See you later."

Adam strode off. Eric went back to his room to wait with Kristen.

...

A few days later. Kristen was up and on her feet. Eric went to see her.

"how you feeling?"

"Fine, I'm fine. Just tired. Though after being with you, I don't know if I'll be able to go back to my boyfriend."

Eric smiled "You should find a nice Dendarite rebel. They're supposed to be demons in the sack."

"Yeah so I heard." Kristen looked down and gathered herself, then looked up.

"Eric I was thinking. Maybe in a few weeks we could... do it again? I talked to the doctor, he said I have enough eggs for five or six more times, and, well, if its ok..."

"Are you sure that's what you want?"

Kristen looked him in the eye. "Yes, I think it is."

Eric smiled. "Well, I'll think about it."