 There is much to be learned when two monsters come together. 

 For any who were wanting to know more about Melina and her powers, this extra-long chapter is for you.  

Special thanks to volunteer editor stbkvln,  who is somehow still churning out edits to this longer work, and whose username is still a mystery to me.  

*** 

Chapter 7 

An hour after the morning birdsong had tapered off, Vardan finally broke their silence. They were in the process of crossing an open field of tall grass and wildflowers. 

"How much farther must we go?" The weariness had ground his words to a low croak. His expression matched. 

"Far enough that pursuit becomes unappealing." 

"Have we not already reached that point? Nobody knows where we went, and I doubt such a large group will search for more than a few miles." 

"Yes, but a handful of determined individuals could find our trail and set out along our path. It may take them longer, but we can still feasibly be found," said Melina, remembering purple smoke and the smell of herbs. Vardan deflated, and trudged onward. When she saw how downtrodden he looked, she explained further. "Do you see that high ridge to the southwest?" He nodded. "That will offer us a vantage point, from which we can plan our path to the next town. We will need to avoid major roads and anything we can't cross on foot, and there is only so much my senses can see. We'll be there in half a day, at most." The introduction of a goal seemed to encourage him, and his gaze lingered on their destination. 

When they reached the opposite end of the field, they entered a dense grove of tall, thin trees. Old growth cast deep shadow on the earth below, smothering new plant life before it had a chance to take root. It made for easy travel, and Melina sped up. 

She froze when she heard a blissful harmony of voices echoing distantly off the tree trunks. The blood drained from her face. 

"Do you hear that?" asked Vardan, approaching her side. "My, that is lovely. What do you suppose it is?" He caught sight of her rigid expression. "Melina?" 

"Silence," she said, "she knows we're here." 

"Who?" 

"Shh!" 

Melina listened, while Vardan stared in utter confusion. The song was quick and bright, leaping this way and that like the trees it played off of. Her voice was nearly a full octave higher than Melina's, and lingered in the upper branches like the sunlight. It was not yet a threat, but a clear warning: Go no further, it said. 

"We're about to enter her territory," explained Melina, deep in thought. 

"Whose?" 

"A sister's." Vardan's jaw dropped. 

"That singing... that's one person? Another succubus?" Melina nodded. "Is she nearby?" 

"No. She's two miles to the north. But I've no idea how far her territory spans." Vardan looked as if he had a thousand questions on his mind. Sure enough, he began to ask them. 

"When you say 'sister', do you mean...?" He trailed off. 

"We are not related by blood, as far as I know. It's simply what we call one another." 

"Are we in danger?" 

"Potentially, if we proceed forward." Melina sighed as she pondered whether that was the best option. She held up a finger to Vardan before he could ask another question. "We have to. Continuing west is our safest option, and allows us to go unseen for at least a few more days. Permit me a moment." She stepped ahead of him, feeling the sunlight dim around her. 

She sang a response, her voices smooth and low, matching the key her sister had used to show acknowledgment and respect. Her song cascaded through the forest and echoed more than Melina was accustomed to, creating interesting variations in the rhythm. She pleaded for permission to advance, and added tones of deference and peace. Several nearby songbirds flitted in the upper branches of the trees, cocking their heads at the unfamiliar singer. 

"That answers my next question," whispered Vardan, a sense of wonder in his voice. He took a hint from Melina's patient silence, and waited. The answer came half a minute later, with the same upbeat tones as before. They both listened carefully. When it ended, Vardan sighed through his nose. 

"That may well be the most beautiful thing I've ever heard," he murmured. His eyes shone with sincerity and awe. "You have an incredible gift, Melina." And she felt as if it were the first time another being had been able to hear her. She loved singing so dearly, but until now it could only enchant humans or communicate with other alpha predators who posed a threat. Neither could do what Vardan just had. 

It was such an unexpectedly intimate moment that Melina hesitated, briefly forgetting the danger, as she remembered the way Vardan had looked at Ivette the previous night. His eyes held the same sad longing, heartbreaking in their vulnerability. 

"What did she say?" he asked. 

"Well, she isn't going to kill us on sight," she said after a pause. Vardan raised his eyebrows. 

"Knowing that was a possibility does not exactly lessen my concern." 

"In any case, she has agreed to meet us and discuss terms of our passage. Come." She motioned him deeper into the trees. 

"She's coming here? To speak to us?" He sounded both nervous and excited at the idea. 

"She is already on her way. Tread slowly and keep your voice low. Allow me to lead the conversation when the time comes." 

He trotted after her, his heart thrumming. Melina's nerves were as as on edge as his, perhaps more so, because she had previously experienced the full implications of what could happen. From the north, she heard an irregular increase in birdsong and kept her attention focused on it. Her hands trembled, and she gripped the straps of the pack tighter to conceal them. She attempted to focus on the cool breeze in her face, and the springy earth beneath her feet. 

Fifteen minutes later, the birdsong drew close, and Melina called a halt to drop their packs to the ground. Vardan followed suit, but shot her a quizzical look. She didn't answer for fear of alarming him: she needed to be unburdened and mobile in the event of a fight. The stolen dress, now ragged and soiled, was a severe hindrance which had been bothering her for miles. She stripped it off and stuffed it into an open pocket of the bag. 

Vardan gasped and immediately averted his eyes, stammering quietly. Melina rolled her eyes. 

"Oh, for demon's sake. Really?" she said. "You can't be so..." The breeze changed direction, bringing with it an unmistakable scent from behind them. She straightened, and saw Vardan had caught it too. He made to turn around, but Melina caught his shoulder just before he could. 

"Do not look her in the eye," she whispered. She inhaled deeply, held it for a moment, and then turned. 

Melina caught a fleeting glimpse of the figure approaching them before averting her eyes downward. Pale skin and golden hair seemed to glow in the half light, and her steps were silent even to Melina's ears. She pressed her palms to her forehead, showing she had no intent of using them to attack, and bowed while waiting for the sister to speak. 

"Stand," she said, her voice melodic and confident. Melina obeyed, keeping her gaze off-center to avoid challenging her. The other succubus possessed long, unruly curls of shimmering blonde hair woven through with tiny wildflowers. It hung nearly to her knees, and likely would've been even longer but for the coiled ringlets. Melina felt her heart skip at the obvious age and power, so much greater than her own. She could only hope it did not come to a fight, for even a victory would come at far too high a cost. 

"Why do you seek to enter my lands?" she asked calmly. 

"We seek only to cross," said Melina, drawing upon her strength to smooth her voice. "A mob of humans chased us from a town to the east, and it is only out of caution and necessity that we must journey this way." The blonde woman padded softly, beginning a slow circle around them. "We will not hunt or mark within your borders, and will leave as swiftly as we are able." 

"Do you bring hunters in your wake?" came the question from behind them. 

"I do not know. But they would be few and unprepared. The humans sought only my companion, and did not know of me." A moment of silence passed, and Melina felt obliged to continue. "If they arrive, they may make for decent prey. Several were quite attractive, and would have to be young and able-bodied to follow us this far." The woman chuckled humorlessly. 

"A paltry compensation," she said, coming into view around the other side. "What will you give for the privilege of safe passage?" Melina considered, and took a gamble. 

"Any material goods we carry are yours if you wish," she said. If Vardan had reacted negatively to her proposal, she hadn't heard it. "We have a number of fine jewels, and..." 

"I have no need of such things," she said, cutting her off. Damn! Time for the last resort. 

"Then I offer knowledge which would likely save your life." The blonde laughed at that, a clear show of how ridiculous it sounded. "I am in earnest. There's a new predator who stalks our lands, seeking us out. And he knows more than enough to succeed." That got her attention. She peered curiously at Melina's face and sniffed the air, assessing the truth of her words. 

"Where did you see this?" 

Melina shook her head slightly. "I will answer your questions if you accept my offer," she said. The blonde stared her down for a half minute while pacing in measured steps before her, examining them both closely. Her emotions were so well restrained that Melina could not fathom what she was thinking. After an eternity, she spoke. 

"Very well," she purred softly, "I accept. You may pass through without interference, so long as you keep to your word." Melina heard Vardan release a noisy breath behind her, and her own heart quieted. 

"A human hunter," she began, "Baccus of Lavos. He is beardless, has hair the same color as your own, and travels with a horse and cart." The blonde stood a touch too close for Melina's comfort, and was still. "He carries with him supplies and knowledge for a ward which can rob us of power. It is difficult to spot until it's already too late. Look for a Lavosi tent, five-pointed with a high center, and burnt orange in color. And if you catch the scent of a virgin man on the wind, run in the opposite direction. You will know it by hints of smoke woven through the smell." 

"Where?" 

"He was last seen heading north, some thirty miles northeast of here." 

The blonde's hair cascaded over her shoulders, partially covering her breasts, hips, and thighs. It shifted as she turned her head, and a single flower petal fluttered to her feet. 

"Is this accurate?" she addressed Vardan. Before he could speak, Melina answered. 

"He does not know of it. We only met yesterday." She grew anxious when the attention was shifted to Vardan, and felt a sudden urge to step between them. Don't you dare look at him, enchantress. He is under my care. 

She stepped closer to Melina, causing her heart to flutter, and reached out with a slow hand. There was no aggression in the motion, but Melina was tensed to spring into action at the slightest hint of an attack. She touched the underside of her chin, urging her to look upward. Melina obeyed, and looked into the sister's eyes. Deep green shadows peered back at her through long lashes, while tiny lips were pressed together in thought. The woman held an air of stillness and restraint which reflected her maturity, and Melina found it unnerving. She kept wanting to fidget, to look away or say something, but she held the other succubus's gaze. It was impossible to know what she was thinking. 

Finally, she dropped her hand and stepped back. Melina averted her eyes once more. 

"I thank you for this information," she said. Would that it does not prove useful to you. "You may be on your way. My western border is marked by a small marshland. Look for the duckweed which grows there." She turned to leave, golden curls shimmering in the dim light, but then paused and looked over her shoulder. "Avoid the southern ridge," she said. "There's a harpy who makes her nest there. And she does not take kindly to pretty things." Melina inclined her head, remaining silent while watching her go. She stepped past a cluster of tree trunks, and vanished from Melina's senses. 

She released a shaky breath, her shoulders aching from how tense she'd been. Her fingers went to her hair, unraveling the braid to keep them occupied. 

"You might have been more truthful about the level of danger we were in," said Vardan. Melina turned to him. "Your fear was palpable. I shudder to think what could make you tremble like that." But in that moment, she only felt grateful that she'd been able to keep them from harm. 

"It worked, did it not?" she said, bending to pick up one of his packs. 

"Indeed it did. Remarkably useful warning, that." 

"Yes," she replied, nodding in agreement, "especially considering we were heading towards that very ridge." 

"I meant yours." 

Melina tensed, and would not meet his gaze. It took a conscious effort to keep buried terror from bursting forth. She'd been able to keep herself distracted enough to avoid thinking of it until now. 

"How did you come by this information, Melina?" His voice was soft, and close at her shoulder. She reigned in her wandering mind with a considerable effort. 

"Tell me who I remind you of first." She turned to face him. He'd stepped into a narrow beam of sunlight which hit his hair and nose, and in the brightness she saw that his eyes were not simply dark; they were black. Perfectly so. There was no distinction between iris and pupil, and no depth to them. They were alien, mysterious, and captivating all at once. 

He winced and did not answer, his eyes a terrible ruination. He turned away, fiddling with an amulet at his chest. Melina was not the only one with ghosts dogging her thoughts. 

*** 

"How far does her territory span?" 

"There's no way to tell at the moment. It could be five more miles, could be twenty. It depends on a fair number of factors. I can't smell or hear a marshland yet. Can you?" 

"Not yet," said Vardan. He accepted her outstretched hand, using it to steady himself as they vaulted over a recently-fallen tree. The trunk was remarkably long, putting the relative height of its neighbors into perspective, and had been caught short of the forest floor. "Then your territory is nearby?" he asked. Melina shook her head. 

"I was in the process of selecting a new one when we met." 

"So how is it you know this area so well? You've been navigating as if you've walked this path a hundred times." Melina shrugged. 

"I've seen much wilderness through many seasons. After so many transitions, you learn what to look for. Scents and sounds. Flora, fauna, and terrain." She brushed her hand along the delicate leaves of a sapling, wishing it luck. It had managed to find a patchy beam of sun reaching through the canopy. "There is much to appreciate." 

"Have you spent your entire life outside of civilization?" 

"Yes. I've only wandered close out of curiosity or necessity." Vardan hummed in thought as he trailed noisily behind her. 

"Which was it this time?" 

"The latter." 

"Would you mind if I asked why?" 

"Yes," she said, "I would." 

Melina had selected a route which was far more traversable than the previous night's. She kept a level path, and eased their pace from a forced march to a stroll. The presence of the other succubus had the unanticipated effect of putting her mind at ease, knowing the possibility of pursuit was significantly lowered. And without the ridgeline as a goal, there was no reason to tire themselves unnecessarily, as she did not know how far they would need to travel to the next town. 

Yet Vardan still lagged behind often. His particular lifestyle of luxury did not afford him the same level of endurance that she possessed. But she couldn't fault him for it; her daily life was likely as indulgent in different ways. Where he might spend a night sampling food and wine, she could just as easily spend an afternoon basking on a sunlit riverbank. 

"Have you spent your entire life among humans?" she asked after a period of silence. 

"Yes." He made a grunting noise. "It still bothers me that you use the word 'humans' instead of 'people'. Though I suppose that's a deeper issue than a simple vocabulary choice." He sighed as Melina eyed him with a raised eyebrow. "I've spent years in certain cities and towns, and have grown quite close with many, many people. It's so strange to think that you were literally raised in the woods. We often joke about that as an insult to someone's civility." 

Melina chuckled. "It doesn't seem a joke now, does it?" 

"No. In fact, it appears I have several new gaps in my knowledge to fill." He nearly tripped over a protruding root as he admired the canopy overhead. Melina stifled a laugh. "Do you have any sisters? Real ones, related by blood. Or, any relatives at all for that matter?" 

"I'm not entirely certain," she replied. "I know of my mother, but I've not seen her for over a decade. We are solitary creatures, you see. Any interaction would only be a result of disputes over prey or territory." 

"And you've experienced those?" 

"Yes. Though it only came to blows a couple of times." 

"It's just so peculiar," he said, shaking his head. "To think, there is so much you've never experienced or learned." 

"I could say the same of you," said Melina, keeping his arrogance in check. He inclined his head. 

"Of course. It's as I suspected: we've much to learn from one another." 

"Have you any other questions for me?" asked Melina, growing somewhat weary of the conversation. 

"Plenty. But for now, the most important one: will you please put some clothes on?" Melina laughed loudly before answering. 

"No." 

*** 

For the next several hours, they intentionally avoided talk of the state of the town they'd abandoned. Melina attempted to ask of it once, but he'd only looked downward and fiddled with a buckle. The lack of interaction allowed her thoughts to wander, and her vision to play tricks on her. Being deep in the forest once more carried with it fear and familiarity in equal measure. A particular bird's song reminded her of waking to the sound of whistling. The feeling of grass beneath her feet was the same grass she'd laid upon night after night, bound and gagged. The feel of the pack on her shoulders was a leather collar at her neck and ankles. On more than one occasion, Vardan made an unexpected noise or motion which caused a brief panic to flare in her chest. A particularly loud and sudden sneeze caused her to yelp in alarm, eliciting an immediate apology from Vardan. He was sincerely remorseful, but Melina wasn't upset with him in the slightest; she was worried for herself. It was so unlike her to be so on edge, dwelling in the past so fully, but she couldn't seem to think of anything else. 

When the trees overhead thinned and shortened, the undergrowth returned in earnest. It made for slower going, and she was unable to select a direction which would be easy for Vardan. His breath and footfalls became noisy, and conversation ceased. When he stumbled, Melina carried his pack. And when he fell, she carried him as well, slinging his arm about her neck and supporting his weight. As dusk fell, he could go no further, and Melina laid him down on a soft patch of moss coating a long-dead tree. 

Vardan groaned and shifted stiffly, looking as if it cost him all of his conscious energy to do so. His eyes were half-lidded and distant. Where before he'd been averting his gaze the instant Melina fell within his view, he now stared through her as if she weren't there at all. 
