 The lamp was lit and a flame began to burn and shed enough light to dimly illuminate the room causing many shadows to flicker back and forth between the many tomes and manuals. The library was incased in solid stone walls with many shelves of books, old wooden chairs, and tables. The Library was very old and also a temple to Oghmora the god of all knowledge, and inside the vast library contained knowledge on just about anything one could imagine under the sun of the Geos. 

The lamp also cast a light on the shadowed face of Mytheria Melfagul, a Beautiful Golden haired elf with perfectly almond shaped eyes, a long slender nose and a small mouth with slightly pouty lips. The light was also shed upon the book before her eyes, The one she had been looking for. It was a book about a long forgotten civilization of a people that lived thousands of years ago off an Island not far to the south of the City of Sharkton from which she was now located.

The peoples of the Sinerian Isles were very hedonistic in there ways enjoying all the pleasures that life brought to them: foods, wines, drugs and many acts of sexual pleasure. The book told of the end of their civilization and a curse and also of lost treasure, magic, and powerful artifacts, which were created by the Sinerian race. The book told the story of how the Sinerian Hedonism was pleasing with their gods at first but as over time the acts of sex became more vile and perverse, and the Sinerian began to ignore their gods as well and in time the land became dark and the Sinerian race became vile, wicked and evil. Acts of murder, thievery and rape became not uncommon amongst these once grand people, and with tears of sadness Rhu the goddess of joy, mirth and pleasure turned away from her peoples and their divine magics which was once blessed by her became dark and evil and twisted. Cyrion the Red, god of vengeance, justice, and morale purity sent his followers to eradicate the evils of the Isle and they had no protection and the race was destroyed by the crusaders who arrived by hundreds of ships at once. And so was the end of the once proud race of peoples known as the Sinerian. 

This is a legend Mytheria already knew and knew quite well and she was quickly scanning through the tome to find more detailed information about a particular legendary item located at the Center of the Isle to discern its location. This item had been lost for years to the antiquities of time. Many scholars even doubted its existence. Mytheria however knew of its making from her own family history. This artifact was blessed by the goddess, Rhu, and forged with powerful arcane magics by the Highest of the Sinerian wizards. 

Mytheria began getting more and more knowledge about the location of the Scepter of Multiple Orgasms and its location deep inside of a well guarded vault. She found the information on the entrance point of an ancient dungeon which led to the vault. Being very pleased with the information that she found, she closed the book causing a cloud of dust to puff forth from the pages. She then took her holy symbol of Rhu, a small ivory chalice inlaid with etchings of three roses forming a triangle, with her long nimble elf fingers up to her lips and gave the chalice a kiss as which was a common religious ritual among the followers of Rhu. Then let the holy symbol fall back to her chest catching itself on the silver cord about her neck. Mytheria then stood up proud and quite satisfied with the information she had just retrieved from the vault. 

Suddenly a mysterious chilled wind blew through the chambers of the library and extinguished the lamp and all went pitch black about the room. Mytheria hurriedly began to cast a minor incantation to cause the flame in the lamp to come back on but as soon as she began to mutter the first words of the casting a warm touch of what felt like solid air caressed the back of her neck breaking her concentration to the spell. A chill of fear ran down her spine at the same time the touch was very inviting and caused her to feel a slight wave of pleasure come over her. 

Then she felt the very air its self begin to wrap around her body like a pair of insubstantial arms gripping her around her hips and chest. Her small elven feet then lifted slowly from the ground on which she stood. Her heart began to race as fear and excitement overcame her. Her thoughts raced through her head," what has got a hold on me, obviously not a creature of substantial matter, but a ghost or perhaps something even more sinister or wicked like the manifestation of a demon, but then a again it could be a blessing of Rhu sent to me as a reward and reminder."

She still wasn't sure if it was either the former or the latter and just incase it wasn't a blessing she thought she must act fast and be free of whatever it was that was lifting her slowly higher and higher towards the tall ceiling of the library. She began to mutter the words and do the finger movements of a spell that was designed to dismiss such presences back to there home plane or resting grounds. And as much as she concentrated on the incantations of the spell, it mattered not, for this time the spirit, being displeased with her attempts to banish it, interrupted the mutterings of the spells incantation. Mytheria abruptly felt the warm force of air solidify more as a phallic column of what felt like force energy was pressed up against her lips prying her mouth open and it slid all the way to the back of her throat causing her to gag and cutting off any more attempts at using her magical powers. 

As the two appendages of air lifted her even higher towards the Ceiling of the chamber she began to feel the small column of force slide back and forth in rubbing the top of her mouth and her throat, She made an attempt to bite down on the force inside her at no avail as the air inside her mouth solidified to the hardness of steel. 

Mytheria was now utterly frightened as she had lost total control to some sort of spirit which she had no clue about or about what it was going to do to her. She tried to struggle a bit grabbing out and moving around trying to get a hold of what ever it was that had her, but there was nothing to grab at as her arms were just reaching and swinging out into thin air. Her hands then went for where she could feel the force lifting her by her waist and the force was still there and lifting her but her hands cut right through it and she could feel her own skin as well like the force of air was not there. She started kicking and turning and tossing about in the middle of the air flailing her arms and legs wildly trying with all she had to be set free or dropped back to the floor, and as much as she fought she still ascended to the ceiling at a very slow steady pace. 

She then felt a very soft warm touch of air slowly gently caress the back of her neck again. The warm air then went over and caressed the back of her pointed ears and she began slowly calming down as the feelings of air started touching and warming her body with very pleasurable sensations. 

Then she just went limp and soft as she tried to relax and hoped that she was going to be ok after this experience. The warm soft touches of air then began to touch her in other areas on her body. The sides of her face, the front of her chest, along the backs of her arms and even on the tops of her hands. She felt the warm touch stiffen on the back of one of her knees just right above her soft leather boots and right under her skirt . It began to be more than a touch as it became more substantial feeling like a mouth slowly sliding and kissing its way up from the back of her knee to the back of her thighs. She felt the soft cloth of her skirt begin to lift from the back. At the same time more wisp of what was warm air began to slowly solidify into the form of what felt like mouths and tongues all over her body. Her low cut blouse was pushed downward with a force exposing her small but round supple breast to the air. As several mouth shaped forces of air had already begun lightly kissing and sucking along her thighs, arms, legs and neck. She felt the very real sensation of both of her nipples being sucked up into a mouth at the same time and then both of her breast was being lightly bitten and nibbled upon which sent a feeling of pleasure to her woman hood. 

The licking and sucking of her breast and other body parts continued as her body began to float up and tilt until it was horizontal to the ceiling. Then she felt her back being pinned up against the coldness of plaster high above facing down to the library floor. 

Mytheria began to feel more aroused with the spirits warm touches and sucking all over her entire body and she wanted to speak out to the spirit which had her in its grasp but could not as her mouth was open from the force of the invisible spirit forming her lips in an O shape. It began to tease and tantalize her and she could now feel one of the solidified forces of air mouths slide up her inner thigh and she could feel moisture being left behind by the intangible mouths. Mytheria, out of instinct spread her legs even though there was no need to because the spirit could get to any of her body parts that it wanted to. She opened her legs wide putting the bottoms of her feet flat against the high domed ceiling. The mouth continued sliding up the inner part of her thigh and she then she felt the mouth cup her soft mound as what felt like a tongue began to lick slowly back and forth across her clit sending shivers of sensations through her entire body. The spirit tongue began to flick hard against her clit causing moisture to build up inside of her sex. She began to reach out with her arms making an attempt to feel and pleasure the spirit that was doing this to her, but despite her effort the only thing that was there in front of her was air. She then gave up on trying to touch the creature which was certainly doing way more than touching her. She simply decided to relax and enjoy this closeness to the supernatural and put her arms up by her head and tilted her head back closing her eyes. 

Her legs spread even farther apart as the mouth that was sucking and tongue flicking her sex began to reshape and remold into a current of air that felt like the head of a large penis pushing back and forth across her sex. The small framed elf, pinned by arms to the ceiling, lunged her hips forward trying to force the phallic air shaft inside of her. 

The shaft of air just slid back and forth across her pushing her clit all around in circles and then all at once it penetrated her sex forcing its way deep inside of her growing wetness. It felt so large inside of her expanding and pressing the walls of her sex as it moved back and forth giving her pleasure causing her hips to thrust back and fourth with the motion of it. The feeling inside of her sex was so powerful and pleasurable that she barley noticed that hundreds of air shaped mouths that was sucking and nibbling on her entire body. However the feeling she did still notice, the one of having her breast pulled and tugged and bitten on just added to the sensation of her woman hood being filled and violated by some unknown thing. 

The spirit began going faster and harder and deeper inside of the elf wizard pushing her to her limits, her body began to sweat as her thighs shook and her feet pressing hard into the ceiling thrusting her hips down towards the floor. All at once she came to a climax as her body shook with intense pleasure coursing through her, and her sex gushed wetness which ran down her legs. After she began to cum, the force did not let up but even became more tense forcing its way deep inside her to the point the pleasure was to tense and she could hardly take it and she began trying to push at the air to force its way out of her but the more she struggled the tenser it got. She squirmed around on the ceiling as the relentless shaft of air kept invading her already exhausted sex. Then she began to cum once again shaking violently as it coursed through her and then another wave of pleasure hit making her cum once more while still in the process of coming the second time. It felt so tense and good that it hurt and her stomach muscles began to knot up as she began to cum even once again this time even tenser than the first three. The spirit moved in and out of her with a great tenseness and all at once she felt the pressure of the pounding subside, as the phallus began to thrust in her with deep penetrating slow hard forceful strokes and then all at once it slowed to a stop and the spirit disappeared. Right at that moment she noticed that her sex was dripping wet, as the arms of air began slowly lowering her back down to the table, and she could talk for the first time. 

"Who are, what are you?" she asked the thin air about her as if talking to the creature that just done this to her. 

"That was most wonderful. Praise Rhu," she said with a slight gasp but did not get any response from the spirit at all or what ever it was.

It simply just laid her exhausted body down on the table close to the lantern and book. As she laid there, she took her fingers and touched her own sex feeling the wetness inside of it and her fingers felt a creamy warm substance on them that was not her own and it stuck to her fingers as well. She pulled them forth realizing that the spirit had left something physical and tangible behind inside of her which didn't cause her to worry to much, because it was simply taken care of by one of her minor spells.