 Disclaimer: This story contains elements of demonic corruption, brainwashing, and a demoness with a very lovely cock. Though it is tagged as "futa" for clarity's sake, it's worth remembering that such body parts are not any kind of airtight gender signifier in real life. In this case, of course, demons are shapeshifters, and take whatever form that suits them.

This story is set long before the events of Monstrous Ranch, and is about 75% canon, as it's a requested piece with a very specific requested ending.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Silas had never imagined a portal to Hell could be so beautiful. The colors shimmered and spiraled, spasming within the silver cables containing them.

The cables had been woven in a complex orb spider web-like structure between two great orchard trees, designed to hold the magics in with minimal contamination. The portal was about a foot off the ground, just as Bubbles's book had advised—If it's too high, things will slip into your dimension too quickly. Too low, and you just might slip into theirs.

Already, things were slipping out, alright. The violet energies crackled as vines snaked out—vines Silas had not seen since a long-ago trip to the Evergreen Forest, a whole continent away. Emerald vines covered in big leaves and big, plump scarlet blossoms that looked unmistakably like plush, painted lips.

The vines slithered out, little giggling sounds accompanying them. Silas watched them take root almost instantly. Oh, how quickly they spread.

"It's very... pretty," he commented, licking his lips. He took a cautious step back as the vines continued to spread, but they seemed content to avoid him, slithering through the grass, winding up tree trunks, rooting themselves all around in the soil. The portal shimmered with promise as the whorelip spewed forth. "Don't you think, Bubbles?"

"Mm..." Bubbles wriggled against him as she sucked and slurped along his neck. The busty, hourglass-figured lust sprite's tail twitched along his hips, playing with the buttons along his shirt. Her desire for him hung in a hot aura around her, as always, filling both of them with virility and passion. "Pretty. Told you it would be! Mm..."

He petted her hair fondly as he held her to his side. Bubbles was by far his favorite girl on the Ranch. Most of the lust sprites favored his brother, the hucow-obsessed bastard. His idiot titwit of a brother got all of them to himself, in the Master's bed, screaming and moaning every night in his arms.

But not Bubbles. Bubbles didn't care that Silas been born a few minutes later. Bubbles had always loved Silas best, seen that he was the more deserving Master, stayed in his bed every night. Bubbles was his. And thanks to Bubbles, things were about to change around here.

"I doubt Romulus would have thought of something like this," he mused, tilting his head to give her kisses easier access. "So the whorelip will not serve him, is that correct? They will serve their summoner, but they aren't fey like you."

"Uh-huh!" Bubbles moaned, sliding up and down his body, grinding against him. "Oh, yes, Silas!" Her horns, Silas noticed, were getting very hot. That was new. "Super easy to control whorelip! But there's more that's gonna come."

"More?" Silas raised an eyebrow. He stroked Bubble's horns curiously. "I take it you can sense that with your... demonic essence."

"Mm-hm!" Bubbles planted kisses along his jawline. "Mm! Uh-huh!"

Romulus would have never thought of exploiting the lust sprites' natural hellish corruption. To Romulus, they were just another type of fey to enjoy in the Ambrosia Ranch, but Silas was smarter. He was the one who'd captured Bubbles' adoration, the one she'd decided to tell about the old book in the attic.

"And when more come," he said slowly, his cock hardening at the thought, "they, too, will serve me?"

"Ohhh, Silas..." Bubbles clung to him, panting. "They'll love you! We'll all love you!" She peppered the side of his face with desperate kisses.

Silas smiled slyly. The whorelip kissing his feet were... quite pleasurable, really, even as they were. But more would come?

"Romulus will never expect this," he whispered, and laughed. His hand slipped down Bubble's boyshorts, earning a coo of surprise from her. His faithful lust sprite was starting to slide down against him, panting, moaning, clinging to his shoulder for dear life. "Not of his 'little brother'." He grinned down at Bubbles. "And he's not so little, is he?" he teased.

Her tail was flicking away his shirt buttons as she stared up at him, her solid red eyes shining in bliss as his fingers rewarded his idiot counsel for her loyalty. She licked her lips, pointy red horns glowing brilliantly. Her whole form seemed to be radiating heat. Whatever this portal was doing to his slave, Silas liked it.

"M-May I see it again, Silas?" she whimpered.

Oh, yes. How Silas relished that submissiveness, denied him by every other fey on the ranch. All save for Bubbles. Bubbles was his. As they all should have been.

"Earn it," he purred, withdrawing his slick fingers and raising them to her lips. He let her lick and lap and suck up her own juices from his hand, then placed the hand on her head and pushed her downwards.

The vines started slithering up his legs as she unbuckled his belt, whimpering with need. "Oh, yes, Silas," she husked, as his cock sprang free. "We're gonna earn iMMMM..." Slurping sounds drowned out her moans as she began to bob her head, taking him all the way in as she so loved to do.

Silas clung to her, swaying. She was working faster than usual, and the pleasure was more intense, somehow. He nearly doubled over with a gasp as she slurped and moaned.

But something helped him keep his balance. Some little vines had looped around his arms from the branches above, he realized numbly. How helpful of them.

The whorelip were rising up all around, in fact. He stared at the portal as the flow of vines finally began to slow, as sweet kisses began to tickle up his sides, his thighs, his arms and neck.

Bubbles was totally immersed in the vines. Only her pretty head was exposed as she moaned and drooled and slurped over his shaft. She was pulling him down with her, those helpless, submissive moans easing him into her waiting arms within the whorelip vines.

For a moment, Silas felt worried.

Then, with a jolt, he felt outright alarm. He stared down at Bubbles, eyes wide, his heart quickening as he realized something was wrong here.

Bubbles smiled back up at him and giggled, seemingly as dumb and oblivious as ever.

"Mosssst unfortunate," whispered a soft voice as his knees finally buckled. But he didn't fall. He felt a tight, comforting grip holding him up. The vines? He couldn't feel their delicate grip anymore.

He just felt... warm.

Squeezed.

Delicate fingers with long nails took his chin and guided him to look up, away from the lust sprite currently drenching him in pleasure, up towards the portal.

The shimmering, spiraling portal.

Silas trembled as he felt both of them rising up into the air. As his cock was beginning to throb, Bubbles pulled away, and rose up to press against him once more. His cock missed the attention. Gods, he was so horny. What was going on? Who was talking to him?

But soon he felt a new pair of hot, soft lips kissing him, and the pleasure made it hard. To think. Spirals. Confused him. Whorelip. Wrapping around his cock. Kissing. Spirals. So pretty.

"Ssssink," cooed the soft voice. A forked tongue tickled his ear. "Aren't the sssspirals ssso pretty?"

"Pretty," Bubbles moaned in his other ear as he kissed him hungrily.

"No," Silas whispered. "No, stop. Bubbles, what are... what..." His eyelids fluttered, but did not close His lips hung open. "... wha..."

Giggles surrounded him. His cheeks reddened.

"Hush," hissed the voice. "Don't you want to be a massster?"

The portal was getting closer. Bubbles wrapped her arms around him, almost possessively. The spirals wore through him. His head swayed. His thoughts were having trouble progressing. They kept... looping around... looping...

"Master..." he slurred.

"Then," the voice went on, "go forth. You'll find plenty of ssslavesss beyond."

"Slaves..." His head lolled.

The voice giggled. "I'm sure a ssstrong boy like you," she purred, "will have no trouble at all making the ssssuccubi sssubmit."

"Submit..."

And as they slipped into the portal, and the warm glow of Hell suffused him, Silas felt the coils loosen their grip. Bubbles slipped back down to his aching, needy cock, and he felt her hot breath on it once more.

And he heard a chorus of delighted giggles as his eyes drifted shut.

"Ooh, what has this little sprite brought us now?" a sultry voice whispered.

"A 'Master'!" Bubbles squealed. He heard her giggle.

"Oh, is that so?" purred another voice. Silas felt warm bodies pressing against him.

"Bubbles?" he whispered, as an unfamiliar forked tongue flitted over his cock. "Bubbles, what's... what's going on?"

He felt Bubbles press against him, and her lips brushed his ear. "We're all gonna love you, Silas!" she cooed. "We're gonna love you so, so much..."

Silas dimly recalled the text on the inside of the book he had read.

When dabbling into Rift summoning, there are three things you must learn to fear:

The Rift Rangers, who will slay you on sight.

The demons you summon, who will seduce you with a glance.

And whoever willingly gives you a book as dangerous as this one.

~ ~ ~ ~

Bobbin raced through the forest, her heart pounding. Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid!

She wasn't sure if she was thinking about Silas or herself. 'Master' Silas—the spare, the redundancy—was an absolute idiot. At least his brother, obsessed with making everyone on the Ranch a godsdamn hucow as he was, had the strength of will to enforce those idiot fantasies. Silas—stupid, bitter pretty-boy Silas—had to get seduced by one of the godsdamned lust sprites.

But this was partly on her. She'd always turned a blind eye to how clearly sullen Silas was. She'd tried to indulge him when she had time, but Master Romulus used up so much of it... oh, Silas had been thirsting for anyone who would submit to him. Of course he'd fallen for a lust sprite. She'd seen how 'Bubbles' took to him. She'd seen the signs.

But she hadn't expected a damned portal to Hell.

She raced through the prisoner fruit orchard, looking around frantically for a sign of the familiar creeping vines of the local fey. Where the hell was that alraune? Brigitte was supposed to keep her posted! And where was Master? Had Silas somehow managed to...

She stopped in her tracks.

"Oh, of course," she muttered.

Master had been talking about his plans to make Brigitte nice and 'milky' when spring came. Well, it was springtime. So that was where he'd been all night.

There was no point in trying to interrupt them; Bobbin knew it from experience. Romulus would trigger her as soon as he saw her, knowing her... weakness for suckling. He loved to make her suckle the sprites, the holsstaur, the wine dryad. But she had no time to get caught up in his nonsense. Not today. There were demons in the woods.

Bobbin had to get that portal shut yesterday. She'd just have to go it alone. As usual, with these two idiots.

Her eyes narrowed as she spotted a suspicious glow from off the path. And she planned to get it done before Master ever had to know about it.

She raced into the gloom, already readying a spell as she saw what it was. Some sort of vine, but not of Brigitte's variety. The vine was slender and leafy, covered in little rose-like buds...

She went careening backward as more vines lunged from above.

The hob fell to the ground on her ass and rolled nimbly, making use of dexterity she hadn't had to use outside the bedroom in years. She leaped to her feet, panting, twisting as the vines tried to grab onto one of her wrists.

Bobbin was hardly dressed for combat. Her long brown hair was, at Master's behest, done up in cute loops in a way he'd seen in some drawing once. Her lithe body, wiry and thin, was clad in a pretty yellow dress clearly designed to put her rack—which wasn't exactly impressive, by fey standards—on full display, and the stockings she wore had gotten more than a little dirty after she'd kicked off her heels.

Master got to dress her, and he dressed her like a doll.

At least his father mostly focused this kind of attention on the cat, she thought irritably, brushing her hair back and smoothing her sideburns.

She focused on the problem at hand, clapping her hands together. Her head rang with the wards as she scouted out her options.

As the whorelip approached, she let loose a blast of runic energy. It crackled and burst as it struck the vines, which released tiny squeaks and withdrew. The smells of ozone and brimstone filled the air.

Bobbin gave chase, snarling. These vines would lead her to the source.

She loosed another spell, blasting apart another whole length of vine.

The whorelip was retreating from her in a great wave, and she realized with horror how much of it had covered the canopies of the orchard. Luckily, whorelip was a cowardly entity, and instead of rushing a clearly potentially dangerous target en masse, it fled before her.

But there was so much of it.

Bobbin leaped into the treetops as she fired off three separate bursts, forgiving the tree but not the vines so the spell would only strike them. Two shots connected, mildly singing the demonic plants just as her feet landed—a bit clumsily, thanks to the damn stockings—on the bough.

Hearing a hiss and coo from behind her, Bobbin whirled just in time to shoot through the middle of a vine she'd inadvertently cornered between herself and the trunk. The vine tumbled back to the ground.

Her amber eyes followed the vine as it hit the grass... and immediately started to take root again.

Damn it. Bobbin leaped to the ground again, ignoring the retreating vines to focus on the new sprout. The last thing she needed was two plants to deal with.

Especially not this close to that shimmering light.

She loosed a bolt at the plant, but it dodged. She hurled two more, and it wove, narrowly avoiding one as the other merely scorched off an offshoot.

"Just die!" the hob snarled, and she began raining spellfire down upon her victim. The spells cascaded on the luckless vine, and she intensified her frustration, channeling it into the magic.

She watched with satisfaction as the vine withered and burned, but kept throwing spells, noticing other little cut-off vine sprouts. Damn it, this was an infestation.

Bobbin vaguely heard movement, but assuming it was just more whorelip, she momentarily tuned it out in favor of continuing her onslaught. Her eyes were narrowed to slits upon the writhing, burning growths. Die. Die. Die.

In fact, she was so caught in in blasting apart the whorelip, she nearly blasted her own foot when she heard a voice from up above her.

"Ssssooo... excessssive."

The voice was breathy, sibilant, and almost... unbearably erotic.

Bobbin looked up, eyes narrowed. So the whorelip wasn't the only intruder.

Brilliant green lips parted in a wide, lovely smile.

The woman in the trees had a very large mouth, and pillowy, kissable lips that would make a milk kitten jealous. She had a lovely round face, a cute button nose, and a pair of the most gorgeous green eyes Bobbin had ever seen. Those eyes were massive—unnaturally so—and far greener than any fey's. Luminescent. Like toxic fungi.

For a moment, Bobbin was a little caught up staring at those eyes, and she forgot herself. There was something about those eyes that longed to be looked at, that demanded... close... attention...

Bobbin shut her mouth and quickly turned her attention to the rest of her. The woman had a spry, supple form, with a lovely buxom figure and a pair of wide heart-shaped hips that gave way from pale coral skin to deep fire brick-red scales. Long, flowing crimson locks drifted around her, spilling down her shoulders and around her face while somehow maintaining a perfectly alluring sha...

... wait, scales?

Bobbin slowly took in her surroundings, noting the deep red lengths that had quietly encircled the branches and trunks around her. The woman was like a lamia—but very, very long.

Because she was a demon. Those curved horns, that terrible red glow that Bobbin's fey senses could feel radiating off of her, and the distinct smell of ozone—one of the Three Scents of Hell, along with saps and syrups and soap, used to cover a demon's natural brimstone scent.

Bobbin... Bobbin meant to say something witty. Something sly. Something sharp. Something threatening.

"What are you?" she breathed, staring up in awe at the creature.

The serpent woman just smiled, winding slowly, ever-so-slowly, around her branch. She used her winding tail to slink round and round without ever ducking behind the branch—ever breaking eye contact—as she at last settled down on the branch and folded her arms over her chest. "You are Bobbin," she said, and licked her lips. She had several forked tongues. Seven.

Fiends came in all sorts of varieties, and it was nearly impossible to apply any standard measure for power—even a petty imp could get lucky and get ahold of enough power and skill to dominate seemingly 'greater' demons. But a demon didn't earn seven tongues by being stupid.

"H-How do you know my name?" Bobbin swallowed.

The serpent woman sighed softly and descended. She drifted through the air like a falling dandelion seed, looping in a wide circle, forcing Bobbin to turn in a circle to keep eye contact. "When I ssssee sssomething beautiful," she said, smiling down at Bobbin, "why should I not learn itssss name?"

Bobbin took a step back. "Well, I don't—"

The serpent woman slipped behind her, and Bobbin nearly fell backwards. Luckily, the coils were placed right below her pert ass, and so she just sat down.

She immediately leaped back up, glaring. She was being toyed with. "I don't return the sentiment!" she snapped. "And you'd better get your ass back through that portal before I burn it to a cinder!"

"Burn the portal?" The serpent woman tutted. "Ssssilly girl. Your would-be Massster wove it out of metal!"

"No, I meant—I'm—" Bobbin cut herself off. Steady, Bobbi. Focus, Bobbi. "Where is he now?" Feeling a little bit at a disadvantage, she took a more careful step back—this time dodging as the woman tried to get her to sit down again—and snapped a trio of flickering runes into life in her palm. She noted with satisfaction that the serpent woman withdrew slightly at this. "If you tell me, maybe we can end this meeting in a mutually beneficial arrangement."

The serpent woman blinked. "Mm." She smiled, and her eyes seemed to... ripple, almost. A darker green seemed to be entering them. "Mutually sssatisfactory?"

"Um." Bobbin tore her gaze away. "I'm not promising anything. But if you killed that idiot..."

"He isssn't dead!" The serpent woman giggled. "At leasssst, not by my power. Though your loyalty to sssuch a fool issss... quite attractive, Bobbi." She hummed slightly, a sweet, lilting tune. The glimmer left her eyes. She was staring at Bobbin now with a look less predatory and more... curious.

Bobbin swallowed. As the serpent woman slowly withdrew, Bobbin let the runes fade, just a little.

In truth, she did not want a fight here. If the serpent woman wasn't going to try anything, she would much rather stall, find Silas, and shut this portal down. Assuming it wasn't a truly dangerous kind of rift, doing that would be enough to send this creature home.
