 "I can't drink this," said Laika. "I'm the first to lose my top and now I'm stuck as the guinea pig for whatever the hell this is?"

"It was your frigging idea to raise the stakes." Erin laughed and the guys joined in. She always had a nervous laugh, but right now the guy's laughs were every bit as high-pitched and excited as hers.

The stakes were high. Laika had already lost her panties, although not her skirt. Everyone was topless. Mike was in his boxers and Sam was naked except for Laika's baby blue lace-trimmed underwear. She wasn't planning on wearing them again. Sam was a little chubby and the line of the panties got lost entirely in his ass crack. It was damned funny though when the bottle stopped at him and he had to literally squeeze into them.

But, this was different. The vial came from Mike's father, the first magic practitioner Laika ever met and probably the best in the state. They were both pervs too, so it was probably not only powerful, but... pervy. In fact, Mike got caught hiding invisible in the girls shower last year when they were all seniors and everyone suspected that Mike's dad was there as well because some girls smelled cherry tobacco and Mike's father always reeks of the stuff.

"How do I know this isn't all, you know, pervy?"asked Laika. The long thin vial held a clear viscous liquid that crept around the tube as she tilted it back and forth on its side. Setting the vial in her lap Laika took a thin hair tie off her wrist and secured her long wavy red hair in a bun. She loved her own hair. She even loved her bush, when it wasn't shaved bare.

"It's probably just Mike's dad's cum," said Erin. She licked her lipped in an exaggerated slurp, leaning forward into the circle where they all sat. She stuck her tongue out and bah'ed like a sheep. Laika smacked Erin's upturned ass and the two girls giggled. Mike and Sam grinned together like they'd choreographed the shared expression.

Erin crawled backwards, turning her ass to Laika and pushing it against her shoulder. "That's all you got?"

The girls laughed some more and Laika gave Erin another, harder, smack on the bare skin below the line of her boy short panties. Erin's ass was as pale and smooth as the rest of her. Her straight shoulder-length dark hair made her skin look impossibly fair. The only color on her came from her pink shiny lips and blue eyes.

"You two are definitely going to lez out," said Sam.

"C'mon," said Mike. He leaned over the empty vodka bottle sitting unceremoniously on the rug in the center of his living room. He jiggled the empty bottle. "Drink up – you gotta." Between the two of them, Mike was the buff one, a bit of a bull. They were both on the varsity lacrosse team, but Sam was bookish. Maybe it was the glasses.

"Erin, if I go into a coma or something you have to fight back their dicks because I'm in no mood for errant dicks tonight," said Laika as she considered the potion. The handwritten label read "Anthro-30, Neuro-activated". She didn't really think it was spiked or swapped out. She'd given mike a blowjob last week and she figured he'd just ask her if he really wanted to fuck her. And, Sam was too sweet to be thinking anything of the sort, although he hadn't stopped staring at her tits for ten minutes, except to look at Erin's itty bitties. She called them that herself. Laika twisted off the plastic cap on the vial. 

"One sip then we spin again," said Erin. She crinkled her nose and expressed a forced, silly, chibi eye smile.

Laika tipped back the vial to her lips. She could smell something vaguely stale and musky. It took forever for the stuff to touch her tongue. She let only a little sneak past her lips and pulled the vial away. It felt so cold and tingly and thick.

"Oh my god," said Erin as the guys cheered. Laika made a face of genuine surprise while she forced a swallow.

"Ew. Ew. It feels like lube and it tingles," cried Laika. She wrinkled her face and nose.

"What did you think of?" asked Sam, scanning her up and down obviously. He had a wide smile.

"Oh, I forgot," said Laika.

"You gotta think of an animal for it to actually do anything," said Erin.

"Think about a cat in heat," said Mike in a very direct and clear tone.

Erin laughed. "I don't think you can make it in heat specifically, idiot"

"Sure you can," said Mike.

"Cut it out," said Laika. "I want a fox." She closed her eyes and concentrated. She pictured a cute kit leaping over purple flowers in a grassy meadow.

Everyone waited quietly. Laika stood up, smoothing out the folds of her floor length black skirt. She twirled a bit, stopping a little unsteadily from the shot or two of vodka she'd been given. There wasn't much in the bottle. Mike had stolen it from Sam's mother's bedroom dresser.

"Give me the vial," said Sam. "I don't want you to drop it." He plucked it gingerly from Laika's hand. 

Laika stopped smiling. Her hand felt weird where Sam's hand had grazed, even though it was a brief touch. Her hand felt so sparkly, like little bubbles that tickled. Then she heard a pop and felt an impossibly sharp pinch on her ass. She wheeled around in a three step circle chasing her own butt with her hand as she felt behind her frantically. "Ow!"

Everyone else stood, peering at her sideways and asking if she was alright. Sam was pointing at her ass. She felt around and finally grabbed onto something low and tube-like. "What the hell is this," she thought.

Erin lifted Laika's skirt from behind. "On my god. Oh my god. She got a tail!"

Laika twisted around to see what Erin was wrestling free from under the skirt. The guys moved behind her and looked up her out-held skirt immediately.

"A fox tail," said Laika. She was starting to feel tingly all over as a feathery sensation crept across her body. 

"No way," said mike. " That's a fucking CAT tail!"

"Oh, yeah," said Erin.

"What?" said Laika. "I didn't think of a cat." She kind of did though. It was the first thing to pass through her head after Mike said it, but just for a flash and then it was all fox.

"But you thought of a cat first, I bet,"said Sam. 

"In heat," added Mike.

"I thought of a cat too, when Mike said it," said Erin. She was still playing with the two and a half foot long reddish and moderately short haired wisp-tipped tail. 

"Oh god," thought Laika. It did feel like her whole body was blushing. She probably was in heat. She knocked away Erin's hand playfully – it was suddenly too ticklish.

"I see it, I do," said Laika. "But, I'm certainly not in heat." She stuck her tongue out. She played it easy. Cool cucumber. Cool cucumber. Oh god.

Her skirt kept flaring up in the back. Laika willed her tail down and it complied, although it didn't feel comfortable like that. She thought it was insane that she could actually feel anything there, like it was another, somewhat disobedient, limb. She could feel her own butt cheeks brushing against either side of her new tail as she moved it modestly out of the way. 

"That thing is so hot," said Erin. "Show us. C'mon." 

Laika's head was pounding, like a pulse, not an ache. She tried to breathe evenly."It's just a tail. Will someone else take their turn?"

"Relax, kitty," said mike. "I want to savor the moment. The stuff only lasts for a half hour or so."

Below her tail, underneath it all, Laika was alarmed by the feeling of a deepening heat between her legs. She could practically feel her vulva swelling. It felt really weird, abnormally weird – she felt like she had a squishy ball of hot water wedged between her legs and it was inflating. Careful to keep her head in control, she showed off the last two thirds of her tail, trying hard not to let the skirt ride too high. This preservation wasn't sudden modesty – she thought for sure they'd actually be able to see whatever the fuck was going on down there between her legs.

They all took turns petting her tail. Laika almost couldn't stand it, although she wanted it too. It felt nice, like a relief, when they pet her. It was too much and not enough. It was as if she could feel the ridges of their fingerprints over each hair on her new tail while it lolled back and forth on its own in an obscene arc. Her skirt lifted up and down in time with her breaths. She could feel her pulse strongly down below.

They all settled back down on the rug. Laika sat side-saddle now, which was a little more comfortable. Her tail stuck out from the side of her skirt. Laika wondered if she could curl it around to rub her clit. Actually, she couldn't think of much else outside of getting off. 

"Well, spin it," said Sam. He did a little shoulder dance, obviously overexcited. 

"You with us, Laika?" asked Mike. "Look at her titties. Holy shit those nips are tight!"

Laika laughed it off, shaking her big chest back and forth a bit. Erin was on her boob at once, giving it a big lick around the areola and up along the side. Laika felt a head rush and her pussy pulsed. She was used to Erin playing around like this. They'd even done some finger fucking together before the party, but this was way more intense.

"Oh, fuck," said Laika, trailing off into a shaky moan. Her world narrowed down to the feel of Erin's tongue traveling up to her neck. Laika snapped back, eyes open and recomposed.

"Woah," said Sam.

"Sluts," said Mike. 

Erin giggled and gave Laika a little punch in the arm. 

Laika stuck her tongue out at Erin and then she crawled forward to the bottle. She could feel the relatively cold, cold air against her ass through the fabric. Her pussy lips were sliding independently against each other. Nothing else on her seemed to exist.

Laika spun the bottle, hard enough for it to spin three or four times on the old matted rug.

Erin. Mike. Sam. Laika. Erin. Mike. Sam. Laika. Erin. Mike. Sam.

Laika.

They cheered. Laika acted the part, shaking her head. She took the vial back from Sam. She made a show of sniffing the musky fluid and tossed it back long enough for another slippery tendril to spread over her tongue tip. She half-wished it were actually cum. She was vaguely aware that her eyes were fluttering, her head filling with visions of cock and endless balls."

"Laika?" said someone.

"A big horse cock," blurted Mike. "A big drippy horse cock." He started laughing and collapsed backwards. Erin playfully punched at his chest. He lashed back, slapping her tit.

"Ow!" said Erin. "I'm gonna bite off your balls, you fucker."

Laika lay back, trying not to think of horse cock, anything. She could feel a little motor deep inside her rattling so fast, purring. She was sure they could hear it. Someone said her name. She could hear Erin and Mike play-fighting. It felt so good when she shifted her legs.

Laika let the rattle turn into a moan and that felt... right. She rolled onto her back, arching upwards. The moan became a twisting wail. And, that felt right too. This was heat and it was too much. 

"I can't take it," said Laika. She lifted her head, something that took considerable effort. All three had crowded around her, watching. She noticed how funny Sam looked in her underwear. He was hard under there, the outline of his cock obvious in Laika's tight panties. She wanted to moan again. She realized she'd been moving her hands up and down her body the whole time.

"She is so totally in heat," said Erin. "What's next?"

"I'm not in heat," whispered Laika. "It's just hot." She laid back and raised her hips in the air again, moaning like an alley cat as she pulled her skirt back, aware of little else but the feeling of the cool air against her crotch. 

Another pop and a sharp pinch.

Laika though her ballooning pussy had exploded – for a moment, it felt just like that. She dropped her ass to the floor and sat up straight, digging her skirt out of the way. Her knees out and legs apart, Laika looked down. Like a cobra rising to strike, an oversized penis with a funny flat-topped dickhead rose up to meet her. It was light like the rest of her skin, but the head and the last portion were a soft pink.

"Hey, she has a pecker," said Sam.

"Nice!" said Mike. Erin punched him again.

Laika felt up her crotch frantically, pushing the growing cock out of her way. She first felt a tail way down below and then hot swollen mound that had to be her vulva. It looked like her own bald pussy, but it was very pink and engorged, inflated. However, she couldn't see a lot of it because of the dick sticking up of out from between the top of her puffy labia. 

"That's a horse cock," said Mike.

It was actually a horse cock. It was also her clit, Laika realized. She tried to get to her feet, but the skirt fabric falling against her new clit made her shudder and the too sensitive feel of her own pussy lips sliding against one another knocked her back down to the rug.

Erin was on her, holding Laika's bare shoulders. "Relax. Does it hurt? You just fucking around?"

Laika breathed deep. Erin smelled so good. She smelled like that cherry vanilla lip gloss, but she also smelled like wet crotch, in a good way. Laika started sobbing without tears as she flattened her shoulders to the floor and raised her ass. She arched her back high to keep her new cock off the floor. The world fell away to two thoughts: to be fucked and to fuck. She may or may not have been purring.

"This is so fucking big," said Erin and she wrapped her hand around Laika's foot long horse clit. A stream of clear fluid gushed from the flat glans into a little pile on the floor, maintaining a connection to the new cock by a thick clear string of precum.

The world was a rush of sensation as Laika pulled Erin down to the floor with her, crawling forward and rolling the giggling bright smiled Erin onto her back. Laika gave up into a rush of warm smooth skin and the smell of Erin, so clear she could almost see her even though Laika had shut her eyes tight.

Laika sucked on Erin's high, puffy areolas and obscenely big nipples. She, lapped at Erin's neck, savoring the sweetness of sweat. Pinning her against the floor, Laika locked her lips on Erin's. So wet. Laika felt like she'd been dipped in a warm bath and Erin was wriggling there with her, flesh hot against her from every direction.

"She's fucking her!" cried Sam. "Holy fuck she's doing it."

Laika inhaled clear air and realized she was thrusting hard and fast. She was inside Erin. She didn't know when she entered her friend. She hoped to god she hadn't hurt her, ripped her open. All Laika could do though is continue fucking her friend like a jackrabbit. She hammered away, sinking the massive cock a little further on every fourth or third thrust. She was amazed at how her body moved, like an... animal.

Laika tried to find Erin's lips again with her mouth, not daring to open her eyes, afraid now that her friend's face might be twisted in horror or that it might even be in ecstasy. Either state would be too much. Instead of Erin's cherry tinged mouth she found a hard dick pressed flat on the girl's face. Without missing a beat, as she forcefully fucked her friend, Laika took the dick in her mouth.

She didn't waste time sucking at it, she just fucked against the cock with her open mouth. She wanted to break her own throat open. She wanted to swallow it to the balls. She slammed her mouth against the cock each time she buried herself wall-deep into Erin's snatch. It felt good. All of it felt so good. Dizzy and gagging, Laika pulled back off the cock to catch air. Throat slime covered the cock and she mouth fucked it back inside, faster and harder. 

"Erin," garbled Laika against the cock. She pulled off the cock again, globs of throat lube sliding down her chin. She finally looked at her friend. Erin was all right. In fact, she was biting her lip and half-smiling, half-grunting with the endless thrusts. Laika wondered how many times Erin had cum – she isn't a yeller. It was hard to tell and Laika didn't give a fuck at the moment.

Laika found the cock by her face again. It was Sam's. She closed her eyes and took it in deep. 

Someone pushed her shoulders. Laika grunted and fell flat on top of Erin. Sam's cock slipped wet from her mouth. She was pinned down by Mike's full weight from behind. Laika was suddenly very aware of her pussy as Mike pushed aside her tail and his cock centered on the sloppily wet hole. He drove it inside her, balls-deep, in one solid stroke. This pushed Laika even deeper into Erin, who actually yipped. Laika didn't even have time to push back against Mike's cock like she wanted – instead, she started cumming. The world fell away in waves.

While her pussy contracted and pulsed, Laika's clit cock came alive too, pumping cum inside her friend like a sputtering hose. Her cock tensed and released and tensed again, pinned deep into Erin by Mike's weight. Laika barely hung on to consciousness. She was screaming. 

Laika stayed like that, cock spilling into Erin as Mike fucked her swollen in-heat pussy. She remembered that other cock, Sam's, and took it back into her mouth. She sucked him off while Mike fucked her, thrusting without reservation. Drained of cum, Laika's cock was snaking out of Erin's loosened cunt.

Laika kept fucking back against Mike, meeting his strokes with her pussy. Even though her horse cock hung limply, pulsing intermittently and dripping, Laika started cumming again with her pussy. All the while Sam fucked her mouth.

Mike grabbed Laika's long hair in fistfuls, pulling himself deeper into her each time. As if they'd practiced, she felt cum entering her from two ends as Sam shot deep in her throat and Mike let loose inside her. Laika swallowed repeatedly to keep from choking, Sam's cock not withdrawing an inch while he kept shooting.

Sam pulled out and Laika gasped hard for air. She was breathing heavy, unsure of when she had last inhaled. Mike fucked his semen in and out of her, holding his cock tightly in hand. He kept shoving his own cum and hers back inside with a slightly limp cock head. In between slow thrusts he rubbed himself and his cum all over her engorged pussy lips. Everything felt so right.

Sam staggered away and sat down. Mike rolled off. Laika dismounted Erin.

Pop. Laika felt another pinch by her ass. She reached around. Her tail was gone. Her pussy still felt as hot. She did feel a bit more sober, much less dizzy. Opening her eyes wider, she found herself staring into a pool of thin whitish cum on the rug. At least a quart of cum was soaking into the carpet and more was falling from Erin's slightly open hole.

Erin was sitting up a bit, straight-armed with her hands out behind her. Laika smiled at her friend and then stood up, stretching. 

"Who's turn is it now," asked Sam, laid out on the couch.

Mike laughed.

"Wait," said Erin. "I didn't cum yet."