 Chapter One

The Eastern Kingdom, known to many as the Amber City of Light, has known peace and prosperity for many generations. The heart of the city was built on amber stones in the middle of a great lake. Great towers erected from the water reached up and pierced the sky. The city was built from amber and granite, one of the great wealth's of the city. Lush greenery hung from every open window, there were gardens filled with wild flowers and vines on every city level. It looked like the city was overflowing with greenery that spilled into the lake around it. There were five bridges that led into the heart of the city, each one guarded with a watch tower on both ends. The outer city was much like the inner city, overflowing with life. When the sun set on the lake at the end of every day, it looked like the city was on fire. Gold flecks in the amber and granite made the city shimmer in golden light. It was truly a wonder to behold. 

The late King Farris, the late King Keeren, and the reigning King Agot established a renewed structure of laws in the Eastern Kingdom. The laws no longer favored only the Elves, but every living creature within the Eastern Kingdom. King Agot was guided by the Council, and makes every decision with extreme care. The Council consists of thirty-seven individuals, each a different species anonymously elected by their peers to represent their best interest. This new system took over one hundred years to fully implement, but the results had been more than anyone would have suspected. Sense its inception the Eastern Kingdom has grown to over quadruple its size sense the late King Farris reigned. Enslavement of any creature was strictly forbidden, which caused the city to grow rapidly as refugees from neighboring Kingdoms flooded into the Eastern Kingdom. Although peace was brought within the Kingdom, war still ensued outside the city gates as many Kingdoms sought to reclaim their slaves. Fierce battles were fought, but none so fierce as during the reign of King Agot, for though many of the smaller Kingdoms close to their boarders had been concurred and the new laws implemented, there were many Large Kingdoms across the sea, far to the north in the mountains, and in the deserts to the south, that envied King Agots power and riches. 

~

Olivia hurried down the great golden halls leading to the throne room. The Council was convening to discuss the disappearance of her brother, the heir to the throne, and as acting General, she was required to be there. Her heels echoed down the halls with each step she took, the swish of her long flowing gown did little to muffle the noise. She didn't normally wear gowns to council meetings, she preferred them to see her in her armor or sparing gear as a way of showing her strength and capability. Though the Eastern Kingdom was more progressive than other cities, there were still many that thought a females' place was in her husbands bed.

She entered into the throne room, respectfully nodding to the people of the Council as she passed them. The whole room was awash with voices and Olivia noticed every Council member was here, even Nyobi, the Fae representative. She was a princess among her people. The Fae were notoriously reclusive, caring very little for anything that didn't benefit them, but their culture demands they have a voice. Nyobi was elected as their representative out of duty, as a princess she was bound by their laws to represent the Fae. There are only eleven Fae registered as living in the city, for many preferred a relatively solitary life in the wild, as such they were the smallest faction represented. However, Nyobi was revered and respected among all the Council members, she was the oldest creature in the Kingdom. She very rarely came to Council meets, choosing only to come to those that would directly affect her people.

Olivia approached Nyobi with a smile on her face. Though Nyobi was a recluse, Olivia enjoyed her company very much. "Nyobi, it is such a pleasure to see you again," Olivia said as she embraced the Fae in a hug, kissing her on each cheek. "I know both myself and my father will find comfort in your wisdom today."

"It is my honor to be here. I am happy to find you doing well," she replied as she kissed Olivias' cheeks in return. Olivia felt a deep connection to Nyobi. The Fae were known for drawing people to them with their great power and beauty. You could feel the waves of her power the moment she entered a room and often times you could see a physical manifestation of it, like silver snow falling around her when she stood under certain light. She was beyond stunning, with long auburn hair that almost reached the floor, weaved into intricate braids that were adorned with flowers and vines. Her eyes were a vibrant green, so large and round on her small face. Her teeth were a startling white and she had six fangs, four on top and two on the bottom, which gave her a somewhat sinister look. She was lean and tall, her skin pale with gold freckles that shimmered in the sunlight. She was nature personified, wearing a simple linen gown, a crown of flowers, and no shoes.

Olivia smiled and made her way to her father who was sitting on his throne, surrounded by several Council members. King Agot was in the last few years of his life, for he had grown old and frail with time. Elves were immortal, they could live for eternity given the right conditions, age was just a number with no deteriorating consequences. However, there were some poisons that could take away an Elves immortality and cause them to age the same way many creatures do. Many years ago before Agot ascended to the throne, he was poisoned by Razz-Eyce, a clear, tasteless poison that is very difficult to make.

"Olivia, my daughter," Agot said as he reached for Olivia, taking her hand in his own. "Your presence brings me instant joy."

Olivia brought her fathers hand to her lips and kissed it, trying not to show him her sadness. "Your joy is my joy, father," she replied.

Olivia lived every day in dreaded anticipation, knowing that soon her father would pass. She held his hand still, his skin so thin and wrinkled, cool to the touch and covered with age spots. His eyes had started to fog and it was more difficult for him to walk every day, the fatigue had started to set in. The healers were uncertain of how long he had, they said it could be a year, even three years, possibly ten if he took great care of himself. Either was too short for Olivia. But though his body was deteriorating, his mind was still as sharp as a whip.

"Father, shall we begin?" Olivia asked, determined to find a resolution for their problems.

"Yes, my child," he replied. He raised his hand, and the room slowly fell silent as members of the council made their way to their seats on either side of the great throne room. King Agot chanted the ancient words of and Elfish blessing, then clapped his hands. As the sound of his clap echoed through the room a surge of power fell on the room. King Agot looked to Olivia, giving her the floor to speak first.

"Council members," She began as she walked down the steps from her fathers' throne to address the people of the Council. "I apologies for the early hour, I know many of you would prefer to be at home with your families. I am certain that many of you have already heard news of my brother's disappearance and speculate as to the cause of it. He was set to return home three days ago, but no one has seen him sense he set out on his journey. I sent out scouts in search of him or any information on his location, but have received nothing specific in regards to him."

"Nothing specific," a Council member, David Cross, said. His tone suggested incompetency. He represented the human faction in the city, and he was one of the least favored voices on the Council. "What exactly does that mean?"

"Marcus was traveling North on a well known trade rout to discuss terms of peace with the Northern Fae tribes beyond the borders of Onyx City, a Kingdom under the rule of King Vulcan. We've had no quarrel with a Northern King for centuries, there has always been an undiscussed peace between our nations. But I have received word from one of my scouts that the Northern King is traveling east with an entire regimen, over ten thousand soldiers, and that they have captives in slave carts. I also believe that Marcus and his men could very likely be among the captives. They have not attacked any of the smaller villages in our kingdom. They have been avoiding the main roads which is why we have not noticed their advance sooner. They will be here, in full force, within a few hours."

"What is your plan for defense General?" Nyobi asked, voicing the questions everyone in the room was thinking.

"I've already issued the outer city gates to be sealed. All civilians will be evacuated into the heart of the city and all soldiers will take up their assigned battle positions. Once the outer city is evacuated of civilians, three of the five bridges will be drawn up on both ends, leaving only two, the north and south bridges available for our armies to maneuver as needed. Should the outer city wall be breached, the remaining two bridges will be drawn up. I highly doubt this will happen, but rest assured my soldiers will protect this city with their life. We have faced greater odds under worse circumstances and we always survive. Ten thousand men may seem like a lot, but we have over forty thousand soldiers in this city, and many more we might call upon if need be."

"And all these people evacuating the outer city, where are they suppose to go exactly? How do you fit all those people in an area a quarter of the size of the outer city? How do you feed them, cloth them, where do they sleep?" David asked, once again with a condescending tone.

"We have a plan for this set in place, one that was approved by this very Council many years ago." Olivia replied, exasperated. "To answer you question, sense you never bothered to educate yourself on the matter, all the evacuees will be staying in the temples, coliseums, soldier barracks, shelters, schools and even the available rooms and halls here in the castle. And of course, we encourage everyone to open up their homes if they are able, especially those seated on the Council. We are all in this together and we need to represent a unified front to the people of this city. It is our job, as rulers and Council members to try and protect our people. We will be able to set up a meeting with King Vulcan once he arrives to discuss terms, and it is imperative that we discover as soon as possible if he has Marcus or not. Until then we must prepare for any possible outcome."

"What do we know of this King?" Kias, representative of the Elves, asked.

"I knew his father," Nyobi said, "he was a ruthless, cruel man with no regard for life. He killed his wife so he could marry another woman. He beat his sons and no doubt raised them to be like him. Slavery of so called lesser species is still acceptable in his kingdom. They are called the Black Elves, not just for their raven colored hair, but for their beast like temperaments. They fight with a cold precision, no remorse, no honor, completely focused on achieving their goal." Nyobi stood and walked towards the King, "They are cunning, they are smart, and they think ahead, planning every possible outcome. We cannot underestimate him, we must all be prepared to face something we have never encountered before. To this King, the Council is something he will try and play to his advantage. He will try and divide us with his words by pulling at our emotions. Though all of us are uniquely different, with varying values and beliefs, the two things we all have in common are protecting our people and protecting this city. When he arrives and we are ready to discuss terms, we must keep this in mind. Like our General has said, we must remain unified no matter what."

Everyone in the hall murmured in agreement, each of them understanding the value behind presenting a united front. Moments later, one of Olivias scouts briskly walked into the throne room. He was covered in dust and out of breath.

"Your Grace, forgive my intrusion." He knelt down on one knee, bowing his head in respect. "General, I bring news," he said as he stood and looked at Olivia, giving her the customary solute, clutching his right fist over his heart and then extending his arm forward, palm open, in surrender to her.

"Speak," Olivia replied, as she also gave him the solute in return.

"King Vulcan and a small company of men have arrived at the city gates. His army is camping several miles out, in the woods to the north. He is demanding a private audience with the King, he-," the soldier looked up at King Agot, "he has your son with him, Your Grace."

Olivia let out a breath she had been holding. He was alive, and the relief was instant yet fleeting. Marcus was still in danger.

"Let him come," King Agot said, his face revealing nothing. "He can have his private audience after he sees this Council standing together."

"He also requests that he keep his weapons, Your Grace."

"Very well," King Agot replied, waving the young soldier off. Olivia shot her father a disapproving look and he only smiled at her. "I have you here to protect me my daughter, his weapons scare me not."

Olivia loved that her father was so confident in her skill, be she still felt his decision was foolish. Her heartbeat quickened as she waited for the King of the North, King Vulcan, to arrive. She had never seen a Northern Elf before. They had been called the Night Elves or Black Elves as Nyobi said, but she never knew why. Many of the Council members talked amongst themselves as they waited for King Vulcan to make his appearance.

Olivia moved back up the steps to stand beside her father. She glanced around her at the great throne room, enjoying the feeling of reverence this mighty hall inspired. The ceiling was made of glass, held up by pillars made of pale granite flecked with gold. Each side of the hall was open to the gardens, where trees and bushes of flowers filled the area with sweet aromas. The columns and flying buttresses were adorned with white vine flowers that were in full bloom. The wall behind the throne was solid amber with a small waterfall trickling down the almost flat surface. Vines and wild flowers grew up the outer edges to the ceiling. The throne itself was made from solid gold with an intricate design. On both sides of the throne at the same level were two smaller chairs, one for the heir to the throne, and the other for the King's General. The stone floor and steps were smooth and shine, with soft green moss growing between the cracks and crevices. On either side of the throne, several stairs down, were the Council member chairs. They were slightly elevated from the main floor and creating a semi-circular shape, like a small coliseum. Long ago the hall had been used as a place of prayer and worship, but now it was used to house the important matters of the Council and the King.

Everyone in the hall grew quite as they heard footsteps approach. And when King Vulcan and his men came into view, towing Marcus behind him in shackles, a different kind of silence filled the room. Olivia was infuriated when she saw the condition her brother was in. Every instinct told her to attack, to kill this King and take her brother back, but with great effort she held back. Squeezing her hands into a fist so tight, she could feel her nails breaking through her skin. It was the only thing that grounded her and kept her focused as she looked over her brothers injuries. She took account, two broken ribs from the way he was breathing, an injured leg, his left eye was swollen shut and the other eye was barely visible through its swelling. His hands were bloodied, defiantly broke some fingers probably from punching someone's face in. He had several shallow cuts on his arms and chest, but none of them were life threatening. When she was done looking over her brother she turned her attention to King Vulcan.

He was a giant. Most Elves were tall and lean in stature, with great agility and speed, but King Vulcan was different. He was taller than average, with a huge muscular body covered in black armor. His long thick black hair hung over his shoulders and his bright blue eyes gave no hint of emotion. The scar above his left eye and the others that decorated his forearms told a story of their own—he was a warrior and he was a survivor. He griped the hilt of his sword with his left hand, preparing himself for any kind of attack; Olivia watched as the thick muscles on his arms quiver with anticipation.

He was quite a contrast to the Elves in the Eastern Kingdom with their light colored hair, silver eyes and lightly tanned skin. Olivia was his complete opposite, for his hair was black and her hair was completely white. His skin was pale like marble and hers lightly freckled from the sun. His eyes a bright vibrant blue, and hers a shining silver. He was extremely tall, where Olivia was short for an Elf, even a female one.

"King Vulcan of the Northern Elf Kingdom, what a surprise this has turned out to be, to what do I owe the honor of your presence?" King Agot said, looking even more frail when in the same room as King Vulcan.

The man was a force in and of himself, who exuded nothing but raw power. Olivia tried to focus on Marcus, but her eyes kept shifting toward Vulcan without thinking. He knew magic, that much was obvious, Olivia could practically taste it in the air. He didn't need weapons to defend himself, nothing could be more powerful than his words.

"I believe I was promised a private audience," Vulcan said, his eyes never wavering as he looked at King Agot. Vulcan knew he didn't stand a fighting chance against the Eastern Kingdom, his entrance into the city had shown him that much, but he would be damned if he let on otherwise. The whole city was a fortress. The outer city a maze of streets that only locals would be able to maneuver. The inner city would never be breached, not with the bridge system they have. When Vulcan had seen the city from afar, he had been shocked at the sheer size of it.

Vulcans men had been apprehensive. His second, Coal, had even voiced such an opinion, saying they should simply return the Prince for ransom. But Vulcan had come with only one prize in mind, acquisition, and the Prince in his custody was going to help him acquire that. He went forward with his plan, making certain his men understood the consequences for questioning him again.

Upon entering the throne room, Vulcan was once again surprised to find the King and his Council present. He heard word of how King Agot had a Council compiled of leaders from all the creatures dwelling in the city, but he never expected to see such a large number. Thirty-seven from what he could count. Still, his anger flared at being promised a private audience and having that request denied.

"And the Council and I have agreed that you will be granted a private audience," King Agot replied. He stared down at King Vulcan, his own eyes never wavering. He spared no glace towards his son, for he knew if he did he would show his emotions. Emotions would not help him in this situation. The hall was silent as both Kings waged a silent battle, both testing the strength of the other.

"I am Princess Nyobi, representative of the Fae in the Eastern Kingdom." Nyobi stood from her chair and walked forward, standing directly in front of King Vulcan, a mere five feet away. She gave no care to his men or the weapons they held, she could melt their armor onto their skin with a flick of her wrist. "On behalf of the Council, I welcome you into our beloved city. We are so rarely visited by one of the great Elf Kings, but when we are, our city takes pride in showing its strength and unity. Each of us," she said, gesturing to the creatures of the Council and King Agot, "every creature, plays a part in the success and defense of this city. I have no doubt that you will leave enlightened and inspired by all you have witnessed."
