 A whirl of dust followed the stranger's heavy boots into the inn. The card game in the corner stopped for a breath, looked him over with disinterested eyes before returning to the hands. A young woman with the blackest hair looked him up and down, the smile on her face didn't reach her eyes and she turned back to her conversation. The wooden door banged shut behind him, the wind died, the searing heat was left behind and the stranger's shoulders sagged as a sigh left him. The barkeep looked up and gave him a nod, "Ain't seen you here before." He said. The stranger crossed the floor to lean up against the bar.

"Not been here." He shrugged. The barkeep looked around a moment before catching the eye of the black haired girl. With a brief signal she walked over.

"What can I do for you?" she asked.

"Man here's a new comer, you mind explaining things while I fix this?" he said holding up some glasses. She nodded and turned to the stranger, giving him more of a look over this time. Under his hat, she could make out dark hair poking out, brushing his jawline. Silver-blue eyes fixed her with a distant stare and she supressed a shudder. She realised he towered over her and she took the smallest step back, two guns were strapped to his hips, almost hidden by the long great coat he wore.

"They won't work here you know." She said. He frowned. "You're weapons, they won't work here, none of them do."

"What is this place?" he said, pulling out his poke tin and rolling a cigarette.

"It's the Inn-" her words were cut off by a thundering crash, one of the windows shattered inwards. The stranger's guns were in his hands in half a heartbeat and she heard three clicks before he stopped firing.

"Don't work, right." He said. She turned to look at the smashed in window, a huge figure, draped with a red cloak, lay among the pile of glass, a hammer clutched in one hand. The figure coughed, once, twice, before clambering to his feet.

"What is this place?" he demanded. As he moved, the window behind him reformed, the floor clear of glass. The stranger with the guns starred at it, a frown on his face.

"Right, this is the Inn of all Locations, only found by those that know where it is or by those that need it most. Weapons don't work here, it is a sanctuary. There are rooms upstairs if you require them, the food is the best you'll ever taste and they serve anything you could possibly want. My name is Mattie, I was enjoying a quiet drink with an old friend before you two turned up, make your introductions." She said.

"Thor." Boomed the blonde haired new comer flashing her a winsome smile.

"Roland." The other man said, placing a cigarette between his teeth and lighting it.

"Having trouble Mattie?" the man she'd been chatting to joined her at the bar.

"No," she replied.

"So this is a safe house?" Roland said.

"The only true safe house left. Ain't nothing that can get you here, not mage hunters, not nothing. I'm Cathal by the way." He said inclining his head.

"Nothing can get me!" Thor said, signalling the barkeep.

"Like nothing put you through the window?" Mattie said raising a delicate eyebrow.

"Well..." he said waving his hand in the air, "I was winning until that unfortunate incident." The barkeep appeared at that moment and took the order from each of them.

"What passes for currency here?" Roland asked before laying a hand, or even his eyes, on the cool ale placed before him.

"What passes for currency where you live?" he replied. A gold coin appeared on the bar as he extinguished the smoke in a tray that hadn't been there a moment ago. "I don't have change for that." The barkeep said with a knowing smile.

"Don't expect it."

"I'll start a tab." 

Roland nodded and took a long draft of the ale. Mattie watched the exchange with a fascinated look before turning to Thor, "What about you?" she said. Thor smiled that smile again before pulling a foreign coin from a hidden pouch.

"This is a coin of the Aesir, forged by my own hand, with Mjollnir herself." He said indicating the hammer at his side. The barkeep nodded and slid both coins across the bar and into a draw underneath.

"This shall do." He said, turning away. The four took their drinks and settled into one of the vacant corner booths. Cathal pulled out his two Widow-makers and began dismantling the weapons. Mattie thought about pulling out her spell book but rejected the idea; it would be rude to do so with two strangers sitting there. She sat instead, trying not to stare at the two men opposite her. They could not be more opposite to each other. Thor, with his open face and warm smile was a complete foil for Roland's dark frown. Thor's blue eyes were warm; his blonde shoulder length hair reflected the soft light of the sun, making it look like summer hay. She could make out well formed neck muscles and his shoulders looked like they could carry a house. He was well proportioned, that much was certain and she dragged her eyes to the vista out the window. 

"What are those anyway?" Mattie said, turning her attention back to Roland's guns. "Cathal, you might find this interesting." She said nudging her companion with her elbow. He looked up as the gunslinger placed both weapons onto the table next to the crossbow bits.

"The guns of my line, they were my fathers before me, and his before him." He said. They were similar in shape to Cathal's crossbows, but missing the cross pieces. The handles were slim and made from the smoothest wood she's ever seen. The slender barrels were made of cold metal and the blue steel barrels looked perfectly made.

"How do they work?" Cathal asked. Mattie could see the curiosity in his eyes, for a moment she thought he was going to touch the weapons but a look from Roland stopped him.

"The same as yours do." He said.

"What put you through the window?" Mattie asked turning to Thor.

"Hmm. My brother." He replied, "Loki."

"Why did he not follow you in?" Roland asked, holstering the guns and taking a long draft of the ale.

"He didn't put me through that window. That was just the one I fell through. He threw me through the one in my father's hall. We were fighting over something but I cannot remember what. It seemed so important at the time." He said with a shrug, "Less so now. How about you? What's your story?"

"I was travelling through a desert. I was chasing someone, I'm sure I was. I... I don't remember. I think it was important to me." He said. He took his glass and drained it.

"How did you two end up here then," Thor said, turning back to Mattie, his blue eyes dancing in the light. She glanced at Roland and found him attentive in his own way. Cathal looked up and nodded.

"We been partners in business for more than a few years now. This place has been a sanctuary from those that would see us both dead. The place found us, much as it found both of you. From now on, you'll be able to find it when you need it, should you treat it well." Cathal explained.

"Business?" Thor asked, raising his brow.

"Business." Cathal said.

"And what would that entail then?"

"Bounty hunting, cards," he replied.

"Where do you come in?" Roland said looking at Mattie.

"I find people are open to suggestion in some ways. I can influence choices with a thought and influence how they play." She said, flicking her eyes to the table and back up again. She wasn't sure but she thought she saw the twitch of a smile at the edges of his mouth. Maybe. "Failing that, I can burn people with fire." That got a definite smile, it wasn't warm but it was a start. His long legs brushed against hers under the table and she shot them out the way with a blush. He didn't appear to notice.

"So, you're a card sharp and you're a mind reader?" Thor said, "This is not an honest living."

"It feeds my family." Cathal said, "I do what I have to, who are you to judge that? It aint the worst of my sins, nor is it the best but that's the way of it."

"Do you have family then?" Thor asked.

"It's complicated."

Thor waited for Cathal to elaborate. Mattie knew he wouldn't. She let out a sigh, took a long drink and fixed her best bar-maid smile. "What about you?" she asked Roland.

"Once. The world has moved on since then." He said, a faint sadness crept into his voice but he didn't elaborate further. Cathal returned to cleaning his crossbows. 

"What do you do for fun around here?" Thor asked, "It seems pretty quiet."

"Most of the guys are out at the moment, there is rather a crowd sometimes. Vin plays the violin when he can be persuaded into it. We play cards-"

"We don't cheat here."

"Of course not, it won't work here, even magic is blocked."

"How far does that work?" Roland said.

"Just inside the building, we can go outside and duel if we get really bored. We can't be attacked by anyone outside but we can harm each other. There are targets and such as well for crossbows and er... guns?" Mattie said.

"What about hammers?" 

"Of course." 

Thor drained his mug and pushed himself up. "Well, come on then. Why are we still sitting around here? There's sport to be had and ale to be drank!" He fixed Mattie with a grin and she found herself standing before she knew what she was doing.

"Well?" she said, turning to her two remaining companions, "Why not?" They both looked up at her, she gave them both her best smile. Roland stood, picked up his glass, swallowed the remains and nodded. Cathal followed. "Ok, it's round the back so we'll head out through the garden." Mattie led them both through the bar and out into the sunshine. The lush garden exploded into the senses. The bombardment of smells from the flowers, the splashes of colour seemed harsh after the cool browns of the inn. The warm sun brushed Mattie's skin, she commandeered a picnic bench and pointed at the targets. "There you go lads." She said.

Roland sat next to her as Thor took in his new surroundings. "I was walking through the desert, how is this even possible?" he asked her. He looked around, his eyes wide, a complete lack of understanding pattered across his fine features.

"I can't explain the magic of this place, just that it is." She replied, picking a nearby red flower and brushing it against her cheek. "I don't question it, I hate the idea of not being able to find it anymore. It is a place of wonder, and we all need some wonder in our lives. Time stops here, I can resume my life exactly where I left it. I don't understand it but it is marvellous."

"Show me out here what you can't do inside." He said. Mattie shrugged, snapped her fingers and a flame appeared above her index finger. Roland's let out a sly whistle as she walked the fire over her knuckles much like a pirate may walk a coin.

"I can launch flame at people if I want to. I can use the other elements too if I want to but I find fire the easiest to manipulate." She said.

"And the mind?" he said. The barkeeper brought them all more drinks, Mattie nodded to him as he set the drinks on the table before taking his leave. She looked at Cathal, who was reassembling his crossbows, showing Thor how they went together but not letting him touch the delicate weapons.

"I am a renegade. What I do is not allowed by the guild. I can manipulate other people's minds but every time I do so, every time I cast magic, I leave a signature, I am tracked by beings called Mage Hunters. I'm almost scared to tell you about it if I am honest." She said.

"You said yourself it was safe here."

"I know but it makes me nervous still. I'll do it on you; it will be easier than explaining it." He nodded and she smiled, laying the flower on the table next to her drink. She blanked her mind and searched out. She found Cathal, his thoughts focused on the work before him, so clear and determined. The animal strength of Thor was next to him, interested, friendship radiated from him with a vibrant hum that was infectious. She almost broke her concentration thinking about it. She turned away from the two and searched for the one. Roland's signature was darker than any she'd ever seen. She swallowed but nudged against his mind, a slight brushing of her will sliding against his. Nothing. She pushed her will, imposing her mind over his, not to gentle this time. Still nothing. She tried once more, this time screaming the order at him as loud as she could. Nothing; just blackness. She let it rest.

"And?" he said with a slight smile at the corner of his mouth. She was beginning to think was all he could manage in that department

"I don't know." She said, looking away and at the floor, "I've never... I couldn't touch your mind at all."

"Years of a sort of magic of my own I expect." He said.

"Oh?"

"It's a method of finding out the truth from someone who sleeps. I can do so to you if you want, though I don't think you have lied to me." 

"I haven't and as kind as you are for the offer, I don't think it would be wise. I don't know how I would react to your divinations, it may well be erh... explosive." She said, looking away. She felt the weight of his gaze on her, heavy, cloying. She breathed a little easier when he turned his attention to the other two with them. Mattie smoothed the folds of her long skirt flat before turning to face the others as well. Roland got to his feet and sauntered over to Cathal and Thor.

"You want to show me how those work?" Cathal asked, indicating the guns at his side. He shrugged and both men walked to the targets, she couldn't help notice the delightful shape of his calves; the way his jeans caressed the muscles, his long coat hid what was beyond but she caught herself pondering it anyway. She blinked and forced her eyes away and focused on the targets instead.

"Something interesting over there?" 

Mattie jumped. "God's Thor." She said.

"Sorry."

"I didn't hear you approach is all." She said, she picked up her glass and sipped her wine, "Are you not joining the contest?"

"Aren't you?" he asked raising an eyebrow, "Or are you content to enjoy the view?" Heat rose in her cheeks 

"I-" Thor graced her with another one of his lovely smiles. 

"Not that I blame you of course and I didn't mean to embarrass you. Are you joining us?" he asked again, a more serious tone in his melodious voice.

"Thor, the only thing I can throw is fireballs and those targets are not designed for my type of fight." She said, returning his infectious smile. "For that we'd need to go from here and I don't know if I can follow you, or if you can come with me either." She shrugged.

"That's a real shame, I'd like to have seen you." Thor said draining his third mug of ale.

"I can still watch you. Go and show Cathal how it's done." She said.

"Come on then," he said taking her arm and pulling to her feet, his strength was barely contained as he gripped her, even though his touch was gentle. It wouldn't take much for him to fling her into the air. She brushed him off and looped her arm through his instead. The wind caught his blonde hair and brushed her cheek. It was soft and she let out a laugh as he pushed it behind him. She unwound her arm when they reached the targets and he unhooked Mjollnir from his belt. Roland and Cathal stood on either side, facing the targets of their own. 

Cathal drew first, the crossbow sprang to action and he fired, Roland was a second behind him. Three loud cracks pierced the still air. Mattie flinched. Cathal ducked. Only Thor was not alarmed by the shots. Mattie looked up at the gunslinger and saw both his arms were outstretched with his pistols in hand, smoke rising from both weapons. Thor ignored him and hurled his hammer at the target. The weapon struck the target, knocking it backwards. Mattie looked at the other two, Cathal's arrow was dead centre, Roland's target appeared unstruck but when they walked for a closer look, three small slugs had been buried deep into it.

"Not sure how good a hammer is for this sort of target," Cathal said, a smile on his face.

"Least I didn't miss eh." Thor shrugged. Roland stood eyeing the target for a moment, shrugged and re-joined the rest of them. Mattie felt him move behind her and she swallowed. He made her feel so small when he stood there, she could smell the parched leather of his coat, the dust of the road and the trace of sweat from the desert too. She shivered and moved herself forward a touch. "We should drink more, you can teach us to play this card game of yours." Thor said, a big grin on his face.

"I can't say no to that smile." Mattie said, "Come on back inside, it's going to be dark soon. Unless you have somewhere pressing you need to be." She said. Thor shrugged, Roland remained silent. Cathal let out a sigh and nodded his head.

"It's time for me to be heading home." He said.

"Home? As in..?"

"Aye, it's about time, I aint seen my boy in months." He said, a smile creeping across his sullen face.

"You leaving now?" she asked as they walked to the door.

"While my mind's made I may as well."

"I'll meet you in..."

"Lawless. Things won't be too hot there anymore. Give me two months."

"Be careful."

"Always." He said. He gave her a quick hug before striding off out the inn. Mattie led the other two to a table near the fire and picked up a pack of cards. Thor organised more drinks for them and got chatting to the barkeep.

"I forgot to ask if you were hungry at all." Mattie said, "Which was rude of me. Did you want anything to eat?"

"I'm fine." He replied. Mattie pulled the cards out of the battered pack they were in and shuffled them. Roland watched her with such an intensity she thought she'd drop the cards.

"What's your home like then?" she asked as her hands thumbed through the deck.

"Tough." 

She left it at that, sensing that it wasn't something he wanted to discuss with her. "Do you know any card games?" he nodded so she dealt them each two cards. She watched him pick them up and a puzzled expression crossed his face.

"I don't know this game." He said. Thor returned with three drinks in his hands and banged them onto the table, spilling the ale froth in the process. He handed them out before looking over Roland's shoulder.

"What's the problem buddy, that's a fine hand!" he said clapping him on the shoulder. Roland looked as surprised as Thor on the contact but he gave him a smile that lit up his face like the first rays of sunshine on a new day. Mattie held her breath a moment while the two strangers looked at each other. "Do you not know this one?" Thor asked sitting down.

"No."

"Right, Stick." Thor said turning to Mattie.

"All right," she said, turning her own cards over. Seven and three. Useless. Thor's expression showed how useless. She turned over another card. Five, which made fifteen. "Ok, I know you have something decent so fess up." Thor flipped the cards over, an ace and a king, the perfect hand.

"This is good?"

"I thought you knew how to play this." Mattie said, "You have to make twenty one, the fewer cards you use the better. The picture cards are worth ten, an ace is either eleven or one." She explained.

"Sounds simple enough." Roland shrugged. Thor handed him a mug of ale and he took a long draft. Mattie did the same, the cool liquid slid down her throat and a warm flush began to reach her cheeks. She dealt a new set of cards and they commenced playing again. Her hand was as bad as the first; the look on Thor's face told her his was the same. Roland was unreadable. She looked at Thor first, as he sat to her right. She handed him a couple of cards before he swore and threw his hand on the table face up. His total was 23. Roland held his hand out for another card, he didn't look at her as he took it, adding it to his hand. He looked up and placed his hand face down on the table and looked up, his face a mask.

Mattie flipped her own hand, turning the cards on the table. "Why are yours on the table?" 
