 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to rozezwild for her editing to make this a better story.

Monday, April 16: For the last seven of my eighteen years, I had been fending for myself, my parents and brothers having been killed in one of the earliest skirmishes of the war. We hadn't even chosen sides, let alone making such a declaration. That didn't keep the men of the Domination Alliance Delivery Society army from firing their heavy artillery at every part of the city. Thousands upon thousands of people were killed and only the very fortunate were spared. I was lucky enough, or unlucky enough, to be one of those.

Now for seven years ... actually just six years, eleven months, and three days, but who's counting ... I had been scrounging for a living since I dug my way out from under the rubble that piled up around me, leaving a narrow passageway that only a little boy or girl could crawl through. I had, in fact, managed to salvage years of living from the rubble of the city, crawling into ruined buildings and bringing out food and clothing and survival gear. 

I created caches of stuff around the city where I could get it and it was not too obvious to the soldiers of the Worldwide Optimization of Maternal Endowment Networks (WOMEN) or their vicious foes, Domination Alliance Delivery Society (DADS). The city had been the site of horrendous battles over the years and both armies had left occupying forces behind when they had won a hard fought battle and the civilians who stayed behind had to live like rats to avoid being killed by the soldiers. The grapevine carried stories of fresh casualties among the civilians almost every day and now there were fewer than two dozen people that I knew still alive. Like me, all of them were refugees in the war-torn city.

My caches of food had lasted me for years, during which I had searched in ever widening circles around the city, reaching into the suburbs to ransack demolished homes of people driven out years ago. The problem with that was that travel was so difficult, even with the cobbled-together bicycle that I sometimes used, because I always had to be wary of soldiers and usually had to travel at night. Even then the night-vision goggles they used made it pretty dangerous. But when a person got hungry enough, he'd try anything.

I had managed to feed myself well enough over the years to have grown into a 6' 1" 174 pound man; at least I thought of myself as a man. But now I had been out of food for two days and was surviving on occasional sips of water but even that was nearly gone. I would have gone out foraging days ago except that I had the misfortune of spending a night in a corner of a destroyed building and then watching a squad of WOMEN soldiers set up camp right on top of the building before daybreak the next morning. I'd tried to sneak out at night twice and nearly got caught but tonight I had decided that I had to get out or I was going to die anyway. I had to be careful but I had to get out of there.

With nightfall, the soldiers who had been on patrol began to return to camp, which was comprised of row upon row of tents and mess fires scattered among them, all broken up by the remains of the now-useless houses. Taps sounded at 10 P.M. and everyone except guards retired. I knew the closest edge of camp would be the most heavily guarded, since it was closest to the DADS soldiers, so I mapped a mental path to another side. At midnight according to the stars, I began crawling among the tents. Fortunately the moon was not out and there was very little light. I had to crawl until after 4 A.M., when I figured I was far enough away from the soldiers to be able to walk upright. It gave my aching back a little break just to be able to stand, to say nothing of what it did for my bleeding hands and knees.

I figured I had walked several miles into the burbs by 5:30 and knew that dawn was maybe 45 minutes away so I began looking for a likely hiding place. A lot of the homes in this area were still intact, having been far enough away from most of the fighting to have avoided all the explosions. Still the residents had been herded away long ago. I found one whose back door was attached to a shaky frame, having been eroded apparently just by neglect. With a little shove of my shoulder and a hand on the knob to keep the noise to a minimum, I gained entrance to the house.

The kitchen held a treasure trove of canned goods, although there was no water. However some canned fruit juice would suffice for now. I created a makeshift bag from a hand towel and carried some groceries to the basement, figuring that I would be safer there than upstairs in a bedroom. My trusty knife opened a few cans and I ate the cold food and drank my fill gratefully. After I had eaten, I found a pile of long-dirty laundry, curled up on it and went to sleep.

I was deep in sleep when something hit me in the stomach hard enough to make me gasp for air ... and think that I was dying from lack of it. I opened my eyes to see soldiers pounding at my arms and legs and aiming at my stomach again. I managed to roll onto my side and several rifle butts landed on my side and back and buttocks. They were WOMEN soldiers and they were vicious. I heard a voice and the soldiers stopped pounding me and grabbed hands and legs so that I was pinned to the cold concrete floor, the laundry bed having disappeared somewhere in the beating.

By the time I got my breath back, the voice materialized beside me, a corporal by the stripes on her sleeve. She had a devilish look on her face as she pulled out a big hunting knife and with one swipe, cut right through my heavy leather belt. Another slash and my jeans were cut from waistband almost to one knee and the soldiers yanked them to my knees. I hadn't been able to find underwear for the last few years so my private parts were laid bare.

The corporal's face seemed to light up with even more of the satanic grin. She dropped to her knees and held up my flaccid cock. "Look at the size of this mother-fucker, girls. This one is a prize."

I didn't know what she had in mind or what she meant, nor could I control my penis which had begun to grow hard. The corporal laughed and batted my cock with the side of her knife while she grabbed my scrotum at its base, cupping my balls in her hand. At first it was an absolutely delicious feeling, one I had never felt before. That soon changed as her hand tightened down like a clamp and began to squeeze harder and harder, sending unearthly pain though my body. I tried to curl up into a ball to protect them but with two soldiers on each arm and leg I couldn't do anything but bear the agony. Then I watched in horror as the corporal brought her knife down to her fingers and when I felt the sharp blade against my fevered skin, I knew what she intended to do. I knew that they would never experience the real purpose for their existence.

She glanced at me with pure hatred in her eyes and said "Say goodbye to your manhood, sonny. You've screwed your last woman."

Suddenly a voice boomed from above. "Stop that, corporal! Soldiers, don't let her cut that prisoner!" There was a flurry of activity as the corporal was attacked by several of the soldiers and most of the ones holding me let go. Still I knew I was a prisoner and waited to see what was happening. Almost instantly the voice materialized into a lieutenant standing over me. Her name tag read Cooper, Cary. She said "Corporal, you know that our orders are that there will be no more castrations. What were you thinking?"

The corporal muttered something and the officer instructed the soldiers to get me to the headquarters building. I hadn't realized it but I had camped within two blocks of another WOMEN's camp and someone had seen me sneak into the house. Now they marched me, still naked below the waist, to their headquarters house and tied me to a kitchen chair. The officer pulled up a chair and said "Look, soldier, I don't want to have my people hurt you so if you'll just cooperate, we can do this painlessly and then we'll take good care of you. What unit are you from?"

"Ma'am, I'm not a soldier and I'm not from a unit. I'm a survivor from the city."

"Oh, come on, soldier. You don't expect me to believe that, do you?"

"Yes, ma'am. It's the truth."

"Look" she said, bending over and poking my flaccid cock with her baton. "No man develops his penis to a size like that without screwing a lot of women, and the only way you could screw a lot of women is by being a soldier and raping POWs. Now tell me that's not true."

"No, ma'am, it isn't. I ... I don't know what you mean about the development but I've never screwed a woman, civilian or soldier."

"Oh, come on. Are you trying to tell me that you're a virgin?"

"I'm not sure what that is."

"Haven't you ever put that thing inside a woman?"

"No, ma'am."

She studied my face for several minutes, then asked "Why would I believe that you are not a soldier?"

"Ma'am, I was 10 years old when the war started and all my family was killed. I survived by scrounging from the wrecked buildings until now. My 18th birthday was ... uh, last month and the army wouldn't take me before. Then when I got old enough, I didn't believe in what they represented so I wouldn't sign up."

The officer was absentmindedly running her fingers up and down the length of my penis and had made it grow fully erect, to my embarrassment. It felt so good but I was afraid that she was going to be offended. I knew the stories about WOMEN castrating all the men they took prisoners and had to wonder how long my reprieve would last. Finally she looked back down at my crotch and began licking her lips.

"So you don't know where the DADS army is located?"

"Oh. Well, I know where there are three camps but I'm not sure how many soldiers are located in each of the camps."

"Ah! How about showing us where those camps are?" She pulled out a detailed map of the area. I showed her exactly where they were located and gave her my estimate of the number of soldiers and types of equipment that I knew was in each. She made notes in a little book, then turned to the corporal and said "Corporal, take care of this prisoner. Arrange for his incarceration here in the basement and work out guard assignments. I'm going over to company HQ to talk to the captain."

With that she bounded up the stairs and was gone. The sullen corporal got me out of the chair and shoved me toward a stairway, making sure to push me down the last few steps. She had the soldiers take me to the laundry area, where the concrete floor was shaped where water would enter a central drain. At the corporal's order, the soldiers fastened spikes on opposite walls, striped off my shirt, and tied me spread-eagle with ropes over the drain. I wondered what the corporal was thinking.

I didn't have long to wait. She straddled me, pulled down her camouflage trousers and squatted above my genitals. Almost immediately a hard stream of warm piss flooded me while the soldiers laughed. When the corporal was finished and dressed again, she told the others to pick a spot and relieve themselves. One by one, they followed the corporal's example, one pissing on my face, another on my chest, a third and fourth peeing on my face and then two more pissing on my cock and balls. By the time they had finished, I was pretty thoroughly coated with the stinking excrement. The corporal detailed one soldier to watch me and hose me down every so often while the others went upstairs.

The day passed slowly. Every two hours, the soldier standing guard was replaced. Every so often, one of the soldiers came downstairs and peed on me. A lot of them seemed to delight in trying to drown me with their yellow streams, filling both my nose and mouth faster than I could swallow. My hair was soaked with the stuff and smelled like an outhouse. I could only imagine what I was like below the waist, where even more women chose to squat. I was sure that the soldiers had told other squads about me because more than just the lieutenant's squad came to relieve themselves. Every so often the guard would hose me down with cold water so she could stand the smell.

Tuesday, April 17: The day dawned with the sound of heavy artillery and I guessed that the WOMEN were shelling the three camps of DADS. The loud booms sounded all through the morning and then the squad, except for a lone guard, disappeared for the rest of the day. Nor did they appear when nightfall arrived. However someone came down the stairs and whispered to the guard. 

When we were alone again, the guard came over and said "I guess you're going to be a hero now. Sounds like we completely devastated those three camps and they all held large numbers of the DADS army in this state. What do you think of that?"

"I don't know. Will it change what you think of me?" Her name tag read Nancy Strickland.

"Well, sure. At least now I know you're not on their side. Sometimes it seemed like every man in the world was against us."

"Well, they're not! I'll bet there are still a lot of men who like women. Its just that the gays have taken over and nobody else is allowed to speak or even think." While I was talking she was taking down her trousers and I knew what was coming next.

She squatted over me but then seemed to think better. She moved to the side and peed directly over the drain, but then she turned and sat down on my chest. Looking intently at my face, she asked "is it true that you have never put that big dong of yours inside a pussy?"

"Yes."

"Have you ever tasted a pussy?"

"No. Why would I do that?"

"Because every woman loves it and a lot of men used to like it too."

"What does it taste like?"

"I don't know. Sweet and sour at the same time. Good but bad. It's an acquired taste. I love it."

"Oh. So you eat the pussies of other soldiers?"

"Sure. When we can't get a man, having a woman is the next best thing."

"Ah. So men are becoming obsolete."

"No, silly. Screwing around with another woman is okay but you can't get a baby from another woman. You gotta have a man."

"Okay. So if you let me eat your pussy, would you have a baby?"

"No. You gotta put your cock in the pussy and then cum."

"All right. So ... would you let me taste your pussy?"

"Sure, honey" and she slid forward until her crotch was touching my face. 

The smell was immediately obvious, slight musky, not overpowering though. Then I poked my tongue out and tasted the flesh where she was split into two halves. There was a distinctive taste but I didn't see anything really special about it. Then she reached down and spread herself and showed me the angry red meat inside her. She pointed to a little bump and said "This is my clitoris. I call it clitty. It's the really sensitive part. Lick it softly with your tongue and then lick back here" and she pointed to an area that confused me, until I realized that it was an opening into her insides. I began licking, going from one area to the other and back. Finally she told me to suck on her clitty and I did, as if it were a nipple. 

I was startled when she clamped her knees to the sides of my head and nearly burst my head from the pressure. It wouldn't have mattered, I thought, because it seemed like she was going to suffocate me first. I could feel a series of shakes throughout her body, not unlike the uncontrollable shakes of someone lifting an enormous weight, and figured it was the result of her trying to crush my head. I hadn't expected it and was totally unprepared for such action.

To my eternal happiness, the squeezing eased when she relaxed and her legs spread wide. I went back to tasting her pussy and was surprised to find a fresh stream of some kind of clear liquid flowing from her opening. It tasted good though so I pursued licking up all of it that I could find. She seemed to like whatever I was doing and kept moving her bottom around so that I would find all of the sweet/tart juices coming from her. 

I began to get the idea that what I was doing was to her liking when her legs clamped around my head a second and then a third time. However after that she seemed to just collapse off to the side, mumbling incoherently something about "oh, yes ... fuck me ... suck me ..." I didn't know what to do next so I twisted my body toward her and she rolled into my arms, planted several deep kisses on my lips, and went to sleep.

I lost track of time and without any windows in the basement, it was impossible to tell what time it was. Intuition told me that it was late afternoon when I heard a voice telling Nancy that she was relieved of guard duty. I was surprised to see the corporal had taken over the duties. However I was still sleepy and turned back on my side and closed my eyes, hoping that the corporal would leave me alone.

It didn't happen. A few moments passed and then I heard a banshee-like scream just before something hard hit me on my back side. The blow made my buttocks burn like fire but they were nothing compared to the pain that surged through my body from the contact with my balls. I had never felt anything like that. I curled into a tight fetal position and tried to pull my scrotum into the protection of my legs but just touching them sent me into spasms of pain I never would have thought possible.

The screaming had continued, mixed with my own cries of outrageous pain, and a second blow landed a little above the first, on the top part of my ass and I screamed again in absolute agony. Vaguely I heard boots in a hurry coming down the stairs and voices yelling. One I thought sounded like the Lieutenant, saying "Corporal, drop that board! That's a command, corporal!"

There was a rush of bodies behind me and I got the impression that they might have been piling on top of the corporal. A couple of soldiers bent over me and said something but with a ringing in my ears, I couldn't seem to understand what they wanted. After only a couple of minutes, someone brought some towels that had been soaked in warm water and very gently they wrapped the towels around my scrotum and my burning ass.

Through a red haze in my brain, I was aware that the Lieutenant had the soldiers string the corporal up by some sort of rig along one wall, then ripped off her insignia, telling her that she was under arrest. With another rush of boots, a doctor came down the stairs and stepped in front of me. She opened a bag and removed some gear and began to examine me. 

When she was finished, she said "Lieutenant, I don't think there's any permanent damage, although we might need some x-rays to be sure. For now, you need to get him to the nearest bed. Probably now the best thing is to keep applying those warm compresses every few minutes for the next 24 to 36 hours and lets see if we can keep the swelling to a minimum. After that ... well, who knows if his testicles will work or not."

The Lieutenant said "I'll take him up to my room and we'll take care of him there."

After the doctor left, the Lieutenant had the soldiers try to get me to my feet so we could go upstairs but the pain was too great for me to stand. Finally someone brought a canvass stretcher down and they got me rolled onto it. With two soldiers at the head, two at my feet and two on either side, they slowly began to carry me up the long flight of stairs.

They set me down on the first level in what could have been a kitchen. The soldiers rested for a few minutes and one of them brought freshly wet warm towels for my sore body. Then very carefully the women picked me up again and we started up another flight of stairs. The jostling was very painful but I could tell that they were trying to be as gentle as possible so I bit my lip and didn't complain.
