 Chapter Six: The Girls meet Jasmine. 

A couple of weeks after their punishment, Snowdrop and Snapdragon are allowed to see each other socially again, and the two young sprites get together to see if they can find the third member of the triumvirate... Blossom. As they set out for her home, Snapdragon says to Snowdrop, 

"Um... Snow, honey... I think you should call for her. You are the village sweetheart, and I am not... exactly, so you can get past her parents if needed." 

"I am kind of a little sweetheart aren't I?" She says with a giggle. (Snap slugs her in the shoulder!) 

"Ouch! Okay, I'll do it... no need to be rough though!" (Snap laughs, massages and kisses Snow's shoulder to comfort the hurt.) 

"Blossooommm! Can you come out and Plaaaaay?" Snow said in her singsong voice. 

"I can't play with you guys." Blossom answered, without coming all the way to the entrance. 

"Oh yes you can honey, now come out and play with us!" Snapdragon ordered with a stern look. 

When Blossom came closer, Snap grabbed her hand and pulled her out with them. The three girls flitted some distance away from house, and then Blossom turned to the girls and said, 

"I don't know if I want to play with you guys. You and your secret little places!" she said with emphasis on the the word "secret." 

Snapdragon looked at Snowdrop and said, 

"Snow, I think our darling little friend Blossom is upset with us." 

Snowdrop asked, 

"Sweetheart, are you mad at us?" 

"Well... maybe. But I wouldn't go to your "secret place" now if you begged me." 

"Well that's too bad darling, because that is where we are taking you! today!" Snap said. 

"Well you can both just forget it because I am not coming!" Blossom answered as she folded her arms in front, and gave a resolute little nod. 

Snapdragon gave a knowing nod to Snowdrop, and the two girls approached their recalcitrant friend: Snap from the front and Snow from the rear. Snapdragon unfolded Blossoms arms, and with her finger, traced Blossom's cleavage down and into the top of her dress, and around the line of her right breast. As she was doing this, Snap kissed her sweetly. At the same time, Snowdrop slid her arms around Blossom's waist from behind, and whispered softly in her ear, 

"Please come with us Blossom." 

Snapdragon now freeing Blossom's large round breasts from her top echoed, 

"Please come with us Blossom, darling." 

Snowdrop was now placing small light kisses on Blossom's shoulder, where it turned into her neck, then worked her way up the neck to her ear, and taking the lobe into her mouth with her tongue said softly, 

"Please come with us sweetie." 

"No. You guys can... oh... h-have your s-secret place... mmm... that feels so good Snow." 

By this time, Snapdragon had cupped the girl's breasts in her hands and was kissing and biting her nipples sweetly. Snowdrop lowered her hand to Blossom's hip, as the other was exploring the edge of Blossom's panty brief, sliding her hand into Blossom's panties. 

"Please come with us Blossom dear." Snowdrop whispered softly in her ear. 

"Uh... uh... I... don't... know... oh... mmm." 

Blossom tried to answer, with her eyes closed and moaning softly into Snapdragon's mouth. With Blossom's panties now lowered to mid-thigh, Snowdrop massaged her buttocks with her right hand, and her stomach with her left. She gradually slid a finger down the crack of Blossom's ample but shapely ass, touching her little puckered hole, and then between her little pussy lips. 

"Ohhh... y-you g-guys are terrible. Mmmm, you'r... ohhh... a couple of... oooh... ohhh... sluts... ohhh that feels sooo good Snowdrop, honey." 

Blossom was finding it hard to talk now as Snowdrop slid a long slender finger into her pussy as far as it would go. She started sliding it in and out along with her continued attention to Blossom's pretty, pink clitty. Blossom's breathing quickened, as she stiffened into a couple of orgasmic shudders as Snowdrop slipped a second finger into her little blue pussy from behind. Snapdragon was still kissing Blossom and fondling her large round but sensitive breasts. The girls just held their Rubenesque friend as she shuddered, and shuddered, through a strong orgasm. Snowdrop kissed Blossoms neck while Snapdragon, holding her in front, continued kissing her slips and massaging her breasts. Snapdragon reached across Blossom and kissed Snowdrop on the lips. Blossom's breathing slowed to the point where she could speak again, 

"Ohhhhh... that... that was... ohhh... Sno-Snowdrop... mmm... sooo wonderful. I hate you guys, you know that don't you." 

Both of the girls giggled and said in unison, 

"Yes we do sweetheart!" 

Snapdragon slapped Blossom's bare ass and ordered, "Now get dressed and let's go!" 

Blossom re-arranged her dress and pulled up her panties, gave both of her friends a warm kiss, 

"Okay you awful little sluts, I'm ready... let's go." 

All three girls giggled as they flitted off into the woods. Blossom was a little uncomfortable with the moisture in her panties, and leaking down the inside of her thighs, but got used to the feeling as she flitted along and... actually started to like the feeling! 

The girls were off to the secret pond, and as they went, Snowdrop explained that she had seen the elders head out on a long foraging trip, in the opposite direction, so it was safe. About a mile and a half from the village, with Snowdrop leading the way, she turned around to tell her friends something, and as she turned back, 

WHAM! 

She collided with another creature she did not see coming around the other side of a large tree. The two of them tumbled to the ground in a twirling motion, arms and legs, and bent wings in all directions, until they thumped to the ground. 

Snapdragon reached the scene first, and the little nurse knelt to see what she could do. Snowdrop and the other creature were sort of on their backs, and while Snow seemed to be conscious, but groggy, the other being was out cold. The other creature was not a sprite, but appeared to be... 

"She's a fairy!" announced Snapdragon. 

Snap was right, and she continued to work on the little fairy. The fairy was light brown-skinned and about Snowdrop's size. Her hair was a mass of silky dark brown curls extending down past her shoulders. She was wearing a white dress with straps over her shoulders. The dress was longer and more diaphanous than the ones worn by sprites, and seemed to be about knee length. The dress had a plunging neck and back line, with a couple of cloth buttons on the front just under the breasts, and in the back a button just above and a couple below the place where her wings sprouted from her shoulder blades. She had panties similar to the sprites, but they seemed to be skimpier, and of thinner material, rising very high on the hips. 

She was beautiful, and had ruby red lips. Blossom was tending to Snowdrop, after quickly finding a nearly bowl-shaped leaf, which she filled from a small nearby stream. She offered Snow a drink to help bring her around a little, and Snow was sitting up. She seemed to be okay, but was holding her head. Snapdragon, reached into the small pouch she always carried on her hip on trips out of the village, and put some white powder in Blossom's water-filled leaf bowl from a small wooden container. 

"Mix this in the water, and make sure Snowdrop drinks all of it... all of it Blossom dear! It will help sooth her headache." 

Blossom quickly did as Snap asked, and Snowdrop drank all of the mixture. Snapdragon did the same for the fairy, and from another small container, smeared some ointment on a cut on the fairy's temple. 

Snowdrop, doing what Snowdrop does, had caused another accident. This time instead of just hurting himself, she ran headlong into another creature, knocking her out. The fairy did not seem to be hurt too bad, but was still unconscious. She had a bump on her head, a slight cut, with an antenna bent a little. 

Snapdragon was tending to that right now, wrapping some long narrow leaves around it to hold it straight, and binding it with some thin vines. Snapdragon knew just what she was looking for in her ministrations, and always found a way to bind up a wound. Fairies have antennae on the top of their foreheads, which are short and stout, with a slight bulb on the end. 

Since Snowdrop was recovering, and with Snapdragon having finished her ministrations, Snow pulled the fairy up a little so that her head and upper body was on her lap. She looked down on a beautiful brown face that looked angelic to her. She softly soothed the little fairy's face and forehead with her hand. One of this creature's shoulder straps tore, and exposed her breast and a beautiful reddish-pink areola and nipple. Snapdragon gave a slight gasp looking at the beauty of this fairy and her round full brown breast, and instinctively put a couple of fingers on the girl's skin, and lightly touching the exposed areola and nipple a little. 

Snap looked up at Snow and Blossom, and then flitted off to find a way to fix the dress strap. She found some stringy material on a nearby plant that was whitish in color, and used a needle made from a sharp leaf point to repair the strap. Snap repaired the dress, and took her time replacing the breast back into the dress. Just then, the fairy started to moan a little, and her eyes fluttered open. 

"Who... what... what ha-happened? W-who are you? Where am I?" 

The three girls all gasped at once when the fairy fluttered her eyelids open, as the saw that she had the most beautiful light blue eyes. The contrast with the brown skin and dark hair was astonishing. 

"My name is Snapdragon dear, I am... I mean we are water sprites from the woods just south of here about a mile or so. This is our sweet Blossom, and the pretty lady holding your head is Snowdrop." She continued, 

"Our little Snowdrop is the sweetest and prettiest of our clan, but a little on the accident prone side. But, we love her and are used to her. You and Snowdrop collided as you both came around that tree, at the same time and bumped heads. Do you have a name sweetheart?" 

"I-I am called Jasmine, and I am a fairy from just east of these woods. This is my territory to spread fairy dust on the flowers and plants. There is another water sprite village several miles on the other side of our village... maybe we can introduce you to some of their young girls sometime." 

"Well, we are all pleased to meet you Jasmine darling, although the circumstances could have been better. Right, Snowdrop? Yes, we are always happy to meet other sprite clans. We have some good jocks among our girls... maybe we can challenge them!" 

Snowdrop blushed. She then nervously offered an apology, 

"I am so sorry, usually I only hurt myself. We are going to a secret little pond I know of, and you are welcome to join us if you wish." 

Blossom added her assent, 

"Yes Jasmine, won't you join us, honey? We would love to have you!" 

"If you can give me a moment, I would love to join you ladies. A little rest and relaxation with new friends might be nice. My chores are done for today." Jasmine answered. 

The three girls talked; laughed, and giggled with their new friend about their clan, the fairy's clan, boys, and any "girl talk" they could think of, as the little fairy recovered a little." 

"Who fixed me up?" Jasmine asked. 

Blossom answered, 

"Snapdragon did. She is our little nurse, and fixes us all up when we are hurt. Mostly she fixes Snowdrop up after her accidents." 

The fairy fluttered up to Snapdragon and as she kissed her on the cheek, 

"Thank you, my pretty green friend my head is feeling much better... and... um, so is my breast!" Snapdragon with a shy smile, blushed a little. Then said, 

"Girls, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship!" and they all giggled. 

The four young ladies all flitted off to the pond with Snowdrop and Blossom leading, and Jasmine and Snapdragon following at some distance. As they reached the pond, Snowdrop and Blossom turned off to find a quiet spot for the four of them to rest. Snap had a different idea though, and grabbed Jasmine's hand saying, 

"C'mon darling, I have a favorite lily pad over here, lets you and I sit and talk a little." Jasmine nodded, and the two were off. 

Snowdrop said to Blossom, "C'mon sweetie let's let our little fairy friend get to know her nurse." 

Snow and Blossom continued on their way to find a nice spot for the four of them to have lunch together later. Jasmine and Snapdragon reached the very same lily pad that she and Snowdrop shared some weeks ago, and sat taking in the view. Jasmine broke the silence, 

"Oh, this is a lovely spot. How did you guys ever find it?" 

"Our dear Snowdrop found it after getting lost when she was a little girl, and this then became her place to come and be by herself. She showed this place to me a few weeks ago and we had a... a little... um... picnic here." (Snapdragon blushed.) 

"It's nice. If you would like, I will keep it a secret from the other fairies. Ouch!" Jasmine had a twinge of pain from her sprained antenna. 

Snapdragon raised herself up straightened the antenna, tightened the bandage, and placed a little kiss on Jasmine's forehead, placing a hand on her cheek to comfort the pain. Jasmine smiled, 

"My, you are a little nurse aren't you? And, although your soft touch felt so good, my breast is fine too. See?"(giggle) 

With that, Jasmine slipped the repaired shoulder strap off her shoulder, exposing a very beautiful, full brown breast to Snapdragon. Snap and Jasmine both have larger fuller breasts, roughly the same size. Snap's reaction was quick, as she reached a hand over to cup Jasmine's proffered brown globe, glistening in the dappled sunlight. Snapdragon was not shy, but a little nervous about getting too intimate, too quickly with a stranger. She raised herself up on her knees, and said, 

"Mmm, its hot. Let's go for a swim." 

With that, Snap pulled her dress off over her head, and worked her panties down over her shapely ass, and off her feet. As she stood on the lily pad, Jasmine, who was a little surprised did the same, but slid the shoulder straps of her white dress off, removed her dress, and her tiny white, nearly see-through panties. The tall slender green sprite and the now naked shapely brown fairy stood looking at each other's bodies for a moment. Snapdragon took two running steps and dove off the pad into the cool water. When she surfaced, she saw that the lily pad was empty. Suddenly, a brown head surfaced next to her. Both girls laughed as they swam in a tight oval around each other, talking and giggling. As good as the water felt against their naked bodies, nothing felt as good as when they approached each other and wrapped their arms, each around the other's waists. 

They were starting to become easier about being together, and Snapdragon, without closing her eyes, kissed the little fairy on the lips, looking directly into her stunning blue eyes. Jasmine responded with equal enthusiasm. She looked into a pair of eyes, more darkly beautiful than any she had ever seen in the fairy's village. The two girls had become a little aroused by the motion of the water sloshing in and out between their legs, and from the electric excitement of having a new friend. As they kissed, their nipples had become erect with the cool water playing on them, and each girl's nipples were brushing against those of the other girl. After a sweet long kiss, they just floated, arms around each other, each searching the other's face for... well, they really didn't know what. Snapdragon was thinking that it felt wonderful to have another body pressed against hers, breasts rubbing each other, lubricated by the water. Snap felt a little jittery... nervous. 

Snowdrop and Blossom had found a nice place for lunch, and spread some big broad leaves... enough for all four of them to sit and talk, and have some lunch. The two sprites flitted off in different directions to search for some berries, and whatever fruit they might find... enough for four. They found some raspberries, blueberries, and plucked a few succulents from a nearby tree. Those were small pear-like fruits with soft sweet-tasting flesh inside. They could see that the other two girls were preoccupied with their swim, so they did the same. Snowdrop slipped out of her dress and panties, and watched the amazing site of Blossom lifting her dress over her head, and her large breasts as they bounced free. 

Blossom is a little fuller in the figure than most sprite girls, but was young and firm enough to be voluptuous. The sight of Blossom's full, shapely figure is one that never ceases to amaze Snowdrop. She involuntarily gasped, 

"Oh Blossom! How beautiful you are!" 

Blossom blushed as she slipped her panties down and off, and giggled tossing them at Snowdrop who pressed them to her nose, taking the sweet scent of her friend. Snow just had to feel her slender body against Blossom. She slipped her arms around her voluptuous friend, pushing her small breasts into Blossom's larger melons. Snow slid her hands over Blossoms back, hips, and down over her ass. She pulled Blossom closer and she sweetly kissed her friend, slipping her tongue into Blossom's eager mouth, as she slid her hands lower and massaged the crease of her pretty friend's buttocks. As the two sprites softly kissed, Snow increased her massage of her friend by grabbing her ass-cheeks and releasing them followed by deep massaging the firm globes of Blossoms ass. 

Blossom moaned into Snowdrop's mouth, as she pushed her kisses hard into Snow, releasing and attacking from different angles with kiss after slurping kiss. She slid a leg between Snow's legs, rubbing her mound and her sensitive little nub against Snowdrop's thighs. This mutual sexual girl-to-girl massaging went on for several minutes, until each girl shuddered a little, broke their kisses, and just looked lovingly into each other's eyes; two life-long friends who know each other so well. Blossom's beautiful doll-face looked radiant to Snowdrop, and Snow's eyes just roamed her friend's face, with a lustful look in her soft liquid brown eyes. 

After their breath and heartbeats slowed, they broke the embrace, turned and raced to the pond. Snowdrop with three long athletic strides dove into the pond, followed by Blossom, breasts jiggling with a less athletic entry into the pond with a big splash. The two sprites played in the water, splashing each other and giggling as they did. Blossom always full of life, dove under water, and swam toward the other two girls, surfacing just behind Snapdragon. She roughly wrapped her arms around her raven-haired friend. She said, 

"Hi sweetie, what are you guys up to?" 

"We're up to no good, as usual, what about you and our little Sugar-drop?" 

"Um, nuthin'. We have some berries n'stuff for lunch. If you two are not otherwise occupied (giggle) you can join us." 

Snapdragon still in close proximity to Jasmine turned around to Blossom and kissed her full on the lips. As she did this, she made sure to push her naked ass into Jasmine's stomach, causing Jaz to wrap her arms around Snap, and pull her tighter. She answered Blossom's invitation, 

"Why, thank you my darling! We, Miss Jasmine and I, will graciously accept your kind invitation!" 

"Indeed we will, Blossom, sweetie!" added Jasmine now becoming more comfortable with her new friends. 

With that, Snapdragon pushed past the others in a race to the bank, winning the race, followed by Snowdrop, Jasmine, and Blossom, in that order. The girls were hungry, and dove into all of the treats gathered by Snowdrop and Blossom, occasionally engaging in friendly food fights with the soft mushy fruits. Jasmine was laughing too hard at all of this, telling the others, 
