 The beach. It didn't have a real name; just a small cove hidden by cliffs on either side, the colorful reef out in the water precluding approach by the ocean, and the only path out involved a slow and terrifying climb up a slick streambed. He wasn't sure what had ever possessed him, as a child, to come down in the first place. He did remember what brought him back.

The young man carefully stepped down on the dry stones exposed by the summer heat. It had been nearly fifteen years since he last set foot in that place, and it hadn't changed a bit. The sand was still as soft, the summer heat still as baking. He still remembered the last summer he came out to the small beach town, before his parents had sold the house. The melancholy of saying goodbye to it still stung, not least because he'd never gotten to say goodbye to her.

He didn't know what became of her after he left. He'd wanted to stay in touch, but he'd never met her anywhere but this beach. Since he was young, he could remember coming to visit the beach, and she would always be there, the strange but kind-hearted girl. She said she lived up the coast, but she'd never given more details than that, and he'd never thought to ask her about it. He regretted it now. She'd been strange, obsessed with the ocean, but she'd been beautiful, and he realized now that he'd never quite gotten over it.

He slowly stepped down onto the beach. His bare feet dug into the sand, and he sighed softly at the feel of it, sinking his feet slowly into the warm sand, almost too hot to bear. He quickly spread out the thick woolen blanket, lying down on it slowly, closing his eyes to relax. The sun felt good, the surf pounding into the sand with slow, steady rhythm. It soothed him, as he felt his head drop down, his arm over his eyes, soothed into sleep under the warm sunlight.

He awoke, gradually becoming aware of something warm and wet pressed against his body. He jerked suddenly to wakefulness, sitting up, shock putting his brain into a sudden rush of overdrive.

The woman smiled. Her skin was a brilliant cerulean blue. She was humanoid, but impossible to mistake for human. Dark green hair hung over her shoulders in messy curls, still soaked with water, clinging in intriguing ways to her nude body. She had the fine lines of a swimmer, all streamlined muscle, curving but hard to the touch, and strange features. A spray of horns, almost like a crown, rose from her hair, fading from cerulean to black, and a pair of extended ears twitched lightly, her irises yellow like a cat's eye.

His eyes drifted downwards. Her chest was full, much larger than it should have been, with her build, each soft breast too large for a single hand to cover. Her hair hung over them, clinging and preserving her modesty, though frankly he might feel more comfortable if they were covered. And then, below the waist, things became significantly more inhuman.

She had a tail. About six feet long, it was covered with fine, smooth scales, ending in a blossom of long, flat fins. Her legs were similarly scaled from the thighs down, ending in slender, shimmering fins. He stared for several long seconds, until she reached out, and gently patted his cheek. "Hey. You look like you haven't seen me in fifteen years!"

He stared for a moment. "Thetis?"

She grinned, her arms sliding around his shoulders. "I go through all that work of getting to know you and falling in love with you, and you disappear on me the one week I'm sick? That's pretty unfair, you know! But I guess I can find it in my heart to forgive you." She smiled brightly. "But since you left me pining away for the last fifteen years, you've got to take responsibility for making up for lost time." The smile across her face was nearly inhuman, showing sharp teeth, as she began tugging him off of the blanket, and across the sand, standing awkwardly on finned feet.

Even as he was pulled along, unable to muster effective resistance in response to the girl's forceful personality, he tried to remember. It had been a long time, and she'd been strange, but had he really forgotten blue skin? Suddenly, however, she was tugging his clothes off, and dragging him into the surf. "Come on, you scaredy cat! I won't let you drown." She gave him a grin, and he came to the conclusion that all those Greek sailors couldn't be wrong.

At first, the water closing over his head was frightening. Then, her lips met his, and warm, incredibly sweet air filled his lungs. She smiled, as she took his hand, swimming downwards, the air escaping his lungs as the pressure built. The water was clear and glassy, and though it stung at first to open his eyes in the salt water, as they acclimated, he stared around.

The multicolored fish and the delicate structure of the coral reef sat nearby. Thetis hung in the water easily, her legs drifting back and forth, as she kept her lips close, sweet kisses arriving on his lips every couple of minutes. He gradually became aware of a soft, smooth-skinned hand wrapped around him, slowly stroking him. His face went red as he felt the delicate fingertips trail up and down, moving slowly, gently, slicker than the skin of a human. It almost felt as though her hand was covered with lotion as it stroked him, and he found himself wrapping his arms around her, his lips meeting hers.

She teased him for what felt like an eternity. The alien sensation of being underwater for so long was strange, but the comfortable sensation of floating, perfectly supported by the water, was... perfect. Her body moved, until she straddled him, her body pressed against his, her arms wrapping around his shoulders, his lips resting against hers, taking deep breaths from her lungs. He wasn't sure how she was producing the air, but it tasted too good to give up, the taste of her lips and saliva sweet, with just the barest hint of sea salt making his mouth water.

Her hips pressed down suddenly. He'd tried to avoid staring before, but she was as tight as a virgin, her body clenching around his shaft as she pushed down. Her hips thrust downwards at him, her legs coiling around his waist, hot breaths flowing into his lungs as she panted with the exertion. Her hips moved with intense speed and violence, shaking back and forth wildly, working him deeper into her body. She was slick inside, the muscles gripping him tightly even as they slid up and down. The feeling was unlike anything he'd felt before, and before he knew what was happening, his hips thrust upwards to meet her, as his vision blanked out for a moment.

He came back to reality to see her smiling face as his head bobbed, her lips dipping in to kiss him again, as she kept her hips moving. Unsatisfied, she kept shaking her hips, arching her back as he felt those muscles clench and unclench around him. She was wild, almost animalistic in her hunger, but he found his own body rising to meet hers, his hips thrusting upwards, his arms tightening into the slick body of the beautiful woman. He felt his body release again, and this time, her reaction was more intense, her body arching, her fingers tightening into his back, nails scraping him just gently, not quite breaking the skin. He felt her hips tighten, her womanhood clenching around him immaculately tight, as she came to a nearly hip-breaking climax on top of him.

The orgasm only seemed to encourage her. He felt his heart pound in his chest as she kissed him again, her hips beginning to slip up and down. Thetis felt even tighter, now, her body seeming to conform to his, as though she was changing to fit him more perfectly. His train of thought on the matter was derailed quickly, though, as she brought him to a third orgasm. It was as though she was absorbing his semen, pulling it deeper into her body, and as she kept shaking her hips bestially, he decided to stop thinking, and simply enjoy it.

—

'Ahh, I'm sorry, I got kind of carried away on my first time!' Thetis lay in his arms, her face satisfied, her hair draped over his chest, her firm ass planted rather deliberately against his groin. The fire crackled merrily. Driftwood had been in surprisingly good supply, and the fire burned beautifully, the wood crackling in the small pit. Thetis was watching with interest as the two hot dogs crisped, the low coals of the fire glowing merrily, still throwing out enough heat to warm, while the smell of the meat filled the air.

"Yeah, well, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get an erection for the next week." He murmured, a smile on his face. He felt slightly exhausted, but the sensation was deeply pleasant, the ache of overworked muscles and the flood of endorphins creating a pleasantly tired sensation. He rotated the skewer, his other hand wrapped, he had to admit, somewhat possessively around the girl's waist, as he leaned his head into her. Despite the fins, and his own occasional worries, she smelled entirely of salt, without a hint of fish, the scent pure and comforting.

"You'll be fine within fifteen minutes." She smiled. "A good bit of exercise is good for the libido, after all." He smiled back at her, even as his arm tightened a little more around her. Outside of the water, she was rather more relaxed and slow-moving, her body lazily sprawling against his, her expression pleasantly sated. The heat and the air seemed to exhaust her slightly, though from the way she shifted her hips, it hadn't done anything to quell her libido.

"Yeah, I'm sure that's likely to happen." He murmured, smiling to himself, as he lifted the skewer away from the fire, holding one of the hot dogs up to her. He stared, as she opened her mouth, the tip sliding between her lips. He winced slightly as she bit down, but as the juices streamed down her lips, her fingers moving to catch them and lick her skin clean, he became aware of a certain pressure against her. The smile on her face made it clear that it hadn't gone unremarked.

"You really should trust feminine intuition, you know." Her lips quirked up in a smile, as she finished off the hot dog. "So, childhood love, are you back for long?" she smiled. He considered the question, even as he slid her off his lap to gentle, protesting noises from the depths of her throat. He slid her out across the blanket, laying her down with her smooth back and nicely curved rear on display, his eyes drifting over her body as he leaned forward, his hips pressing lightly against her from behind. She let out a weak little sigh as he slipped forward, the tip of his shaft dipping inside, her body shivering. His fingers trailed across her back, as he planted kisses along the curving, athletic frame. Her skin had a rime of dried salt from drying out in the air, but she didn't seem particularly harmed, which brought a smile to his face, as he slowly leaned in. He planted kisses, licking the salt off of her gently, the taste of her body like sweet water, flavorless yet refreshing aside from the hint of salt. He smiled to himself, as he pressed forward.

Her hands crossed under her head, as she let out a pleasant sigh. The feel of her body was different, her muscles loose, her body warm, creating an almost frictionless environment. He could thrust without being stopped, and he felt the tip of his shaft press into something inside of her that made her voice escape in a high, needy cry, cut off as she bit into her lip, her face flushed, looking embarrassed by the sound she had made. He felt himself growing harder inside of her body, as he leaned forward, slowly thrusting his hips. It wasn't quite a reversal of what they had done before, though- Every movement he took, every motion, was planned to make her moan. He took his time, able to keep his head together as he pushed, the sound of her voice tempting him to grow frenzied, but a curious desire keeping his movements slow.

Her whole body seized up, her fingers clenching into the blanket, a high moan echoing between the canyon walls as she tightened involuntarily. Her muscles soon loosened again, though, a spot of warm wetness, smelling sweet and perfumed with her body odor spreading across the blanket. He smiled, and kept his hips moving, taking his time to slowly raise her up, the pressure on her slow and gradual. He was moving more by instinct than by actual practical knowledge, but the way she moved, arching her hips and moving her back, legs spreading, were designed to give him easier access, and she seemed as eager as he was to enjoy the feeling of their bodies pressed together, and that thrilled him. He pressed himself against her, feeling her cry out again, her breathing growing ragged, her motions growing weak and exhausted.

He finally started to move faster, his hips thrusting harder, and deeper, as he planted more kisses on her back, a little sweat trickling down her body, the scent of her sweet and beguiling, as he plunged his hips into hers, time and again, until he arched his back. He felt her clench at the same time he filled her with the sticky-hot seed, this time at the time of his choosing, and felt her go limp beneath him, lying down with a weary smile on her face, letting out a soft sigh.

"I've been looking into moving back here, actually. This part of the land is up for sale, at a pretty good price. I was thinking it'd be nice to build a little home, here." He smiled, and she stared into his eyes, before she let out a happy laugh, her arms wrapping around his shoulders, the girl pressing tightly against him as she smiled, her body warm from the activity the two had been immersed in, tingling lightly against his skin as she trailed her fingers through his hair. The smile on her face was warm, her golden eyes glittering in the firelight.

"I'm glad you're back." She whispered, softly, and her lips met his once again.