 The rain had been coming down very hard for over an hour, but as far as he was concerned, that was fine. He'd come out here to be away from people and to think. The raindrops made satisfying thuds on the fly of his tent and he remained high and dry. Here he could assume his normal shape and be safe and comfortable and that was all he really wanted. His thick grey fur made it so that he had no need for a blanket. He sat alone in the humid air wearing nothing but a loose set of shorts.

If someone had just seen his face, without seeing the fur-covered, but mostly human shaped rest of him, they'd assume they were looking at a gray and silver wolf. A person that had made a serious study of wolves might have noticed that his snout was a little shorter than usual, and that while blue eyes weren't uncommon on wolves, the powdery blue of his were. While in human form, people found his gaze very disconcerting. He tried not to scare them, but his motionless stare was natural to him.

A heavy mane of slightly lighter fur graced his shoulders, highlighted by areas of pure white that gave his solid upper body an almost silver and glowing look. It covered the muscles of most of his chest, but even hunched over, one could observe his tight stomach muscles moving crisply.

His legs were normal to the knee, but there was an extra bend between the knee and his foot: the digigrade back legs of a wolf. He mindlessly picked at his feet and listened some more to the rain outside. He felt right out here. He felt right in this shape. He always felt awkward and out of balance as a human, except maybe when he was deep in fixing some kind of computer problem. He did like his job. He even liked his life when he was out in the mountains. He just always felt alone and that was disturbing, even if it was by choice. If there were others like him, he'd never met them. Not since his mother...

The rain was coming down harder and Vance was glad that he'd taken the time to dig around his tent before settling in for the evening. It had been raining then too, although not as hard. The water ran off the tent fly and down two trenches, keeping away from the bottom of his tent. A little planning and he could stay dry, although the ranger near the trailhead thought he was crazy for coming here in this weather.

"Hello?"

He heard the quiet feminine voice come from about 10 feet away. It didn't break the melody of the forest around him, so much as added a new stanza. The voice was a lower alto and even sounded somewhat familiar. If he hadn't been in wolf form, he'd taken longer to realize that it was the ranger he talked to before setting off.

"Yes?" he answered. Unlike her voice, that seemed to be part of the sounds around him, his was harsh and unexpected. He slowly began his change back to human form. It would take a few moments and hopefully, she wouldn't see him like this. If it wasn't for the rain, he would have been more prepared to meet someone out here. He hadn't been listening well enough at all.

"I hate to ask, but do you think I can come in out of the rain? I didn't expect it to rain quite this hard when I set out." Her voice was hesitant and unsure. 

He arranged things a bit in the tent to make room. Refusing was not an option. 

"I don't mean to be any trouble. I'm sorry." She said.

"No problem," Vance replied, "Let me just get a little organized." He moved to the tent's opening and unzipped it. As the outer door fell open, he was startled to be looking at the face of a fox. A very large fox.

"Oh," the fox said in the ranger's voice. "You didn't need to change back to human form for me. I'm like you are, sort of."

He backed a little from the door and made room for her, too startled to be able to say anything at all. Her fur would have been a coppery red had it been dry, but it was a muddy red while it was wet. Her khaki button-up shirt and shorts were also soaked. "Thanks," she said, as she placed her boots outside and closed the door behind her.

He smiled a little, still shocked to see another with a curse similar to his. "Couldn't just leave you out there." He was trying to relax, but it wasn't coming easily for him.

"Well thanks again." She said and started licking her arms and legs dry. It seemed natural for a part animal, part woman to do, if just a little disconcerting. Her tongue lapped gracefully over her body, absorbing a fair amount of the rain and leaving her looking dryer. She didn't hurry at all, which was fine with Vance, since he had no idea how to let her know what was going through his mind.

She looked up at him with large green eyes suddenly, like she was examining every detail of him, reading into his mind. "You didn't know there were others like you?"

"No," he admitted. "I've never met another person that can change."

She continued to slowly dry herself with her tongue, an action that he found somewhat arousing. "There aren't many. I only knew of two others before I met you." She unbuttoned the first few buttons on her shirt so that she could dry more of her chest. Maybe it was just the effect of being crowded in the tent, but everything about her seemed to be very round, and almost too close. He felt a familiar pressure in his shorts.

He changed back to his wolf form. She continued her slow and careful drying. Did she know that it was driving him crazy? He dared to move himself closer to her now that he was in wolf form. It seemed much more natural. It didn't even seem odd to either of them when he leaned over and gave her a quick lick on the neck.

"How do you stand it?" he asked suddenly. "How do you put up with feeling so alone all the time?"

She didn't seem to think the lick or the question were at all incongruous. She licked herself a few more times and then gave him one cautious lick on the side of his snout. He realized suddenly that she was drying a tear. His tear.

"You're not alone anymore," she said calmly. "I'm surprised you didn't smell me for what I am the same way I smelled you for what you are." She gave another lick on the side of his face, drying still some more. He licked her gingerly on the neck once. She continued to dry his tears.

"Do you have a blanket or a towel or something I can wrap up in? These clothes are freezing me."

He pulled a wool Army blanket from his pack and wordlessly handed it to her. She wrapped herself up in it and began removing her clothes. It was a modest enough arrangement really, but the hot and musty smell that hit him when she removed her shorts put so much pressure on his that he thought he was going to burst his zipper. The animal part of him almost completely took over.

Once she had finished what she was doing, she moved back over towards him and started licking him carefully. He couldn't help himself anymore and began licking her neck. They continued for a moment, bathing each other, but still keeping a bit of a distance. Neither one of them wanted to seem too forward, but both of them wanted to remove all barriers as quickly as possible.

Vance cautiously put his arms around her and she sighed as he did so. It was a deep sigh that seemed to give permission. He was glad to be able to hold someone while in this form, to even be able to see someone without having to worry.

"I'm Michelle Vulpes, by the way," she whispered. "And you are Vance Canis, computer tech." He stiffened slightly at her knowing that and she laughed. "Your work ID is still on your shirt over there. Did you think the bears might want to check for it or something?"

He laughed briefly and nuzzled further into her neck. She started licking down his chest, which left him trying to figure out how to inconspicuously rearrange his bulging cock in his shorts. He didn't need to worry long. As she worked her way down his chest she carefully undid the button on his shorts and unzipped them. He hadn't been wearing anything else under them, so his member slipped out when she did so, glad to finally be free.

Michelle let the blanket fall from her shoulders and exposed herself completely to him. Her coppery fur covered every inch of her except the half inch circles around her nipples. He could tell that she was almost as hard as he was. She rubbed his dick with both hands, caressing it like she was trying to make a snake out of play-dough then placed both her hands on his hips. He groaned and leaned back on his hands to allow her full access.

Her animal tongue lapped under his balls a few times and then nearly circled his member. She drew her face up and down in fluid motion with her tongue still wrapped around him and he couldn't help letting out another sigh of pleasure. Then she placed her whole snout around it and began sucking, lightly at first, but with more and more pressure, occasionally letting her tongue slide down and tickle his sack.

Vance was beside himself with enjoyment and torn between appreciating the ecstasy of the moment and wanting to return the favor. He could feel the pressure mounting though, and knew it wouldn't be too long before he had the chance to see what his tongue could do to her. The vixen's head was bobbing up and down, faster and faster and he was beginning to shake with the effort of holding back. He didn't want to seem weak to her. He wanted to show just how much staying power he'd have when the time came.

She was putting a lot of effort into making sure he'd cum as quickly as possible. Her hands rubbed the sides of his hips and caressed the space between his stomach and cock. It was wonderful. Next she opened her mouth wide and blew air down on him, making his member a little chilled. Then she warmed it again quickly by lapping it with her tongue before placing him right back in her mouth. Her spit dripped down his crouch. The scent of her heat hit his senses yet again and he moaned deeply, not quite ready to cum. He could feel the dampness of her nose touching the skin under his belly and he loved that feeling. There was no feeling he had right now that he didn't love.

Starting slowly again and gradually moving faster and faster with her mouth up and down his fleshy staff, she kept him just on the verge of orgasm. He spread his legs further out so that he could sit up more and began to rub the fur between her ears. It was not much of a return on what she was doing for him, but she seemed to appreciate it. They both felt like they had never been and would never be alone. They felt like they had always been and would always be together. That feeling was even better than the more physical feelings she was giving to him now. Never alone.

She slowed her movement so that he could more carefully stroke her head and ears, but sucked harder to make up for it. Her tongue wrapped the bottom of his sac and pulled up. He couldn't hold back anymore. He came with a long satisfying grunt. She was ready for it and made sure that no cum was wasted. Nothing dripped down on the floor, to leave the tent dirty. She carefully lapped everything up and then sat up so that she could wrap her arms around him. He embraced her as well and slowly leaned back until they were both laying down, her on top of him.

"Vulpes?" he asked. "I suppose that like me with my Canis last name, you were hoping others would notice?"

Her laughter pinged about the tent like a wind-chime's random tones. "It wasn't much of a hope. My mother and my aunt both said they'd only met one other like them, their father, but that he had died years before I was born." Michelle crossed her hands under her chin so that she wasn't resting directly on his chest. He liked the fact that it made it easier for her to look at him while she talked. "When they find out what we are..." He felt her shudder all the way down the length of him and it seemed for a moment that the tent had grown much colder.

His hands stroked the fur on her back gently and she tried to smother herself down further into him. The air seemed to almost come to life when she sighed contentedly. He could not remember ever feeling safer than he did now, even if the conversation had been about...

"They won't find us." He said confidently. "Even when we are seen, the people who tell about it aren't believed."

Another drawn out contented sigh escaped her lips. He could tell that she wanted very much to believe him, almost as much as he wanted to believe himself. They both knew that they could believe it for now. After what had just transpired, they could bring themselves to believe anything. Neither had been the sort to have much interaction with the opposite sex, let alone give or receive a blow job on the first date. But they knew each other on many levels instantly.

They had been lying for a few minutes smiling with two contently stupid looking grins on their faces when he next spoke: "I think it's time I returned the favor." She turned her head to the side and dropped her left hand down his waist and began to gently rub his fur there. He wrapped the fingers of his left hand around the base of her tail, lifting it out of his way, and slowly parted her thighs with his right. She was already very wet.

The muscles around her clit tensed as he stroked them. He could tell that she'd submit to anything he wanted at that moment. He also knew that the reverse was true. He could have died for her at that moment, even though they'd known each other less than an hour.

He idly pushed his index finger into her warm and moist heat. She responded with what almost sounded like a whispered wolf howl. With the back of his mind, he wondered what would be her response to thrusting his cock in there if she gave such a response from a single finger. He was already hard enough, but he forced himself to go with his original plan: repayment for the blowjob.

He repositioned his hands solidly on either side of her hips and lifted her slightly. She let out a nervous laugh, "What are you..." she giggled.

Next he moved his hands towards his shoulders, as if he was at the gym doing curls, and lowered his head slightly so that her pussy was right near the tip of his nose. He held her there while she repositioned her feet underneath, still laughing. But the laughing quickly turned to low sighs of pleasure when he started teasing that very damp and not with rain pussy with his canine tongue, drinking from her depths like he would have if she was a stream.

One of his hands gently stroked the skin around the base of her tail which flicked randomly about in every direction. With the other hand, he rubbed the top of her clit. This added motion quickened her breathing slightly. "Oh," she said in a strained whisper, "I loved you when I first sensed you." Not really in a position to return her confession, instead he ran his tongue from her ass to her clit with one long and ponderous stroke. "I'll take that as you meaning you love me too," she continued. "You can argue with me about it later if you want." Both of them knew there was no disagreement. "Yes, this fox mates for life, I'll warn you." Neither wanted any less time with the other.

He returned to taking a long drink from within her and started slowly pressing his nose further and further in: exploring each new humid crevasse of her deepness. Her low moaning was punctuated by the increase in her breathing and hardened both his dick and his resolve to have her cum before he would satisfy himself.

He was now working his tongue into her as fast as he could. Her sighs and the thrust of his snout were in rhythm: united now. The scent of her gave him almost as much pleasure as what she was experiencing, or so he kept telling himself. He settled his mind on to it, embracing it and the sound of her quickening breath like he wanted to embrace her at the moment. 

Her voice, a little higher and faster than usual, brought a little light to the darkness that now surrounded them. "Oh, I'd say that is almost a payback," Grabbing the sides of her now sweat covered hips with his padded hands, he lifted her slightly so that he could better position himself for a deeper thrust. He took a moment to taste of her sweat and let its saltiness energize him, then he pulled himself into her, making himself as much a part of her as he possibly could.

Michelle howled.

She slid her way down his body and turned to face him. Her breathing was still deep. She clasped her hands to his shoulders. Then they both froze and became rigid. They'd both clearly heard the sound of the signal igniting. There was a schatten nearby. They slowly changed back to their normal forms. The rain had stopped, but neither knew when.

After a long moment, he whispered to her, "Did we change back in time?"

"I'm not sure," she said even more quietly than he. "I'd think it would be here by now if we hadn't. It was very close. Should I go take a look?"

She was bolder than he was. The memories were still too vivid in his mind, but he didn't want to act like that was the case. "We better both go. We stand a chance, two against one."

A nod was his only answer, felt but not seen in the darkness. He reached for his clothes, but realized that all she had would be wet still. "Here, let me get you something dry to wear." He pulled out a sealed bag from his pack that had socks, running shorts, and a tee shirt in it and pressed it to her. Her skin was cold now. There was no fur left to protect her from the damp fall air. Neither had felt at all naked prior to this point.

He took a moment for one last touch, placing his hand on her bare back and allowing it to linger: letting her know that he found her company more than just comforting and pleasurable. She reached behind herself to take his hand and hold it close to her heart for just a moment, letting him feel the coldness and fear inside her. He hoped to hide how much more intensified he felt those things. 

They dressed and left the tent. He swung his pack up over his shoulder and since her light daypack was quickly up and seated, she helped him get the waist strap on his. "The tent?" she asked.

"We'll come back for it, if we can. I think we should head straight for where we heard the sound and keep going." He was answered with a quick understanding nod. The only assumptions they could make about the direction of their hunters was where they were heard from and that they didn't pass the tent. By heading straight for the sound and beyond, they had their best guess of not following them.

"Cascade Falls is in the same direction. They probably came from that trailhead then." The confidence in her voice bolstered his courage a little bit. "How long did you plan on staying out here? I only have about a day's worth of food."

With everything as ready as it was going to get, he set off into the darkness. "Three days, then I'm supposed to be back to work. That's two days of food for both of us though, we should be able to sneak away from them by then. I don't suppose you'll be immediately missed?"

Again, she picked up quickly on his thoughts. "No. Which is too bad: a search party would make it hard for them to corner us, but we don't have any luck with us. Our only luck was hearing them. Any more luck and they'd have never been here."

The area was thick with pine and scrub and the moon was not high enough to offer much help. Vance had horrible night vision and Michelle's was normal at best, so their movement was slow and careful. "Thank heaven mom told me what to listen for," he said at almost a whisper.

"Mine and my aunt for me too," she added. "I've only heard one once before. Mom said there were fewer and fewer." Their steps were louder than their voices. 

He nodded, though there was no way for her to have seen it. "I've heard it three times, but she was gone before I heard the first." She hadn't seen the nod earlier, there was no way for her to see his eyes moisten. Fifteen years, and that was the closest he'd ever come to saying that she was dead, ever. There was no one he could have told before today.
