 This story is based on the John Norman Chronicles of Gor series of novels. (As always, copyrights are the property of the copyright-holder(s).) Translations for Gorean words (those whose meaning cannot be determined by context) can be found at a number of websites. And for those Gor fans who quibble with details or believe this goes too far afield of the Chronicles of Counter-Earth, remember ... this is fiction. 

*

Marius was nearly asleep when the leather covering to his alcove was opened. Qamar, in a black tunic, came inside. Even though it was dark, there was enough light from the candles outside the alcove for Marius to see him.

"If you think I am your pagar kajirus, go somewhere else," said Marius. "Trask may make me perform in front of his friends, but I am not a slut for you or Trask or anyone else."

Marius expected another lascivious look of the kind that preceded his last two plowings. Instead, Qamar's black eyes narrowed. Finally he said, "I am as much a prisoner here as you are."

Marius faced him with a look of skepticism.

"I am not his pagar kajirae. He makes me degrade myself to satisfy his own ... perversions," said Qamar. "I am black caste. Trask hired me to protect him. I thought that was preferable to ... the life I had. Had I known ..."

"I am not what Trask thinks I am either," said Marius. "You are the one who kidnapped me, aren't you?"

"I am," said Qamar. "Trask ordered your capture." He paused. "It was also his idea to rape you. He told of a legend of victorious warriors raping those they defeated ... to break their will."

"Another error on Trask's part. Why did you kidnap me?"

"Trask did not tell me why; he simply told me to capture you and bring you here."

"Why do you believe he ordered you to kidnap me?"

Qamar hesitated. "My role was not to ask why."

Marius wondered how to pursue what he suspected about Trask. Qamar may or may not know about the Kurii. Qamar may be part of Trask's alliance with the Kurii, which might end Marius' life in the next few ehn.

Well, better to die free than to live as a slave ...

"Trask seems quite wealthy for a physician," he said.

Qamar said nothing for several Ihn. "He is involved in many things," he finally said.

"I understand he has many kajira here for only a few days."

Qamar looked at him. "How do you know this?"

"My job is to find out," said Marius.

"You are not a scribe."

Marius paused. "I represent those who could order your execution. Or Trask's. ... Or could reward you."

Qamar scoffed. "Reward? I am black caste. What kind of reward can the black caste have from outside our caste?"

"Use some imagination, Qamar."

"The only ones who could give me a reward are the Priest-Kings or the Kurii."

"Good. Now you're down to two choices. ... Trask has aligned himself with the Kurii. I have seen his silver tube. No Gorean could possibly have obtained one legitimately. I believe Trask is trading slaves for Kurii weapons. Weapons that will be used against Goreans."

Marius looked at Qamar's face for reaction. He saw none. "Trask has chosen his side ... and his fate. Which do you choose?"

Qamar stared at Marius. Each had now put the other on the spot. Qamar's answer could mean Marius would have to kill both Trask and Qamar, which would mean that Qamar would be trying to kill Marius. Or Qamar could be an ally in Marius' vow to kill Trask.

"I serve my master," said Qamar.

"That is not what I asked."

Qamar was silent.

"The Priest-Kings are whatever the Priest-Kings are," said Marius. "The Kurii seek to enslave this planet. All of it. To the Kurii, either you are their slave, or you are their food."

"Enslavement is second nature to a slave."

"I think you have more alternatives than you know."

"Enlighten me," said Qamar.

"Do I have to spell out what an assassin can do?" said Marius.

"I cannot kill someone whose life I am sworn to defend!" answered Qamar.

"And what would you do if someone killed him?"

"I am sworn to defend his life!"

"Are you sworn to avenge his murder?"

Qamar paused. "No."

"What happens if he dies?"

"Then ... my service to him is completed."

Marius threw out the final die. "It is my responsibility to ... see that your service to him is completed." Seeing no change of expression, he continued, "Even if that was not the case, I vowed last night to avenge my abduction."

Qamar was silent, apparently mulling over the implications of what Marius just said. "When do you intend to do this?"

"I would do it now if I could. ... Of course, I have no weapons."

"I know where your weapons are," said Qamar, tacitly joining the conspiracy.

"That solves half of the problem," said Marius. "The other half is leaving this place. ... Who is in charge of the door guards?"

"I am," said Qamar.

"Does Trask leave the compound often in the night?"

"From time to time," said Qamar. "A slave is sent to summon him for an illness."

"Can you be at the gate to let him out?"

"I surveil the house around this time usually," said Qamar. "I will simply linger at the gate."

"I will need one of my weapons," said Marius. "Perhaps you can have a kajira bring one here."

"That can be arranged," said Qamar. "Tarana will be sent."

"Good," said Marius. "Then go tell Trask that one of his patients needs him in ... tell him wherever. Someone that Trask would run to attend."

Marius didn't tell Qamar what he planned to do next. The less any individual knew what he intended to do, the better.

Several ehn later, Marius stood near the alcove opening. Tarana came in carrying what appeared to be a medical bag. Before she could say anything, Marius grabbed her and placed his hand around her mouth to keep her silent.

Marius grabbed the bag, keeping his hand on Tarana's mouth. He looked inside and found his quiva.

"Go tell your master I need to talk to him right now," he said softly. "Go." 

Tarana looked at him, wondering. Marius took his hand off her mouth and kissed her, fondling her under her loincloth briefly for reassurance. "Go."

Tarana looked worried, but went off.

Marius then waited for Trask on the opposite side of the alcove opening, just in case.

Marius had mentally timed a chain of events. First, Tarana would bring him a weapon; second, Qamar would tell Trask that a patient had summoned him; third, Tarana would interrupt him on his way out telling him Marius needed to see him immediately. Marius decided to wait on the opposite side in case Trask interrogated Tarana about Marius' request. His bet was that Trask would either be half-asleep and not think to ask, or would be distracted and be in too much of a hurry to ask.

If Marius' plan succeeded, Trask would stop before he left on his errand. If not, Trask would go to his appointment, find that he was not needed, and then interrogate those at the gate upon his return. In case of the second alternative, Marius could leave, but he would leave Qamar and Tarama to Trask's mercies, or lack thereof.

The alcove covering opened. Trask came in and immediately looked to his left.

From the opposite site, Marius came from behind and slapped his left hand on Trask's mouth, leaving his hand tightly on Trask's mouth. His right hand held his quiva at Trask's throat.

"Make any sound, and I will cut your throat," said Marius quietly into Trask's ear.

Trask coolly betrayed no reaction. Marius' hand felt wet; apparently Trask was bleeding.

"I see you still take chances for a kajirus," said Trask.

"I see you still can't get my name right," replied Marius.

Marius turned around to face Trask, raising his quiva to Trask's eye level, pointing it at his throat. "Take off your tunic," he said. 

Trask raised an eyebrow. "You plan to avenge yourself? Here? Now?"

"Take off your tunic," repeated Marius. "Or I will take it off your corpse."

"You are making a mistake," said Tarsk. "You will be discovered."

"One of us will be," said Marius. 

Trask took off his tunic. Marius watched him carefully to make sure he hadn't secreted any hidden weapons.

Trask threw his tunic down on the ground. Then Marius saw a flash and pivoted to the right. Trask's scalpel, which he held in his hand, thrust past Marius.

Marius grabbed the hand, turned it around, and thrust it into Trask's chest. A geyser of blood shot outward from the wound.

Trask's face registered shock. Marius had stabbed Trask in the heart with Trask's own scalpel held by Trask's own hand. Trask's legs gave way and he slumped to the ground.

Marius went down to the ground with him. He wanted to be the last thing Trask saw on Gor. 

"You should choose your allies more carefully," said Marius. "And who will become your enemies." He pushed the scalpel completely into Trask's chest, forcing more blood to pump out with each of Trask's last heartbeats.

Trask looked dully at Marius, and then saw nothing. His head slumped to his chest. The geysers of blood slowed and then stopped.

Marius forced himself to slow his breathing. He looked at his hands, which were covered in Trask's blood. He grabbed the tunic to get it out of the way of the expanding pool of blood. He looked down and saw that he was standing in Trask's blood.

He stepped into the blood to Trask's feet and pulled off Trask's boots. He put them about a foot away from the blood and then carefully stepped into them. His feet were covered with blood, but the boots didn't seem too bloody. At least the blood wouldn't be visible at night. He hoped he wouldn't have to walk far since they were at least two sizes too small.

He grabbed the empty medical bag and tried to wipe his hands on the inside. He reasoned that it would be dark and blood inside a medical bag wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility.

Marius then grabbed the tunic and put it on, carefully trying to use his hands as little as possible. He put the quiva inside the tunic behind his back.

Marius got up and, avoiding the expanding pool of blood, stepped outside the alcove, taking with him the empty medical bag. He walked to the front gate, trying to act like Trask would and trying to not run into anything in the dark, given that Marius was much less familiar with the house than Trask.

He got to the front gate. Qamar and two gate slaves were at the gate. Qamar wordlessly opened the gate. As Marius walked by, Qamar bowed his head. The two exchanged a look.

Marius walked out the last gate into the city, not realizing he would be back inside the compound just Ahn later.