 "And now, a little entertainment for all," said Trask. "This is our own Canjellne."

Marius was not feeling entertained at all. It was the tenth Ahn. They were back in the courtyard, the room filled with what Marius assumed was all of Trask's slaves, and, judging from their dress, some of his business associates and their companions as well. All the free women wore long sleeves and pants, lest they violate the decorum rules and be sentenced to slavery. Serving kajirae mingled among the crowd, offering guests paga, Gorean ale, Ta-Wine, Ka-la-na and rence beer, along with plates of candied tospits, larma fruit, and small cubes of Cosian wingfish liver and verr cheese.

Marius was in the Bracelets position, his hands chained behind his back. Qamar was on the opposite side of the ring in the same position, except that his hands were not chained. Both were naked. Tarana was next to Marius, and another kajira, whom Marius recognized from the bath, was next to Qamar. The kajiri were wearing red silks that wrapped around their breasts, ass and fadu, obscuring none, and slave bells, each with a talender in her hair. 

Marius and Qamar had entered the chamber wearing pleasure silks — Qamar's red, Marius' white — which cupped their genitals, wrapped through their legs and between their buttocks, and then wrapped three times around their torsos up to their necks like a sash. A part of the silk had been pushed into Marius' anus, partly to hold it in place, partly to demonstrate his violation and his role as sexual plaything. The silks rubbed against Marius' anus and genitals, reminding him of last night's rape, but stimulating him as well.

Tarana and the other kajira removed Marius' and Qamar's silks in dramatic fashion from top to bottom, pulling the silks through their ass cheeks, slowly revealing their genitals last, chaq and testicles bouncing as the silk was pulled free, to the applause of the crowd. 

As the two knelt opposite each other, Marius tried to avoid looking at Qamar, whose chaq was already partially erect. Qamar caught Marius' eye and then licked his lips.

Two kajirae were on the other two sides of the ring in the Nadu position. Each was naked and had been oiled, as had Marius and Qamar.

"The rules of our game are simple," announced Trask. "The loser shall pleasure the winner ... or the winner shall pleasure the loser, whichever order you prefer ... until they release."

Turning to Marius, he then said, "The consequences of disobedience ... will not be pleasant." He pulled out his slave goad just far enough for Marius to see it.

The two kajirae were led out by two other kajirae to the middle of the ring to stand on either side of Trask. The oil and the fact they were the same height and hair color made them nearly indistinguishable from each other. Upon his call of "Obedience!", the two slaves bent to the ground and kissed each of his feet.

The kajirae then stood. "Begin!" said Trask, backing up to get out of the way.

The kajirae may have looked indistinguishable before, but not once they began to wrestle. One was considerably more aggressive than the other. She immediately got on top of the other, who was kneeling face down, and put her hand between the other's legs, making the other girl howl.

It appeared to Marius as if the aggressive one was toying — literally and figuratively — with the other. She looked to be about to win, only to let her opponent up so she could take her down again. The crowd seemed nonetheless entertained with flesh rubbing against flesh and the sleen-like screams of the combatants.

The wrestling ended when one got her arm around the other's neck, her ankles hooked around the other's groin. The arm cut off the oxygen supply, forcing her to black out.

The winner got up and the loser slumped to the mat. The winner went to the loser and pushed her legs up and toward the loser's head, and then lowered herself on the loser's head, grabbing the loser's head by the back of her hair. She started rocking back and forth as the loser tongued her fadu. The winner then reached her hand back and started fondling the fadu of the loser. She bucked and then buried her hand inside the loser's fadu.

The winner screamed when she orgasmed. The loser's scream when she orgasmed was muffled by the winner's genitals covering her face.

The last thing the winner did was to pick up the loser and sling her over her shoulders, her ass in the air, her head down around the winner's hip, to carry her out of the ring, getting huge applause.

Trask walked back to the middle of the ring and motioned to Tarana and the other kajira. The kajirae led out Marius and Qamar for their Canjellne. Neither wore the leather gloves of fighting slaves — the purpose was not to kill the enemy, only to rape him.

"Obedience!" Trask said.

Qamar bent down to the ground and kissed Trask's left boot. Marius, fuming, did the same to Trask's right boot after a short pause. Someone in the crowd oohed at Marius' skating on the edge of insolence.

The two then stood. "Paga!" said Trask.

A serving kajira brought out a krater and a bola. She placed the krater between the feet of Marius and Qamar. She took the bola and poured it at Qamar's upper chest. As with their first meeting, the paga poured down Qamar's chest, stomach, and shaft and head of his chaq. The kajira then turned to Marius and held the bola nozzle at his upper chest. The paga ran down his chest, stomach, and shaft and head of his chaq before landing in the krater. Both men's chaqs stirred from the paga flowing over them.

The kajira then left the ring. Qamar picked up the krater and drank from it. Qamar then turned to Marius and, as he had at their first meeting, put his hand against the back of Marius' head, turned his head, and locked their lips together. Qamar's tongue pushed into Marius' mouth, pushing the paga from Qamar's mouth to Marius' mouth. Marius swallowed the paga as some in the crowd tittered.

Qamar then drank from the krater and repeated the master's kiss, feeding Marius more paga. He did it a third time, making some in the crowd whistle.

Marius again felt dizzy, his skin again feeling like ice on top of fire. Their chaqs touched, and Marius realized he was now fully erect, the veins bulging out from his shaft. Qamar's chaq looked, if anything, even larger than when he raped Marius a day ago.

Marius was not a small person, and was athletic as well, but he was smaller than Qamar. His paga-buzzed brain was trying to decide whether he should try to defeat Qamar, submit quickly to him, or some intermediate or different option, when Qamar suddenly dived at Marius, knocking him off balance and onto his back.

Before Marius even realized what had happened, Qamar had Marius' legs wrapped up between his shoulders, his ass in the air, his head down on the ground. Marius punched Qamar's side, but it seemed as effective as punching a Tur tree.

Qamar slammed Marius down on the mat so he was lying flat. Qamar then pulled Marius' legs up until his feet were even with Qamar's head. Marius yelled at the pain of being unnaturally stretched out. But one of Qamar's hands slipped on Marius' ankle, and Marius' leg slammed down to the ground. Marius managed to rotate his body to the side to try to get out of the hold.

Marius managed to get Qamar onto his side, his arms locked through Qamar's shoulders to the back of his head, his legs wrapped around Qamar's side. If he could lock his legs, he might be able to squeeze out Qamar's breath.

Qamar then suddenly pushed upward and propelled both of them briefly into the air. Qamar landed on top of Marius, knocking the wind out of him. 

Stunned, Marius watched Qamar stand up. He lifted up Marius and, locking his hands around Marius' back, squeezed hard, trying to crush the wind out of him. 

Qamar then slammed Marius onto his stomach and immediately jumped on top of him, one arm around his throat, the other around his right shoulder. Marius could feel Qamar's chaq against his own testicles, then move upward and lay between Marius' ass cheeks as Qamar established dominance over Marius. 

Qamar's arm tightened around Marius' neck. Darkness moved in from the outside of Marius' vision. Marius couldn't breathe and blacked out.

When he came to, Qamar was standing with one foot on Marius' chest, his hands raised in the air. The crowd cheered, evidently indicating the end of the wrestling part of the Canjellne. Marius lay on the ground, breathing hard, covered with sweat, scratches oozing blood.

Qamar and Marius looked at each other. Qamar's chaq twitched. Despite his beating and exhaustion, Marius' chaq pointed upward.

Qamar suddenly grabbed Marius' ankles and pulled them upward. Marius felt himself lifted upward until only his head and shoulders were on the ground.

Marius felt Qamar spread his ankles until they were Qamar's shoulder-width apart. Marius felt Qamar's chaq touch his anus and then push inward. The paga ensured that Qamar would be able to slide into Marius' anus.

Unlike his previous rape, Marius was able to watch himself be fucked by Qamar — Qamar's chaq disappearing between Marius' buttocks, his thrusts making Marius' own chaq bounce and grow.

From the corner of his eye, Marius saw that they were having the effect Trask predicted on his guests. A free woman had her hand inside her pants. Another free woman had her hand surrounding a free man's crotch, the two kissing. Another man fondled a free woman's breasts through her clothing. One kajira had her hand inside the silks of another. Another kajira was actually orally pleasing another guest, the crowd's view to his genitals blocked by the kajira's head.

Qamar lowered Marius to the ground. Still inside Marius, Qamar rotated Marius around so that he was now kneeling. He then stood up, bringing Marius up with him so that both were standing facing the crowd, Qamar's chaq buried between Marius' buttocks. Marius' legs were spread outside Qamar's, and his chaq pointed upward toward the spectators.

Qamar put his large hand around Marius' chaq, lubricated only by their sweat. He resumed thrusting into Marius. With his free hand he turned Marius' head toward his and kissed him deeply, thrusting his tongue into Marius' mouth, while he pulled at Marius' chaq. Through the thickening fog in Marius' head, he heard the crowd cheering.

Marius felt as though all the blood was washing out of his brain into his chaq and ass. And then he saw Tarana, kneeling in the front row, her nipples stiff against her silks. He saw her reach between her open legs underneath her silk. He watched her legs widen slightly. She licked her lips, and her hips rocked slightly forward as she furtively stimulated herself to orgasm while watching Marius be raped. She looked into Marius' eyes as if she wished Marius to be stimulating her to orgasm.

Marius clenched his ass muscles. With a scream, Qamar orgasmed inside Marius. With a loud groan, Marius orgasmed, his chaq shooting semen onto the floor. The crowd applauded again as Marius slid off Qamar's body and slumped to the floor. Strings of semen hung from Qamar's and Marius' chaqs.

Qamar breathed hard a few times, then turned and picked up Marius as the winning kajira had picked up the losing kajira. Marius' head was even with Qamar's chaq, and his ass was over Qamar's left shoulder.

Qamar carried Marius through the crowd. As they passed through, Marius dimly heard people saying "Well done!" and felt people touching his skin.

Qamar took Marius to a chamber, followed by Trask. Two large platforms that looked like the points of a star sat on the ground. The kajira who lost the Canjellne was mounted on one, her arms and legs tied to four of the corners of the star. She was blindfolded; her head rested on the top leg.

From behind, Trask blindfolded Marius. He then felt Qamar lay him on top of the other star-shaped platform. He felt his arms tied to the side lengths of the star. He felt his legs spread and his ankles tied to the bottom lengths of the star.

Marius felt something pushed completely into his anus. He then heard the other X pushed away. He then felt the platform on which he was mounted move.

The platform stopped after a short time. He heard cheers, which made him conclude he'd been moved back into the courtyard. He also noticed that he was fully erect again, which made him conclude whatever had been pushed into his anus had been a drug to sexually stimulate him.

"My friends!" he heard Trask say. "For the next Ahn, the losers of our Canjellne are yours! But please do not leave permanent injuries, otherwise they won't be able to entertain you again."

The first thing he felt was a chaq presented at his lips. He opened his mouth, and the chaq pushed inside. Its owner pulled out of his mouth before he climaxed. Moments later, he felt a chaq at his anus. It pushed inside, then began thrusting in and out until he heard a cry and the chaq climaxed. Another replaced it, lubricated by the previous chaq's orgasm, its owner grinding his fingertips into Marius' hips as he climaxed. A larger chaq replaced it, its owner grinding his fingertips into Marius' chest as he climaxed.

He then felt a mouth on his chaq for about an Ehn. 

The mouth came off, andn then Marius felt a weight centered around his hips. Someone grasped his chaq, and he felt it pushed into an unfamiliar-feeling space — tight and hot like a fadu, but dry. 

He pushed upward. He heard a gasp above him. He thrusted upward again. He felt the flesh around his chaq tighten, and he felt something briefly touch his belly. He thrusted upward again, and started feeling the pressure in his testicles. He started thrusting harder and faster.

He heard a howl and then felt his stomach getting wet, and he realized he was fucking another man — he was doing to someone what Trask and Qamar had done to him. He imagined raping Qamar, his ass up in the air like a bosk waiting to be bred, or a trembling kajira ready to yield when ordered.

He arched his body and climaxed.

Marius lost count of how often or how many times he was kissed, touched, fondled and probed, and how many times he climaxed. From what he could tell since he couldn't see, the friends of Trask used every convenient body part of himself and the kajira to sexually play with or to achieve their own climax. He was fucked in the mouth and ass by men and in the mouth and chaq by women. When one left, another took his or her place.

He felt tongues licking his body, including his nipples, his chaq and his anus. He felt chaqs enter his mouth and his ass — once, his mouth and his anus were filled at the same time. He felt at least three — he assumed — women ride his chaq until, based on their cries, they climaxed. He felt someone stroke his chaq until he climaxed on his stomach, and then he felt someone licking his stomach. He felt another man lay down on top of him, their chaqs touching each other; the man then thrusted as if Marius was a woman until they climaxed. One woman covered his mouth with her fadu until, based on her cry, she climaxed. To his left, he could hear the other kajira scream repeatedly as she was taken by guests.

He then felt a weight covering his entire body. The kajira was taken off her platform and draped on top of him, arms and legs spread out. He felt someone grab his chaq, still hard, and insert it into her fadu. He felt the kajira's lips on his, her tongue going down into his mouth. Her fadu squeezed his chaq and his hips rose to meet her fadu. 

He felt an additional weight on top of him. A howl from the kajira indicated that someone had penetrated her in her anus. The rhythm changed where Marius' thrusts were matched from the kajira's other side.

Then the weight was lifted off. He felt his buttocks spread and then felt someone else's chaq enter his anus. The kajira's fadu throbbed around his chaq and he climaxed, his third rape in as many days complete.