 The mundane and natural serpent is a fairly unremarkable creature. Her slit-pupil eyes, while striking, possess no particular power save to block sand and dust without closing. A transparent eyelid doesn't cut it in a variety of situations, but a standard viper or garter snake has no need for anything more fancy. And they are too stupid to resent that. Snakes are slow. Snakes are simple.

"Slow and simple," Limini cooed, stroking the lovely woman's cheek as her eyelids fluttered and little gasps slipped from her, "slow and simple."

"S-Slow," the lamia whimpered, and her transparent eyelids fluttered desperately. Her eyes were, to Limini's vision, blank white orbs. Her skin was a deep bronze, her black hair done up in elaborate hanging braids. 'Ssssimple..."

Limini smiled, pouring her magic into her victim. Down below, her left hand petted the lamia's flat tummy, rubbed over the loosening coils that even now held her in more of a feeble, needy grip than a tight constriction. Her hands tingled with power as the lamia's tail grew looser and looser, her lovely dark lips quivering with delight.

"Ain't that nice?" the bounty hunter purred, leaning in to plant a little kiss on the lamia's cheek. The fey whipered and nodded as her lips conveyed even more brainwashing power into her. "Ain't you a good li'l squirmy worm for Limini?"

"Uuuuh..." The lamia's head lolled. "Sssssquirmy..."

Limini loved this moment, when her prey finally gave in fully. It was almost as delicious as the moment where her prey started to repeat what she said, which had happened about five minutes ago. Once they were repeating what you said, it was all over. She only wished she could see the lamia's dreamy, glazed-over green eyes. But work before pleasure.

"Everything moves so quick 'round you, sugar," she purred, petting the lamia's hair, "an' you're just a dumb, slow, simple serpent! Poor li'l thing. All it takes is a sunbeam to get you turnin' to a soft, squishy mess."

In the shadows, the lamia stared at her, visibly shaking with effort of resisting.

Limini's grin widened as she slowly leaned forward, pushing them both out of the tree's shadow and back onto the boulder - and right into the sunlight.

The lamia sank back with a moaned, "Mmmessss..." and practically melted onto the hot stone. She blinked up at the human mindweaver, and any semblance of shame or fear had given way to pure adoration - and happiness that she had so underestimated her would-be plaything.

Limini lickled her lips. That's two down. She glanced up, tongue in her cheek, gauging the sun. I've got four hours til sundown. The first one's rock'll be coolin' off in... maybe an hour after that. Time for one more.

Limini nodded and sat down on the boulder beside the sleepy, submissive beastfey, giving a slight smirk. She reached down and delicately stroked the lamia's cheek, admiring her elegant work. Many mindweavers just used the term 'mindweaving' as a catch-all, but Limini was an artist. The magic was strong enough to hold any victim tight, but delicate enough to be modified or removed for a new master. Someone would pay good money for this woman as a slave.

Some would call Limini a bad person, and many had tried to stop her over the years. But Limini was a Western Plains cowgirl, and a former employee of the Milky Baroness. Fey were just fey. They weren't really people. Besides, they all thanked her for this in the end. The slime girl bound in Limini's bottle at her hip begged to thank her every night.

And she was a professional. Nothing got in her way, and she didn't have any weaknesses to exploit like others in the business. This was no time to play, tempting as this sundrunk snakegirl was.

"Tell me, little worm," she said softly, continuing to stroke the lamia's cheek as she whimpered and whined. "Who else is in this forest? Any other lovely snakes like you in the area?"

"Um..." Seyvia blinked rapidly, her eyes half-closed as the warm sun shone down upon her. Her green scales glittered beautifully. "I... uh-huh..."

"Good girl," Limini encouraged, sending sweet little pulses of pleasure into her captive. "You're being very good. Where are they?"

Seyvia hesitated, and guessing she was struggling with the idea of betraying her friends, Limini cheated a little with her other hand, playing with her breasts.

"W... waterfall..." the lamia cried, her voice distant. "She's... g-gopher snake..."

"Gooood," Limini encouraged, though she already knew about that one. Poor Tenifer was basking on the waterfall shore right now, eagerly awaiting Limini's return. "Who else?"

Seyvia hesitated again. Limini flicked and pinched her nipples, savoring her little squeaks, happily tormenting her until she whispered, "Th-thicket. Rose thicket. East. But - "

"Gooooooood," Limini sang, and poured even more lovely sensation into the shaking serpentwoman. "Good girl. Is she a mage like Tenifer was?"

"N-No..." Seyvia mumbled, her voice hoarse with excitement. "But... she's, um... you can't... m-mustn't..."

Limini was getting seriously turned on, and she decided it was time to cut this short before she got carreied away. "Silly girl," she breathed, stoking Seyvia's hair. "Don't worry. I won't hurt your friend."

"But she's - "

"You'll be together again soon," Limini cooed, leaning close. "You're gonna sleep now, alright, sugar?"

"Buh... but..." Seyvia's eyelids were drifting closed as Limini admired those wide, pale eyes. "Sh-She's not... not..."

"Shh. Be a good girl. Take your goodnight kiss." Limini pressed her lips to Seyvia's and poured in one last flow of sleepy bliss, moaning against her.

Seyvia's moan slowly trickled into soft whines, then tiny sounds, then nothing. She went limp, her eyes closing at last.

Limini puled back and smirked, leaping to her feet. She turned to a nearby tree and started taking back down her equipment and clothes.

Two down. One to go.

~ ~ ~ ~

Limini almost skipped through the sunny Maple Wood as she sought out the meadow. Things were going well. Ever since the close call with the slime girls a month ago - it was a month, right? - she'd been a lot more cautious in her captures. She didn't want any more near misses. The Pale Eye Pendant she wore around her neck hadn't been cheap, but up against lamias... well, Limini could resist a lamia, but she was done with silly risks.

Wearing the Pendant, Limini literally couldn't see eyes - not even her own in a mirror. All eyes appeared as blank white orbs, like reality was a collage and she'd cut holes everywhere. Creepy, but effective at preventing hypnosis.

She'd installed another precaution, at her ex-employer's light suggestion. She couldn't quite recall visiting the Milky Baroness since the slime girls, so she supposed this was old advice. She'd placed in her own brain a self-trigger around the words "good girl", which would automatically cause her magic to give her a bit of a jolt whenever someone else said the words. It was unpleasant. Like vertigo. And triggers were sort of a problem for some, since they created a light toll on the caster's mind, but she was careful to refresh the spell regularly so it didn't overtax her. And it was worth it to eliminate that risk.

The grass shone like emeralds up ahead, and Limini guessed that this was the clearing. She grinned as she entered, admiring the view.

The Maple Wood was known for three things: Its maple syrup slime girls, which she had carefully avoided, its lamias, and its sugar glider girls. The woman lying in the center of the verdant, glimmering glen had big, pointed ears and a long, fluffy gray tail. Her eyes were large and white, with mask-like markings around them. Her tongue lolled out as she lay back and wriggled, mouth open to receive the dripping sap from a tap nailed into a branch high above.

Limini smirked and strolled in. This was the lamia's pet, no doubt, kept in line with sugar and spirals and everything nice. Sugar gliderfolk were infamously weak for all kinds of sugar, even maple sap straight from the trees. Left alone, they could brew that stuff into potent concoctions to secure equally sugary playmates - but who could leave such a pretty thing alone?

"Hey, there, sugar," she said, giggling slightly as she reached down and stroked the glidergirl's soft, silky hair. "Where's your missus?"

"Uh... ah... gah..." The glidergirl clearly couldn't speak. She just whimpered, eagerly receiving the sap from above. She was a mess from it, her whole buxom form dripping with sap that had missed the mark - her cheeks and breasts were particularly messy.

Limini chuckled and let the beastfey go, rising to her feet. Maybe later. Glidergirls weren't as high on her priorities, though it would have been nice to get a look at those no-doubt glazed, spiraling eyes...

Hearing a soft impact, Limini turned around. Behind her had dropped a length of crimson serpentine coil. The scales glistened and almost glowed in the sunlight.

She heard another soft impact, and adjusted her hat as she noticed the coils slowly spilling around her. They were particularly long - she'd never seen a lamia quite that size before. "Well, there you are."

There was one last impact, and she turned with a knowing grin as a truly lovely creature descended to the ground between her and the glidergirl. The lamia had a very large mouth, and pillowy, kissable lips that would make a milk kitten jealous. Her skin was a pale coral-red. She had a lovely round face, a cute button nose, and a ripe, buxom form. Her wide hips gave way to long, serpentine scales which shimmered a deep fire brick-red.

"Hi there," the serpent woman purred, her enormous eyes a perfect blank white as she smiled back at Limini. Her coils started to slither around her, drawing closer and closer. "A pleassssure to meet you."

Limini licked her lips. "Oh, the pleasure's all mine."

~ ~ ~ ~

"Well, then," the serpentwoman said, her voice sibilant and sweet as pouring sugar. "What have we 

here?"

She wound around Limini almost faster than she could react. The coils drew tighter. "A cowgirl, is it?" She laughed, the tip of her tail flicking her hat down over her eyes.

Limini reached up and adjusted her hat, biting her lip. She tried to make a show of stammering. "I-I, um... Limini. My name's Limini, I mean."

"Limini." The creature pronounced the name with such attention, it might as well have been orgasmic. "My name is Celessste." She fluttered her eyelashes, leaning in slightly, giving Limini a nice, inescapable view of eyes that probably would have been a little overwhelming if she could see them. "What bringsss you to my humble home?"

Limini blinked rapidly, allowing a fake glaze to enter her eyes. She swallowed. "I... I don't, um..." She could feel the coils slipping over her feet, slowly sliding up her ankles. They were very warm - had this lamia been sunning herself? They had an almost vibrant quality to them, like the lamia was purring, and felt very soft and gentle as they slipped over her knees. "... remember?" she whimpered.

"Aw." Celeste tutted, shaking her head. Limini made sure to move her own head in time with Celeste's. It was the little details that sold it. "Sssilly girl. You don't remember why you're here?"

"Um." Limini tried to look uncertain as she slipped her mind outward, testing Celeste's mental defenses with the gentlest of touches. A genuine look of uncertainty struck her, though, as she made contact.

Most mortal mental defenses felt like walls, or fences - solid barriers she had to punch through or slip between. Most fey mental defenses felt like hedges, forests, or vines - shifting and living barriers that would recover quickly and catch her up if Limini didn't carefully root them out.

But Celeste's mind felt like fire. Trying to establish mental contact was like trying to reach into a fire for a burning log - panicky and intense, almost painful. She pulled back quickly with a whimper.

Celeste didn't seem to have noticed. She continued to slowly wind around her, grinning as the coils got tighter and tighter, slowly climbing up her legs, riding up her short skirt. She wasn't a lamia at all. She was a fiend - some kind that Limini didn't know about. Her heartrate quickened.

And Celeste seemed to feel that and misinterpret it, because she cooed in sympathy. "Aw, don't worry, Limini." She stroked her head, not unlike how Limini had stroked the glider's a moment ago. "I'm sure we can remember together, can't we?"

"Uh... y-yes." Limini was off-balance now, but she recovered quickly. Those gleaming white orbs still dominated her gaze, and as long as they did that, it meant she still thought Limini was hypnotized. She swayed slightly - returning to Celeste's gentle rhythm - and reached her magic through those coils again. "Together..."

She wasn't really listening. She was checking this fire. Limini had caught lust sprites before, and to be sure, their defenses were nothing like this - more like a ring of torches you could step between than a blaze - but the same principles applied. She circled around Celeste's mind even as she slowly rotated, feeling a little dizzy as she kept pace. It wasn't a log in the center of the blaze. Behind the fire, Celeste's will was soft, malleable, like a piece of maple candy. She licked her lips. She just had to be slow and gentle, gradually work her way in.

"My eyes help you remember, don't they?" Celeste breathed, and Limini nodded, staring into those rather boring white eyes. "Yesss. Sssoooo easy to get lossst, isn't it, cowgirl?"

"Lost..." Limini moaned. Her mind was mirroring Celeste's motions, slowly coiling around Celeste's will, working her way sideways through the intense defenses. It was too easy - the more skin Celeste wrapped around, the easier it was to slip inside her mind. She just needed time. "Oh, yes..."

"Mm... they jussst draw you deeper and deeper, don't they?" Celeste smirked. "Ssspiraling around and around and around..."

"... and around and around..." Limini echoed softly.

"Ssssuch pretty eyes, aren't they?" Celeste was doing a poor job of hiding her triumph. Limini wondered if she'd ever caught such an 'easy' victim before. "Aw, little cowgirl. You remind me of my sssweet Bobbi. Sssooo eager to get lossst ssstaring..."

"Uh-huh..."

"Aren't my eyes wonderful?" Celeste cooed.

"Uh-huh..." Limini was starting to feel the intensity fade. She was almost in. "Pretty... s-so pretty..."

"Tell me how pretty they are." Celeste leaned in close. "Tell me, my sssweet," she hissed, "and infinite pleasssure will be yours."

"Um..." Limini had been tuning her out, and wasn't really paying attention. "Beautiful... spirals... gleaming like, um... spiraling... rubies..."

There was a pause. Limini dimly registered that they had stopped their rotation. She felt dizzy from it all, but she was starting to close in. Once she could start pouring in bliss, it wouldn't matter if Celeste was a demon, fey or undead - she would be putty at Limini's fingertips.

"Rubies?" Limini dimly registered that Celeste sounded... puzzled.

"Mm... yes..." She couldn't stop now. The coils were getting tighter, and she was just about ready - 

"But my eyes are green."

Limini blinked.

"Oh. U-Um, I meant..." Celeste's eyes were narrowing. "Red emeralds. Those happen. Mm... so lost in your spirals..."

"Hm." Celeste rose up slightly, peering down at Limini. She wondered if she looked as flushed as she felt, caught beneath the demon's stare, in her tight, hot coils. She knew she was sweating.

But then Celeste giggled. "You mussst be colorblind," she purred, batting her eyelashes. If Limini had been more alert, perhaps she would have wondered why Celeste would flutter her eyes when she was trying to hypnotize her, but this thought, like many others, slipped away into her filing system as she began weaving a web to trap this demon properly.

"Uh-huh... must..." Limini nodded as Celeste's head bobbed up and down. She was in! She could feel the demon's vulnerable little will - so small, for such a powerful fiend! Were all demons so vulnerable behind the blaze?

"It mussst be hard to focusss," the demon whispered, as Limini felt herself being lifted up into the air, "with those colorsss just... bouncing around inside your little head."

"Mm... hard to focus..." Limini was almost totally tuning the demon out, and it took her a moment to remember to keep repeating random strands. Part of her was already wondering what to do with this one once she was captured. Would the buyer pay extra for a 'variant' lamia? Could she even pass Celeste off as a normal fey? Probably not, but with enough brainwashing, all of that demonic energy would bounce right off as far as ordinary magical examination was concerned.

She wove her spell tighter and tighter, carefully patching together and cutting away 'knots' and 'holes' in the craft. On the other hand, someone would doubtless pay good money for a 'snake succubus' as beautiful as Celeste. Those jiggling tits alone could fetch a fortune, the way they bounced and quivered, so round and soft.

Celeste's voice was sweet too, sweeter than most lamias', as she went on and on (oblivious to Limini's impending spell) about how hard it was to focus on her eyes, blah blah, boobies too nice and bouncy, making her brain all soft and jiggly. A very sweet voice. Easy to nod off to. Easy to bob your head to, just nod along with the bouncing breasts.

Limini wondered if those breasts produced milk. That thought made even her mouth water - the thought of clinging to Celeste, of pressing quivering lips to those nipples and drinking greedily, needily, begging with moans and whimpers.

No doubt it would fetch a... a high price. For a client. Limini nodded dreamily as Celeste rambled on and on, getting ready to draw the final line and pull the webbing tight.

"... and that'sss good, isn't it?" Celeste hissed, her smile wide as her hands bounced her breasts together. Limini felt her brains bouncing with them, her head bobbing to and fro. "That'sss ssssooo good! Isn't it?"

Limini nodded, watching the breasts sway.

"Sssay 'uh-huh'."

"Uh-huh," she mumbled. Her spell was on the tips of her fingers as she felt it starting to flow through her into Celeste's open, vulnerable mind...

"And it's sssooo hard to focus," Celeste cooed, "on that ssspell when my pretty breasts just..." She gently rose and fell, and Limini's mind felt like it was doing somersaults in the water as they bounced about, gravity-defying. So smooth and perfect.

"Bounce," Limini whispered.

Dimly, she realized she'd lost her grip on the spell. Carefully, she took hold of it again. Something was bothering her - something about what Limini had said - but all the more reason to focus, right? Maybe Celeste's soft warmth was starting to get to her, and it was important to finish the spell before... Before Celeste realized her eyes weren't working.

"Bounce," Celeste agreed, smiling. Limini couldn't see her eyes. Not really. Just that wide, amused smile and those lovely, intoxicating, massive tits in front of her. Bouncing.

Dimly, Limini realized she'd lost the spell again. Her breath caught slightly as the coils slipped up to her waist and she struggled to recover control, to keep it from slipping away. She barely caught it this time.

Her grip felt so soft. Her focus kept bouncing about, and the spell was so very delicate, she worried she might tear it. She stared into Celeste's perfect, wonderful breasts, and bit her lip. Wait. Wait, this was...

"Ssssooo hard to focusss on your magic, isn't it?" Celeste whimpered sympathtically, her fingers tickling Limini's chin, forcing her to continue gazing into her cleavage. Limini stared helplessly, admiring the little freckles dotting the demon's chest above her breasts, the big, pert nipples no doubt full of lovely milk for her... "Sssoo hard... when I just bounce and bounce and bounce!"
