 NOTE: This story is based on the John Norman Chronicles of Gor series of novels. (As always, copyrights are the property of the copyright-holder(s).) Translations for Gorean words (those whose meaning cannot be determined by context) can be found at a number of websites. And for those Gor fans who quibble with details or believe this goes too far afield of the Chronicles of Counter-Earth, remember ... this is fiction. 

*

Marius awoke alone. Tarana, who had been draped over his body as he fell asleep, had left sometime before he awakened.

He got off the floor and stood, stretching his muscles to see what still hurt after the previous day's adventures. He felt stiff and sticky and dirty and hungry but otherwise uninjured. He was still naked but unbound.

He decided his quest for information needed to include seeing what was in the compound, including possibly a way out. He was unconcerned about encountering Trask. He was more concerned about encountering Qamar, but at least he would know what Trask was expecting from him. To knock down walls requires knowing where the walls are first.

Walking outside, he saw that the compound had a pool, which at the moment was unoccupied. He decided to see how far he could push his captor by diving in without permission.

The water felt cool on his body, a relief from all the sweating he had done over the previous day, by choice or not. He swam down to the bottom and back up four times, trying to see how long he could hold his breath.

After his head broke the surface of the water, he heard, "I see you still take chances for a kajirus." It was Trask.

"I see you still can't get my name right," replied Marius, slightly winded.

Trask smiled. "And how are you feeling this morning?"

"Sore," admitted Marius.

"Not used to being a kajira?" asked Trask, emphasizing the last syllable to remind Marius of his submissive role at the hands of Trask and Qamar.

"The accommodations left something to be desired," replied Marius. "And I don't know how the food is, since I haven't had any."

"Perhaps we can do something about that," answered Trask. "If I may say so, your ass is just divine."

"Have you ever thought what would happen if your clients found out about your ... tastes?" retorted Marius. "I don't believe they sit for that here."

Officially the penalty for man-on-man sex was anal impalement. The penalty, however, appeared to have been conveniently enforced, based on the records Marius had seen — as if the city or the Initiates assessed the capital punishment on men either wanted eliminated for unrelated reasons.

"Not only are you a magnificent specimen, you are fascinating," said Trask, elegantly squatting down on the pool deck opposite where Marius floated in the water. Trask wore a green tunic similar to his tunic of the previous day. "Here you are, stripped in every sense, alone in every sense, and yet you still play these games of resistance."

"You have an interesting definition of 'game,'" said Marius. His naked body distorted by the water, Marius thought he saw Trask looking between Marius' legs.

"Yes, well, perhaps you would like a little more time with Qamar," said Trask. "You seemed to enjoy him yesterday. I know he enjoyed you."

Trask stood up. "As a matter of fact, I am hosting a gathering later today. And the two of you are the main entertainment."

"I think I'll decline," said Marius. "You have kajirae. Let Qamar entertain them."

"But my guests have never seen anything like you will provide them," Trask countered. "As a physician, I must say the two of you are unparalleled. Statues should be cast from your bodies. And to offer yourself ... or to be taken like a she-sleen in heat ... I would not be surprised if our audience climaxes at the very sight of your ravishing each other."

"You do what you want with Qamar," said Marius. "I am not a kajirus."

"You are whatever I want you to be," said Trask, squatting down in front of him. "You are a kajirus. You are an animal."

Marius was stunned to see what appeared in Trask's hand — what appeared to be a shorter Kurii silver tube weapon. Merely possessing Kurii weapons was subject to capital punishment. How could Trask have gotten a Kurii weapon if he was not a Kurii agent?

Marius' duty now became obvious. Marius wanted to kill Trask just for raping him. Marius had to kill Trask as an agent of the Kurii. Marius had to wait for the first, best opportunity, and floating naked in a swimming pool with a Kurii silver tube at the disposal of your enemy was not an opportunity.

Marius sighed. "I suppose I have no choice in this."

"Slaves usually have two choices — comply or die," said Trask, the silver tube gone. "I will have a kajira get you food and prepare you. It will be delightful for my guests."

Marius hauled himself out of the pool, the water cascading down his body. He tried to shift his body as he got out to avoid Trask's gaze upon his genitals.

Trask changed his mind. "Display!" he suddenly said.

Marius glared at him, but stood in the display position, his feet shoulder-width apart, his hands behind his head.

Trask grabbed the back of Marius' head and pulled it back. Trask then bit down on Marius' lips in the master's kiss, while with his other hand he fondled Marius' chaq and testicles. Trask's hand rubbed the nerve behind Marius' testicles.

Trask broke off the kiss, but held onto Marius' genitals. Marius' lips started swelling from the bruises Trask's teeth had caused.

"Nadu!" said Trask.

Marius slowly knelt upon the ground, his knees open, his back straight, his chaq pointing straight out. A kajira would be offering herself to her master in this position.

What Trask had in mind became evident a moment later, when Trask, now naked, presented his chaq to Marius' mouth.

Marius opened his mouth and Trask slid in his chaq. It had an oddly sweet taste, not salty as when Trask and Qamar had plundered him earlier. Trask put his right hand on the back of Marius' head to control his thrusting inside Marius' mouth.

As Marius sucked on Trask's chaq, he felt the feeling of fire over ice on his skin from the previous day return. His heart started racing. His genitals started to grow.

"Belly!" said Trask.

Marius lay supine on the ground, his hands at his sides, his legs spread open, his testicles and ass exposed to Trask. Marius could feel his heart race in his chest. The mixture of anticipation and anxiety of the previous day returned. 

His chaq hardened against the ground as he remembered how Qamar had opened and raped him. He remembered Trask lying on top of him, their chaqs rubbing against each other. Marius suddenly found himself waiting to be used, waiting to climax, and not caring if his climax came from a man's raping him.

Marius felt Trask open his buttocks. He felt something wet against his anus, and he realized Trask was licking his anus. He felt his hips involuntarily flex upward. He moaned.

Marius then felt Trask's chaq at the entrance to his anus. He felt Trask's hands on his buttocks as Trask pushed his way inside Marius as he lay upon him. He breathed in sharply and deeply as he felt the head of Trask's chaq push past the ring of his anus. The flood of sensation centered around his ass returned.

Trask then pulled Marius' hips back toward him to put him in the she-sleen position and deepen his penetration. Marius found again that his body was closing around Trask's chaq as it had around Qamar's chaq.

Trask pushed Marius' head down to put him in the slaver's kiss position. Marius could feel Trask's testicles slap against his ass as he thrusted slowly inside Marius. His hips involuntarily matched Trask's invasion and withdrawal. His chaq dragged on the ground as Trask pushed in and pulled out.

Trask then rotated Marius, his chaq still inside him, so that Marius was lying on his back in the sula position. The hot friction inside Marius nearly drove him over the edge. Marius' chaq pointed toward his face, red, shiny, wet and quivering.

Trask picked up Marius' legs to push further inside him. Trask's groin touched Marius' testicles, and Trask's testicles touched Marius' ass as he pushed inside. Marius watched his chaq grow toward him as Trask thrusted.

"Slave!" said Trask. He leaned forward and crushed his lips into Marius', his tongue diving deep into Marius' mouth.

Marius realized Trask was beginning a perverse version of the Gorean Rites of Submission. Masters would force their slaves to admit their slavery while raping them. Kajirae would surrender to their masters as they yielded.

"Slave!" said Trask.

Marius clenched his teeth. The buzzing in his ass and the pressure building up in his chaq made it unlikely that Marius would be able to resist climaxing.

"Slave!" said Trask as he pushed inside Marius.

Marius arched his head back as the hot, wet, firm flesh skewered him. His legs were splayed open and pushed back.

"Slave!" said Trask as he thrusted.

The lightning bolts Trask's thrusting sent between his legs and inside him pushed out all other thoughts from Marius' mind. He was rapidly reaching the point of no return.

"Yield, slave," said Trask.

Marius yielded, crying out, his chaq spurting onto his belly, his ass tightening around Trask's chaq. 

Trask arched as he climaxed, his chaq emptying his semen into Marius' body. Trask collapsed onto Marius' body, his chaq still inside him.

Marius felt the pressure between his legs disappear as Trask pulled out of him. He felt a chaq touch his. He felt the chaq pause in the pool on his belly his climax had caused. He felt the chaq run up his chest.

Trask put his chaq back into Marius' mouth, coated with the two men's semen. Marius tongued Trask's chaq and testicles. He felt on-and-off pressure against his face as Trask thrusted into his mouth, Trask's chaq reaching the back of his throat.

Marius' mouth filled with the bitter, salty taste of Trask's semen as Marius' body made Trask climax for the second time.

After he caught his breath, Trask said, "I can see why Qamar wants you again. I think a good many people will want you when they see the two of you."

Trask called on a red-haired kajira to lead Marius to a bath room. Marius looked and saw the kajira had been watching, wide-eyed, as Trask raped Marius and made him climax.

The kajira led Marius, unsteady on his feet, to the first of its two tubs, where he soaked while another kajira hand fed him Sa-Tarna bread, pieces of tabuk and blackwine. The two kajira wore towels that covered from just above their breasts to just below their fadu.

The first kajira scrubbed coarse oils into his body to remove dirt and sweat, removing them with a stringli. She worked above his waist while he sat, and then below his waist when he stood up. Marius noticed she had similar green eyes to Tarana's.

The bath slave then led him to the second tub, where he lay with his head resting on the tub wall. She knelt in the tub and sponged his body.

Marius then stood in the bath and she vigorously rubbed his body with a towel. She then led him to a table, where he lay face down on another towel and she began massaging him with oils with the fragrances of dina and teriotrope, starting with his back.

The kajira then said, "A girl asks you to turn over."

Marius rolled over. The bath slave had removed her towel, and wore nothing underneath. She massaged his legs and arms with more of the oils, then liberally poured thick oils over his chest.

"A girl is sorry," said the kajira. "My master has instructed me to not allow you to make me yield to you."

The kajira then climbed on top of Marius and began using her body to massage him, sliding up and down his body with hers. Marius grew hard when her breasts slid over his groin, but before he could touch her she slid off.