 This story is based on the John Norman Chronicles of Gor series of novels. (As always, copyrights are the property of the copyright-holder(s).) Translations for Gorean words (those whose meaning cannot be determined by context) can be found at a number of websites. And for those Gor fans who quibble with details or believe this goes too far afield of the Chronicles of Counter-Earth, remember ... this is fiction. 

*

"I believe I have had enough of Qamar for an entire lifetime," said Marius to Tarana.

Marius was lying naked on top of a table in another alcove. Tarana was applying agrimony and honey to the numerous cuts on his body, the result of his losing duel with Qamar and the aftermath. She was wearing a loincloth, that covered the absolute minimum width of her genitalia. Her nipples were covered by two rings connected by a chain.

Marius had been led to the alcove by Tarana at Trask's direction.

"Magnificent!" said Trask after he had kissed Marius on the lips. "They were enchanted! A performance like that has never been seen in this city!"

Trask did not give Marius back his silks, which was fine with Marius, but he refused Marius any other clothing. Marius was not the only nude slave in the compound, but he appeared to be the only male nude slave there.

"You are too valuable to be sold now," said Trask. "You cannot imagine how much I have profited today. I have been nominated to head my caste. I will have to find some way to reward you."

"You can reward me by releasing me," asked Marius.

Trask laughed. "How amusing you are," he said. "Perhaps you are a tuchuk after all."

Tarana carefully reached between his butt cheeks to apply salve on the inside of his buttocks. Tarana also occasionally fed him chunks of Sa-Tassna left over from the event while he drank Gorean ale, in part to slake his thirst and in part to get the taste of the salty semen out of his mouth.

"I should probably avoid the paga from now on too," he added.

Tarana massaged Marius' legs, calves and feet. Given what he had gone through, the massage felt almost as good as being ridden by a kajira. Almost.

"Tell me, Tarana," said Marius. "Whom do you serve?"

"A girl serves any man," said Tarana. "A girl's master owns her, but a girl is to serve any man."

"How long have you been here?"

"A girl came here in En'Kara. This is the second Camerius I have been here." Which meant she had been there for about 15 Yhn.

"How many kajira are here?"

Tarana thought. "Usually five to 10. As many as 20. Many are not here long."

"What do you mean?"

"They come here. And then they leave within a few days."

Leave within a few days? Was Trask, a physician, also a slave trader? That might come as interesting news to the Caste of Slavers if Trask wasn't trading with them.

"There are slave pens here?"

"No. They are brought in by slave traders. And then after a few days, they leave in slave boxes. The slave boxes come back, but there is something in them. I do not know what."

Having seen a Kurii silver tube, Marius could guess what was in the silver boxes.

"This girl asks your favor to tell a girl something," she said.

"What is it?"

"You ask these questions because you are trying to leave this place."

Marius paused, wondering how much he should tell her. "I do not belong here. I was abducted and brought here by your master."

"Abduction," not "capture," because capture implies permanence. "Who has worth who would not keep his freedom?" was the 13th of the 100 Aphorisms of the Gorean Warrior Codes, which served as good discipline when he needed to focus his mind (in keeping with the 18th Aphorism, "Only a clean weapon can kill cleanly. Only a calm mind can act swiftly").

Marius would submit to Trask's ritual degradations only as long as absolutely necessary (the 23rd Aphorism: "Woe be it to any who yields all! A collar of iron awaits him one day") until he could devise a plan for his goal — to kill Trask.

"This girl does not please you?" asked Tarana.

"You do please me," said Marius. "But I did not choose to come here. And I'm not sure I would choose what Trask has in mind for me."

Tarana stopped massaging Marius and went to the alcove covering.

Into the alcove walked the red-haired kajira from earlier in the day, carrying a krater and a bola. She had removed her silk from earlier in the day, and stood naked in front of Marius. She was taller and less curvy than Tarana, but, as with all of Trask's kajirae, another splended example of Gorean slave womanhood. Her chest between her throat and her breasts was covered with freckles.

"A girl's name is Jessinia," she said.

"Trask said something about a reward," said Marius. "Which of you is the reward?"

Tarana walked over to Jessinia and caressed the outside of her breasts. Jessinia leaned forward slightly to encourage Tarana.

"A girl wishes to yield to you," said Jessinia.

"A girl wishes to please you," said Tarana, taking her hands off Jessinia's breasts to pull down her loincloth and remove her nipple chain.

"I am pleased already," said Marius.

Jessinia walked over to the krater and straddled it. Tarana picked up the bola and poured the paga over Jessinia's body, the liquid flowing over her breasts, stomach and genitalia into the krater. She then handed the bola to Jessinia and straddled the krater. Jessinia poured the remainder of the paga over Tarana's body, the liquid flowing over her breasts, stomach and genitalia.

Tarana then picked up the krater and drank from it, then handing it to Jessinia to do the same. After Jessinia put down the krater, Tarana then moved to Jessinia, and the two slaves pressed their mouths together, their hands reaching for their breasts, their hips and their buttocks, then gently probing each other's groins.

Tarana put her fingers inside Jessinia, moving them gently until Jessinia shuddered, and then put her fingers into Jessinia's mouth. Jessinia sucked on Tarana's fingers, tasting her aroused self on the kajira's hands. Jessinia then put her hand between Tarana's legs and slowly moved upward, nearly lifting Tarana off the floor. Tarana, on her tiptoes, rocked on Jessinia's hand as if straddling it until she tightened her legs on Jessinia's hand, inhaled sharply, and then exhaled and relaxed. Jessinia put her hand into Tarana's mouth so the slave could taste herself as well.

Tarana went back to the krater and drank some more. She then walked to Marius, grabbed the back of his head more gently than Qamar had done earlier in the day, and pressed her mouth to his, again draining the paga from her mouth into his, her tongue pushing against his. Jessinia picked the krater and poured its remaining contents onto Marius' groin. His chaq grew hard quickly.

Tarana continued the duel between her tongue and Marius' while Jessinia lowered her mouth onto Marius' chaq. She licked and sucked while running her hand along the bottom of Marius' testicles, making him involuntarily buck his hips.

Marius felt the pressure increase in his testicles. Jessinia ran her hand farther down, finding his anus, tracing its shape with her finger before pushing it inside to reach his prostate. Marius released his semen into her mouth, moaning into Tarana's mouth.

Jessinia walked up to Tarana and kissed her deeply, the two sharing Marius' semen.

"You enjoy pleasing me?" asked Marius.

"The girl wants only to pleasure you," answered Tarana.

"I want you to pleasure each other." Marius enjoyed the visual stimulation from the kajirae wrestling, but he also needed a break. "You watched today."

Jessinia took the lead, gently pushing Tarana down onto the ground. Jessinia turned around so she was opposite and above Tarana, and kissed her deeply on her mouth. Jessinia then kissed Tarana's chin, then her neck, then between her breasts. She took one nipple into her mouth and sucked on it, then put her mouth upon the other nipple. She then resumed her downward journey, stopping every few horts. She tongued Tarana's navel, then kissed the area above her fadu.

Finally, Jessinia spread Tarana's legs and licked up and down her labia before pushing her tongue inside her. Tarana's response was to reach for Jessinia's hips above her head, pushing her knees wider. Tarana put her finger inside Jessinia, found her clitoris, and then began tonguing it. 

Marius watched the two pleasure each other until their muffled cries of climax. That made Marius ready to rejoin the action.

"Sula, Jessinia," said Marius. "Slaver's kiss, Tarana."

Jessinia lay in front of Tarana, who resumed her tonguing of Jessinia. Marius grabbed Tarana's hips and entered her from behind. 

Marius wasn't sure whether it was the sight of Jessinia's bouncing breasts, Tarana's head between Jessinia's legs, or his own chaq buried between Tarana's buttocks, but the combination of all the sights was enough to send Marius over the edge again. 

Marius, his legs weakening though what was between his legs apparently was not, lay down on the floor. Jessinia and Tarana came over and slowly licked tonguing and licking Marius' chaq and testicles, both looking into his face the entire time. After a few Ehn, he was hard again.

Jessinia lowered herself on top of Marius, letting his chaq impale her. Tarana, facing Jessinia, lowered herself above Marius' face. Marius' nose was filled with Tarana's aroma, and he grabbed her hips and began tonguing her. Jessinia and Tarana locked their mouths together, their tongues re-exploring each other, again muffling their moans of ecstasy.

Tarana screamed her climax. Jessinia's fadu tightened around Marius' chaq, and Marius climaxed. Jessinina then screamed her yielding.

Before they left, Marius grabbed Tarana by the back of the head and gave her the master's kiss, biting down on her top lip and then her bottom lip, then biting her neck just hard enough to leave a mark.

Tarana put her hand to her mouth, surprised.

"A message for your master," Marius said.