 This is a continuation of my tale, 'Stacy Brown Got Two, Ch 01', my first ever effort in the Sci-Fi/Fantasy category. I STRONGLY suggest you read that one first if you have not already done so! Please note that all characters and events are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons or events is strictly coincidental as well as mostly impossible.

Here is a brief catch up: Stealing ... make that 'borrowing' the title from a song by Shel Silverstein, I developed my tale around Stacy, a college male who gets abducted while on a visit to Roswell, NM. While orbiting the Earth the little gray beings made several changes to Stacy, including a much bigger cock to replace his tiny one, an 'extra' cock that would come out from below his balls when needed, a much longer tongue that worked much like a prehensile cock. Oh yeah, they also altered the taste of his sperm along with giving his immune system a huge boost – one that he could pass on to others through his, um, bodily fluids.

Prior to being abducted Stacy was a poor performer in bed, a failure made worse by the cries of joy coming from Patty thanks to her boyfriend Mark in the adjoining room. After his return Stacy was an orgasm causing fuck machine, due to not only his improved cock and tongue, but also due to his 'extra' cock! Mark had tried to keep up but failed when Stacy and his girlfriend Brianna loudly fucked the night away. So Mark slept on the return trip while Stacy drove. The girls talked in whispers the entire way back to their college.

In this installment we will learn some of the reasons Shel's song said "Young ones run and the old ones crawl, just to get to Stacy." Hope you like it, don't forget to vote.

PS; Sorry this took so long; got real sick and lost all my creative juices. Took me a while to get back in the swing of things again. Family and life took first place in the things to do list.

********

I've got a small apartment off campus and after dropping off the others I headed home wondering when Brianna would be ready for more explorations of my new apparatus. She showed up about six that night but didn't want to get down to anything. My one track mind was thinking 'why come over if you don't want to fuck?' when someone knocked on the door.

Since Brianna hadn't warmed up to me yet I quickly walked over and opened the door, surprised to find Patty standing there looking more nervous than I had ever seen her before. "I'm coming in!" she said softly as she shoved past me and walked quickly over to where Brianna sat.

Closing the door I sarcastically said, "Hello to you, too!" Other than one party, Patty had never been to my place before. "Where's Mark?"

"He won't be coming ... he ... doesn't know ... that I'm ... here," she replied haltingly.

By then her 'sun' glasses had cleared up into regular eyeglasses and I gave her a puzzled look before asking, "Since when do you wear glasses? I've never seen you with them before."

"Oh, I've used contacts for years," she said self-consciously, "I hate wearing glasses. I forgot to take them out last night while listening to you two after my stud fell asleep. Then I fell asleep and I don't use the type that are ok to sleep with. I couldn't wait to get back to my dorm room where my glasses were, just so my eyes could rest."

"Oh, I never knew..."

"Oh quit with the glasses ... both of you!" Brianna said cutting me off in mid sentence. 

"Fine," I said giving her a look, "so what gives?"

"I need to see it," Patty quickly said.

I looked at Patty in surprise, then looked at Brianna who just shrugged her shoulders and gave me a 'sorry' look. Figuring it was worth a try, I asked, "See what?"

"Your extra weapon. From what I heard last night, and what Brianna told me on the way back here, it must be quite impressive."

Even before I could respond to that Brianna stepped up to me and began unbuttoning my shirt. She had always been the jealous type, so I couldn't believe she was doing this. She pushed my shirt off of my shoulders and it fluttered to the floor while her eyes scanned my so-so upper body. 

"Hey, I know that I bit you last night right here," she said putting her finger directly over the spot were she had indeed done just that. "I saw you bleed a little, but now there is no sign of it at all."

"Honey, I told you that they said my healing abilities were greatly enhanced and I guess that proves it! It hurt for just a few moments before I could practically feel it healing."

"Damn," they both said in unison.

Shaking off that surprise her hands returned to the task of removing my pants and in no time I was standing there with my jeans and boxers puddle at my feet. "Wow," Patty exclaimed, "that looks lots bigger than you said it was, and he isn't even hard yet!"

"Girlfriend, I told you things changed." Brianna gave me a hug and kissed my cheek while she started stroking my enhanced cock. "And they really changed for the better!" my gal said as she slipped to her knees in front of me. She smiled up at me and then inhaled my rapidly inflating cock until her nose pressed into my abdomen.

"Oh fuck," I groaned as my shaft stretched to full length.

"Damn girlfriend," Patty gasped as she watched her best friend power her face into me. "Holy fuck!" she nearly choked out as Brianna slowly pulled back ... and back ... and back until my cock head slipped barely out of her mouth. 

Brianna grasped my shaft with both hands and gave me a slow jerk while saying, "God this thing is so incredible!" Then she leaned forward and my shaft slowly disappeared within her lips once again.

I groaned in pleasure while Patty gaped at her with no audible sound escaping her open mouth. Brianna twisted her head left and then right, really give my lance some incredible sensations as she pulled off of me, her tongue going wild along my cock's underside. 

No sooner had I slipped from between my gal's lips when Patty put her hand on Brianna's shoulder and asked, "May I?"

"You go girl," came the reply while she made room for her friend who was quickly kneeling before me. 

Lust coated Patty's eyes as she stared at my shaft poking out of Brianna's hands. She looked up at me and softly said, "I can't believe I'm doing this." Then her lips surrounded my tip and she leaned forward until my mushroom head pressed against her throat's entrance. Both of us groaned while her head slowly moved back and then forward to the same depth several times.

After just a couple minutes Patty pulled off of me and said, "You're right Bri, that's one impressive cock! But you were telling me he has two! Do you mean it just seems like two?"

Before answering her Brianna grabbed my shaft away from her and gave my underside a lick from my tip to my balls and back. Her eyes were watching my shaft closely as she did her thing. "Tell me something Patty..." she said, then paused to suck on just the first two inches of my cock before popping me back out to continue saying, "...have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

Instantly she inhaled the tip of my cock again as both of us looked at my girlfriend. "A few times, but it hurt pretty badly." Her eyes looked up at me as she said, "I've never even seen one this big, so there's no way I could handle it back there."

"Maybe," Brianna said as she looked up at me. "Honey, would you be a really good boyfriend and fuck my girl here?"

Even though I was sure that option was in the cards, I cut her off when I gasped out, "Are you serious? What about Mark?"

"Yes I am," she said while looking straight into my eyes. "We won't tell him if you don't."

Well hell, I didn't really like the guy. He was just my girlfriend's best friend's boyfriend so he just came along with her. So I had no problem with it. "Then he'll never know," I said with a grin.

Brianna nearly scared Patty the way she jumped up and began rapidly taking her clothing off of her friend. "OH!" Patty choked out as I laughed softly at the vision.

By the time Patty was naked I had managed to lead them into my bedroom. I gave Brianna a kiss and said, "Thanks for this. But you'd better be certain about it." 

"Oh just shut up and get her ready for you to fuck her. I didn't tell her about it."

Patty looked at us with a puzzled look, then I leaned in and kissed her, gently at first before ramping it up until we were French kissing each other powerfully. I broke off the kiss and slid down her body and gave both of her tits a good oral workout, my fingers playing with whichever one wasn't inside my mouth. Patty really liked it as she was squirming beneath me and moaning constantly as her fingers twisted in my hair.

Brianna was still sitting next to me on the bed so I left Patty's tits and gave my gal a kiss as I asked, "Are you going to stay in here?"

She gave my cock a gentle stroke while telling me very softly, "Fuck yeah, I've felt what the new you can do and now I'm going to get to SEE it! Don't let me down. Fuck her good and make her scream!"

"You're too much," I said then gave her a quick kiss before sliding my face down to Patty's pussy. Starting softly at first I worked my lips and tongue up and down her slit, my tongue just dipping slightly into Patty's pussy before I would move up to her clit and give it a few soft flicks and slurps.

"Oh god that's so good," Patty groaned. Several moans later she looked over at Brianna and gasped, "You didn't tell me he was so good at eating pussy. OH SHIT!" she gasped as I suddenly stuck my tongue into her pussy and then let it reach fully inside of her and gave her four fucking movements.

"What the fuck?" she cried out as she lifted up onto her elbows and stared down at me between her legs. My mouth was still attached tight against her gash while my left hand had found her clit and was gently rubbing and pinching her little nubbin. Staring right back at her I made my tongue give her two more deep thrusts into her before I curled its tip and searched for her g-spot.

"OH MY GOD!" she screamed when I found it and mashed my tongue's tip against it while the rest of my tongue resumed its fucking movements, giving her strokes of about four or five inches each. "OH god ... how...oh shit ... I'm cumming ... oh fuck I'm ... CUMMING!" and her body began violently bouncing and shaking as I held onto her tightly. 

Eventually her lurching body came to rest, with only her rapidly rising and falling chest moving. Three times she tried to speak only to fail each time. I flicked my tongue against her g-spot one final time, making her body shudder hard again, and then slid my tongue back into my mouth as she moaned again.

I sat up and looked to her face as she brought her glasses framed eyes back into focus. Then she asked, "How did ... how could ... you do that to me?" 

Her juices were all over my face so I just grinned at her then made my tongue slide out and lick my entire face clean while she gasped "Ohmygod!" Her eyes locked onto my tongue and watched it closely while I used it like a squeegee to clean me of her juices. 

"You ... you didn't tell me about THAT!"

Brianna reached out and stroked her face as she said, "Yeah, I thought it would be a nice surprise."

"No shit."

I gave Brianna another kiss before saying, "I hope you are serious about this."

"Just shut up and fuck her! Make her feel things she's never felt before ... just like you did to me last night!"

"Come on stud. Show me what she's been talking about," Patty begged me. "Just go slow at first; I've never had a cock that big inside of me."

Lining my cock head up with her pussy's entrance I grinned down at her as I said, "It will be my pleasure."

"Ooooooooh fuckkkkkkkk," she groaned as I slid about four inches into her. My hips pulled back and then eased back into her about five inches deep. "Oh god, stop!" She gave three fast and hard breaths then said, "Okay, just go slow ... oh god ... oooo ... oh yeah ... ummmmm ... oh god Brianna ... shit ... my god ... so deep ... ooooh that's so good..." she was barely managing to speak as I slowly pumped into her over and over and over until my pubic bone crushed up against her clit.

I held position as she shook slightly and stared down between our bodies. "You okay?" I asked her.

Patty's eyes quickly moved up to mine and she gave me a grin as she said, "Holy shit, you've got it all the way in. My god, I've got that entire fucker inside of me! I didn't think you could do it!" Her pussy muscles squeezed around me as she went on, "Now that I know I can handle it, give it to me Stacy. Fuck me and make me cum like never before!"

"You really have been talking," I told Brianna with a grin while my hips slowly pulled back nearly all the way before reversing direction. In no time my hips were slamming Patty hard making her body move on the bed. 

She was grabbing my arms tightly while her eyes switched from staring into my eyes, to looking at our joined bodies to tightly shut as she moaned in pleasure. About ten minutes had passed when she gasped, "Oh god ... don't stop! Don't fucking stop ... oh god I'm cumming... fuck me Stacy I'm cumming!"

Patty wrapped her arms around my shoulders and held on tight as she came, her body shaking like crazy. Her pussy contracted around me making it very difficult to move within her, but still I forced my cock to continue slow strokes fully in and out of her incredible sex.

My hips slowed to about one thrust every 15 seconds, just enough to keep both of us feeling really good. Patty looked to Brianna with dazed eyes and after trying to speak simply waved her hands in front of her chest in a fanning motion.

"Damn Patty, your pussy feels incredible," I said before leaning down and kissing her softly yet passionately. All she could do was moan into my mouth as her arms and legs tightened their hold on me. 

By now I could tell when it happened and Brianna gasped as my extra cock slipped out of its hiding place and reached out for Patty's back door. Its tapered tip poked around her crack searching for her puckered hole making Patty jerk in surprise. "Oooo, girlfriend, your getting kinky," she said before realizing that Brianna was about four feet from us and looking just south of our joined sex.

My searching phallus found its target and used its improved muscles to gently move forward as it shoved its tapered self right up Patty's ass about five inches. "OH GOD!" she gasped, her eyes quickly moving from me to Brianna and back several times. My extra cock then pulled nearly fully out of her before pressing back into her until nearly eight inches was buried inside her butt.

"OH FUCKING HELL," she cried out as my tapered shaft slowly pumped up into a near duplicate of my front cock. My hips resumed thrusting my cock into her pussy as my extra shaft used its lion-like muscles to move in reverse of my cock. As I pulled out of her pussy it would pump into her ass, then it would pull out of her ass while my hips drove my cock into her cunt. Patty went silent – other than moans – while she looked around me trying to see what was happening to her.

Suddenly she looked back into my eyes and began non-stop talking. "Oh Stacy, I've never been DP'd before and now only one guy is doing it...this is insane! Oh god it's so crazy but it feels so good! Oh Bri, he's fucking me so good! TWO COCKS! Oh god fuck me! Fuck me harder!"

My movements ramped up at her request, both cocks slamming into her in turn driving her towards a monumental climax. "God yes ........ just like that!" she gasped as each cock began pushing her up the bed. Her legs clamped around my ass cheeks just when she screamed "Oh my fucking god ...... I'm cumming ............ cumming on your cocks! Ohgod ... ohgod ... ohgod ... ohgod ... SHIT!!!!!!!!"

Instantly my second cock gave her a quick double pump and now moved right in time with my newly enhanced cock, both of them pumping into her powerfully as if they were one. Her nails raked deeply across my back as she screamed, "Oh fuck ... I'm cumming again! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh gawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwd!"

Both her openings clamped around me super tight and my balls let loose cannon-like shots of cum into her pussy and her ass. With my first volley into her she screamed non-words as her face and shoulders turned bright red from her orgasmic stress. By the third blast of cum into her holes Patty was bouncing violently beneath me as her head rapidly snapped left to right and back over and over. My balls ran dry, then my second cock did another double pump giving my shafts a rhythmic two-piston-like motion where there was always a cock moving into her even as there was always one pulling out.

Patty's movements had dislodged her glasses so that they hung from one ear and her nose, so she fumbled with them before just giving them a soft fling towards the edge of the bed. She took several deep calming breaths then gave me a look of disbelief before saying, "That was SO good! I've never came so hard in my life before! Hell, your ... um ... cock in my ass feels better than anything I've ever felt!" She looked to Brianna, who was sitting near us with a shit eating grin on her face, and said, "He really fucked you like this last night? For how long? How the hell are you still alive?"

"I don't know, but it sure feels great ... right?!" Brianna didn't wait for an answer, instead she gave my hips a shove to move me off of Patty and said, "While it's still out I want to suck it!"

Patty moaned as my cocks left her pussy and ass, then Brianna dove into my crotch where she instantly inhaled my bonus attachment. Patty moved much slower but soon had turned her body so she could begin blowing the cock that had just flooded her pussy with jizm. Fuck that felt good as the two of them blew me without getting in each other's way. 

Patty pulled off of me and said, "Okay, time to switch," and got a nasty look from Brianna. My gal stayed there with my extra dick buried down her throat and Patty grew anxious, finally pleading, "Oh god Bri, please let me suck it! I NEED to suck it ... Pleeeeeeeassse!"

Brianna winked at me as she pulled back, then her lips slipped from the tip of my extra cock and instantly enveloped my first one. "Yes..." Patty gasped before her lips encircled my rear shaft and then began pumping it in and out of her mouth, stopping at the entrance to her throat each time. 

Seemingly having a will of its own my back cock began pumping with its muscles trying to enter her throat. "Please stop that Stacy, I can't deepthroat! Never have, not even little skinny cocks." I gave her a hands out shrug and she resumed blowing my add-on cock. 

Brianna pulled off of me and looked at her friend just as I felt it return to its tapered shape. Patty swirled her tongue around me and moaned lustily just before I felt the new muscles for my second cock thrust forwards and she swallowed my rear cock to the hilt. Her eyes bulged out as she looked up at me in shock while I held her in place with both hands on her head. My back shaft pumped her with three more full length thrusts before it began to enlarge. Christ what a feeling that is! It paused at around half its thickness and gave her two more full thrusts before it pumped slowly back up to its full size. 

It took about four full thrusts before it had reached maximum size but by then Patty was actively attacking my shaft. I released her head and marveled as she pulled all the way off and swirled her tongue around its crowned tip, then slowly lunged forwards until her nose crushed against my balls. 

After watching that Brianna resumed her efforts on my improved shaft and amazingly, after about five more minutes I groaned, "Oh god girls, I'm going to cum! You're both making me cum!" They really got into it then and used their lips tongues throats and hands to make my balls give them both a huge load of tasty cum to swallow.
