 This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially. These stories have been public for some time, but I am slowly uploading my back catalogue of stories currently.

---

Stabled

"And just where do you think you're going?"

Amethyst, the chestnut mare, sprawled out on the hay bale, smirking at the delicious sight of her black stallion slave whinnying madly and fighting his restraints with a feverish, anxious look. Nostrils flared wildly and with a slight sheen of slick sweat layering his dark coat, he struggled uselessly to release his wrists from the rope binding them to the sturdy beam. A bridle was fitted snugly around his dished muzzle, the leather accentuating his dreamy, copper eyes and straps tugged as tight as possible. Of course, his body was bare and open for her amusement - only the reins looped over his head adorned his figure otherwise. His paws...well, he would have no paws for the time being; they were encased in tough, glove-like mittens with imitation hooves in lieu of fingers. He wouldn't need to use his paws for a while.

"Naughty, pony," she murmured, spreading her legs widely so that the randy stallion had a clear view of her moist, teardrop shaped sex, a rivulet of feminine juices trickling into the hay.

The stallion groaned lowly, pinning his ears back and stomping a hind hoof angrily, smashing it into the stone paving. Frowning, Amethyst jumped up, riding crop in hand, and slapped the short whip across his rump with a resounding crack; he squealed indignantly.

"You're nothing but an animal to me," she whispered, brushing her fingertips along his coat like she would to one of her riding horses. "And you're not doing a bad job of acting like one, cock hanging out like some damn breeding stallion."

He nickered, snapping his teeth together but not finding the spirit to deny what was so obvious to his Mistress. His mottled, fleshy length hung lewdly from his large sheath, the tip drooling as if he was just an animal driven by no more than his instincts. Striving to appease his Mistress like a feral horse would, he arched his neck and rubbed his muzzle against her breasts, lashing his tongue across her dark, firm nipples. He perked up his ears when she giggled, redoubling his efforts, the metal on his bridle clinking musically as he nuzzled between them, inhaling her musty, equine scent combined with a lighter, more feminine perfume.

"Aww," she laughed, scratching her fingers down his neck. "Does pony want a carrot?"

Carrot? He knew that word. It meant something delicious and orange and crunchy and special. It was tasty and something he would only get upon occasion. It was something his Mistress would give him.

He wanted it!

He nickered loudly and did his best to prance on the spot, bobbing his head excitedly while Amethyst merely chuckled under her breath, patting his cheek and he leaned into her touch.

"If my pony is going to be good, he can have a carrot," she winked, holding on to both sides of his muzzle to make him bob his head up and down in an imitation of a nod. "Are you going to be good, my pet?"

He snorted quietly and chewed the bit, his tongue rasping against her fingers. Of course he was going to be a good pony - wasn't he always good for his Mistress? He was well trained, she had done such a good job with him that other Masters and Mistress' were sending their pony slaves to her for training or even retraining. He was going to be a good pony, as always, for her. Besides...he wanted that carrot.

"Good, boy," Amethyst murmured soothingly, yanking the quick release knot free from the O-ring on the wooden beam.

Feeling the rope fall slack around his wrists, the pony slave lowered them to chest level, whinnying as blood rushed back into his paws, which had been restricted by the uncomfortably tight ropes for some time. Amethyst threw the rope aside and, ignoring her slave's slight huffs of discomfort, flicked his taut, muscled rump with the riding crop.

"Walk, git on," she snapped impatiently when he did not move immediately, grabbing the reins under his chin and tugging his muzzle down to her level, another 'encouraging' flick of the whip landing upon his flank, stinging briefly.

Rolling his eyes, the slave nickered and stepped forward obediently now, seeing that his Mistress meant business today. The lights in the barn picked out the healthy shine to his sleek coat and he lifted up his hooves with each step, almost as if he was attempting a Spanish walk but not quite managing the stretch required of the movement. His Mistress chuckled dryly and tapped his calf, noticing this failure in the movement as she always did.

"Higher, stretch them out. You have to be light on your hooves, slave. Again, circle."

He arched his neck and flagged his tail proudly, like those Lusitano studs what would perform the walk with a practiced ease, stepping carefully around Amethyst in a small circle, struggling to feel the stretch in his muscles with every stride. It was awkward, this gait, and did not come naturally to him, but he ground his teeth together in determination, eager to try and try again until he pleased his Mistress. He soon settled into a rhythm and concentrated, shaking his muzzle to shift his long, dark forelock from his eyes as he was evaluated and judged like a show pony in the ring.

"A little higher, slave," she instructed, tickling him with the whip. "Or is your mind driven by more feral lusts?"

Blushing furiously, he staunchly kept his gaze ahead, a strict kind of discipline driving him to not look at the object of his attentions, the flame coated mare who was his Mistress. Focusing upon every pace with the utmost attention, the pony slave could not do anything about his waving cock, which had hardened to an impressive length and girth, begging for any attention she would allow him to have.

"Better," she murred approvingly, the whip held loosely in her paw, as she admired her toy performing the movement perfectly. Some ponies just need a little extra encouragement.

"Halt," she said, lifting the whip to his side and just tickling his shiny coat with the triangular flap.

He did so, breathing slightly more heavily than usual from the focused exertion; it was not hard work to walk around in circles, of course, but to perfect every muscle movement within that circle... Over a lengthy period of time, he found it both physically and mentally exhausting, so was relieved of the opportunity to rest. The stallion nudged his Mistress' arm softly, huffing warm air on to her coat as he sniffed lower, wondering if his training was complete for the present moment.

"I think pony deserves a treat," she smiled, tying the reins in a loose knot upon his neck - just so that they would not get in the way for what she had in mind.

Ears pricked, he stood to attention as she rummaged in a sack for the aforementioned treat and withdrew it with a flourish, rolling it in her palm. He licked his lips eagerly, salivating at the thought of getting it into his muzzle and hearing the sharp crunch of the sweet treat between his blunt teeth. Frustrated that she was taking so long to offer it to him, he shifted his weight from hoof to hoof, snaking his head slowly forward to lip at her hair, appeasing her the best he could in his present state

She only smiled infuriatingly and darted back, lifting her red tail playfully so that it cascaded over her round rump. The pony slave mouthed the bit, desiring nothing more than to lunge forward, snatch that blasted carrot from her paw and sink his aching dick into her sweet mare's sex.

Amethyst manipulated the carrot between her fingers teasingly, raising it to her muzzle to sweep her broad tongue sensually along the length, murring at the taste. She giggled at her slave's look of horror - he thought she was going to have his treat - and tapped him gently on the nose with the object of his desire. Pivoting, Amethyst bent over slowly, running her paws down the backs of her shapely, equine legs and flagged her tail to display her soft, winking cunny to him. He watched every move with bated breath, eyes widening as she steadily thrust the vegetable into her cunt, leaving only the thick end protruding.

The mare moaned softly, her cunny clenching around the welcome intruder as it was lubricated by her own juices. She worked it in deeply, patting her slave upon his muzzle for being so patient, if a bit shocked at what she had done, and dropped a kiss on to his nose. Bending over the hay bale, purposefully left out for her use, she waved her tail at the pony slave, beckoning him to take what was offered, spreading her legs lewdly wide.

"What are you waiting for? Come and get your 'treat', pony," she murred, laying her muzzle on her folded arms and wriggling her rear for him.

He leaped forward with a triumphant whinny, shoving his muzzle between her thighs and licking at the treat buried in her cunt, his teeth nipping at her sensitive flesh as he strove to grasp the carrot. Amethyst nickered cravingly, quivering gently under the stimulation, and yelped when his teeth succeeded in catching hold of the treat, drawing it smoothly from her cunny in one swift motion. Pleased, the slave tossed his head back to snap up the carrot, nickering happily from the feminine taste that clung to the treat, making it all the better for him.

His hunger for the promised reward sated, he turned his attention to what else was being so blatantly offered. Nostrils twitching, he inhaled the heady scent of a mare in season, he bucked his hips reflexively, drops of pre cum splattering across the floor. Succumbing to his feral lusts, he advanced with a toss of his head, upper lip curling back instinctively to sift through the scents, all of which were screaming at his instincts to mount.

He dropped to his knees, barely noticing the shock of pain that rocketing through his limbs, so overcome was his mind with the heady, musky pheromones his Mistress was exuding. Pressing his velvet muzzle against her sex, he inhaled deeply and ran the tip of his tongue from her engorged clit up to the tight pucker of her tail hole, which clenched reflexively at his stimulation. She moaned, flagging her glossy, chestnut tail higher as if to display her receptiveness to a feral mate, rather than a sentient one.

Semi-sentient, at least.

The stallion snorted softly, eagerly, against her dripping cunt, the taste of her juices clinging to his lips and tongue like honey, the slave loath to swallow the sweetness for want of having her scent to arouse him further, making him more feral for what was to come. Scrambling to his hooves in an ungainly manner, much like a colt approaching a willing filly for the first time, he gripped the mare about her waist, arching his sleek neck to nip at her mane.

Amethyst wriggled her rump eagerly, snorting at the light scrabbling of his hoof-encased paws at her sides, fighting for purchase that they would never quite grasp on her shiny hide. Grunting with raw need, she thrust her rump out enticingly, flicking her tail over his questing member, which slid against her rear and left trails of pearly pre cum as he whinnied desperately, striving to breed the mare who owned him. The teasing strands of her tail led his cock like a set of reins would, directing his dick so that the flat, fleshy head pressed into her folds. Having found his target with his Mistress' assistance for, after all, he was in a truly beastlike mindset and no beast had the intelligence required to mount a male or female like an anthro, the slave horse neighed triumphantly, hunching his back to thrust his pulsing cock deep into her heat.

Amethyst whinnied and bucked reflexively under him, gasping as the tip of his cock slammed into her cervix, fighting to break through a barrier it could not penetrate alone, no matter how determined this particular slave might be to take every inch of pleasure he was allowed. The coarse straw scratched her belly and breasts as he thrust rapidly, although thankfully with more stamina than a feral stallion would be permitted by nature, the roughness pricking her nipples into erect nubs. The further stimulation made her tremble with a mounting, searing desire to feel every smooth inch of his dick crammed into her needy cunt, inflamed with the familiar burn of being in season.

Well, he had been exceptionally well-behaved of late, it had to be said...

The pony slave's eyes widened suddenly as something parted around the head of his cock and he grunted loudly as he thrust into the fresh warmth. Amethyst chuckled breathlessly at his mindless determination and simple wish to breed her, the stallion not even realising that she had channelled a subtle burst of magic to both slightly dilate and weaken her cervix and to funnel the power needed to slam through into his senseless thrusts. She squealed sharply, kicking her hooves back, and tossed her mane as orgasm overtook her senses, her cunny clenching and rippling delightfully around the hard prick buried in her snatch, the head kissing the back of her womb with every, single, powerful thrust.

Her juices squirted around his cock, slickening her passage for his frenzied bucking, and the pony mouthed the bit, snorting heavily and resting his body more closely to his Mistress, his toned belly pressing against her lower back. His bucks took on a ruthless air, his balls slapping against her thighs and cunny as his passions rose, driving him towards a climax he had desired for days, having been teased with an exceptional lack of mercy by his Mistress but not permitted to cum at any point. A desperate nicker whispered from his muzzle and his balls tightened perceptively, the need to spill his seed almost overcoming his senses entirely. But was he allowed to cum yet?

"Mmm, cum, slave."

Did he require any further instruction? Neighing, not without a flicker of proud warmth, the stallion hunched his hips rapidly, catching his Mistress' neck lightly between his blunt teeth as he came, his cock spurting ropes of seed into her womb. His tail flagged with a hint of bestial dominance and he nuzzled her neck gently, his breath hot against her coat as he huffed through his orgasm, hips gyrating subtly. Amethyst groaned, the volume of cum forcing her stomach to swell as if she was a couple of months with foal, her flat belly bulging out smoothly against the straw bale. Panting heavily, she looked back at her slave, a flush of pride at his performance seeping through her chest. She smiled warmly and patted his muzzle, his eyes half-lidded with the much needed orgasmic bliss still rippling through his body like a draught of fine wine after drinking only water for months upon end.

"Good, pony!"