 First of all, thanks to all of you who sent me feedback or posted comments on this tale. They are most appreciated. I apologize for the delay in getting this one posted as life has a tendency to jump up and take the main stage. During my hiatus, it did that with a five gold star effort. (Heart problems, PC crashes, forgotten passwords to this site, etc.) That did help me to continue mentally refining this, the final part of Stacy's adventures. If you haven't read Chapters one and two, I strongly suggest you do so before reading this.

After returning from the space ship that abducted him, Stacy has been having a blast using his TWO cocks and long prehensile tongue pleasuring his girlfriend, her best friend as well as many young ladies that they brought to him to help out for one reason or another. Just before the college year ended Patty, the best friend of Stacy's girlfriend Brianna, brought her sick mother to him for the 'curative' powers that the aliens had given him. Both Patty and her mother were quite sexually satisfied when they left the next day. We now find summer break in full swing and Stacy on his way to Roswell for an 'Abductees Convention'.

Hope you enjoy this outing where we see more of how Stacy makes the 'young ones run and old ones crawl, just to get to Stacy!' By the way, thanks again to Shel Silverstein for the title and idea for this one. RIP.

Don't forget to vote!

*****

It's been nearly three months since I last told you of my escapades. The end of classes – and the obligatory finals – came and went. That meant that Brianna has gone off to Germany for her internship. She really didn't want to go anymore. Then I found out that her girlfriend, Patty, lived 10 miles from my parents' house in another town. Small world, I guess. Neither of us realized it until Brianna told us not to have too much fun while she was on the other side of the world. We had no idea until she told us.

That meant no drop off in my chances for fucking as we were together practically every day ... and night! She is an incredible fuck! That also gave Gloria (Patty's mom) ample opportunity to express her gratitude by riding my cock like she was a horny teenager. She sure has the energy of one! 

One Saturday morning I was talking with my mother over coffee when ...

'What the fuck,' I thought, 'not again!'

"Wake up, Stacy, hello again," said Three as he stepped through the wall's entrance and stood in front of me.

"Three???" I said in a questioning voice that rose up as the 'ee' sound continued longer than necessary. 

"Of course, it is good to see you again."

"Really?" I said in the same way, my mind telling me that their bringing me back to their ship didn't sound all that good.

His little lips looked as if he was pursing them (it's hard to tell since they have such small lips) yet I couldn't really get a good read of him. "Um ... is it normal for you to abduct someone twice?" I asked, not just a little bit worried. More like big time worried.

"Well, it is rather unheard of but you are not the first one to return to us. I believe you are our forth such subject."

That revelation did nothing to make me feel better so I nervously asked, "So what gives ... are you going to give me a cock like that whale? I sure hope not as what I have now works quite well."

"Thank you for saying so; I had thought those would be quite useful for you on Earth. We realized that we made a small mistake the last time you were with us. We have already corrected the problem. Protocol calls for us to make any correction and then return you without you having any knowledge of your second visit. However, we discussed your case and felt a longer stay might be acceptable."

I licked my eyebrows, thankful that I could still do it, then asked, "Wh ... what did you have to correct?"

"Ah yes, that. You remember how we greatly enhanced your body's healing abilities so you will never be sick again, nor will injuries take very long to heal." I nodded my agreement. "Well, we did allow your body to transfer that ability, with one major flaw ..."

"Flaw!! What flaw?!" I asked impatiently.

"We didn't consider how this might ... um ... spread due to your kind's fondness for fucking, as you call it. Before we realized it, your ability had been passed on to nine-thousand-eight-hundred-ninety-seven others. We realized that left unchecked, your planet would become virtually immune to disease and injury in less than 14 more months!"

"Wow!"

"Yes, wow. If this news reached the authorities back home, we would be in serious trouble! So we have had to track down every person affected by your gift to make corrections."

Interrupting him I quickly said, "You didn't make them sick again, did you?!"

"Stacy, such an act would clearly paint us to be mean creatures and I assure you that we are not. So, their health change will remain with them, just none of them will be able to pass it on to anyone else. I must say, Stacy, that friend of yours called Brianna was a real hard one to track."

"What do you mean?"

"It will probably surprise you to know that she alone is responsible for just under 8,700 of the recipients of your gift."

"Are you shitting me?! I thought she was serious about our relationship. Bitch!"

"Well, yes, she was rather prolific, as were her many mates. Thankfully Five was up to the task and tracked down every person directly or indirectly tied back to her. She is definitely ... um, how should I say it ... a busy girl."

"Okay, so her cheating ass is history. But I still have the ability to pass it on even though that person cannot pass it on to others, correct?"

"Yes, you understand it completely. Before we send you back Five would like to have a moment with you. I am glad we got to visit once again." 

With that he turned and the wall opened for him to exit only to have the diminutive Five step in followed by a much larger gray being. Five stepped up to me where I stood strapped to the wall as usual. I was surprised when she leaned up to my face and kissed me softly with her tiny lips. My mind instantly remembered the incredible blowjob and fuck session we had when I was on their ship the first time. I would definitely enjoy another go like that. 

"It is so good to see you again, Stacy!" she said pulling me out of memory land. "You are the first of our guests that I have had the chance to see again! I would prefer we had much more alone time," I swear she looked as if she blushed then, "but this is to be a rather brief visit by you. Three agreed to give me this chance to speak with you."

I started to speak but she shushed me as the other alien anxiously shuffled behind her. Five looked back to – it – who knows, they are impossible to tell male from female. She looked up into his eyes and smiled slightly while I realized this one was by far the largest of their kind that I had seen. 

She took his three fingered hand in hers and turned back to me. "Stacy, I would like you to meet 'Fifteen'. He is ... our ... son. Your son!"

"Wha ... what?!?!"

"Fifteen is the results of our mating just before you left us the first time."

"But, how? That was hardly that long ago, and yet he looks full grown to me!" It had only been about four months since that fateful day that changed my life forever.

"Your time measurements mean nothing to us," she said as she ushered the taller creature forward. "Remember your last time here seemed to be several days but you returned to the exact second that you left Earth, right?"

"Yes," I said softly. Then I looked at her and said, "So when we held hands and looked into each other's eyes ..."

"Yes Stacy, I told you how it was so nice. Fifteen is the result."

"But you were already pregnant from Three." 

"Yes, and that son is also quite well. But he is of no consequence to you. I wanted the two of you to meet, it is important for Fifteen to know you."

"Hello father," the tall one said as he stepped to me and hugged me, the straps instantly disappearing from my arms and legs. I hugged him back. After releasing each other I looked him over much closer. His skin wasn't quite the same color as Five's having just the hint of my skin tone in him. His head was slightly smaller than hers and there was just a bit of hair right on the top of his head (all the others were hairless). As already mentioned, he was about eight inches taller than Three but his legs were no longer while his torso was much longer. He looked more ... human.

"It is good to know you, father," he said. I looked at him questioningly as we had just met. "Oh, I am sorry; I read your mind and know all about you. It is mostly good things."

I coughed and five giggled in her strange way. "But I don't know anything about you," I said.

"Stacy, all you need to know is that fifteen exists and will become a fine young man and a leader of our kind. I am sure that the two of you will never see each other again. This is ... um ... most unusual."

Fifteen hugged me once more then stepped back saying, "Thank you father for giving me life! I shall never forget you." Then he stepped back behind Five again.

Five turned to my son and said, "Leave us now." Instantly Fifteen turned and was out the door that appeared and disappeared quickly.

I looked at her standing in front of me and wondered what was next. A smile formed on her tiny lips and she said, "Before you leave, I just have to ride your cocks again! Our method is more efficient, but yours feels SOOOOO good!"

Even as she spoke the wall behind me became the floor as gravity held me down against it. I noticed that I seemed to float down onto it instead of having a jarring landing from maybe eight inches up ... um, away. I still don't know how to refer to it when direction changes so easily up here.

I hadn't even noticed it before but now I realized that I was naked as the day I was born. Five looked down at me and sighed, "Goodness, I think we did an exceedingly excellent job on you! I hope you don't mind ..." and her tiny hand reached out and stroked my cock up to full length. She straddled my hips and then bent her skinny knees as she settled down filling her pussy (if that's what it is) with my shaft. I'm not sure which one of us moaned louder. 

Her head dropped back as she groaned, "Oh yeah, you feel just as good as I remember!" I watched in wonderment as her body slowly floated up off of me until my tip was barely inside of her, then I felt her weight increase and she eased back down again. All the while her feet were pulled up above the floor as her legs were bent sharply at the knees. My hips began moving up and down in time with her movements, our bodies gaining in the forcefulness with which they smacked together.

Her insides rippled around my shaft squeezing me not unlike a tight donut moving up and down my length. "Wow five, I forgot just how good you can make my cock feel!"

She didn't respond, instead just began floating over me, slowly turning in circles while her eyes closed and her head leaned back once again. Her trill melodious voice seemed to come from all around me as somehow her body floated rapidly up and down, each time our bodies slamming together as my hips rose faster to keep in sync with her.

And then I felt her body loosen up and she came to a stop facing away from me. A huge sigh preceded her saying, "Oh Stacy, I simply love how you make me feel!" She surprised me with her body's flexibility once more as her head pivoted 180 degrees so she looked straight down at me while her body faced away from me. "I am SO glad we had to bring you back on board our ship! Now where's your extra member?" 

Her right hand had reached down to stroke me right above my balls and I felt my second cock start to stiffen as she pivoted 180 degrees. It went full on stiff faster than it ever had before. I guess she didn't require it to start out tapered for easier anal penetration. 

On my first visit on their ship I had learned she was quite limber so I wasn't overly surprised when she leaned her body back a bit and then took my extra dick into her mouth. She worked her tongue rapidly around its head for a few seconds making me shudder in pleasure. Her tongue slowed its swirling around my cock as she leaned in and took more of my cock into her mouth. "Oh, fucking hell," I gasped as she somehow moved her body forwards letting my cock slide fully within her even as she slid her pussy up my first cock, not stopping until my shaft was barely within her. 

"Holy shit," I moaned as she seamlessly reversed directions so her pussy was swallowing my front cock once more as her throat let my extra dick slide back out. Again, she repeated these motions over me, taking each cock fully within her as she resembled a slinky held on both hands where they let it rock from one to the other yet never let it go completely. I leaned over to my right to get a profile look at her and could only gasp in shock that her body could move in such a tight rolling bend like this required.

There is no way to know how long we fucked like that; they have no clocks as 'time' means nothing to them. I did know that she was pushing both of my cocks towards colossal climaxes even as I felt her body getting more and more turned on. And then she showed me that her body was much more flexible than I thought.

Similar to how she had pivoted around my shaft when she fucked my first cock, she now started to turn again. But this time, her body had to not only turn but still maintain the tight bend while also continuing her much faster slinky motion from cock to cock! I thought I heard her melodic voice again but didn't believe it as she had my second cock fully down her throat at the time. 

Keeping her arms tight to her torso, she not only increased her slinky movement's pace but also ramped up her spinning rate. It felt as if two women were hanging over me in a swing type apparatus that had been twisted so that it now had to unwind, even as it moved up and down on me. On BOTH of my rock-hard cocks! 

I knew I was going to cum soon from both shafts at once ... and I was going to cum HARD! I closed my eyes to keep from getting dizzy watching her only to snap my eyes open when she squeezed her pussy and throat tight around both of my shafts.

"FUCK!" I cried out as her movements and pressure increased a bit more, making my balls seemingly explode into her body violently. Never had I came so hard as just then! Five slowed her movements but continued working my cocks as she pulled every drop of cum that my balls had to offer, and they have a lot since these beings made their changes the first time I was there.

My throat seemed filled with cotton balls coated with alum ... drier than the Sahara in a drought! Five's body slowed to a stop while her tongue slithered around my second cock that still filled her mouth. "Holy fuck!" I managed to croak out as I felt her tongue now slide over my cock in her pussy and then pull back off both of my cocks as her face finally pulled off of me. 

It wasn't until then that I realized she was looking straight down at me with bliss covering her face. Softly she said, "Oh Stacey, I love how we changed you! I simply love your kind's method of mating!"

She floated up and off of me, both of my worn-out dicks dobbing with my rapid heart rate. I waited for my load to leak out of her before she reminded me, "Did you forget, Stacey? I swallowed your loads ... both of them."

"But ..."

"You must not look on me from your human viewpoint. My body is capable of many things that are simply impossible for yours to attempt. Besides, we made your cum so delicious that I can't get over how good it tastes."

Shaking my head in amazement I mumbled, "I'll never be able to understand how you could do that."

"But you enjoyed it ... right?"

"Oh Five, you have no idea! If I live to be a thousand, I know that will forever be my best fuck ever!"

She giggled (sort of) and said, "Mine too!"

By now we were both standing and I reached out to take her hand. "Hey, what's this?" I asked.

"Oh," (she giggled again) "Three insisted that I wear gloves while with you. One son from you was more than enough!"

"So, your condoms have three little tips, huh?! That's just too much!"

"Don't complain, it was this or I could not meet with you at all."

My mind was still trying to get a handle on this when Five softly spoke. "I shall miss you, Stacy. Perhaps once I am no longer being punished for mating with you, I will be able to peek in on you and see how your life is going. I must go now. As the great man Mister Spock said, 'Live well and prosper,' Stacy."

She quickly turned and walked through the instantly opening wall. Three immediately stepped back into the room.

"I trust you have been enjoying the changes we made to you, Stacy."

"Oh yeah! Once girls get over the two cocks thing, they really get off on it! Personally, I love being able to take care of three ladies at the same time!"

"Well, good, I'm glad it has worked out for you. Now you must sleep ..."

'Fuck, how do they do that?!' I thought as I saw my mom sitting across the table from me. I just barely caught my coffee cup that was dangerously close to spilling where I held it near my mouth. 

"Are you okay honey?" my mom asked me. "You looked lost in space for half a second there."

I laughed at the reality of that remark then sipped my coffee before speaking. "I'm fine mom, I was just thinking about going over to see Patty."

"She's nice, I like her."

"Yes she is." I drained my coffee cup down my throat and left the house, bidding my mom goodbye.

**********

Patty was happy to see me, as usual. The unusual part was that she didn't take me straight up to her bedroom for a two-hour fuck fest. "I'm so glad you are here Stacy," she said the moment she opened the door. "I need you to do a REALLY big favor for me today."

That worried me a bit since the last 'big favor' was when she wanted me to fuck her mother to cure her of all sorts of physical maladies. "What do you need me to do?" is what I instantly said.

"God, I love you!" she said just before locking lips for a powerful kiss. Many moments later she pulled back from me and said, "Let's go."

So, we did just that. I drove following her instructions. We ended up at a 'managed care facility', a glorified old folk's home that costs way too much. "What gives?" I asked.

"You'll see," she said as she took my hand and headed toward the door. Soon we were in her grandmother's room. She was an attractive woman of about 70 years old. She didn't know that we were there and then didn't know who Patty was. Gloria was already there and she too seemed unknown to her own mother. The woman got up to walk and let out four loud farts, one to go with each step she took. On the fifth step she pooped her pants so Gloria called the staff to clean her up. This was not going to be a fun visit it seemed to me.

"Okay, what do you need my help with?" I asked.

Gloria quickly spoke saying, "I ... we need you to do for her what you did for me."

"Oh shit! I know this is important ..." I paused trying to figure out how to get out of this, "but, Patty, like I told you before, I won't do it unless she is willing, and she can't really be willing to do anything. I mean, really."

"I told you he has scruples," Patty said to her mom. "Okay, here's the deal, Grams has a group of old ladies that gather here in her room every day just after lunch. Mom and I thought we would serve them dessert here ... Tapioca pudding with some of your special sauce mixed in. That way you don't have to do something you don't want to do, and Grams and her lady friends get healthy again!"

Well, I could see there was a hell of an upside to this and for the life of me I couldn't see anything on the downside. Plus, the way they had things planned I wouldn't have to rape an old woman who was oblivious to her surroundings.
