 Where do I begin. I was flying my ship across the Lus'kuvian Star System, within the neutral zone of the galaxy, heading straight for the Adventure Association's outpost in the next system over. It had been a couple of hours since I had left Alfar but when you have stayed inside such a tight space for a long time, you would start to feel claustrophobic. I turned to the side and gazed at the calliope of stars that were before me. It was beautiful with the sight being breathtaking. I could almost reach out and touch them. unfortunately, I had a mission to do and cannot let anything hinder my progress. I tapped my fingers against the console on my armrest, readjusting the settings of my ship to ease turbulence from the space debris while decreasing the speed of the vacuum thrusters. The ship's small triangular wings spread wide into four as a result while I set it to autopilot. With that out of the way, I could just sit back and relax before I reach my destination.

That was when everything fell out of my favor. Out on my left side, a blue sun glowed bright as a wind of ultraviolet rays struck my ship. Luckily, the ship's visor was strong enough to shield me from the blast. Unfortunately, I could not say the same for my ship. "By the goddess Alfar, what the hell is happening?!" Lights flickered. The consoles flashed on and off as I lost power. Even the thrusters became erratic, losing their equilibrium with the ship spinning out of control. Although it wasn't enough to cause my fuel reactor to erupt, it was enough to potentially trap me in space. Donning on my helmet, I took evasive action. With my scanners still active, I found the one planet close to my vicinity with any life. It was Y'Drall. 

So, I took my chances and braced for impact as I dived straight down through the stratosphere. The flames of the trajectory engulfed the ship. The wings were the first to go as they flew off the sides. Then, in a flash, the ship was on the ground, having treaded across the soil and leaving a large skid mark behind. Apparently, the trees helped break my fall but left a lot of branches to burn. I unbuckled my seatbelt, opened the hatch, and got out of the cockpit. I knew that if I stayed too long, the ship might explode as the fuel tank was already exposed. Fortunate for me, the ship's trunk was still intact, meaning my chances of survival have boosted by probably 20%. My crossbow was still intact. Attaching it to my wrist, I was ready to explore this planet and find my way off of it. I just pray to the mighty goddess that there is such hope and not complete wishful thinking.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I had been walking for hours. Days are usually longer on Alfar than this planet. So, by Alfarian time, it should be around 5:00 at midnight. It was getting really hot even with such a cool night. My breathing starting to fog up my helmet. The air filter was damaged from the impact, meaning I was unable to recycle the carbon dioxide in my suit. At that moment, I was only on oxygen reserves and they were quickly running out. I wasn't sure if the planet's atmosphere was safe to breathe in and I didn't want to take off my helmet out of fear of my lungs rupturing and my head exploding. Luckily, there was still 60% left, meaning I had enough for a few days to find my way off this goddess-forsaken planet.

I was growing tired. I needed to rest and conserve my air reserves. I leaned against and closed my eyes. however, I tried my best to stay alert, keeping my guard up for in case the local fauna attempted to attack and take advantage of my defenselessness. When the sun rose, I instinctively rose with it. it was approximately 13:00 in the morning and I wasted no time to get up and proceeded onward. However, I couldn't shake the feeling I was being watched.

~~~~~~~~~~

The blue sun hovered over the surface and it was becoming hotter than the night. My oxygen tanks were down by thirty percent. I was even starting to get hungry and thirsty, but I pushed forward. I was trained to endure such setbacks and all it took was some mind over matter. Then I found myself over a large quarry. It was a long way down and needed to walk all the way to the other side to climb down. suddenly, a loud crunching noise startled me as I twirled around to see.

"Now what?" I grimaced.

Out from the forest was a large monster with giant claws and several stingers from its thorax. It hissed and charged straight at me, seeing me as its meal from the morning. I blocked its attack, sending me flying off the cliff and straight down onto the solid ground. thank the goddess my suit was design to withstand such an impact for once I landed onto the ground, I quickly got up and stood ready for battle. The monster also jumped and landed perfectly in front of me. The crossbow activated. It would take about twenty minutes for the round of arrows to finish charging, which meant I had to keep the creature occupied long enough to bring it down where it stood. Every time I moved, the creature mimicked my footsteps, trying to corner me to get the upper hand. The stingers flew, whipping in my direction as I leaped and dodged each and every one of them.

My gauntlet beeped. I was ready to go. Aiming my arm at the beast, I fired a couple of rounds. They managed to pierce through the exoskeleton, albeit slightly as blue began to seep out of the creature's back. I had to get closer. That way, I would have a better advantage. That opportunity came when the creature charged again. As it got closer, I leaped up and landed on its back. Unfortunately, I was close to the stingers, which instinctively flew right at me. I ducked and fired right in its back, leaving a large crack behind as I hopped away before the creature could strike me with its venom. Sadly, right when I got off, the creature swung its claws and struck me in the abdomen, sending me flying about five feet as I slid across the ground. I winced as I clenched my stomach. Pain rupturing throughout my body but it subsided after a few minutes. Unfortunately, in such a state, I was rendered vulnerable and I feared for the worst. Then a scream appeared from afar. I looked and saw where it was coming from and standing right in front of me, I couldn't believe my eyes. A human?! What a human doing on this planet?!

He was a young man and was, I assumed, an inch taller than me with short black hair and pale skin. His attire befuddled me, having a tattered and worn out appearance that clashed his youthful exterior. However, what really surprised me was that he wasn't wearing a helmet or any type of breathing apparatus, which meant that the atmosphere was breathable. However, I didn't stand up and take my helmet off at that very moment. Instead, I laid low and watch how this would all play out, whether the human would win or the monster. Strangely, I was impressed by the human's vitality and with just a sword in his hand, he proved to be a formidable foe for the creature. Watching him sliced the stingers, my eyes widened when the venom hit the ground, seeing steam rise out as it slowly dissolved the soil. I was actually relieved that none of that I was quick enough to not let that venom enter my system or I would have dissipated into a puddle of plasm.

The battle came to an end. Honestly, I did not expect the human to come up on top. Mostly, because I have always heard that humans were weak and were too depended on their devices to be capable of surviving such a feat. However, after seeing him kill that beast with a sword, my opinion on humans has changed a little. Still, I needed to be on guard for if the rumors were true, then you never know how dangerous human could be if I let my guard down. This human might prove useful for me as my chances of survival raising about 60%. Just then, the human proceeded over to me and stretched his hand out.

"Hey. It's okay. You're safe. The monster's already dead," he confirmed. His voice sounding gentle and friendly.

At that moment, I sprung up and pointed my crossbow at his face. Narrowing my brow, I snarled. "Don't make any sudden movements. Hands above your head and I will make sure this arrow doesn't go through your head."

The fear in his eyes grew. Reaching over to my helmet, I deactivated the magnetic locks that kept it bound to the collar of my suit as steam shot out and gingerly removed it off my head. the way his brows rose in surprised told me he had never saw an Alfarian like me, which I can relate because this was my first time seeing a human. I asked him who he was, and he told me his name was Sparrow. From that day onward, we would be journeying together until we reached our destination. However, I will have to skip this part and moved on to tomorrow where our journey continued.

~~~~~~~~~~~

The day came by in a flash. I didn't get much sleep last night because of my...late night escapades, but I got enough to continue my travels. I was sitting on top of a boulder while taking in the fresh air and for the first time in two days, I was out of that goddess-forsaken bodysuit, which felt liberating as it was starting to cling to my skin. Even my breasts were beginning to suffocate against the material. I trailed a hand through my hair as I combed it back. Another thing about being out of that suit was that my ears were no longer crushed by my helmet. Despite being constructed for an Alfarian's head, it walls around still applied some pressure.

Checking my crossbow, I preoccupied myself with tuning the photonic semiconductor. Since my battle with the monster at the quarry, I needed to make adjustments to my weapon and amplify the power of the arrows impact in case Sparrow and I run into another one of those things. Getting off the rock, I sauntered about twelve feet from the camp and twirled around. Then I aimed my bow and fired. The arrow flew far and struck the boulder's surface. Debris flew across the campsite while smoke filled the air. It worked perfectly. I smiled, feeling proud at myself. My smile faded

"Well, that takes care of that." 

With that out of the way, I proceeded to the forest. Sparrow went out gathering supplies before we leave. However, I didn't want to wait for him to return and wanted to move posthaste. Plus, the idea of a human, especially a male one, ordering me to "sit tight" irked me. I traveled deep in the forest about twenty feet away from the campsite. My eyes observing my surroundings. Without the visors blocking my vision, I could truly appreciate the beauty of nature before me. Nevertheless, I pushed that aside and needed to find Sparrow, so that we can get a move on. Suddenly, the sound of running water echoed in my direction as I got closer to the end and that's when my breath was taken away. at the end of the woods, there was a raving waterfall, flowing down at such intense speed while the birds flew away from the sound. I even saw the fish swim upward as they wiggled their serpentine bodies. Leaning against a tree, I found Sparrow's backpack and four small animals lying around it. They were mammalian with creamy white pelts and four eyes. They were all dead. An open wound on their abdomen made by a knife was visible. It appeared Sparrow had done his job, albeit in a morbid sort of way. At the corner of my eye, I say what looked to be Sparrow's clothing neatly laying on the ground, but there was no Sparrow in sight.

Just then, I spotted something under the waterfall. Sparrow was naked and was being dowsed in its water, and from the way the fish weren't attacking him meant they were completely harmless. That was when I got really miffed. I stomped up to him, wanting to reprimand him for wasting such precious time while my nostrils flared. Right when I reached to the side of the waterfall, I saw something that caught my eye. My face flushed as I saw how well-endowed the human was below his waist. The size of it was impressive and almost made my mouth water.

"Just what in the void am I thinking?!" I muttered. My face grimaced as I shook my head.

I got closer and hid behind a bush without alerting Sparrow of my presence. My eyes could not move away. He was just my type, having a slender build with such a firm butt. Despite his childish face and having an average build, he was quite strong and quite limber. Ever since my pleasurable alone time last night, my estrous cycle has been acting up and seeing such a member has got me even more riled up. licking my lips, a wicked grin grew on my face as a devious thought sprung in my head. I carefully got out of the bushes and slyly crept towards the human boy while his guard was down. with each step I took, I removed the clothes on my body and through them on the stone floor. All of a sudden, Sparrow turned and was taken aback when he saw me.

"Xera! W-what are you doing here?!" he stammered. He tried his best to cover himself with his hands, but it was completely fruitless. His cheeks turned red at the sight of my body and his manhood immediately grew.

Walking up to him, I placed a finger against his lips to silence him. "Don't be so alarmed, Sparrow. I found you out here and thought I might join you." My tone was so seductive. I crouched down. My face close to his cock. 

Smiling, I cooed. "Let me help you get all nice and clean." 

Wrapping my fingers around the shaft, my mouth took the whole thing. I felt him growing bigger and harder around my tongue as I gingerly bobbed my head in and out. The taste of his precum was salty but was also savory. My hands moved my themselves with one groping my bosom and the other down into my lower lips. My fingers penetrating my walls as they became seeping wet. Sparrow moaned as his cock twitched within my mouth. 

He was about to cum any second. Fortunately, I pulled out before he could, got up onto my feet, and embraced the human with my lips trailing against. I opened my legs and slid his rod into my folds, letting out a moan as he grazed against my walls. He grabbed my left leg to give me leverage as I rode him over and over. His hips thrust against me with his face planted on my breasts. The way he suckled my nipples excited me even more. My breathing getting heavier with his erection growing harder and larger and with each momentum, I felt myself about to climax. He was the same as well as his member throbbed insanely. I pulled way and got down on my knees, wrapping my breasts around his dick and stroked it exuberantly until it erupted all over my face. I licked some of it off my face and it was really decadent. That was the best sex I had in my life. I guess fighting wasn't the only thing he was good at. I might keep this human with me for a little longer just for the hell of it.

After our little enjoyment ended, Sparrow and I washed up and got dressed. As we headed back to the campsite, Sparrow caught up to me and stared at me with a nervous smile. Rubbing the back of his neck, "I was just wondering. The sex we just had. What does this say about our relationship?"

"Relationship? Sparrow, I have only known you for a day and our relationship is just an acquaintanceship hitherto we reached the spaceport. Our coitus was nothing significant," I stated coldly. A stoic demeanor was plastered on my face.

I proceeded to walk forward. However, I turned my head back to catch a glimpse of the human. Sparrow's head lowered as his smile faded. I even saw tears trickling down his cheeks. I was aware that I was a bit harsh on him but what I said wasn't false, even though the sight of him caused a feeling of melancholy to enter my heart. Nevertheless, I buried such a trivial weight down and kept on moving.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Clouds loomed over the afternoon sky as Sparrow and I found our way out of the forest and into a grassy terrain. The cool wind blew passed us, forcing me to redon my suit as it was better than continue parading in my undergarments. We have walked for about an hour and I wanted to stop to catch my breath. Sparrow, on the other hand, climbed over a tall hill until he was out of my view.

"Hey, Xera! You got to come over here!" hyping back up, I followed Sparrow over and my eyes widened from what was before us.

In front of us was a tall construct that stretched for two miles and standing probably about 3 stories, made of clean steel with a roof that spiraled upward and was surrounded by a myriad of ships on a metallic platform.

My expression fell blank at such a monolith. I turned to look at Sparrow. His smile grew wide, cheering wildly as he shot his hand up to the sky. I was a bit confused by such a gesture. Then he announced in a bellowing yell, "We finally made it! We can finally get off this planet and head straight to the Adventurer Association!" from hearing that, I was also about to cheer but I retained my composure and merely smile while letting out a sigh of relief. My predicament was coming to an end and soon my mission will advance once Sparrow and I leave this goddess-forsaken star system.