 Few men in the world could make their own way these days. But those that could were afforded a unique luxury of freedom. Living in the protected wild lands of the former state of Colorado, Stan led a simple life, if a rough one. Today, he was fishing, hoping to catch some trout in a small lake. Leaning back in his boat with a six pack and an old portable cassette player, he serenely took in the morning beauty. The air was clear, with only a few clouds in the sky, and a light breeze to cool down the warmth of the sun. Peaceful.

And then, Stan felt his cock go hard. He jumped. He hadn't been thinking about sex. He hadn't been about to fall asleep, which sometimes signaled his cock to have a nice stretch out for a bit. Just, suddenly, he went from complete shrivel to full mast, and with alarming speed. His cock got stuck pointing down, and strained uncomfortably inside his jeans. He had to open his fly and pull it free to let it swell fully. He now had to try and close his pants around his erection, a dubious mission when his cock insisted on getting even harder! He wasn't just hard, he was at maximum tension! His whole cock darkened a bit from the excess rush of blood and the veins bulged along its length.

He wasn't the least bit aroused and he didn't have uncontrollable erections on his own. That meant this had to be the work of Sex Magic. Stan grit his teeth. Damn it! This is exactly why he lived in a cabin in the woods in the first place! To get away from this sort of thing! He quickly scanned the area, looking towards the shore to see if he could spot any mischievous girls, perhaps some female campers who had spotted him and decided to pull a prank. But he couldn't see anyone. So where was thi—

And suddenly, there was a tremendous booming splash not twenty feet from his boat as something dropped from the sky at terminal velocity. Stan jerked back with a shout, clutching at the edges of the boat as a wave swept over him and threatened to capsize him. However, he and the boat managed to stay upright, if soaked, and once the water calmed some, he looked over the side to see what could possibly have hit he water like that. He blinked in surprise when he saw a young woman with long black hair, dressed in some kind of stylized Gothic Lolita dress, floating face down in the water. Seeing her, Stan winced as his cock began to throb intensely.

Who the hell was this now? Stan reached for his oar, but discovered it had been knock off the boat by the wave, and was floating off farther away. Stan debated jumping in the water, but the way his cock was throbbing, he had a feeling his legs weren't going to obey him properly, making swimming a risky choice.

So, he leaned down and used his arms to paddle over to her. The boat was small, barely enough to seat two people, and so this method was easy enough. As he got closer to her, though, his cock went from throbbing to full jolts of pleasure traveling down his length. He huffed not just from the effort of paddling, but from the intensity of the sensations. Looking at her just made it worse. He grit his teeth as he neared her. His arms were shaking as the pleasure jolts made him want to just seize up and ride the sensations.

Panting now, Stan's vision swam as his cock flexed mightily in his pants. Jesus, this girl had to be radiating lust energy like a blast furnace. She looked barely 19, but she had to be an awakened Sex Mage of considerably power to affect him like this even when unconscious. That meant she wasn't dead, then, right? Stan really didn't know how the Sex Magic was supposed to work.

Still, wanting to help this girl and being able were two different things. He was now close enough to grab her, but he was gasping now, his body jerking. He fell back, stretching out on the boat and shook as his pants were suddenly filled with a hot wetness. He had just orgasmed from being near her! He made another attempt to reach the girl, but could barely stay up as another wave of pleasure washed over him and his vision swam. He fell back, gasping, and his cock lurched in his pants, shooting another huge load. Were it not for the relentless pleasure, his cock would be aching terribly from being so hard and cumming so fast. But before he could even get his bearings, his cock flexed once more in a third orgasm, this one even more powerful than the last!

He was moaning now, crying out for mercy as the unconscious girl's aura of Sex Magic completely and utterly overwhelmed him. No normal Sex Mage could have done this, not even those women who naturally radiated a bit of their power. Stan didn't know much about the Magic, but he knew this girl was far beyond any woman he'd met before.

He made one more valiant effort to sit up and reach for her, thinking that his orgasms would slacken the sexual tension she was emitting. But it was no good. He managed to brush her arm with his fingers and that made him cum so hard, he blacked out instantly.

***

Stan moaned as he came to sometime later. His eyes fluttered open and his vision focused. He recognized the ceiling to his cabin. He sat up, expecting to be sore all over, but surprisingly, he felt very refreshed. He stretched nonetheless as he stood, then dressed in some loose fitting clothes. His cock was still hard as a steel rod, though it didn't feel sore. He then walked from his bedroom to the main room, which served as a living room, dining room, and half-kitchen. He jumped when he saw a girl sitting on his couch, reading one of his books. It took him a moment, but then he recognized her as the girl who had crashed into the lake; she was still wearing her gothic dress, but it was dried out and looked fresh out of the dry cleaners. Her hair was likewise done up in twin ponytails. The effect made her look young, almost school girlish. But she had the curves of a fully developed woman and there was a certain air about her the denoted an older, more sophisticated demeanor.

Stan swallowed. She was no longer radiating sexually stimulating energies, but his cock refused to go soft in her presence. It wasn't a matter of him being attracted to her, and he didn't get the sense she was deliberately making it happen. His cock seemed to be standing at attention from some kind of instinctive reflex. Crazily, he had the sense that it was almost saluting her.

He stood there a few moments, staring at her, unsure of what to say. He rarely, if ever, talked to women since moving full time into the woods, and he'd never had a woman here before. It seemed invasive, almost, though he understood this was not a usual circumstance. He wasn't sure how one would react to him in this situation. He figured it best to let her talk first.

After a few seconds, the girl looked up at him. "You could start by saying hello," she said.

"Um... hello... miss..." Stan blushed. The girl's gaze made him feel like a little boy being corrected by his teacher, even though by appearances, he was old enough to be her father. Although, in a Sex Mage World, appearances could certainly be deceiving.

"You don't recognize me, do you?" she said. "I notice your TV is too old a model to get proper signals and you don't have an internet connection out here."

"I'm sorry," he said. "I don't mean to be rude, but... I'm not used to uninvited guests and..." He shook his head. "Wait, why am I apologizing? Who are you? And why and how did you fall out of the sky like that? And will you please stop forcing me to be hard?"

The girl blinked at him. "Huh, I'd almost forgotten what it was like to meet a man who was so forward and blunt." She looked him over. "So, you do live her full time. Astounding. I knew we had a small collection of Free Men living in the country, but I'd never met one before. Do you enjoy it? I felt the move to allow Free Zones was more of a publicity stunt for my Cabinet to make themselves look good. But it's nice to see it's actually worked out for a few people."

Stan gave her a curious look. "I beg your pardon?"

"Oh, right, you don't know who I am." She tapped her chin. "Hmmm. If I were a cruel mistress, I suppose I would punish you for such ignorance and disrespect. But honest truth? It's nice to take a break from the role now and again, you know what I'm saying?"

"No, I really don't," said Stan. "Um, look, if you don't want to talk about what happened, I understand, but, uh, I'm not really prepared for guests at the moment, so..."

"I understand," she said. "Having a woman barge in like this must be quite an intrusion. I apologize. But I think I would like to take a bit of time to rest. If you don't mind? It's so rare I get genuine privacy."

"Um..." Stan wanted to say no, but the look her eye, somehow soft yet intense, made him hesitate. "Um... how long... exactly?"

"Just another hour," she said. "I promise. I really need to be heading back now, but I'm still kind of recovering. Plus, I wanted to make sure you were okay. It was very nice of you to try and help me, even while my power was spilling out."

"Yeah, about that." He motioned downward. "Could you turn off your signal? No disrespect, but I don't like women messing with me like that. It makes me uncomfortable."

She glanced at his cock, and he felt it twitch as if by reflex, as if the mere act of turning her attention to it caused it to react. She glanced back up at him. "Sorry. I've got my power clamped down as far as it will go; I'm not broadcasting any signals. Cocks and clits just get hard around me, no matter what. If it bothers you that much, I suppose I could force it down with a spell."

"No, no, that's okay. I guess I'll manage." He sat down in the chair next to the couch. He paused. "Wait, you said clits? As in, women react to you as well?"

"Yes," she said. "It seems to be a natural reaction to my presence."

"I thought women couldn't effect each other?"

"If a woman's power is great enough, she can. And if enough women as a group start radiating their lust energy all willy nilly in a concentrated area, other women can be effected, same as men. Just not nearly as much, and they can block it out if they concentrate. Not with me, though. When I'm around, every set of genitals in at least a quarter mile radius goes rock hard."

Stan's eyes widened. "You must be insanely powerful, then. You're a... what's the word... um... M-something? Meg... megusta... wait, no... Megami?"

"Yep! I'm a Megami. It's Japanese for Goddess. I dunno why the Japanese term caught on instead of the English one, but I kind of like it anyway. Sounds less pretentious, at least to me."

Stan shifted a bit uncomfortably in his seat. "I see."

"Look, you don't have to worry. I'm very, very powerful, yes, but unless I get conked unconscious again, I can keep my powers under strict control. You won't have a multiple orgasm attack like you did at the lake." She paused. "I apologize for that, by the way."

"It's fine," said Stan, still looking a little warily at her. "If you couldn't help it, then you couldn't help it." He glanced around. "Well. I didn't end up catching anything, so I'll have to break out the canned meat. Do you want anything?"

"Normally, I would indulge in the act of eating, but I don't require it, really," she said. "So, I won't use up your supplies." She paused again, and grinned. "Wow, being able to turn down a polite gesture, without worrying about accidentally offending someone. Man, I think I'll just vacation in the Free Zone next chance I get."

Stan mulled this over as he prepared his tuna salad sandwich. She seemed honestly harmless enough, despite her power. At the very least, she didn't seem like she was being manipulative or working some kind of agenda. Living alone had dulled his ability to read people somewhat, but even a weak Sex Mage had no reason to play coy; if she wanted to fuck with him, there was little he could do to stop her. Hence, there was no reason for this girl to keep up some kind of act. He decided to keep the conversation going.

"You sound like you live a pretty interesting life. What do you do?"

"Let's just say I'm in politics and business."

"Ah," he said. "I would say you don't look it, but I suppose as a Megami you're not as... um..."

"Young as I look? You can say it."

Stan grinned cautiously. "Last time I implied something unflattering about a woman, I wasn't able to cum for half a year. So, no disrespect meant."

"Seriously?" The girl sighed. "Man. Sounds rough. But yes, I'm actually around 40 years old. I just prefer the younger body, so I've kept myself young through the magic." She looked around the cabin. It was a cozy space. "Huh. I used to come to a place like this as a kid. Before the Sex Magic. My grandfather owned a cabin in the Smoky Mountains."

Stan sat back down once his sandwich was completed, and had adjust himself a bit as his hard cock and tight balls were further constrained in his pants.

"Feel free to slip out of those pants," she said. It was so matter-of-factly stated, it took Stan off guard. He was used to such words being heavily laced with sexual intent. He looked at her, then down at himself, then back at her. She just shrugged, as if to say it was up to him.

Well. It was not like he could hide his body from her anyway. So with a slight sigh, he stood and dropped his trousers to the floor. His cock stuck out in proud salute, poking through the opening in his boxers. Stan blushed a bit, but knew trying to hide his disobedient cock was pointless.

The two sat in silence for a few minutes while Stan ate. The girl leaned her head back and closed her eyes, breathing evenly. Finally, just as Stan was finishing, the girl said, "Do you like your country?"

Stan glanced warily at her. "Uh..."

"It's not a trick question. Do you like your country?"

"Well. I stick to the Free Zones. I don't know much else about it. But I'm grateful we have them. So, whoever you know in the politics world who had a hand in making them, you can tell them I said thank you."

"Will do." She opened her eyes and looked at him. "You had it rough out there, didn't you?"

Stan frowned deeply. "Yeah. I'm, uh... Well, I'm not, uh..."

"You're a homosexual."

Stan winced. "Yes." He was not ashamed of this fact. But being a homosexual man was a rather troubling thing in the Sex Mage World. Gay men were just as vulnerable to women's Sex Magic as any other man. But they were not aroused by the idea of women playing around with them, and women were frustrated when gay men didn't fall for their wiles. A gay man wasn't as fun to try and wind up, and was not an ideal source of energy for most women. And a man who couldn't be useful to women in a Sex Mage World didn't engender much sympathy from either gender, not in today's gender dynamics.

It was different for lesbians. Inherently immune to one another's powers, women could choose to allow themselves to be effected by one another. And a lesbian could easily handle any man who wanted to push himself on her, especially since many men were inexplicably aroused by the idea lesbianism.

Gay men, however, had gotten the shaft out of this whole Sex Magic deal. They didn't get powers and they had no resistance. If a gay couple were lucky, a woman would take them both under her protection, and they could be happy together, though even if they lived in service to their mistress.

In most cases though, the women's preferences and desires came first, and if that meant a gay couple had to split up, so be it. And if that meant a woman wanted a gay man, and she was willing to twist his sexual preferences to force him straight, well, there was little to be done about that. Even the law didn't have much to say in the matter.

Hence why Stan had moved out into the woods, where the Free Zone was. You lost a lot of modern conveniences out here, but at the same time, you were protected, by law, from any wicked Sex Mages just forcing you into their servitude. You were free to be yourself.

"I am sorry that has caused you to suffer," the girl said.

Stan shrugged. "It is what it is."

"Well, for what it's worth, I promise I won't mess with you, or try to push you into a compromising situation. But you will have to deal with the erection."

"Alright," he said. His cock twitched when she referred as if jumping in excitement at even the briefest acknowledgement from her. Despite being gay, his cock was hard for her, as if respectfully standing at attention or in reverence of her power.

Stan cleared his throat. "So, that all said, what happened to you? How'd you end up taking a nosedive into the lake?"

She glanced to the side and a hint of a blush appeared on her cheeks. She actually looked embarrassed. "I was flying around the cloud levels and a smacked headfirst into a jet."

Stan blinked and gawked at her. "You what?"

"I was out flying. I was in the clouds, and didn't see the jet coming. There was so much wind, and I was upwind of the jet, so I couldn't hear it effectively."

"Couldn't you have sensed the people onboard?"

The girl paused. Then smiled slightly. "I can sense every set of genitals for a hundred miles around. It all blurs together into a general background hum, which I mostly tune out. I presume the pilot was a woman, since their signals aren't naturally as loud as men's. Anyway. By the time I realized there was someone up in the clouds with me, the nose of the jet beaned me right between the eyes."

Stan gawked at her. "Jesus. How did you even survive? I mean, Sex Magic and all, but seriously, I wouldn't think even a Megami could survive that."

"Well. I'm beyond even a normal Megami," she said. She smirked. "I guess you don't get much news out here, huh? Still haven't figured me out?"

Stan scratched his head. "Well... you're just some woman to me... sorry, I don't recognize you. If you're a pretty public figure, well, I guess I don't follow politics much."

The girl laughed, a delightful little chuckle. "Well, good. I can really just let my hair down then." She stretched in her seat and reclined a bit more, resting her head and closing her eyes. They were silent a minute more, Stan sitting awkwardly as he just didn't know what to do with such an unexpected guess. But before he could get up to go do something else, she spoke again.

"Stan. Would you like me to convert you into a heterosexual? Or perhaps a bisexual?"

Stan blinked in surprise, then scowled. "No," he said bitterly. "Absolutely not."

"No offense was intended. I just thought I'd make the offer, if you thought it might make things easier for you."

Stan took a breath to compose himself before speaking. "You're not the first to offer. But the last time I was asked... Well. I live in the Free Zone for a reason."

"I understand," she said, her voice calm and assuring.

Stan sighed. "Even if I wanted you to, I'd still live in the Free Zone."

"Of course." After a minute, she stood up, stretched again, and rubbed her head. There was no sign of any injury to her, but she winced slightly when she touched between the eyes. "Well, I think I'm recovered enough."

Stan frowned. "You can stay a bit longer," he said. "Even stay the night if you really need it." Inwardly, he scolded himself. He really wasn't set up to have guests overnight. Especially not strange, incredibly powerful women.

The girl gave him a smile. "I'm okay," she said. "Good luck out here." She went over to the door and opened it, her feet already lifting off the ground as she used her magic to float.

"You too. Out there I mean. Look both ways and all that." Stan paused. "Hey, I didn't get your name." He realized he'd never given her his, but naturally, she could have easily just read his mind to see it.

The girl turned back and her smile was sly. "I didn't tell it. But I'll give you a hint. If we ever meet again in a public place, I would advise you to address me as, 'Your Majesty.'" Without waiting to see his reaction, she floated out the door and then shot off into the sky.
