 Her name was Sharol. She is my master. It wasn't always that way. Let me take you back to the night she stole my heart.

She was a princess in line to become queen of the kingdom. But she wasn't dressed like that at the moment. She had a too short for decency green skirt and a slightly revealing blouse of her generous holy cleavage. The blouse was rudely torn so that a certain man might feast his eyes better on those soft globes but still it did not reveal everything. 

Behind the strange man burned the unholy relic which was nothing but a bronze emblem of a star within a circle. It burned though with an unholy light. A dark light of evil green. Its glow was that of death and decay, sorrow, and regret, hate and all other evils but it also glowed with a glow of power. Her eye darted a covetous look towards the prize and purpose for her being here. 

The man looked garish in the candlelight and he was but a brute dressed in rags. The unholy light and the man seemed to be akin and complemented each other in radiant evilness. She looked at him with disgust even though she might desire his brother in darkness; the relic.

Sharol could not believe what this foul man expected her to do and it was even harder to believe that she was going to do it. She looked at his crotch which was crudely hard and waiting for her, though he was still clothed in pants. He said softly and full of dirtiness "Open your mouth." Her dainty pink lips that did not belong in such a dingy shadowy atmosphere, slowly parted. Her lip quivered from nervous apprehension. She didn't want to do this. Not at all. Even so for some reason she felt an unbidden dampness between her legs. It surprised her and she felt strange that she was actually getting horny at this lowly, rag dressed man.

It was silent and he stared at her for what seemed to be an eternity. He was handsome she noticed but an altogether mean, disgustingly so man. 

Then she heard a long drawn out zipping sound. It seemed ominous and loud and she was afraid someone might hear and discover her sinfulness. 

Around this time Sharol started hearing voices she could not place with her ears where they were from, in direction or distance but she knew that they emanated from the relic. The sibilant voices whispered dark things. Deviant things. Things that no proper lady as herself should ever hear. They also whispered things of power; untold of glory riches and all the trappings. This excited her sexually and mentally. 

For a second greed was in her eyes then it was replaced by distaste as her vision focused on what was before her; A humming cock so big and crude, it hurt her eyes to look at. So feeling sick to her stomach which also churned with desire from the voices , she took her eyes off the sight and looked up to his leering grin and pierceing stare. She got a catch in her throat her world was spinning. If his lewd evil cock was not enough to turn her stomach in disgust the smile in his cruel face was. But she felt fascinated at the same time. His cock looked strangely wicked and promised to do strange wicked things to her.

"I bet you'd like the feel of this in back of your throat." He said. Then her voice came like a determined angel, "No. No I wouldn't." The stranger chuckled, and for the entire world that chuckle made him seem all the more a beast rather than a man. She seemed to be in another world, not quite nightmare but not a dream either; it was like a pleasant nightmare. One that would be desirable. One that you would love to go back to again and again. It all seemed terrible and unreal, yet exciting at the same time. Overall it was plain thrilling. It was the fell influence of the artifact, though she was not aware of it. The dark glow from the relic was like the smile of a demon, and somewhere in hell there was great laughter at the malign incident that was taking place due to the relic. A remnant of that demonic smile reached into the strangers own grin. Although a man cannot take form as a demon the smile was making a great effort to do just that. 

"I don't believe you," said the man in a baritone hiss "I'd bet my last dollar that you've sucked enough cock that it's a surprise your jaw hasn't fallen off. " 

She was now truly repulsed "I... I..." she tried to voice something some sort of defiance or anything at all for that matter. Anything. But she couldn't before he interrupted. 

"You can still walk away now." He said almost sympathetically. Then with a finality, "But you'll never see the star of Arizom again if you do." Her world was crushed. She didn't want to touch that man's organ, let alone stick it inside her mouth, but she knew she had no choice. She had spent too much effort and money in the long journey of attaining this relic that was supposed to have a secret of power to it. Not just the power to rule over servants. She already had that power, but this 'star' had supposed power to bring kingdoms to their knees, with ease. Now that she was next to it she could feel it and sense it to be true. 

The mood of the room suddenly seemed to grow darker and grim, in her mind at least. She felt defeated. "No. I'll do as you say." Her shoulders slumped and tears began to well in her eyes 

"Just close your eyes and suck once you feel me inside you." He said clinically. "And remember that if you fail to make me orgasm, then the prize is still denied you. So I suggest you do a good job." She closed her eyes and was about to say ok, but as soon as her mouth opened he grabbed the back of her shimmering red hair and she felt his abominable cock inside her mouth. 

She felt frustrated. She felt like crying, but overall she felt a great lust and desire. She felt rush of deviant pleasure shoot through her core like that of a blood lusting warrior, thrusting his blade through another man's heart, or the glee felt by a man having seen vengeance upon someone whom he hated. It was pleasure but it was a perverse kind of pleasure which she found made it all the more enticing. It was wrong. It was degrading. Worse than humiliating. It was something that churned her stomach but it was also pleasurable and the churning in her stomach also churned with a warm thrilling feeling of deviance.

Physically in her warm mouth ,it felt like a rigid snake was inside her. A strange Curiosity of this new evil delight got hold of her, and despite the gross humiliation she found herself moved for some surprising reason to close her sweet lips around his shaft, lift her tongue so that it pressed against it, and then slowly move her head backwards. 

The image was thus- A striking redhead with her normally pale, ivory cheeks, now flushed red with life from all her strong emotions, with a cute button nose that you would expect to normally be upturned in debutant airs. Shoulder length hair that shined like red gold, or golden fire. 

She was on her knees in a dark green velvet dress, exposing so much of her cream white legs, that because of her slightly spread apart kneeling position one could almost catch a glimpse of her now damp white silk panties, if positioned correctly. She had a pair of cute arm sleeves, so small that you wonder what point the designer had to even add them to the dress at all. Her arms were to die for, as were her legs. Even her pornstar thin eyebrows were something to bring desire to a man. A face so angelic that it would make you weep. Light red painted lips, but not quite pink, and long nails of similar color.

To think! This divine picture, so dainty and pure, was in such a garish atmosphere. She was in a dark room, in lighting and character. With the only light, a few large wick candles and the pervasive evil glow of Arizom's star.

She was with what appeared to be a garish crude beggar from the streets. A man who seemed as dark as the room. A man who had no place to even meet the princess's gaze in normal circumstances, had the most impolite part of a man's body, his cock, plunged inside her; this manifestation of light and good's mouth. 

She should not be there in that room, she should not be even next to this corrupt man, and she certainly shouldn't be doing both at the same time, while stuffing his dick in her mouth. 

Back to the story in the main- Sharol slowly moved her head backwards, to the utmost she tasted, felt, and for some reason, she had no idea why, ENJOYED his length, until her lips and tongue of her head were at his dicks head then she pulled away in amazement at the whole delightfully wicked experience. 

Her eyes were wide. Her grin broad, and her shame at that grin a heavy weight around her conscience. She had a rising tingling feeling in her chest that swam then, throughout her body. The feeling of dark thrill. Her heart beat faster. Her pussy got wetter. It was an exhilarating tingle that went throughout her body like she was alive for the first time, because of this evil deed done. 

With that came more shame, and like a vicious cycle, came more of that strange pleasure. The wetness and her desire now clouded her ,and the room took on an aura of blasphemous enjoyment, heat, and red desire. A slim string of pre cum was all now that connected her guilty smile and his prick. 

But that didn't last long as she delved back into his cock with a new found gusto, swallowing all eight and a half inches of him until his meat was past her tonsils and at the back of her throat. She had to force herself not to gag from reflex. Then she was making her cock sucking trail, back up his length when he spoke again in his barbaric tone. 

"Pretty little thing you are." She closed her eyes enjoying his evil kind of praise. While she tried to take every aspect of this perversity in, from the atmosphere outside, to the sensations within, she slid her lips back down and up his dick while he hissed at her, "I knew you'd enjoy this you prissy slut." Her passion was growing as she bobbed her head back and forth, sucking, as if she would find some sort of treasure coming out of his cock, if she sucked hard enough. "That's it... suck it. Suck it you dirty bitch!" 

She half whimpered half moaned at all of his lust filled goading. Passion was in the air, and with each passing second the passion grew. That hot, midnight black, evil passion, grew, and so did the speed of her blowjobs tempo. 

Her hair fell in front of face as if to hide this sinful act, in shame. It swayed with her fervent motions of sucking. The hair seemed to remember what Sharol had not. 

Its memory went back as recent as that morning. A time far away and irrelevant to her, as she went down in a passion. The memory of the shamed hair is thus:

Light streamed in through the flimsy silk curtains into a plush room, richly decorate. The light was a shaft of purity ,shining on a comfortably sleepy angel in a modest pale blue nightgown. Her breath was even and relaxed, raising her bosom up and down. Then a soft knock was at the door to Sharol's room 

"Sharol." Her father called as he opened the door, knowing that he could in this open house where everything was always decent and no one ever had anything to hide. He wasn't being rude when he opened the door before receiving a reply to his call. He was welcome to enter, and he was aware of it. That's the way it was and had always been since the day Sharol was born. 

Sharol, now awake eased herself into a sitting position, gently wiping the sleep out of her doe eyes. "Good morning darling." Her father said kindly as was his habitual demeanor. 

"Oh, and what an early morning daddy." She smiled with her habitual sweetness 

"Yes, it is and I am sorry to wake you. But surely you remember what today is?" 

"Ahh, yes. Today is when I get to meet that noble you have been talking about so much, and with such praise." She said languidly, just barely shaking the remnants of sleep and grogginess away. 

"He's not just any noble, this one. He is young, handsome, and well mannered. He is the perfect match for you." 

"The way this man has got you going, he's seems like an even better match for you. Would you like to marry him instead father." She giggled like an angel singing. Her father couldn't help but laugh along with her, so contagious was her light heartedness 

"Very funny. Now you must get ready for the day. I have cancelled all your charity work." Her father held up his hand indicating that she should allow him to finish. "I know. I know truly how much you like to help those in need. But sometimes you must do something for yourself. In time you'll learn this life lesson, but for now just take my word. One day will not hurt, when it's invested instead, to your benefit and the benefit of love." 

"I trust you father. You always seem to know best. You are a great man, wise, and deserving of my confidence." She said as she rose from bed walking towards the window, and for the first time noticing the beautiful day outside "The birds sing a joyous song today. A good omen." There was no reply from her father and after a few seconds past, Sharol turned her head towards her father. The light from the window seemed to make a halo around her, and her hair shimmer. "Daddy. What's the matter?" She asked. Her father took on a serious manner and spoke 

"It's nothing wrong. I was just thinking on how fast you have grown. It seems just like yesterday you were playing tea with your little dolls. Then in the blink of an eye you were having tea in reality as a proper lady and now I'm afraid to blink." 

"You sound so somber daddy. And why are you afraid to blink?" she laughed again. This time trying to make the mood lighter. 

"I'm afraid that if I close my eyes for a second that when I open them. You'll be gone. Left the nest and stolen away by this gentleman." 

"Ohh daddy I'll always be your little girl who played with dolls. Promise. Oh I love you to pieces father!" And with that she flung her arms around him in a hug.

"I believe you darling." He said. "And for that I am very happy. Now you must be getting ready for what I hope may be a blessed date that leads to a blessed future." 

"Ok father." she said reluctantly setting aside her embrace of him and trying not to cry. "I'll try to be on my best behavior today. Now shoo shoo I must make myself pretty for this man." She said brightly.

***

On Sharol's way out to meet the nobleman, she got a mysterious letter from a peasant who was promised a penny upon its delivery. She opened the letter and read, "The item in which you've inquired is now available. Come today. Come right away, or don't come at all." That letter led to her current situation.

Now instead of her charity work. Instead of a blessed day with a nice rich noble, and instead of playing with dolls as she had when little. She was in a dingy dark place where the only brightness was that evil green glow. Busy playing with a dingy beast of a man's cock. Slurping noises bounced off the walls, clearly heard in the silence as the man stared at the top of her head. 

"You're the dirtiest whore I've ever met!" he barked in laughter 

"mmmph." was her only reply, as she was busy at the moment. He tasted like a mixture of soap and sweat and jizz, from his pre cum. It was the second coming of the snake tempting innocent eve with sin. Only this time it was the snake she devoured, and not the apple. Her vision was red in lust as she took him all the way to the back of her throat. The fell influence effected the wretched pervert as well as the divine princess

"That's it." he grunted. "Suck it you whore." Another grunt of satisfaction. "Oh yes. Daddy's little girl sucking my cock." he laughed "You should be kissing some pompous rich nobles lips, not my dick you dirty bitch! Ahhh!" The shame was coming to the forefront now and she thought, 'This is it. What have I done? The shame shall certainly bring me to my senses now and then what will I do? How will I carry this weight of sin?' Then the malefic light grew darker but more radiant still. 

Sharol felt the shame all the same, but it was being outpaced by the electric warm feeling that the shame caused. As a flicker in the back of her awareness, she felt her nipples were very stiff and sensitive. They could feel the chill of the room, the faintest breeze and the slightest movement of fabric from her blouse against them. Her Passion was at a new height. It was like a person groggy from sleep being thrown into a freezing pool. Everything felt alive in this red cloud of lust, brought about by the blackness of guilt. 

She felt as if she was in a new world. In a new body, with new sensations ,and all of those sensations amounted to pleasure. She felt out of place in this new body. As if her moments were awkward, but they came naturally to her and were driven on by her greedy lust.

Suddenly the stranger reached down and with violence grabbed the neck line of her blouse ripping it far down. Her large left breast sprang free and exposed, with her solid rosy nipple showing starkly against her pale innocent skin. Sharol drew her head back popping his cock from her mouth ,and loudly drew in air for her lungs. The stranger could hear her pleasure even in the gasps for air. 

"You know you want more. Daddy's darling." he jibbed at her. It hurt like a deep stab to her heart. A sinking in her gut. Her mind's eye could see her heart turned black... -It felt good! Oh gods did it feel good! As if pain was pleasure. Pure, dark, razor sharp, pleasure filled her. Then she filled her mouth with his member. 

"That's it." He encouraged her as he stared daggers down at her head. The stare a peasant gives a rich snooty debutant. A stare that desires to see that careless debutant brought low more than anything else. "Suck it you stupid bitch!" 

She let out a long "Mmmm." of pleasure. Her breasts shook with her blowjob motions. The exposed breast swaying. Her passion grew and grew and didn't stop until finally with a loud grunt, the stranger slightly pushed her off his length, and shot a streak of his sperm against her, with all the force of a bullet. 

His wad smacked against her forehead and she recoiled back from surprise. The jizz splashed against her forehead, and small drops of the fluid went in her hair and eyelash and in quick succession his seed of wickedness, and debasement jetted onto her angelic face until she was bathed in white lust, with streaks of it slowly making its way down her cheeks and onto her dress. She found it all very pleasing. Her own orgasm on the brink of coming to an earth shattering eruption. Then she came with a loud yet soft and drawn out "Ahhhhhh!" of satisfaction. Slowly her moan faded and even slower, did the pleasure, but soon both were gone.

Then all she was left with was the shame and a deep emptiness in her gut. The shame swam through her like a torrent that was more plentiful than an ocean. 

What had she done! Panic and anxiety from the shame rose in her. She had betrayed her gods. Betrayed all common decency. She had lied to her father and instead of courting a noble who loved her, she had committed the most despicable act. 

What grave sin had she committed and how could she ever atone. Tears started to form in her eyes. What had she done, she thought as she lowered her head. 

"Congratulations." said the man in a tone that said he didn't mean one bit of congratulations. "Your now officially a dirty whore and a tramp. Now clean that filth from your face." He said as he threw a rag at her and proceeded out of the dark chamber. A tear rolled down her cheek mingling with the man's cum. 

But her tears turned to one's of joy as she turned her head and saw her mystically glowing prize! The 'Star of Arizom.' filled her with strange feelings, as the light seemed to penetrate her skin and then her soul. The first feeling was that of triumph. Then insidiously her belly stirred.

It seeped in slowly at first ,but there was no mistaking the dark desire that was starting to fill her. What she had done was catastrophically wrong and just as much a turn on. The wickedness that crept through her in all its lewdness, turned to raw lust. A mountain could not be greater in size than her feeling of sexual desire, once the levity of her situation sunk in. 
