 Prologue 

It was the year 30,951 AD. Mankind has reached beyond the boundaries of the earth with over thousands of worlds under their sovereignty. Under the Earth's rule was the Kingdom of Earth ruled by the near-omnipotent Lykeon Family whose influence rivals even the Coalition of Worlds and even the almighty Alfarian Empire. A thousand years ago, before the Kingdom of Earth's existence, there was the United Governments of Earth that rose following the end of the Third World War with the single-minded goal of preserving the human race from total annihilation that was executed by Gaia Corps who ruled the Earth with an iron fist. To keep track of the countless stars that was in our reach, the Gaia Corps established the star maps—an extensive real-time archive that allowed us to visualize and track countless stars, exotic exo-planets, and potential new homes that had been discovered. Unfortunately, nothing lasts forever for by the year 29,000 came the end of the UGE and the Gaia Corps by the hands of the Freyja family and their followers who had grown tired of their rulers corruption and tyranny.

Prior to their fall, a new energy source was discovered and harnessed to ensure humanity's travel through space called "Quantum" and its properties seemed magical to those unfamiliar with its power. With only one particle, it could allow ships to soar pass the lithosphere and travel to distant celestial spheres without stopping to refuel, power cities for thousands of years, and create better comforts in living. It could even make one into a god. Sadly, this was not enough to satisfy man's hunger for while it ended the need for energy, it did not end mankind's thirst for the conquest of riches. To this day, the Kingdom of Earth continues its onslaught, waging wars against its neighbors and absorbing their territories for wealth and resources. Fortunately, man retained its diplomacy and knew its limits of hegemony, having confronted races far more advanced and powerful than itself, establishing trading relations with the most dominating empires in the galaxy.

However, with such a large amount of activities, a decree was initiated by the Coalition of Worlds and the Guild System was established in order to monopolize the production and distribution of certain goods. With such high demands of specific resources, the rise of adventurers occurred, and the creation of the Adventurer's Association arose with a number of various clubs and organizations beginning to crop up. from then on, the mightiest of adventurers were born and their legacy would last for eons. However, among such a time, the feeling of dread and despair started to grow as a great cataclysm was on the rise. This was the golden age of space. This was the era of Space Quest.

*****

Chapter 01

The sun of Y'Drall 2 was bright as it shined over the horizon. I had slept all day in my tent and didn't wake up until 4:50 in the morning. Since I didn't know how long the hours were on this planet, I have been using Earth time to keep track. Pulling the sheets of my sleeping bag off of my body, I got up and needed to take a leak as I walked over to a nearby tree, pulled my cock out, and emptied my bladder on the trunk. Once I had finished, I changed out of my old clothes and into some new ones, consisting of a red tunic with shoulder blades, a pair of blue pants, black boots, and a tanned trench coat with my sword's sheath over my shoulder.

"Alright. it's time to get this day started," I murmured to myself. I took a deep breath and smiled.

After I finished packing everything up into my backpack, I proceeded into the forest. The trees were almost the same as Earth's, reminiscing of that of an oak or a cedar. However, the only difference was the strange orange flowers that bloomed on the branches. Despite the pungent smell they gave off, the flowers were completely harmless to humans but not to insects. On the ground, the grass was just as green as Earth's. purple mushrooms with openings on the caps sprung up throughout the trail and every time I passed by, a sponge-like appendage would bulge from the openings, probably as a defense mechanism to scare away predators. The bugs flew by with their wings flashing an ethereal glow as they huddled around the sponge and began eating from it. I guess I was wrong then.

I looked up at the sky. The sight of the orange sky accompanied the planet's blue sun quite beautifully in my opinion. I was almost at the end of the forest when suddenly I heard cries of fury from a distant. Then a loud explosion followed. 

"What the hell was that?!" 

It was coming from the end. I sprinted towards it but beyond the point was a cliff and below it was a quarry. I looked down and my eyes widened from what I was seeing. It was a terrible, indescribable beast that was larger than I was—a black insect with four long legs, two large pincers, and twelves tails with sharp proboscises at the end. Something I had never seen on this planet before. A near-hypnotic light glowed from the creature's mouth as it roared and the sound it emitted was so high-pitched, it ruptured my eardrums as I winced while covering the sides of my head. the beast was fighting but what? I did not know until I got a little closer. The creature's prey was humanoid and from the figure, it was female in appearance with a gray bodysuit and a matching helmet with an orange visor. On her wrist was a gauntlet with a crossbow attached, firing several rounds of energized arrows directly at the beast while she dodged its attacks.

Trailing a hand across my black hair, beads of sweat fell from my brow. I knew I shouldn't be getting involved. While the creature was definitely dangerous, I wasn't sure whether the other one was friend or foe. Suddenly, the creature sung its claws and stuck the female in the abdomen, hearing her gasp in pain while I watched her fly five feet away onto the hard ground. My eyes widened as anger began to course through my nerves from seeing that. 

Seeing a woman injured made my blood boiled. Clenching my fists, I didn't hesitate to charge, climbing down the ridged part of the cliff until I reached the bottom of the quarry. I reached behind me and drew my sword. I hoped the beast would love the taste of my blade, Siegfried.

Standing in front of the female, I raised my blade and was ready to fight. The creature quickly took notice of me and charged wildly towards me. Luckily, when it got close enough, I blocked its pincers with my sword. Sparks flew off the steel and onto the ground.

Flashing a grin, I roared. "I don't know what sort of monster you are but once I'm done with you, I'm going to see if your meat is tasty or not."

The creature hissed back. Its stingers flew at me, but I was quick to jump back before it could strike me. Swinging my sword, I managed to cut one of them off. The venom dripped and seeped into the soil as steam rose. I was lucky to dodge it. If the venom had touched me, then I would have melted into a puddle. Smacked right in the side. I was sent flying just like the female. The creature's claws were hard, and I could head one of my rips cracking. I flew three feet away and landed against the hard ground. Luckily, I was able to get up quick before the monster charged for another attack.

My jaw racked a bit. I spat on the ground, seeing the crimson redness of my blood on the gravel. Watching the monster coming towards me, I raised my blade and charged while letting out a bellowing roar. I jumped up and landed on the creature's back. I drove my sword down into the exoskeleton and pushed it in deep as the shell started to crack. The creature screeched in agony while trying to shake me off. Its tails retaliated, flailing around and attempting to strike me but I dodged each attack as I push my sword down further. I went down as hard as I could. The end of my sword piercing through the other side of the creature's abdomen. It was finally over. The creature let out its last roar. it fell onto the ground and laid motionless. 

Hoping off of the creature's back, I sighed while wiping off my brow. I grimaced. Although the creature tried to kill me, I couldn't help but feel sorry for it. clasping my hands together, 

I prayed in hopes the creature would receive a safe journey to the afterlife. Suddenly, I snapped out of my daze and turned around. The female humanoid was lying motionless, which made it even more troublesome as the only person I have encountered in a long time might be dead.

I rushed over, knelt down, and gingerly shook her. "Hey. Are you okay?" I wasn't sure if she spoke the Terran tongue but since it was one of the common languages in the galaxy, I was certain that she might be familiar with it.

Letting out a loud moan, she began to lurch up. I was relieved she was okay. that one blood I didn't want on my hands. she rubbed a hand against the front of her helmet. I helped her up and got her back on her feet. She turned to me and I flashed a friendly grin. 

"Hey. It's okay. You're safe. The monster's already dead." Unfortunately, I was going to be as she pointed her bow in my direction.

"Don't make any sudden movements. Hands above your head and I will make sure this arrow doesn't go through your head," she warned aggressively.

Raising my hands up, my heart was starting to race as if my time was up. I was a little happy that she could speak the same language as I could, which was fortunate because I was hoping to reason with her before she pulled the trigger and blow my brains out. However, before I could speak, she reached under her helmet and removed it slowly, causing strands of silver hair to fall out and flow freely. Her skin was tanned while her violet eyes stared daggers at me. "From the way you're not suffocating, it would seem that this planet's oxygen is safe to breathe." She was very beautiful. My already racing heart felt like it was about to stop. Suddenly, another part of her caught my attention. Pointy ears? An Alfarian? 

What is an Alfarian doing on Y'Drall? "State your name and your reason for being here, human."

Nodding my head, I complied to her inquiry. "My name is Sparrow and I came to this planet to become an adventure. There is a spaceport with hyperdrive ships about five miles north from here. I was hoping to get a life to the Adventure Association's station that's posted outside of this star system." Believe it or not, this planet might not seem much, but it is actually a popular tourist attraction for those who want to observe the unique fauna and flora that live on the surface or go camping and have fun being one with nature.

Her hand began to lower as her body tensed a little. However, her glare remained. "I see. It seems we have the same objective. My name is Xera Tarladoya and I'm also trying to get to the Adventure Association." I guess we have a lot more in common than I thought. She pointed her hand to the east. "My ship crashed right over there before I could make it to the station. Apparently, this system's sun gives off a powerful EMP wave once in a while."

"Well, that explains a lot actually. My ship suffered the same fate just twelve miles down south," I remarked. That seemed to have caused her glare to go away but was replaced with an arch on her right eye. Scratching the back of my head, I chuckled. "It also explains why the spaceport has such an absurd schedule."

Xera placed a hand against her hip as she sighed. She glowered while pinching the bridge of her eyes. "So, how long will it take to get to this spaceport?"

"Well, I've been here for two days. I suppose it will probably take about three days to reach it."

Her expression fell. She combed her fingers through her hair as she sighed. She remarked sarcastically, "It appears that our meeting was fated to be. Alfar has a very peculiar sense of humor pairing me with a human. I guess we have no choice but to work together until we reach our destination. After that, we'll go our separate ways and never see each other again."

I didn't say anything after hearing that. I just stood with a deadpanned glare towards her. however, I was a little sad we might not become friends for it would be nice to have someone like her to adventure with. "Come on. Let's get moving before the sun begins to set. If we stay around here for too long, there'll probably be more of those...things in the vicinity that will be coming once it gets dark."

"Okay. but, first, I need to do something." Walking over the creature's corpse, I crouched down and pulled out a dagger from my backpack. Then I proceeded to cut through the creature, pull open its exoskeleton, and pried some of its meat. After wrapping it in paper, I stored it in my backpack and followed Xera into the forest up north. However, she gave me a perturbed look during our walk.

"What was that for?"

"I promised I was going to eat its meat. So, I'm not passing up that opportunity. Besides, when it gets dark, we'll need to stock up on food before we set up camp."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Night had quickly fallen. The sight of the two moons illuminated the night sky as the cold wind breezed through the forest. Xera and I sat around the bonfire. I was busy cleaning my sword while keeping an eye on our meal. The creature's meat cooked nicely over the flames, hearing the juices simmer with each drop falling into the fire. Xera, on the other hand, looked at the meat with skepticism as she arched a brow.

"Are you sure that thing is edible? I mean, it did bleed acidic venom." she questioned. Don't know how she knew that part.

"Positive. If you cook the meat in a rotisserie, then you'll be able to burn away the toxins. It's an old trick my dad taught me when we camped in the Sahara."

"The Sahara?"

"It's a place on Earth. In the past, it used to be a desert before it was terraformed a few hundred years back." 

We ceased talking. The food was finished, and it was time for dinner. We both took half and savored the meat. It was pretty good, tasting almost like chicken but had a tolerable under taste to it as well. However, what really surprised me was Xera's scowl disappearing as she flashed a wide grin while she moaned.

After we had finished our meal, Xera and I got ready for bed. We both looked away as we changed. I was ready for bed, taking off all of my gear with only a blue shirt and boxers on.

I turned around and checked to see if Xera was decent. However, my face turned white with my eyes widened and my jaw nearly falling to the ground. Xera had unzipped her suit, carefully removing it without damaging the material. Her slender and curvy body free to move around without being constrained. She turned around. Her well-formed breasts bouncing against her gray spandex bra, which matched her thin panties below.

Arching a brow, she stared at me in confusion. From the way her muscles tensed, I could tell my gaze was making her feel uncomfortable.

"What? Haven't you ever seen an Alfarian, especially a woman, with less clothing before?" 

She was correct. It was the first time I had ever seen a Alfarian, or a woman in general, in her undergarments and it was amazing, seeing her beautiful brown skin glistening in the moon light. Xera leered away. Her eyes examined me, and I saw her face turned red. "W-what in the void is that?!"

"What is what?"

She pointed down and started to stutter. "T-that circus tent f-forming in your loins!" Popping a boner in front of a woman and having her see it was the most embarrassing thing to happen to me, and I once got stuck in a bathroom in a pitstop on Alpha Centauri. "P-please! 

C-cover that thing up and d-don't think of having your way with me while I sleep!" 

She quickly went to bed with her face still angry and red. since she didn't have a sleeping bag, I had to give her one of my spares. I know what you are all thinking. Why didn't you just lie and trick her into sleeping in your bag? Well, because that would be underhanded, and I didn't want to do that to her. also, I didn't want Xera to kill me if I put my hands on her.

She curled up in her bag and turned to the side, averting her eyes away from me. "Let's pretend that never happened and go to sleep."

"Agreed." 

Letting out a sigh, I held my head down in shame. After I extinguished the fire, I went to my sleeping bag and settled in. The first day had gotten off to a bad start. Hopefully, it would get better the next day.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

My eyes fluttered open in the middle of the night. The amber glow of the bonfire still giving off some light and from the way the two moons in the sky were positioned, it was around 2:00AM in the morning. The sound of heavy pants was what awoke me and right when I rotated my body to the other side, I was astounded from what I was seeing. Sitting up out of her sleeping bag, Xera was awake. She was breathing heavily with her chest rising up and down. Sweat caressing down her body while her eyes were closed shut. Her hands traveled down and slid into her panties, sliding her fingers into the lips of her womanhood as she moved them in and out. She pulled her bra upward as she exposed her sensuous breasts to the elements while she rubbed her nipples. The sight was mesmerizing watching her hands rubbing against her pussy. 

My cock got hard again, and I gripped in hopes of calming it down. however, I griped when I saw her eyes open. Luckily, I was relieved that they were half-open, meaning she wasn't alarmed that I was staring at her while she kept thrusting. She bit her bottom lip. Sucking sounds echoed. She was already wet as fluids dripped onto the ground. her breathing increased and so was her hand stroking her fingers against her walls. She cupped her breast and groped it gingerly. She quickly pulled away, grabbing the front of her panties and pulled. The fabric grazing against her crotch as she panted more than before. she continued her endeavor, placing her hands back down into her panties and resumed thrusting her fingers deeper into her vagina as she moaned louder. Xera's thighs hovered with one hand on the ground to give her balance. With one last thrust, she released a bellowing yell in her climax with her fluids ejaculating all over the soil. Some of it actually landed onto the bonfire, putting out what little flames were still lit, which was a pretty impressive feat to see. She sat back down. Her breathing began to calm as she cleaned her hand against her sleeping bag. Pulling her bra back onto her breasts, her eyes widened as she looked around. I closed my eyes before she could turn her gaze at me. I prayed to God that she didn't notice I was watching her. By the Aeons, that was exciting, but I felt ashamed for peeping on her "special time" like some sort of creep. With any luck, tomorrow will be different and everything will be right on schedule.