 This is something I've been working on for the better part of a year. It's inspired a lot by the work of SecretFantasy69, Cedar_Needle and others, and I hope you all like it. It's a long form, multi-chapter tale, and if there's an interest I'll post the rest. Please let me know what you think!

I'd like to thank Firebrain for her fantastic editorial assistance.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"... Petroleum prices continued to soar in busy trading, so everyone should expect to see in an increase in plasticine costs in the coming weeks. Make your fabricator purchases early! Back to you Lan."

"Thanks Geren." The broadcast cut back to the crispness of the studio, Lan's perfectly made-up face filling the screen. "Sad news from Deriond today as a series of bombings struck the planetary capital. Initial reports place the death toll at nearly two thousand from a series of coordinated antimatter charge attacks."

As Lan spoke, the broadcast cut to surveillance footage of a sub-tube station. As crowds milled from train to train, there was a sudden bright flash as a suicide bomber was consumed by a massive explosion, the camera feed cutting out from the sudden bombardment of heavy EM interference.

"The DDF was quick to claim responsibility for the attack, and local authorities have promised swift retribution for the atrocity." The broadcast dutifully cut to state police executing mass arrests. "Prince Alex released a brief statement condemning the attack and once again renewed his pledge to find a peaceful solution to the Deriond problem."

"Terrible story, and on such an important day!" Lan's co-host said earnestly, shaking his perfectly coiffed head. "Let's go back to Emily and Dran at Liada Today for their continuing coverage of the festivities."

"Good morning and welcome back to Liada Today!" If Lan was cosmetically perfect, then Emily was even more so, her blonde hair gleaming. "You are joining us in the midst of our live coverage of Crown Prince Alex's birthday celebrations. We are coming to you live from Azul Square in the shadow of the Royal Palace, and I have to say there is a palpable excitement, wouldn't you agree Dran?"

"Emily, excitement doesn't even begin to cover it. Everyone knows that this will probably be our first chance to meet the next Princess, the woman who'll eventually become queen and-"

"Is it really that simple though?" Emily interrupted. "Is it a foregone conclusion that Prince Alex will have a bride by the end of the week?"

"Well, while that isn't the official line, I think it's pretty much an open secret that this is the purpose of the whole party, quite frankly," Dran explained. "More than thirty eligible women from every corner of the system are either in the city already or in the process of landing. And included in that number, you'll remember, are two princess of the Eridani Imperium."

"That's correct. Now to discuss are Guy Caine and Biff Alrus. Welcome, gentleman."

"Thank you Dran, it's a pleasure to be here," Biff said with a smile.

"Now what can people expect from these festivities? Is it really just a dressed up courting...?"

"I have to agree with you Dran. Prince Alex is turning twenty-six and it is high time he selects a bride. We all know the rules of succession: the Crown Prince cannot become King unless he is married. It is just that simple."

"Then why has it been allowed to go on so long? Prince Alex has been of marrying age for some time, and has had no shortage of willing candidates..."

"Including you Dran?" Guy joked, making everyone laugh.

"Prince Alex isn't the most eligible man in the system for nothing, Guy," Dran zinged back. "But why has there been such a delay?"

"That's one of the great mysteries at court. I've spoken with many different people who expected Alex to be wed shortly after coming of age. But then he surprised everyone and joined the Navy! One three-year tour later and everyone expected him to make his decision then, but instead-"

"Instead he's found excuse after excuse to avoid picking a bride!" Dran interrupted, laughing. "Gallivanting holidays, diplomatic missions, goodwill tours... anything but time at court, it seems."

"Well Prince Alex has made his disdain of the Royal Court pretty clear, so this really shouldn't surprise anyone," Guy pointed out. "But he should get his fill of it this week, no?" All three laughed as the camera switched to an aerial shot of the Royal Palace and the massive city square butting against it. There was a sizeable crowd already formed, waving banners and flags to celebrate their beloved Prince's birthday.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"You know, almost any other man on Liada Prime would envy you," Erina said as she reviewed the day's itinerary on her datapad. She sat idly in a rich leather armchair, watching as Alex got dressed for his big day.

"Perhaps," Alex said as he adjusted his stiff collar, "but none of them actually have to face the prospect. How do I look?" he asked, turning.

"Pretty good, as usual," Erina said with a grin, stepping forward to help straighten the rigid epaulettes. She took him in: tall, broad shoulders filling out the blood red uniform of the Royal Navy, short dark hair leaving bright blue eyes visible. He made quite a dashing figure, Erina thought, brushing some imaginary dust off his shoulders, straightening his few ribbons and medals. "You'll have to fight them off, looking this good."

"I thought that was sort of the idea." Alex continued preparing for the evening. He attached his saber to his belt, quickly checking the sword's edge.

"I don't mean that literally, you know."

"Always check your weapons. Always," Alex said without looking at her. "You know that."

Erina nodded.

"But anyway, I don't think any man in the whole system envies me. Or they wouldn't if they knew what I was getting into. I don't have thirty six women vying to-"

"Thirty eight," Erina interrupted, consulting her data pad. "I told you, the Duchess of Corr and Countess Euna surprised everyone and showed up."

"Ah. Well, it's not like I have thirty-eight women vying to fuck me," he said as he quickly sheathed the sword, the heavy hilt clacking as it snapped in. "They all want a husband. They want to be Queen."

Erina shrugged in sympathy. She didn't have a witty rejoinder to the truth. It was time for Prince Alex to find a wife. That Alex didn't particularly want to get married was beside the point. Unfortunately, Alex's fastidious avoidance of the royal court had limited his opportunities to meet an appropriate woman and court her. That he was now regretting avoiding the issue made little difference.

"Do you want to go over any of the dossiers again?" she asked as she checked her watch. She knew he was expected in the main ballroom within the hour so that the receiving line could begin.

"No, I looked them over last night."

"Was that after you got back from the hall? You guys were up 'til..." Erina glanced up. "You didn't even look at the files."

"Nope," Alex replied, smirking.

"You know, Alex..." Erina began.

"Rin, I'm not going to look at thirty six dos-"

"Thirty eight."

"Thirty eight dossiers on the noble women of the Liada system. I'd rather drink horse piss. I'd like to meet them first and whittle down the list to the ones I can actually stand, and then I'll study. Fair?" Erina nodded. "Thank you. Any good gossip?" he asked as he checked his side arm. The pistol, a nickel-plated automatic, had been his grandfather's. It had been modified to fire a bee-hived flechette round, allowing it to use modern ammunition.

"Well the only good stuff isn't true."

"Isn't that always the case?"

"The rumor was that Lady Orma was pregnant from some spice merchant's son, and was desperate to get here so she could snag you, pin the kid on you, and be the mother of the new heir to the throne. Shocking, I know. But I had Vela following her and got a urine sample. No truth to it."

"Well that's good. Vicious rumor though. I'll have to make sure to smile at her, annoy whoever started it. Nothing else good? No spies? No one caught sucking off a footman?"

Erina laughed. "Sorry."

"Hmph. Well, I guess we ought to get this started." He snapped to attention in front of the mirror, looked himself over a last time. Erina came close behind him, her hand on his arm.

"I forgot how nice your butt looked in uniform," she whispered in his ear, leaning close to kiss him lightly on the cheek. Alex turned and they shared a long, sweet kiss. "C'mon, let's get this underway."

"If I must."

"You do my love. Sorry."

As they left his private chambers, the guards in the next room snapped to attention as they passed through. Leaving the Crown Prince's suite they found Horace waiting for them, as he always was.

"The big day has arrived, your highness," Horace said grandly as he fell in beside the prince, nodding a greeting to Erina. "Excited?"

"Oh indeed," Alex groused, "I might just vomit in cheer."

"Do buck up, lad. Marriage is a wondrous institution. Or so I'm told," chuckled the older man, casually nodding a response to the guard's salutes as they passed. As they rounded a corner a palace maid, Laen, was waiting with a glass of iced jarra.

"Your highness," she said as he grabbed it, not slowing down. He took a deep drink and visibly relaxed.

"Laen, thank you! You're a goddess!" he called as he continued with his retinue out of the royal suites, ignoring both Horace's amused smile and Erina's rolled eyes.

Leaving the royal suites, they passed through the land bridge attaching the new structure to the ancient palace. Alex glanced at the palace's approaches and saw dozens of luxury shuttles, yachts, airships and transports jockeying to land, and wondered where his future queen was among them.

"Hell of a way to pick a bride," he muttered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

There was a noticeable jolt as the shuttle broke out of the starliner's drive field, and Deena's stomach dropped the same way it always did. After a momentary shudder the craft stabilized, the gentle hum of the shuttle's engine soothing her jangled nerves. Releasing a held in breath, Deena relaxed as she looked down on her destination as the shuttle began its landing sequence.

Liada Prime, the Jewel of the System, the seat of the system's political and commercial power, was a rather unremarkable planet. Colder, with massive ice caps spanning well past the poles, it wasn't the most hospitable planet in the system by far. As they shuttle entered the atmosphere, Deena leaned her forehead against the glass of her window to watch the planet pass by below them. Liada Prime had only one major landmass, with a series of archipelago chains dotting the massive eastern ocean. As the gray waters passed beneath them, Deena shivered in anticipation of the cold. Being used to the endless summers of Ashnan, Liada Prime would be an unwelcome change.

They passed over the coast and began their final approach to the capital. As they passed over endless miles of suburbs and outlying settlements, Deena was reminded again of just how endless the city was. The craft slowed as it approached the city's interior, the modern glass and steel structures giving way to great stone buildings dating back to the city's founding nearly a millennia ago. Deena marveled at their grand construction when she noticed the shuttle had come to a full stop.

"Is there a problem, Captain?" The Lady Sophie asked through the intercom.

"We've entered the line for a landing pad, Madam. We should be on the ground within the hour."

"Very well. And please keep me informed of any other changes to our flight plan, thank you."

"Mother," Deena said with just a touch of scolding as she left the window and went to her jewelry box, searching for her favorite diamond and emerald earrings. "There's no need to be cross. We'll land when we land, and not a minute sooner."

"Deena, this may be one of the most important events of your life. I wish you would at least try to take it seriously. Did you go over the conversation topics I had written up?"

"I am not studying pre-written conversation so I can impress the prince with my knowledge of interplanetary commerce vis-à-vis the Tritium Council's edicts on taxation. I'm supposed to seduce him, not bore the man to tears."

Sophie smiled. "Well I'm glad you at least looked at them. But seriously darling, this would be such a great opportunity for you, and for our House. I'd hope you would at least try to-"

"Mother." They'd been on the starliner for almost twelve days, and not a minute had gone by that her mother hadn't tried to remind her how important this was. Deena was more than a little sick of the topic. And besides, she felt like she had been cooped up in a metal can for the whole time. She was desperate to get out and feel the ground below her, breath real air, and see the sky above.

"I appreciate the importance of this week. I do. And because of that I would like at least a few minutes to relax before arriving, alright? Please just give me some privacy while I get ready. Please." It was said quietly as she stepped close and took her mother's hand, pleading with her eyes.

"Yes, I'm sorry, you're right. I've just been cooped up here for so long... you're right. Winifred!" Sophie called, summoning Deena's maid as she squeezed her daughter's hand affectionately. "I'll leave you alone to prepare." Winifred entered quietly, giving the Duchess a quick bow as she left the room.

"Is everything alright, my lady?"

"As good as they can be, I suppose," Deena replied, running her fingers through her long blonde hair. "I've already done my make-up and hair. I just need your help with my gown?"

"Of course," Winifred said, going to collect the diaphanous gown from its hanger.

Deena removed her robe, turning to appraise herself in the mirror. Her long blond hair was naturally a little curly, and she left it to hang down her back. She had taken it easy on the make up, only a little color on her lips to off set her pale complexion, a little eye shadow to accent her green eyes. Her gown was strapless, forcing her to wear a stiff corset that thrust her large breasts practically to her chin.

"Maybe I should just go like this. Think Prince Alex would like that?" she asked lightly, turning to her maid and striking a pose. Dressed only in the corset and brief underwear, she did make quite an impression.

"He might at that, my lady." Winifred tried not to laugh at the thought. She had known Deena since the Duke's daughter was only a girl, and was filled with pride to have seen her grow to such a beautiful young woman. "Your mother, on the other hand, would kill us both. So in my official role as your lady's maid, I'm afraid I must insist on the gown."

"I suppose you're right Win," Deena replied, smiling at the older woman. With a bit of struggling they managed to get the gown on her, the golden fabric leaving her pale shoulders bare. Deena leaned forward, her breasts threatening to fall out of the gown. Oh well, I might as well flaunt them. Winifred continued to fuss about her as she walked back to the viewport. They were hovering a kilometer away from the Royal Palace, slowly following the other shuttles down to their assigned landing pad.

"What a horrible place," Deena whispered. The palace was a sprawling mess, with almost four centuries of additions, renovations and modifications clashing to create a garish monstrosity. Crenellated flying buttresses clashed with geodesic domes, interspersed by sensor towers and plasteel struts. The massive structure looked more like it grew of its own accord over the years rather than being built. But Deena was more worried about the intrigues of court, the duties of office, and being forced to compete for a man she hadn't seen in more than a decade.

Deena chewed her lip as she wondered about the man she was coming, if her mother had her way, to seduce. If you watched the Cortex, you knew that Prince Alex was a handsome, dashing young man, his time divided equally between the Grand Assembly, the polo fields, and the most exciting and exclusive social events. He was the most beloved man in the system and the most eligible man by far.

Deena had to laugh. She remembered Alex as a lanky, quiet young man who was scared of the livestock and didn't know how to ride a horse until she showed him how. Trying to reconcile his image with her memories... So what kind of man has he turned into?

"If things go well, Lady, that horrible place might end up being your home."

Deena snorted in response, earning her a look from her maid.

"You've seen the guest list. More than thirty eligible women from all over the system, and two genuine Princesses besides. I doubt he'd be interested in a minor noble from an insignificant border world," Deena groused, picking at her immaculate gown. "It's not like he's going to remember me or anything. It was years ago, and all these other women have been jockeying for this."

"Deena," Winifred began with a sigh, "we've been over this several times. You know your family's name still carries weight with the royal family. You've actually met the boy, that puts you head and shoulders above most of these other girls." Deena was about to protest further, but Winifred cut her off quickly. "I know I know. He'll never select you; I've heard it a million times. If that's truly how you feel, why not look on tonight as nothing more than an adventure? An exciting night at the royal court. So what if the Prince will be distracted by all those other women? Who knows whom else you may meet tonight, hm? Your gown is guaranteed to turn a few heads, maybe show up in the night's 'casts or on the Cortex."

Deena sighed, smiling for the first time in hours.

"Oh Win, I'm sorry. You're right. Perhaps I'll meet some merchant's son and run off to Zegema beach and elope, have dozens of babies."

"I'll pretend I didn't hear that." Winifred shook her head at her charge. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Introducing the Lady Heidi von Bremmer!"

The tribune's voice filled the hall as the lady entered the massive ballroom. As his voice echoed, many heads turned to see the new arrival and gauge her against the competition. Anyone looking at the girl had to admit she stacked up well: her sea green gown accented the jet black hair piled atop her head, her pale skin almost glowing as she descended the stairs to the main floor. Alex thought she was gorgeous, but so were many of the women vying for his attention that evening. He had to go beyond looks tonight. She approached the receiving line, curtsying to his mother the Queen before moving before him.

"Lady von Bremmer," he said pleasantly, taking his hand in hers, "it's a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance. I hope your voyage was not too taxing?" Alex knew she hailed from one of the outer planets; her family was heavily into mining and refineries.

"Not at all. I enjoy travel, especially when I have such a lovely destination to go to," she cooed, her crimson lips looking utterly kissable.

"Capital City is truly the jewel of the system. Have you any plans to explore?"

Heidi's smile faltered. Clearly she wasn't prepared for much in the way of questions. "I... I had hoped to see the... I understand the nightlife is without peer. Perhaps you could recommend something? My younger brother traveled with me as well, hoping for a bit of adventure."

Hoping to snag one of these fine ladies for himself, more likely. "We'll have to discuss it later, certainly," Alex said with a smile, dismissing her gently. She bowed slightly as she moved down the receiving line, Alex's eyes moving unbidden to her deep cleavage. Maybe this won't be so bad, he thought as he looked to the head of the stairs for the next guest.

But as guest after guest paraded past, Alex's good cheer kept waning. The ballroom was slowly filling with the upper crust of Liada Prime and its neighboring planets, nobles and various industrialists and businessman rubbing elbows and discussing the exciting week ahead of them. While all the celebration was ostensibly for the Prince's birthday, everyone there knew the true purpose of the festivities, and that the Crown Prince would select his bride by the end of the week.
