 WARNING: The following story contains bizarre erotic transformation and lots of sex. 18+ only please, and make sure you've read chapter 1 and 2 before this part!

======

End commercial break

======

Two minutes later, they were standing in the captain's ready room. 

"Alright, Mr. Tanner, let's hear it." 

Jack paced back and forth, unable to contain his energy. "The Salekk have been demanding that you share information with them, but they don't want any data from the computer banks." 

"Yes. . ."

"What if the information they're talking about is genetic information?"

The captain's eyes darted back and forth between thoughts. "That would explain why they want a human to come aboard their vessel." She stood. "They say they've already shared information with us. They must be talking about your human-Salekk hybrid DNA." 

Here, Cand-e spoke up. "Not just the DNA, Jack's reproductive system could hold the key to their bioengineering capabilities."

Now the captain was pacing. "No wonder they're so worked up. Excellent work, Mr. Tanner. If this is true, it could open a whole new avenue of negotiation. Computer, hail the Salekk ship." 

A video feed of the Salekk ship appeared on the wall next to the captain's aquarium. She offered to share a sequencing of the human genome. The alien refused. She offered a sample of human tissue. The alien declined. She offered a preserved human corpse. The alien hissed in disapproval.

"It must be a full, living human!"

Jack leaned toward the screen. "What about my eggs? Cand-e said we could inseminate them with my own DNA. They would hatch into humans."

The alien rumbled as it considered the offer. "You, Vel- you would willingly part with your eggs?"

The captain locked eyes with him. "Jack, are you sure about this?" 

Jack was silent for a moment, then shrugged. "Yeah, I'll do it. Honestly. . . I never really wanted kids." 

The alien chittered and buzzed and clicked with some other aliens off-screen, then returned. "We would never demand a Vel be separated from her young," it said, bowing its head. "But if it is your wish, we humbly accept this offer. Your clutch of eggs for safe passage." 

The channel was closed. Captain Sarr thanked Jack emphatically and shook his hand, which, Jack noticed, was quite a bit smaller in her grasp than the last time she'd shook it. Cand-e set a reminder for his SPUNK chamber appointment and discharged him. 

On the walk back to his quarters, Jack was filled with a warm glow, and for once it wasn't sexual. No, it was the pure and innocent glow of accomplishment. For the first time since he arrived on the ship, he didn't feel like a burden. 

But the feeling began to fade when, in the elevator, he turned and accidentally slapped a cadet's leg with his gaster. After an awkward apology, he got to wondering. Would the doctor be able to turn him back? Would Camille take him back? Maybe he'd be stuck as a bug-lady, but this shared time travel adventure would only strengthen their relationship. If buying an airline ticket was worth one date, how many nights would flying a spaceship into a time rift buy him? 

This wishful thinking quickly devolved into another one of his increasingly-frequent romantic fantasies. He spent the rest of the evening researching the SPUNK chambers, fingering his pussy as he tried to decide which of these fantasies he would choose to live out.

That night, there were no warning shots from the Salekk vessel. 

The next day, Jack's libido distracted him all through flight class. Everything brought his mind back to sex. Even gripping the manual control stick sent fantasies of wrapping his hand around a dick spinning through his mind. He took a half dozen "bathroom" breaks, but no amount of masturbation could slack his lust. 

The situation wasn't helped by the growth of his egg sack. Now Jack could see the taught spherical bulges of eggs the size of grapefruits pressing against its flesh. The heat of his arousal ran up its tip and filled its bulk like a gulp of hot cider, and each exploratory touch or accidental bump brought a glow of tantalizing pleasure. He rocked back and forth in his seat as he trained, rubbing his stretched sack across curves of his chair, seeking some temporary relief from the lust that had invaded his mind. 

Jack nearly sprinted from the simulator when the time came. Camille would have to have dinner without him tonight; he had a date with his wildest dreams. 

As he walked, he had to constantly flex his egg sack up to keep it from dragging on the ground behind him. He had to pause and take several breaks along the way, relaxing his gaster to rest on the cold floor, a puddle of arousal pooling near its tip. 

Finally, he arrived at the SPUNK chambers. The doors identified him, slid open, and closed behind him. An hour and a half. That was how long he had to get satisfaction from the miraculous device. The room was cube-shaped, about twenty feet in all directions. Its walls were the deepest black he'd ever seen, overlaid with a fuchsia hexagonal grid. Despite all his anticipation, now that he was here, he hardly knew where to begin. 

"Computer," he announced in his feminine buzzing voice, "put me in. . . a bedroom."

Futuristic living quarters flickered into existence around him.

"Hmm. . . can you style it like a bedroom from 2019 AD?" The computer chirped, and the room transformed into what looked like a suite at a nice hotel. The familiar decor made him realize how much he missed his own time period. 

"Almost perfect, but I have some adjustments I'd like to make. . ." 

Jack barked orders at the computer as he paced around the room. He doubled the size of the main window and changed the view from a generic backyard to a nordic freljord. Electric lamps melted into romantic candles. The bed expanded to a double California king covered in the finest linen sheets and softest cashmere blankets. A few minutes later, he was satisfied. Now it was time for the interesting part.

"Computer, generate a willing sexual partner for me. Nude, late 20s, good looking, and, uh. . . male"

A naked olive-skinned man emerged from the bathroom casually toweling himself off as though he'd just taken a shower. His black curls fell gracefully around his romance-novel five-o-clock shadow face. Jack took a deep breath, his inhumanly large eyes widening further at the sight. He was completely lifelike down to the last detail, the way he moved, the way he acted, the way his freshly washed skin stretched over his muscles. 

He turned to Jack and gave an earnest smile, with perfect teeth. "Oh hey, Jack. I didn't expect to be here yet. You're absolutely glowing tonight." 

Jack's skin flushed as the model started toward him. He ventured a glance between his legs and caught a glimpse or two of his potential partner's penis through the fluttering towel. It was fat and veiny. His blood turned to ice.

The stranger's face grew concerned as he approached. "Jack? Are you okay? Why are you looking at me like that?" He threw the towel over his shoulder and placed one of his large, masculine hands on Jack's delicate arm. His dick hung inches from Jack's stomach. 

"Computer, freeze program!" he yelped. The man freeze-framed, and Jack took a step away. That had been too much too fast. He wasn't used to having men look at him that way, with care and love, but also hunger. 

He tried switching to a female partner. The woman was less threatening at first, but she was still a stranger, and as she was helped him undress, he lost his nerves and paused the program once again. Jack buried his face in his hands. He couldn't believe he was having trouble fucking a stupid computer program. It wasn't even sentient!

Then he had an idea. 

"Computer, can you make a replica of Camille Monroe, the passenger on this ship?" 

There was a flicker, and there she was. Camille, still frozen, dressed as she probably was this very instant, in her form-fitting 21st century clothes. It was strange to see her standing perfectly still, like a statue. He unpaused her.

"Oh, there you are, Jack," she said with warm recognition.

"Hey, Camille."

Faux-Camille's eyes met with Jack's for an instant, then she turned away and collapsed dramatically on the giant, luxurious bed. "Ugh, it's been such a long day. Come relax with me." 

Jack nodded and slowly crawled onto the bed, stumbling and catching himself on his hands. Camille giggled, but it was a good-hearted laugh and not accompanied by a roll of her eyes. He chuckled, though it came out as a girlish tittering, and laid next to her. They gazed into each other's faces. 

Camille reached a hand out and stroked his smooth cheek. "You're so beautiful, Jack." 

"Thanks. So are you."

The woman on the bed next to him was Camille, but it wasn't the one he'd come to the future with. This Camille looked at him without judgement, with love, the way she had when they first got together. 

Then, without warning, she brought her face to his, closed her eyes, and pressed her lips against his. After a shocked instant, he returned her kiss. The experience was different. Her lips were familiar, but his had filled out since he last kissed her. Her hair brushed against the tips of his antenna, and the tickle ran down his spine to the tip of his gaster. His distant pussy pursed in anticipation, and suddenly the reason he had come to the SPUNK chamber in the first place reasserted itself with a vengeance. 

Jack wanted- no, needed- to fuck, and this synthetic Camille would do perfectly. She was made for it, after all. 

He slid his slender, feminine hand around her waist and ventured a tentative lick along her upper lip. She returned the lick, running her hand down his neck, around his petite shoulders, pulling her body closer. He tilted his head, sliding his tongue's longer-than-human, semi-segmented length between her lips. That was a change no one knew about but him. 

Their hands explored the womanly curves of each others bodies, sliding from the valleys of their backs, up the gently rolling hills of their perfectly curved thighs and plump behinds. Jack began to relish her seeking, eager touch. For the first time in his life, he felt more than adequate. He felt sexy. 

Camille broke off the kiss, sat up, and pulled her top up over her head, letting her breasts bounce free. She tossed the garment away. "Your turn, gorgeous." 

Jack sat up and removed his own top, revealing the dark leathery skin of his back and supple pliant paleness of his front. Each of his additional pair of breasts jiggled a bit more as they popped free of their constraints until, finally, his original and largest pair wobbled in the open air. 

Camille bit her lower lip. "Fuck, Jack, you're so sexy. I wish I had four cute pairs of tits like you." 

She playfully tackled him back onto the bed, hugging him, pressing their tits together. Sensitive, erect nipples sending sparks of sensation each time they flicked against one another. She drew back and lowered herself to his chest. 

"Wait-" he started, but as her tongue went to work at his right breast's nipple his complaint turned to a moan. She caressed his pert, nascent breasts as she ran her tongue up and down his rows of nipples. Jack was lost in the complex, unfamiliar pleasure of having his newest erogenous zones tweaked and teased. Gone was the concentrated, eager lust that he knew as a man. Arousal was now a full-body experience, and the flood of hormones flushed his skin and made him feel stoned. He moaned a buzzing, girlish moan as she sucked and lapped. 

"You're so horny, Jack," she smiled. "I know just what you need." 

Camille dextrously removed her pants as she worshipped his multitude of breasts, leaving only a pair of panties stretched around her hips. Then her fingers wrapped around the clasp above his egg sack. He moved to help her, but she had it undone in an instant.

She braced one palm against his smooth, neuter crotch as she tugged his pants over his hips and off his legs. Jack instinctively flinched at the pressure on his groin, but it didn't hurt. She sat up and hefted his descended sack into her lap. 

"C-careful." He said, propping himself up on a pillow so he could see. 

"Always." Camille cooed as she gently bent his sack so that its opening pointed up toward her. "Oh my God, Jack, you are literally dripping wet. You're such a needy girl." 

Camille stroked her fingers across the bulging eggy mounds to the sloppy sopping opening at its tip. She toyed with the puffy, rubbery lips of his massive sex, then grabbed one of his spindles for stability and sunk a pair of fingers into his pussy. The touch melted Jack's muscles, and he flopped back into the pillows as she started to finger him. 

Jack moaned and gasped and gripped fistfulls of sheets as she pushed another finger into him and started pumping. She used her mouth too, making out with his opening and sucking his sensitive labia. Wonderful waves of bliss washed Jack's brain away from reality. He melted into the sheets as Camille changed her tactics over and over, stretching him, teasing him, talking dirty to him, massaging the bulk of his egg sack between her legs as she slipped her thumbs inside. But as fantastic as it all felt, there was a aching need inside of him that wasn't satisfied. It grew and grew, and in his imagination it coalesced and formed a phallic shape. 

Dick. He needed a dick inside of him, and as wonderful as this mirror-world Camille was, she didn't have everything that he needed. 

But why not? 

"Wa-wait." He moaned, sitting up. "Hold on, Camille." 

Camille looked up at him with her eyes, the rest of her face buried between his folds. "What is it, babe?"

Jack cleared his throat. "Computer, can you add a penis to Camille?" 

Camille's eyes bulged. She let out an "eep!" and, kneeling up on the bed, spread her legs so Jack could watch as a bulge formed in her panties. She stared down and bit her finger as the new growth quickly overwhelmed the straining fabric. A pair of balls spilled through a leg-hole, swelling to prominence in a smooth, hairless sack. In the panties above them, a soft shapeless bulge straightened and hardened. She gasped as a delicate pink cock snaked its way up between her waistband and her stomach. 

"Ugh, this underwear is so revealing," Camille groaned, pulling her panties down. 

She'd only gotten the offending garment around her ankles before Jack was on her, crawling like a predator on his hands and knees, gaster dragging behind him leaving a trail of shiny slime wherever it touched. He licked his lips with his insectoid tongue as he stared, fascinated at the hairless, veiny cock that jutted and wobbled from Camille's crotch. It was about seven inches long, and, despite being a penis, seemed somehow inoffensively feminine in its shape and texture. 

He cradled her churning balls in the palm of his hand, and it was her turn to moan. Acting on an impulse, Jack leaned in and took the head of her penis into his mouth. He sucked and bobbed on the ridgid organ, lips slipping up and down its luscious length. A hint of salty pre met his tongue. She ran her fingers through his hair and grunted, pushing him further onto her shaft. He felt the length throb and strain between his lips, and then, without any other warning, a flood of hot, salty semen flooded into his mouth. He had to swallow to keep it from spilling onto the sheets.

Camille fell back onto the bed with a sigh, pulling her dick from Jack's mouth with a slurp. He panted and wiped a droplet of stray cum from the corner of his mouth. 

"Oh, Jack that was fantastic," she sighed, exhausted.

But Jack wasn't done. 

"Computer, make her insatiable." 

Camile's semi-soft dick swelled again, and she sat up, staring at him with lust in her eyes.

"Ready for round two?" She moaned, stroking her saliva-slickened shaft. 

Jack got up on his hands and knees, crawled away from her, and straightened his egg sack toward her.

"Fuck me," he said in a breathy, slutty voice that he didn't intend. He gripped the lips of his pussy with his spindles and pulled them apart until the cool air tickled his insides. 

Camille needed no further invitation. She grasped either side of his egg sack and thrust right into him, hilting herself immediately. His spindles slipped, and his vulva slapped closed around her shaft, brushing against her balls. She started thrusting and groaning, desperately using his organ to satisfy herself. 

An inferno of pleasure roiled through Jack's insides and burned his breath away. This was exactly what he needed. It was everything he had imagined and more. His pussy flexed and pulled at the penis inside of him, hungrily trying to pull it deeper, deeper.

"Harder! faster!" he cried, as he felt his climax building. The pleasure grew and grew, far past the point he expected it to. It eclipsed his thoughts and locked his muscles. He stopped breathing, mouth hanging open, eyes fixed, tearing up, fists clenched, pussy solidly locked around that thrusting, throbbing shaft. 

Then Camille gave an especially mighty thrust, pressing her hips hard against his egg sack, balls drawing up against his opening, as her cock swelled inside of him. Her orgasm triggered his, and as spurt after spurt of hot cum entered him, he was reduced to a quivering pile of gasping flesh. 

He wrapped his spindles around Camille's waist and pulled her closer. "More. . ." he panted, and she complied. 

"Computer, I want a bigger cock in me." he moaned as she began thrusting again.

"Specify scale parameters."

"Uh, 20%" he said, and gasped as he felt her cock grow within him. They fucked to climax once again, but he was still unsatisfied. 

"Computer, increase penis size another 25%"

Jack proceeded to have one of the best fuckings of his entire life. Camille was as tireless as he was, and each time she pumped him full of semen, he'd tell the computer to increase the size of her penis, or make her produce more cum, or otherwise enhance her sexual vigor. They pioneered a dozen gaster-friendly sex positions. Jack was laying on his stomach with his egg sack extended to the side of the bed while Camille stood up on the floor and fucked him when the door opened. 

It was the real Camille. 

"Jack are you-" She froze when she saw what was happening. Jack's blood turned to ice. "What the fuck?"

Fake camille did not stop fucking. "Hey, it's me!" she beamed. "Get over here and let's spit roast this bug."

"Camille! uunf-" Jack moaned as his synthetic lover sank her forearm-sized cock into him once again. "Computer, freeze program!" The thrusting stopped. "What are you doing here!?"

Real Camille was as white as a distant star. "I was trying to find you after you didn't show for dinner. . . Holy shit. You made a copy of me fuck you in your egg sack!?"

Jack scrambled forward, covering his upper breasts with one arm. As he approached Camille, his descended, pumped-full-of-cum egg sack slid inch by inch off the fake's still-erect dick.

"I know it looks bad-" 

"It looks disgusting!" Camille groaned, covering her mouth. "I- I feel so violated! Like I would ever want to fuck a monster like you, you freak!" 

She turned and stormed out of the chamber. Jack stared for a moment in defeated silence. 

"Would you like me to lock the door to the chamber?" asked the computer. 

"No," groaned Jack, "end the simulation." 

Fake Camille disappeared, followed by the room and the furniture. The bed disappeared under Jack's swollen egg sack, which slapped painfully against the ground.

Defeated and humiliated, Jack headed back to his quarters. He sat in the shower and sobbed. He hated turning into an alien. He wished he could escape his body for one moment, but it was impossible. He bumped the water temperature up to 120 degrees fahrenheit. Anything less than 110 felt ice cold. 
