 And on into chapter 3. I'd just like to say that when I wrote this I never expected the strong feelings it would generate. I understand that it's a bit different than what readers were expecting but isn't that a good thing?

Please keep the comments coming! I love to hear what readers think.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"I can't believe you're going to betray me like this."

"Like what?" Alex asked, looking at Fain through the mirror.

"'Like what,' he says. Come on!" Fain said as he stood, stalking over to the wet bar and pouring himself a erab juice. "No liquor?"

"It's only a little past six, Fain."

Fain raised his hands, as if to ask how the time of the day related to his question.

"You were saying, betrayal?"

"Yes! Do you know how good it is to be out with the Crown Prince when you're out on the pull? Can you even imagine?"

Alex laughed, shook his head.

"No, of course you can't, BEING the Crown Prince and all. When your royal highness arrives at a club, all the lady's eyes fill with starbursts and their panties fill with juice. It's amazing."

"So how's this a betrayal? You sound jealous, not thankful."

"Well, their eyes now star-filled and their panties a-juiced, these poor girls are stunned to find you an utter gentleman, uninterested in dalliances of the flesh. That's where I come in."

"Ah."

"Did you ever notice me vanish for a few minutes here and there? Like that time at the Phenadrome, I went missing for a half hour? I was consoling a pair of Corvalan actresses in the ladies room."

"Ah. Isn't that similar to a band porter? They take the girls that the singer turns away?" Alex turned to one of his oldest friends. "I just didn't realize you had me to thank for it."

"Well perhaps not directly. My own looks and wit cannot be discounted."

"Certainly not."

"But what am I to do now, Majesty? Now that you're all married and under Deena's thumb I-"

"I'm under no one's thumb. I'm not even married yet!" Alex laughed, finishing off a glass of jarra before gripping his friend loosely by the shoulders. "You'll manage. There must be some other dashingly handsome yet unavailable man that you can latch onto, remora-like."

"Yes, precisely. Any celebrities coming today? I find the younger girls don't know the obscure aristos the way they used to. I-" Fain was interrupted by a sharp knock on the door.

"Yes?" Alex called, and Horace leaned inside.

"The Queen wishes to speak with you, highness."

"Oh, of course."

"Highness," Horace nodded, before turning to Fain. "Out."

"Oh Horace, thank the Maker. You have your flask, right?" Fain had his jacket on and was out the door a moment later

Alex could hear Horace laughing as the door shut, and turned back to the mirror to check everything one more time, going through the same checklist he'd learned during basic training. All of medals aligned off of the number three button, pilot's wings just above that. Markings of rank at three o'clock off of-

"You look so much like your father sometimes."

Alex whipped around to find his mother watching him, her eyes misty.

"Mother..."

"I'm alright, I'm alright. It just caught me by surprise is all," she said, dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief. "How are you? Nervous?"

Alex shrugged. "I'm alright. Although if I get asked that question much more I might start."

"Then I won't ask again. I wanted to talk to you, Alex. About marriage. About being married."

"I think it's a little late for that talk, don't you?"

Beatrice's mouth drew to a tight line, her eyes narrowing slightly.

"You know I'm not talking about that. You've never needed any guidance as far as that was concerned, hm?"

Alex just rolled his eyes in response, not arguing.

"Just... Deena will be your wife, your queen. I know you may not love her but-"

"Mother!" Alex sputtered for a moment, unable to form words, and Beatrice took advantage.

"But it's important that you honor her, and the vows you take today. She is a good woman, and deserves your best. Your all."

Alex nodded, understanding his mother's meaning and praying to all the gods that she wasn't going to put a much finer point on it.

"Later, you will take an oath of fidelity..."

Pretty damn fine.

"I mean, I know that Erina will always be part of your life. She's always been your friend, your closest ally. But perhaps... Perhaps it's time for a new chief of staff?

"You know I won't agree to that."

"I'm not suggest stopping her other work. I've read her reports, I know that her work is important. But as your chief, you'll see her everyday! It will drive you mad."

"Being chief of staff allows her to hide in plain sight. We've spoken about this. Horace agrees with me, you know that."

Beatrice tried a different tack. "I'm also concerned for Erina's peace of mind. Seeing you and Deena together constantly. It might really hurt her. I know she-"

"I've wondered at the same thing, but Erina insists that she... we'll cross that bridge if we come to it, I suppose. Mother." Alex took her hands in his. "Erina and I have discussed it, and have both agreed it better for everyone to... maintain the appropriate distance."

Beatrice was about to speak again, but Alex interrupted her.

"This hasn't been a surprise to either of us. We both know our responsibilities. And I'll not begin my marriage as a sham."

"That's good. I won't have any son of mine be such a shit."

"Well if you don't trust me then trust Erina. She apparently won't stand for it either."

"Oh Alex, please. Of course I trust you. This is hard for all of us."

"We'll survive. Don't worry."

Beatrice hugged her son tightly, surprising him. He relaxed, his mother tiny in his arms.

"I'm so happy for you, I am. This is going to be a great day." Hard squeeze. "Your father would be so proud of you."

Alex suddenly felt the loss of his father acutely, like it had just happened again. He hugged his mother tight, tears on his own cheeks now.

"Of you too mom. I know he's pretty pleased with both of us."

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Good morning and welcome to Liada Today." Emily's voice was small, expectant.

The camera was focused on the closed temple doors, various factoids and rumors scrolling along the edges of the screen.

"We are probably just moments away from seeing the Crown Prince and Princess for the very first time. They arrived... yes, it is now two hours ago that the Royal couple and their guests entered the temple."

"The ceremony has been made private, but we understand that both picts and video will be released later." Dran spoke in the same hushed tone. "We are here live, waiting for the ceremony to finish."

The camera cut to an ornithopter view of the landing of the temple's grand staircase. The broad white stone of the platform practically shone. The crown jewels were sitting on a pair of red pillows at the center of the broad landing. The Royal Guard stood at attention, filling the stairs in full battle regalia. The grand temple stood opposite the Palace, on the south side of Azul Square. It was eerily silent as the thousands of subjects filling Azul Square waited for news.

"Well, um, we know that Deena, like many on Ashnan, worships the Earth Mother. A High Priestess from her homeworld, High Mother Genevore, is officiating."

There was twenty seconds of silence.

"Yes," Dran replied, trying to fill the dead air. "Weddings before Mitra are usually brief. Obviously with a ceremony of this importance, there is much more in the way of... the, um, the ceremony."

The dead air stretched for another awkward ten seconds.

"And let's cut to Guy Caine live at Azul square. Guy, what's the mood there?" Emily interjected, desperate to get her and her exhausted co-host a chance to stop talking about a door.

"The same as in the studio, the same as everywhere else in this city, on this planet, in the whole system! We- And there it is!" Guy shouted as the camera cut back to the massive temple doors parting. A company of Royal Guards exited as the entire crowd let out the same exultant, excited shout.

Crown Prince Alex exited the temple first, resplendent in his uniform. As thousands of cameras flashed, the Prince offered his hand to his left, and Princess Deena was seen for the first time. The roar of the crowd was deafening, as everyone in the square, the city, and indeed the planet cried out in a cheer.

Princess Deena's gown was magnificent. Even the most conservative of gowns could not hide her outstanding body, so little effort had been made. The neckline was high, the sleeves long, but the frilly white fabric clung to her like a second skin, flaring out to a mountain of lace and glittering petticoats. 

Her bright green eyes seemed to catch every single camera flash as she moved to stand beside her husband. She was absolutely aglow; A bright flush of excitement that hours worth of professional make up couldn't hide. As she stepped close, Alex took her hand and the couple stood for a moment, smiling as they turned to the crowd. The roar was again deafening. The Crown Prince and his bride stood for a moment, almost at attention, before heading down the broad stone stairs to the main landing.

The Royal Guard formed a circle around the crown jewels, Alex and Deena stepping inside the cordon of men. Alex dropped to a knee and lifted the Princess' crown. It was made of a web of spun platinum, a countless diamonds suspended in the metal matrix. Alex held the crown aloft for a moment before placing it on Deena's head.

The crowd exploded again with a shouted cheer, thousands of banners and streamers waving in the early morning wind. As Alex knelt again, this time lifting the Prince's crown, the crowd grew quiet. It was a simple thing, a gleaming hoop of gold with a trio of rubies at the crest. Alex handed the crown to his bride, kneeling again before her.

Deena took it and placed it over his head without hesitation or show. The crowd erupting in cheer once again. Prince Alex looked up at his new bride, a wide smile on his face as he stood before her. As they came together on the grand stone landing, the Royal Guard moved as one, the circle of troops expanding and shifting, the soldiers now facing inwards towards their charges. In one sudden movement a dozen swords flew from their scabbards, their points arrayed toward the center. As the Prince leaned down to kiss his bride, the crowd's roar built till it felt like the city itself was trembling.

"By the Maker!" Guy shouted over the din as the royal couple kissed. "Liada, I present to you Crown Prince Alex and Princess Deena!!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The last time a royal wedding had been celebrated at the palace was when Alex's parents were married, nearly thirty years ago. It had been a grand, stately event, with a parade followed by a small, private celebration in the palace. The newly married couple then left on their honeymoon to a private villa on a royal owned island on the far side of the planet.

Crown Prince Alex's nuptials were quite different.

Three separate landing areas were set up in the northeast corner of Azul Square, guests being shuttled in from secure boarding areas by the Royal Guard. During the ride the guests were scanned for weapons, biological agents and recording devices. One was found: A spy drone the size of a horsefly. It was disabled, but later analysis would show that a tabloid reporter slipped it in.

Security was intense: Scanning drones hovered about, monitoring the guests and crowds alike. Two Dreadnaughts stood at each side of the Palace gate, their massive guns looming over the heads of entering guests. Capital City Police manning concrete stanchions held the roaring crowds back. Royal Guard snipers covered every rooftop, with more manning the crowd line. The crowd was well behaved, but the show of force was impressive.

The palace gate had been opened for the first time in a generation, the guests entering through the ornate archway. Hundreds of the system's politicians, athletes, celebrities and nobility mingled on the red carpet. Duke Fain, arguably the new most eligible bachelor in the system, was utterly swamped by press attention, practically hosting several competing programs. He handled it gamely, joking and flirting in equal measures.

The party itself was almost surreal, with different strata of society mixing and mingling in ways no one could have predicted. A representative of the Eridani Imperium was drinking with the commandant of the Royal Marines: ten years ago they may have been shooting at each other, but tonight they were celebrating the Prince's nuptials. Three members of the admiralty were chatting with Falcon Punch, the top musical act in the system. Everyone was dressed for the occasion, with officers in full dress mingling with the latest in high fashion.

Princess Deena absolutely glowed. She had changed out of the stiff gown she had worn for the ceremony, and her new look was already receiving rave reviews. Her golden hair was pulled back by the glittering crown, a few ringlets escaping and teasing her graceful neck. Her gleaming white gown left her shoulders bare, her bare arms adorned with an array of silk-thin chains of gold. Her breasts were thrust up by the corset in her dress, her cleavage a tempting valley. The gown flared out at her slim waist, billowing out into floating layers of outer skirts and petticoats. Princess Deena was the picture of royal calm and charm, receiving her new subjects with grace and sophistication.

"You know you're making me look bad," Alex whispered in his new wife's ear. "By comparison, of course. You're the most beautiful woman here tonight."

"Flatterer," Another subject knelt before them before moving on. "Keep it up."

The newlyweds shared a smile, continuing to greet guests on the receiving line. Everyone bowed with reverence to the royal couple and said a few words before moved on. Deena and Alex at least got to sit for this part, and were enjoying their first few hours of married life.

"The Lady Drusis of Ix," the tribune announced as the tall dark haired woman stepped before them. Deena couldn't keep a small smirk off her face as the taller woman knelt before her.

"Your Majesty," she muttered, her bitterness barely hidden.

"Arise," Deena said simply, relishing the power of office for the first time. "It is so good to see you again. I meant to call on you, but you know, the past few months were so busy. No hurt feelings, neh?"

Drusis bit her tongue. She nodded and continued down the line.

"Enjoyed that a bit?"

"A bit. I might like being Princess."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The receiving line went on for more than four hours, stretching into the early afternoon. Behind the receiving platform was a small, out-of-sight staging area, which was the nerve center of the celebration. The head chef was in the kitchen, but his representative was there coordinating the service. Horace was managing internal security, while the Master of Arms directed an army of maids, butlers and footman throughout the palace.

Off to the side, operating a data terminal, was Erina. The wedding had been planned to such an extent that now, as her checklists were being checked and each part of the wedding went off without a hitch, everyone expected her to join the festivities.

Instead she was burying herself in even more work, now dealing the post-wedding media blitz. She was coordinating with several publicists, working the press like a machine. The public response had been explosive, and she wanted to make sure to maximize the goodwill. The power of the Crown was the power of the crowd, and Prince Alex's popularity made him more powerful still.

Erina had leaked three images from the ceremony, posting them anonymously following the ceremony and then directing her friendly journo friends to the site. That was nearly three hours ago. Enough time to gauge the reaction I should think. When she saw the number, she didn't believe it and reloaded the page to confirm it.

The images had been downloaded four and a half billion times. 

"Great Maker," Erina muttered, stunned. Her pad buzzed as she received a message from an assistant: the edited footage of the ceremony was ready. Well if three damn picts were so popular... Erina immediately punched it up, quickly reviewing the footage to make sure there weren't any problems. As the footage played at triple speed she watched Deena walk down the aisle to Alex, exchange oaths, and Alex put the ring on her finger.

And just like that Erina was desperately fighting the urge to cry.

Alex is married.

"I cry at weddings too, sometimes."

Erina took a deep breath as she turned around, putting her emotions away into their proper compartment to be dealt with later.

"Agent Slate, I'm sorry I-"

"It's alright. Apologies for surprising you." He was holding a handkerchief out to her, and she dabbed at her eyes.

"It's alright. I needed the break." She wiped her cheeks. "Weddings, you know?"

"I can only imagine."

Erina nodded, before her eyes narrowed dangerously. "You're not here to arrest anyone are you?"

Slate laughed aloud, but put his hands up in mock-defense. Agent William Slate and Erina had met nearly two years ago during the Aralon Affair, when a spy ring was uncovered that led all the way into the Royal Palace. Slate had led the investigation, working with Erina and Horace to uncover the full extent of the infiltration. By the end of it all, four conspirators were uncovered, including a senior advisor to the crown.

"No, no. I'm here purely in an intelligence-gathering role. Huge shindig like this, you know someone's bound to say something they shouldn't to someone they shouldn't. C'mon, if I was here to take someone out you know I would have cleared it with you first."

It was said with a smile, but Erina didn't think it was very funny at all.

"But I heard you were back here and thought I'd say hello. I was surprised you weren't celebrating."

"We all have our responsibilities."

"Ah." He nodded, understanding. "Plans after the wedding? As soon as I'm off duty I'm going to the Square. They're saying it'll be open like this for a week. A week! Can you believe it!"

"I helped plan it, actually."

"Quite an undertaking, my lady." He gave a relaxed salute. "My congratulations on it going off without a hitch."

"Save your congratulations until it's all over, please." Erina noticed Agent Slate eyeing a plate of food as it went past. "Hungry?"

"Quite, yes. Any chance I could..."

"Mr. Derin? Put together a plate for Mr. Slate please."

The cook immediately directed a server away to do so.

Slate nodded in thanks. "Join me?"

"I've been grazing all day, but thank you."

"Oh thank the Maker," Slate said as a heaping plate of food was bought to him. "So, no plans for after the wedding?"

"Only work, unfortunately. I'll be aboard the Erabos by 1900 hours."

"Always working!"

"Indeed."

"What about after, after the wedding? Where's your career taking you?"

"What do you mean?"

Agent Slate suddenly looked quite embarrassed. "I... I just assumed that you'd be moving on. What with Alex-"

"With Alex what?" Erina's gray eyes narrowed in suspicion.

"I'm sorry, I spoke out of turn." Slate put his fork aside and lifted his hand in apology. "There had been some talk of trying recruit you into SIB."

Erina smiled at the implied compliment, before glancing around to make sure they weren't being observed.

"I'm flattered, but no thank you."

"Of course, I just-"

"Sh." Erina plucked a spiced egg from his plate. "Any good intel?" Erina asked, happy for the distraction from her problems.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Deena was happy to see some friends from Ashnan and university, but knew she wouldn't get a chance to really speak to anyone today. She promised everyone that her schedule would open up after the honeymoon and she hoped to see them then. When the last guest had paid their respects, the royal couple took up their position at the main table and the dinner began.
