 Magred had been searching across the world for the six chosen. Or the six to be chosen. It was in New York that she was able to blend in with the general population.

New Yorkers tended to stay out of everybody's way and Magred found that her golden eyes attracted almost no attention in this big city. Also, English was her preferred language.

She had been in New York for almost a year and had narrowed her search down to a small number of women who knew each other.

Three beautiful, tall, blue-eyed, blonde women in their mid twenties, Alanna, Julie and Jane. Two equally tall, beautiful auburn haired women, one aged twenty and one aged twenty nine, Helen and Erin. And one gorgeous twenty five year old with long, straight, black hair. Carol was the only one who was less than 5'10" at 5'6".

The five tallest young women had gorgeous, slim figures and full but firm breasts. Carol had 32" breasts while the others were about 34".

Magred smiled to herself as she looked over the small group. Some of them were married, but that shouldn't be a problem. She had managed to meet each of them and find out how each of them felt about going on a special, secret holiday.

The women were skeptical, so she had told them was that this was the time of the coming of the dragons. She told them that since the dragons had been driven into hiding thousands of years in the past, they only returned once every hundred years for a secret time with beautiful women.

Once all six women realized that it was going to be a fantasy holiday, they all felt sensual about it and agreed to go.

Magred gave them a map and told them they were to tell no one of their journey. She said that they wouldn't need much luggage, and that they ought to wear shorts and tee shirts. "White tee shirts and no bras should look good on such beautiful women" she said with a knowing smile.

At the appointed time, all six young women flew to London where they hired a car and drove to the final location as shown on the map. They passed through a small village where they made a reservation for the night before continuing on. There was an ancient stone wall with an old wood gate there, and a cabin about half a mile from it.

They drove to the cabin and were met by an old woman who smiled at them all and said that once through the gate, there would be no turning back. Also, they were to tell no one in the local village that they were coming here.

The young women returned to the village for the night, saying that somebody was obviously expecting them.

Next morning, the women donned Lara Croft shorts and tight white tee shirts. Carol looked at her friends and smiled. "We'll be lucky to get out of here with out being raped" she said.

They all chuckled as they noticed their nipples were quite visible through their shirts, even the pale pink ones of the blondes and redheads.

It was rather early when they left, so no one saw them head out of the village in the direction of the forbidden fence.

The car was parked near the old woman's cabin and she smiled at them as they headed off towards the gate.

Once they were through the gate and strolling along a path that was almost hidden in the tall grass, Jane said "It is rather balmy weather here. It was rather cold before we came through the gate."

The others agreed with her, as their nipples were still jutting tautly through their shirts from the cold air from the other side of the stone fence.

They continued walking for a couple of miles, and passed over a rise. There was a village ahead, and as they got closer to it, they saw that it looked ancient.

The cabins that jumbled together to make the village all looked to be hand built. The buildings had no paint on them, and the people that came out to watch them as they were dressed in medieval type clothing.

The six young women's eyes were drawn to the men of the village. Julie said it all for them when she said "Look, Conan the Barbarian." There were twelve of them.

The men were dressed in loin cloths and nothing else. And they looked like a sexy woman's dream. They were heavily built and very muscular. They all had long black hair and were wearing big grins.

Alanna, Julie, Jane, Helen, Erin and Carol gazed in awe at the guys as they were welcomed into the village of Draconica.

"Dragon Village" murmured Carol as the men separated from the rest of the villagers and led the young women to a large hall and sat them at a long table. There was a man on each side of the women and the hall was lit by candles.

Even the women of the village were excited to see the six beautiful young women. After several minutes they brought out breads and mead for them as they sat around the table.

The villagers were full of questions about the outside world, but the visitors were full of questions about the dragons.

The village women rolled their eyes and said that their six beautiful visitors would find out soon enough. One of them chuckled and said that they were to settle into village life for a while.

After a few drinks and lots of talking, the women were feeling quite relaxed. It had been a long walk from the stone fence and a long drinking session, so they weren't surprised when it got dark and a meal was brought in to them.

They smiled at each other as they realized that the meal must have already been prepared. They were obviously expected.

Carol asked when they might see a dragon, and one of the women said that it would be several days before the dragons came.

As the meal progressed, the six young women were being cuddled by the men on either side of them. After a while, Carol noticed that the man on her right was aroused. His erection jutted up and was almost pushing his loin cloth aside. He must be big, she thought to herself. The other five women stopped talking as they noticed that the men beside them were sexually aroused.

Julie chuckled quietly as the women looked around at each other with knowing smiles. Carol said "I think we might have a hot date tonight, by the look of things."

Helen frowned and said "But I'm married!"

Carol laughed and replied, "So am I, but I don't think these guys are likely to take no for an answer."

After the meal was finished the men on either side of Helen stood up and helped her to stand. The others laughed as she was led towards the door.

Helen protested a bit as the rest of the men stood up and began leading the other five towards the door.

Carol called softly to Helen and said "Don't worry, Helen. Just enjoy it all as part of the holiday. Your husband will never know."

Helen looked a little anxious as she looked over her shoulder at the others. She relaxed a little, though, and allowed herself to be led through the door and towards a long, wide building not far from the hall. The women of the village were standing around outside, watching them being led towards the other building. They all had knowing smiles on their faces.

The women were led into the hall, and started to laugh. All except Helen! There were six big beds lined up on the opposite wall. They all had a large candle sitting on a bedpost, casting a romantic glow around the room.

It was obvious to the women that they were expected to let these men fuck them. Each of them was led to a bed by their two men.

The men stood back and waited, and at the same time, removed their loin cloths. The women gazed in awe at the men's erections. It seemed as if the two men for each woman was hand picked for the size of their penis. One of the men had an erection of between eight and nine inches, and the other seemed to between ten and eleven inches. The erections were also very thick. Much thicker than they'd seen on other men!

Jane said "I guess they are waiting for a striptease" and she slipped her tee shirt over her head, letting her beautiful breasts swing free. Julie followed suit and the men's eyes became glued to swaying breasts as the other four women removed their tee shirts as well.

Helen was looking scared, so carol called to her again, saying "Come on Helen! It will be just like your husband, only better."

The others smiled at her as they removed their shorts. Helen reluctantly removed hers as the other five lay on the beds.

The twelve men, two to each naked woman, climbed onto the beds, one on either side of the women, and immediately started to caress their breasts.

Helen was pushed backwards onto the bed and fell across it. One of the men climbed onto the bed and kissed her while the other knelt at her knees. He grasped her knees in either hand and moved his mouth to her sex.

As Julie, Jane, Carol, Erin and Alanna started to enjoy what was happening to them, Helen stiffened up.

As the women stroked the men's erections, enjoying the feel of soft skinned hardness, they were also enjoying having their breasts caressed, their nipples sucked and their clits fondled.

All of them except Helen were already aroused to varying degrees and it wasn't long before the man with the shorter of the erections was pressing a swollen purplish glans against moist labia.

The women were more than eager to open their thighs wide to accommodate those deliciously long cocks.

Helen was struggled a bit as the man between her thighs was trying to lick and suck her clitoris. She moaned in anxiety rather than pleasure, but he forced her legs apart and was able to reach his goal.

Helen stopped struggling as a series of thrills rippled through her body in response to his licking and sucking.

She stopped struggling as pleasure slowly built up in her pelvis and she felt the first suggestion of lubricant moistening her vagina, readying it for sexual use by the men.

Carol felt that the man who was fucking her enthusiastically was very large, but her pelvis was heaving to meet his thrusts and the first orgasm rippled through her naked beauty.

The others were moaning in orgasmic splendor as they were fucked by their men as well. The men's lust grunts echoed around the large room as they pumped the women's vaginas with their hard cocks.

After a while, the men started orgasming. The first of them was the man so vigorously fucking Carol, as she had the tightest love-sheath. He pumped his hot semen deep into her love and rolled off her, allowing the second man to mount her.

The second man to mount Carol had to be careful as he pressed the thick, hard length of his cock into her love. The thick glans slowly stretched her slippery love-lips as he pressed it into her. He was holding himself up with a hand on either side of Carol's ribs, allowing them both to watch it disappear into her slippery flesh. It slid deeper and deeper into her and she moaned at the fullness that it gave her.

As he slowly slid his cock into her, Carol glanced over at Helen and saw that the first man was still pumping her womanhood with his hard cock. She smiled as she realized that Helen was pleasuring. She could see her hips rocking in time to the man's thrusts.

Then the man was fully inside her, and Carol exclaimed "Oh! Fuck! That feels good! I was worried that you wouldn't fit!"

The man replied "So were we!"

Carol frowned and realized that the reason they were all being fucked by these men was to make sure they could all take a big cock. She put her arms around the man's neck and murmured "I think you'd better fuck me good and hard."

Before her mind was drowned in a haze of pleasure, Carol realized that she and her friends were going to service the dragons. The dragons were going to fuck them.

Then she forgot everything as the man's huge cock pleasure-fucked her again and again.

After the women had all been thoroughly fucked by the men, they were allowed to rest. But Helen was still being fucked after all the other women had been finished with.

Alanna grinned and called the girls to come and watch. They all stood around with big smiles as Helen rocked her pelvis to meet the man's thrusts. Her arms were thrown over her head and she was moaning as her body was vigorously jerked by the man's thrusts.

The man was supporting himself with a hand on either side of her ribs and her beautiful breasts were jiggling up and down as she was fucked to orgasm.

The man started his lust grunts as he neared orgasm and Helen started to cry out breathlessly as she came. The man came then, pumping his hot semen deep into her love as she wrapped her lovely long legs around his hips.

Helen opened her eyes as the man withdrew his cock from her pleasured flesh and she looked around at her friends.

She grinned at them and said "I guess I was fucked then! Really fucked!"

"I think you better trade your husband in on one of these models, Helen. He's nothing compared to these studs."

Helen just giggled. Then when she stood up, she started chuckling. She pointed to their thighs. They looked down and saw semen dripping down their thighs. They'd been so interested in seeing Helen being fucked they hadn't felt the warm drips sliding down their thighs.

They all returned to their beds and tried to sleep. It took a while, as they were still keyed up from the intense pleasuring they'd received from the well hung studs.

Next morning the women got up and found that there were work clothes beside their beds and their own clothes had been taken away.

They donned the clothing and went to the hall for breakfast. They hadn't seen a wash room so they were still feeling sexually used.

Carol said "I wouldn't have minded if those guys had stayed the night. An early morning fuck would have been wonderful."

Helen replied "Oh Carol, you are incorrigible."

Julie chuckled and said "H, o, r, n, y doesn't spell incorrigible, Helen! Didn't you learn to spell?"

They entered the hall where a breakfast was already on the table for them. As they ate, Carol thought she'd keep her ideas about the dragons to herself for the time being.

After breakfast, the six women were taken into the fields and put to work. They had never harvested grain before, but it didn't do them any harm

The village women were all smiles as they told the six women they could wash in the communal washroom before they went to the fields. 

They all went out to the fields later, and had an enjoyable day. When they returned to the village, they asked where the men were.

"Oh" said one of the women, "Once you are found suitable, we keep them away from you." The village women were all smiles as they let that piece of information sink in.

A week later, Magred came to the village and spoke to them. She said that the dragons were coming and they were to go to the castle up on the ridge.

They looked up and saw ancient stone work along the top of the ridge a mile or so away. They hadn't noticed it before.

Carol thought it was about time. The six of them were all feeling horny after a week of exercise in the fields.

The village women brought out some clothing and Magred said to put it on. The six women had to strip and when they had put on the garments, they felt sexy.

The thin white material was a cape that hung down the back and down the front. There were no sides and they were obviously made to let male eyes get a tantalizing view of soft female flesh and curves.

Magred led them to the Castle gates, but wouldn't go inside, so they had to explore to find out what was what.

There was food in a kind of ancient kitchen, cold meats and fruit. There was a large pool in a huge central room and the water was tepid. There were no other washing facilities.

There was a huge room with six huge beds in it. The beds were just mattresses with no covers. Helen looked at the beds and exclaimed "I think I'm getting ideas about these dragons!"

Carol laughed and jumped onto one of the beds, bouncing and spread-eagling her beautiful body. "I knew it" she giggled. "We are going to be fucked by dragons! Should be interesting!"

Alanna spoke up then "So that's why we were found suitable. These dragons must be well hung! Like those guys last week! Only maybe more so!?"

Jane answered, saying "I hope so! I could take a bit more size, I'm sure."

That evening, the six of them had been swimming in the pool when they all looked up and saw a dragon eyeing them from the large doorway.

They all stood up and gazed in awe at his sleek, scaly hide, his strong wing muscles, his powerful thighs, and jutting up from between his thighs was an erection that looked almost a foot long. The glans was a pointed, purplish knob that glistened with pre-cum, and the thick shaft also glistened.

The women all thought that the dragon's penis was self lubricated, and at the same time, they felt an overpowering lust for the dragon to fuck them.

They all realized that the dragon was controlling their minds somehow, but they didn't care about that. They all wanted to be ravished by that gorgeous big cock.

Alanna was the first to approach the dragon, and as she stood before him in all her naked beauty, looking up at his seven foot height, there was no mistaking the lust in his golden eyes.

She knelt in front of him and reached out both hands to feel the huge erection. She felt the silky soft skin covering the hard flesh underneath it. As she ran her hands down the length of the shaft, she felt him shudder with lust for her beautiful body. 

His maleness was slick with lubrication and Alanna shuddered as she felt a thrill of submissive wanting ripple through her breast and loins.

The other five were also out of the pool, but standing back, watching Alanna caress the dragon's huge erection. They had slipped their white robes on as they watched.

Alanna stood up and led him wordlessly to the large room with the beds and as she lay back on it, she felt her own readiness for the dragon's lust. She wanted him to thrust that gorgeous male hardness into her tender love sheath.

The dragon climbed onto the bed and crouched over her. His hands cupped her upthrust breasts, his clawed fingers teasing the nipples to stiffly pouting points. His forked tongue slid over her body and between her thighs.

Alanna started to moan with desire and the dragon lifted her pelvis as he slid his thighs under her thighs, allowing his erection to reach her moist flesh.

As he pulled Alanna towards his cock, the tip pressed into her flesh, spreading her labia and making her gasp with pleasure. As he pulled harder, his thick glans stretched her love-flesh to accommodate his lust engorged cock.

He pulled harder, and Alanna cried out as she felt the hugeness of his cock stretch her flesh, pleasuring her deliciously as it filled her completely.

He then leaned forward, watching her face as he rocked back and forth, driving his cock in and out of her love.

The other women were crowded around the bed watching Alanna being fucked. She was gasping in time to the dragon's powerful thrusts, and his lust-grunts echoed her gasps. Her beautiful breasts bounced up and down as she was fucked.

Occasionally she arched her back and cried out "Oh ... fuck ... Oh ... fuck my cunt!" Then, after almost five minutes of vigorous thrusting, Alanna cried out "I'm cumming ... I'm cumming...."

The dragon also came then, grunting loudly as his hot jism spurted rhythmically into Alanna's pleasuring flesh.

The dragon withdrew his huge length from Alanna's love and the others were amazed as they watched the thick length being pulled out of her sex.

Alanna smiled up at the dragon as he got off the bed and wandered out. She stretched out on the bed, arching her beautiful, freshly fucked body as she smiled at the five other women. "That was fantastic" she said. "It's the best fuck I've ever had! My cunt feels ... well ... I guess it feels splendid! Splendidly used!"

A little later, another dragon appeared at the door. He was very much like the first one, and Carol went to him.

She did the same as Alanna, kneeling in front of the dragon and caressing his huge erection. Then she stood and led him to another of the beds.
