 NOTE: Author's Notes: Hello everyone! To those of you returning to this story and thinking "What the hell happened?", don't worry. Long story short, I was unhappy with the way that my newest story was going, because I was limited by the standards that I had already set in my previous stories. This new version features many plot changes, with some new parts added in and other parts taken out. The main difference is that I switched the drugs from being a syringe to a pill, since it seemed kinda ridiculous that nobody in these stories has a problem with needles. I also dropped the diabetes subplot because it's not longer necessary, and therefore the first part of this story was redone entirely.

Also, I will say for the sake of saying it that my name is NOT actually Zach Bucek, for the one dumbass reading this who might actually think it is.

Aside from that, normal story rules still apply: All characters are fictional, all characters involved in sex are 18 or older, etc.

———————————————————

I walked into the kitchen, not even bothering to turn on the light with all the late spring morning light coming in through the windows. I quickly pulled out a bowl and prepared some cereal, eager to get going before my parents woke up. They always made me help them with some chore before I left, which I really didn't feel like doing today. I gulped down the whole bowl in less than 5 minutes, and was just starting to wash the bowl when my sister came in. 

She never bothered to make cereal, rather preferring to snack on my parent's energy bars for breakfast. She didn't say anything as she did, but instead motioned to the bottles of pills sitting on the window sill by the sink, before walking out of the kitchen towards the front door. I nodded, and finished cleaning the bowl before sticking it in the dishwasher.

Just as I did, the daily reminder on my phone went off, and I quickly pulled it out of my pocket. It read "Take pill". I pushed stop and put it back in my pocket. I leaned over and grabbed one of the bottles, the one with "For Zach" written on the cap.

That's my name, by the way. Zach Bucek. I'm a senior in high school, just turned 18 a few months ago. I'm a somewhat popular guy at my school, being the most likely Valedictorian candidate for graduation in a month or two. I'm not exactly a social butterfly type, so I don't have many friends, though I'm on good terms with most people at my school. I'm pretty fit, at least compared to many of my peers, and am in fact the captain of my baseball team this year.

I was thinking about how lucky we were to have Coach go on vacation this week (which meant no practice this week) when I unscrewed the lid of the bottle. Unfortunately for me, I must have gotten the recessive gene for acne, because I had some really bad acne on my face and back. I've been taking acne medication for years now, with mixed results.

I'd been using this specific type of medication for awhile now, so I was pretty surprised when I found an out-of-place pill sitting on top of the others. While the others were small and brownish-red, this one was yellow and much larger. At first, I thought someone else in the family must have put one their extra pills into my bottle by accident the previous night, but then I realized that no one in my family used pills like this. I stood there for a moment, perplexed as to what to do.

Honestly, I don't why I did it. Maybe it was curiosity. Maybe it was the anxiousness of being late to school that made me rush my decision. Maybe it was just fate. In any case, I plopped both this strange pill and one of my normal pills into a small glass of water, tipped my head back, and drank them both down. I quickly washed the glass out and went outside.

For a few hours, nothing happened. Me and my sister walked down to school (it was only a few blocks away), and went about our daily classes. Within an hour, I had already forgotten about the strange pill.

Then around lunch time, I started to feel a little dizzy. Nothing much, just a little nausea and a pain in my stomach that made me decide to skip eating lunch that day. Now, a normal person would probably have gone to the office, but I have a habit of ignoring problems. After all, I was aiming for the best attendance award, and so nothing short of vomiting or fainting was going to get me to go home. A little bit of nausea was nothing.

As the feeling of dizziness got worse, the lunch bell rang, and I headed off to English 12. English 12 wasn't the worst class I had that year, but it certainly wasn't the easiest. Still, at least I could usually pay attention in there.

Not today, though; today, it seemed almost impossible to listen. Sure, the teacher was always giving her lectures in that monotone voice of hers that wasn't exactly inviting, but that wasn't the problem today.

I've never experienced vertigo before, but I know a few people who have, and based on what they told me, I imagine this was what it felt like. I was just sitting there, staring blankly forwards, feeling like I was about to throw up and fall head over heels, and I had no idea why. I had been feeling fine just 20 minutes earlier, and now I felt like complete shit. I was now seriously considering asking if I could go to the office, but as stated earlier, I don't like drawing attention to myself, and that anxiety kept me rooted to my seat.

My great common sense, striking again.

At one point in the lecture, the teacher noticed that I wasn't paying attention and asked "Um, Zach? Earth to Zach?"

"Oh, uh, yeah, what?"

"Do you know how many plays Shakespeare wrote?"

I stammered an answer that I had memorized before, and the teacher responded "Good, now don't fall asleep on me." A few students chuckled at that.

Did she really not notice how sick I looked? Or did I even look that sick? No one else seemed to notice my discomfort.

After awhile, she gave us work time on a project we had started a few days ago, and while I wasn't quite as dizzy anymore, I still couldn't seem to focus on getting anything done. A few minutes in, one of my few friends, Sandy, came over and asked if we wanted to work together; Sandy can be pretty lazy. Usually, I would have said yes, but I could barely concentrate on my own project, much less do his too, so I denied his request. He frowned and asked if I was okay. I said I was, and he just shrugged and walked away.

I might not make the best choices when it comes to who my friends should be...

When the bell rang, I managed to pick up my things and get to my locker without colliding into anybody or falling unconscious like I feared I would. However, once there, I couldn't get to my locker; two people were standing in front of it. Even though she was facing away from me, I recognized Whitney first.

Whitney Hall was basically my counterpart; she was popular, funny (although usually by accident), athletic (she ran Track), and beautiful; she had shoulder length, straight blonde hair, blue eyes, thin cheeks, and a pretty nice rack and ass on a slim body.

However, she wasn't quite as bright as I was. In fact, over the years, her friends had given her the nickname "Whit", to poke fun at her intelligence. Hell, her boyfriend Caleb even called her "Whit-Whit", which I found really irritating, not because I thought it was mean, but because its just annoying to hear. 

Speaking of which, Caleb was the other person standing there. Caleb was big and tough, though not too smart and nice. Why he and Whitney had gotten together, I never knew. What I DID know was that his locker was right next to mine, which was why Whitney was standing in front of my locker. I couldn't tell what they were talking about, but I didn't want to interrupt, both because it would be rude, and because I didn't think I would have had the concentration to have an extended conversation.

Instead, I just leaned against the wall a few lockers down, just waiting for one of them to notice me and get the message to move out of the way. It took a minute, but Caleb finally saw me, nodded at me, and walked away; me and him and gotten into fights before (verbally and even physically), and over time, we had learned to respect each other.

When Whitney turned around to see me, she didn't pursue Caleb, and instead began talking with me as I grabbed my materials for my final class. "Oh, hey Zach, how are you doing?"

"Oh, uh... fine, I'm doing fine."

"Oh, well... that's great to hear. Where are you going next?"

"Um..." I was struggling to even remember where I was going next? Maybe I SHOULD have gone to the office! "I'm heading to Weather and Climate. Why do you ask?"

"Weather and Climate? Oh yeah, that's right, you're in my class!" She said with that trademarked smirk of her's, "It's hard for me to remember, since you're always sitting in the back."

"Hm..." I said as I pulled out my materials and started down the hall, "Well, you know me; I like it quiet and alone."

Whitney followed me closely as we went to our next class. Well, at least at first; I started feeling dizzy again, and so she pulled ahead of me. The feeling quickly passed, but then I realized I now had a fine view of her ass and legs, which were clearly outlined with her black leggings, so I didn't bother pulling back ahead of her.

The bell rang just as we entered the classroom, and we took our seats. I sat alone at one of the tables in the back of the room, while Whitney sat with her friends directly in front of me. In total, we only had about a dozen kids in this class; Weather and Climate was a class filled with either Freshman who needed to fill a class slot or Seniors who wanted an easy class their final year. The teacher was a laid-back, let-the-kids-do-it-themselves kind of guy, and usually just gave us videos to watch and assignments to complete. Today, it was a 10 minute video, and a small packet with questions about what we watched. 

I watched the video, only understanding small portions of it. When I tried to answer the questions, I once again couldn't seem to think or concentrate. After about 15 minutes of just sitting there doing nothing, I decided 'fuck it, I'll just fool around. Clearly, I'm not getting any work done today anyways'.

I pulled out my phone, but kept it hidden behind the table; our school had a no-phones during work time policy, punishable by confiscation. I checked my email, before moving onto my social media pages, and yet I still couldn't stay concentrated. Well, not so much concentrated as interested; there wasn't really anything to see.

Then I noticed a certain promoted tweet on my twitter feed. Normally, I wouldn't have even read promoted tweets (they're almost always about I stuff I don't care about), but this one was advertising those brand new wonder drugs. 

Yeah, THOSE drugs.

See, by this point, I had already been seeing ads like this for months now; they came from that one damn company (which was making a killer fortune off its new products, by the way), and they could do amazing -some would say 'supernatural' - things, like slowing down aging, drastically enhancing your body, or even allowing you to morph into someone else. Hell, there were literally THOUSANDS of videos on the internet of people showing off their new abilities. The one that sticks out to me most was a video of a girl who morphed into her ex-boyfriend and went around 'pretending' to be him; I say pretending because she was being a total douchebag to everyone she saw, in order to ruin his reputation.

How something like this ever got FDA approved is still a mystery to me...

Despite all this evidence, there were still some people who thought this was all a cleverly disguised hoax. Many others, like myself, had simply stopped caring about them; yeah, they had been crazy cool when people first learned about them, to the point where it was all most people at school talked about in their free time. The conversations ranged from how much it would cost to buy (or steal) some, to who in school might already be using them...

After a few months, though, the subject just seemed to get more boring to talk about. I figured that the hype would eventually disappear, and people would move on to other things. After all, only a few months ago, Fortnite had been the go-to discussion, and now that game was basically forgotten. I thought the same thing would happen here.

Oh, how naive I was...

After getting bored with my phone, I began to look around the room for something else to distract me. Now, at this point, I was starting to feel less dizzy and sick, so I probably could have gone back to work, but now I just didn't feel like it. It seemed like a pretty easy assignment, anyways; I could just do it tonight.

Eventually, I remembered my conversation with Whitney, and my eyes settled on her. She was still sitting in front of me, talking with her table partners - and clearly not working on the assignment either.

I chuckled a little at that. 'I'm not doing it because I feel like shit,' I thought, 'what's your excuse?'

Since she was facing away from me, I inevitably settled my eyes on her ass, which was clearly defined by her black yoga pants. I remember when I was younger that I was confused as to why yoga pants seemed to be becoming more popular with girls at our school as opposed to jeans, but now, I don't really mind them.

No, on the contrary...

Anyways, even though I fantasized about her (and many other girls, if I'm being honest), I knew there was almost no chance that I'd ever be able to get with her, since A) she already had a boyfriend (Caleb) and B) every other single guy in my grade wanted her too, and I knew I wasn't going to be her first pick.

Distantly, as I fantasized about her, I thought of feeling her ass, grabbing it, HAVING it, having HER. Then, suddenly, I felt my own ass cheeks involuntarily clench.

Then... it almost felt like they EXPANDED! 

I wasn't so much scared by this development as CONFUSED; it was a tingling feeling that I had never experienced before. The whole thing was over in two seconds.

I looked around to see if anyone had heard my slight gasp when it happened, but no one so much as glanced my way. I then looked over my shoulder to see if I could determine if they had gotten bigger. I couldn't visually confirm it (my neck isn't that flexible), but it sure FELT like they had; the back of my pants felt like they were about to rip!

Thoughts rapidly ran through my mind as I tried to figure what would cause such a thing to happen: was this some kind of allergic reaction? Had I caught some new, unknown disease? Was it something I ate? Or maybe...

I realized it HAD to be something to do with the pill I had used earlier, I was sure of it. But WHY?

After a moment, the answer dawned on me: I had used one of those wonder drugs that I had just been looking at. But how - or why - did one of those end up in my acne pill bottle? Had someone in my family snuck one in? No, probably not; even my sister wouldn't think of doing something like that, and besides, what would she get out of doing something like that?

So who HAD put it in there?

I didn't know, but either way, it didn't matter at that moment; I needed to confirm that I had used one - and there was only one way to do that.

However, before I could think of what part of my body to transform next, Whitney and some of her partners turned around and asked me "Hey, what's the answer to question fifteen? We can't figure it out."

"Oh, uhhh..." I had completely forgotten about the assignment! I quickly leaned forward and grabbed my pencil, trying to look like I had been working the whole time. "I, uh, I don't know, I haven't gotten that far."

"Really?" Whitney asked as the rest of her table partners turned back, disappointed. "I thought you would have finished by now."

She then leaned back and stretched, mumbling something about having been sitting down all day. As she did, I caught a brief glimpse of her toned stomach. 'Damn,' I thought, 'I didn't know she went to the gym, I thought she just focused on running for Track. I wonder how it feels to be that fit...'

Just then, I could feel that strange tingling sensation again, this time centered in my lower torso. Now, I'm not saying that I'm fat, but it felt like my entire stomach just shrank back in on itself, in just two seconds. You could have easily seen the difference if you had been watching me when it happened.

You know who DID see it? Whitney, who had been staring right at me when it happened.

But had she NOTICED it? (There's a difference between seeing and noticing)

I wanted to look down to see what had happened, but I needed to do my best to keep calm, to look like nothing had happened, and so I went back to work on the packet in front of me. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Whitney staring at me for a few more seconds, a suspicious look on her face, before she appeared to shrug and turn back around.

'Whew, close call there...' I thought.

Boy, was I wrong about that... but I'm getting ahead of myself.

Scared that I might turn fully into Whitney or someone else in front of the whole class, I got up and went to the teacher, hoping that no one would look up and see my expanded ass through my jeans or slimmer stomach through my T-shirt. He barely even looked at me when I asked if I could go use the restroom. He said I could, but told me to make it quick.

The restroom was just down the hallway from the classroom, thank God. When I entered the restroom, I was relieved to find no one else inside. The first thing I did was look in the mirror, and oh my, did I look WEIRD!

See, that last change didn't just make me look thinner, as I thought it had; it also shrank my whole torso! I had fallen almost half a foot, and I now looked super frail and dainty, or least I would have if it wasn't for my huge muscular arms, which now looked ridiculous on my smaller body. When I lifted up my shirt to inspect it closer, not only was my stomach more toned, but there was literally no body hair to speak of on my chest! In fact, the skin was super smooth, and I felt tingles when my fingers touched it.

Actually, if I ignored my oversized arms, and I only looked at everything between my hips and my neck... I could almost fool myself into thinking I was looking at a GIRL.

Well, if wasn't for the lack of any boobs on my chest. Have you ever seen a girl with literally no breasts to speak of? If not, then I can tell you first hand that it's actually quite a weird sight, especially if they're not wearing a shirt.

In the back of my mind, I imagined seeing Whitney's boobs on this smaller body of mine. Honestly, I'm not a fan of super massive boobs (or asses, for that matter), especially on thinner girls. Thankfully, Whitney's were just about perfect; they were big enough to be (potentially) cupped and seen through her shirt, but small enough that they weren't distracting or ridiculous-looking.

Suddenly, I felt that strange sensation again, this time in my chest. Then, right in front of my eyes, with no shirt on, my nipples hardened, and then expanded.

Now, my pecs were already somewhat large from exercise, but now, it seemed like the muscle in them turned into fat, before pushing outwards. Within just a few seconds, I had a full pair of boobs, just sitting there on my chest.

Now I REALLY looked like a girl!

The strange sensation was then replaced by a new feeling; I almost fell over from the unexpected new weight on my chest (Not that it was super heavy, I just didn't expect it). I was so shocked by this development - the fact that I now had real, female boobs - that I just stood there, staring in the mirror, for what felt like an eternity. After awhile, I stopped looking in the mirror, and looked down; I could barely see my legs past these new things!
