 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hello everyone! To those of you returning to this story and thinking "What the hell happened?", don't worry. Long story short, I was unhappy with the way that my newest story was going, because I was limited by the standards that I had already set in my previous stories. This new version features many plot changes, with some new parts added in and other parts taken out. The main difference is that I switched the drugs from being a syringe to a pill, since it seemed kinda ridiculous that nobody in these stories has a problem with needles. I also dropped the diabetes subplot because it's not longer necessary, and also changed the history of the drugs because there's now only two types (so far...)

Aside from that, usual Literotica rules apply: Characters are fake, Characters are over 18, etc.

*

Oh boy, what a day this has been...

First I learn that I have a outline due in Speech class, then I find out that my grandparents are coming over this weekend and that I'll be sleeping on the couch. Then I took the wrong pill this morning and accidentally became a shapeshifter, morphed from an average-looking guy into a copy of the hottest girl in school, and now said hottest girl in school (who just revealed that she too is a shapeshifter) is stopping me on my way out of school and getting me to admit what I did in the bathroom as her.

And you thought YOUR day was weird!

"WHEN did you take it?", Whitney repeated forcibly.

I considered just outright denying the accusation and continuing on my way, but she had correctly called out that I had been masturbating in a girl's body in the bathroom (whether she knew I had done it in HER body, I didn't know), so I knew there wasn't much use in doing so. 

"Well, uh..." I started, but then I decided to change the subject, "Hey, can we talk about this somewhere more private? I don't want people listening in." 

No one seemed to be listening in on us, but I didn't want to take any chances. Neither did Whitney, because she agreed. "I don't have to be anywhere later, anyways. Could I come to your house? I know it's not far from here."

How did she know where I lived? Ah, whatever, I had more important things to think about. "Um, sure, let's get going."

We walked in almost total silence as we headed towards my house. It was only two blocks from the school, and while it wasn't exactly the nicest place to live, but I liked it all the same. When we arrived, I saw that both of my parents' cars were gone, which was normal for 3:20pm on a weekday. My sister, being a member of the softball team, would be at practice until about 5pm. Still, just to be safe, we went down to my room (which was thankfully at the other end of the house from the front door), and then locked the door.

"Alright," I said, trying to start a conversation, "what do you know about the drugs? How do they work? As far as the rumors go, I thought you would have to actually touch someone in order to become them."

"That's what I thought too. Honestly, pretty much everything I learned came from Sandy when he gave me the 'gift' a few weeks ago." Whitney responded, sitting down on my bed. I barely even cared about the fact that one of my closest friends was dealing in some of the most powerful drugs ever created by man, as I was so enthralled by her voice. 

"I mean, that's how morphing works for me." she continued, "If we're correct, then that means that you had to have made contact with my body at some point after you took the drug and before the final class- speaking of which, you never told me how you got the power."

"Well..." I started, "I'm not quite certain myself. However, if I had to guess, it would have to be when I took my acne pill this morning, since I noticed the pill I took looked different than the rest. Then I felt like shitthis afternoon, and then... the incident happened."

Whitney chuckled. "Oh come on, we don't have to call it that, you sissy! We both know you were masturbating as a girl in there." She paused, and then asked "Be honest... did you morph into ME?"

I nodded. She smirked again, and stood up from the bed. "So... how did it feel, being a girl? Being ME? How did it feel to play with your own vagina?"

I swallowed. "Um... pretty good, I guess..."

"Oh Zack, you were never one for words, were you?" She stood only about a foot from my face now. "Valedictorian? Hah! In your dreams!"

Now it was my turn to smile. "Yeah? Well, good luck getting anywhere close to that yourself, Ms. 'I steal my answers from other people for money'!"

She started to interject, then paused, before finally saying "That was before. Now... the drug doesn't just give you the ability to shapeshift, you know. My sight, hearing, strength, speed, reaction time, memory and the like have been exponentially improved, as I've already demonstrated."

She moved away, neither of us saying anything for a moment; we were both lost in thought. Whitney began pacing around my (admittedly small) room, she changed the subject. "Well, let's suppose that you really did get it from the pill. The only point in time where you could've stolen my DNA would have been when we meet in the hallway before Weather and Climate class."

"I didn't touch you then, I'm sure of it." I responded quickly. I knew this to be true; you don't easily forget a conversation with the hottest girl in school.

"I know," Whitney said. "and here's the other thing. Long story short, I've been making it a point to take as many people's DNA as possible, just in case I need it for some reason." before I could interject, she stopped me. 'Yeah yeah, I know that that sounds immoral and whatnot, but it's not like it hurts most people when I steal DNA. Speaking of which..." 

She reached out and grabbed my arm, and held it for a few seconds before letting go. I felt some sort of static electricity as she did, and I told her as much. 

She responded that she'd would explain in a minute, but I still had to ask, "But what if you decided to turn into someone, and do something stupid or wrong as them? That doesn't seem fair to that person, since they did nothing wrong but are still getting blamed for it."

"And why would I do something like that?" She countered. "Pushing aside the fact that you know that I'm not the type of person to fuck with people's lives, there's still a lot of danger in doing stuff like that. What if I get captured and arrested by the police while committing a crime, or if someone with a smartphone - and god knows everyone has one on them these days - somehow records me morphing or performing some superhuman feat? And then..."

She paused, shuddering for dramatic effect, "That's not to mention what happens when you're found out to be a morpher."

I nodded in agreement. The federal government didn't any laws against these drugs since they were still fairly new (not to mention that the FDA and Congress have never been too fast), although some state governments were proposing bills that would make it illegal as a stop gap measure until the Fed could get its shit together. Socially, however, if you were even so much as ACCUSED of being a morpher, it could ruin your life. If it was PROVEN... well, you might not have a life at all for much longer. Most people still felt bad for the majority of morphers, however, since it was only a few individuals that actually committed major crimes.

Whitney continued her story. "Anyways, a few days ago I had gotten to the point where I was taking Caroline's DNA. You know her, right? Sandy's new girlfriend? I started a conversation with her, just to ease her, then nonchalantly brushed up against her arm and took her DNA. I suddenly felt something, felt like static electricity on my hand. I tried to brush it off by laughing, but Caroline just looked at me and asked 'You're a morpher too?' "

"Wait, wait, wait... you're saying that Caroline is a morpher? How did she know about you?" I asked. If Whitney hadn't also been a morpher, she could have ruined her entire social life.

"She's the girlfriend of the guy who's supplying the town, what did you expect? Anyways, she ended up explaining to me that if a morpher tries to take the DNA of another morpher, there's an automatic counter system that lightly shocks both users, letting them know that the other person is a morpher. When you touch a NORMAL person, however, you don't feel anything." 

She paused before continuing. "The thing is, I've never felt that shock when touching or being touched by anyone else... including you. Clearly, the drug type you took works differently than mine."

"Well, how do we find out what I can do now?" I asked. I half-expected her to tell me to try morphing into somebody, but instead she just gestured to the Computer monitor on my desk.

We ended up searching for the Company's website, which wasn't too hard. We spent the next half hour looking over at least a dozen pages, laughing and making fun of both each other and the constant ads that kept popping up on our screens. Buy 2 purple drug syringes for ONLY a million dollars? Yeah, no thanks.

Now, there was a surprising amount of information on their site (which was weird, considering all the fake rumors going around), although some parts were still kept classified and other parts used terms and phrases that I couldn't even begin to understand. The following is basically a summary of all the stuff we found, and it answered most of our questions.

(EXPOSITION TIME; just skip it if you find it boring) ____________________________________________________________________________

Years ago, a small group of independent scientists tried to create a drug that could slow down or even stop people from aging. After many trials and errors, they eventually found a solution: Nanomachines. They would inject self-replicating nanomachines contained in some kind of blue liquid (Hence the name "Purple Drug") into a person, which, through a painless and quick process, would deconstruct their body's cells and make them into a cyborg. 

(I asked Whitney about this, and she said that, while it was painless, the transformation was also slow and terrifying, describing how her skin had begun to flip, like Mystique from X-men. I'm sure you can find some youtube clip that shows what she's talking about.)

However, while this did actually work to slow down aging, it also gave the user superhuman sight, hearing, strength, speed, and all that other shit. Being responsible scientists, and not wanting to cause massive societal chaos with their new product, they tried to refine what they had created. However, either because of a huge unintentional fuckup or, more likely, intentional sabotage, instead of getting rid of all those superhuman abilities, they accidentally gave their users the abilities to read other people's DNA and literally allow the user to morph into that person. Further attempts to refine them only lead to the user being able to - and I'm not making this up - split into two or more bodies and still have simultaneous control over all of them. (I asked Whitney about this as well, and she said she had indeed tried it before. I half-expected her to do it in front of me, but she just told me to keep reading)

After realizing that they couldn't sell their product, and after going through all of their funding, the program was shut down. However, one scientist by the name of Damen Truman, not wanting to see his life's work go to waste, stole several vials of nanomachines and fled the country, before selling them on the Dark Web for ludicrous amounts of money. Amazingly, people still bought them, and the money he made allowed him to make more drugs. Eventually, after the drugs started to go mainstream, he started a company to manufacture them in pill form on a large scale.

At about the same time, another group of scientists working for the government had started a secret program called Project Mimic that was specifically supposed to allow the user to morph into someone else, but in a completely different way. See, the one problem with the Purple Drug is that it still requires you to find the person before you can become them, and if you were, say, trying to impersonate some third world dictator for some secret government mission, the likelihood of you getting close enough to take his DNA is pretty slim. 

The solution that they found was a very... CREATIVE one, to say the least. At least, that's what the website claimed; it didn't really go into specifics, probably so no one else could copy it. All it really said was that the drug allowed the user to morph into someone else without ever having to get their DNA.

Regardless, the program still had setbacks. By the time this happened, however, Truman was already making millions off of his drugs, and he decided to expand his business by hiring some of the former scientists of Project Mimic. After receiving a ridiculous amount of funding, the scientists fixed most of the flaws, added in the other superhuman abilities of the blue drug, and converted it to pill form as well.

I also found a couple references to another drug, the "Red" pill. I couldn't find much on it, other than it was still in the prototype phase and was "going down another path of morphing drug evolution", as the website put it. Not really relevant to this story, I just thought it was interesting...

Then, on a hunch, I tried to find the "Product Testing" page - only to find that they didn't have one, which I'm pretty sure is illegal. That by itself said a lot about this company.

It was at this point that I began to realize just how this thing had ended up my lap, and also why I had felt so sick after taking it. After all, this didn't seem like the most ethical company in the world, so it didn't surprised that they might test it on unsuspecting citizens. However, it DID creep me out knowing that they might somehow be monitoring me...

—————————————————————————————————————————

"Well, THAT was interesting." said Whitney after we finished. "At least now we know how this stuff works. Say..." she said with a sly look as she stood up from my desk, "if we have time, I think we should... TEST this out, just to be sure."

I paused for a second before answering; I knew what she had in mind, and I wasn't entirely sure if I wanted to go through with it. Still, having the hottest girl in school over to your house wasn't something that happened everyday, and the mere possibility that one or both of us might take off our clothes...

I nodded. She smiled and said "Good. Let's try something simple first... think of someone, a girl, that you saw at school today."

I closed my eyes and thought of all the hot girls I had seen today. There was Alyssa, Caroline, Sabreya, Jenna, Molly, Kailee... ah yes, Kailee! I still preferred Whitney over her, but I think she's pretty undervalued at our school. 

I gave her my pick. "Really? That wasn't what I expected... anyways, picture her in your mind. Now BECOME her."

I imagined Kailee in my head as best as I could, then imagined becoming her. I could feel the now familiar feeling of my torso and limbs shrinking, my face remodeling, my hair growing, my chest expanding, my skin becoming more smooth, and my dick shrinking back into my body as my DNA was altered to become that of Kailee's. I opened my eyes, and saw Whitney smiling at me. I turned to face the mirror, and saw Kailee looking back at me. Even though I had already seen this process earlier, I was just as amazed as before.

I moved toward the mirror, a huge grin on my face. With her long brown hair, her heart-shaped face, and athletic and skinny body, Kailee was pretty hot. In fact, she was so hot that it took me a few seconds to realize just how dumb I looked with my large boyish clothes on my small feminine body.

The Blue Drug must have given Whitney mind reading abilities (or more likely, just better awareness) or something, because at that same moment, she said "Here, let's have a better look." and lifted my shirt off.

Now, I was looking at a TOPLESS Kailee, which was easily ten times better. Like I said earlier, I like my Goldilocks Boobs; not too big, not too small. Not only that, but seeing her toned stomach turned me on even more (it would have easily given me a huge boner if I still had my dick...)

Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Whitney in the mirror doing something... impossible, to say the least. I had to turn around and look directly at her to visually confirm it; she was sucking up her clothes into her body, until she was completely naked. I couldn't help but stare; yeah, I had seen her naked body before when I had morphed into her earlier, but seeing the REAL Whitney standing naked before me was somehow even better. 

I must have looked more confused than happy, because she just shrugged and said "Hey, I asked you to get naked, I felt this was fair." I was more confused on HOW she did that then WHY (turns out that's another one of her side abilities), but I didn't say anything. 

"Speaking of which..." she continued, "I want you to morph into me again."

This took me by complete surprise. "Wait, WHAT?" I was somehow shocked to hear Kailee's voice coming out of my mouth.

"You heard me." Whitney replied, hands on hips. "Take off your pants and undies, and do it."

I sighed, and took off the rest of my clothes. I was surprised to see that, in complete contrast to Whitney, Kailee's pussy was almost completely unshaven. I snuck a quick look back at mirror when finished, so that I could get a glimpse of her ass. The mirror was too high, sadly, but then I realized that I could become her anytime I wanted, so I moved on.

Just as I closed my eyes and began to picture Whitney, she grabbed my hand. "Wait a sec... I want to see you morph your body parts separately."

When I opened my eyes in confusion, she clarified, "I want you to morph only one body part at a time, so we can both see the difference. Trust me, you'll want to see this too."

I had already seen it earlier in the bathroom, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to try. I started with my arms and legs, since they changed the least, only really changing in skin tone, becoming slightly lighter. Next were the feet and hands, which changed ever so slightly in shape, although they did drastically change in nail polish. Next was the vagina, which became completely shaven. Then came the torso, which shrunk by an inch or two. Next came the boobs, which slightly expanded. 

Then came the real excitement, the head; I could tell Whitney was watching intently. I watched as my dyed brown hair became light blond. I felt a feeling in my eyes, and when I blinked, I saw that they had changed from green to blue. Finally, my face changed ever so slightly, until I looked completely like Whitney from head to toe.

I stared at the mirror, fixated on my new (naked) body. It was only when the body started moving that I realized that I was actually looking at the REAL Whitney's reflection as she moved behind me, which just goes to show how distracted I was.

Whitney moved behind me, still staring at my face in the mirror. I felt her soft skin on my back, her breath on my neck. I wasn't quite sure where this was going.

"I'll ask again." She whispered into my ear in an almost lustful tone, "How does it feel to be a girl?"

Before I could even answer, she slid her hands over my shoulders and began rubbing my new breasts. I had already played with her boobs on my body earlier in the bathroom, but now, with someone else doing it, it somehow felt even better. I let out a soft moan in her voice.

She turned me around and began fully fondling my boobs, and it felt like nothing I had experienced before. I leaned against the wall, my hands grabbing onto hers, moaning much louder. God, her moans sounded so sexy...

I don't know why I did what I did next, but I did it anyways. One of my hands shot away from her hand, and went towards her pussy, lightly rubbing it. Her eyes opened in shock; now it was her turn to be surprised.
