 During the gray light before dawn, I felt the warm body of a woman next to me. Half asleep, I inhaled her scent, feeling my erection pressing against her smooth backside. I sighed to her as I ran my hands along her ribs, lazily kneading her breasts. Kissing her back, I pulled her hips to mine, shifting her angle until I lined up along her hairy slit and began working my way inside her delicate folds. Long, slow strokes, pressing a little deeper each time. Her passage slickened as I worked her channel, her soft whimpers reaching my half-awake ears. Pleasure built, and as it grew, I pressed further into her depths. Firmer I gripped, pulling her hips to meet me. And as easy as taking a breath, my cock began spewing into her depths. I murmured to her as the pulsations along my shaft ran up my crown and shot sticky warmth within her body. I heard her long, gentle sigh, and staying within her, I pulled her back into my arms, and nuzzling her, drifted back to sleep.

A few hours later, I awoke. Calia lay beside me, facing me, her normally warm brown eyes were sad as she watched me come awake. Dried tears were visible on her face.

"What's wrong?" I asked, wiping the sleep from my eyes.

"Who--who is Janetta?"

I took a long breath. She deserved to know. But before I could say anything, comprehension dawned on her face.

"You've found someone else," she said, looking away, her eyes blinking rapidly. "Ranji, do you intend to discard me?"

"Oh, no, Calia. Never." I drew her into my arms, kissing her forehead. "You are a part of this household. No, dear Calia. I promised you a long time ago I would always take care of you. Even if we are not lovers, I will not desert you."

"Not lovers?" Her breath caught. "Then you love her?"

"I do. She's a strong and proud warrior, but she is afraid to love. I hope she will decide I am worth the risk."

She took my hand in hers, kissing it gently, cradling it lovingly as she regained her composure. "You are worth the risk, Ranji. Never let anyone tell you otherwise." Clutching my hand, she pulled it to the valley between her breasts.

My heart ached because I knew I'd wounded her heart, and yet here she was giving me comfort, reassuring me.

"If she rejects you, promise that you will send for me? I will take good care of you." She looked at me hopefully, her eyes full.

I kissed her forehead again. "You always have. And yes, I promise you true, Calia."

Nodding her acceptance of my promise, she wiped her eyes and nose with the back of her hand. "And have you thought of my petition?"

"Not right now, Calia. It's not a good time." This one would have to wait until after things with Janetta were settled, one way or another.

But she persisted. "It's never a good time to have children. They take energy and aren't convenient, but they make us greater than we are alone. It takes hope to have them and they give us hope in return."

"I said no, Calia."

Again she closed her eyes, drawing a ragged breath. "I'm so lonely without you, Ranji. If I can't be with you, at least give me your child, so I have someone who is a part of you to hold and love while you are away from me."

"If I have a child, I want to be a part of his life, like a proper father."

"You're a warrior," she countered. "Like a nomad, you are drifting from place to place, wherever the Empire sends you. I love you, Ranji. And I am desolate when you are gone. I would teach our child to love you, too." She looked at me, pleading. "Think of your parents--"

"Calia! That is totally unfair!"

"You know they would love your child."

"That's not the point and you know it. Better for me to pay the caste fee and make you a free woman." Mother had mentioned her desire for me to have children during my last visit.

Calia rolled her eyes, exasperated. "How many credits do you have? Fifty thousand? Sixty? I'm a personal servant, part of the Indentured Caste. For five thousand credits, I can become Servant Caste. I have cleaning skills, but if I continued to sleep with you, the other servants would call me whore. You could pay ten thousand credits and buy me some land and I can move up another level and become a free farmer. And then I will starve because I have no farming skills. Unless you plan on marrying me off to some country dullard that I don't even know? By the merest letter of your promise, that would be taking care of me. No? Well, then, for a mere twenty-five thousand credits, I can rise three levels and become a merchant, but without a husband to protect me, what have I to sell but my own body? Whoring is technically a guild trade. It's at the bottom, but still a guild trade and one I have some passing skill at--"

"Stop."

Calia barreled on. "It would take fifty thousand credits to make me Guild, and I would not drain your Trust Fund just so I could become a whore in both name and fact. I was bought to take care of you, Ranji. You, not strangers." She shook her head. "And I would die of shame if you burdened your parents with this plan. I can never repay them for all they have given me. They have given me literature, music, philosophy, science, and they gave me to you. I live better than many who are free. No, Ranji. Keep your money. I am your bondswoman. I am close to the man I love, even if just for this moment. I choose servitude and love over freedom and an unfulfilled heart any day."

I sighed. There was a flaw in her argument. Personal servants could be emancipated to the prostitute trade for only five thousand credits, but she would be locked in the trade for the rest of her life, literally branded to it, unless she found someone to marry her after her transition. She could marry anyone but me, for I would have to swear I was discarding her, casting her out because I was dissatisfied with her abilities, her character, her reliability. And I had promised I would not do that to her, so it really wasn't an option.

I always thought the law against marrying a Servant or an Indentured person unfair. The only way around it was the route Calia had just explained, by expending an enormous amount of credits, making the option only open to the very wealthy. I suspected my parents would willingly help, but Calia was my personal servant, and thus my responsibility.

Her confidence and debating skills had improved much since I entered the Air Service. Which prompted me to ask, "Do my parents still have their discussions together?"

"They do. For the past six years, except for very brief visits, their beloved son has been away. Missing you so much, in their kindness they allow this grateful servant to commiserate with them over your absence."

Ouch. "I was joking earlier when I said they loved you as much as I. Now I suspect they would chose you over me, their prodigal son."

"Ranji! How could you say such a thing? Your mother and father adore you!"

"Loyal, devoted, caring." I caressed her cheek. "That is why I will never turn you out, sweet Calia."

"You were only testing me! Well, I am true to you and to your family, Ranji." She kissed my hand again. "How long are you here for this time?"

"Three days. I must leave on the fourth."

"So short a time!" She closed her eyes, biting her lip. "And how many months before your next visit home?"

"In another four months, I will have two weeks coming."

With a catch in her breath, she reached down, fondling my cock. "Then while you are here, I ask that you use me as often as you can, Ranji. Give me memories to ease my heart until I see you again."

With one hand, she tugged at my hip, pulling at it while she maneuvered underneath me. I slid a hand between her legs, feeling her fur and the groove of flesh nestled underneath. There was heat but no moisture. I began to move down.

"No, Ranji! We don't have much time. Take me quickly! Your parents ... breakfast .. you ... you ... oh!" Without further protest, she lifted her legs, spreading them for me, and I licked up the first few drops of her sweet nectar, sipped as she began to leak, and then drank as she finally gushed out her pleasure, crying out in joyful release.

Now that her body was ready for me, I put my hands under her butt and lined up my cock to her swollen lips. Calia eagerly guided me to her entrance, and I slid into her welcoming wet pussy as she wrapped herself around me. As I thrust into her sheath, Calia humped back, huffing and moaning. Slick juices spilled from her frothing center, and we slid and moved faster together, thrust and counter-thrust. She looked at me with lust and love, happy to take what I had to give as she yielded herself to me. When the passion took me I drove harder into her, my hips slapping against hers. Her eyes met mine as my cock swelled within her slick sheath. I held her firmly, embedding my shaft within her wet, throbbing center. Anticipation filled her face.

"Sweet Calia!"

With the first hot splash of sperm against her inner walls, Calia arched. "Ranji! Ahhh!" Then she bucked, trying to ride my cock, seeking all the seed I had to give her.

Hearts pounding and gasping for air, we ground against each other while we rode the waves of pleasure emanating from our union. Even as it faded, we remained linked. Rolling till we were on our sides, we held each other while we gulped for air and kissed, focused on the moment of here and now. The future was a crossroads yet to arrive.

When I finally slipped out, we were a sticky, sweaty mess smelling of sex. Calia insisted we bathe instead of showering. Seeing the look in her eyes, I gave in.

In the large bathroom -- almost as large as my bedroom -- we both drank large glasses of cool water. As I stepped into the hot water, Calia turned on the jets of the bathing pool. Then she grabbed the brushes and soaps and lathered me up, thoroughly scrubbing my body. My skin felt raw, but alive and good. It had been a long time since I'd been so well cleaned. I returned the favor, washing and rubbing in the soap everywhere. By her flushed face, hard nipples and the noises she made, it was apparent she enjoyed the attention. I was ready to take her from behind when there was a knock at the door.

"Who is it?" I called.

"Stashim, Sir. Your mother and father wish to know whether you will be having breakfast with them on the veranda or whether you wish to sleep longer and meet them for lunch?"

Calia casually stroked my cock while she waited for me to answer.

"As soon as I finish my bath, I --" Her mouth replaced her hand on my shaft, her tongue swishing back and forth under the ridge of my mushroom top. It made my toes curl. "I'll be there."

"Very good, Sir," came the muffled reply.

"Oh, you are a naughty girl!" I muttered, pulling out of her mouth with a pop. Turning her around, I pushed her down at the edge of the bathing pool and plunged into her pussy. Calia shrieked with delighted laughter at my reaction that quickly transformed into sighs and then moans as I probed deeper. Using one hand to grip her shoulder, I slid my other hand under her, rubbing her mons and sometimes brushing her swollen clit. Since we'd both come only a short while earlier, it was going to take a lot to reach orgasm. I alternated pounding hard and fast into her intimate center, ruthlessly plundering into her slick crevice with longer, slower strokes while I fingered her sensitive nubbin.

Grunting as I slammed into her, Calia looked over her shoulder at me, pushing back to meet me. "Ranji, come for me. Ahhh, ahhhhhh. So good! Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh, fuck me! Fill me! I want it! Haaaaahhhhhh! Ahhhhh-ohhhhhhhhh!"

Growling, I thrust even faster, firmly holding her hips while she bucked and heaved. Finally I felt the tightening and I yelled as I emptied myself into Calia once again. She cried out, pushing back against me.

Breathing heavily as I leaned over her, I said, "I think I'm done for a while. Will this last you at least until tonight?"

Calia grinned mischievously. "Gods above, I am not used to such a battering! I hope I can walk straight. At least we're already in the bath!"

I patted her butt affectionately and pulled out. Calia gingerly washed and wiped herself while I soaped and rinsed myself.

"Should I ask your mother for some healing salve?" she asked drily.

My head snapped to her, catching her teasing smile. "Are you crazy? She'll chew on me like a saber-toothed tiger, carving great chunks out of my behind. " I pointed at my own butt to emphasize the point. "And there's not a lot there to start with!"

"And such a nice butt, too! Good for thrusting!" Calia laughed, getting out of the pool. Wrapping a towel around herself, she held out another and waited for me to join her.

"You don't have to do that, you know. I can dry myself."

"It is my duty, Ranji, but it is also my privilege. Please, while you are here, let me take care of you." She gently patted me down.

Back in the bedroom, she quickly selected some loose trousers, a light shirt covered in tropical flowers, and sandals. A bit of deodorant and a depilatory cream to deal with my fuzzy face -- which she applied and then wiped off -- and I was deemed presentable. I kissed Calia and thanked her, and she turned me around, pushing me toward the door. "No more delays! They have already been waiting -- she saw the clock and blanched "-- Ninety minutes! Oh, what they must think!"

At the doorway, I said, "And they'd be right!"

It was only by the narrowest of margins that I avoided the pillow. Calia's aim was much improved since my last visit.

* * * * *

My mother put a cherry into her mouth and raised her eyebrows as I arrived. "I wondered if you really had arrived last night or if I had just dreamt it all." She dropped the pit into her spoon and selected another cherry.

My father smiled, putting away his newspaper. "Good to see you, son."

There was more gray along the sides of his hair than I remembered from my last visit. I sat down. "It's good to be here."

Casually spreading some jam onto toast, my mother said, "We wondered whether we'd have to wait until dinner before seeing you today." She took a bite and watched me. "You are being well taken care of?"

"Yes, Mother. Actually, very well. Thank you for asking. It really is good to be here. I apologize to you both for my tardiness." A young serving girl brought a covered plate to my seat, removed the cover, and stepped back. I glanced her as I thanked her. I didn't recognize her. She smiled shyly as she stood by the serving cart.

"Calia has missed you a great deal," my mother continued. "It's not fair to keep her so far away and to wait so long between visits. Now that you are settled in your new job, you need to make arrangements to have her come live with you."

"It's called a posting, Mother." I looked at my father. He shook his head and smiled as he ate in silence. No help there. "Having her there would be difficult at this time. I've already discussed this with Calia."

I started eating. Scrambled eggs. Curried potato and ham. Salad with yogurt and mint dressing. Cherries and star fruit. The curry was a treat. I'd forgotten how much I'd missed Vedan-style cooking.

My father sipped his black tea, piping hot, with cream, sugar, and cardamom. While he made it clear he wasn't going to intervene in my mother's interrogation, he listened and watched the discussion with interest.

The tea smelled good so I poured myself a cup.

My mother narrowed her gaze. "What is there to discuss, Ranji? Calia is your personal servant. You are an officer in the Warrior Caste. She should be there to cook and clean for you. She is supposed to take care of you. These years while you've been gone, she has kept busy learning and reading. Calia is articulate, companionable, and devoted to you. I don't understand this reluctance! Ranji! Surely you don't intend to dismiss her?"

I shook my head. "Certainly not, Mother. I care for Calia and I would never do that to her. No, there's someone else." My mother stonily sat back into her chair as I told them about Janetta and my love for her. I also told them about Janetta's denial, but left out the attack in the hangar and what we did with the attackers. If that episode ever got out, I wanted my parents to be able to truthfully deny all knowledge of the incident.

When I was done, she speared a star fruit and proceeded to cut it into small pieces. "I suppose it was to be expected," she said. "At least she's an officer. What will you do about children, Ranji? Women warriors cannot become pregnant. You are our only child, and past due starting a family of your own." Irritated, she kept cutting the pieces smaller and smaller until she dropped both fork and knife into the fruity mush.

I shrugged. "I don't know, Mother. Janetta loves flying, and she will not willingly give it up. Nor will I ask that of her. She is making a decision about me, about whether she will risk her heart for love. I hope that she will. Calia has asked for a child, and .. I will consider it. Once Janetta chooses, I will explore my options about children. Trust me, I do not intend to leave your House empty."

"Our House," my mother corrected. "Yours, too, Ranji." There was some hurt in her eyes.

My father nodded, his gaze on me.

"Our House, of course," I amended.

The rest of the morning passed more pleasantly. Then my father had to leave for Tohingo to check in on his research projects. I carried a basket while my mother trimmed flowers in the garden and selected bouquets for dinner and the drawing room.

Afterwards I went for a run alone on one of the mountain trails on the family estate. Ten rads over hilly terrain. It was satisfying exercise, but even this high up in the mountains, it was still summer and sweaty work.

Once done, I took a quick bath, and then Calia found me. I had said nothing about my plans and yet here she was. She set up her table and for an hour, she oiled and massaged my body. She had been dressed when she started, but when she climbed onto the back of my legs to work my lower back, I felt skin on skin. Her hands felt like magic.

Calia lifted up and patted my bare butt. "Over."

I turned over and she moved up to my chest and sat down. Her eyes were full of desire, her nipples hard.

"I thought we were done for the day," I commented. "At least until tonight."

"Time flies too fast and not enough memories," she murmured. "Besides, I have my mouth, my breasts, and my ass to please you with." Leaning over me, she reached for the bottle of oil, then began working on my shoulders and chest. Her breasts swayed as her hands kneaded. I could feel the wetness from her folds leaking onto my belly as she worked. My erection grew as she continued giving me attention, but I kept my hands still, watching and enjoying her attention.

As she scooted back, her wet lips caressed me, sliding along my hard shaft. My crown brushed under her clit. I inhaled at the sensation. Calia bit her lip, but kept on task. Her hands rubbed oil onto my breasts and ribs while her slick crevice ground against me. Slowly she moved. Moment by moment, she leaked more wetness, coating my shaft as her hips rocked over me. Her breathing deepened. The sensations were pleasurable for me, too.

"I-- I'm sorry, Ranji. At the moment .. I am unable to finish your thighs and legs." Calia rocked faster, rubbing her clit along my thick member. Several locks of hair came loose from her simple ponytail, framing her face. "I hope you .. Ohhhhhh .. you don't mind?"

Her eyes followed me when I reached over for the bottle of oil and poured some into my hands and oiled them up. Reaching up, I plied her soft breasts. She bit her lower lip as she worked her hips and I kneaded her sensitive flesh. Pinching and rolling her nipples. Calia moaned, then leaned forward, rubbing herself vigorously against my shaft, gasping for air. Her warm brown eyes searched mine. I saw vulnerability, lust, and longing.
