 Notes:

The translations from the Nahuatl language below are not my own. I pillaged the phrases from another website. Credit where credit is due.

In the Imperial calendar system there are five placeholders. The middle number is the year, and to the right of that are the month and the day. The two leftmost numbers are larger increments of years, groups of twenty and groups of four hundred instead of the decimal system we are used to.

Thank you to ThatEditorGuy for some good feedback. Much appreciated.

*

Janetta Tlacotli had sarcastically sniped that my interest in her was that I just wanted to breed her. Truthfully, imagining her pregnant with our child had a strong appeal.

However, I couldn't do that to her. Besides her undoubtedly real declaration that she would kill anyone who interfered with her ability to fly, I also had no desire to destroy her career. I myself loved flying, and once I was at my next duty station, I intended to resume my twice monthly recreational flights. Things were much bleaker for her. Warrior women could fly but unless she had a patron, civilian women weren't allowed a license. I had never seen her fly, but if it was anything like the freedom I felt, I would never stand in her way of experiencing that joy, even if her life was in real danger.

Our trip to the mountain and Chingli Point was followed by two days of double shifts, and I was dead tired. But each night I pictured her smooth copper skin, her big black eyes, perfect white teeth, and pert nose within easy reach. I recalled squeezing her soft, full breasts in my hands, running them down her taut, muscular belly, down her flanks to her slim hips and to legs that went on forever. I wanted to explore that thick muff that hid her sex again. The sounds she made when she was being pleasured had been music to my ears. The smell of oranges and jet fuel whenever I leaned in close to her skin. I whispered her name as I drifted off to sleep.

Finally, the weekend was over and it was back to class. I didn't know if I was falling in love with Janetta, but the more I was with her, the more I wanted her.

When she walked into the room in Basic Tactics, I smiled at her. Once again, she pretended she didn't see me. The hot and cold treatment vexed me. I wondered if her actions were because I was Vedan. I certainly hoped not. I had been born in the Empire of Chimorro, sworn my oaths and was serving my country just like everyone else, Janetta included.

After class, she gathered up her gear and exited without even a look in my direction.

When my classes for the day were over, I resolved to abuse my limited power with military security and access her records. I figured if I learned a bit more about her, it might explain some things.

Once in the office area, I scanned around and found a free computer. I logged in and brought up Janetta's service record. I wanted this to be a discreet inquiry, so I muted the computer so that commands had to be typed in rather than spoken.

A quick search and her record came up on the screen.

Born in Uiyatiwitz, state of Huezteca. Date of birth, 318.16.16.08.14. Fourteenth day of the eighth month? Janetta's birthday was coming up. Women didn't get birthdays in the Empire of Chimorro, except for the Empress, but they did in other parts of the world. I intended to surprise her. I resumed reading.

Father, Milintica Tlacotli, Animal Handler Guild, enlisted in the Ground Service in 318.16.7.3.8, served with distinction during the Chon Revolt of 318.16.12.9.22. Awarded Silver Shield of Merit. Promotion to Second Sergeant. Served at [redacted], killed [redacted] [redacted] on [redacted] 318.17.0.4.13.

17.0? So he died when she was four.

Posthumous promotion to Captain. And, a posthumous induction as a Jaguar Warrior, Fourth Degree.

Promoted from Sergeant to Captain? Enlisted to mid-level officer after one action? And a Jaguar as well? I searched my memory and could find nothing that I could recall happening eighteen years ago. There was a link to another file, but suddenly I could feel warning bells about attempting to look there. The hair on the back of my neck rose. There was a story but it was secret and probably fatally dangerous. I wondered whether my look-see had triggered something with Imperial Security. I was already there, so unless Imperial Security came through the door to stop me, I was going to finish reading this file but no further.

Mother Zaniyah, address [redacted]. And a No Contact Order. Curious.

The usual notes of grammar school for a girl with a wild temper. Trouble began after her father's death. His death could factor in there. Then things quieted down for a couple years. Enlistment into Air Militia at fourteen, then a transfer to Topango War College at sixteen for two years. Hmm. A note that the Assistant Commandant, Kinchil Chac, disappeared a week before her graduation. Opening up the side notes, I saw that two cohorts, including Janetta, were questioned, but nothing solid materialized. That was two years ago.

Grades prior to military service were below average. Since then, they picked up and have continued to improve. Hand-eye coordination and dexterity, exceptional. Expert marksman. Expert with knives. I could certainly vouch for the latter. Her aerial evaluations were incredible.

Third Degree Eagle warrior. Natural choice for the Air Service. She already had the eagle tattoo of Huitzilopochtli, god of war, fire, and Lord of the North.

Each of the Services had their elite groups.

Connections with these quasi-religious groups could help with promotions, but it also meant taking risks. Membership as an Eagle or Jaguar Warrior was expected in a military career if one wanted to reach general or above.

Interesting. Janetta has applied to also become a Jaguar Warrior. Jaguar is popular with the Ground Service. Involvement with both might prove to be very demanding. I wouldn't do it. I'd have no personal life.

I glanced at the clock and realized over an hour had passed. I checked her class schedules. Basic Tactics had two more weeks, and then we both had other classes to attend. I printed off a copy of her schedule for the remaining three months of her stay here, logged off and signed out, without seeing the Senior Sergeant.

I headed to the cafeteria for dinner.

If I could, I would see if I could wrangle another class with her. Barring that, I intended to let her know I wanted more of her off-duty time.

* * * * *

On the weekend duty with Security, I worked it so I got patrol. Senior Sergeant Itznacoco growled about having to hit Tikun at the start of the weekend. As Senior Sergeant, he had made sure the junior sergeants and the other "sorry green ass officers" did that onerous duty.

I didn't care. I had learned that Janetta was planning on attending a ceremony at the temple of Tezcatlipoca. I wondered if this was to be her initiation into the Jaguar Warriors.

I wanted to do a sweep of that area near the end of the services.

In the Empire, local states were allowed to practice their own religion and even speak their local dialect as long as they acknowledged the supremacy of the Emperor, maintained a temple to the sun god Inti, and used Quechua as the official legal language.

The Central States had their Eagle and Jaguar Warriors, which were incorporated into the Empire's military. The Navy later created the Shark Warriors, but outside the Navy, they weren't very popular.

The eagle tattoo was a prerequisite for becoming an Eagle Warrior. Eagle was preferred, naturally, by the Air Service. Jaguar was favored by the Ground Service.

These quasi-religious warrior groups made demands on time and resources outside of active service obligations. Their political power was such that sometimes Command listened to their policies and interests over that of the Empire. Certainly some of the many brief conflicts over the past two hundred years had been at their behest. Without their emphasis on combat, some of those conflicts might have resolved sooner or not even become hot. Of course, I kept such treasonous thoughts to myself. My father made sure I was instructed in the official curricula of the Empire, but often talked to me of the different views and practices of the other powers, such as Atlantis or Aesir-Veda.

The more I learned, the more I was both grateful for my father's actions and concerned lest he was caught.

Finally, the weekend arrived. The security forces under my command geared up and we set out in pairs of those two-seat electric light transports, or HuetziCactis, or HueCacs for short. There were five HueCacs, one ChoCac -- a six-person armored support with a 35mm main gun and two 20 caliber supports. We also had a Tortoise, a dependable enclosed transport capable of carrying forty fully armed troops. We used the Tortoise for carrying soldiers back to Tikun War base. Our security detail comprised a total of thirty men, with Senior Sergeant Itznacoco and me in charge.

For three hours we scoured the streets and retrieved three drunk enlisted, and rescued two Ground Service sublieutenants from the Diamond District. Both officers had been beaten and robbed, but we got them before the locals made sure they disappeared permanently.

When the city bells rang the Eighth Hour, I ordered my driver to take us back to North Temple Square. Following our lead, the other vehicles fanned out and followed. As we pulled in at the entrance to the square, we stopped. It was past sundown, but the square was filled with people and lights. Food vendors, musicians, people talking and milling around for a late bit of shopping.

Pulling out my night glasses, I scanned the area briefly before looking midway up the temple steps. Several Jaguar Warriors in their feathers and jaguar skins appeared and began descending the long steps.

My sergeant's vehicle pulled up next to mine. Standing on the running board, he too scanned around, then focused where I was looking.

Janetta came out at that moment, dressed in white, cuts to her body in several places though none appeared serious. Her hair and much of her front were covered in blood. She held a jaguar skin in one hand as she spoke to no one, staring at the night sky.

Since my arrival, I had picked up a fair amount of Nahuatl. I thought I could make out a couple of words, and then it was like I was hearing her speak next to me.

Yn onihualla tatzin

I have come, my father

Nimic tlan mati

I know the land of the dead

Nito panmati

I know the beyond

yn onechcoc tatzin

I have arrived, my father

Ninahual ocelotl

I am the enchanted jaguar

Tezcat apec

on the mountain of mirrors

Ye nican nontlalpitza

for here I cast my breath

Yehuanti ezcotihuitze

they will come bloodied

Tlapal loti huitze

they will come reddened,

Yn cempopolhuia xitinia

I will completely lay waste to my enemies

Nimo cehuihtoc caxtica mihcai

I am resting in blood of the dead

Yn onihualla tatzin

I have come, my father

Senior Sergeant Itznacoco's voice quietly came over my earpiece. "A looker, but she's dangerous, Lieutenant. I hope this jaunt is because you wanted field experience and not to sightsee."

Before I could respond, he dropped back into his vehicle beside his driver, and his transport sped off.

I watched Janetta for several minutes, but that connection never returned. I returned to my seat and finished the rest of the patrol.

The next night was much of the same sorts of encounters. Drunks and brawlers detained, a few injured that were seen to and either brought back to base or released in less dangerous areas. When we were done, I hurried through the checking-in process, then grabbed a fresh transport and headed over to the hangars on the off chance I'd catch Janetta still there. I made sure my personal radio was off.

I pulled up outside and entered the tall building from the main road. Up ahead, I could hear talking. When I entered the hangar itself, I saw a trainer version of an Itcha Lightning with its engine and avionics opened and four women around it working and talking. A corporal saw me and went, "Hssst! Inbound."

Two others were sergeants. All three enlisted watched me closely. Janetta was in the cockpit, and like the others, in Class B coveralls. When her head popped up, she saw me and her friendly smile turned to a frown. "Kandikan, what are you doing here?"

"I need to talk to you," I said. "In private."

"Bugger off, Kandikan. I'm working here."

I pointed to the large Security patch on my shoulder.

"Fine." She climbed out of the cockpit and down the access ladder. Dropping her tools into the toolbox, she pulled a rag from her back pocket and wiped them off as she walked to the hangar office. I followed her.

Once inside, I closed the door behind us.

Janetta whirled. "What the fuck's going on, Kandikan? And it better be good!"

"I need to know why you ignore me when we're in public. Is it because I'm Vedan?"

The sharp retort died on her lips and she looked surprised and even a little hurt. "No," she replied quietly. "That's not it at all. You being Vedan is actually kind of exotic."

"Then why, Janetta? I go to sleep thinking about you, did you know that? But unless we're alone, you treat me like I don't exist."

"You wouldn't understand, Kandikan." She threw the rag onto the desk, refusing to look at me.

"Try me."

Her head turned and her eyes bore into me. "I don't smile directly at any male, Kandikan. I learned the hard way not to look friendly."

I put my hand on her shoulder. "What are you talking about?"

Her voice was hard, but eyes showed her struggle. "Isn't it enough that I fuck you, Kandikan? That I actually came to you?"

I stared at her.

"Fuck this!" she snarled. "I have two group captains and a field commander I have to keep happy, Kandikan. And yes, that means they fuck me at least once a week. They out rank me. I have no choice. It doesn't matter how good a pilot I am or how well I do on my exams. And why it --" her voice caught, "Why it matters what you think is beyond me." Her lower lip trembled.

I pulled her into my arms and hugged her tight. She hit me on the back several times, weaker each time until at last she held me tight in return.

"Fuck you, Kandikan," she sniffed. "What are you doing to me? And why?"

"Tell me who they are."

Janetta pushed me away. "No way, Kandikan. They will eat you for lunch. You try and mess with this and you will disappear and no one will find your body. Just -- just let it go."

There was a knock at the door. "Lieutenant? Are you all right?" The door opened and all three enlisted women were there. I noticed one had a hammer and two had large wrenches held discreetly in their hands.

"It's all right," Janetta assured them. "He's okay."

The shorter sergeant looked at my name tag and her face lit up. "Kandikan? The same one you took to Chingli Point?"

"Yes, he is," Janetta answered, then she growled, "No poaching! Now out! Cholan, Ixma, you too, Zinja. Out!"

Two looked at my crotch before meeting my eyes. The heavy sergeant licked her lips. Janetta pushed them out the door and closed it.

When she turned, I was there, reaching for a kiss. She sighed and kissed me back.

"Meet me at the Officer's Club in an hour," I said.

"No," she said firmly. "Don't you get it? If I show up there with you, others will get the idea they can ask me. No where public."

"Okay, somewhere private then. I want to be with you, Janetta."

"Not tonight," she said. "The Lightning has to be ready by midday tomorrow. Maybe not tomorrow night either. I may be too tired. I do have to sleep sometimes."

I pulled her into my arms again, leaning my forehead to hers. "When, Janetta?"

She looked at me, then sighed, reaching a decision. Pushing me away, she started undoing her zippers. "Better fuck me now, then, Kandikan. But make it quick. I have work to do."

Once the zippers were down, she hopped onto the desk and spread her legs. I leaned close and kissed her, running one hand along her hairy cleft. Soft, but pretty much dry.

"I'll be as quick as I can, Janetta. I promise not to hurt you. Your word you will stay where you are and let me finish."

Puzzled, she slowly nodded. "Okay. But if you try and put anything into my ass, the deal is off and I will hurt you."

I pushed apart her legs, holding her down. Then kissed her inner thigh.

"Oh, shit, Kandikan, you're not going to--" Janetta inhaled loudly when my tongue caressed her outer lips. As I pushed my tongue deeper, she stiffened, holding her breath. I set to work, plundering her womanly center. Janetta exhaled slowly, shivering.

As her labia began to swell and her juices began to flow, my mouth was there, my tongue lapping up what she gave to me. Slowly, she began to relax and more juices flowed. Knowing the precariousness of our situation, she kept pretty quiet even as her breathing deepened.

Soon, she was rocking her hips under my mouth, and when I stuck a finger into her slick heat, she arched and groaned. First one, then both of her hands held my head. When I added a second finger, she started to shake. I moved my tongue to her swollen clit and sucked, flicking the underside rapidly. Janetta held her breath, humping my fingers and mouth as hard and fast as she could. She was getting close, probably on the edge.

I stood up.

"Why did you stop?" she gasped.

"I think you're ready now." I unclipped my holster and set the pistol on the desk beside her.

"Fucking pervert," she moaned. "You better hurry and give me your cock, Kandikan."

Undoing my belt, I pushed my trousers and underwear down below my knees and moved forward. As I lifted her legs onto my shoulders, she grabbed my hard cock and guided it to her dripping slit. I pushed and glided easily inside her tight, wet, heat.

Sweet heaven!

Pressing deep, I set to giving her pussy long, full strokes.

Janetta closed her eyes. "Ah, yeah. Ohhh. Deeper, Kandikan. Hahhh. Faster."

Bending her nearly in half, I grabbed her shoulders and pumped with more force. I stared into her eyes as my cock probed her depths, breathing heavily. "You know .. what you ... need to do," I gasped.

I could see she was close again. Her hands gripped my arms. "Oh, oh .. by the gods. Fuck me, Ranji. Fuck meeee!" Janetta arched, bucking against me. Her pussy throbbed all along my shaft.

I pounded into her center, feeling my balls tighten. "Janetta!" I cried, and shoved into her cavity, pressing deeper as I spewed my hot seed into her welcoming pussy. Her hands moved to my butt, digging in, and pulling me tight, Janetta whimpered as she ground her sex against me.

I heard some muffled noises outside the office. I raised my eyebrows and looked at her. "Were they watching?"

Janetta wiped the sweat from her brow. "Probably with a scope and camera so all of them could watch on the monitor." She turned her head to the door and bellowed, "When I come out of this office, my bitches better be working!"

"Your bitches?"

"Damn right. We stick together. We quit shifts together, and make sure we get to the barracks together." She slapped my butt cheek. "You did good. Now let me up."

I leaned forward for a kiss.

She moved her hands in front of her face. "Hey! No. You put your mouth down there, Kandikan."

"You liked it, didn't you?"

"Yes," she admitted, scowling. "Just -- just give me a while to think on it. You had to be a pervert, too. Now get off!"

I pulled out of her, and she grabbed the rag to catch the runoff. I quickly secured my underwear and trousers. While she was busy, I reached over and caressed her cheek.
