 Note: Some violent non-consensual sex.

Kudos to ThatEditorGuy for giving this story a much needed assist!

=========================

Basic Tactics wrapped up without a hitch. During class, Janetta Tlacotli continued to ignore me, but now that I knew her reason, it didn't bother me so much. I looked at her as discreetly as I could, taking in her beauty. Those big, black eyes, thick black hair and her ever-present jaguar hair-clasp, and bright, white teeth. Tall, lean, with full, firm breasts. I was quickly moving past lust and becoming very attached to her.

The very next weekend, after my double shift performing security detail, I found her at the hangar working with her support crew. When I showed up, she stopped what she was doing, and we went into the office.

Janetta tried to put on that she wasn't keen on me kissing her. A lifetime of believing that oral sex was disgusting didn't stand a chance against a dedicated tongue lashing her tender lower lips. During my ministrations of her feminine parts, I managed to get off both her trousers and her combat boots. With a combat knife attached to each boot, it was no small feat. While she was bucking and heaving under my mouth and tongue, I found I really enjoyed her enthusiastic reaction to my efforts. I kept working my fingers in her slick cavity. I moved up and covered her mouth with my own. Janetta hungrily responded until she realized what I'd done. Vigorously wiping her own juices from her lips, the line of invective she spewed forth was both inventive and educational, but I silenced her by firmly pushing my hard cock into her swollen, dripping pussy. Once I was fully inside her tight, wet heat, Janetta groaned and wrapped her body around me and when I kissed her again, she kissed me back. Once I found the depth of her, we fucked hard and fast. As our hips slapped together, pleasure quickly rose and I soon sprayed my seed into her throbbing pussy.

Then I surprised her by not getting off right away. Instead, I held her and nibbled while touching and caressing. At first Janetta protested. "Nicely done, Ranji. Now get off. I've got work to do."

I liked hearing her call me by my first name. I deliberately ignored her request, running my lips along her neck and face, gently squeezing her breasts. I never really softened inside her, and when I started gently thrusting again, she looked at me in surprise.

"Really, Kandikan?"

"By the gods, Janetta, it's been a week, and that was just the once."

"You know they're watching us again." Janetta referred to the three women that comprised her work crew. Normally the camera probe was used to inspect critical systems within an aircraft for wear or damage. This time the women had pushed the probe past the keyhole so the little camera eye was plainly visible on our side. They were watching everything we did on the display monitor in the main hangar. Probably with sound, too.

"I don't care. Right now, I'm here with you, Janetta." I ground my hardening cock within her wet folds, then drew her hand to my lips and gently kissed it.

Janetta sighed, but I was beginning to learn that some of her resistance was for show. "Then I want to change position," she said. "This desk is hard on my hips."

"Fine." I withdrew and grabbed the rolling chair, pushing it near her. "Kneel on this."

Janetta raised her eyebrows.

I flashed her an impudent smile. "You like me taking you from behind, don't you?"

Slowly she rose up. Grabbing a rag, she wiped down the mess dripping down her legs, then put her knees onto the seat, bracing herself against the back of the chair. "You really are a pervert, Kandikan." I rotated the chair until her bare ass and puffy cleft faced the door. She dropped her head, blushing. "I can't believe I'm letting you do this to me."

I laughed as I moved into position behind her. Lining up my cock, I pushed back inside her warm, exquisite wetness, sighing as her sheath enveloped me from crown to base. I felt her tighten her pussy, squeezing my shaft as I probed her depths.

"You like what I do to you," I told her. "And you like showing them what you're getting." I grabbed her hips and probed the length of her slick channel. As I ground against her, feeling my crown caress her womb and my balls brush against her labia, Janetta's sigh turned into a long, low moan. Soon we were matching thrusts and appreciative noises as we worked together. Because I'd already come once, I lasted a long time, bringing her off at least twice before I filled her belly a second time. With the humidity in the closed room, both of us were covered in sweat.

I held myself against her as our breathing returned to normal. Leaning over, I kissed her back, then pulled out. Janetta started to move, but I put out my hand, pressing down.

"What are you doing, Kandikan? Let me up."

"I want to watch it come out," I told her. Sure enough, a few seconds later, semen began dribbling out of her glistening, puffy crevice.

"You are seriously twisted, do you know that? You used your mouth on my pussy and after that you kissed me? And now you want to show them you squirted your seed inside me? I should stop seeing you, but I can't help myself." Janetta arched her back, and I could see her clenching her butt and groin muscles. "Is it dripping on the chair? It's leather, you know."

"It is. Does it matter?"

"No. Captain Klockshiutl is an asshole, and it's his chair. Can I get up now?"

I let her up after I patted her butt cheek.

"It's a good thing for you that you have such nice equipment, Kandikan. You are such a pain in the ass."

"Naturally, it has nothing at all to do with the fact that I make you feel good, and that I want to be with you."

When she stood up, I pulled her into my arms and kissed her long and slow. After a few seconds, she melted against me, sighing. When I released her, her eyes gentled. "You're a pervert and a twisted, sick man, you know that? Now get your ass out of here so I can get some work done."

Drawing fresh rags from a shelf, we wiped ourselves down and dressed. The office smelled of sex, and I expected that Janetta would leave the door open to air it out. The smell of sex outside the office caused Janetta to shake her head. There was no doubt but her team had appreciated our show for them. Rather than be embarrassed, Janetta saw this as taking care of her enlisted crew, as much as her returning with them to their barracks at night. Being an officer, albeit a very junior one, Janetta gave her enlisted crew protection they wouldn't otherwise have. I found her loyalty to her people a very admirable quality.

It was past midnight and I'd been up more than twenty hours, and I had another double-shift starting in the morning. Nonetheless, I felt great. I put on my garrison cap and grinned like a fool. I even whistled as I headed out.

Janetta rolled her eyes, but she also smiled as she watched me leave.

The next weekend, I spent over an hour with my face between Janetta's legs, bringing her to at least three separate orgasms, shaking and moaning each time. Finally, she begged me to please just enter her and fill her aching emptiness. Once I was inside her buttery center, I didn't last long. Both of us had classes that were winding up, and the long shifts on the weekends left us both tired. In spite of it, I'd like to believe that we both needed the release. I stayed inside her after filling her center, touching my head to her chest, enjoying the intimacy while our breathing returned to normal. After we dressed and I held her in my arms, Janetta complained that I gave her rubbery legs, but didn't try hard to hide the twinkle in her eyes. And, she seemed to enjoy me holding her. I left shortly after.

When I arrived the following weekend, Janetta took the initiative, and repeating our first encounter together, she pushed me into the rolling chair and rode my cock. This time, however, the lights were on and there was a lot more room. Another improvement was that she let me squeeze her breasts and when she shook with pleasure, she leaned her forehead against mine and she groaned out my name.

Then with an arrogant smile, she tried to get up! Lifting her up, I laid her roughly onto the desk and humped back into her slick pussy. I paused long enough to put her legs onto my shoulders and then pounded into her gushing center, driving in and out as hard as I could muster. When my cock swelled and spat hot come deep into her pussy, I gripped her shoulders and ground into her. Janetta clung to my arms and laughed between moans, enjoying the results of her tease.

Then classes and schedules changed. Janetta and her crew were still working weekends in the hangar, learning about the more common aircraft in service from the ground crew's perspective. By working with her team, Janetta was matching her flying experience to the strengths and weaknesses of the various craft she trained on.

For me, however, it was an unmitigated disaster. While I was doing well in the classes themselves, there were several personnel changes in Security, and my weekend duty suddenly become my after-class duty for the next month. Instead of double shifts on the weekends, I had them during the work week. Normally, I would expect to share that duty with another sublieutenant, so that I'd have more time to study, but there wasn't anyone else. Several students had washed out, and a brush with the Atlanteans on the Inland Sea put the base on high alert for a couple of weeks.

Senior Sergeant Itznacoco couldn't decide if he was happy about the inconvenience it caused me, or if he should be pissed about the inconvenience it caused him. After the second day, I think he decided to be both. While he snapped at underlings and treated me with the barest possible respect, there was an unholy glint in his eyes as he spread misery unto those around him.

For me, I went straight from a weekend of double shifts, then to a full day of classes. At the end of my classes, I had but a two-hour window of free time and then a full evening shift of work ahead of me. That first night, I stumbled to my quarters and barely got my boots off before I passed out on top of my bunk. I napped when I could, struggling to stay awake. On the third day, Itznacoco gave me a glass of cahault, a local stim drink. A mix of the coffee and cacao beans, I soon became addicted. It helped me make it to the weekend.

Because of the sudden shortage of security officers and the heightened alert, even during classes and the weekend, I was on call. The Security patch on my shoulder and my sidearm were new fixtures to my uniform.

When the weekend finally arrived, I slept through the lunch hour. I went to the cafeteria and grazed through the afternoon as I cracked my books. After dinner, I went back to my quarters. I was torn between more sleep or more study time. I needed both. Instead, I dropped my books onto my cot and headed over to the hangar to see Janetta.

Spring was fast heading toward summer, and doing so with a vengeance. The humidity of Tikun was thick enough to swim in. It would be daylight for hours yet. I missed the mountains of the southern continent where my parents lived, with the cooler summer air and nights so black the starlight gleamed pristine down from the heavens.

When I entered the hangar, the first thing I noticed was the absence of music. While they worked, Janetta allowed her team to listen to music for background noise. The second thing was that the hangar doors were closed.

Slowing down, I heard a man's harsh laughter. I peeked around the corner and saw Janetta's young corporal on her hands and knees, her trousers bunched about her ankles. Humping her hard from behind and yanking on her braid was a captain. I'd never seen him before. Her ass was purple from the welts he delivered from his hand. Her cries were from pain, not pleasure.

Nearby, Second Sergeant Zinja lay sprawled on the cement floor.

I worried about Janetta and the other sergeant. I checked my pistol to make sure the safety was still on, then slid a clip into the handle and chambered a round. A quick check of my dagger, making sure its safety flap was secured. The man outranked me by two grades. I didn't want bloodshed, but if it happened, I wanted to be ready. The rules of Security were to first attempt to defuse the situation, and if met with resistance, respond with overwhelming speed and force. The Empire of Chimorro was a warrior culture. When force was needed, what the civilians learned was how to disable. Warriors were taught to kill outright or to maim. Nonetheless, shooting a gun was all kinds of paperwork, and you had to account for every round expended.

I took a breath, then I walked around the corner and into the captain's line of sight.

He spotted me within a few steps. "Who the fuck are you?" he demanded, slowing down, his hand still wrapped in her loose hair, roughly pulling her head upright.

Keeping my face neutral, I walked closer, pointing to the patch on my shoulder. "Security."

Corporal Ixma saw me and began sobbing.

He yanked her head back roughly, and using his other hand, he smacked her hard alongside the head. "Shut up, bitch!" Turning to me, he said defiantly, "She's enlisted. I'm within my rights."

She put a hand to her where he'd hit her, crying freely.

Walking slower, I continued to close the distance. Nodding to the prone sergeant, I reminded him, "You are allowed to fuck them, not to injure them."

He snarled and pulled out of the young woman. "I outrank you. Piss off!"

I pointedly kept my face looking at the corporal until I was within easy reach.

Released, Corporal Ixma curled into a ball and wept. At the moment he turned his attention to her, I hit him in the nose, then grabbed his arm, whipped it around his back, and threw my other arm around his neck. He struggled while I applied pressure, cutting off blood supply to his brain.

After several seconds of resistance, he suddenly collapsed. I pulled out my cuffs and slipped them behind his back. I heard a clatter and looked. A stunner. Blades were common, even on base, but not projectile or energy devices. There were plenty of armory stations, mind you, but only security or senior officers were allowed something more formidable on their person. I slipped it into my pocket. On impulse, I grabbed a nearby rag and stuffed it into his mouth. It was greasy, but I wasn't feeling particularly generous.

Using a nearby electrical cord, I secured his feet as well.

I knew the corporal was alive, so I checked on the prone sergeant. Breathing shallow. No obvious signs of trauma. Probably from the stunner. At least I hoped so.

I didn't like the next part, but I had to do it. I touched the corporal's shoulder. She jerked away, but I didn't have time to be gentle. I grabbed her and pulled her to me.

"Hey! Corporal Ixma! I need you to pay attention. Where's your lieutenant? Where's Janetta Tlacotli?"

She shook her head, trying not to look at me.

I grabbed her face with both my hands. "You are a warrior! Snap out of it! Where is your officer, Corporal? Where is Janetta?"

"In--in--in the office. We-we couldn't .. couldn't ..." She struggled and lost it again.

I could see the beginnings of a shiner on her left eye. Bruises around her neck. "You are alive. Get dressed and check on Sergeant Zinja."

Something clicked for her, and she nodded, wiping her nose and her eyes.

The door to the office was closed. Because the man outside had been armed, I had to assume that whoever was inside with Janetta was also armed.

Scanning around, I spied the camera probe. I unfurled the cable and slid the rubberized end quietly into the keyhole. Moving back to the main unit, I snapped the power switch. The screen flickered, then cleared.

Seated on the rolling chair was a man I'd seen a few times at the officer's club. His trousers were at his ankles, and the short, round sergeant was busy giving him head while he held a combat knife to her throat. From what I saw of the marking on the hilt, the knife looked like Janetta's.

He slapped the sergeant's face. "Slower, and no teeth! You're too fat to fuck but you're good for this. Hurry up, Cherno! I want a turn fucking that long-legged, uppity bitch, too."

"Stun that fat bitch so we don't have to worry about her. We'll sandwich Tlatcotli between us."

Janetta was pressed down over the desk, the bottom half of her coveralls cut away and the remnants in ruins at her feet. I got a full view of his butt clenching and releasing as he fucked into her soaked and swollen cleft.

I caught her impassive glance at the door, before she returned to staring at her sergeant. I could see the steel in Janetta's black eyes in her otherwise wooden face. Every time I had been inside her, I could tell she enjoyed it. This humiliation she endured because of the knife at her sergeant's throat. The difference was night and day.

Quietly, I removed the camera and tossed it aside. Then I drew the stunner, holding it ready as I took a slow breath. As I flung open the door, I fired at the man in the chair. The bolt hit him dead on. He jerked then collapsed, the knife clattering the ground.

At that instant, Janetta stamped on the instep of the man behind her. He started to swear while she whipped around, murderous rage on her face. She grabbed his hair with her left hand and slammed the open palm of her other hand into his nose. The bone pierced his brain, killing him instantly. He jerked for several seconds while his nerveless body dropped to the ground.

The round sergeant struggled to stand up, weaving about. Part of the energy blast must have hit her as well. Janetta moved quickly behind the man in the chair and wrapped her arms around his neck. She gave a quick twist and there was an audible pop as his neck snapped. When she let him go, his body sprawled onto the floor beside his companion.

While the sergeant pushed the dead man onto his back, Janetta came over to me. While her face was calm, there was unmasked fury in her eyes. Then I noticed her split lip, and a bit of dried blood on her chin. "Thanks, Kandikan. You really are a good wingman. Where's that other soulless bastard?"

One hand on the wall to hold herself steady, the sergeant stamped on the dead man's balls. "Too fffat to fffuck, huh? Take--take that, monkey shhhhit!" Until it wore off, the neuro-inhibitor of the stunner affected her ability to speak.

Janetta retrieved her second knife from the wall and cut away her uniform's remnants from her legs. The zipper to her top was ruined and hung loose, exposing her breasts and the tattoos of the eagle and jaguar. There was a cut on her breastbone where they'd sliced away her bra.

I was surprised and puzzled by the sergeant's reaction. "He's secure," I assured Janetta.

"Good." Janetta pushed past me, and I followed her out.

The rescue had suddenly gotten a lot more complicated. The two sublieutenants weren't a problem. Being of equal rank, Janetta had the right to refuse sex from the men in the office, and she had the right to defend herself accordingly, and even extend that protection to her ground team. That was the law according to Imperial Decree. I considered that her being both an Eagle and a Jaguar Warrior could prove beneficial. It would be messy, but with truth drugs, it would be salvageable. There was the nagging doubt, though, as to whether the local brass would accept that, or quietly bury all of us in an unmarked grave. Senior Sergeant Itznacoco was an arrogant son of a bitch, but he was actually giving me a real understanding of both Security and the politics that often bent things sideways. As long as they did their jobs, local commanders had a lot of leeway in how they ran things.

What mattered now, however, was what was going to happen with the third man. He outranked us both. Killing a superior officer was deadly ground to tread.
