 Thanks to ThatEditorGuy for giving this story the eagle eye! 

========================

The next day in Basic Tactics, I tried to speak to Janetta, but she glared at me briefly, and then deliberately ignored me. Indeed, her coldness went on for the next two weeks. Basic Tactics was the only class we had together.

Patience, I told myself. Over and over. Patience.

Janetta lived in the women's barracks, and that meant there was a fence and guards with dogs keeping watch on the perimeter. There were also infrared cameras. A male not of the servant class risked being scrutinized simply for being on the grounds. Getting caught inside the women's area after hours was very serious. If you only got cashiered from the service, you should count yourself lucky. There was a real danger one could also find himself at the temple of Tezcatlipoca, the Jaguar god. Tikun had a large temple dedicated to the god of warriors and the night sky, and they still practiced human sacrifice. Yes, I was smitten by Janetta, but I had no desire to have my heart cut from my living breast.

As the days passed, I fumed and hungered for Janetta. I wanted back inside her tight, wet heat and to fill her writhing, bucking body with my seed. I wanted my hands in her thick, black hair and to watch her eyes roll back when she came on me.

When I arrived at Tikun War base, I was used to having sex on a regular basis. With four roommates in my officer's quarters, long classes, and the extra duty, I didn't have time, the privacy, or I was simply too tired to use my own hands for release.

Had I been at home, I would have taken advantage of Calia, my personal servant.

Like the Vedan part of the Aesir-Vedan Alliance, the Empire of Chimorro was rigidly divided into classes, and it was extremely difficult to move up. Going down was easier, but you had fewer rights with each downward progression. At the top was the Imperial Household. Next in status and power were the Priests. Then there were the Warriors, with the expected officer and enlisted division.

The Guild class was next in the hierarchy, followed by the Free Farmers (you had to own your own land), then Merchants, Servants, the Indentured, and finally the Slaves. In Veda, where my parents originated, scientists like my father were part of the Technician class, which was above the Guild but below the Warrior class. In Chimorro, scientists were considered a sub-class of the Priests, which meant they outranked Warriors.

The only real way for upward mobility was for the lower classes to become enlisted in the military, and then to distinguish one's self in battle. Enough combat could gain you officer grade and other rewards. Servants and lower classes had to have permission or a sponsor before enlisting.

Emigrating from Veda to the Empire had been difficult for my parents, especially because the Kingdom of Veda did not want to lose his expertise. However, coming to the Empire meant a major improvement in social class. While my current occupation meant that socially I was inferior to my parents, I did have the option of undertaking scientific certification later, and become a certified technician if I so desired. I argued that as a possibility with my father, but the truth was I loved flying in whatever capacity I could manage.

Heeding class expectations, when I hit puberty, my parents found a servant to take care of me. Calia was a gentle girl with large eyes from the semi-autonomous state of Pano, located in the northwestern mountains of the Southern Continent. Trained in domestic duties, she took care of my clothing, gave me massages after exercises, and allowed me to satiate my horny pubescent sexual energies with her body. I remember there were some days I was inside that girl as often as I could get hard again. Indeed, I'll never forget the first time I did that.

My mother actually slapped me the next day, and then blistered my ears. As her master, she sternly told me it was my duty to take care of my servants. So enamored was I with her willing pussy, I just entered and rode her until I came. Often by the time she started to get a little wet, I was done. Calia was so chaffed she had had to get help afterward. "A man who doesn't treat his servants with respect and loyalty will get none in return!" I was used to the ear blistering, but it was the first and only time my mother ever hit me.

After my father returned home from work that day, he gave me his own lecture, which turned out to be less vehement and a lot more instructive. Quite bluntly, he said, "A man willing to lavish attention on his woman's pussy would earn a lot of forgiveness and even encourage eagerness for whatever else you wanted. And hands are only one tool available." Other gems were the notion that getting the woman aroused not only made penetration easier, but made the act pleasurable for her, too. If I made sure she reached orgasm too, she would be a more enthusiastic partner.

Next, my father informed me that if I let Calia take a more active role in the sex, she could teach me a great deal. Much later, I learned that she had trained for almost two years before becoming my servant, and when she arrived, Calia was at least a year younger than my own fourteen years. Obviously, until that point, the head I had been using to think with wasn't the one on my shoulders.

I had a great deal of affection for Calia, but in the Empire for a Warrior or Priest to marry a Servant was illegal. As a personal servant, Calia even had to have my permission before becoming pregnant. Unless one wanted to deal with a lot of paperwork and pay the huge fees, children inherited the class of the mother. It was common for a Master to have their personal servant sterilized, to make a marriage contract easier, for wives often looked at living bastard children as potential rivals. My parents made it clear they preferred I paid for Calia's birth control, which I did.

There was a sexual oddity in the Empire, at least according to my heathen, Vedan upbringing. Oral sex wasn't done by anyone above the Servant class. Putting your mouth where you pissed from was considered taboo, even polluting for the one doing the act. I have no doubt that people still licked pussies and sucked cocks, but it was the Servants doing it for the Upper Classes.

That Janetta had used her mouth on me for even that brief time -- just long enough to get my crown covered in saliva -- was a measure of how desperately she wanted my cock inside her that day. And as a Warrior, if her actions in the closet ever got out, she was within her rights to challenge me to a duel to the death for impugning her honor. Calia, for her part, had given me a lot of pleasure with her mouth, and being a dutiful son, I took my father's words to heart and became an avid student under Calia's tutelage. Not only did I learn my way around Calia's pussy with both my hands and my tongue, I came to enjoy my perversion.

Tikun War base functioned as both an Air Service training college and as a satellite monitoring station. My training there was scheduled for just five months.

Unless one's family was powerful, base housing was limited to those permanently assigned there. For short-timers like myself, the only other option was housing in the city of Tikun itself, and the costs were beyond a mere Sublieutenant's pay. I had the money, but the cost in time getting to the base and back was not worth it to my mind. Once I received my first assignment, naturally, I had planned on sending for Calia. Until then, she was over a thousand rads to the southeast on my parent's upland estate, near the research city of Tohingo.

Even smitten with Janetta, would I have fucked Calia? Of course.

But since meeting Janetta and then feeling her glorious, tight, wet heat envelope my cock, it was her I wanted. I had a great deal of feeling for Calia, but Janetta made my body ache for want of her. I was seriously considering requesting that my next duty station be wherever Janetta ended up.

The extra duty? Well, in my wisdom on my arrival, I had opted for supplemental training in security, thinking it would help down the road with career advancement. It also meant more classes in hand-to-hand combat and training in police procedures. Naturally, being a green officer, I drew weekend duty. Actually, I lucked out, as I could have drawn a six hour shift on alternating days of the week, which would have made for very long days and little study time.

Very quickly, I also discovered that the non-com assigned to me, Senior Sergeant Itznacoco, didn't bother to hide his disdain for my "sorry green ass." I had the wisdom to see that he was permanent and I was not, so I didn't push it as long as he didn't directly challenge my authority.

It had been four weeks since my tryst with Janetta in the supply closet. I was feeling at loose ends. I was even considering taking a chance on the Diamond District for a whore. The area was dangerous, though. Inexperienced transients like myself often ended up beaten and robbed if they went alone. The criminal caste were becoming bolder all the time.

The security work of this afternoon had consisted of inspections of the armory and enlisted barracks, followed by hours of paperwork. I had until dawn to return for a full double shift. At least part of it would be patrols in town, making sure enlisted Warriors didn't overly abuse their status among the lower classes, especially among unescorted women or didn't get into trouble in the more dangerous areas.

So there I was. Shift was over, and I was tired from a long day of classes and work and hungry for dinner. The humidity was thick enough to swim in. Famished, I signed out, put on my garrison cap and headed on foot across the base toward the cafeteria.

The smell of hot, spicy food drifting across the compound temporarily pushed aside thoughts of plundering Janetta's hidden grotto of pleasure. I planned on a thick steak, some peppered vegetables, and at least two helpings of lemon cream pie chased by some metl juice. Metl juice was a potent alcoholic drink made from the agave plants here in Tikun. It didn't take much metl juice to make you feel really good. Good enough to do stupid things. Metl juice was popular here and to the north. The juice made from the blue agave was especially popular among the Nahuatl, Janetta's people. I had tried it a few times at the Officer's Club on base and liked it.

So intent was I on the thought of food and something to unwind with, I didn't hear the electric motor of the two-seat transport come up behind me.

It almost knocked me over.

My anger at the careless driving was replaced by surprise.

Janetta sat in the driver seat. These two-seat light transports had a canvas top with a rollbar, but no doors, so I had an almost full profile of her radiance. She wore a pretty, flowery sun dress with a simple wide belt. The low neckline revealed part of a war eagle tattoo over her left breast. No sign of a bra. Her thick hair was tied behind her and held by a carved jaguar pendant. A pair of aviator glasses sat atop her head, and her black eyes were dancing.

She flashed me a haughty smile with those bright, white teeth. "I'm ready for another test flight, Kandikan, but it has to be now. Get in if you're ready!"

My stomach growled, but I stared at her. I could see her hard nipples pressing against the thin cotton. Curious, I looked at her footwear. Infantry boots with a combat knife strapped onto each calf. Hoo boy!

"Kandikan! If you aren't interested, I need to know now! I'm dead tired but I need some action. Either scramble your ass into the passenger seat or clear off. Which is it?"

Oranges and jet fuel. Her hot sheath squeezing my hard cock. I moved.

I wasn't fully in the passenger seat before she hit the accelerator. And she laughed as she immediately did a hard left turn, which nearly tossed me out of the transport. I was positive at least two wheels left the asphalt during her turn.

As soon as we were level, she dropped the aviator glasses sitting on top of her head over her eyes and we zoomed west toward the base exit. The bright light of the setting sun bothered me, too, and I pulled out my own pair from my vest pocket.

At the gate, she reached into the visor and pulled out her identification for the guards. I still had my lanyard around my neck. Then we were through, taking the road west toward the mountains and Janetta floored it. I had to admit that the brisk air in the thick heat felt good. Janetta grinned into the wind like a war bird, then she laughed like a maniac.

Oddly, I still smelt spicy food. I glanced in the back. Besides the standard first aid kit, there was a duffel and two small chests. I checked out the first chest. Two full bottles of metl juice (the label declared it to be the blue variety) and four canteens chilling on ice. I glanced back at her.

She saw me looking. "Kandikan, I always leave the tarmac fully armed. You've got a lot to learn about me, ground pounder!"

"Hey! I'm no ground pounder! I'm Air Service just like you. And, I'll have you know, I can fly prop, rotary, and shuttle! So stick it in your turbines."

Janetta didn't reply, but raising her eyebrows, she grinned as she nodded approvingly.

In the second chest was a packed lunch kit, divided into a hot side filled with six sandwich wraps on the left, and a cold side with carrots, celery, and peppers on the right.

"Hand me a sandwich and a canteen," she said. "I'm starved!"

I unwrapped a sandwich and handed it to her, and grabbed one for myself. I put two canteens into the junk tray by the gear shift between our seats. My stomach growled again.

"Hungry?" I asked, my own mouth full of food.

Janetta didn't bother answering. She was halfway done with her sandwich already. She just took another huge bite.

"Can I at least ask where we are headed?"

"Chingli Point." She reached for the nearest canteen and dropped it between her knees and unscrewed the cap. She was using her elbows to steer. "Holy fuck, that's cold!"

"Chingli Point! That's almost two hours away! I have to be back by dawn!"

"No shit! Me, too! I skipped lunch to secure this ride and this food. I don't do that for everyone, Kandikan. Just so you know." She took a long drink of the cold water, shook her head, then took another hefty swallow. She set the canteen back into the tray and stuffed the rest of the sandwich into her mouth.

We were almost at the turnoff to Barakan Mountain and Chingli Point. Normally the trip to the turnoff took half an hour. We were there in ten minutes. Fortunately, there was hardly any traffic in this part of the valley. What wasn't zoned military was set aside as wildlife preserve. The little traffic we did see was mostly pack animals led by peasants on foot, using the dirt trail that paralleled the paved one we rode on.

Further up the mountain from Chingli Point was Pinglo Station. Pinglo was a relay and booster station for civilian and military communications. Its more important function was satellite and air defense tracking, and it was a critical part of the Central Defense Shield, aimed at protecting the narrow strip of land joining the Northern and Southern continents. Pinglo Station also coordinated with Jobintli Naval Base on the western seacoast a few hundred rads to our southwest. While we rarely saw a Shingye Dynasty warship, we often saw their trawlers poaching in our fishing zones, and with the radio gear they carried, we were fully aware it wasn't just fish they were after. Shingye was once again allied with the Aesir-Vedans.

The turn was fast approaching, but Janetta didn't slow down one bit. She whooped as we took the corner fast, and I could swear that once again there were only two wheels on the ground. Could have been just one. I hung on tight while we hit gravel, careening close to the ditch. Then we were back on solid road, flying down the highway.

As we sped toward the mountain's base, trees sprang up left and right, and by the time we began our ascent, the forest had swallowed us up. With the setting sun hidden by the mountain, the temperature dropped several degrees, a welcome relief to me.

The narrower track didn't slow Janetta down one bit, and she powered through the turns with barely a drop in speed. It flitted through my mind that she might have a death wish, but seeing the delight on her face and feeling her excitement, I realized that didn't feel right. If she wanted to impress me with her reflexes, she was doing a good job.

Upwards we climbed, passing through raucous birds and thick foliage. At times the canopy threw everything into faded twilight. The vehicle's sensors detected the lack of light and headlights automatically snapped on. Janetta put her sunglasses back on top of her head. I slipped mine back into my vest pocket.

With our electric engine, our passage through the mountain forest was nearly silent, with only the whine of the tires on the asphalt and the flicker of the headlights marking our passage. For an instant, we caught an ocelot in the glare of the headlights, and then it was gone.

Janetta glanced at me. I nodded and a faint smile passed over her face.

During the whole trip we had barely spoken. I knew very little about her, but instead of talking with her, I was content to just be there with her. We were going to a vista point high up on the side of a mountain where I intended to fuck her brains out, and I had no doubt she intended to do the same to me. I did want to know more about this lithe copper-skinned beauty, and while I felt an eagerness building in my groin that matched the hum of the wheels on the road, I realized she had gone to a lot of trouble to spend more than just a quick fuck with me. I convinced myself that her speed was a reflection of her own urgency to becoming impaled on my shaft.

And suddenly we were there on the pullout. Janetta whooped as she hit the brakes and at the last moment, cranked the wheel. As we skidded to a halt on the gravel, I saw the edge leap closer. Finally we finally quit moving.

Janetta hopped out of the transport while I looked at the gap between the vehicle and the flimsy stone barrier edging the cliff face. A very narrow vehicle might -- just might, mind you -- have squeezed into the remaining space.

The zipper on the back of the transport opened up and Janetta pulled out a blanket and grabbed the strap to one of the chests.

"Kandikan! It's too late to back out now. Move your ass! Grab the other chest and the lamp. The view of the city at night is really great here. I want to fuck, eat, look at the lights, and then fuck some more. And it would be icing if I can look at lights while I fuck."

Absorbing her wishes, I grabbed the food chest, and under a duffel, I retrieved the large electric lamp from its storage spot. I hurried to the south end of the parking lot where Janetta started down a trail. In the fading light, I watched her long legs and the sway of her slim hips. I was intoxicated by her movements.

After a short distance we found the eating area. Three small, rough tables, a brick firepit, and a rail fence on the edge of the cliff face. Janetta set out the blanket by the fence.

I just stood there, watching her. Power and beauty together in one form.

Janetta walked back towards me, her hips swaying. And with hardly a hitch in her step, she reached down to one boot and flicked one of her combat knives my way. The blade whizzed over my head.

I ducked. "What the devil? Are you crazy?"

There was a thump of something hitting the ground. A large snake flopped about, the knife embedded near the head. A nauyaca viper. Nearly four feet long. Nasty tempered as a rule, they were usually ground dwellers. Most first aid kits had anti-venom, but a bite that close to my head? It would have been fatal.
