 Summary:

Ranji Kandikan is an officer in the Air Service in the Empire of Chimorro. The enemies of Chimorro are Atlantis and the Aesir-Vedan Alliance. Atlantis is aided by the alien race known as the Greys. The Greys have recently begun targeting Imperial transports using an EMP weapon that disables avionics systems, often causing the aircraft to crash. Aesir-Veda is aided by a humanoid reptilian race referred to as draconians. The draconians are more actively present, using their shield and camouflage technology to impersonate, spy, commit sabotage, or assassinate anyone deemed a threat to draconian plans.

In the Empire of Chimorro, society is strictly divided into castes, with Priests and Warriors forming the first and second tier of nobility. Lower castes can temporarily become warriors while in the military, and for exceptional service, they have a chance to become an officer, and thus become a permanent member of the Warrior Caste. Other nations in the world also have strong class divisions, such as the Kingdom of Veda of the Aesir-Vedan Alliance.

Women have a decidedly lower status in the world, but it is more pronounced within the Empire, where nearly half of all women are illiterate. Most women depend upon the men in their family to protect them, or in the case of Women Warriors, to defend themselves. Women Warriors can have sex, but must be circumspect about it, and they cannot become pregnant. For enlisted, it means dishonorable discharge. For officers, as part of the hereditary Warrior Caste, pregnancy for active service personnel is considered sacrilege and punished by execution. Rape, however, is not considered a crime, except where it impugns the honor of the male family head. In the military, women of lower rank must submit to sexual demands. Around the world, however, there is a growing sentiment that women should have a say over their own bodies, and some nations press toward equality.

Ranji, working with Melannee Siroptic as Commander Orchid, has helped foil the Drug Plot, where anti-women warrior conspirators replaced birth control medication for women in the military with fertility drugs. Some women have died, but the Drug Plot itself was smashed, and in addition, the rampant graft and fraud at High Guard War base has been uncovered and ruthlessly prosecuted by Imperial Security under Commander Orchid's direction. High Guard is an important Imperial forward base keeping watch for Atlantean incursions, and it is hoped the purge will restore the base's morale and military viability.

For his efforts, Ranji has been promoted to Senior Lieutenant and given his own command. Protection Orders make the rounds in various units, forbidding forced sex among officers, enlisted, and civilian dependents, and with Commander Orchid's blessing, several units adopt the order. Orchid, with Ranji's help, also smash a draconian-run child trafficking ring.

Meanwhile, attempts have been made on the lives of Ranji; his lover, Janetta Tlacoltli, interceptor pilot; and upon her all-female flight crew, Second Sergeant Zinja, mechanic; Sergeant Cholan, avionics and electronics specialist, and Corporal Ixma, general labor and Zinja's daughter. To protect her crew from unwanted sexual molestation, Janetta has begun sharing Ranji with her crew, and insisting they wear his officer's neckerchief with his grade pins, marking them as his women.

Though badly injured, Janetta not only survives the attempt on her life, she also managed to make possible the capture of draconian camouflage and shield technology, and as a result is promoted to Captain. Melannee's actions as Orchid, including killing Maretta, however, have aroused the ire of Supay, Minister of Imperial Security.

Janetta, Cholan, and Zinja continue healing in the Naval hospital, guarded by Ranji's new aide, Corporal Sowitwee, and some off-duty marines hired by Ranji.

Several immediate matters remain unresolved. The more than two thousand refugees who survived being massacred the day before are still waiting to evacuate the base. Ranji's second in command, Lieutenant Doyya Lovyanchiti, is helping Melannee escape to the nearby city of Capisco, in the Seven Nations, and has yet to return. Ranji has weeks of training away from High Guard War base fast approaching, and that will leave the newly promoted Doyya in charge of the new unit without Ranji's support. The news Ranji received of the Vedan plot to kill Ranji's father, an important research scientist for the Empire. Making sure that Janetta and the others stay safe while Ranji is gone, including the two young orphan girls he has recently adopted, Sisi and Mina.

Ranji hopes that his time away means Janetta and her crew will be safe. Janetta fears that Ranji will be in danger without her help.

Thanks to my reader, gyfurune. When I originally posted this, I sent a query and didn't hear back, so I posted without benefit of a reader. Gyfurune has since given this a read through and caught several errors. I appreciate his efforts! Again, any errors that slip through are my entirely fault.

For those following this series, I'm delighted to have you along for the tale.

* * * * *

I was now a father. I had promised two small children that I would love and protect them, take care of them and raise them. My initial reaction, I realized, was based on Zinja herself. Her strong desire to keep Sisi safe had made it easy. I trusted Zinja's judgment, and thus my own decision to support her desire to protect a small, frightened child. I had meant all the things I'd said to Zinja only the night before, when she'd come seeking solace from me. I hadn't planned this, but it had felt right at the time and I was okay with all that it meant now. Letting Ixma adopt Mina, too, had also felt right. And like that, mother and daughter were tied to me with their own bonds, separate from what Janetta and I had.

Father.

That new role settling and taking root as I drove us across the base in the darkness, away from the Naval hospital and to our home. Ixma sat beside me, and my new girls, Sisi and Mina, were asleep in their safety seats behind us.

"What are you thinking about?" Ixma asked quietly.

"You, Zinja, and those little girls."

"They are your daughters, Ranji," she reminded me. "You have children now."

"I know! That's what I'm thinking about. Everything is changed between us now. You and I are parents, Ixma."

She reached over and touched my shoulder. "All I have to go on is how my mother raised me. You are a good man, Ranji Kandikan. You will be a good father."

"One doesn't equate the other, but surely I hope so," I replied.

"We will both make mistakes, but as long as we remember to say I love you to each other and to our children, we will be all right. And I do love you, Ranji. With all my heart."

"Zinja is Sisi's mother, now," I reminded her.

"I know that. And my mother will have final say over Sisi. But she will also be working during the day, and I will be taking care of both your children. Sisi may be my sister now, but I will raise and love and protect her as I will do for Mina."

Was this the same woman I'd met less than a year ago? Who was once so timid and unsure of herself? Then I remembered last night, and what she'd told me in the car with her mother listening, and her later coming to me in the shower. And only this morning, posing for the revealing picture, so that I'd have a keepsake of her. To remember what was waiting for my return, she'd said. Then today, when her mother was shot, she killed the man who did it.

"I cannot believe how much you've changed, Ixma. Even in the past few days!"

"I'm still terrified that I will make a mistake, but my captain's words last night helped me today. I am a Warrior. When Mama got shot, I couldn't stand there. I had to do something."

"You certainly did something! I'm just curious as to what sparked it."

She laughed quietly. "You did."

"What do you mean?"

"Mama, Cholan, and I love our captain. We know she has no money, but even before we heard about the bravery of her father, we knew she protected us from being molested as best she could, and most of the time that meant her bending over a desk. Sometimes, she'd come back bruised and hurting. Those were the worst. She'd wake up in the night afterwards, crying, and Mama would hold her until the terror went away. Yet every morning, without fail, she met the world, brave and fearless. Everything she endured was to keep us safe and to be the best pilot in the Empire.

"Then you arrived. When you became a part of our captain's life, we worried for her. But we soon saw how you treated her, and we were happy for our officer. You are good for her, Ranji. And we really enjoyed watching the sex!"

"Oh, really?" I pulled over to the side of the road. This was my first real, intimate conversation with Ixma, and I wanted to give her my attention.

Ixma giggled. "Yes, Ranji. Women pay attention to how men treat other women. We could tell she liked what you did to her. Mama helped me to see that. How our captain would give quick glances at the door when you were expected to come to the hangar. And if you were late, how she would start to fidget, anxious for your arrival."

Anxious I could believe. Eager for the visit, but also afraid of her growing feelings for me. I unbuckled my safety belt and turned in my seat to face Ixma.

Ixma did the same as she continued. "Mama talked to me. She made me understand that our captain wasn't having sex because she had to, but because she wanted to, or rather, that she wanted you. And Mama was right. I could see it in our captain's face. How she looked at you, and how she touched you. The noises she made weren't from pain but from pleasure! Before you, Ranji, my experiences with men were never good. Most times it was over quick, but .. not always. I ..." Her breath caught.

"Ixma, it's okay. You don't have to talk about it."

She put her hand to her mouth a moment, taking a long, steadying breath. "I want to, Lieutenant. I .. I need to."

"Ever since we left the hospital, you've been calling me Ranji. Now I'm Lieutenant?"

"I'm afraid," she whispered, not meeting my eyes in the dim light. "Sometimes I forget that you are not just my man, but you are an officer, a nobleman, and that you are due the respect of your rank. I worry I'm talking too much. Boring you with my chatter. Overstepping myself. Afraid of saying too much and turning you against me."

"You have it right, Ixma. Underneath it all, I'm just a man. But you aren't talking too much," I assured her. "Please, continue! I want to know you, Ixma. You are more than just a pretty girl to me. You are mother to my child."

"You--you think I'm pretty?" In the faint lights from the dashboard, I could see she was astonished.

"I do."

And her tears began. "I love you so much, and there's so much I want to say to you, and .. and I'm afraid I'll do something to make it all go away. Both of you are so strong willed that I'm afraid you and our captain will fall apart again. And I couldn't stand that. I feel so alive when I'm in your arms. I couldn't bear it if you stopped loving me." She sniffed, wiping at her eyes and nose, trying to master her feelings.

"Would you like me to hold you?" I offered.

"Yes! But I .. I can't. I need to tell you what's in my heart." More quietly -- to herself, I think -- she whispered. "I am a warrior, and I'm still standing."

I waited while she took control. I was immensely proud of her desire to be strong on her own.

She took a ragged breath, then wiped her eyes and her nose before speaking again. "I know, if not for my captain, I could never have a man like you."

"Ixma," I sighed.

"It's true! Who am I? I love my Mama with all my heart, and she has tried so hard to do her best by me. But we have no money and no close family and aside from you, there are no men to protect us. I'm a bastard girl with no dowry. My chance of finding a good man or even getting married are slim to non-existent."

It was hard sitting there. I could hear her pain, her fear. I wanted to pull her into my arms and make her feel safe. But she needed to do this, to practice standing on her own.

"I joined the Air Service to keep close to Mama. But you! When you became part of our captain's life, you talked to all of us and bought us food. Then you put your officer's neckerchief on me. I know you did it to protect me, Ranji, but that day, I knew that you saw me -- me! -- and that I mattered to you. You bought me the tablet so I can be a better warrior. And Mama told me what you said to her, about your promise that if anything happened to our captain, that you would take care of me. Even when our captain hurt you and threw you out, still, you made sure we had food to eat and clean clothes to wear." She laughed a little. "Yesterday, I thought I couldn't love you anymore than I did, but then I saw you fight to get Sisi back, you helped rescue Mina, and you made them both your own. Even the dead children, you took into your care. Oh, Ranji! Each of those are reasons to adore you. How could I not fall in love with you?"

"I didn't do it for that reason, Ixma."

"What?" She looked up, the light from the nearby lamppost filtering in to show her puzzled face.

"The tablet. I wanted you to find your joy, your passion, Ixma. Janetta's passion is flying. Your mother loves working with engines, and Cholan is a whiz with electronics. But you didn't seem to have something that engaged your heart. You worked and were with your mother, but you didn't have your own passion. I thought it might help you find a job that you loved doing. And another thing. Please don't put yourself down like that again. You are Ixma Ba'lanchicotl, Corporal in the Air Service and a warrior. Your enemies are dead and you are still standing. You are the daughter of Second Sergeant Zinja Ba'lanchicotl, who is also a brave warrior, and you are both from an honorable Free Farmer family. And now you are my family. How you were born doesn't matter to me, Ixma. Stop making it matter to you."

"You really do see me," she gasped. I heard her choke up, and then she started crying. "Maybe .. maybe you are my passion."

As I reached for Ixma, we heard a voice from the back seat, and we both froze.

"Don't be sad, Ixma."

"It's okay, Sisi. I'm .. I'm not sad." She took a deep breath to steady herself. "Your new dad just told me something so beautiful, I couldn't help myself. Sometimes we cry when we are sad or are hurting. But sometimes we cry because we are happy."

"'Tenant is my new Dad?"

"That's right, Sisi," Ixma said, turning to look over the seat at her. "Just like we talked about this afternoon. He made sure that you are safe and get to stay with us from now on. Zinja is now your mama, and he is your new dad. And Mina is part of your new family. She is your niece."

"I miss Mama and Tishtin," Sisi sniffed.

"I know, Sisi," she told her. "And it's okay to miss them. But we love you and we will take care of you, and Mina, too. When the bad men came and took you away, who looked for you?"

"The 'Mander found us."

"That's right. And who sent the Commander to find you?"

"Zinja and 'Tenant."

"That's right, Sisi. Because they love you."

"And Zinja got hurt fighting bad men!" Sisi added.

"Yes, she did. But she is going to get better."

Sisi fidgeted in her safety seat. "Ixma? I have to pee."

"I think that's my cue to get us home," I chuckled as Ixma and I buckled up. "Just a few minutes, Sisi. Can you hold it until we get home?"

"Okay," the little girl asked. "When can I go?"

"Hang on, please. We're almost there," I assured her.

"I gotta go, 'Tenant," she warned.

"Yes, ma'am." I made the turn onto West Seashell Lane. Ixma gave my arm a gentle squeeze.

"Ixma? What's a ma'am?"

"It means you are a lady, Sisi. He is being respectful to you."

As we pulled up to the cottage, the headlights revealed a stark image. The door was ajar and the front windows were broken out, torn curtains hanging askew. Litter covered the small yard. I pulled off the road before the driveway.

"Ranji?"

I glanced at Ixma, her worried face faintly illuminated by the dashboard lights. I shut off the engine. "Help Sisi out, Ixma. Take her by the bushes so she can pee. As soon as she's done, I want both of you to get back in the car."

"Yes, sir."

I got out, grabbing the flashlight into my left hand, flipping the safety on the Talon and loosened the strap, keeping a sharp lookout, scanning around for any movement or hidden danger. I was so glad that I had kept Ixma and the girls with me this afternoon and evening.

Sisi was quiet throughout, no doubt sensing our tension, and she did her business by the bushes without issue. Both hurried back to the ChoCac, Ixma climbed into the back seat with the girls.

I leaned by the open door. "Stay in the vehicle. Doors locked. Grab my satchel from the floor by your feet. If you need it, there's a pistol inside. Understood?"

"But--"

"No buts, Ixma. You must protect our children. If it comes to a choice between me or them, they come first. If anything happens, you have the vehicle's AI call Sergeant Chita or Sergeant Yalcamara for help, but you do not get out of this vehicle until I tell you it is safe. Am I clear?"

"Yes, sir."

"A.I., when I close the door, secure the doors."

"Confirmed," the vaguely masculine voice replied.

When the door closed, I heard the locks engage.

I didn't expect anyone to actually be inside the cottage. Whoever had broken inside had probably done their damage and left. Nonetheless, I wanted to be sure and to assess the damage. Turning on the flashlight in my left hand, I drew the pistol.

Entering the house cautiously, it didn't take long for me to search the place. The only item readily missing was the vid-comp. But the vandalism was puzzling. The chairs and small table were broken. Couch cushions slashed and ripped apart. The kitchen was a similar disaster. Cups and plates scattered about, many of them broken. Food containers smashed. The small fridge was thrown over and its contents emptied onto the floor, the power cord severed.

Disturbingly, even the unit logo on the wall was defaced. Janetta would rightly take it as a personal insult to herself and to her unit, and she would be furious.

The bedrooms had fared much worse. Clothing flung about, much of it deliberately destroyed. Mattresses gutted and blankets cut into shreds. It was as if whoever had done this made sure not a single item of clothing remained clean or wearable. Water ran from the bathroom, spilling out into the hallway and into the bedrooms.

This hadn't been theft, but rather a focused destruction of all that we owned. That in itself told me a lot.

With a sigh, I put the safety on and secured my pistol. I shut off the water to the toilet and turned off the shower. Towels had been used to clog the drains. The cheap carpet was a soggy mess and would take days to dry out.

I think what actually made my anger go from cold to hot was finding the large picture of Zinja and Ixma on the floor, the frame broken and their image ripped to shreds.

Defacing the unit image on the wall in the front room was bad, and any warrior would be rightly angered at the affront to their unit. If she ever found out who was responsible, I had no doubt Janetta would kill them and I would not blame her. Her crew would also rightly be incensed. If the other members Janetta's unit found out about the defacing, they too would be honor-bound to exact blood revenge.

Even so, everything else in the house was replaceable. But that picture? I hoped that Zinja had her data stick on her person or safely stored elsewhere. The notion that that photograph might be gone forever? Zinja and Ixma were my family, and I took that act of cruel vandalism personally.
