 Summary: 

Newly promoted Field Commander Ranji Kandikan has returned to High Guard War Base. With the help of the Empress' Personal Household Guard and the 67th Armored Division, as well as Janetta, Doyya, and Sowitwee, those loyal to Commander Voyacherno are defeated and Voyacherno himself is taken away under arrest. Tonca was beaten in personal combat and killed. 

Ranji has been placed in command of the 602 Air Security regiment. Using the warrant given to him by the Air Marshal, he issues a base-wide Protection Order. He is also tasked with ending the reign of terror and the growing tensions between the Air Service and the Ground Service, and rebuilding the shattered regiment. 

Impending is the inspection by the Air Marshal to review the situation at the base and Ranji's solutions within sixty days. Many of those experienced in patrol duty are either dead or transferred out. CAPT Doyya Lovyanchiti, SLT Yalcamara Tchanoonka, SrSGT Chita Wanwari, Senior Lieutenants Jaynobro Raltikon and Penimits Fortri and others join Ranji's command, filling critical positions within the fractured unit. 

Janetta's crew of Zinja, Cholan, and Ixma, as well as Ranji's Personal Servant Calia and Ranji's daughters Sisi and Mina have just returned to the war base, where they have been greeted by Ranji and Janetta. 

Welcome back to the weird and violent world of Starlight Gleaming and the Empire of Chimorro. This chapter picks up immediately after the events of Chapter 17. 

------ 

For what it's worth, on a standard word-processor page, using one-inch margins and 12point Arial, this chapter starts with page 1070. That's three decent-sized novels to this point. I still make way too many mistakes, even with my dedicated reader. For those who have waited, thank you. I wish I was able to write faster. There are other stories screaming to get out, but Starlight Gleaming is my priority. I've pretty much given up on other activities, typing away whenever I can put two coherent thoughts together until I can't see straight; then when I reread it, it has to make sense and be good storytelling, or it goes in the digital bin. 

For what it's worth, I have more than forty pages of notes, and still errors slip through. Like misspelling Charunt in chapter 17. What? You thought I kept this all in my head? Heh heh heh. That's actually pretty funny. 

Unfortunately, my health issues continue. For all those patiently waiting for my next story, a hearty and appreciated thank you. I'm actually very close to finishing chapter 19. I originally planned this to be one chapter (368 pages!), but decided that there was a natural break near the middle, so I am posting chapter 18 now and I'm going to add a bit more to the end of 19. 

Thanks to TerrytheTraveler for lending a hand with catching errors. For my past readers, ThatEditorGuy and gyfurune, a shout out to you. Slainté, and I hope life is treating you well. Any gaffs, typos, dropped words, usage errors, omissions, commissions, permissions, WTFs and OMGs are totally my fault. Enjoy! 

* * * * * 

Book 4 - Rebuilding 

Part 1 - Welcome Home 

* * * * * 

All of us gathered on the tarmac in the shadow of the huge Condor spent several minutes hugging and kissing, happy to be reunited once again. 

It had only been two days since we'd left my parent's estate. And yes, I wished I could have had more time to visit my parents, and actually see them interact with my girls. Even with the orders, I'm glad we came when we did. High Guard War Base had been sick, and Orchid's work was finally being completed. Yes, I didn't see this as my chance so much as my carrying on what Melannee Siroptic acting in her role as Commander Orchid had started. 

I had thoroughly enjoyed the private time spent with Janetta, and I think she did, too. As much as I wanted more of that, I had also missed the rest of my family, the warmth of their presence, and the sounds of their voices echoing in the hallways and filling rooms with their laughter. 

Happy to be rejoined with us and reassured the danger had passed, the adults were eager to learn about what had happened. Janetta informed them they would hear the full story once we were home. Despite Sisi's precious hug, I could see, too, that she and Mina were tired from a full day of traveling. 

We spent several minutes packing all the luggage, and then shifting things around so we could squeeze everyone into two vehicles. If Sowitwee and Nariya had been there, we couldn't have done it. As it was, we did need to use both ChoCacs. Once the luggage was secured, my girls were belted into their safety seats, and the adults found places to squeeze into, we were ready to go home. 

Janetta, as she climbed into the driver's seat of the cargo wagon, gave me a daring look, and asked Sisi if she wanted to have the lights and siren on while we drove home. 

Sisi, joined by Mina, yelled her approval. 

My mouth fell open, pausing midpoint while getting into my cruiser. 

"Janetta! No! You can't-" 

My voice was lost over nearby people chatting and scattering and the noise of idling aircraft engines. 

Too late. The doors slammed shut and they were off. Lights flashing in the back window. The siren gave several short bursts, then remained on as they zoomed across the airfield. 

Because of space, Calia and Cholan rode in the front seat beside me. I quickly buckled in and shot off after them. Because of our speed, I engaged the lights. 

Seeing my grim face, Cholan and Calia both showed worried glances as I worked to catch up to my speed demon. Whatever their thoughts, neither woman ventured to speak on the matter. 

Three streets later, two Ground Security cruisers accelerated, joining in behind me, their own lights flashing. 

"Seven hells, that's what I was afraid of," I muttered. The AI reported the contact ping they sent to my cruiser, and I gave it permission to reply. 

Less than a minute later we pulled up in front of the house. Janetta turned off the lights and siren, using the remote as she pulled up to the garage. As the big door lifted, she drove inside. The door was nearly closed when I parked in the driveway, shutting off my own lights. 

Getting out of my cruiser, I stood waiting by the open door for Ground Security, keeping my hands in plain sight. 

Calia asked, "Should we-?" 

"Stay right where you are," I quietly ordered. "Wait until I get things settled. Because of the lights and siren, they are going to be alert for danger. I'm not expecting trouble, but I don't want you two moving around to cause them undue anxiety. Because of the recent fighting on the war base, security forces are still on high alert. You just got here, and I do not want any accidents." 

"Yes, sir," they echoed quietly, their eyes big. 

Two troopers in the lead ChoCac cruiser stepped out cautiously, looking perplexed, one with his hand near his pistol. Both remained behind their open vehicle doors. 

"Commander Kandikan? Your vehicle reports no injuries or coercion. We need visual and verbal confirmation. Is everything all right?" 

The driver of the second vehicle also got out, also waiting by his own open door. A good move all around, as the nano-hardened doors in the newer vehicles could provide real cover if things got dangerous. The fourth trooper stayed inside the vehicle, probably chatting with Ground Security C&C. It's what I would have done. 

"Everything's fine," I assured them, trying to look as non-threatening as possible. 

"So there's no emergency?" the security corporal asked. 

Using lights to warn others of higher than normal speeds was acceptable. While not always enforced, using a siren for personal use was a fineable offense, even for Security forces. 

"No emergency, I'm happy to say," I confirmed. "Some unauthorized liberties were taken to impress my little girls. Your alertness and concern are appreciated. I assure you, I will deal with the driver." 

They visibly relaxed, but weren't terribly happy. False alarms are never a laughing matter, and Janetta's joy ride was now part of their shift report. The whole thing reflected poorly on me as the new Air Security CO, but I'd rather that than involve Janetta's name. 

"Thank you, sir. Good night." The corporal turned to go. 

Then his partner spoke up, surprising us both. "Commander, can I ask you a question?" 

I grinned. "Of course. Don't promise to answer, but ask away." 

"Is it true that Sergeant Yalcamara's now an officer?" 

"It's true. Sublieutenant Yalcamara Tchanoonka is a good warrior and an experienced field trooper. Stimmi has been promoted to sergeant and is her platoon NCO. I'm sure you've heard about the bullet wound that Captain Lovyanchiti has?" 

The Ground Security troopers openly grinned as they nodded. Everyone at Ground Security knew the story of Janetta making Doyya bare her scar at our dinner table. "Yes, sir," the corporal answered. "Captain Tlacotli sounds pretty hard core." 

I laughed. "She is, indeed. She fought beside me at the temple, and it was a real privilege. As for Lieutenant Tchanoonka, from the first day she joined my command, she approached each day with an eagerness to serve and professional skill and dedication. Captain Lovyanchiti was doing undercover work for me and was shot in the line of duty. By the time we found the captain, she had lost a lot of blood, and her wound had become infected. Circumstances dictated that she be treated at a local medical facility. Lieutenant Yalcamara Tchanoonka volunteered to stay with her. She kept watch a full day and night, staying awake until relieved late the following day. 

"She probably never said anything, but in a separate incident, she and Sergeant Stimmi rescued two Air Service women so badly injured they required surgery to live, and they arrested both of the men who did it. Several Air Security under my predecessor arrived to free the men they arrested, and they proceeded to beat them up - in the lounge of the Naval hospital no less. I happened to arrive and put a stop to it, and saw the men punished. Lieutenant Tchanoonka and Sergeant Stimmi were both at work the next day. They both deserved their promotions." 

I also remembered how she and Doyya readily helped Chita preserve the dignity of two dead JAG officers. 

"Air Service," they murmured appreciatively. 

"Ground Service, too. Llam nuqan." 

As I'd hoped, their demeanor was no longer irritated. 

"Good night, sir." The troopers got into their cruisers. Lights off, one cruiser continued down the street, while the other turned around before driving off. 

Exhaling in relief, I said, "Okay, it's safe to get out now." 

I glanced up and down the street filled with the larger domiciles assigned to officers. Lights on here and there, families inside went about their business. A few window curtains closed upon seeing that the ruckus was over. 

I took in the two women moving about, and was grateful they and the others were alive and well. 

Thinking about Corporals Rilli and Meba reminded me that Rilli and Sosha were both later murdered by Tonca and his men. Which in turn, reminded me that several others had also been slain while I was away. Perhaps an inquiry about Corporal Meba's health and whereabouts was in order. For curiosity's sake. Last I'd heard, she was happy working with the busing program. 

Sowitwee and Zinja came out just as Cholan came around and opened the rear door. 

"Cholan!" Zinja barked out. "How come you aren't out and unloading already! Turn to, Sergeant!" 

Cholan spoke quietly to Zinja while Calia opened the other rear door, loading up on bags and suitcases. Zinja's eyes widened briefly as she glanced at me. The four of them worked quickly at unloading the cruiser. 

I opened the trunk and took out three large suitcases, and closed it back up. I carried them inside, and set them down in the main room, off center from the main traffic flow. Then I headed out to the garage. Glancing around as I walked by, I saw the girls at the table with cups of juice, both munching away on their chocolate pecan cookie. Ixma busily chopping vegetables at the counter. 

Spying Sowitwee come in behind me, I said, "There's more bags in the trunk of my cruiser." 

"Yes, sir." Setting his load next to mine, he went back outside. 

Once inside the garage, I opened the driver door to the ChoCac, sliding onto the seat. I turned the power switch on, and the dash lights lit up. "Vehicle AI, respond." 

"Ready." 

"Can the siren and lights be used without the power switch on?" 

"Negative." 

"Perfect. AI, do you recognize my voice?" 

"Processing. Voice print analysis match. You are Field Commander Ranji Kandikan, Commanding Officer, Air Security Regiment 602, currently assigned to High Guard War Base. Greetings, Commander." 

"My instructions are that if the siren in this vehicle is turned on, that you ask for verbal confirmation of an emergency before allowing the siren to engage." Lights could be used as a caution to pedestrians and other drivers, and did not necessarily mean an emergency. Also, some emergencies required a silent approach. 

"New protocol confirmed, Commander." 

"You have video of the interior during the last time lights and siren were engaged?" 

"Affirmative." 

"Play back video, no sound." 

The monitor in the dash came on, and I saw Janetta grinning like a maniac at the others. Behind her, Sisi clapping in delight. Mina's eyes were wide as she gripped the safety seat as she looked about. Zinja's amused and affectionate smile at her officer. Ixma holding Mina's hand, trying to reassure our daughter. 

"Transfer video file to Air Security HQ, my email address. Basic encryption. Delete record after transmission." 

"Processing. Task complete." 

"Thank you," I said, then realized my mistake. The programs were smart in a cunning sort of way, and were adaptable to a point, but they really weren't sentient. It was just really good programming. I turned off the power and exited. 

I saw Janetta standing by the doorway. The kitchen door behind her opened, and she looked over her shoulder. "Give us some privacy for a few minutes, please. And close the door." 

The door behind Janetta shut. I didn't see who it was. 

Getting out, I closed the door, then parked my butt against the hood of the ChoCac. 

"Did I get you into trouble?" she asked. 

"I'm the new CO for Air Security. But they don't work for me, so... maybe." 

She arched her eyebrows at me. "Did I get me into trouble?" 

"Only with me. Sirens are only for emergencies, Janetta. Well, technically for parades, too." 

"I see. Should I be worried?" 

"If I were you, I'd start running." Then I stood up, narrowing my gaze at her. "You still owe me five belly bubbles from last night, Janetta. Now I'm inclined to collect." 

Eyes suddenly wide. "No fucking way!" 

She turned and blew through the door, and it crashed against the counter behind it. 

I strode after her. Everyone in the kitchen and dining area watched me walk through with intense interest. 

Zinja and Cholan were sorting bags in the main room. Janetta was already on the landing at the top of the stairs, hands on her hips. 

"Stop, Kandikan. Stop right there!" 

I walked across the room to the foot of the stairs. "Sowitwee? When you're done unloading, please make sure my cruiser outside is secure." 

He'd just unloaded another armful of smaller carry bags and satchels. "Yes, sir." 

I took two steps up and paused, keeping my gaze on her. 

Janetta pointed her finger at me. "Kandikan! I'm warning you." She took a step back. "Come on, Ranji. I'll... I'll wash your back!" She looked at me hopefully. "What do you say to that?" 

More steps, then I paused midway up the staircase, my face serious. I called out loudly, "Anyone here want to wash my back?" 

Janetta's mouth dropped open in shock. "I can't believe you just did that. You... you fucking prick!" 

Calia and Ixma both came around the corner from the kitchen. 

"Right now, Commander?" Ixma asked loudly, large cutting knife in her hand. 

"Yes, my lord. A moment to take off my apron," was Calia's response. 

"I'll wash your back, Commander," Cholan offered, grinning. 

"I'm offering, too," Zinja happily added in. "Might not be enough room for all of us at the same time, but it'd be fun trying." 

Janetta's face fell. "You, too, Zinja? My loyal sergeant? You're supposed to have my back!" 

"Captain, I will happily wash your back, too," she replied with a snicker. "I'll do you both at the same time, if you like." 

"You're not helping, Zinja!" Janetta protested loudly. 

The tall Oexecan woman just grinned, shrugging her shoulders in a helpless gesture. 

I resumed climbing steps. 

Janetta stepped back, putting one hand up toward me. "Ranji! Wait, wait!" 

"Take your medicine like a warrior, Janetta." 

"In your dreams, asshole!" she snarled, her face darkening. Then dashed for the bedroom. 

"Commander?" Zinja called. 

I paused and turned at the landing. "Yes?" 

"Should I be worried, sir?" 

"Janetta had me take her on the dining table last night. Said she needed to be first, and she said she didn't care who was second. She also had me take her on your couch, Cholan." 

Zinja laughed. "Every woman for herself, huh? Well, that clarifies things. No prisoners, Commander. Give her what for." 

Whispering quietly and grinning, Ixma and Calia returned to the kitchen. 

Cholan looked at me, her face a mix of emotions. "I know she's my officer and she's the mistress here, but... but that's my couch! In my room. I should have been the first!" Her face hardened. "Make her beg, sir." 

"I'll do that." 

I headed down the hall. Entered the open bedroom. Janetta stood in the second Eagle defensive stance, poised to fight. Her face, though, was flustered. 

"Are we going to wrestle first, Janetta?" I didn't approach any closer, but unbuckled my weapon belt. 

"I do not want to be tickled again, Kandikan. I'm not kidding. Try it and I will hurt you." 

"I thought you had a good time yesterday." I double-checked that the weapon safety was on. Removed the magazine and charged it, forcing the unspent cartridge to eject onto the dresser top. Catching the cartridge before it rolled off, I replaced it into the magazine. 

"I did," she admitted, scowling, and obviously conflicted. "It was a really good time." 

"It was the first time you and I actually played together. Your laughter was music to my ears. So what's the problem, Janetta?" After reloading the magazine, I put the weapon back into the holster. 

"Everything was great, Kandikan, except for the tickling. I laughed because I had no choice! It was unnerving. And..." Her voice trailed off. 

"And?" 

"I almost peed my pants! I'm a grown woman, damn it. A warrior! I felt helpless and it was fucking awful!" She glared, defiant as she firmed up her defensive stance. 

"Aren't you vulnerable every time I enter you? Aren't you helpless when you're coming on my cock?" 

Her voice was a mix of anger and vulnerability. "It's not the same, Ranji. Tickling is not fun to me. It's hard to even tell someone to stop." 

"Fair enough. You told me and I'll respect your wishes. No more tickles." 

She looked relieved, relaxing. "So, no punishment for the siren?" 

"Nope. You were showing off for the girls. I get that. However, I made it a requirement that anyone who turns on the siren needs to verbally okay the command. When the siren engages, it tells the AI there's an emergency. Both the dashboard and cabin cameras turn on so that whatever happens is added to the official record. You might not have seen them, but there were two Ground Security cruisers following us home, thinking there was trouble and ready to jump in and risk their lives for us. Creating a false alarm, like using the siren for personal use - well, it doesn't happen often, but it is a fineable offense." 
