 Summary: 

Field Commander Ranji Kandikan is arriving at Copán War Base. Janetta has given her E-man, Sgt Cholan Yakalme, some time off. Ranji's plan is to take the weekend and pay off the debt owed by Sowitwee's family and free Wit's father. As a sideline, he plans to visit Cholan's family, and in between, have a good time with Cholan herself. 

That's the plan, anyway. 

Accompanying Ranji are a platoon of Air Security volunteers, led by LT Yalcamara Tchanoonka and assisted by her lover, Sgt Stimmi Parletl. Among the volunteers are TSgt Mack, Sgts Yelts and Vaniksl, CPLs Cooma, Haytam, and Laylindi, as well as a few other new security troopers. 

Welcome back to the weird and violent world of Starlight Gleaming and the Empire of Chimorro. This chapter picks up immediately after the events of Chapter 18. 

Please be aware within Part 24, there are discussions of abusive sexual situations. If those bother you, please skip ahead. The place is marked. 

As this is a continuation of Book 4, this will start with Part 17. 

Thanks to TerrytheTraveler for lending a hand with catching errors. For my past readers, ThatEditorGuy and gyfurune, a shout out to you. Slainté, and I hope life is treating you well. Any gaffs, typos, dropped words, usage errors, omissions, commissions, permissions, WTFs and OMGs are totally my fault. Enjoy! 

* * * * * 

Book 4 -- A Visit to Copán 

Part 17 -- Proper Sleeping Arrangements 

* * * * * 

The Condor landed at Copán War Base without issue. Ground Security logged our arrival. There was also a driver and an Tortoise armored transport were waiting for us, courtesy of Commander Brenaka. A trip to the main terminal for latrine breaks for everyone. While there, Cholan, Sowitwee, and I changed into our Class A uniforms. The transport dropped us off at an unused hangar. 

I asked the driver to verify our destination, and he showed me the orders. Weekend assignment of Hangars 67, 68, and 69. 

Copán was home to three divisions of Ground Service and several flights of Air Service tactical support units. Someone at the Quartermaster's Office was having a lark at our expense. The hangars looked like they hadn't been cleaned in years. The day was warm enough, so six troopers scattered in search of water hoses to wash out the floors and clean them for use. As a green sublieutenant, the QMO could have gotten away with it. As a senior ranking officer, I didn't have to put up with such juvenile treatment. Even more grating -- and embarrassing -- was that it affected Cholan, Wit, and a platoon of my troops. 

Preparing for the worst, Yalcamara and Stimmi remained to supervise the clean up of our quarters. 

Taking Sowitwee and four troopers with me, I had the transport driver drop us off at Supply. Cholan, with several troopers to help shop and as escort tagged along, continuing on to the Commissary to purchase essentials like soap, towels, brooms, toilet paper for forty-three people, as well as coolers filled with ice and drinks for everyone, and two score cases of liquid refreshment. 

I also asked Cholan to get me five hundred credits in notes, with one of the hundred in twenties. 

"Oh, yes, Commander," she said, her voice low and sultry. Then she grinned cheekily at me with backward glance and a wiggle of her hips. Giggling, she dashed to transport. The laughing women troopers helped her aboard and it sped away. 

That display earned me some indulgent grins from Sowitwee and my guards. Her actions helped lighten my mood. 

While I signed off on the forms at Supply, two Armadillos were loaded with our new vehicles. We were getting twelve new ChoCac security cruisers as well as four type-G heavy ChoCacs with the anti-vehicle guns, as well as six M-type ChoCacs with the fifty-calibers. The G- and M-type vehicles were replacements for those lost during the fight to remove Voyacherno from command of the 602. 

I also requisitioned cots, mattresses, blankets, pillows, mosquito netting, four stoves with cooking supplies, three score field mess kits, and other essentials for our short stay. We'd take the additional gear back with us to High Guard. They could go into the emergency shelters there. More forms to fill out and sign. 

When the transports carrying our vehicles and supplies departed, I told the Supply lieutenant that I needed to go to Motor Pool next. Our vehicles were loaded for transport, and while here, we needed to be able to get around. 

He started to give me directions, but I shook my head. "There are several staff vehicles parked out front. I have to be downtown in the city center in two hours." I pointed at my grade pins on my shoulder. "I am not walking. Send a driver with us and you can have your staff vehicle back for when you get off duty. Otherwise, I will leave it at the Motor Pool for you to retrieve later. I like the one on the end." 

I pointed out the window. The vehicle in question was in the CO's designated slot. 

He pursed his lips. "Sergeant, please drive the commander and his men over to the Motor Pool." 

Since the sergeant knew the way, he drove. Very comfy seats, too, with custom leather upholstery. It was quiet the whole trip. Once we arrived, the sergeant wasted no time before departing. 

Sowitwee grumbled, "I can't believe he was going to make you walk, sir." 

"But we didn't." On a hunch, I called Yalcamara. "This is Kandikan. Our vehicles should be arriving in your area soon. Don't sign off on them until you compare both license plates and vehicle ID numbers to the manifests. Do a power on, and have the AI run a summary diagnostics check. Make sure we're getting what we signed for." 

"You suspect a problem, Commander?" 

"Just being cautious. Nothing overt, and it could just be the Air Service uniforms. But when it comes to supplies, I want an inventory roster that matches what we actually have. If it doesn't match, I want to know the reason why." 

"Confirmed, Commander. I'll handle it." She hung up. 

I looked at my watch and frowned. It was getting late in the afternoon. The courts would be closed the next day, so we had to get a move on. The visit to Cholan's parents would definitely have to happen the next day. We'd need four vehicles and two drivers. Two for my people to get around the base, and the other two with drivers for trips into town. 

Inside the Motor Pool office, I was politely told I had to wait twenty-four hours before a single vehicle would become available. 

"Second Sergeant, I need to get into Copán before close of business, today." 

"I'm sorry, sir. All vehicles are accounted for until ten hundred hours tomorrow." 

"You have no reserve vehicles at all?" 

"No, sir." 

Stepping away from the desk a few feet, I pulled out my phone and dialed. 

"Brenaka, here." 

"Commander Brenaka, this is Commander Ranji Kandikan, Air Security from High Guard. I believe Captain Bilan Monaycote of the 716 Mobile Infantry may have spoken to you about me?" 

"Yes, he did. Is it true Sergeant Styen works for your family?" 

"It is my privilege to know the man. Styen taught me nearly everything I know about martial arts and about honor. These days he is guarding my father." 

"Sounds like he's keeping busy. What can I do for you, Commander Kandikan?" 

"First, a thank you for the transport waiting for us on arrival. It's too bad the war base here is so full. The only place your Quartermaster's Office had available were some empty hangars with not even bedding available. I had no idea things at Copán War Base were so desperate. I've already taken care of obtaining gear from Supply. We're only here a short time, and I'm under a time crunch. There are some matters in Copán at the courthouse that need my personal attention. I also need transport, but Motor Pool says there is nothing available until tomorrow." 

"Just the one vehicle?" 

"Two at a minimum, but four would really be better. I have a full platoon of troopers with me, as well as my aide and a guest. Most of my men will be guarding the new vehicles we are picking up for the regiment. Some in the Quartermaster's Office decided we needed to shelter in an empty hangar by the airfield. I'd like for them to have at least one vehicle to pick up food for meals while I'm away. I also need one for me. My guest would like to go shopping tonight while I'm at the courthouse. Drivers who know Copán for both of us would be excellent, but if we had newer vehicles with HUD displays, we could provide our own drivers." 

"Sounds reasonable enough. Thank you for the information, Commander. I, too, had no idea things were so bad here that a senior officer had to receive such accommodations, and I appreciate you bringing this to my attention. I intend to look into this matter after we get off the phone, and after I've arranged for your vehicles. 

"Captain Monaycote tells me Styen saved him and his family, but he didn't elaborate. Would you be available for drinks later at the Officers Club? Say at nineteen hundred hours?" 

"Officers Club at nineteen hundred hours tonight sounds perfect. I look forward to meeting you in person," I replied. Glancing at Cholan, "Is it alright if I bring my guest?" 

"Certainly. I'll bring my wife. Is this your number I'm seeing on my telephone?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"Sit tight and let me do my thing. I look forward to meeting you and your companion this evening, Commander Kandikan. Goodbye." 

"Thank you, Commander. Goodbye." I closed my phone and slipped it back into my pocket. 

Sowitwee seemed amused. 

"You find this entertaining, Sergeant?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"Explain." 

"If Commander Brenaka is anything like you, sir, then I'd say both the Quartermaster's Office and the Motor Pool are about to find out what it's like to knock over a fully-housed hornet's nest when you're barefoot." 

I smirked. "We shall see." 

As if on cue, a phone rang in one of the back offices. There was nothing for close to two minutes, but eventually a pale lieutenant came out and approached the service counter. 

"Commander Kandikan?" 

I walked back to the counter, flanked by my aide. "Yes, Lieutenant?" 

"I had no idea you were a senior officer, sir, and in need of transportation." 

"Lieutenant, do you know many field commanders who aren't senior officers?" 

The sergeant waiting behind the lieutenant winced. And, to be fair, both men looked older than I was. But grade is still grade. 

"I mean no offense, sir." Tapping nervously on a screen, he said, "Three staff vehicles are being made available for your use right now, Commander. I'm afraid that's all we have available at the moment. How long will you be needing them?" 

"Fan-fucking-tastic. We depart zero-six hundred hours from Terminal Three in two days." 

"So noted, sir. We'll have someone pick them from Terminal Three parking after your departure time." 

"Do these staff vehicles we're getting have AI and HUD capabilities?" 

"Uh, no, sir. They're older models." 

"We'll make do, then," I said. "Print up two maps so we can at least find our way around." 

"Uh, yes, sir." He looked panicked, until the sergeant reached into a drawer and pulled out two pre-printed maps, silently setting them onto the counter. 

I presented my lanyard to check out the vehicles, and two of my troopers followed the laconic motor pool sergeant out to the yard. 

Two Ground Security entered the doors just as I finished with my part of the paperwork. A corporal and a field corporal, and both saluted. "Commander Kandikan? You requested two drivers?" 

"So I did." I returned their salutes. 

Sowitwee winked at me as we headed outside. 

After giving them our location, we waited for the other two vehicles to pull up, and then we set off for our temporary home. 

Taking out my phone, I called Inoye Ranimo, the barrister that Bilan hired. I introduced myself, and explained I was in town to pay off an indenture contract held by Chantamoco Investments and Holdings in person. I needed him to witness and notarize the transaction, and then to accompany me to the state courthouse to file the contract's termination and release of indenture. We would then file a certified copy with the Finance unit at High Guard to stop further deductions from Wit's paycheck. 

He agreed to take the job, stating his fee would be two hundred and twenty five credits. I told him if we could get it done today, I'd pay him three hundred. I also told him that I would meet him at Chantamoco's offices downtown in ninety minutes. He said he would meet us there and hung up. 

Back at the hangar, Yalcamara came up to meet me with a sitrep. "The vehicles and the manifests match up, Commander." 

"Did they fire up and initiate contact with the war base C&C?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"No problems, Lieutenant?" 

"None, sir." 

"Well, if we have to get stuck in the shanty-town part of Copán War Base, at least we're getting good equipment to take home." 

She smiled in agreement. "Could be worse, Commander. We could be stuck by Sanitation." 

"Ah, yes, that's true. I expect we'll take care of Sowitwee's situation in the next couple of hours. Make up an extra bunk for his father, will you? Tomorrow I'm taking Cholan to meet her parents, and then afterward, we're going out. For that matter, why don't you and Stimmi come along tomorrow evening? We have good people here to keep watch over our gear. That way, you can personally keep an eye on me." 

That last bit sold her. "All right, Commander. What time?" 

"I won't know until later. Tomorrow, why don't you check out the local newspapers for shows and concerts and pick something out. We'll meet you there." 

She glanced at Stimmi talking to some troopers. "It sounds fun." 

"In the meantime, I have to leave with Sowitwee. Cholan should go into town and do some shopping for a nice evening dress. I need a couple of troopers to go with her. Here's one of the maps, and the third vehicle is for your use. I'm meeting Commander Brenaka from the war base C&C tonight at nineteen hundred hours at the Officers Club." 

She shook her head. "The third vehicle should go with you, Commander. You know they're willing to break the law. You need to take armed support with you. Let me break the seals on one of our new cruisers and I'll use that." 

"All right. In fact, might as well activate the passive solar collectors on all the vehicles. While they're sitting in the sun, they may as well top up the batteries. Call Chita for my charge card number, and if we need more supplies, I authorize you to make the purchases. I insist, Lieutenant. Cafeteria food is too chancy." 

"Thank you, Commander. I'll pick some dependable people to go with Cholan." 

I found Cholan reading one of the vehicle manuals. After giving her a kiss, I told her about the evening plans, and that she was to go shopping. "Get something casual for the next day, and an evening dress for tonight. You have your charge card?" 

"Yes, sir." She dug out the wad of cash I'd asked for and handed it over. 

I tucked it into my wallet. "Get whatever you want. You are my date tonight at the Officers' Club." 

Her face flushed, but then she gave me a cheeky smile. "Don't you have things backwards, Commander?" 

"How so?" 

"Usually the dates come before the fucking. We've been fucking for a year now." 

"If you don't want to go, I'm sure I can--" 

"No, no! I didn't mean it that way," she said, alarmed. "I'll go shopping and get something nice to wear. I was just saying is all." 

"Cholan, you are my woman, aren't you?" 

A calming breath. "Yes, sir." 

"I plan to take you on a date, show you around, feed you fancy food, maybe dance a little, and then after we come back here, I intend to fuck my Island Girl senseless. Am I clear?" 

Eyes wide and dilated, she nodded. "Five by five, Commander." 

I pulled her into my arms and gave her a solid kiss. She eagerly kissed me right back, then shivered. 

"Do you prefer that I ask you first, and seduce you with my charms?" 

She sighed against my chest, then looked up at me. "I liked you telling me what you want and what you're going to do to me just fine. I love you, sir. I'm happy with however you want me, just as long as you keep wanting me." 

I kissed her again. "Something to tide you over with. I love you, too, Cholan Yakalme. Indulge yourself and have a good time." 

Grinning happily, she got into the Ground Security cruiser with Mack and another trooper, and they drove off. 

Sowitwee and I got into the other Ground Security vehicle, with Corporal Yelts getting into the front seat. One of the staff cars filled with four more troopers and fell in behind us. I gave the driver the address of Chantamoco Investments and Holdings, he entered it into the AI, and we set off. 

We checked out at the gate, then headed north on a main highway for a while, then we turned west. 

"Driver, what's your name?" I asked. 

"Corporal Karmek, sir." 

"Thank you, Corporal. Beside you is my aide, Sergeant Sowitwee. That's Sergeant Yelts." 

"Yes, sir." 

"How long till we reach our destination, Corporal?" 

"Depending on city traffic, twenty minutes to half an hour, sir." 

I relaxed, thinking about the upcoming dinner at the Officers Club. While I wanted to make friends with Commander Brenaka, I also wanted to make this a special night for Cholan. All of us had been working so hard, and this trip was a chance to show her how special she was. My Island Girl was a much better dancer than I could hope to be, but with slow dancing, it's mostly about swaying together to the music. And then, sometime tomorrow, we'd do some early morning shopping together before heading to visit her parents. We'd get introduced, meet with them, have a snack. Hopefully all of us would go out, we'd meet up with Yalcamara and Stimmi for a night's entertainment, and everything would be grand. 

I loved the daily routines at home, and it gave stability for my girls. Each of these women in my life needed their own private, special shared moments, and I needed to make that happen. And those events didn't have to always include me, either. Women needed bonding time with other women just like men needed time with men. 

We eventually pulled into a parking lot. "We're here, sir." 

Fairly upscale locale, I thought, looking around. In the heart of the business district, with both merchants and higher-end guild shops around us. 

Karmek remained in the vehicle, but the rest of us stepped out. Three more troopers fell beside Sergeant Yelts. Another sergeant and two more corporals, all three women. Helmet visors down; it provided protection, but it was also a deliberate act of separation. They were armed warriors with no visible faces to read or appeal to; ready to do violence if duty required it. 

Sowitwee opened the door for me, and as we entered, a man in high-class civilian trousers and a flowery tunic clutching a briefcase rose to his feet. 

"Commander Kandikan?" he inquired hopefully. 

"Mister Ramino, I presume?" I held out my hand. 

He nodded, giving me a brief handshake. "A pleasure, my lord. Shall we dispense with the preliminaries first?" 

We sat in adjacent chairs. He opened his briefcase and handed me a single-page contract, showing that I was retaining him solely for short-term services for business dealings in Copán. Satisfied, I signed at the bottom, and digging out my wallet, handed him three hundred-credit notes. 

Smiling, he tucked the funds into an inside pocket on his tunic, closed his briefcase, and we approached the receptionist. 

Ramino spoke, and first we went through a customer service representative. A few minutes later, a supervisor joined in, until finally I sat before a heavy-set manager. The manager kept looking between me, Sowitwee, and the four Air Security guards standing quietly near the door with assault rifles, helmets, and protective vests. 
