 A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, there was a young, teenage human girl who was given certain DNA inclusions into her basic cellular makeup that allowed her to hear from the unseen world. She was an illiterate peasant girl from the country side of a nation now known as France, on a planet named Earth. Embroiled in many wars for far too long, the nation had run out of options and was at a loss as to how to keep their borders safe from the encroachment of neighboring nations and also the turn coats within the country itself.

The girl, whose name is Jehanne, took it upon herself to approach the ruling class of the day with her orders from the unseen world to take charge of the armies of the nation and lead them to victory. Taken as a "crack pot" by some and a divinely lead "angel" by others, the rulers threw up their hands in resignation and gave the young girl her shot at leading the charge against the enemy. This she did with full confidence, despite having no training or experience in war maneuvers at all. And, to everyone's amazement, she garnered amazing success.

Her feats were not unnoticed by the religious leaders of her day, who took umbrage at the idea that this itinerate peasant girl could have contact and also success without encumbering herself with the leadership of the church. Falling into the hands of the enemy, she was tried for making claims that the church believed were only to be made by the church itself, as far as being in contact with spiritual beings is considered. This ultimately lead to the ruling leaders condemning the young girl to be burned at the stake for her supposed crimes. 

Love took great distress at these events, despite the obvious road that such directives would have taken any person, be they male or female, young or old. I, Praetor-Sunil, a Starrider by birth, many Earth years before those events aforementioned, was called to the despicable planet to give service in the name of Love. Being of corporeal reality, and configured for life among the stars, myself and my kind were given the great gift of refusing the effects of physical laws of the universe. My mission: To spare the girl such a tragic end as had been assigned to her and create a false death for the Earth people to believe in. Only this - and nothing more.

Jehanne was indeed given follicle decortication, and tied to a stake for her execution. Once almost engulfed in flame, I myself, stepped forward into the torrent and retrieved the girl from her frightening fate. Using the selected bending of light, I and Jehanne were unseen by those who witnessed the grisly event as we made our away. Ashes were left in place as proof of her demise, which were senselessly burned once again just for the good measure of the religious autocracy.

Since that day, Jehanne has lived among the Starriders and has made her home on a planet of Starrider creation called Talon-Betwee. Love created a special animal for her company called a Legit-Roos, which she affectionately refers to as a "space cat", in human terms. She remains there, in the company of Starriders, at her tender age of nineteen, even in this day. 

But her family continued on... 

*******

Northern lights flashed by and then they were gone. And as old stars where dying, the new ones were born. I held Jacell-Aroo tightly to my body as we spun and swirled while rocketing headlong at unknown speeds through the vast, star splattered vacuum. She was, as you may guess, my deepest and most loving obsession. Though far and near we were surrounded by the wondrous visual tapestry of lights and streaming cosmotic glory, Jacell-Aroo filled my senses with all that the glorious universe could provide - all of this, and so much more.

At our current rate of movement, the lights surrounding us shot out in visual daggers that slashed through the blackened backdrop of the universe. There were purple gas clouds to our left as we made our way across endless light years of open space which was filled with any number of fiery comets, both large and small, that streaked across the multi-colored quinta essentia astroplane of aerospace at various angles to our own trajectory. 

We beheld the marvels in the darkness.

I looked down into her large, black eyes and for a moment noticed the reflection of the rainbow colored star cloud incubators we passed as we made our way through the Renatic-pathrow system. However, none of the billion light year long and wide symphony of clouds and stars could compare to the stark beauty of my love's eyes. Those eyes which looked back at me with deep care and satisfaction - this, and so much more. 

I reached down with my lips and pressed them against her warm, soft mouth. Her body rose to meet mine, her breasts pressing ever so intently into my own chest. We spun like wildly meandering comets in our head long trajectory in response to the rushing of our internal nervous systems. In my own throat I could feel the pulse and throb of my own heart beat. In my loins I could feel the deep need to thrust and parry with her clutching, groping muscular vaginal walls. 

They pulled at me, almost needfully, as if to suggest that I might not jettison within the awaiting womb, every drop of my own Starrider seed which I carried with much love and giving in hopes of communion with my Jacell-Aroo. My one and only. My forever. Such perfidy! I thought within myself. But only in a slight moment of self-jest. For I knew such movements were merely the automatic functions of our physical reality which existed solely for the purpose of transiting our spiritual communion. Only this - and nothing more. 

She withdrew her lips from mine momentarily and spoke, "Look, my love. My Praetor-Sunil. Look at the incubators! The universe gives birth!"

I turned my head to look upon the gargantuan green and purpling clouds which drew up from an angle deeply below us and arched their caracole heads toward us from distances which were so far away, measurement was a matter of faultless redundancy. Brightly sparkling stars spat and jumped from somewhere deep within their mother's pseudo-consolidated bodies. Their actions seemed to suggest a joy and glee at being released from the womb of their darkened mother as they ejected into the vast amplitude of their new home.

"At this distance," I told her. "It is difficult to imagine that they are indeed wholly formed suns. Suns which will, in time, contain their own orbiting gas worlds which will spiral around them in a gravitational promenade."

She chuckled at me. "You are such the charmer, my love. My life."

I nodded. "I am cognizant. I know it is you, yourself who wish to join the incubators in their parturition. I, myself, have such designs of progenitor-ship. For you my love, my life, I will make a special appeal to Love." I told her and then followed up with a slight thrust of my hips and a peck on those delicious lips.

She angled her head slightly below my own as I held her in my arms, a wist-full and slightly disappointed expression upon her lovely bleach-white hued face. She whispered in my ear, almost sorrowfully. "Love knows."

I paused for a moment as my own view now looked out beyond her lovely flowing alabaster hair, which barely moved from its wild, wiry position as we streaked across the galaxy while holding each other tightly in each other's arms. I regarded the berthing stars and said in my own whisper, though for us whispering mattered little, "I know. Love knows. We all know." 

With that, I thrust harder and longer into the vibrating sex of my lovely Jacell-Aroo. I kissed her hard and long. It was so much my desire to be wholly internalized and consumed by her love, her life, her inner heart which had been especially prepared for me, and me alone. And I, I for her. This was so ever since the beginnings of the grand galaxy within which we escalated with no real destination or fear. Save perhaps, as fear, separation. Save perhaps, as destination, one of the multi-colored garden like planets which Starriders were known for creating and then consummating their love upon. Knowing this - and so much more.

She perceived my inner thoughts, as she was designed to do, and smiled to me. Her blessed breath a warm balm to my heart. "Yes! Let us traverse to Gandalt-foret! Let us make love among the peritt marsh!"

"Feeling especially sensual, my love, my life?" I queried. I asked as such for I knew of the sensual and erotic effects of the peritt marsh, and their enzymatic influence upon Starrider flesh. They were not required, of course, but were a cocktail of additional stimulants which could be enjoyed as they enhanced the physical side of our love making empiricism.

"To Gandalt-foret we go!" I said joyfully, knowing it would bring an end to her temporary ennui. With that we held each other tighter in our coital bond and careened across the sparkling void toward our gluttonous sexual rendezvous. 

Only this - and nothing more.

******* 

Roughly we rode the tide of atmospheric turbulence as we hurtled past the ice crystal canopy which encased the planet. Gandalt-foret's upper atmosphere was, as is most all life bearing planets in the universe, a thick sheet of ice formed crystals hung high above the land in what could be deemed as the thinnest layer of major effluvium required for life sustaining, or as I should more specifically state, land based flora and fauna. 

The ride was indeed jarring and yet most fortuitous in its assistance of my continued lovemaking with Jacell-Aroo. Her eyes were wide with inner realization and she hummed and gasped at the throbbing and grinding that the turbulence added to my own vigorous coition. Below us, out of the site of my love, whose gaze was skyward, the massive land forms of the planet's crust rushed toward us like giant emerald jigsaw pieces.

"OOOhhh...OOhhh... my love!!" She moaned as she vibrated wildly within my grasp. Her eyes were literally rolling to and fro within her head.

I began to chuckle. "Hehehe... my love, we are not alone in the on rushing marsh!" I spoke as such due to the increasing encroachment of familiar consciousness which, although hardly ever out of total reach for either of us, sliced into our own realization as we drew nearer the peritt marsh. 

"It is Ladro-Carent and Foril-Lunite, his love, who inhabit the marsh ahead of us." I told her amongst much bouncing and jarring of our entwined bodies.

"Yes...yes..." She said while gasping. "It will be good to join them once more!"

As we began our final descent, I slowed our approach with the weakened and gelatinized Jacell-Aroo tightly held within my grasp. There below us, in the millions of spade petals of the marsh vines, knee deep in the milky deliquescent juices of marsh mare nostrum, were the sexually drunken forms of my brother and sister Starriders: Ladro-Carent and Foril-Lunite. They had been actively enjoying their brutal coitus, aggrandized by the chemical influences of the marsh, for nearly fourteen cycles of the moon. To state that they were both stupid with sexual union, would be an illicit witness.

"AV-AH! My brother! AV-AH! My sister!" I called out to them as we swooped gently to a landing beside them. The waters of the marsh gently waved in ripples at the arrival of our added density. 

"AV-AH!" Called back Ladro-Carent. He weaved and chuckled uncontrollably as he attempted to receive us. His love, below him, her body mostly buried in the marsh milk, also gave us greeting.

I placed a hand on his shoulder while setting Jacell-Aroo on her feet beside me, and I said to him, "Do not try to rise, my friend, your love will be most cross at your sudden withdrawal."

"Hehe...hahaha... no, no..." He chuckled and wavered while trying to stand. "We have been at... heheheh... we... hehehe..."

"Yes, I am aware..." I told him with a large, understanding smile. "I perceive the state of gluttonous sexual sybaritism of both you, yourself and your loving mate. Do not try to make pleasantries toward us whilst inebriated as such. You will only confuse your inner equilibrium."

Staggering on his knees, he waved me forward. "Join us! Hehehehe...Join us both you, yourself and Jacell-Aroo, for it has been... heheheheh... wooooo... far too many moon cycles since we enjoined our carnal and spiritual selves with you both, hehehehehe...our brother, our sister." 

I smiled and laughed a bit at his engorged state of love and sexual expression, and the euphoric state of his love, Foril, who merely lay in the milky effluence of the marsh, dazed and spent and half insensate from their marathon of intimacy. 

I said, "Of course! Of course we shall join you, as would Love have it! We will indeed have love... and be love... and make love... though there be fourteen cycles of the moon between us." With that I reached out for Jacell-Aroo's hand and guided her to kneel beside me, beside Ladro and above Foril, who lay in the marsh.

He placed a hand on my shoulder as though to give me pause for a moment and said with an expression of thoughtful searching upon his elongated, bleach-white face . "But... there is something... hehehehe... yes... yes... but what????" He pondered. "I have something to ...uh, tell you, Praetor... uuhhhh... hehehehehe..."

Kneeling in the marsh now myself, feeling my naked skin absorbing the chemical effects of the marsh, I asked, "What is it, my brother? What slows your pace?" I held Jacell close to me around her slim waist as she began to nibble gently at the corners of my ear. She held me as well, wrapping her elongated arms around my upper torso, her slim fingers caressing my glabrescent epidermis. 

He shook his head as though to clear it. "I cannot think! I am insane with my love's love! But I have something to tell you... I cannot bring it forward."

"My brother, I perceive that your physical body has alleviated you of your senses. Let us gorge ourselves upon Love's feast! For, protected and held by Love's own hand, what have any Starriders to be earnestly concerned with? We shall speak upon the morn." I offered with good cheer.

He nodded his approval and lay prostrate once more within his love's awaiting arms. I pulled Jacell to me and we rolled downward and lay next to our companions, holding each other in blissful communique as we sank within the marsh mare. The spade leaves of the marsh vines entangled both hand and foot, leg and arm, and often held one fast in their spaghetti vinery which ran in a confusion of interlaced and inter-twisted vines that hid beneath the milky marsh. 

Jacell, herself being more fully submerged, would receive greater effects from the chemical bath than I, myself would. Such was the way of Starrider love within such a marsh. It had been designed as such as per the directives of Love itself. I felt no jealousy toward the greater enhancement of Jacell and Foril's ability to receive greater depth of experience in the marsh than their male counterparts, namely myself and of course, Ladro-Carent. I was indeed, overjoyed to bring such pleasure to my love, and this was, in itself, my own special gift which I and I alone could give her. Only this - and so much more. 

Absorbing the deleterious effects of the marsh through our skin, Jacell and I began to feel the woozy effect of the marsh upon our own intellectual controls. They released the carnal beast within our needy bodies with an amplified coursing that would take time and effort to create and then maintain on our own, a process which neither of us was particularly patient enough to wait upon. 

My elongated member stiffened and impaled her sex, she arched her back and moaned as I re-introduced my native manhood to its intended home. Her arms encircled me and pulled me closer. I brought up my knees beneath her back and locked her pelvic position into my own. Balls deep, I began to hammer my love with repeated strokes which grew more and more bestial as we headed toward sexual nirvana. 

The marsh sloshed around us, covering our bodies in milky white fluids. It bounced and splashed as we bucked and rocked together as our brethren, in the marsh beside us, did the same and together we created a great conflagration of agitation that rippled far and wide throughout the waters. We moaned and gritted our teeth, when we chose to employ them. We bucked and slammed into each other's bodies and seemed to keep a pace that suggested we were all in some hurry to get to some unintended destination without so much as moving from our current positions.

I loved Jacell with all my heart. And she returned in kind. We kissed and held each other tightly as we sought to meld our physical bodies into one glorious carnal seal. The consciousness of our fellow Starriders spilled over into our own and visa-versa, and pushed us to even greater sexual heights. With this added inclusion, we rutted even faster and harder, our females crying out in sexual ecstasy into the dewy atmosphere. Our ravenous sexual lovemaking was sonorous across the marsh plain. 

"OOOooohhhhhHHHHHooooooHHHHHHHooooooHHHhhhooooOOOOOOhhhhhhh..." They cried and moaned.

Ladro and I gritted our teeth and growled our approval. "GGGgrrrrrrruuuunnnnnnnnnnGGGG!"

The marsh tsunami-ed back and forth with kinetic waves which rose higher and higher with our efforts. It seemed we would empty the marsh into the nearby plains with our powerful consummation. 

Only this - and nothing more. 

*******

My penis was now painfully raw, but pleasurably so, from our marathon love making in the marsh, beyond the cycle of three more moons. I sat waist deep in the milky way of marsh, feeling the cooling effects, and quite deliciously pleasurable effects they were, upon my manhood. My head was spinning, my mind fogged from druggery, but there was no danger for Starriders in the wanton sexual release we so much enjoyed. The marsh effects would wear away, our bodies satisfied with each and every application and in no dire need for increase or repetition. Such was the ability of Starriders like myself, and of course, every life form in the vast universe of Love - 

save one.

Ladro, face down in the marsh next to me, having passed out from his engorgement a moon or so ago, raised his head from beneath the waters. "AV-AH, brother." He said wearily. His love Foril, raised her knees on both sides of his sleepy head and took his face in her hands and kissed him.

"Rise up." She told him. "I sense the time has come."

Lifting himself up with his elongated arms he agreed. "Oh, yes. Of course. I do seem to remember my intent upon Praetor's arrival."

Before he could say much, we all sensed the presence of another in the marsh mere seconds before the rippling of small milky waves and meandering vines announced her arrival. There standing above us all, knee deep in the marsh waters, was the smiling human we all knew as Jehanne. When she saw us, she seemed a bit sheepish about her presence, no doubt as she had been somewhere out of visual sight of us as we rocked and pitched in sexual union. 

"Yes! Yes!" Ladro insisted. "Jehanne is here! She is looking for you!"

I looked up in surprise as she approached. Humans were locked off to the consciousness of the universe. They are alone in this. Had it been any one of the other myriad life forms which inhabit Love's home, I would have long known of her place here.

She was, I suppose in human terms, quite the lovely thing now. It had been a very long time in Earth years since I had left her on the planet Talon-Betwee. Time means little to us as Starriders, and as Jehanne no longer ages, it too is a loss to her as a means of measuring entropy. The stars are her home when she can avail a Starrider to transport her from planet to planet as per her need. And protected by Starrider gifts of nullifying physical laws, she needs no protection or for that matter any clothing as she once wore in her human Earth life.
