 Alex Andropov strode with a happy step down the corridor towards the ship's galley. Time for his supper engagement with Wendy and the alluring Priscilla Ward. His mood, he knew, should have been more somber as he recalled how Wendy had already bedded the auburn haired Ward. But he'd awoke with a refreshing outlook, determined to use his own talents to seduce the new crewwoman into his own bed next.

Wendy would gloat a little to him in private that she'd managed to get to Priscilla first, but he knew she wouldn't stand in the way of Alex trying for his turn. Wendy had had her taste, and would likely even encourage him in his efforts. She was just that way. A free spirit who never got jealous or entangled in the messy attachments that seemed to spring up among many of the crew.

Alex entered the spacious dining hall, and grabbed a tray, entering the serving line. While he shuffled forward with the rest, he scanned the numerous tables for signs of his dinner partners.

Wendy waved from a table across the room near the viewports set into the outer wall. Alex gave a smile and a waved back, pleased to see Priscilla Ward seated already at the same table. He made his way over to them with his loaded tray.

"Good evening ladies," he said in greeting.

"Alex!" Wendy bubbled happily. "Sit down with us."

Alex took the offered seat. "Thanks for inviting me Wendy, Ms. Ward."

Priscilla gave him a big smile and a short laugh. "Please, we're all off duty. Call me Priscilla...all around nice guy Alex Andropov, wasn't it?"

Alex grinned slyly. "How about just Alex." Wendy giggled. "How are you settling in aboard our fine ship, Priscilla?" Alex inquired.

Pris dabbed the corner of her mouth with a napkin. Alex couldn't help but notice the to die for red shade of her lipstick. "Just fine. This is a well-kept ship it seems. My department was operating quite well even before I arrived. The team made me feel right at home from day one."

Alex nodded. "That's wonderful. I think you'll find very few uptight people on our good ship Starlight."

Wendy nodded ascent, "We're one big happy space gong community."

The three of them continued their conversations while finishing their meals.

Wendy took the opportunity to talk Alex up a bit to their tablemate. Alex played it cool and shrugged off the compliments. Pris seemed genuinely interested in him however, listening intently to his recap of his life story after she'd inquired. When he happened to mention that the Starlight was the biggest starship he'd yet served on he involuntarily jumped. A stocking covered foot had started to gently caress his right calf.

Alex scrutinized the expressions on both women's faces to determine who was initiating the covert contact. Neither Wendy nor Priscilla showed a clue however as the conversation drifted along. Alex suspected Wendy was up to her shenanigans, but he couldn't discount that the alluring Ms. Ward might be making advances on him herself.

Somehow the conversation turned to idle pondering of their ship's current mission. "It's one of the longest missions I've served on," Pris commented.

Alex opened his mouth to reply but clacked his jaw closed involuntarily as he felt the foot probe gently into his crotch. Deft toes curled and flexed over his cock trapped beneath his uniform pants. His heart picked up the pace and his member began to swell within the confines of his boxers. Again he shot a look into each woman's expression, but Wendy was absently spooning up the last dollop of pudding from her dessert cup and Pris was sitting back slightly, seeming to wait for his comment that had been cut off.

Alex's mind shifted gears, deciding to step into the game that someone was playing. "The mission is indeed a long one. Our prolonged endeavor could be more rewarding in the end though."

The toes still caressing his trapped cock gave a squeeze and Alex gripped the fork he held a little tighter, inhaling through clenched teeth. Pris seemed to have missed the veiled double entendre in his comments. "Actually I have found my time on the ship so far to be eminently more relaxing than any post I've held before," Pris commented. "Everyone aboard seems very competent, but not stressed at all. It's refreshing."

Wendy smacked her lips lightly after finishing her pudding. "Life is good, that's for sure," she said. Was that a wink she just gave Priscilla Alex wondered suddenly. Pris seemed to blush slightly, as she turned her attention back to Alex. "I heard the ship has an actual arboretum with live plants, shrubs, and small trees," Pris said.

Wendy answered. "It's beautiful in there! It's such a big space compared to the confines of the rest of the ship. Walkways lead you deep into the depths of the growth and for a while you might even forget you're on a starship. It's very calming." 

Alex now felt the foot between his thighs stroke more diligently at his ever-hardening cock. "Don't you agree Alex?" Wendy asked with a sprightly gleam in her eye.

It was then that Alex was convinced Wendy's foot was the one taunting him. "Calming indeed," he thought sarcastically. He felt the intruding leg back off finally and the foot stroke gently down his leg before disappearing.

"Why don't you take Priscilla on a stroll there Alex," Wendy suggested. "It's a perfect place to spend some off-duty time."

Alex set his teeth, realizing Wendy had gotten him all hard and was looking forward to his embarrassment when he stood up with a bulge in his pants. But he also realized she'd helped him by giving him a reason to spend more time with Priscilla. Not that he couldn't have managed that on his own if a teasing foot hadn't distracted him. 

He turned his suave gaze on Priscilla however and inquired gallantly "I'd be delighted, if you're up for it Priscilla."

Alex had put a slight emphasis on the word "up" and Wendy couldn't help but let out a small snort of laughter that she quickly covered behind a hand. Pris looked a little perplexed by Wendy's laugh, but she focused her attention on Alex. "It'd be a pleasure to have your company Alex Andropov."

Pris rose from the table and turned toward the recycle area with her tray. Alex stood up with a look toward Wendy. As he suspected her eyes zeroed in on his groin as it came into view over the tabletop. A big smile spread on her face and she tossed him a sassy wink. Alex chastised her with his narrowed his eyes. "Have a nice time Alex," she said with a giggle. Alex could feel his hard-on pressing against the fabric of his boxer shorts, straining outward against his uniform pants. He gave Wendy a crooked smile. "Hasn't been bad so far," he admitted.

He attempted to subtly adjust his step and his swollen member within his pants as he moved off to follow Pris. She turned as he neared and he couldn't tell if she noticed his aroused predicament or not. Surely the sight of her shapely ass walking ahead of him hadn't helped him calm down any. He forced himself to focus on the wall beyond her, anything to bring himself under control. Together they left the dining hall and headed toward the forward part of the ship where the arboretum lie.

By the time they'd arrived Alex's aroused member had calmed down enough that he wasn't so conspicuous. He opened the hatch for Pris in a gentlemanly fashion and ushered her in to a vivid green utopia. Like a space going park, the arboretum spread out across the huge open expanse of the ship. A transparent dome filled the sky from wall to wall, the starlight streaming by beyond.

Tall grasses, flowers, shrubs, and even twelve-foot tall trees filled the nearly three acres of deck space. Real stone walkways meandered through the lush growth. The air was moist and earthily pleasant. The whole room was alive with a fresh smell. The only sound in the air was the swaying of branches and blades of tall grass, stirred by the air circulating fans overhead. All else was quiet, and only occasionally were other quiet voices heard from nearby walkways.

"This is magnificent." Priscilla exclaimed in awe as they strolled down a path. 

Alex nodded. "Only a few ships have been built with a green-space such as this. Everyone I know says it's the best part of the ship. Keeps us all from going a little space crazy."

"I can see why," Pris answered, bending over to smell some orange petaled flowers growing beside the path. Again Alex couldn't help but notice how her uniform skirt drew tighter across her wonderfully shaped backside as she did so. The dull throb in his pants beat a few tempos against his leg.

She straightened and they continued on. "Wendy and you seem to be good friends," Pris remarked. "She talked a lot about you to me even before dinner." 

Alex chuckled, "Well I dunno if you should believe what she said or not."

"It was all good," Pris assured. "She seems to think you are a good man, as far as men go."

Alex chuckled. "I'll have to thank her for that. Wendy is a very good person. Friendly to all, but also a true friend."

"She said you weren't attached like so many other's here on the ship." Pris probed.

Alex wasn't quite sure where she might be leading. "Well as Wendy might have already mentioned, it seems our ship, like most, is crewed by a good percentage of gay males and lesbian females. Since I'm just your regular heterosexual male, I kind of fall in the middle group of leftovers." As the words came out of his mouth he realized maybe he'd jumped into the topic of sex way too quickly. Way to go, he chided himself. "Ah, maybe I said more than I should have there."

Priscilla turned a bemused smile on him. "Relax Alex Andropov, we're both mature adults. Sexuality is not taboo in my book."

Alex was pleased she'd not taken offense. Play it cool now ol boy, he recommended to himself. "Good. I have a habit of putting my foot in my mouth sometimes, especially around beautiful women," he added.

"Hmm, it's a big foot, sorry to hear that," Pris teased.

Alex smiled. She was turning out to be not so unapproachable as he'd first imagined.

"Oh look," Pris gestured, stopping at the entrance to a small side path. "Someone left their jacket." She gestured at a uniform jacket that was draped across the short signpost that announced the name of the little alcove to be found at the end of the path. 

Alex smiled wryly. "Ah...they didn't forget it." Priscilla turned a questioning gaze on him. Alex explained. "You see the arboretum has quite a few hide-a-ways. Places you can go and just sit among the surrounding greenery and enjoy the peace with no distractions. We leave our jackets on the signpost to let others know the alcove is occupied."

Pris pondered this for a moment and surprised Alex with a quick deduction. "Tell me Alex, these alcoves aren't usually occupied by just a lone person. I'd guess they're more often used by two people to slip away to?"

Alex met her questioning gaze. "Most often, yes. And let's just say that they want to assure their uninterrupted privacy, so a jacket is left on the post." Pris smiled at this, and this time Alex couldn't help but notice the wolfish set to her lips.

"And you Alex, you've left your jacket a time or two I'll bet," Pris surmised.

"Not as often as I'd like," Alex replied aloud before he'd thought.

Pris smirked at him. "There's that famous foot in the mouth!"

Before he could cover with some macho comeback, she hooked her arm in his. "Show me one of these hidey holes," she said, tugging him further down the main path. Within a short distance they came to another signpost. Pris shrugged off her jacket and tossed it over the sign. She grabbed Alex's hand and led the way down the small side path. On either side the greenery closed in. Shoulder high grasses topped by an overhead archway of hanging vines and shrubbery. The narrow path turned as they traveled along it, cutting off the view back to the main branch. Within a few yards more they came to the end, a small circle of open space, with a narrow, real wood park bench situated near the back.

"Hmm, even quieter in here," Pris murmured. Alex kept his mouth shut this time. "Pretty cozy...and intimate," Pris added.

Alex noticed how her ample breasts strained the fabric of her light uniform blouse. She stood only a few inches shorter than him, so he couldn't help but have been caught staring down at them. Pris shifted her weight from one foot to the other, and purposefully made her breasts move within her blouse in doing so. Then she placed her hand under his chin and gave him a little upward nudge. "I'm up here Alex Andropov," she chided humorously.

Alex met her eyes and smiled. "Ah, sorry."

"Like you've not seen a set of breasts before?" Pris asked, taking a small step closer and causing the swell of her boobs to push into Alex's chest.

"Well sure," Alex admitted gallantly, "but a man never tires of the view."

Pris cocked her head to one side sending a cascading wave through her heavy auburn hair. "Was it my breasts then that gave you such a hard-on at the diner table earlier?"

Alex gulped, caught by surprise. So Wendy's little trick hadn't gone unnoticed. "Let's just say that I know I didn't have anything to do with it," he responded truthfully, deciding not to ruin a good opportunity.

Pris smiled. She ran her hands over the front of his jacket. "You do fill out your uniform nicely, Alex Andropov."

Alex threw her a wink. "Well then, that makes two of us."

"Oh, you are the charmer aren't you?" Pris replied coyly, then brought her arms up around his neck. Alex didn't get a chance to answer as her full lips found his own and she kissed him deeply and long. He put his own arms around her waist and pulled her tight against him. He reveled in the feel of her breasts pressed against his chest. They kissed for several minutes, warm breath flowing into each other's mouth, tongues testing and probing against each other.

Alex lowered his hands to Pris backside and gently squeezed the soft flesh under her skirt. By now his cock was quickly becoming rock hard once again, pressing ever tighter against his pant's leg. He pulled Pris' pelvis tighter against his own, and had no doubts she could feel his hardness. As if in silent answer, she lightly bit his lower lip.

He brought his right hand upward and cupped the side of her breast. It sent a new thrill though him to feel the heavy fullness of it. 

Priscilla's hand was then fumbling for the zipper catch on his pants. Finding it quickly, she tugged it downward. Alex kissed her lips deeply. She reached inside is open fly and sought out the slitted flap on the front of his boxers. With a deft touch she located it and Alex thrilled to the touch of her warm fingers slipping inside to curl around his throbbing cock. He pulled in a deep breath at the intimate contact.

Pris kept her rich, full lips on his as she tugged his cock out through the opening in his pants. Finally free, his cock swelled anew within her grasp. "Ummm," Pris murmured into his mouth. His cock was pressed hard between their close bodies, and Alex felt the warmth of Pris' skirt covered thigh radiating into his bare cock. After a moment, Pris backed her hips off slightly to allow more room, then began to gently and slowly stroke the length of his cock more freely.

"Like I said," she whispered in his ear, "I couldn't help but notice you fill out your uniform very well." Alex couldn't answer, but locked his eyes on hers. She smiled mischievously. "I want you to know that I've already done more than I usually let myself on a first date," she admitted. "I should have stopped at the kissing. But I realized recently that I am a very horny woman. So I'm bending my rules."

"I'm very happy to be breaking those rules with you Priscilla," Alex said. 

Pris laid an extended finger over his lips to shush him. She continued to stroke his cock with her other hand as she continued talking. "I'm going to tell you something else Alex Andropov. Now that I have your very nice cock in my hand, and I feel how big of an effect I've caused you, it wouldn't be fair to leave you in such a state."

Alex merely nodded, entranced by her words, her eyes on his, and her hand gently tugging below. "See, I'm going to take care of you tonight Alex," Pris continued. "Just you. And next time you can return the favor." Alex was pleasantly pleased that his sheer dumb luck, and admittedly nice cock, had come through for him again, finally. 

Pris smiled at his lack of verbal ability. "Slip out of your jacket for me big boy." He did so and she took it and folded it and dropped it to the ground at his feet. Then she winked at him and lowered herself slowly to her knees before him. 

Alex stared wide-eyed as her beautiful face, her wavy dark hair, and luscious red lips settled at the same level as his groin. His pulsing member pointed straight out, yearning for her touch again. Had he been a teenager he knew he would have blown his load right then, before she even did anything else. He had gotten plenty of blowjobs in his life. But something about the mature, alluring Priscilla Ward, staring hungrily at his naked, rock-hard cock...

Alex was thrilled beyond belief. Here had thought that he would have quite a task ahead of him to seduce Priscilla Ward. And then he had suspected that Wendy 'Hotpants' had stolen Pris away before he'd even had a chance. Now, however, here was the stunning Ms. Ward, kneeling before him and licking her lips in preparation of blowing his hard cock. Alex my boy, he thought, you have the best dumb luck sometimes. Granted Pris was still fully clothed (in it's own way a very erotic situation) and he knew that there were a lot he still wished to see and do with this gorgeous woman. But for the moment, that was far at the back of his mind. Right now he nearly drooled in anticipation of Pris' warm, luscious lips on his manhood.

Pris' nostrils flared slightly, her eyes focused down the length of Alex's hard member. She raised a hand and cupped his balls in her palm, gently weighing their heft. Her tongue slid out between her lips and Alex watched intently as she brought it toward his groin. He then felt the warm wetness of it on his skin at the base of his cock near his balls. Electric fire stabbed into him from the contact. She slid her tongue forward along the underside of his shaft until she slipped under the super sensitive area just behind the flared cock-head. Alex let out a slow gasp. 

Pris moved to the head finally and lathered her tongue caressingly all across it's bulbous surface. She used her lips to lightly kiss it as well, and Alex's leg muscles tightened with the pleasure. He longed to feel those luscious lips surround his shaft, and seeming to sense his need Pris, purposely prolonged his torment. 

Finally, blissfully, she opened her mouth and slipped his throbbing member between her lips. She stopped after just a few inches, using her tongue to slather the end of his cock with saliva. Then she began to bob her head slowly, slipping the end of his cock in and out within the sweet confines of her lips. Alex shuddered at her deft skills.

Soon Pris began to move determinedly forward more with each stroke until after just a few she had fed the entire length of his shaft into her mouth. Alex moaned as he felt her lips sucking greedily at the base of his member while her throat contracted around his cockhead. 

Priscilla released her deep hold after a moment, sliding her mouth back to the end of his member and taking a deep breath of air. She spent some time working the end, bobbing her head gloriously. Alex's breath quickened every time she let her lower teeth lightly graze the sensitive patch on the underside of his rigid shaft.

Sucking noises escaped from Pris' lips now and echoed softly in the quiet alcove. Pris hand had found the way to Alex's ass and she held him tight as her mouth and other hand worked steadily on his cock. Once again she fed his cock deep into her mouth, engulfing the length to its root. With it the head pressed against the back of her throat her tongue flicked out and licked at the front of his balls. Alex had never felt such a maneuver before and was amazed. 
