 Trisha Leone lay on her luxurious bed feeling the .8 earth gravity of the station cradle her gently into the cushion's plush softness. She was the only one of the station's crew who had such luxury, just as she was the only female crewmember. A licensed psychologist and a natural slut, she was many things to the crew of the ESS Columbus. She was the one they turned to when they had problems too personal to discuss with the other crewmembers. She was also each of the eleven men's lover. In return, she enjoyed a private luxurious three-room suite, a very soft, very large bed and many other privileges.

Decades before, the Earth government had discovered that men and women who went long periods without sex were far more apt to get space madness. At first they had experimented with married couples manning the deep space stations but that had brought complications of it's own. Babies on space stations were inconvenient at best and could be a real hazard as they turned into toddlers and began exploring. It had only taken two incidents of explosive decompression destroying multi-billion dollar stations before that idea was scraped.

The slut project was started five years ago, first with any woman who would volunteer but then more selective as volunteers began to outnumber the need. Now it had evolved to where only licensed psychologists and certified sluts were allowed. Each station was assigned a "counselor", the name of the position chosen to placate those on earth whose sensitivities were offended by its true nature. The counselor's main role was to "take care" of the crew's sexual needs. On stations with people of differing sexual orientations serving, two counselors were assigned. Sex was discouraged between other crewmembers because of the complex emotional hazards that could be created. The counselors were trained to deal with the emotional problems and to keep the sex separate from emotion.

That was Trisha's problem right now. Mike Zann, the station's commander was having problems with jealousy. Not a good situation and one that she would have to work out quickly. It was worse that Mike was the commander. Though technically not over Trisha, since she was outside the chain of command, he ran the station and could make her life and job difficult. Worse yet he could, and was, making life for the other ten men miserable.

Just then her door chime sounded, breaking her deep thoughts. She looked over at the clock and hissed to herself "Damn, it's Bill. I forgot all about his appointment." She leapt from her bed and hurriedly checked her reflection in the mirror in her small privy before pressing the small button to open the door.

Bill smiled broadly at Trisha when the door slid open. His eyes slid from her very pretty face, framed perfectly with coal black hair, down over her full breasts, past her firm belly, across her nicely curved hips and down over her shapely legs. "Trisha, you are as pretty as ever." 

Trisha blushed faintly, genuinely pleased at the compliment, and smiled. "Thank you. Come on in. Can I get you anything to drink?" This was another benefit of being the station slut. Crewmembers were only allowed to drink at official functions and "counseling meetings" so she was able to drink nearly every night whereas the other crewmembers didn't have that luxury. 

"Yeah! How about a beer." Even though he had seen her every day for the past nine months, Bill still ogled Trisha as she led him into the anteroom and offered him a comfortable chair. He sat and accepted the glass she offered him.

Trisha stood watching him take his first drink. Bill was a nice man, always cheerful and easy to get along with. He wasn't stunning to look at, but not at all ugly either. His mopish brown hair seemed perpetually mussed, giving him a young boy demeanor even though he was now pushing forty. His face was ruddy, but clean-shaven, with a strong chin and even stronger nose. His eyes were bright and clear and held the color of pale tree leaves. He exercised enough to keep his muscles firm but not enough to give him the ripped body builder look. 

Trisha loved his hands. Of all the men on the station Bill had the nicest hands, strong but gentle with the smooth softness that comes from working a keyboard and not doing manual labor. His fingers were long and dexterous, giving vent to a talent for touching her in exactly the right place during their bi-weekly lovemaking sessions. 

Trisha smiled to herself and then seated herself across from her visitor. "So how are things going in the control room?" She asked when he lowered his now half-full glass.

"Oh shit Trish! Mike is getting crazy! He knew tonight was my night for, uh, counseling and he gave me crap all day. He is just crazy in love with you and, even though he knows it can't be, he still makes life hell for the rest of us."

"I'm sorry Bill." Trisha frowned, small wrinkles furrowing her brow. 

"Ah Trish, I didn't mean to worry you. I know it ain't your fault. Hell you know we all think the world of you. You are our saving grace on this damned, cold station."

Trisha smiled, forcing the worry from her face. "Its okay Bill, I just have to deal with this. Thing is, I really like Mike. I really like you all but if I'm disruptive to the crew I'll have to ask for a transfer."

"Aw shit! Don't say that Trish. No other counselor could take your place. We'd all be space mad in a month if you left us!"

"You are such a flatterer Bill, but you and I both know that a little new poon is good for every man once in a while. You guys are probably tired of looking at me by now anyway."

"Honestly Trish, I would hate to see you leave. You are easy to talk to." Bill got suddenly quiet. "You know Mike isn't the only one with strong feelings for you. He is just the only one who lets it get in the way."

Trisha looked at Bill, a sad smile on her face. She would hate to leave the station too. Each of her men had characteristics she loved, some physical, some emotional, some both. But she could not allow herself to jeopardize the station. These eleven men had to work very closely together for months on end without a break. She was their outlet for the natural tension that built up and if she became a source of tension then she would have to go, replaced by another counselor.

"So how is everything else?" She put a happy smile on her face and leaned forward, intentionally letting her blouse slip down a little and expose a good bit of cleavage.

Bill grinned, obviously staring at her creamy breasts. "Everything else is near perfect!"

Trisha smiled. "Any problems with the rest of the crew? Anything we need to discuss?"

"Naw, nothing that can't wait for an hour or so."

Trisha stood up and led Bill back to her bedroom. "Would you like a striptease or just to get naked?" She asked coyly while slowly pulling his pullover work shirt up and off his body.

"You know me Trish, let's just get naked and happy!" Bill said as her hands grazed down his bare hairy chest and then began to push his regulation work slacks down. 

Trisha dropped to her knees in front of him as she pushed his pants and boxer shorts lower finally exposing his, rapidly hardening, manhood. She helped him step out of his clothes and then turned her attention to his rising cock. She pushed her tongue out and licked the bottom of his balls for just a second before letting her tongue slide up his shaft. 

Trisha was never in a hurry with her men. She took her time to please them; giving each man the things she had learned he wanted most, and still taking the time and effort to make each session new and exciting. She licked softly around the head of his cock, tasting its muskiness, then slowly slid it into her mouth. She was an expert at giving fellatio and used her talent well. Her tongue, lips, and teeth massaged his throbbing cock, stimulating him and building his pleasure slowly. Her tongue felt the hot vein that ran along the bottom of his shaft and she spent time exploring it, watching his reactions, looking for the one spot that would send him over the edge. Her hand slid teasingly up his inner thigh to cup his swelling balls. She squeezed them gently, feeling their weight, as she pushed her head down, taking all of his seven inches into her mouth. The knob of his cock pressed against the back of her throat but did not slide past. Bill was just long enough to let her flex her throat and caress the head of his cock while she deep throated him. As she did this, her other hand slid around his back to gently grip his firm butt cheek. 

Bill stood, one hand resting lightly on her head, feeling the warm softness of her hair as her head bobbed up and down on his cock. He marveled at her skill and beauty. No girl had ever treated him with the same love, gentleness, and kindness that Trisha always showed. To think that she was willing, even eager, to please him filled him with warmth that repelled even the cold and loneliness of space. Bill loved Trisha. Loved her like he had never loved any woman. Not just the sex. Over the last two years he had been with six different counselors before Trisha, none of them had brought out the feelings she did. 

He felt his balls begin to swell, but he did not want to cum in her mouth. Not that she ever complained. No, in fact, she seemed to love it when he came in her mouth and she always swallowed every bit he provide, but tonight he wanted to cum in her sweet pussy. Tonight he wanted to give his love to her, fill her with pleasure, and watch as she came over and over again.

He gently pulled his cock from her mouth. "Come make love to me." He said softly to the object of his complete affection.

She smiled before rising. "I thought that's what I was doing." She grinned. 

Bill smiled, a kind and gentle smile, full of love. "Let me see you. You are so beautiful."

Trisha leaned forward and kissed his lips gently. "Thank you." She said so softly it was just barely even a whisper, and then she slipped her blouse from her shoulders and slid her slacks down over her hips. She stood in front of Bill for a long minute, letting his eyes feast on her beauty, before she led him to the bed.

The two lovers lay down and began to kiss, softly at first, and then with more passion. They caressed each other, taking their time and exploring each inch of the other. They both were intimately familiar with the other's body, but somehow each time they got together it was new, fresh, and exhilarating. Bill didn't know it, but it was this way with all of Trisha's lovers. It was one of her many talents.

After long minutes of kissing and petting, Bill began to trace his way down her soft neck and over her chest to her two large globes. Milky white and nearly perfectly shaped, her breasts were large enough to illicit true lust in men on sight but not so large as to be outlandish. Bill felt his lust rising, overtaking his love. He sucked a small, puckered, nipple into his mouth and held it there, causing a soft moan to escape from Trisha's lips. Encouraged, he sucked a little harder and his other hand gently caressed her other breast. He spent long minutes kissing, sucking and gently biting her breasts, each new touch eliciting a gasp or moan from his lover.

Slowly he worked his way down over her flat stomach to her belly button. His tongue slipped into her small navel, giving rise to a soft giggle, and then moved down farther. Her pubic hair was a black as her hair, but thin and straight. It did not interfere with his mouth as he kissed down over her soft mound and then slid over the already swollen and flushed lips of her beautiful pussy. He licked her gently, separating her soft folds with his tongue, tasting her sweet juices. With more urgency he lapped at her sexy slit, he could feel her orgasm beginning to build. Bill fucked her with his tongue, pressing it deeply into her pussy and then pulling it out. Her juices were flowing copiously, filling his eager mouth and dripping down his chin. At just the right moment he moved his mouth higher on her sex and sucked her hard clit. He let his tongue play for a few seconds before he gently bit it.

Trisha screamed as her orgasm took her. She grabbed Bill's head and forced his mouth harder onto her pussy. She bucked and grunted in total bliss as he continued to suck and bite her clit, feeding her frenzy for long minutes before she finally began to calm a little. As her climax subsided she gently pulled his face up from between her legs, guiding him up onto her.

"Come up her and fuck me, give me that big cock." Trisha knew that Bill loved her to talk like a slut once the sex got going good. 

Bill gently positioned himself between her legs and slowly pushed his cock into her pussy. She was tight and hot around his cock but he managed to restrain himself from just plunging in and fucking her wildly. Instead he eased into her, inch by inch, smiling at the expression on her face as he did.

"Mmm, baby, you like that?" He asked her when he was finally all the way in. 

The line was corny and both knew it, but Trisha smiled at her lover. "Yes baby, I love your big cock. Now fuck me good, right now. I want you to cum inside my pussy!"

Bill began to slowly fuck her. He took long, slow strokes at first, letting his tempo build as his climax grew inside him. Soon he was pounding into her with abandon. Trisha met each thrust with a push of her own, grinding her pussy up onto his shaft as he drove into her. Long minutes later both were beyond control and their orgasms wracked their bodies at the same time. Trisha wrapped her legs around Bill's waist and pulled him in deep as she felt his cum begin to fill her. He plunged as deeply into her as he could and held there, feeling the tension from the last two weeks slip from his body as his cum flowed into his lover. 

When their lovemaking was over, they lay beside each other in a soft embrace until Bill finally fell asleep in her loving arms. At last his breathing let her know he was soundly asleep and Trisha slipped from her bed, pulled on her robe, and went to the bathroom to clean up. She sat looking in the mirror after she was done. Her mind churned on the problem of Mike and how she could handle it.

She had been on this station for nine months and was scheduled for two years with the possibility for renewing. If she had to ask for a transfer now, they might remove her from the program. The last thing Earth wanted was jealousy on an isolated deep space station. Men killed over jealousy. Men died over it. 

She loved each of her men here, as she had on all the stations she had ever worked, and she didn't want them hurt because of her. That was another reason to handle this carefully. If Earth found out that Mike was letting jealousy affect his performance then his career would be over too. No court martial, no trial, just a piece of paper in his file and no more command duty, no more station duty, no more promotions. He would be assigned to a desk in a warehouse somewhere on Earth and forgotten. 

Tears formed in the pretty woman's large eyes and softy flowed down her cheeks. She daintily wiped them from her face with a small tissue and forced herself back to composure. Once she had her emotions back under control she slipped out of her robe and back into bed with her lover. Cradling him softly in her arms, his head resting on her full bosom, he slept. She held him and thought about her problem. Soft tears quietly streaked her cheeks until finally sleep took her.

The next day she called Mike on the intercom and asked him to come see her as soon as was convenient. He arrived just after lunch break. When she opened the door he had a sheepish grin on his face and looked, for all the world, like a little boy waiting to see the school principal.

"Trish, how are you today?" He asked politely as she let him in.

"I'm fine Mike. Would you care for anything. This isn't an official counseling session so I can't offer you a beer."

"That's alright, I'm on duty so I couldn't drink it anyway. Uh, how about a glass of tea if you have it." 

Trisha led Mike to a chair and he sat in it stiffly while she retrieved his tea and a glass of water for herself. She handed him his glass and sat in a chair across from him. She tried hard to look comfortable, but they were both nervous and tense.

"Uh Trish, I know what you want to talk about. Look I'm not going to beat around the bush. I love you, more than I have ever loved anyone. It's driving me crazy that you are sleeping with all these other guys."

"That's what I'm here for. You know the score as well as I do Mike. I am the station slut. They call us counselors for the sensitive grandmothers back on Earth but I am here to fuck you men and keep you from going space mad. Jealousy is not good on a station like this and you know it. Think rationally Mike. If you had a man under you doing the things you have been doing how would you handle it?"

Mike looked down. He knew she was right. "I'd boot his ass off my station in a heartbeat." Tears began to well in his eyes. "So you don't feel the same about me?" He asked, suddenly looking up at her.

"Mike, how can I answer that? It doesn't matter what I feel for you. That's not what this is about." Trisha leaned forward and cradled her head in her hands for a second and then looked back up. "Mike I love each man on this station. More than I should, according to the rules, but I can't let that interfere with the reason I'm here. If we can't resolve this, and quickly, then I have no choice but to ask for a transfer."

Mike stiffened and his stomach fell ten stories when she said that. "No! If you transfer I'll never see you again."

"No Mike you won't, and I won't see any of you guys again. I don't want that Mike, I don't want that at all."

"Okay." Mike paused as his mind raced, trying to come up with an answer. "What can we do?"

"Well, I've been thinking about that a lot the last few days. This morning I spent two hours looking at the personality profiles of every man on this station, especially yours. I think I have a solution. It's unorthodox, if Earth found out about it, it could even cost us our positions, but if it works it might solve our problem."

"Go on."

"After reading your profile, I believe that your jealousy stems from a belief that if I'm with another man you might lose me, that I might stop `loving' you."

"Yeah, I think you might be right. That's exactly what I keep thinking, you know, when other men are with you. I guess deep inside I'm afraid you will think they are better lovers than I am and maybe you love them more."

"Well my idea is based on that. If I can convince you that I will not abandon you just because I love all the men on the station then maybe you can deal with the jealousy." She looked at him carefully and continued. "As you know, I have one day a week that I have no counseling sessions. I want to know how you would feel if I scheduled a group counseling session each week on that day. I would like you to come to each of these sessions but the other men would rotate in and out so that no more than six were present at each one and no one gets left out."

"Are you suggesting what I think you are?" Mike stared at her, flabbergasted.

"Yes I think so. I'm talking about an old fashioned gang bang. I will fuck six of you at the same time, once a week. You will be the only man who will always be there. The other men will take turns. I'll set up the schedule so that it's fair."

"Holy shit! Do you want to do this?" Mike put emphasis on the `want'.

"Yes Mike, I think it is the only way to let you see me for what I am and perhaps by doing this we can separate my job from your emotions." Trisha smiled at his incredulous look.

Mike thought long and hard about what she was offering. He didn't really like the idea, but if he went along with it maybe it would help. The idea of seeing her with the other men was actually turning him on too. 
