 Yes, yes, YES! I'm so excited that I have a shiny new PDI, I think I'll name him Bartholomew. Hubby gave this to me as a present yesterday to make up for everything, even though I told him not to spend the money. Its so fancy, I can do so much with it that I don't even know where to start. I'm listening to music right now and figuring out the touch screen keyboard. I made a bet with Trask that I could write better than him, even though I've never been to school. I did a lot of reading when I was younger, so I think I can manage. I mean, I think he did a pretty good job of telling our story thus far, but his writing is so stuffy like Charles Dickens. Plus, he leaves out all the juicy details, and I'm all about the juicy details! ;) 

So, Bartholomew, what should we write about? I guess I should talk about when I left Trask, or rather, when he left me to go do his manly face off with his uncle: jerk. Kya picked me up around eight, and I left Boost's place, trying not to be too sad. 

Now real quick, Trask did NOT describe Kya very well, so let me try to do her some justice. Let' s see, she's super duper tall, like six foot four or something awesome like that. She's half Japanese and half Korean with long black hair that goes all the way down to her shapely ass. She's twenty eight now and getting hotter with every day that passes. Her face is cute, she's got the perfect little nose and deep brown eyes. He legs are OMG and if she decides to go out with a skirt or something, guys just gawk and run into poles while staring at her. She's got an amazing rack, perfect round D cups, and she's fit as hell. Take all this and multiply it by the fact that she's a champion fencer and karate black belt and the answer you get is really, fucking, H-O-T! She's like an amazon warrior queen that could kick your ass and then give you the best sex you've ever had... after she cooked you dinner. On the hot chart, from one to ten, she's like a fifteen. 

So, ahem, I guess that wasn't really quick, but it was necessary to clear up. I think Trask is just a little intimidated by her height, since he's only six feet even. Anyway, Kya picked me up and we started driving back to her place. We had only been friends for a few weeks, but we were already close, and I had told her a lot about my past. I was sulking, feeling like crap and wishing that Trask hadn't left me. She played some music and tried to lighten the mood, but I kept pouting. 

After awhile she cleared her throat and put her hand on my leg, "Starry, I'm not expecting you to be all hunky dory, but cheer up. I canceled my appointments for this weekend so I'm all yours. We could see a movie, go shopping, oh or go to the theme park or mall! You'd like that wouldn't you?" 

I mumbled, "Thanks Kya, but I don't feel like doing much of anything right now." 

She sighed, "I understand. You know, if you need to vent a little bit, I'm here for you, but please don't shut me out. Tell me what's on your mind, sweetie." 

I felt guilty. I was twenty two at the time and Kya was twenty seven, but she was treating me like a close sister despite our age difference. I wondered what I had done to deserve such good people in my life, and I looked down, disgusted with myself, "I'm sorry Kya, its just that, well... I feel like such a burden. If I was more stable then I wouldn't have to put you out like this and Trask could have trusted me enough to take me with him." 

She smiled gently, keeping her eyes on the road, "Is that what you think, honey? You've got it all wrong. I want you to stay with me, I've been working too much lately and I need a break. Trask needs to do this on his own, its a macho guy thing. He wouldn't be able to concentrate if you were with him, so cut him a little slack; cut yourself some while you're at it." 

I nodded, "But... I eavesdropped on your conversation and heard him apologizing to you." 

She laughed, "Because he was being an ass! I had just told him that I would be happy to take both of you in for as long as you needed it but he still insisted on paying me. I told him he needs to put a little faith in others, as well as you, that's all." 

I slumped back in the seat, feeling relieved but a little dumb, "Oh." 

She looked over to me and grinned, "See? So its not what you think at all. I'm not asking you to pretend not to be worried about him, but he's got Boost and the others with him. They're all great fighters and smart like him, the four of them together could take out an army if they needed to; he's in good hands. Your part is to be here for him when he gets back and not fall apart without him. Give yourself a little credit, girlie, you saved his ass plenty of times, including the other night. You killed a mafia lord for god's sake, how many girls can say that? Show some confidence, everyone's got demons, but we can choose to face them instead of running from them." 

I smiled, "You're right." 

She smacked the steering wheel, "Damn straight I'm right! Now are you gonna be a sourpuss all night or are you gonna help me eat the fancy sushi platter I'm ordering?" 

I shook my head, "I've never had sushi." 

She looked at me, shocked, "Over two decades you've been alive and you've never had sushi?! Oh no honey, we've go to change that, I'll pop your sushi cherry tonight." 

We finally got to her place and stepped inside after she parked. Her two cute kitties, Mochi and Ronin, greeted us at the door. I petted them and giggled. Let me try this... >^.^<... yes! I've got to master the art of the manual emoticon, its almost a two hundred year old craft. Anyway, Kya ordered sushi and got a few special items for me that she thought I'd like. I was skeptical at first, but when I tasted it, I was hooked immediately. Now I'm a junkie, thanks Kya for giving me yet another thing to be addicted to -_- . So, we watched a movie and ate waaay to much fish and rolls, then we settled down on the couch with a bottle of girly champagne she opened for us. 

I took the glass she handed me and frowned like this : /, "I'm not sure I should be drinking booze, I tipple easily." 

She laughed, "So do I, but its just one bottle. So, tell me about your torrid romance with Trask. Its like one of those dime store novellas from what I've heard, but I need some details." 

I sipped the champagne and nodded, "Yeah, when you put it like that, I guess it has been pretty exciting. We haven't had that much time to get to know each other, but we're compatible and we get along well." 

She threw back her whole glass and refilled it, "Yes but, how did you guys meet? I know it was on the shuttle, like you said, but how did you go from being strangers to lovers within a three day time span?" 

I told her how it happened in great detail, up to the point where Trask asked Wraith to find someone to marry us. 

She listened intently and looked dreamy the whole time, "Its such a romantic story, I wish something like that would happen to me." 

I shrugged, "At the time, I thought he was doing it just to protect me, but when he told me he had feelings for me, I was so happy. I never imagined that I would be in a relationship with anyone, it was hard enough for me to think about living to the next day, let alone be married to someone. He had several chances to take advantage of me. When I was drugged, I guess I practically asked him to rape me, but he kept his hands off me the whole time while he hooked me up to the medical terminal. He's awkward and aloof sure, but he's a real modern day gentleman." 

Mochi jumped up onto Kya's lap and she petted him absently, "So... he didn't try to do anything to you that night?" 

I giggled, "I didn't say that. It wasn't intended, but we both had a little bit to drink, me maybe a bit too much, and one thing led to another," I took another sip of my girly drink. "He was really gentle with me at first, he treated me like I was a virgin, it was so... sweet. He made me feel like I had every right to wear a white wedding dress and he didn't degrade me at all." 

Kya looked down at the cat and scratched his ears, "That man loves you so much Starry, I can tell. It must have been awesome." 

I grinned into my glass wickedly, remembering that night, "It was awesome. He fucked me all night until I passed out and the next day we screwed each other endlessly." 

I looked up and saw Kya blushing, "I'm happy you had such a good time." 

I laughed, "You said you wanted the details. I kinda zoned out for a minute, I'm back in the real world now. I'm sorry, I guess I'm the kind of person that says what's in their head." 

She shook her head, "No, its okay, I don't want you to censor yourself. I've just been out of a relationship for so long that I try not to think about things like sex and romance." 

"I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to remind you of anything painful, my bad." 

She held up her hand, "No, no Starry, you didn't do anything wrong, I asked. Its really refreshing to have someone like you to talk to. I've gotten so caught up with work that I haven't made any time for a life recently, maybe I've been trying to forget." 

I finished my glass and poured some more, " You mean Jason? I really don't understand who would be stupid enough to leave you, Kya. You're the prettiest girl I've ever seen in my life and you're smart and athletic to boot. His loss entirely." 

She looked a little embarrassed, "Oh geez, flattery will get you everywhere, sweetie." 

Ronin jumped up and my lap and I scratched him until he purred, "I don't need to hear the whole story if you don't feel like telling it, but why did he leave? I just can't fathom giving someone like you up." 

She shifted on the couch and moved the cat along with her, "Its a long story. When I was younger, like high school days, I was always really self conscious about my height. I hadn't been living in Vale for long, and it didn't help that I knew hardly any English. I was made fun of a lot, heh, I even beat up a couple of guys. I joined the volleyball team and did good, but a lot of the girls only attributed it to my tallness. Most all of my friends were dudes, so I felt like 'one of the guys' most of the time. It was more comfortable for me, since I've never been into make up and jewelry, though I did grow into it somewhat. It was easier for me to shop for men's jeans and t-shirts, mostly because the big girl stores were just so damn expensive. At that time, I hadn't really grown into my body, so I didn't feel very feminine at all. When I was eighteen, I met Jason at a school basketball game. He was taller than me and cute, and he made me feel like a woman. We went out on a few dates and hit it off, and things were good for a long time. We moved in together and attended the same business college and that was when things got a little shaky. It was fine until we graduated, and both of us started to drift apart. I don't know what it was exactly, but our goals differed and he was so business driven. Ultimately, I wanted to get married and I didn't think that was too much to ask; we'd been together for six years. He asked me if I wanted kids and I said yes. He said it was too early and that he wanted to be more established first, but everyday that passed I realized that he was turning more and more into his father: a bitter old richer than hell Japanese businessman. Money was all that mattered to him, he wanted to impress his father and mother and buy them a house in the country or some shit like that, and I wanted to open my business and live comfortably somewhere here in Vale. We had a falling out and he finally broke it off, saying that he was sorry that he couldn't give me the family I wanted and he couldn't be with somebody that didn't have higher goals for their life than being a wife and mother that owns a small business. I was hurt of course, but I fell out of love with Jason, and it was a lot easier to watch him go than I thought it would be." She sighed in exasperation as she finished her thought, then said slowly, "So... I've been single for over three years now, but I have my realtor business and my two spoiled kitties," she said as she picked up Mochi and rubbed her nose on his head. 

I felt so bad for her and did a bad job hiding it, "Well, you're definitely not a dude, I mean, seriously, those lips and legs, no fair. Plus, I would KILL for your rack, I'm stuck with these tiny things. But seriously, I'm so sorry Kya, you deserve better than what he did to you, especially for how many years you spent with him. I think you would be a great mom, and I don't think there's anything more important than raising kids right, I mean, I would have done anything for a mom like you when I was growing up." 

She squeezed Mochi, "Aww, you're such a sweetheart, Starry. But, the past is past, it was just as much my fault as it was his. I'm lonely, I'm not gonna lie, but I am also content. If the right guy comes along then I might give it another chance, but for now I'm stuck fighting off the blind dates that my friends try to set me up with." 

"They aren't good enough for you Kya baby, you bring a whole new meaning to 'tall cool drink of water.'" 

She giggled, "I appreciate it. You wanna watch another movie while I open another bottle of something stronger?" 

I gave her another : / look, "If you're prepared to carry me to bed afterward then sure." 

A few hours later, Kya actually did end up carrying me to the guest bedroom. I was so tired from worrying about Trask and all the booze she gave me didn't help either. I think she was trying to relax me to get my mind off of the whole situation, and it worked. I vaguely remembered her stripping me down to my bra and panties, then dressing me in a silk kimono that smelled like jasmine. It was way too big for me, but the texture and scent of it made me even sleepier. She tucked me into the huge California king bed ( IKR? Plush!) and leaned in to kiss me on the cheek. Needless to say, I felt safe, and for the first time in my life I felt something close to motherly affection. I was tipsy of course, but I remember her stroking my hair and telling me that she would be in the next room over if I needed anything. With that, she turned the light off and left me alone, and a moment later, I crashed like drunk driver. 

I don't know how long I slept, but I dreamed profusely. I dreamed about the first night I recovered from one of the shots that the scientists gave me. I was alone in my small, comfortable room, and it was late at night. It was a dream that I had every so often, but it was something that had actually happened to me. They had given me so many different kinds of drugs that I wasn't sure was what reality and what was fantasy at that time, so a lot of it isn't really clear to me. For a long time, the shot made me sick, but slowly, I began feeling better and better, until I felt so good in fact that I got naked and stood in front of the tall mirror to see if the shot had changed me in any way. I looked at my reflection and started feeling things; things I hadn't felt before. I was such a small girl, barely 18 years old, certainly the shortest in our little group of rejects and homeless girls, but I was pretty. I continued to stare at myself and my body got hot. A small corner of my brain lurched as I thought to myself, Oh my god, are you getting turned on by looking at yourself? I didn't answer my own question, because I was too busy watching the girl move her hands to her small breasts. Her whole body was becoming tense and she bristled with goosebumps as she cupped herself and drew circles around her hardening nipples. I shuddered as I watched Starway pinch her big dark nipples and a small groan escaped from my mouth. My body became even hotter, and I stepped closer to the mirror. Small beads of sweat were beginning to form on the girl's forehead, and she was beginning to breath hard. Her thin dark hair splayed over her face erratically as she continued to tug at her cute pear shaped breasts. She grabbed them with both hands and squeezed them roughly, exhaling sharply as she did so. I stepped even closer to the mirror and leaned my head onto it, then Starway whispered to me, "You're such a cute little slut." 

I looked at her and nodded, "Yes... I am." 

I stepped back from the mirror and ran my hands slowly down my body. My skin bristled hotly as I glided over her olive toned tummy in the mirror and down to her hips. My pussy ached for me to touch it as I ran my hands around my thighs and back around to my tight little ass. My pussy was completely smooth, save for a small patch of hair directly under my waist. I remembered that I would be smooth for the rest of my life because they burned my follicles. The same went for my legs, arms and back. I was a doll, cute and nubile, customized for pleasure. Starway looked into my eyes and whispered again, "You don't need them to please you baby, you're so perfect on your own." 

I nodded in drugged agreement and sat down slowly. I opened my legs and felt my pussy aching even more; I couldn't keep my hands off my hot little mound for any longer. Starway looked into my eyes evilly and smirked, "Come on baby, let me see your perfect little snatch, open it up for me." 

I did as Starway told me and parted my pussy lips widely, feeling a little scared. 

Star looked at me again and smiled, holding her pussy open just like I was, "Look at how pretty you are, baby. Look at that big pink clitty and that tight, wet little hole. Rub your clit for me and make me cum." 

I did. I held my pussy open with one hand and began rubbing my swollen clit, slowly at first, then gradually picking up speed. Starway watched me as she rubbed her own clit and panted in excitement, "Oh god! Feels like heaven, doesn't it baby? Slide a finger into your nasty little hole and see how good you feel on the inside." 

Hesitantly, I pushed a finger inside like I was asked and it went in effortlessly. I was so wet, beyond wet, my thighs were sticky with my fluids. I slid in and out of myself, reaching around and feeling my pussy walls contract and tighten. 

Mirror Starway stared at me like an animal as she copied me, "Good girl! Now put that finger in your mouth and see how good your sweet girl cum tastes." 

I pulled out of myself and looked at my slick index finger. It glistened with my sticky juices and strung vicariously between my other fingers in web-like strands of moisture. I brought it to my mouth and licked it, and my eyes widened by how good it was. I tasted sweet and salty, the flavor lingered on my tongue for a few seconds before it finished with a slight metallic zing. I smiled, pleasantly surprised, then put my entire finger into my mouth and licked it clean while I continued to rub my engorged clitoris. The taste, the smell, and my cries of ecstasy were ringing in all of my senses. My pussy squelched loudly and wetly as I rubbed my clitty hard and fast in small circles. The pleasure was overwhelming, my whole body burned and my head swam, I no longer had any control over my thoughts. I didn't care who or where I was, didn't care if someone walked in and saw me. I looked up into the mirror and saw Starway doing the same thing, throwing her head back and moaning wantonly, abusing her wet bare pussy and fucking herself with her own fingers, sliding one and then two fingers inside herself roughly. She noticed me watching her and her eyes winced into small slits as her face contorted with pleasure, "Make us cum you little slut, make us cum hard!" 

I leaned forward frantically and faced the mirror on all fours, then continued rubbing myself. I watched Star follow me, her face soaked in sweat, panting and flushed, her small tits jiggling as she frigged her own pussy. Warm pussy juice fell in small drops on the floor and she fucked herself wildly with her ass sticking up in the air, panting and gasping all the while. It pushed me over edge, and with a final movement of my fingertips, we came together. We shook and screamed together as my eyes met hers, then I buried my face in the carpet as my orgasm continued to rock me. 
