 "You know, if Australia doesn't drop the Queen as its Head of State, that is my only concern about possibly moving in with Tanveet in Melbourne. Only in the sense that I don't know how that would impact things, just because she has reserve powers. What if she uses them to help the New Order regime somehow? In principle, however, I would love to move to Australia. I just hope that this pushes them to become a republic at last," I expressed my only worries about possibly going to the Land Down Under as opposed to staying in the United States.

"A good point. Perhaps we can give some a push in the anti-monarchist direction, eh?" Nina acknowledged as she lay on her belly to let me take her while watching the news.

"This just in. The Turkish Government has formally severed all diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom, effective upon the installation of a New Order government. President Erdogan has also warned that trade between Turkey and the UK is likely to suffer as well, and that 'extradition between the United Kingdom and the Turkish Republic is certain to be adversely affected by yet another foolish vote.' Erdogan has given all British diplomats and their families 48 hours to either defect to Turkey or else withdraw from Turkish soil, and he has ordered the recall of all Turkish diplomats and their families from British soil as well.

"He has further signaled that he is likely to 'strongly reconsider Turkey's membership in NATO, given the undesirability of having to fight in defense of a godless matriarchy.' It is quite clear that Erdogan is taking full advantage of this situation to weaken his country's ties with the West, using New Order's election as the perfect excuse for such a geopolitical move. It is also likely a very popular move that will bolster public confidence in him, as nearly all Turkish polling data reflects an extremely hostile attitude toward New Order and its radical feminist ideals," the BBC anchorman visibly shifted in his seat as he slipped in some slightly subversive speech while he still could.

"It is a pity that the Turkish Government and People are willing to desert an ally over our domestic political activities when we haven't abandoned them over their increasing authoritarianism and religious fanaticism. New Order hasn't even taken office yet, and no one is willing to give them a chance in the entire Turkish Republic? It's sad, very sad, and I fear that others will follow suit. Not everyone, thankfully, but I worry that we shall lose a lot of allies and trading partners, which may radicalise New Order more. I didn't vote for them, partly because of these kind of scenarios, but I'm willing to give them a chance. Admittedly, I'm a Scot and it's possible that even Scotland will revolt over this," the anchorwoman expressed her own inner turmoil, much to my shock.

"Well, the response from Number 10 Downing Street has been utterly lacking. The lame-duck Prime Minister has absolutely refused to give even the slightest gesture of solidarity or support to his successor, indicating that perhaps he is extremely worried and upset over this result himself and bitter over the outcome. He hasn't even threatened sanctions against Turkey over this latest action. He hasn't even signaled his intentions about his own private life after leaving office, leading to speculation that he intends to flee to Canada or somewhere else. Then again, I have no desire to share my travel plans publicly, either, as I'm not entirely sure if I shall even have a passport pretty soon. Becoming a second-class British citizen wasn't exactly in my plans for my life," the anchorman declared, sweating profusely into the camera in a way that makeup couldn't conceal.

"Don't be so quick to assume that you'll lose all of your rights as a British subject. The Queen can always act to protect your liberties with her reserve powers if it comes to it in a pinch, to say nothing of Prince Charles if and when he should become King," the anchorwoman continued to show signs of denial and wishful thinking, much to my chagrin ... easy for her to do, not being affected like her colleague.

"You want to fuck the complacency right off her face, don't you?" Nina teased me as I thrust deeper into her gash, my cock making her groan and curse with the intensity of my strokes.

"Bloody hell, yes, I do, love!" I declared as I slapped her bum and she pushed back even harder at me with her hips and buns.

"Pretend that I'm her and you're hate-fucking me for being so daft!" Nina begged me as I bottomed-out inside her yummy twat.

"Oh, fuck, yes ... I'm going to grudge-fuck you into next year!" I shouted as I plowed her cunny as roughly as possible, much to her delight.

I screwed Nina harder than ever and she whimpered as she took it, egging me on to fuck her harder, even as we half-listened to news of Taiwan severing all trade with the UK and Japan actually exploring economic sanctions. Loose talk that the EU would not even consider permitting Great Britain back in after this election was also mentioned by the anchors. The UK was on its way to becoming a pariah state, but at this point, I cared far more about plundering Nina's luscious body. She was mine now and I was determined to enjoy her to the hilt.

"Well, we had to cancel the swimming since we're pissed, but my tadpoles are about to swim to your eggs again!" I teased Nina, swatting her as she laughed at my remarks.

"Oh, fuck ... just cum in me again ... please!" Nina urged me, her slippery quim soaking me with its wonderful juices.

"You really want me to breed you, don't you?" I taunted Nina as I held off cumming just yet to fully savour the experience of shagging this lusty dark beauty.

"Yes ... claim me ... make me yours! Fucking breed me already!" Nina pleaded and I yielded to her blandishments at last, spilling my seed as far inside her drenched, stretched fanny as I could.

I lay on top of Nina, in spite of the slight ache in her bruised buttocks from my swats, and she simply let me rest my cock between her lovely cheeks. I kissed her neck and shoulders repeatedly as we watched some more televised news, our bodies almost melting into each other's flesh. I stroked her long, jet-black tresses as well, enjoying the scent of her lustrous hair in my nostrils as I unwounded from that last romp.

"You know what I wish?" Nina asked me lazily.

"What is that?" I inquired.

"That we had an affair much sooner. You and I should not only be lovers, we should have been lovers all along. Then we could have planned our escape together better before this New Order mess even started. We could have simply gone on holiday and never returned. Some place like Jamaica or the like. Anyway, we're lovers now, so that counts. I just wish that I had seduced you sooner. I think that you would have gone for it, wouldn't you? You're not exactly faithful, after all, by your own admission," Nina pointed out.

"True, but I was more reticent at work, due to the risk of harassment suits. Well, now that's small potatoes next to what blokes will face in the future. But, yes, if you had so much as snogged me, especially with tongue, I would have been easy to lure into bed. I would have gone into your knickers so fast that you'd be dizzy afterward!" I confessed, making Nina bump against my cock with her excitement.

"Well, it's not too late, love. Just know that I shall be happy to share you with anyone, male or female, and I trust that you really feel the same. Judging from what you've said, it would appear so. We shall have the perfect marriage for both of us. Too bad for men and women alike in England that they will have their relationships guided and controlled by the State from now on ... that's not freedom or empowerment. That's pure tyranny. I expect that there will soon be a high suicide rate, particularly among driven, previously successful men who fail to escape by other means," Nina reminded me as she kept brushing against my dick with her sweet Punjabi bum.

"And in other news, the Lok Sabha in India has formally approved an emergency bill called the British Indian Repatriation Act, which will permit British nationals of Indian descent automatic citizenship in the Republic of India. It was apparently undertaken to 'protect Anglo-Indians from the oppressive new regime taking power in the United Kingdom.' Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bhutan are all considering similar legislation aimed at providing easy return of British subjects of South Asian origin, especially men. This is true despite the already high ratio of men to women in many such countries.

"The Taliban and other Afghan factions are openly threatening to cancel all diplomatic and other co-operation with any New Order government in Great Britain and several radical Islamist groups are now deliberately messaging male Britons with inducements to recruit them to their causes. In Israel, the Knesset met in special session to approve a bill that would enable male Britons, even goyim, to join something called the Israeli Foreign Legion. The Prime Minister vowed that 'Britain's loss is Israel's gain. Israel can and will offer citizenship to disenfranchised Britons denied their equal rights by their native country.'

"Argentina also presented an offer to 'purchase the Malvinas,' as it calls the Falkland Islands, as a 'haven for displaced Britons'. Also, in a series of joint-communiques, the Communist Party of Great Britain, the Scottish Nationalist Party, the Communist Party of Ireland, the French Communist Party, Sinn Fein, and the Spanish Communist Party all denounced the 'false and matriarchal brand of feminism espoused by the New Order Party, which amounts to sheer fascism, especially with its draconian proposals of indenture and stiff punishments.' In response, New Order labeled this as 'toxic masculine, bro socialism that has nothing to do with the real struggles of the true oppressed class, that of womyn.' Suffice it to say that New Order has a talent for making enemies and it hasn't even taken office yet," the anchorman almost gloated, much to his female colleague's discomfort.

"I must confess that I'm stunned at the level of backlash Great Britain is getting over a simple election of a new majority government that hasn't even taken office yet. If the entire outside world views things this way, why have so many here voted for New Order? Are we right or are they, and again, I remind you that this fear was in the back of my mind and discouraged me from voting for New Order. I still didn't expect this level of animosity right off the bat. Maybe once they had taken office, if they took active steps toward oppressing men, but not yet, when they've yet to assume their power. It's a bit jarring, as is their response. I voted SNP myself, not for independence, but because I trust them more than others. Maybe I was right to do so," the anchorwoman thought aloud.

"It also makes me wonder if Argentina is scheming to use this as a way to justify an invasion of the Falklands, knowing that there is a decent chance that the Anglo-American relationship will get very frosty and the UK might even be expelled from NATO or have its membership suspended. For instance, it's quite possible that President Donald Trump won't honor any treaty commitments to back Great Britain as Ronald Reagan did with Margaret Thatcher, and on this issue, he might actually get some support. The Argentines have to be aware of this, as are we, and if so, they might feel ready to risk an invasion of an otherwise powerful nuclear state with a lot of traditional allies," the anchorman continued, even as I scooped Nina up and took her to the shower to clean up.

The hot water jets hitting both her swarthy skin and my pale flesh really helped us to unwound from what truly been the strangest, craziest night of our lives. I washed Nina's hair and her body with equal enthusiasm as she showed when returning the favour, and she made a point of taking me into her mouth once we had rinsed. She winked at me as she deep-throated me, clearly pleased that she could get another boner out of me. We now knew where we stood with each other. We were lovers, plain and simple, and we were both free to take others to bed as well. Even so, she was my slut first and proud of the fact.

"Kaur means princess, doesn't it? Well, you are my Punjabi princess, my sweet, spicy tart, but never forget whoever else we bed, I am your prince," I told Nina as I stroked her hair and enjoyed her mouth on my cock again.

"Au contraire. I'm your princess, yes, but You're my King," Nina said in such a way that I could practically hear her capitalise the Y and the K alike.

I smiled broadly and winked at her. I could live with that. It certainly beat being Christine's bitch.