 I awoke in the same suite to a phone call from Trevor Burham, “Look, mate, don’t worry about putting this on your own tab. The new government is set to take office and I’m already having doubts. Remember when Annie assured me that nothing would be different? Well, just this very morning, man, she told me that she hoped that last night was great for me, because it would be ‘a good long time before you get to stick that sausage back in my pudding.’ She also laughed and told me that swearing on a stack of Bibles was meaningless to her, because she didn’t believe in that ‘patriarchal rubbish,’ anyway.

“Anyway, feel free to take the firm for a sweet, costly ride. I plan to do just that myself. I don’t know what the travel mess will be once they consolidate their power, but for now, a holiday in Montreal sounds rather pleasant to me. There’s any amount of business that can in theory be done there, since they’re still in the Commonwealth. From there, well, a rendezvous would be easier to arrange. In person. I shall take my sons out of the country, of course, but since it’s a holiday, what can she do? What happens to me is one thing, but her current duplicity makes me believe that she intends something nasty for them, too. I still have my Canadian passport, after all,” Trevor curtly informed him while Nina listened in with them.

“Where are you? And is this your regular cell? If it is, get a burner, mate. Get a burner phone pronto! Let me guess, you’re starting a new firm outside of the UK as quickly as you can,” I speculated.

“Bingo, and only with those staff smart enough to make a dash for it. I doubt that we shall be the only executives to abandon our firms on the sly. And, yes, this is a burner phone. How daft do you think that I am? I withdrew what funds I could to help purchase it, plus I wanted to keep her as poor as I could. I shan’t be around when she seizes my assets back home. That’s a loss that I’ll have to cut when the divorce goes through. I shan’t lose any sleep over what I did. I’m just glad that I acted before they could freeze the account.

“Thankfully, Her Majesty’s Government still has to present its first bill and that can’t happen until the next session. The Queen’s Speech should be very chilling this year, I dare say. If I were an MP, I shan’t even stick around for Question Time. Trust me, I can find a position for you, both of you, until or unless you opt for something else. My present firm will soon be in arrears, though regrettably, the new female management are likely to see that as proof that men are inept or something. Since they probably already think that way, it’s more than worth it to give them one last good rogering. I really hope that they put Melinda in charge. She’ll soon be up to her neck in red ink,” Trevor laughed with some hushed excitement.

“So, in a nutshell, Annie’s a fucking liar and you’re about to turn thief. This is what politics does to marriage, husbands and wives alike. I shan’t miss Christine, that’s to be sure,” I noted.

“Anyway, here I go. Wish me luck, mates, and by Jove, even half of yours would be nice. Fortunate bastard, being out of the country when the curtain dropped. Not an iron curtain this time, chap. Just a satin one. Goodbye and give Nina my love. She’ll take much better care of you than Christine or Annie ever could. She’s a right proper woman, that Punjabi girl,” Trevor hung up, leaving me with a feeling of real dread.

“Is it just me, or did that phone call raise your hackles, too?” Nina remarked.

“No, it isn’t just you, darling. I’m more than a little bothered by it myself. I wish him the best, but I fear for the worst. He might well have waited too long. I hope that I’m wrong. If I’m right, the lucky escape will be death. Anything else shall be even worse than that. I don’t even wish to contemplate it. I fear for him, rather greatly in fact. I definitely don’t plan on adjusting our plans for him or even considering it until I know that he’s safely out of Great Britain. No sane fellow would stay in that country right now, except maybe in Scotland, and even that is not quite clear,” I fretted a bit over Trevor’s uncertain fate.

In fact, not more than three minutes after Trevor called from that burner phone, there was another call from that same number. The voice on the other end was unfamiliar, chilling, and definitely feminine. I didn’t know who this was, but it unnerved me.

“The chap who held this phone has made a run for it. I don’t know who you are or even where the bloody hell you are, but if you’re a subversive, as I think that you are, know this: we shall find him, and then we shall grab you as well. The fool evidently didn’t know that his wife had him followed, tagged. A bloody good thing that she did. He shall never be able to take his sons out of England, not now, not ever. This is a brand new country and you blokes don’t get to cut and run from it. You don’t get to vote with your feet. You never get to vote on anything again. You’re our prisoners and you shall never break free,” the icy, posh accent told me, making my blood run cold.

“You cunts are sorely mistaken. I would recommend not making any threats across the pond, bitch. I’m already gone and I’m never coming back. I’m defecting to the United States. At least for now. Maybe Australia later, maybe South Africa. I’m never coming back home. The man that you seek is a Jew. He has the Right of Return to Israel. He’ll get out and you’ll never see him again,” I deliberately fed my contact a lie ... Trevor Burham was as goy as me.

“That was a clever bit of misdirection. Hopefully, it buys him time,” Nina remarked after the stranger hung up.

“Indeed, it is. So, now that I’ve ruled out Australia and South Africa ... what do you think of Mexico? Just in case, that is,” I suggested to Nina.

“Mexico doesn’t sound half-bad, actually. If things get too hairy here in the States, Mexico has real possibilities. India’s still an option. I could get in, rather easily in fact. I doubt that they’d reject letting you join me if we’re married. We just need to get the divorce pushed through. Luckily for us, Christina’s likely to jump that shark. Why wouldn’t she, when she could get her grubby hands on your estate? That alone seems to suffice for a motive to rush the divorce,” Nina observed with some excellent points, even if Modi still made me nervous for both of us.

“Two years ago, if you had asked me whether I’d even consider emigrating to India while Modi was in office, I’d have checked you into a padded cell, love. That it is even worth considering speaks volumes in itself about New Order and Britain’s likely future under its rule, to say nothing of Brexit. Speaking of which, it seems that Brexit is irrevocable now. And a no-deal version at that. Europe isn’t going to want to touch the UK with a twenty meter pole. I wonder if even NATO can survive this. Perhaps Scotland will remain in both, but England, that’s rather unclear,” I observed to some laughter from Nina.

“Yes, love, I suppose that’s true. Modi’s no one’s cup of tea, except for the most militant Hindus, but even he isn’t attempting the kind of radical social change that New Order is. As a Sikh, howbeit a bad one, he gives me the creeps, but he doesn’t plan to have half the population turned into cheap labor. He’s at least that sane, if nothing else. As the husband of a Sikh who isn’t one himself, they’d treat you with kid gloves. If anything, you’d be great for propaganda. I can see it now. ‘Englishman feels safer under Modi than with New Order.’ They wouldn’t want to fuck with that, darling,” Nina articulated her own thinking.

“Worst case scenario, there’s always Taiwan,” I added, knowing that as a country not recognized by most of the world, it would be much harder to extradite someone from there than most.

“True, though I’m rusty with my Mandarin,” Nina blushed as she confessed one of her few flaws (very few).

“That’s more Mandarin than I know. So, yes, India’s a better bet than Taiwan. At least you know Punjabi and Hindi and can teach and translate for me. As you said, we could marry rather fast. Getting married to a new Indian citizen who has parents in Punjab, yes, that could work. Also, over a billion folks in how many states? They’d have to find me first, and that could take years in itself. I would just have to learn to handle curry a little better,” I tried not to make too much of the curry incident at the same firm a couple years back.

“Yes, that was naughty of me, but to be fair, I had hopes of using that as a way to catch you with your knickers down. I’d have dragged you to the shower, gotten us both squeaky clean, and then led you safely to my bed. I could play Florence Nightingale to you all night long, and sooner or later, you’d have succumbed to my charms. So, there, I admit that the curry was a ploy to seduce you, albeit perhaps a bit convoluted. Don’t you realise that I’ve fancied you that long? Anytime that you want me, I’m yours, plain and simple, no apologies, excuses, or bollocks!” Nina told me as she took my cock down her throat again to make her point.

Damn if that hummer didn’t catch me off-guard a bit, with Nina bound and determined to satisfy me or at least make me get it up once more. I found my loins stirring indeed, much to her delight, as she proved by engulfing my prick several more times before she climbed on top of me. Nina rode me repeatedly, a good number of strokes taking me balls deep inside her cunny, her whole body shivering with her ecstasy. She stopped every few strokes to take me back inside her mouth, oddly enough, tasting herself in the process as she switched holes on me again. Having been at least somewhat the aggressor the first two incidents, I was more than ready to relax and impale Nina on my eager dick.

I cupped Nina’s buns, too, as she bounced up and down on me, kissing my face, neck, and shoulders for the duration. It was a white-hot encounter if ever, my balls churning and my cock pulsing deep inside her slippery quim as she straddled me. I could tell that this wasn’t just about pregnancy for her. She didn’t just want to get knocked up. She wanted to have my baby, yes, but she wanted badly to be my ardent lover as well as my wife. She wanted me to know that she loved me far more than I ever guessed.

The more that Nina’s pussy stroked me just fine, the more that she kissed me all over my upper body, and the more that her breasts waved in my face, the closer I felt to my personal heaven. She was alluring, nay intoxicating, from her scent to her swarthy skin to her body sweat. The final proof of her true passions came when she not only moaned and quivered in response to me, but also wept on my chest with pure happiness. I held her tightly to my bosom and cradled her head to my flesh as we snuggled and dozed off again for a little while. The morning could come and go as it pleased, but I wished only to hold Nina in my arms right then.

Continental breakfasts were nice and all, but hardly worth the rush to get up ... not yet. They certainly weren’t a fair trade for cuddling Nina. Right then, all that mattered to me was intimacy with my Punjabi girl. I would never rule out adding others, especially Tanveet, at any point, being poly, but this moment belonged to Nina and me. Their moments would be theirs instead.