 Sooo, its me again. Bartholomew has been itching for me to write something in him for awhile; he's tired of just playing music all the time and reading recipes. I'm learning how to cook and I think I'm actually pretty good at it. I got a job as a florist a few weeks ago so I've been working at that, and Trask is settling in to his new job as well. I guess I can explain more later, but Trask will likely cover all of the boring details on that stuff. I'm really happy at my new job though, and I get to work with flowers and arrange them all day!

It seems like things are finally stabilizing for us, and a few months ago I was finally able to go to a specialist to get help with my problem. I'm doing a lot better and have a lot more control over my urges now. I still have the occasional episode, but it's a lot less often and when I want sex, it's because I actually want it. My specialist, Dr. Feer, is really nice to me, honestly, I thought he was going to be some old pervy guy, being a specialist in sexual addiction and all, but he's really down to earth and treats my problem seriously. He told me that my urges will likely come more within my control as I get older, but for now he wants me to do what he calls "exercises". Some of them are fun, some of them are SUPER fun, and others... well, not so fun :(. It does seem to be helping though, and I'm starting to have a lot of hope for being able to live a normal life. I'll talk about some of the exercises later, just to give you an idea of what they are like. For now, he told me that it's actually really good to write about my life and my sexual escapades from the perspective of a storyteller. So if its TMI, then too bad! :P

I've been posting a lot of poetry on my blog and I'm becoming pretty popular, if I do say so myself. I know a lot of you have been asking me to continue my story, so I'll do that first.

So, I last left off with me and Kya sprawled out on the bed opposite each other, panting and tired from tribbing. Yeah... that was awesome. Anyway, I woke up the next day in her bed. I guess she carried me there after I passed out. I looked around the bed and didn't see Kya anywhere, and was about to feel lonely, but I had to pee so that pretty much overruled every other feeling. I got up groggily and staggered to the bathroom a few feet away. The shower was on and I could hear the water running, but it didn't quite register in my head that it would be rude of me just to barge in. In my defense, I was still half asleep and my bladder was full, so there :P. So, I opened the door and stumbled inside, then saw Kya look up at me through the see through glass shower door. I looked up at her and felt a little embarrassed at not realizing sooner that she was in there, but she just smiled and waved me over to her.

I was already naked, so I walked toward her and said as loudly as I could manage, "I'm sorry, I guess I didn't hear the shower."

She shook her head and laughed, "It's fine, you've already seen everything I've got. Come join me, I'll wash you up and then we'll go get some breakfast... well, lunch."

I almost tipped over but managed to stay standing in my tiredness, "Okay but, I have to pee."

She nodded and smiled sweetly, "Go ahead Starry, I think we are way past the point of being embarrassed with each other, at least I am."

I smiled too, probably in a really dopey way, then sat down on the fancy toilet to pee. When I finished, I slid the door open and stepped into the shower with her. When I stood next to her, I realized just how much taller she was than me, and her amazing breasts were completely level with my face. Need I say ideal situation much? Sexually I was done, at least for the time being, but her warm, wet cleavage looked way too comforting to pass up.

I stepped up to her and nuzzled my face into her chest, and she put her hands around my head, "You okay, Starry baby?"

I mumbled into her chest, perfectly content, "Still sleepy."

She laughed, "I'm surprised you didn't want to sleep longer. I woke up and felt really energized... and sticky. I soaked for awhile and just finished a few minutes ago, so we can take a shower together."

I hugged her silently, feeling just as safe with her as I do with Trask. It was so strange, the way she went from matron to sex goddess, then back to matron, so for the time being I mentally categorized our relationship as "step sisters with benefits". Given how messed up my brain already is, I try not to psychoanalyze myself like my husband does, I just go with it.

I heard her open a shampoo bottle and she squeezed some into my hair. Her nails were long and she massaged it into my scalp gently, which made me moan softly. In a way, it felt better than sex, mostly because I never take the time to properly wash my hair and also that it was her doing it. Afterwards, she rubbed me down with body wash and massaged my shoulders and back. That felt reallly good, and I think it would have made me horny again if we hadn't fooled around so much the night before. I could tell she was admiring me and I felt a little self conscious for a sec, but decided that I liked the attention.

"About last night, Starry... thank you," she told me finally as she began rinsing me.

I smiled, feeling a lot more awake, "The pleasure was entirely mine. I hope you won't feel weird around me now though. I guess for me doing things like that is normal, but I forget that normal women don't frequently give in to their lesbian tendencies."

She sighed, "I tried to convince myself to feel weird about it, just to satisfy my catholic upbringing, but I don't. I'm tired of things being the way they are with me, and half my problem is that I'm trying too hard to be something I'm not."

I frowned, "My problem is that I can't keep myself from being what I know I am... if that makes any damn sense."

She laughed loudly, "At least your honest about it. Anyway... how the hell do you keep your skin so smooth?"

I grinned stupidly for a moment, taken off guard by the sudden change of subject, then frowned, remembering a few things I wish I could forget, "I told you a little bit about how I was experimented on. During that time, when they finally decided that I was 'marketable', they lased nearly all of the hair on my body, except the little patch you see under my waist. They did a lot of things like that, like removing my uterus. They removed my tonsils too, I guess so I could deep throat guys better, although it was rarely necessary, given the less than satisfactory length of most of our patrons. They turned me into a sex doll, that's all they planned on doing with all of the girls there. I guess it's convenient to not have to shave, but... if I ever wanted to have children of my own..." I trailed off, feeling very sad about it for the first time in awhile.

Kya looked down at me with concern, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to remind you of something so horrible."

I smiled, "Its okay, its the past. It's just that, I thought I would never be in a relationship or be someone's wife. Trask is like, a genetic godfather: his kids would be awesome. I could never give that to him, hell, I can't even give him eggs to fertilize. If he decided he wants to have kids then..." I trailed off again, feeling tears coming to my eyes. I don't know why it made me so sad, I guess the thought of being a mother someday in the distant future didn't seem so crazy anymore.

Kya reassured me with that amazing smile that she has, "Starry, stop. I know where you're going with this and I've got to tell you that you're wrong. Trask loves you more than anything, and he would never leave you just because you can't get pregnant. He's not that kind of guy, and obviously he's interested in you for more than just your body. They did a lot to you; a lot of awful, terrible things that no one should have to go through, but they didn't change your personality. You've been strong, you've survived without becoming bitter, and that's more than most people can say who haven't been experimented on. He fell in love with your personality first, trust me on that."

I looked at her a little doubtful, wanting to believe what she said was true, "But you hardly know him! How can you possibly know that?"

"Because, I fell in love with your personality too."

I felt my stomach flutter with happiness, "Aww, stop! You sound like him now, cheesy and gooshy."

She laughed and shook her head, "Well it's true. You have an invincible personality, Starry, whether you realize it or not. You saved him from a life of being used like a tool. They probably planned on harvesting him like something from a test tube. If he had kids, it would only be because they wanted him to; and the poor kids would be treated the same way. In a lot of ways, he was in the same boat that you were, if you think about it. What's the difference between being a prostitute and being a human science project?"

Her question hit me pretty hard and I realized that I hadn't really thought about it like that. She was right, Trask wasn't in much better of a position than I was when we found each other; I really, REALLY needed to stop seeing myself as a victim being rescued. He saved me sure, but I saved him too, and he needed me just as much as I needed him. I smiled after awhile and nodded to Kya, "You're right, I hadn't thought about it like that, but his life would have been awful. All this time, I was thinking that he gave up a life of champagne and caviar just to be with me, but it would have come at a horrible price. We're the same, Trask and I, mostly. They were using me for sex and they were probably planning on using him the way you said. I thought... well sometimes I think that he's going to leave me. Sometimes it seems too good to be true. But... oh god Kya I feel so guilty! I treated him so badly before he left, I tried not to, but I just couldn't understand why he had to go. I realize now that he needs closure, and I was being selfish. But... what if he doesn't come back? What if I never get to tell him..."

"Starway!" Kya shouted at me, gently but firmly. I looked up at her and she looked at me authoritatively, "He's going to be okay. You can tell him everything when he comes back, and he WILL come back. He's not going to leave you here in Vale and he's not going to die. Don't you love him?"

Her sudden question and the way she asked it threw me off. I looked into her eyes and asked myself the same question, "I like him a lot. He treats me with respect and takes care of me. But... love is... different. I never thought that I would get a shot at it, but I guess I inadvertently convinced myself that it would be wrong of me to try. I've been trying to protect him, but he keeps breaking down my defenses. I... do. I love him Kya, I want to be with him forever, but I don't want him to feel like he's got to carry me for the rest of his life. I want to pull my own weight, if that makes any sense."

She nodded and turned the water off, "It does. Now, let me tell you about why my relationship with Jason failed. I haven't talked about this with anyone so listen up! In the end, our relationship failed because we didn't communicate, we didn't tell each other how we felt about this or that. Even the small things," She paused for a minute as she slid open the glass door and grabbed a towel. I stepped out as well and she began toweling me off, "Even the small things matter, asking each other what's important to both of you. Trust is important too, of course. I never thought Jason was cheating on me, but he hid a lot of his financial information from me. That hurt me just as much as if he were cheating on me though, but I never told him. I don't think he trusted me, in fact, I think part of the reason he didn't want to get married was because he didn't want our assets to be joined, which would give me some kind of insight into his money. I don't know if he thought I was going to use him for his money later on, since I didn't want to spend my life making my own millions, but he was very private about it. In the end, it was things like that that pushed us apart. Trask loves you, I know he does. The way he looks at you, the way he acts around you, but he might get so caught up in trying to take care of you that he might become overbearing without knowing it."

I looked up at Kya as she ruffled the towel over my hair, "That's what I'm afraid of Kya, but I don't want to hurt his feelings. When we first got to Vale he kept talking about how he needed to find work so he could support us. He never even considered that I was just as willing to work as he was, even though I told him so. "

She smiled at me, "Not like I'm the expert, but any relationship worth having is hard work. That seems like something he would do; he tried to do the same thing to me, Boost, and the others. He's got to learn to let others help him, more importantly he's got to learn to let you help him. You need to tell him that you want to pull your own weight. It might hurt his feelings at first, but it will make both of you stronger. I wish I would have had the guts to call Jason out on all that money shit, but I was too scared of hurting his feelings too or causing unnecessary arguing. If it's important to you, then it will be important to Trask, I promise. If you guys start arguing over it then you'll yell it out, but at least it will be out there. Plus, after the argument is settled you can have hot hate sex with each other."

I giggled, "I've heard that's the best kind."

She nodded and grinned as she began toweling herself off, "It is."

Somehow, I managed not to rape Kya as I watched her dress. I asked her if I could wear her bra as a bonnet, but she said no :(, even though it fit over my head perfectly. I hate wearing clothes, and love being naked as often as possible, but she convinced me to dress with the promise of an awesome, greasy breakfast somewhere.

So we took off to the breakfast place and ate a HUGE b-fast, like bacon and eggs and toast and all that stuff that you're supposed to eat in moderation. We weren't really moderate though. After, she drove me to the mall and DEMANDED that I get a manicure and pedicure with her. We talked a lot more, mostly about her, while the Asian ladies did our nails, and I felt like a girly girl for pretty much the first time in my life. Make-up, hair, and all that crap was always part of my job, but I've only recently been wanting to do it for myself. After that, she took me to buy some new outfits. I told her not to, I swear! But she wouldn't listen. She told me that she wanted me to look nice for Trask when he got back. I think secretly she was having fun though, because she was picking out outfits for me and laughing at how small the clothes were. The girl working at the dressing room was even smaller than I am, and she looked at Kya like she was a giant. LOL, it was hilarious, she was like O_O... "Can I help you... ma'm?"

Kya was nice about it, "Ma'm? I'm only 27 sweetheart, but I'll take that as a compliment. These aren't for me, they're for my friend," she said as she handed the girl my bundle of clothes.

The girl looked relieved, "Oh... cause I was gonna say..."

Kya looked at me and laughed, "You thought these were for me?! Honey, I'm flattered but if I put some of these on I'd have security telling me to cover up."

We spent a while shopping for clothes and I tried a lot of things on, then eventually walked out with some nice things. Kya seemed to be doing pretty good for herself in the finance department, but she lived pretty simply. She told me that was the secret to her success, budgeting under her actual budget, not buying things that the media says she should have, and spending money on things she really wants. She really inspired me to open my own business someday, and I realized that it was possible to have a balance of work and play. By the time we finished shopping it was already kinda late, like sixish, since we had gotten up later. When we walked by the accessory shops, Kya got really excited and grabbed my hand. She basically dragged me into this one store with a lot of lacy things in the window and it took me a minute to realize what kind of place it was. I looked around at the frilly things and realized that it was a lingerie store. She took me to the back of the store where a bunch of cosplay costumes hung on the wall: bunny girls, nurses, maids, the usual kind of stuff. I laughed and looked over them with some interest, remembering some of my 'clients' who wanted me to dress up.

Kya nudged me with a goofy smile on her face, "See anything you like, Starry?"

I laughed again, "I dunno, it seems a little silly."

She shrugged, "Yeah, but I wish I could fit into some of these," she said as she pulled one off the rack. "Like this one: Space cadet engineer uniform, complete with electric probe and digital heat scanner."

I couldn't help but crack up, "Oh captain, I have a breech in my hull!"

She started laughing just as loudly as I was and said in her deepest voice, "Cadet, I need to depressurize my kinetic apparatus before it goes critical!"

I couldn't stop laughing, "Captain, your piston needs the proper lubrication first or our fuel supplies can never be pumped to full capacity!"

"Cadet, I need you to get down on your knees and drain my apparatus before I get sucked into the vacuum of space!"

We laughed so hard that we couldn't breath and kept making jokes. To be honest, she was doing a really good job of keeping my mind of of Trask, and I felt really carefree. Finally, we recovered and moved on to the next section of the store, which was full of boxes and bags all over shelves. It took me yet another minute to figure out what they were, and I almost blushed. There was like, seriously 100 different kinds of vibrators and sex toys. For as sexually adept as I was, you have to keep in mind that I didn't get out a lot, and even if I did there's no way I could have afforded any of that stuff. And to think, all that time it was just me and five finger Mary; my life sure as hell would have been easier if they had given us some robots to fuck us when we needed it, just saying.

She brought me over to one section and picked up something in a wax pouch. She didn't let me see the price tag (honestly I didn't want to know) and she smiled at me suggestively, "Now, before you tell me not to buy anything else for you, let me tell you that this is a present for both you and Trask. You'll love it, he'll love it, that's all you need to know. I was planning on buying this for you yesterday, but I didn't get around to it."

I frowned, "Kya, you've spent so much on me already, I just..."

"Adadada!" She silenced me and wagged her finger. "What are the odds that you're going to try and rape me again tonight?"

I looked her over. She was wearing tight fitting yoga pants, a white undershirt and a short blue denim jacket. Her hair was loosely braided and she looked like one of the street fighter chicks in some of those old arcade games. Damn she looked good, "I'm not sure, but I'd say you're in the danger zone."

She laughed, "Exactly my point. This little guy is going to help me survive another one of your attacks, so shut up and let me buy it for you. It's just as much for me as it is for you."

I nodded with a pouty frown, "Pfft, fine."

She paid for the stuff and then we left. She seemed a little distracted afterwards, like she wanted to tell me something. I didn't push her, and after awhile she looked at her mini PDI to check the time and sighed, "It's getting late Starry, a lot of the shops are gonna close soon. We should probably get going."

"Yeah no problem, but I get dibs on the left over tuna rolls."

She laughed, then bit her lip nervously, "Um, would you mind if we made a stop by Kurasuma's really quick, I just want to say hi and see if he's around."
