 Amelia sat as she always did, upon the cushioned seat of the open bay window, the cool evening breeze tickling her short, richly colored hair against the back of her pale neck. She sat with her feet curled under herself, almost kneeling and leaning forward on the windowsill, a thick, leather bound book open before her as she concentrated on the slim pen that idly wrote beautifully curved letters within. 

It might have seemed an odd sight, the young woman of barely twenty, living inside a sizable, birdcage come apartment, high above the city streets with just one door that was locked from the outside, but to Amelia it had been this way for some time. She had been rendered homeless by a great storm like many in the small town she was born in, making her way on foot to the city, hoping to make some semblance of a life, only to be sold by the first person she made the mistake of trusting.

In her defense she was a little innocent, though worldly smart having read any book she could get her delicate hands on since she was a child, yet she learned her lesson fast, if too late. 

The man who had bought her was robust, crude and seemed to posses no emotions what so ever. She saw him but once a week, he would unlock the door and without a word strip, expecting her to do the same, and proceed to invade her body and fuck her as if she were but an empty shell. Afterwards he would leave her sobbing silently in the bed, her cupboards stocked and her door locked once more. She didn't even know his name, but it was no matter, she did not love him and the less contact the better for her, he simply liked having her caged, ready when he needed.

The rest of Amelia's time was occupied writing in her journal, watching people live their lives on the streets below, and she had become quite gifted with a needle and thread, making herself clothes when she could. She was a small girl only standing at about 5 ft, her frame slim yet curved in the most womanly fashion. Her short hair was cut at unique angles and a mixture of deep reds and chocolate, random hues of blue mixed into it's color. Her face round with emerald green eyes, almost always curious, a slender nose and delicately curved, pouty lips, leaving her looking almost child like in her cuteness. 

With a last, lingering glance at the lords and ladies walking the street below her tower, Amelia gathered the over sized, white night dress about her thighs and slipped away from the window, retreating back into the apartment. It wasn't large, enough room for her small bed, the window seat, a table and a small bathroom and kitchen, each hidden behind the cloth curtains she had made. The roof was open, made of brass bars that completed her bird cage prison, the walls made of smaller, closer knit bars, their outer side covered to keep in some heat, leaving her bay window open all the time. 

She had contemplated jumping before, but the tower was far too high and she did not wish to die, only escape. Setting the journal aside Amelia climbed on into bed, the thin blanket partially covering her body as she stared up at the glowing stars, letting her mind wander to adventurous dreams and far, far away places, reality fading into her own little world as she slept.



With a soft rustle and a gentle thud dropped a very tall and very well built male. The room he had dropped into was pitch back, save the light that streamed in from the open roof, illuminating a perfect circle in which he stood. The males steely blue eyes glanced at the shadows around the edge of the circular room, but could make out no more than slight outlines, before he made his way to a locked door, a small knife in his hand. He had fiery red hair, some graying to show his maturity, peeking out from under a black leather hat, a silver Jolly Rogers shining in the light and what looked like feathers as red as his hair, protruding from the back. 

The door now open, the pirate slipped through, leaving it slightly ajar as he made his way down a set of spiral stairs.

It couldn't have been more than five minutes since the male had left the circular room, pressing the door shut with a tall, leather boot as he finished concealing an object within a satchel, slung over his shoulder.

His eyes were met with the business end of a broomstick as soon as he reached the rope that hung where he had left it in the middle of the room, though the person wielding the broom was still bathed in shadow. "Whoa...whoa, take it easy there! I'm a...I'm..."

"How did you get...the door, do you have a key?" Came the soft, clearly scared voice of Amelia, a strong air of hope about her as she dared to think of an escape via this strangers presence.

"Oh I...well, no. I didn't know anyone was here, I um...wait, who are you? There was no one downstairs!" Asked the male, suddenly, almost accusing at the fact that Amelia had popped up out of nowhere and at least to him, possibly foiled his schemes.

"Me? I live here! Are you always so impolite to question those of who's household you impose on?" Amelia sounded slightly hurt, but she was stalling, seeing that the door was still unlocked, and inching sideways, closer towards it.

With a sudden lurch of his body, the male grabbed the broom from Amelia with one hand, and with the other, reached for her and wrapped his muscly arm firmly around her waist, effectively pulling her into the lit spot in which he was standing. He had a small inkling as to why the girl had suddenly appeared, but more than that, day light was looming and he wanted to make his escape as soon as possible. So with a sly, confident smirk, the male dropped the broom in favor for the rope, which he tugged, causing the rope to be mysteriously pulled up, lifting him and a squirming Amelia from the caged room.

With difficulty Amelia was pulled over a wooden rail and left to roll to her knees, panting and blinking as she strained to get her baring in a sudden pick up of the wind. Amelia watched the feet of the strange male hasten towards a wooden looking pillar, her eyes watering slightly as the wind changed direction and she felt as it the floor beneath her knees were tilting. 

Seeing an opportunity she pushed herself to her feet with a burst of energy, reaching for the rail she had been pushed over moments ago and made moves to launch herself out, ready to hit the decks running, where ever her feet would take her at this point. She let out a scream, quickly cut off by the males hand, who covered her mouth, his other had having grabbed the back of her dress roughly, catching the girl before she could leap out into mid air and probably fall to her death.

It happened that they were standing on the wide, open deck of a ship. Amelia fell back away from the rail, now clutching at the male with fright, her fingers clawing at him and making it awfully difficult for him to do anything at all, so the male decided to pull her from the deck and through a small door behind the wheel. The male dragged her into a small, office like room that was well light with brass candelabra's and lamps, and another set of doors leading to a large bed room that took up almost a third of the ships length, set at the stern of the ship on the top floor. 

With a scowl of frustration the male shoved her by the waist into the room, quickly locking the doors from the outside with little more than, "Stay!" before he left here there alone, locked in another room. It was odd, she had been taken from her cage in the middle of the night, kidnapped by a...a thief no less and yet the only emotion Amelia could conjure was anger; she had nothing more in the world but the night dress she wore, her appearance much like Wendy. She paced, gathering her thoughts and feelings. She wasn't in her cage anymore, she was on a ship, maybe this man would just let her go when they reached the next port, had they left the port yet? It suddenly occurred to Amelia that she didn't remember any water, nor did she know of a port close by to the cage, how had they reached his ship so fast and where was the crew, she asked herself, making her way to a large bay window, five times the size of her own, that sat behind a large, four poster bed. 

Words could not explain the look of wonder and fear that crossed Amelia's face as she pressed closer to the window, the sight before her one of such fantasy that for an instant she wondered if she were actually dreaming. The ship wasn't leaving a port hastily to make escape, rather it was riding the wind, and seemed to be climbing in height as the city below became smaller and smaller until a thick, foamy layer of clouds blocked the girls view. They were flying, on a boat, high above the only home she had known for years. Amelia was a sensible girl, she had read books upon books of both fantasy and modern advances in technology, so she wasn't unaware of the capabilities of steam and clockwork power, but she had never experienced or thought to ever experience such a sight. 



It was over an hour before Amelia heard the lock click on the door, her kidnapper come back to check on her, though by then she had locked herself in the adjoining, classically beautiful bathroom with a silver candle stick to defend herself. 

"Have you calmed down now girl? I brought food." Came the males deep, gravely voice through the wooden door, an evident note of humor as he tried the bathroom door, and found it locked.

"Who are you and what do you want from me?!" Demanded Amelia, and though she had calmed down, she now feared what was to come, she did not want to go back to that cage, but neither did she want to trade it for another, all be it a far nicer one. 

"Me? You can call me...Obe, I'm a pirate and a thief little girl." She could here him chuckle and from how it sounded, bite into an apple, chewing as he continued to speak. "I don't want anything from you, though I suppose I did steal you too. How long did Quintin have you for?"

His tone was light, non threatening and almost playful, easing Amelia's fear as she moved to sit with her back against the wooden door, her long night dress bunched around her thighs.

"Quintin? He was the man who...seven years, it would have been seven years next week." She murmured, her fingers pressing to the door thoughtfully. "You wont take me back will you? I promise I wont tell on you, you could just leave me at the next town, I wouldn't make a fuss, I just don't want to go back!" Her tone had become slightly panicked as she begged Obe, her savior yet her kidnapper, still quite unsure if she was as safe as she undoubtedly felt, his voice, the room, even the smell uncharacteristically comforting. 

She heard a heavy sigh from behind the door, closer, though she hadn't heard him move, almost a sad sigh, his voice softer now. "Will you come out and eat? We can talk, I promise you I won't hurt you."

Amelia flushed slightly, the real reason for her bathroom hideout being how shy she was that all she wore was the sheer, white cotton night dress. "I can't, I mean, I have nothing to wear..." She let her voice fade out, an unspoken declaration of how she felt.

"You're in your night dress, I saw you not an hour ago! Now come, please, and eat." 

The door to the bathroom opened and Obe had to hide a smile as the young girl shuffled out, a pout curving her lush lips, the dress long and far too large, but it hugged the curves of her breasts snugly, a low dip showing off her magnificent cleavage, something he hadn't noticed before. Amelia wrapped her arms around her chest, her eyes studiously looking out the window as her cheeks burned crimson, her toes curled shyly against the warm carped. "You said you had food?" Her voice was smaller, clearly still tinged with fear, but Obe could tell she was coming around, and she was harmless to him, despite her impressive bravery. 

Obe handed the girl a plate laden with mixed fruit, cheese and bread, but set it down on a large chest at the foot of the bed when she made no move to take it, and instead backed away, taking a seat at a round table a few meters from her. As Amelia sank to her knees beside the chest, she reached out and lifted a small bread roll, breaking off chunks to eat, her stomach groaning in thankful pleasure for the food, "So talk."

Obe seemed perplexed by the girl. It was obvious why the rich tyrant had kept her for his sick, personal museum, she was a natural beauty with her cherry red lips, eyes like the emerald isles and what seemed like a divinely curvy body, yet she had a doll like innocence about her, not solely attributed to her small size. "I guess you don't know a lot about where you were? Which by the way, I have no intention of taking you back there, though...We won't be grounding again for some time, so it seems we are stuck with each other." He kept his thoughts to himself as he conceived to try and keep the girl on board, not against her will but, as a companion of sorts, he was ageing and longed for company. 

Her features didn't falter as she ate, taking the news in stride, already greatly eased that he didn't intend to take her back to her caged life, the ship and Obe starting to seem far less scary than moments before. Nodding she motioned for him to continue, still picking at the plate of food hungrily, hoping he didn't think she was terrible un-lady like on her manners, it had been so long since she had spent any time at all with another person. 

"Quintin is a rich politician, you were living in his museum, I'm guessing you were the prize art work in his sick fantasy, you're welcome by the way, for me saving you." He chuckled and leaned back in his seat, crossing a heavy, worn, black leather boot over his knee. "I was there on business, needed to get out quick and seeing as you had a mind to stop me, I took you. No ulterior motives I promise you little one." 

Obe liked watching the girl, her small, cute movements, the curious look in her eyes, she was relaxing and he felt comforted by that. He was a pirate, a thief, and he could fight so it was obvious in his eyes and his stance that he had killed, but he was not a monster, he wanted the girl to feel safe and free upon his ship, not caged and broken as she had been. 

The plate now empty, Amelia stood, her fingers still clutched in her dress as she wandered closer, spotting a tall glass in front of the pirate and feeling in need to quench her thirst. "May I?" She asked and he handed her the glass with a smile and she drank deeply, not recognizing the robust sweetness that was red wine, her tongue lifting and savoring the taste from her lips as she sighed, letting go of the final lingering strands or fear, after all, she was in fact free from her cage, she just needed time to adjust.

She downed the last of the wine and set the glass on the table before turning too the pirate with a steely gaze, "Where is your crew? We're on a boat that fly's and I don't see anyone else...isn't that...dangerous?" 

Obe let out a boisterous laugh, he body close enough to hers that she could smell a pleasant musk from him, before he turned and walked from the room, leaving the heavy door open as a sign for her to follow him out onto the deck, talking as he walked. "The SHIP is run on steam and coal, she doesn't fly per say, though we are air born. She's fast, stealthy, and I simply could not leave her with her pig of an owner, so here she is." His statement followed by a wide expanse of his arm to indulge her in the magnificent view. 

Now that she wasn't struggling and half blinded by a fierce wind, Amelia could fully appreciate the brass, gold and wooden ship, her wide deck and low riding, sizable sails only accentuating her glory. The large steering wheel was taller than Amelia herself, covered in intricately carved designs, it had three interwoven circles, connected and surrounded by leather bound handles for manual navigation, beside her a smaller stand that puffed out steam on occasion, a dial and buttons on top. 

It was a sight to behold, more so if they weren't surrounded by thick, ever growing black clouds that blocked their view, a storm fast approaching. Seeing the girl notice the storm, Obe hastened to her and took up her hand, a soft squeak of surprises the only form of resistance now as he drew her back into the safety of the captains quarters, locking each set of doors behind them. "Don't worry, the storm will pass buy tomorrow and the ship will be perfectly fine, there is hardly ever any turbulence."

Amelia was unconvinced, but nodded as she moved into the bedroom once more. The doll like girl had decided she liked this room, it was huge my all standards and contained objects of such beauty that she was almost scared to touch anything, moving to the window that expanded the entire curve of the stern of the ship, she crawled up onto the velvet lined seat and looked out at the simmering storm.

"May I join you?" Came Obe's husky voice and she nodded, feeling him sit with his back to the window, but so close his thigh was pressed to hers, she made no move to resist. "It's beautiful, why isn't your wife here?" Asked Amelia, half curious about why he traveled alone, half wanting to know if he had a lady waiting for him, though she kept her tone light, not wanting him to think she were calling him old.

"I don't have one, girl. It is beautiful, but I don't play well with others, and I have yet to find a beauty like you, willing to live and love the life I live, always moving, stealing, running, it's not for everyone."

Amelia re-framed from commenting that it sounded wonderful, her blush in full affect at his kind and unexpected words, no one had ever called her beautiful before. She turn to him, laying her head on her arm as it rested above the back of the seat, watching him in her own curious way. "Thank you...You shouldn't be alone, I mean, now that you're not kidnapping me you seem rather kind."

Obe chuckled and turned to look her full in the eyes, his own as blue as the ocean mist. "Saved, little lady, I would never keep you against your will." 

Between his words and his closeness, Amelia was overcome with a feeling of want, one she had never experienced before, so when the pirate leaned in and pressed his hard lips against hers, she let out a soft sigh of pleasure and pushed forward and into the kiss with an eager air, her lips parting under the gentle pressure to accept the wet probing of his tongue into her mouth. The sensation was delightful, his tongue stroked her own fleshy muscle drawing a soft, shy moan from her lips before he moved on to explore the depths of her mouth, her own lips catching and sucking against his, learning, experiencing her first kiss, a kiss to end all kisses. 

It was a long time before either pulled back from the kiss, slightly out of breath, a deep crimson flush covering Amelia from the neck up. She was kneeling on the seat, facing Obe as her hands pressed flat against his chest, her chest pressed to her hands, leaving their lips inches apart as she peered up and almost whispered, a coy smile playing at the corners of her mouth. "You can call me Amelia..."

Obe, so delighted by her words, swept up her lithe form and pulled her onto his lap, facing him of course, to let her light bottom rest on his knees, her legs straddling his hips to press his groin against hers, causing a flush to appear in blotches further down her shoulders. At this she let out a giggle, the pirates calloused hands teasing goose bumps to raise on her skin, each sensitive nerve almost begging to be stroked, aching for his touch, the playful way he moved her doll like form, it occurred to her this was nothing like she had experienced in previous sexual contact. 

"Amelia, huh? Such a pretty name for a pretty girl..." Obe's voice had become a low, lustful growl that teased forth fluttering sensations deep within Amelia's sex, his hands resting on her hips to hold her against his groin where she could feel the bulging evidence that he had enjoyed the kiss as much as she. Leaning forward, her thin, pale arms curled around the pirates muscled neck as she moved, Amelia looked up into his eyes and sucked against her lower lip. "I um...that was...my...That was my first kiss..." 
