 My thanks and more to Prosecutor M. who not only edited this work but was the inspiration for it as well. She knows who she is...

"Open file, case number 10212." Sitting at my desk I watched as a hologram appeared showing me a man, approximately forty years of age, his brown hair worn unfashionably long, his blue eyes warm though he seemed to look away rather than forward. He stood 5' 10", 165 pounds, rather average at first glance as I spoke yet again saying, "Report," and with that a mechanical voice replied.... 

"Name: Jonathan Samuels, occupation: author, crime violation of Statute Two, purveyor of words used to excite and inflame the public, sentence death or reeducation based against the findings of prosecutor M. and the ruling of the Council." 

I continued to look at the face before me, the graphics as clear as if he were standing directly in front of my desk as I spoke softly, "Breaking the code is the second most serious offense you can commit next to murder Mr. Samuels. What was it that you said?" 

"Download files, all images and material pertinent to case," and seconds later I slipped the drive into my bag, preparing to leave for the night. It had been a long day in the judicial office and I was ready for a quiet evening at home. I wasn't fooling myself; I knew full well that I would spend a great deal of it pouring over the information requested in anticipation of meeting Samuels for the first time tomorrow morning. First impressions were still important, even in the year 3042, and his could mean the difference between life and death.

I arrived home, in the private transport I was now privileged to use, thanks to my recent promotion to lead Prosecutor. It gave me a chance to relax instead of being forced to exchange empty smiles and meaningless hellos with other strangers using the public shuttles. 

Looking out the window I couldn't help but wonder, "Why me, why this case?" Most of the prosecutions I had been assigned to had involved an actual act against society, usually spawned by greed or malice. The three dimensional character I had viewed seemed incapable of harming another yet he now stood on death's door, a sentence I very well might have to recommend.

I walked into the master bath, "Shower, full blast, 104 degrees," and with that I slipped out of my clothes, allowing the android to pick them up where they would be cleaned then laid out to wear again the next morning. The standard uniform was simple, the smock blended in with all the others and provided a covering that neither confirmed nor denied anyone's gender. Every man, woman and child wore a variation of the garment, enforcing the same gender neutral attitude.

Physical contact had proven to be the downfall of civilization and early in the millennium, when I was just an infant, it had been banned along with all forms of written and visual stimulus. This was the reason behind Statute Two.

As I stepped from the shower into the warm drying tube, I closed my eyes for a moment enjoying the sensation. As I opened them I caught sight of my reflection in the shiny surface of the drying tunnel. It was the only reflective piece in my home big enough to see my entire body. 

Green eyes looked back at me. The eyebrows above the eyes were dark as was the short hair that was cut in a unisex style that was standard among government employees. Fitting in was the key to survival in this day and age.

But viewed objectively I thought I looked pretty enough. I remembered seeing outlawed photos in past case files, and thought I could look just as nice as some of the women. My eyes traveled down the reflection taking in the larger than average breasts. It was something of double edged sword. Personally, I liked them, but they made it harder to hide the femaleness of my body. My nipples were pink, soft in the warm air while my stomach was softly rounded, as were my hips and bottom. I wore smocks bigger than necessary to help add to the asexual look so I couldn't be suspected or accused of inciting others.

As I took in my form, I wondered, as I often did, why viewing it would be seen as arousing another to engage in activities which the state had deemed unlawful? I shook my head, trying to clear it, reminding myself of my role and that the law was clear on the matter. The only release, as far as the physical body was concerned, was only allowed through the cerebral stimulation program imbedded in each citizen, activated when they were of adult age. I had never utilized the neural stimuli process though I had heard others in whispered tones mention the enjoyment to be found within. It had been my work that provided me with the greatest pleasure and up until now, there had been no need for any other.  

Sitting down on the bed, my robe lying across it I took the drive and inserted it into the audio/visual monitor and said, "Play". After slipping into the garment, I engaged the food replication device to provide dinner and then I listened to a voice pour out from the speakers, the sound almost hypnotic in tone... 

"Sometimes there are stories that write themselves, while at other times it takes considerable time and effort to create something of substance. I've always found that when it comes to my own desires, my own fantasies the latter is the case. I don't know why, I guess when it's someone else's desires I do not judge, do not censor my words nor my thoughts.

When it comes to me, though, I choose each word carefully, dissecting each sentence, each phrase, until finally I grow weary and usually just finish, never really allowing things to progress to their natural conclusion. I'm unsure why I think this one will be different, I'm not really sure why I'm even writing it, but perhaps I'll discover that and even more by the time I'm finished. This is a tale of pure fiction, the characters have never met, know nothing of the other's existence, but soon their paths will cross and nothing will ever be the same again." 

I was unsure how long I sat there, listening to his words, the story he wove like nothing I had ever dared dream of. All I knew was by the time he had finished, and the mechanical voice asked if I wished to proceed to the second piece of evidence against the accused, I felt feelings unlike any I had ever felt before. It had been like listening to someone recalling a dream, yet the images seemed so lifelike, so...dare I say, erotic, that I had felt a conflict of emotions, feelings I'd never thought I might experience, simply by the sound of his voice.

My food lay cold, still waiting as I stood from the bed, my legs wobbly, my heart racing as my mind envisioned that which I had just heard. "Prosecutor M., do you wish to continue?" The voice was so cold and mechanical compared to the one I had been listening to. That voice, those words, had started a slow burn that was as welcome as it was unexpected. 

"No, pause and wait," my voice trembling along with my body, a trait as unfamiliar as the feelings coursing through it at the moment. 

That night when sleep finally came it was filled with vivid dreams painted with the words of the mesmerizing voice. When I awoke the next morning it was to sweat-filled sheets and half-formed memories which left my body hot and wanting, though unsure as to what.

The reflection in the drying tube that morning resembled more closely the outlawed photos, instead of my usual self. My face was flushed, my nipples were hard and my breathing was still heavier than normal. It was...arousing. I quickly dressed and then sent a missive, directing the penal system that I would meet with the prisoner and his court appointed clinical psychologist at ten that morning. Today would play a pivotal role in his future and though I was at a loss to say why, I felt compelled to insure that his future would last beyond this day. 

By the time I arrived, a room had already been prepared, and it was only seconds later that the door opened and in walked two others, one of them dragging a third man whose legs seemed to be inoperable as the hulking figure not so gently deposited the prisoner in a seat across from me.

The man in the chair bore no resemblance to the one I had seen in the holographic image only twenty four hours ago. He looked as if his physical presence and his mind had been destroyed over time. The pitiful figure resembled one of those who had been unlucky enough to live through the urban wars waged hundreds of year ago. His body emaciated, while his eyes were unresponsive to anything or anyone.

As I sat there taking in the spectacle, I saw the look of complete disinterest on one man's face along with an almost sadistic glee in the eyes of the other, the guard. He was holding some form of remote, and it was only then that I noticed how he was looking at me, having seen my interest in the object in his hand.

His voice was almost a deep growl saying, "This is to insure that the infamous Fantasy Writer here doesn't get any ideas as to acting up. Isn't that right, my good man?" 

He pressed the button, the leather collar around Samuels neck lighting up, an electrical charge surging through it, and to my horror, the individual in question didn't even blink, simply sitting there, almost comatose in his lack of response. I looked directly into the prisoner's eyes and finally I understood. 

Turning my attention to the other man I spoke tersely, "I assume you are the case worker for this subject. He's obviously under heavy sedation. What has been prescribed, to what levels and why has it been administered?

The look I got in return was disdainful as the white-coated figure said in a sarcastic tone, "I am no case worker, I am Doctor L. and if you'd taken the time to read my works on him, you would already be aware that any Statute Two violator is kept on a complete regimen of pharmaceutical drugs to insure their cooperation within the penal system Prosecutor M.." 

He spoke my name like it was some form of indentured title before continuing. "Those convicted of crimes against Statute Two are among the most violent we house within these walls. They are kept this way not only for their safety, but for that of all the other inmates who may have committed minor offenses, but nothing compared to offenders like Samuels."

My anger felt palpable as I fought to push back any outward sign of my emotions only to see the Doctor had already turned his attention elsewhere while the guard looked as if he was itching to once again shock the helpless figure. After a deep breath, I pulled out my portable communicator and within seconds the door opened and in walked the Warden of the facility. Both of his employees quickly stood as I pressed a button, a holographic replay of what had just transpired playing clearly, and by the time it had finished, I was more than ready.

My attention was strictly on the head administrator, my tone sharp, and my intent obvious. "I have never witnessed such a blatant lack of regard for a human being's civil rights, even during the worst of times in this society, Sir. Your guard, a man in a position of authority over this individual, deliberately tried to induce pain, though the prisoner did not provoke him or require any sort of correction for his actions. The man simply sat here while this man told me how through his misuse of medication and whatever type of 'inspirational' message your medical staff utilizes, broke a human being's mind and spirit. He deemed someone violent without cause and in doing so I now see before me a man more dead than alive. Pain has ceased to exist for him; your guard has happily proved that point."

My eyes burned with intensity as I unleashed a torrent of words. I took a step closer to the man who was in charge of this facility, my voice calm yet speaking volumes. 

"I demand that this individual be removed from his position immediately. If not, I will draw up formal charges against him for the misuse of state property and prejudice against his fellow man unless he resigns his post immediately. I will have that paperwork before I go." 

The guard looked as if he would charge at me, but was quickly stopped by a glance from the warden, shaking his head slowly as the large man glared in my direction. Turning on my heel I resolutely ignored him knowing if he put his hands on me, he too would find himself on the wrong side of the bars. I had garnered complete control of the situation and there was still another guilty party, one far worse in my opinion. The guard had an excuse, he was simply a sadist, the physician on the other hand was an incompetent fool. 

"As far as his court ordered case worker is concerned, his attitude reeks of insubordination." Turning towards the doctor I let my dislike show. "And by the way, yes, I did take the time to read your rather copious notes, Doctor. Although it all seemed written to possibly publicize your findings in either a book or some form of on-line drivel showing how you managed to control this 'beast' before me, congratulations by the way," my voice tinged with sarcasm. 

I watched him pale as he took in my words, "It also states in the rules and regulations when dealing with suspected Statute two offenders, not CONVICTED, since I am here to pass judgment, that it is at the discretion of the doctor if they are to be kept on a closely monitored regimen of drugs when it comes to the normal murderers, rapists, child molesters and other ilk who are incarcerated for their actions. This man has only been found in suspicion of words. Do you hear me?"

My voice rose in volume, "Yes, he may be guilty of a crime, but you are guilty of gross misconduct. I will insure your license is stripped, your words never see the light of day and if they do, I will personally represent this individual even if he is found guilty of his crimes. Now, I suggest both of you get out of my sight right now. Warden, they are dismissed, I require that you stay." 

It was only a minute later that I moved to sit beside the man who smelled as if he hadn't been allowed to bathe in months, the stench almost overwhelming and I had to force myself to draw near, my voice almost a whisper. 

"Mr. Samuels, can you hear me?" 

There was no moment of recognition, no look in his eyes to show that the few words spoken had been heard, recognized and an answer to follow. From the list of medications I had read which had been forced upon this individual, he, in layman's terms, had been given a medicinal lobotomy, his brain wiped of any cognizant thought or idea. 

Sitting there in the silence I felt my anger begin to build again, as the Warden stood by quietly. As I glanced up and looked at the administrator he looked at the prisoner. Suddenly he tensed and began to quickly move toward us only to stop when I held one hand out, the words unspoken but the meaning easily seen. 

I had felt the movement, the tremor as the man who sat beside me with trembling fingers raised his arm and let it gently fall down, his hand on top of mine. He never moved in any way other than that, his eyes still lifeless, staring into whatever oblivion he had been forced to submit to. What followed was nothing short of a miracle as his lips parted; his voice so soft almost not to be heard as he uttered three simple words. 

"Let....me...die." 

I turned, seeing a single tear run down his impassive face, his hand still in place and it was only when I removed my own that it simply fell beside him, as unmoving as the rest of his body. 

As I stood, I looked at the man in charge of the facility saying, "I want this prisoner cleaned, properly dressed with the uniform he has been wearing handled with care. It will be sent for testing to determine how long he has been living in such filth. If any of this evidence is tampered with, you will find yourself also playing a leading role in my report to the Council. Now, I suggest you deal with those two imbeciles and do as I have requested, now." 

That night, back in my home, I lay in bed, replaying it all. Even as softly as he had spoken, his words had been clear and I couldn't help but wonder if that was his true wish. If I would be derelict in my duty if I didn't do as he desired. Yes, technically he was guilty, of that there was no question. The law was clear, there could only be one of two possible outcomes. Lost in thought, I could only see another human being's hands outstretched, seeking compassion, possibly even comfort in telling me that it was okay to end his existence for what this country had been based on so many years ago; the freedom of speech. 

I poured over the contents of his file, reading the words of the pompous fool who even now was in the process of losing his license for his lack of ethics. I suddenly noticed something, a phrase that caught my attention, and an idea began to formulate in my mind. I read it over and over before finally speaking the words out loud, thinking how this could possibly be used to my advantage.

"In his ramblings, the patient shows an underlining desire to be put in the position of the opposite sex. This is a contradiction in terms as he is charged with channeling propaganda demeaning to the female of the species."

This alone confirmed my opinion of the doctor's lack of ability to understand the complexities of the writings I had listened to for the first time only yesterday. If anything he was championing women's rights in showing their superiority, though in a setting unlike modern day society. I remembered one sentence in particular where he described his words as being erotic, not pornographic and the meanings while blurred from the ancient text still spoke of a redeeming quality hidden away in others. The seed was planted, the idea growing and as I slept that night, I once again dreamed.

The next morning, I organized my thoughts, planning how to proceed in presenting my findings to the Council. The three members were made up of two women and one man, hopefully an edge to the rather risky plan I had in mind. I had already sent the request to the prison facility, to have the man, Samuels, transported to the central command, there to be brought forth when I required, and as I entered the formal chambers, before motioning for him to be brought forward.

The warden had done as I demanded, although the uniform was woefully too large for his body, the collar had been removed though he still wore the gleaming cuffs which seemed to be a police staple never to be discarded even in this modern age. He was able to walk on his own two feet, shuffling until he was positioned next to me and then after taking a calming breath, I began.

"I come before the Council today with my decision concerning this matter. Mr. Samuels stands here accused of the heinous crime of violating Statue Two. He has shown no remorse in his actions and has steadfastly continued his silence even when I have attempted to communicate with him with the exception of three words. His request was to be granted to die. I've gone through many other cases concerning violating this stature and in more than 95% of those- the individual has been put to death. The rare exceptions, the remaining five percent have been reeducated and placed back into society, usually in the most menial of positions, their thoughts, their memories gone, basically slaves to the system."

I paused for a moment, wanting to assure myself that I had the three members' complete attention. What I was going to propose was perilous not only to the man whose fate lay in my decision but to myself. They looked on, the man rather dubious, but the two women seemed to be intent, and I only needed two of the three to approve my findings. I had known in advance which two I would target. 

"We have come a long way since the Statute was written. Our society is based on changing for the betterment of everyone. But sometimes in those changes fear remains and we find ourselves also trying to cling to the old ways. I believe that following the protocol that was entrusted to us by past generations would be a mistake. We are a new world with brighter minds able to create a safer place for us all.
