 Everyone expected a war between the old ways of magic and the new ways of the steam engine upon its invention. However, what people quickly learned is that a synthesis of the two did more than anyone realised. Instead of a steam engine that could merely power trains and factories, it was made to power airships and augment spells. There was a frenzy of development as every day brought a dozen new inventions. While there inevitably were those who fundamentally opposed one side or the other, most people welcomed the change and the improvements it brought. A war between the old and the new was averted despite the pessimistic predictions of many. 

However, as those who remembered the time before steam grew grey and withered, the raw resource used in making steam engines more than their technology allowed, became scarce. The once plentiful element, the raw magic that had bonded with fossil fuels in the ground over centuries, called Ember, was now becoming much harder to find. Mines are dug deeper and prospectors scour for new sources. Heavy contestation over ownership of the new and old sources is escalating tensions. As a result, the tried and true method of settling debates has come back with full fury. War is on the horizon as each nation is quickly industrialising its military. 

At the most blissfully unaware state possible, the most critical element in the war to come was getting herself drunk in a bar, with no idea of the role she would play.

"Don't you think you have had enough?" Miller, the barkeep, teased his favourite customer. 

Not his favourite because she paid her bills or avoided needing to be thrown out. Rather, he enjoyed having a fun-loving, red-haired woman with an amazing figure and ample bosom in his bar. That, and the fact was that she was bringing in customers simply being there, by sitting, with her well-toned bum, on his bar stool. Her white top, tight and, ever so slightly see through, clearly showing off her black bra, distracted him enough to almost miss her response.

"I will give up drinking when people stop buying them for me. When do you think that will be?" Although she never really found the old and overweight barkeep attractive she always favoured him with a smile and her most playful voice. 

"Last call as always I guess." He chuckled.

The exchange was not what it seemed. It was a planned conversation and his way of letting her know when a man she had brought home in the past walked in. The last-call bit was to let her know the old fling was avoiding her. If he felt there might be a ruckus, he would suggest she buy her own drinks to help her cut down. Not that she was shy about how she had fun, but it would rather spoil things if those buying her drinks knew.

"Damn... Now here comes real trouble," Miller announced.

"And hello to you, too!" The new arrival exclaimed as she sat down at the bar. "Hey, Hannah. Get laid yet?"

"Just my landlord's son at lunch. So my rent is paid." Hannah chuckled. "How are you doing Mari?"

Mari was a visual contrast to Hannah. While Hannah had clean skin and an elegant haircut, Mari had shaved half her head and covered her skin in ink. Her hair dyed purple, it was always styled in whatever outrageous manner Mari took a fancy with. As well endowed as Hannah's breasts were, Mari's were about twice the size. Her almost non-existent top showing off the gleaming mounds and the ink that covered them. 

"Nothing new on them today," Mari commented, catching Hannah staring at her breasts. "I've been too busy."

"Your busy day is, I'm guessing, at least seven men."

"Three, but that's just what I woke up with and I had to do something while waiting for my appointment." Mari made a thoughtful pouting face as she pondered how to explain things.

"An appointment that you are going to rope me into joining you?" Hannah asked with a raised eyebrow.

"No, but also yes." Mari flicked her hand to order a drink and adjusted her almost non-existent skirt. 

She always did that when she was about to try and convince someone into doing something and seduction wasn't an option. Hannah stared at her until she was ready to speak again.

"So, I already agreed on my behalf. It's a job in a brothel," Mari explained.

"Those are illegal if I recall. In this city, and a lot of others."

"Well, actually it's only illegal if it's in a city-controlled space. Kinda boring to get into the legal crap, but the point is that if you operate from an airship, you can do whatever you want. Since it's not a part of the city, just visiting, you can run whatever business you want. As long as we aren't smuggling anything, we are in the clear."

"I assume we will have someone telling us who we can have sex with?" Hannah stated levelly with disinterest.

"Well yes," Mari confirmed. "But the point is that we can get paid to dress up pretty and spread our legs for all the fun we can manage. I know you like to choose for yourself, but after that bit with the blindfold in the stadium locker room, I doubt you can claim to be that picky."

"Yes I can, I knew they were all sexy as hell before going in there. The blindfold was to not see what was going on. I have standards, just not restraint."

"The point is..." Mari sighed "You have taken a lot of men to bed you might not have if you didn't get lost in the moment. That wedding last month, you didn't know any of the men before then."

"I was drunk off my ass and still don't remember. I like where I am, I choose who I want, live where I want, and I never suffer from a lack of food, clothing, or drink. What more do I need?"

"Make enough money and you can buy your own airship. Then you can do that same stuff, but all over the world, and with a lot more people." She paused before adding, "And you won't have to worry about how we just ruined your reputation by discussing your sex life in front of everyone here."

Hannah looked around the bar realising that absolutely everyone heard the whole thing. There were some very genuinely disappointed looks from some of her previous conquests and more than a few disgusted looks amidst the shocked expressions. 

"Balls..." Hannah muttered.

"As many as you could ever want. Now let's go." Mari quickly led Hannah out of the bar and towards the cable cars that would take them to the docks.

Unimaginatively named Crater Peak, the city they lived in was on a mountain that was also in the middle of a crater. The surrounding mountain range provided a massive natural barrier against any force attempting to march on it. Originally founded by the few hardy travellers who braved the crater mountains, the invention of the airship lead to the creation of a castle at the peak of the mountain inside the crater. Airship docks were installed below the castle to act as a trade hub, and the rest of the city crawled down from the peak down towards the valley. Farms in the valley fed the city and grew some of the most exotic crops the local environment allowed. 

When they reached the cable-car station, Hannah flattened out her red skirt to make sure it didn't look messy while she smirked at Mari who adjusted hers as if it mattered. 

The station this low in the city was rather run-down with mouldy concrete and rotten wood panels, but the carriage itself was finely decorated. It wasn't often that it ever came so low in the city.

"Looks like someone is having a bad day if they had to come down here from the castle," Mari mused.

"Either that or someone is slumming it. How did you get up and down for that meeting?" Hannah responded.

"Oh, there was a posting," She smiled. "I just made use of a wire and called ahead. She sent word and I was able to hitch a ride on one of the cargo carriages."

"Well, this will be a nicer ride for sure. Assuming we can get on, I'm not going to go look for a cargo carriage with this thing here."

There were two obstacles to getting onto the gondola. One was a young man sitting in a control booth that doubled as a ticket counter at the door. The other was preening his moustache and trying not to let the local air touch his suit.

"What one do you want?" Mari asked, adjusting her breasts.

"You know the drill, whoever he looks at the most. The other gets the man in the booth."

Mari held her hands behind her back as she trotted with a grin up to the gondola. Hannah walked gracefully beside her with a smile. Both men noticed the women approaching and were both a bit stunned when they reached the doorway the fop had been standing in.

"What are..." his eyes moved between the girls until they settled on Mari, "...you two doing here?"

Mari wanted to wink at Hannah but kept her eyes on her mark.

"Well, we need to get up to the docks. I'm a bit afraid of heights but had hoped someone would be able to keep my mind off of things. Also, you look like a man who has better things to do than just standing around. Perhaps we can help each other out."

"Indeed I do have better things to do... but if you think I can let a slum rat like you onto this gondola... well, you are sadly mistaken."

"If you rather me on something else, this slum rat is happy to oblige. Unless you prefer your rightful position... on top."

Mari was not too subtle with her hints, biting her lower lip as if it's all she could do to contain her lust. Her eyes pleading, almost begging, for him to accept the offer. He sniffed the air and looked down on her for a moment before turning around and walking inside. 

"Get in here before someone else sees you," he stated as he started to take off his gloves.

Mari smiled at Hannah as she trotted after him while Hannah took a few steps inside and watched her friend leave. Mari followed and unbuckled her belt knowing it would slow things down if she waited for him to do it. She was lead into a private cabin with a bed and bathroom attached. He took off his jacket and placed it neatly over the back of a chair. When he turned around he saw Mari getting on her knees in front of him. Excitement in her eyes, he grinned as she undid his trousers and pulled his stiffening manhood free to slide into her open mouth. His own eyes widened in surprise as he was taken completely down the girl's throat without a problem. He groaned in pleasure at the feeling as she withdrew only to plunge him deep a second time. Every time she took a gasping breath he smiled, feeling powerful that he could control her breathing while she pleasured him on her knees.

"Get on the bed and spread your legs," he commanded, ready for the next step as he stripped out of the rest of his clothing.

Mari gave a noise of assent as she flicked off her skirt, having already undone the belt, and got on the bed. She crawled, showing off her bum in the air before starting to slide off her panties as she rolled over. Tossing them aside as she watched her partner crawl on top of her, she slid her hands under her top and pushed them up to reveal her breasts. 

He looked at her naked body, the intricate designs of the ink markings all over it. The pale white flesh that peeked through contrasted with it. He held himself up with one arm supporting himself as Mari held onto her own legs to keep them spread wide. As he reached down to fondle the exposed womanhood, he drew in close and penetrated her body slowly. Mari gasped as though the wind had been knocked out of her, as though she struggled to accommodate him inside her. After having guided himself inside her, his hand reached up to grip her by the breast and yank on it as he thrust inside her. 

Soon he began to make a weird noise that Mari quickly realised he was about to climax. Disappointed that he hadn't lasted long enough for her, she tried to keep him inside her, but he pulled out too quickly. Instead, she wrapped her lips around him in time to swallow the seed that poured forth. As he collapsed on the bed, Mari felt the gondola start to move and the view out the window start to change. She smiled as she climbed onto her mark to see if she could get him going again. She wondered what her friend had done to get the ride going.

****

Hannah smiled politely at the young man in the control booth through the small porthole window in the door. After she and Mari had been admitted, he kept glancing at her.

"You know, I'm much better company if we didn't have a door to keep us from talking," Hannah had to raise her voice slightly to be heard through the door, but didn't let her charm leave her tone.

"Not supposed to be talking with passengers ma'am, or opening that door for them," he replied sheepishly.

"But we are the only two on board. Well except for the one man who is far too distracted to care what you might be doing."

He seemed to be deliberating his choice seriously before giving in to his temptation to get closer to the redhead. Her green eyes having already enchanted him through the porthole. When he opened the door, Hannah smiled and drew close to kiss him on the cheek.

"Thank you so much," she said as if he had done her some great favour.

He blushed and mumbled something in response before sitting back down at the controls. 

"So, what are we waiting for before departing?" asked Hannah before she drew a deep breath to push out her chest.

"Ummm... well we were told to wait until our client returned. Said he had to inspect his factory holdings."

"How long until he gets back?"

"Hours," he sighed at how boring his waiting had been up until very recently.

"Enough time to get up to the docks and back?"

"I suppose but... no, I can't do that," his eyes widened as he got the hint.

"Maybe not, but I'm sure you can point out what I need to do while you keep your hands busy elsewhere," Hannah explained as she sat on his lap.

She could feel him stiffening as she rubbed her bum in his lap and leant back to kiss him while offering a fine view down her top. He quickly walked her through the controls as she slid her panties off and hiked up her skirt. By the time she had gotten her skirt out of the way to sit back down, he had undone his trousers and felt himself sliding slowly inside the woman as she put pressure down upon him. 

"Now this is a ride I could do all day long," Hannah gasped as his hands groped her breasts and belly. 

He didn't respond as she gently nudged the controls to get the gondola moving. The launch was smooth and the minor shaking felt great as the man inside Hannah shook with it. She rocked her hips back and forth, around and up, all while moaning in pleasure. People outside could see into the booth, and she freed her breasts for the viewing public by pulling her top down. Her playmate seemed oblivious to the onlookers now that her breasts were free. Pinching at her nipples and gripping them roughly, Hannah moaned harder. 

As the gondola rose up and out of the dock the view of the city was extraordinary. Getting off his stool and bending her over the ticket till, he gave her a good view of the city as he gripped her hips for stronger thrusts. She watched small airships flit around the city and the buildings that all looked like they were crooked. It didn't matter if they were built vertical or perpendicular to the slope, everything seemed a bit off. When he started to pull her hair while thrusting harder, she could start to see the larger airships that were coming in to dock or had just left. Suddenly she felt the hot seed spurting into her womb as her playmate gasped in pleasure.

As he sat back down with Hannah still on his lap, the door opened.

"There is a washroom if you need to clean up," Mari commented, handing her friend a pair of towels.

Hannah took one towel for herself and passed the other to the controller. Then headed off to follow Mari to the cabin where she could clean up. After doing so, she came out to find Mari pouring a drink she had liberated from a cabinet for her. She looked at the bed at the still body on it.

"Is he dead?" Hannah asked with a smirk.

"No, sleeping like a log but not dead. I haven't done that to anyone yet," Mari smirked back while taking a sip of her own drink.

Arriving at the docks, Hannah flashed a smile and a wink to the gondola controller before leaving him.

"I think he wants to marry you now," Mari teased with a friendly smile.

"I get roughly two or three marriage proposals a week. That's what I get when I meet someone, we end up fucking and I make them feel loved. For that short time of burning passion, I love that person."

"When it's not a sports team in the locker room."

"Well, yeah. Sometimes a girl just wants to have a wild ride."

"Well, this new job will make good use of that. Dock 17 is over there."

They walked past all sorts of other airships that, while impressive, were industrial hauliers or cheap passenger liners. Only the top ten docks housed the rich luxury liners or military warships of the line. They were looking for something a little more common. 

Reaching their destination, the ship they saw looked absolutely dilapidated. Rotten boards on the hull bounded with rusted iron rivets. The only thing that looked new was the renovated cabin on the deck made from cheap wooden panels and plaster. The portholes were opaque with grime.

"Are we going to be murdered?" Hannah asked. "If you ruined my reputation just to get us murdered, I want to know so I can bitch about it in advance."

"No, damn it." Mari sighed. "I suppose I should have warned you but I've already been here. It looks a lot nicer on the inside."

"It could be the slum den I was born in and still look better on the inside than out."

"Okay, I will give you that, but airships aren't cheap. Even the shitty looking ones. So just ignore it until we get inside."

Hannah took a deep breath and stepped up the ramp to the loading door that had been left open. Mari led her into the ship since she certainly wasn't going to be first. 

The hall showed signs of some very serious cleaning and rolled carpet was stacked off to the side of the hall. Doors on either side looked like they hadn't been opened in years and that they were most likely the personal cabins. Names were scratched into the woodwork. Up some metal spiral stairs, only the railings of which had been scraped of rust, they were in a lobby that seemed to have been the focus of the cleanup. Soft carpet, hardwood wall panels, antique chairs with soft velvet cushions, and a fully stocked bar with crystal glasses. Hannah started to feel that murder was a less likely outcome.

Sitting at one of the chairs, staring at papers and ledgers arrayed on the solid oak table, was a woman. Older than either Hannah or Mari, who were twenty-five and nineteen respectively, the woman was a very young looking thirty-two that Hannah pegged as twenty-eight or so. Wearing a dress that Hannah pegged as the cities fashion-of-choice last month. A cheap buy when the nobility switches their wardrobe, but an amazing deal for anyone else. A soft yellow jacket wrapping a white, overbust corset and a long white pleated dress. Not what Hannah herself would consider fashionable, but the nobility always played by its own rules. Her long blonde hair, done up in curls, were falling out of shape. A slender narrow face, but not harshly so, much like Hannah and Mari themselves. Lovely full lips that smiled when she looked up to see her new arrivals.

"Well now, Mari was right when she said she had the perfect friend for this ship. My plan is to only hire women I would be willing to bed myself, and you certainly fit the bill." The woman eyed Hannah with interest.

Hannah walked over and straddled the woman in the chair, leaning in to let her breasts caress her face, before tilting her head up to kiss her. A long kiss, sliding her tongue inside and massaging her soon to be employers with her own. Eventually, she pulled away feeling the blonde woman's lips sucking on her tongue for a moment trying to keep it in her mouth.
