 After taking a minute, Liddy looked back at Hannah. "So you saw the client..."

Taking the hint to finish the story, Hannah continued. "Wife was pregnant and couldn't please him apparently, so he fucked me in front of her as a demonstration. He couldn't see me past his gut or whatever half the time, so I took the chance to make the wife happy. The client never caught on and the wife loved it. Afterwards, she walked me out and we ducked into an anteroom for the kitchen, where I went down on her and gave her her first orgasm."

"That's about when I walked in." Easy added.

"Yup, apparently she's not known for keeping her mouth shut, so the client's wife wanted her gone. Didn't want her to talk and let slip what happened. Handed me the leash and papers, all signed. The other token she gave me after I made her cum. So then I brought this one home. Figured you would free her if she wanted to work here. If not, we send her back because free slaves don't do well apparently, and she's better off working there."

"I see," Liddy stated flatly. "Not that I am opposed to freeing a slave or anything, but that was a big risk you took with the client's wife. If you knew you would be freeing a slave, that's one thing but you can't be risking our reputation by serving others during a contract. I get why, I really do. But you need to keep things professional."

Hannah could tell Liddy was angry at her, but she didn't want to be angry at the results. "I understand."

"Good." Liddy knew Hannah meant it and considered it settled. "Now. What's your name?"

"I'm called 'Easy' ma'am," she replied, hoping the tension in the room would go away now.

"How did you get that name?" Mari asked, forming her own idea as to how.

"Well, I was bought as a child to be friends with Elsa. The wife of the man you were with." Easy looked at Hannah for the last part. "She called me Easy because I was so easy to get along with. When she got older, she was married off and brought me with her. Of course, since then I seldom got to see her, let alone talk to her, because her new husband didn't want an Emberborn consorting with his wife."

"Forgive me for not knowing," Mari interrupted again. "But what's the deal with Emberborn? You're the first I've ever actually met."

"I don't actually know," Easy started. "I'm just different and they don't tell you much in the stock house. I really don't remember much, and never got told anything as I got older." 

"I can fill everyone in then," Liddy spoke up, happy to be friends again. "You know the emberstone contraceptives you get implanted through your belly button so that you don't get pregnant or catch anything?"

"You kidding?" Mari replied, "Poor Hannah had to fuck six people at the clinic to get me mine when I was sixteen and too young."

"Took me all week so they didn't catch on I was doing all of them," Hannah added while taking a seat.

"Well..." Liddy continued. "Sometimes, and I don't think anyone honestly knows how or why or what happens, you can still get pregnant but they turn out looking like something else. Animals of some kind, some real, some mythical, but nobody knows the combination of factors that allow it to happen. Regardless, we are still better off keeping our implants. The general consensus is that they make good slaves and are sold after birth."

"Yikes," Mari responded.

"So, the question right now is what's best for you Miss Easy. Do you stay or go? In case you haven't guessed, we have sex for money. You are a pretty girl, but I won't make you do anything you don't want. I can give you a crew job if you want," Liddy offered.

"Oh no, I really want to have sex," Easy responded with excitement.

"I wasn't expecting that level of enthusiasm. Care to explain?" Liddy inquired. 

"Well, there is a pretty strict taboo about fucking Emberborn, so most of the time they don't risk it. Of course, I know what I look like and could very easily talk anyone into taking the risk. But of course there was my problem, they knew about how much I talked and so no one ever touched me. They resented having me around, but Elsa never let them sell me off. Of course, there were other slaves, but while Emberborn are extremely infertile when it comes to humans, we are the opposite with our own. Unfortunately, outside of the slave breeders, nobody has the talent or tools to avoid the equally high chance of miscarriage. So you would think I could have my fun with the legion of very bored, but physically-fit house guards..." Easy paused to savour the fantasy she frequently entertained with a room full of men to please her. "...but the first time I got flirty with one, he got flogged. So I've been living in frustration and Elsa knew it. She put two and two together when I walked in on you and gave me to you."

"So you want to work out that sexual frustration by working for me?" Liddy asked.

"I have a better question," Mari interrupted while trying to sit upright, but laid back down when she realised her bum wasn't ready yet. "With all the taboos and such. Have you ever actually had sex?"

Everyone stared at Easy in surprise awaiting an answer. "No. Not with anyone besides myself and a few helpful objects," Easy answered. The women stared at Easy in stunned silence for a minute. "So I would really, really, really, love to get paid to have sex... like a lot."

Liddy laughed. "Paid a lot or have sex a lot?"

"Well, I meant sex, but I am happy with both if that's how it works," Easy replied returning a giggle.

"Fine, if it's what you want. Nobody to gossip to other than us, so your 'talking' shouldn't be an issue with finding clients who want a little taboo fun. Though no talking about clients until all clients are off the ship. That's really a rule for everyone. Now, Hannah, take her out for some clothing. Keep the collar and leash on, so nobody makes a fuss about a free Emberborn. Once she is ready, we can cut that thing off." Liddy gestured for the papers so she could sign ownership onto Easy and free her. "Go with them, Mari, since the walk will keep you off your ass," Liddy said as she grinned.

"My ass can use a walk as well," Ving added in.

The four of them left Liddy to her books and ledgers to find some new clothing for their little fairy. Ving knew the city well enough to point them in the right direction. While passing over the main street on a walkway, they were surprised to see marching troops passing under them.

"There must be thousands of them," Mari observed.

"City Guard, Militia, House-guard, pretty much everyone who carries a weapon," Ving added.

"Looks like a parade rather than an operation. Suppose they are going off to do something and making a show of it," Hannah reasoned.

"While working, I noticed a lot fewer guards on the grounds," Easy explained. "Then everyone else complaining that their best bodyguards were conscripted. I guess this is where they ended up."

"Any idea where they are going?" asked Hannah.

"Well, every city has some kind of Embermine. I think there are about six locally, so probably off to guard them," Ving guessed.

They watched the troops marching for a while longer. Most carried rifles, while others held larger weapons with mounting stands. Behind the men were massive horse-drawn guns, each of which were larger than a carriage. 

"Those must be the new auto-guns," Hannah pointed. "They supposedly keep shooting if you keep the trigger pulled like this." Hannah tapped the railing in a rapid steady rhythm.

"How do you know about that?" Easy asked curiously.

"Back home, I did my stint in the Crater Peak Defense Army. Two years. Only needed to be in for the one but I loved it. Everyone had to serve when they turned eighteen unless they weaselled their way out of it. Personally, I loved being in a barracks filled with fit men who were frequently bored. Also got me some manners with the nobility so I could guard them and not make an ass of myself. That, of course, let me blend in enough to get laid by some better smelling men. Of course, it wasn't all long patrols through the farmland or fancy dinners for visitors. Had to fight my way out of a slum riot when we were sent in to stop them from raiding the farm waggons. Big drought meant rationing, and the slums never had much food to begin with. Aside from crap like that, I liked it, at least until I was caught between two brothers, each fucking a side of me. Unfortunately, their mother walked in and saw them 'wasting themselves' on a common girl in uniform. Dishonourable discharge later, and I was about to be brought up on charges -- when the brothers, who still really liked me -- sent word to lay low. I hid out in the slums and met Mari pretty much on the first day when I started squatting in her crap shack."

"I..." Easy fumbled. "...wasn't expecting all that. Guess you have a lot to say. I'm so used to lives being simple and dull."

"Sorry, Easy, I guess I do have a habit of talking a lot." Hannah fired a wry smile at Easy who just laughed in return. "You aren't the only one who talks, sweetie. Just means you are already my friend."

"Thank you, it means a lot to me." "Much easier for you than it was for me," Ving chimed in.

Hannah turned to Mari to continue her story when she noticed her bent over the railing and a soldier behind her ramming it in and waving to the troops passing by. Hannah laughed and rolled her eyes, wondering how long it had been going on and how the soldier got away from the march. Mari pulled down the top part of her dress so the passing troops could see her breasts bounce and smiled. A short shout from another soldier at the end of the walkway ended the fun as he pulled out and refastened before a quick kiss. He ran off and Mari fixed her dress.

"Well, that was fun. Were you saying something, Hannah?" Mari asked.

"Nope, not a thing," Hannah replied in a tone Mari knew meant she had missed a lot because she had been too busy fucking, but Hannah didn't want to repeat anything. Mari herself had used the same tone on Hannah enough that neither were offended and simply smiled. 

Finally arriving at a woman's tailor after leaving the walkway, Hannah was a bit relieved that it was less pretentiously decorated than the one where she got the outfit she was still wearing. Inside, Hannah started looking around, her focus on things that could be slipped off quickly as well as able to accommodate a wingspan. Corsets were the obvious choice since the binding in the back could be done to avoid the wings. Easy looked good in a deep green corset that pushed her breasts up without making it hard to breathe. Her slender frame didn't need any help appearing thinner. 

The tailor, while used to women taking over his shop as they tried on clothing, was surprised to be seeing an Emberborn as the focus. Mari was, despite her plain dress, still looking like a lowborn. Ving, of course, appeared to be a bodyguard of some kind. He did his best to ignore Easy as was only proper. Hannah was who he directed himself to the most. The 'Lady' had some strange tastes, but he knew he couldn't afford to offend her with his judgement. Hannah knew, of course, the moment he found out she wasn't a real 'Lady' the service would get real bad real fast. As he went to his workshop to retrieve some tools for adding some bindings to the corset Easy was trying on, Hannah followed him in.

About as old as Hannah, he certainly didn't mind when she came up close behind him, but she surprised him with a gentle embrace. He set down the tools he had just picked up, as her hands found their way across his belly and down the front. In the past, he had agreed to terrible opinions, accepted diminished pay, even slapped a servant in order to please his clients. He quickly realised this time was going to be much more enjoyable. 

"I must compliment you on the quality of your work and the dedication to your clients," Hannah whispered as she held him tighter so he could feel her breasts pressing into his back.

"Of course, M'Lady." He muttered, growing stiff in her hand. He took off his own trousers quickly and wiped off his shirt when turning to face Hannah who, while holding him by his manhood, lead him over to what looked like a hammock. Some material that had been hanging that she sat on, and was happy when it took her weight. She quickly pushed aside the material hiding her wetness and slid the tailor inside her. He grabbed the supporting wires and started to swing Hannah back and forth, to put her weight behind his thrusts. Hannah opened her blouse to expose her pink, lace-covered breasts before supporting herself by holding the tailor's arms. Surprised with how much she was enjoying herself. She added her own strength to the swinging. She switched her grasp to the wires holding the material, as he switched his hands to her breasts. Yanking down on them each time she swung closer, he made Hannah gasp as she enjoyed their abuse as well as the hard slam that penetrated her each time. 

Ving and Easy watched from the doorway, peeking through the curtains. Easy, still only in her underwear, had a hand touching herself and penetrating her own wetness with each thrust Hannah took. Ving, while not openly pleasing herself, was content to let Mari slip her hands around her and put her own behind her to return the favour. Hannah loved seeing the young virgin desperate to feel the hard cock sliding out and ramming in with the sway of the swing. She let her vocals pick up so the girls weren't disappointed. 

That appeared to be enough for the tailor who grunted and looked panicked not knowing if he was allowed to fill up a Lady. Hannah slid off the swing quickly and was just in time to get her face covered in his seed, not quite getting her mouth around it in time. She swallowed the tail end of the load and got back on the swing. She placed her hand on his head and pushed him down to give the hint that he had to finish what he started.

"Ving. I require some cleaning," Hannah informed in a falsely arrogant tone.

Ving walked over as Hannah felt the tailor penetrate her with his tongue. Not really talented, but Hannah didn't mind. She grabbed Ving by the neck for a kiss before she moved her face to put Ving's tongue to it. Ving licked slowly over Hannah's face to make sure she cleaned her up. As her face was being cleaned, Hannah felt fingers penetrate her while the tongue wandered around where he thought her clit might be. A sharp gasp let him know when he found it. Ving, done with the face, went to lick Hannah on the neck and over her breasts where a few drops had landed. Once fully clean, she grabbed a piece of fabric nearby to dry off Hannah, and then adjusted her bra back on and began buttoning up her blouse. Hannah panted heavily as she drew close and gave off a slut's moan as she climaxed, wrapping her legs around the head pleasuring her. She kept his head there, drinking her up until she had calmed back down and slipped off the swing. Fixing her underwear to cover her again, she gestured to Easy and Mari to get back in the shop.

The tailor finished his work in a bit of a daze, smiling as Hannah kept close. When he was finished with all the clothing Easy needed to be altered, Hannah paid him. He was surprised to be paid at all, given what he was allowed to do with her body, but Hannah responded.

"I pay for proper service. Do I look like a harlot of some kind?" She almost couldn't contain herself.

Not noticing Mari and Ving silently laughing, he responded ,"Of course not M'Lady. Anytime."

They left with bundles of clothing for Easy, wore a pale blue sundress that hugged her figure tightly. 

"I can't believe you just did that." Easy uttered in surprise, once out of sight of the shop.

"Why not?" Hannah asked curiously. 

"Well, it was just so easy for you. Then Mari on the walkway. So many years I never got touched by anyone except for their eyes. I could see them looking at me, wanting me, then having to touch myself instead. But for you, it was just so easy. I want to know how I can do that."

"Well, confidence is the key, but there is more to it than that. The first stage is, of course, to dress for sex. It isn't always about revealing a lot of skin. Look at me now, I'm almost totally covered, but men still see me as a sexual woman. They see my figure, my breasts almost pushing their way out, my legs. They know something they want is under the clothing without seeing what's under my clothing. As long as they can do that, you can cover up as much as you want and still get them interested."

"Then why all the sexy clothing then?"

"Well, not everyone has the same tastes or has the necessary observational skills. So it's best to have some more obvious options. Sometimes it's enough to simply be unusually dressed to catch their attention, but some need to see a woman wearing what they expect her to wear. That's the second part, figuring out what the men want."

"Being young and sexy isn't enough?"

"Sometimes it is. A lot of the time really. But we work to sell ourselves to the deepest pockets, so we gotta spot them, figure what they want, and be that kind of woman. They might want to fuck you quickly enough, but we have to convince them our bodies are worth paying for. Just having money usually brings them all the women they want without them actually spending it on them. Right, Ving?"

"Very much so," Ving responded. "I'd be in bed with some of them just so I could sleep and eat in mansions or get sponsors for races. Most of the time, I just let them do what they wanted to me in case I needed them later. To live that lifestyle, you slept with whoever provided it. I had to compete with a lot of spoiled bitches who only knew how to spread their legs. So since they can get so many women for free, they need a good reason to pay for it."

"So as complex as it is, sex is simple compared to getting paid."

"Well yes, sort of," Hannah answered. "If all I wanted was sex, I can get it from anywhere, and back before I signed on with Liddy, I did. If one guy didn't want me, there was always another. Now though, we have specific targets who we have to entice, seduce, and get to agree on payment. Liddy will help you with that to start, and set you up with clients. The more you get fucked, the better you will get on reading what they want and how to make yourself their fantasy. So for now, just focus on being sexy for yourself and build your confidence as a sexual woman."

"Fair enough. It's just odd that other women want it as badly as I do. You all had sex today but still wanted more. I felt like I was so alone."

"Oh, girl." Mari laughed. "Most people want to have sex. Lots. Men just have an easier time expressing it since it's expected. Women generally can't. I think it's because most women don't feel safe expressing it due to most men just assuming it means with them, and they don't understand when a woman tells them no. So we keep it to ourselves. That being said, just because a man is a man doesn't mean he will want to have sex either. More than you think will turn down a fling, even if they aren't married."

"I think though that since you are a virgin you should play that role for a while. Even after it's not true anymore," Hannah explained. "Even I pull it off, though not as much the older I get, and some men can tell quickly if your body moves like one. So capitalise on your inexperience as long as you can. Remember the things you do wrong so that you can keep doing them when you want to be a virgin again."

"I never thought about it like that. So why didn't you just get the clothing for free just now? I'm sure he would have after what happened."

"Well, two reasons. First is that Liddy would be upset if I fucked my way out of a business expense and someone found out. The other is that I was playing a role with him, and you should never break a role, even after you get what you want. That meant paying like a Lady would, even if the things I did with him were most unladylike. I've yet to meet a well-bred woman who is as eager to swallow or take it on her face like I did. But because I kept playing the role and made him finish me off, as well as order Ving about like a servant, he didn't notice. Paying the bill just kept the illusion. As far as he remembers today, he will think of it as a Lady who looked for an out-of-the-way tailor she could use for fun without getting noticed. Also, with you being Emberborn, he seemed a bit annoyed at servicing you. Men are much less ornery after they get to put their cocks in a woman."
