 Liddy lay on the desk, with her legs spread wide, and her ankles in the hands of the man using them to leverage his thrusts inside her. He had met her in person at his door when she arrived and taken her into his study. Books and papers had lain on the desk that she had instantly recognised as financial papers. Now the papers were under her or on the floor. Liddy watched the light from the flicking of the gas lamps play over her bare breasts as they bounced with each penetration. The client's eyes stared intently at her body and never bothered to meet hers, so she cast her attention along his well-muscled body. His hairy chest glistened with sweat at the effort he was putting into Liddy. An effort she was thankful for, as the pleasure helped keep her focus off the servants watching. Six people stood at the edges of the room. One holding drinks, another clothing, others simply appeared to have no purpose. All were emberborn males. She could see them shifting awkwardly as they tried to hide their arousal. Liddy couldn't spend too much time looking at them or risk, the client noticing. He flipped her over and was about to resume when the door burst open to reveal a well-dressed woman.

"What is the meaning of this?!" she shouted, gesturing at Liddy.

"What it damn well looks like!" he responded.

"I will not allow this in my own home!"

"This is my home and I will do as I please!"

Liddy lay bent over the desk, still held down as he entered her again in view of his wife. Her breasts bounced beneath her, moving the papers she had been resting on. His wife retaliated by yanking a painting off the wall, of someone who vaguely resembled her client, and storming out of the room.

"Perhaps then your father would like to get wet himself. Maybe in the ocean!"

"Get back here, you bitch!" he shouted, pulling out of Liddy and chasing after his wife while stuffing himself back into his pants.

Four of the servants had followed, leaving the two holding his personal items behind. Liddy remained on the desk and contemplated her next move. Bailing out would be acceptable since she had the money already and he had gotten sex. Yet he wasn't satisfied and she didn't feel right leaving the job unfinished without him dismissing her. 

"Do you think he's going to come back?" she asked the emberborn wolf holding drinks.

"Eventually, yes. They can go at it for hours, though," he responded, somewhat bashfully still trying to avoid looking at Liddy.

"If you want to know if you should stick around, I suggest you do," The snake-scaled man holding the clothing suggested. "Even if only to be dismissed on his terms. Otherwise, he will blame his wife and get angry all over again."

"Fair enough. So does one of you want to stand guard while the other fucks me or what?"

Liddy kicked herself for suggesting something so foolish while on contract with a client. Yet it would also be prudent to keep herself in the mood in case the client came back to finish.

"M'Lady?" the wolf muttered, stunned.

"Don't pretend you haven't wanted to take a human woman."

They looked at each other before setting down their items, and the snake produced a coin. He flipped it and won without them saying a word, having predetermined their choice on sides. The wolf left the room and the snake came over to Liddy, who slid off the desk and onto her knees. Knowing better than to undress him, she simply pulled out the ample manhood he had and smiled as she thought of how many times men compared themselves to pythons. 

Running her tongue along the scaled shaft, she was happy to find it so smooth. Taking it down her throat, she could barely contain it whenever he pressed it down her throat. Not wanting to waste time, she stood back up and laid back on the desk. She watched as the brawny snake man slithered himself inside her while holding her by the ankles as her client had. He leant down, spreading her legs even farther to do so, and from his mouth came a thin, long tongue that would put Easy to shame, and began licking the sweat from all over Liddy's breasts. Rapid flicking motions over her nipples made Liddy dizzy as he continued to thrust inside her over and over. Unable to contain himself, he hissed loudly as he made several rough thrusts before holding himself as deep inside her as he could manage as his seed filled her womb. Out of breath, he hissed quickly to catch himself. 

"Amazingly well done."

"Thank you. So very much M'Lady. Would you mind if..." he hesitated.

"I'm ready and willing for anything. Just tell me."

Without actually telling her anything, he repacked his pants and headed for the door. Liddy rolled over to once again be bent over the desk so she could see him leave and the wolf enter. She giggled and smiled before spreading her legs and letting out a playful whimper. The wolf took the hint and quickly got behind her. He wasted no time sliding inside her. Feeling so different from the snake, yet pleasurably more rough with his thrusts. He reached one arm over her to support himself on the desk, placing the other on her belly so that he could feel his cock moving inside her. His tongue hung out as he was panting right next to Liddy's head. She felt sensational at the idea of having someone inside her that most would shun her for. If the men could have their way with the likes of Easy, then why shouldn't she have the pleasure of whatever man she wanted?

"I've never mounted a..."

"Bitch. I'm your bitch."

"Enjoy this, do you? Being bred by a wolf. Wild beast making a human woman beg..."

He never got to finish his line before exploding inside Liddy, who had been enjoying the dialogue too much to hold back. Her own climax was stifled only by the need to be quiet. Finished, he helped Liddy clean up to conceal the evidence before calling his friend back in. Liddy skipped redressing herself and waited with them. Looking over the papers, she couldn't help but try to puzzle out her client's finances. When he finally returned, he had the painting in hand minus the frame that no doubt suffered during the struggle. He was surprised to see her still there and sighed angrily as he set the painting down against the wall.

"You can go. I'm not in the mood now. Unless you know anything about money, I have no need of you."

"You are being swindled," Liddy replied flatly.

"What?" he asked, only then realising that he left her alone with all his books. "You were reading my papers?!"

Sensing he was about to get angry, Liddy knew she needed to defuse him. "Not at all. Just that this book here is altered. Didn't need to really read anything to tell that."

He took the book from her as she handed it to him. "Explain."

"Books get written in ink because once you do it's there. Mistakes and all. This one was written in graphite and then redone in ink. Graphite can be erased."

"That doesn't mean anything. It could be to avoid mistakes..." his explanation failed to convince him even as he said it.

"Of all the mistakes in your books, how much effort to fix them? A rewritten page or two at most? This person is rewriting all their books regardless of mistakes. A lot of extra effort when whoever inks them can still mess up. No, they are writing all the values and then deciding, after the tally is made, what to alter. Once they make the changes, they ink it in so it all looks legit."

"Give me a moment." he said, taking a seat and reading the book intently.

****

Inky was holding still as the tailor fitted her with the combat corset. It was a drab green colour, but it was just to let her judge if she wanted it at all. It was a snug fit and rough on her skin, but once it was on, she was able to move about. Doing exercises and stances to get a feel for any restriction in her movement, she was pleasantly surprised. The skirt was far more 'frilly' than she had expected, but it left her with as much range of motion as she wanted. Also, she concluded, it offered quick and easy access for men getting between her legs. 

"It's rough on the skin. If we don't wear something underneath, it will chafe the skin after a while," Inky explained.

"Well, most just wear them for show on special occasions, not as part of their regular kit. I could line them with some silk. Keep things smooth and it won't trap heat."

"Good. The skirt comes out a bit wide."

"Ah yes, the layers under it do have that effect. Removing them would diminish the protective effects. I could add weights to the edge as part of the decorative treatment. Something you could remove if you had too. Should hold it down a bit more."

"Loops. For bullets. Make the edge of the skirt like a bandoleer. Holds it down and makes us look menacing."

"I... yes. I can do that."

"Good. What about my breasts?"

"Ah... well, to be honest, that is a non-trivial element. I can use the same fabric composite as the corset, but it wouldn't be as thick. I haven't anything already made to show you, though."

The young woman who had been assisting the tailor grinned at his quick recovery.

"That's alright. Now for our heads, a beret might be best."

"Ah, lovely. That should do well."

"Yet, I also want helmet covers in whatever colour suits our choices."

"Indeed. Have you decided on the colours?"

"I want to blend into our airship, so the deep browns of stained wood. For the corset at least."

"And the skirt?"

"Same, with a muted, non-reflective silver lace underneath."

"May I suggest stockings?"

"Garter. Holding up fishnet stockings to the knee. Below that, just whatever expensive socks are made of. We won't be marching much, but I don't like blisters because the socks were too rough."

"Fishnet? I'm not sure I...

"This is a fishing town, as I'm certain you are aware. A fine grade fishnet made into stockings. I've seen other women wear it, and it's magnificent to look at, and for covering up something without actually covering it up."

"That's... brilliant!"

"For the bra, I'd like it black. Yet put some false rivets in it to make it look almost like cast iron. Just no actual iron. The last thing we need is someone getting his hands on us and end up with an infected cut."

"I would think any man putting his hands on your breasts would be more concerned with the various other injuries associated with doing so."

Inky smiled. "We prefer to choose who gets injured after laying their hands on us. Also, I need it separate and removable for when our breasts need to be barred without taking everything else off."

"I... can do that."

"Trust me, it comes up much more often than you might think."

"Fair enough. Perhaps given your tastes so far, I may suggest decorating the skirt and corset further by adding some brass cogs to them. Nothing that would catch much light but would break up the colour a bit."

"Agreed. I want it to look like we are wearing an airship. Do you know a good cobbler for getting some boots made?"

"Oh yes, across the street and right on the corner. Fine man, aside from a few stern warnings when he started courting my sister, we have gotten along well. I can have him make whatever you need."

"Excellent. They would primarily be combat boots, but not quite looking like it. Steel toes, while comfortable enough to be marching in. Easy to take off as well. I want them to come up to just under the knee so they don't make it difficult to bend, but the front should come up and cover the knee. A metal disc of some kind with padding so we can kneel on it."

"I will talk to my brother in law and see what he thinks. My daughter here can come with you and get measurements from the rest of your crew. How many would you be needing?"

"Nine for certain." Inky knew Hannah would want one. "A tenth for the captain. Perhaps two more as spares."

"Well now, a big order but with them all being the same, it should go a bit faster. If you check back with me in a week, I should at the very least have a better idea of what day they would be done."

"Excellent. If you get me an estimate, I can give you the down payment."

After concluding some paperwork, Inky left and headed back to the ship. 

****

Meanwhile, on the ship, Ving was greeting the new guest, hoping Liddy wouldn't be upset with her having named her ship. Ever since they launched, they had been using the registry code. Ving, having experience being greeted at clubs by doormen welcoming her to the name of the club, had to think quickly. 

"Welcome, Sir, to The Lucky Harlot." She was used to being taken to casinos that commonly had the word lucky in the name, and knew Hannah liked the word Harlot.

"Ah, well, it is good to be here. I was entirely unaware such a vessel existed."

"We are quite new. Only a few weeks since we first set sail. May I offer you a drink?" Ving gestured to the bar where Easy was fluttering her wings as she mixed drinks.

"Is... she for hire?"

"Of course. The only women not available are those on guard."

"You understand the taboo nature of anyone taking congress with an Emberborn, right?"

"On this ship, taboo simply means it's not to be done in public. Your privacy is assured by us."

He paused, contemplating the idea as though it never occurred to him to consider it. While he did, Ving showed him a seat and brought him some wine. Emma walked past, wearing all black lace underwear visible under a pure white lace overbust corset with a skirt. Her hair bound behind her head to let her ears be completely visible. She leant over the bar and spoke softly to Easy to get a drink. Easy handed her a glass and she walked back towards the client, who took the drink as Emma sat in his lap.

"She looks... a bit young." He grumbled to Ving.

"Older than I am, actually. The little elf has quite the petite frame."

"Really? She... I see the ears but never thought... are there anymore... normal women?"

"Of course. Some are off the ship, but there is myself and Mari, who should be finishing up with her client soon. But don't feel compelled to choose too quickly. Enjoy yourself and relax. There is plenty of time to choose how you will enjoy your time here."

He nodded, taking a sip of wine as he saw Emma stand up and pull her client behind her, leading him down the hall. Getting the client in the work room, she closed the door and gave a devilish smile to her client.

****

"I'm going to enjoy this," Emma spoke softly, leaning against the door as she moved the lock to click in place.

Her client towered over her as she began to unfasten his trousers. Her breath shuddered in anticipation of what was to come as she held his already erect manhood in her hands. Needing to only bend slightly, she took it into her mouth as he stripped the rest of his clothing off. Emma stared into his eyes as she sucked slowly back and forth, moaning softly as he put his hand on her head to force himself deeper. She was thankful that he wasn't too big, as she didn't have near the practice as the other women did with controlling her gag reflex. Pulling him out, she licked along the shaft and played her tongue on its head. Pushing him onto the bed, Emma reached behind her to yank on the knot holding the corset and skirt on, and slowly as the bindings gave way, they fell to reveal her supple body barely covered by the black lace gripping her hips and breasts. 

Emma turned around and bent over to pick up her clothing, making a show of her firm bum in the air. He reached out to touch it as she slowly stood back up to hang her clothing on the wall. She desperately wanted him inside her now, but knew not to rush the whole experience. Emma climbed onto the bed on the lap of her client, straddling his legs. His hard cock resting against the lace covering the very place where they both wanted it inside. Emma held him in her hands as she pushed her chest forwards. Grabbing her gently by the breasts, he worked his hands under the bra and pulled it up enough to expose them. Then suddenly he grunted and Emma was shocked to see him already reaching his climax. She slid off his lap and returned her mouth to him and swallow what she could. He cursed under his breath as she ran her tongue all over his body to clean him up.

Now, the whole point of seeing clients was to get them off and get paid for it. Yet it would do more harm than good to let them leave humiliated so quickly. Not sure how Liddy would react, Emma did what she thought was best. Running her hands over his softening member, Emma let a little of her energy flow into him. Not the most overt display of magical prowess, but it was a little something to manipulate bodily functions. Slowly he got harder and harder in her mouth, much to his surprise. Emma took off her panties before crawling back onto his lap, and slowly pushed him inside her, letting out gasps at each inch that filled her.

"A woman loves it when a man can endure past his own pleasure. I had no idea I was so lucky."

He stammered a few non-words out before grabbing a hold of Emma again and kissing her deeply, feeling her breasts on his chest. Lifting her tiny frame up and down to assist as she worked her hips against him. Emma had enjoyed being with the woman in the engine room and the touch Liddy offered, but feeling a man deep inside her thrilled her the most. Yet unlike all the other times when she had spread her legs to simply have something to eat or have a place to sleep. She was doing it now because it pleased her. A man was inside her because she wanted him there and he had paid for the privilege. They rolled over on the bed, and Emma felt what seemed like a giant of a man ramming down on her. She couldn't help but let out small screams every time as the penetration proceeded with wondrous force. Her arms wrapped around her client's while he held himself up. She pushed on them to get herself closer to his thrusts as each one worked her body further up the bed.

Again he grunted to signal his climax, but Emma wasn't finished with him yet. Feeling him getting soft inside her, she repeated her touch and felt it swelling once again. He dragged her to the edge of the bed where she was on all fours, ready to accept him inside her. There was no disappointment when he pushed inside her. He grabbed a hold of her arms and pulled them back to lift her up so she was only kneeling on the edge of the bed. Her breasts bounced during the repeated assault on her body, but was unable to touch them herself. Desperate to tease her breasts but unable as her arms were being used to make each thrust harder, Emma screamed in frustration and felt her body spasm as she achieved her own climax. The rock-hard cock inside her kept thrusting, making it last longer than she was used to. Finally, he grunted again, and Emma let him relax. They collapsed horizontally on the bed and slowly Emma felt him shrink inside her.

****

Ving watched Mari showing her next client the way to the work room. She certainly couldn't be mistaken for someone too young, although she really didn't know how old Emma was. Some clients waited patiently while others regained their strength before heading home. A casual social gathering atmosphere filled the lounge as if the ship were any other kind of club. It certainly didn't bother any of the other men sitting around her that she was on a man's lap with him inside her. If anything, they liked to watch her move her hips or simply stare at her breasts even though they were mostly covered. Ving had ditched her pants in favour of one of Hannah's skirts to make it easier to switch between sex and walking. 

A woman walked through the door, looking a bit lost, and blushing the moment she realised what Ving was engaged in. She looked as if she was about to just turn and leave.

"Welcome. Don't be shy. Please have a drink and I will be with you in a moment."

"A moment, eh?" The client inside her remarked in a smug tone.
