 Hannah stood behind Easy, pressing her breasts into her back. Her arms reached between her wings to hold Easy by the wrists, making sure they didn't move from where she wanted them. Leaning in close to whisper in her ear.

"Steady girl. This takes practice and I intend for you to get it the way it's meant to be done."

"Yes, Hannah," Easy replied in her own whisper.

Keeping one hand on Easy's wrists, Hannah moved her other to the waist and applied gentle but firm pressure to make sure the hips were where they were supposed to be as well. A quiet whisper told Easy she was ready. A loud bang sounded on deck and the target at the bow of the ship suddenly had a small hole in it. Not the most accurate pistol shot in the world but it was a sight better than the first one she had taken. Hannah stepped away, allowing Easy to fire again without assistance. Still hitting the target but avoiding the circle painted on its centre. Six shots in her revolver fired. Only one grazed the edge of the rather large. red circle painted in the middle of the target board. 

"That's better than the last six," Easy smiled.

"At least you only hit the deck once. We still have that gunk we used to patch holes in the wood, so if Liddy hadn't watched you put a hole in her boat, she might not have noticed," Mari informed as she sat on the bench with Liddy, who gave her an amused look.

Nearby, Emma took aim under the instruction of Inky, who kept her steady, much like Hannah had done for Easy. Unfortunately for her, though, each shot was thrown off by her flinching at the anticipation of the shot. Yet she refused to let it scare her away from continuing with the training. 

Mari leant over to Liddy. "So how did the girls in the engine room fair? They locked themselves in, right? They know we have protection now?"

"They seem okay. Or rather any issues they have are from before taking this job. Their door was already locked. They appreciate the fact that their protection is female, but honestly, they don't seem interested in socialising."

"The ship is filling up quickly. They won't be able to evade us for long. Plus, Inky there was talking to Hannah about needing to be able to recognise who was supposed to be on the ship."

"Yes, she said as much to me. Everyone should. Now that we are in the air, maybe they will feel safe enough to come out and say hello."

Standing up, Liddy winced as a stray shot from Emma sent bits of wood puffing up from where her bullet hit the deck. A mildly disapproving glance at Inky got a curt nod of understanding. Leaving her to it, Liddy went downstairs and knocked on the door to the engine room.

"Ladies. I know you value your privacy, but it would be best if the crew could meet you at least once."

"Understood, Captain. Things in here need tending too at the moment, but we shall make introductions soon."

"Of course. At your leisure." 

Liddy knew when she hired them that they needed a gentle touch. It's not hard to imagine the hardships women face in professions that involve extended durations isolated with men. 

Inside the engine room, Aleera and her apprentice Marnika let out a sigh of relief. The captain had every right to simply barge in, but refrained from doing so. The awkwardness of the captain seeing her engineer on her knees, sucking the cock attached to her female apprentice would be extreme. Letting it slide back in her mouth, Aleera gripped the rest of the shaft to gently massage it. Erect once again, she stood and straddled Marnika, who guided it inside her. Their breasts crushed against each other as Aleera worked her hips to feel the flesh of her lover sliding in and out of her. They kissed, letting their tongues play together. 

Aleera tried not to think of all the men who had taken their liberties with her simply because she was the only woman on their ship. Never saying no of course, since that would have led to them forcing the issue. Finding a ship exclusively hiring women was a mercy long overdue. Meeting Marnika had been happenstance. She had been looking for work when Aleera finally was able to walk away from her last job. New and nervous she asked for an apprenticeship. She explained to her that any ship she was likely to work on would expect things from her. Marnika got quiet and quietly explained she couldn't do those things. She didn't have the parts. That she badly wanted to be with someone but was instantly rejected when she explained things to them. Aleera simply stated that she never wanted to be with a man again, and a woman with a penis was exactly right for her.

Now she felt it inside her, like she did every day since they had met. Marnika leant her backwards and slowly licked each of her nipples, gripping them tightly to keep her from falling off her lap. Aleera stroked the soft black hair of her lover as much to show affection as it was to keep herself stable. Suddenly picked up, she was quickly set down in the hammock they slept in. Marnika held her legs wide and thrust into her with more force than she could muster being on the bottom. Seeing Aleera's breasts bounce each time she penetrated her. 

As she did so, she thought about how lucky she was to have found someone who wanted what she could offer. Her dark skin had caused about as much misery in her life as the parts she was born with. Yet here she was with a pale skinned woman, who was as delighted as she was to watch her dark black flesh pushing inside those soft pink lips. The sight of herself disappearing inside the white woman over and over soon brought her to her fifth climax of the day. Aleera leant in for a deep kiss, always wanting her mouth on her lover while seed flowed inside her. Finished, they parted lips and caught their breath. 

"So are you ready to meet the crew?" Marnika asked.

"Yes. It's about time, and we can't hide here forever."

"Are you not afraid of them?"

"I was, mostly at what could happen. But the captain has kept her word on only hiring women."

"What about me?"

"As far as anyone else is concerned you are a woman. They won't know any different unless you have sex with them."

"I wouldn't do that. We are together."

"I know. But you know what they do? They are harlots. Sex is something casual for fun or paid work. They might try to seduce you. They sure don't shy away from fucking each other about as often as we do."

"Yes, but my skin. And the rest of me."

"They don't strike me as the judgemental types. Plus your biggest problems are the things that turn me on the most," Aleera said, getting back on her knees to clean off her lover with her mouth.

"I know. Maybe we base too much of our relationship on sex. Is there anything else between us?"

Aleera was about to stop and respond when her mouth started to fill up with an erection. Working harder at it soon had it back to fullness. She turned around and got on all fours, putting her bum in the air. Marnika smiled and slid back inside her.

"I wouldn't be jealous if you took some of them as lovers. More people to show you how amazing you are and not that something is supposedly wrong with you. They have Emberborn on board without collars, so I know they enjoy the uniqueness of some people."

Marnika grabbed Aleera by the dirty blond locks of hair and yanked them tightly while thrusting inside her. Knowing how much it hurt Allera's breasts to dangle below her and bounce, she eased up so that the impressive tits didn't move as much. Her own were half the size, but still full enough. She let go of her hair and held her by the hips to help them slam against her. Unable to hold off any longer, she burst with another load inside Aleera, leaning forward to lay her belly and breasts on her lover's back and reach under to grab her breasts. 

"Maybe I will. They might enjoy the feeling of a cock inside them without the men they are normally attached to, as much as you do."

"Either way, we should get dressed and present ourselves."

"One more round. I may have one man part, but it doesn't mean I can't still keep cumming like a woman."

"Oh I know it, you just keep going. Put me on my back. I want to look you in your eyes when you mount me."

Rolling her over, Marnika slid her cock over the massive white breasts, covering them in their shared fluids until she was hard enough to press the tits together and fuck them like her pussy. The shaft was hefty enough that Aleera was able to lick the head each time it thrust up between them. Meeting the crew would have to wait until a bit later.

****

Back on deck, Liddy was greeted to the loud blast of a rifle being fired and the almost insane giggle coming from Easy as she held it. Inky was talking with Emma to the side, going over her reaction to the pistol. With a few hand gestures, Liddy directed everyone into the lounge. Seated or standing, everyone listened.

"Alright," Liddy started. "I have eight bedrooms below decks and more women on this ship than I ever thought I'd have. Some of you are going to need to consider doubling up and some of you are going to be told to double up."

"My girls have lived in barracks half the size of those rooms, so I can squeeze us all into them as tightly as we need," Inky replied.

"Thank you. Anyone want to decide roommates for me?"

"In a shocking revelation, Easy loves my tits and wants to use them as pillows. She bunks with me all the time already."

"Thanks, Mari, I assumed that would be the case. Hannah?"

"I can claim Ving."

"I'd like that."

"Very well. Emma, I want you to keep a room to yourself. Everyone here knows you need your own space. That's three rooms. Inky, I can hazard a guess that you would be better off in your own room?"

"I'd appreciate that. I can cram four in one room and three in the other."

"Good. That leaves two empty rooms that I can fill next time Hannah or Mari goes off the ship."

"I've hit my quota already. Mari, you are so very far behind."

"Oh please, Liddy. Don't fire me. I promise I can still bring unexpectedly large numbers of sexy women back. Just give me a chance!"

Liddy winced, pinching the bridge of her nose as she smiled at Mari being ridiculous. "I've seen actual magic spells being cast that were less impressive than you two and your powers of finding sexy women. Now, the next item is security. Inky, do any of your girls actually want to see clients or no?"

"None of them are strictly against the idea, but probably a bit more picky about it than you would like."

"Seriously? All of you are willing to spread your legs for money? Getting on your knees? Nobody has a problem with this aside from what I assume is your preference for clients you find attractive?"

"Well..." Foxy spoke up "I really want to have sex with other Emberborn, but none of them can really afford to be clients. Are we allowed to just go out on our own?"

"What you do during downtime off the ship is your call. Since you aren't hired as a harlot, I lose nothing, and who's gonna stop a soldier from having a fun time. I'm guessing you never got laid because you didn't want word of what you are getting back to anyone else in the military."

"That, and going out in a gas mask tends to cause as much of an issue as being a fox, so life has been rather limiting for me."

"Well, you are free to go out anywhere, in whatever manner you wish. Same for the rest of you. Just be smart and safe. If any of you are lacking emberstones to keep yourself clean and 'not pregnant', I will gladly buy them for you. Those of you who might be interested in seeing clients, we need to work out a system to have you appear different from those on duty as guards versus those looking for clients."

"New and sexy uniforms would be a good idea," Emma chipped in. "Make them all sexy, but just make a rule that anyone holding a rifle is off the menu, while anyone else is fair game. If your ship has a symbol, I can sew it into the uniforms."

"Thank you for volunteering. You get to be in charge. Sexy but functional. I've asked our girls in the engine room to make an appearance so you can all meet them, once they finish whatever it is they are doing."

"Fucking," Foxy blurted out, before suddenly realising she probably shouldn't have said anything.

"Sooo... those ears. Good at listening in on things?" Hannah asked with a smile.

"Wow... yeah. Sorry, I didn't mean to... I'm just used to being totally open when I'm not in my mask."

"On my ship, we just assume people are fucking when they are alone together. It saves time."

"So, when you were in Emma's room 'comforting' her..." Mari suggested, earning a beet red blush from Emma.

"Yes, Mari. I was taking sexual advantage of the poor terrified girl who isn't interested in women and trusts me to keep her safe because I'm just too horny to help myself."

"Called it! So Foxy, what are they doing now?"

"I'm not sure I should say. They seem to value their privacy."

"Mari. Pressure her for secrets when your boss isn't standing before you telling you to never pressure her for secrets."

"Bah! Then I will never know if one has a cock to titty fuck me with."

Foxy sharply gasped. Not only because Mari was right, but the fact that both of the girls from the engine room walked in at that exact moment. The awkward silence hung in the air.

"That would be me." Marnika raised her hand as she stated it flatly, adding a good two minutes to the awkward silence.

"I've got some moans of pleasure down in my room. I really think you should listen to them." Mari explained as if trying to share her taste in music.

"Mari!" Liddy exclaimed.

"Sorry, fine. We can do it here for everyone to watch," Mari joked.

Marnika didn't get it, and had her pants unfastened before Liddy could scold Mari again. She pulled out her thick black cock for everyone to see. Aleera was stunned along with everyone else, except Mari, who slid off her chair and crawled over to take the long shaft in her mouth. 

Liddy was too surprised to reprimand her, and more than a little turned on that she just stood and watched like everyone else. 

Well, not everyone, since Ving was being roughly pushed to the floor by Hannah, who wanted her face between her legs. 

Mari struggled to get it down her throat, but kept pressing hard after every break to breath and soon fit every inch of it.

More than a few of the watching women soon found their hands down their pants, enjoying the show. Liddy sat down, trying to keep looking professional, but sat with her legs wide open. It wasn't until she felt hands on her that she looked away from Mari to see one of the uniformed girls bum and boots sticking out from under her dress. One of them had crawled up under her dress to please her, and Liddy had no idea who it was. Only that it was neither Inky or Foxy. She rested a hand on the head between her legs as it slowly explored her with her tongue. Liddy was thankful that her panties could be easily pushed out of the way, and widened her legs to rest on the armrests of the chair. 

Mari pulled off her top to let the saliva-slick black cock glide between her breasts as she pressed them together. Inky muttered 'fuck it' to herself and picked up Easy to bend her over the couch. They met eyes briefly, so Inky was sure Easy wanted it, and as soon as Inky had consent, she stripped Easy's bum bare and shuddered at the sweet taste of the young fairy. She slid two fingers inside and licked up the juices as they started to flow. 

Easy beckoned Foxy over, who very nervously moved in front of Easy, only to find herself quickly losing her trousers. Revealing the soft short white fur all around her inviting wetness. Foxy squealed as Easy grabbed her by her ass and pulled her close enough to slide her long tongue deep inside. She quickly stripped off the rest of her uniform to reveal her fur-covered breasts. Mostly covered in bright orange fur that darkened to deep red in some places, it contrasted greatly with the white fur that covered her breasts and pussy. Feeling Easy explore inside her as she teased her own breasts, Foxy moaned more loudly than at any other time one of the women in her squad had done the same. 

Inky watched the fur covered woman she had been craving for years, wishing she hadn't been her superior. So much time spent pleasing herself, imagining herself being involved in her frequent trysts with the other girls. Yet unable to sacrifice her professionalism by acting on it. It was easier now to resist, with her mouth on a woman and Hannah across the room, more than willing, anytime she wanted. Inky thought perhaps she would be able to have the green-haired woman currently between her friend's legs.

Emma watched in stunned silence as what she expected to be a casual meeting turned into an unbelievable display of sexual exhibition. Others not participating were stunned as well, but let themselves slip into the mood quite as fast. Emma watched Liddy roll her head back while gripping the one between her legs through her dress. Mari pulled the dark skinned woman to the floor on top of her, and Emma watched the dark shaft sliding inside Mari, between her legs. 

Easy pleasing the fox girl, while being pleased by the woman in charge of security. Nearby Hannah kept Ving busy, yanking on her hair to please the exact spot she wanted it. She couldn't help that the beautiful women before her didn't arouse her like a man would. Emma yearned for men, but the closest option to that was currently deep inside Mari. She closed her eyes and imagined it. Having a large strong man lifting her up and setting her down on him slowly as he pushed his cock inside her. Her body straining against the pressure of trying to accommodate such a massive organ inside it. Emma slid two fingers inside herself, knowing they were a poor substitute for the real thing, but did her best to imagine a man having his way with her tiny body.

Hannah smiled as she caught sight of Liddy staring at Emma as she pleased herself. The little elf pulling her breasts free of her clothing. So much smaller than most of the women on board, but so very ample on her tiny frame. Hannah could see Inky pulling her pants down with one hand to please herself while gorging herself on Easy. She lifted Ving's face up to look at her before kissing her roughly. Shoving her away, she nodded towards her old friend and Ving promptly scurried over to continue her work on Inky. Surprised but pleased, Inky spared a smile for her friend before returning to Easy with Ving between her legs. 

Hannah got up and rolled Marnika onto her back and whispered to Mari about sitting on her face. That left the magnificent cock in the air being stroked by its owner, but while Hannah wanted it for herself, she had a better idea. Walking back to Emma, she put her hands over her eyes to keep them closed then led her off the chair and over to the body part she craved. Hannah guided Emma over and slowly let her down on it. Bracing her hands on Mari, Emma felt it pushing inside her but found it a difficult fit. She knew whose it was, but kept imagining it belonging to someone else. Hannah left her there and walked over to Liddy, yanking her out of her seat and set her down behind Emma. Liddy wrapped her arms around the elf and cupped her breasts into her hands. While she helped Emma slowly accept more and more inside her, Hannah took the seat Liddy vacated and watched the show as the woman she hadn't really met got to work on her.

Aleera watched as her lover's flesh became the focus of so many others' pleasure. A petty jealousy formed, and she resented how easy it was for Marnika to suddenly find others willing to please her. Not to be outdone, she straddled the redhead sitting in the chair and bared her breasts for her. The rough grip was not what she expected as Hannah put her mouth to them. Aleera winced as her breasts and nipples were bitten and yanked. Yet, as it progressed, she felt warmness between her legs that her hand was dealing with before she noticed. She forgot all about her lover as another soldier moved beside her, standing beside the chair, and bared her breasts to her. With one free hand, she slid it down the trousers of the woman beside her, twisting enough so Hannah could continue with her breasts but also face the other woman, and gratefully felt the soldier pressing her breasts into her face. Nothing else mattered. She was getting what she wanted. 
