 Easy gripped the headboard tightly as she was pushed against it with each thrust against her hips. Mari had been right when she said her second time would be easier, and the man inside her proved that. Sliding out and ramming back in, holding Easy by her hips, in rapid succession. Her wings fluttered as she moaned in pleasure with a wide smile on her face that the client couldn't see. Smiling because her body was feeling so good at what she had longed to experience was only the part of it. Frequently she would notice her collar was gone and it would always make her smile. She would think of Mari and Hannah and Liddy and even Ving and smile even more.

Easy was pulled away and put on her back as she was straddled by the client. He sat on her chest, and she pressed her breasts together for him to slide between. Although nowhere near as ample as Mari, she could still make it work well enough. Easy stared at each thrust, watching his cock appear and disappear between her cleavage, wondering what thrust would bring him to his full. Mari had given her a heads up on being tit-fucked and how to do it. Easy teased her nipples as she kept the pressure on her breasts and looked up at her client with a smile. Hannah had told her to love the client, to forget everything else and feel real passion for them. So Easy smiled at him as though he was the whole reason she had to smile. The moment she bared her teeth in a lovely grin of pleasure and love, he grunted, spraying her lovely smile with his fluid in an almost endless tide. Easy had to close her left eye as she felt it landing all over her face, dripping down her cheek and ending with the last few drops on her throat and breasts.

Easy felt odd that such a humiliating act would be so pleasurable to her, but her sudden twitch and spasm triggered by a minor climax of her own derailed her thoughts. Gasping for air after her orgasm and her client getting off her chest, she laid on the bed as her client left. Her hand reached between the mattress and headboard to pull out a towel that Ving had suggested they keep there. Wiping off her face what she hadn't been able to swallow, Easy sat up and put her clothing back on. Liddy was walking down the hall after seeing the client off the ship when Easy came out. 

"Enjoy yourself?" Liddy asked with a smile.

Easy still with a grin on her face smiled even wider. "Yes, a lot of messy fun. Thank you so much for letting me do this."

"Well, you are most welcome. Now if you don't mind fetching Mari, I need her upstairs. I think she is still snoozing in her room. I don't have another one for you, so take some time to relax."

"Sure thing!" Easy fluttered her wings turning around to go get Mari.

Slipping quietly down the stairs and down the hall to find Mari naked in her bed asleep with one leg hanging off the edge. Exposed, her soft flesh soon found a finger belonging to Easy sliding inside ever so gently. Mari reacted with a soft moan as Easy licked her nipple without waking her up. Then with her free hand, Easy flicked the hard nipple with the metal ring and Mari yelped awake to the sight of Easy giggling while still working a finger inside.

"So you are the reason that dream took a very odd turn." Mari deduced laying back down to enjoy the exploration Easy was conducting with a second finger now.

"Yes, but now you must get dressed and go impress a client for Liddy. She's looking for you." Easy explained pulling out and walking over to the dresser to find something for Mari to wear.

"Damn it, Easy, you somehow mastered the art of teasing," Mari grumbled with a smile as she arose to grab Easy from behind.

Feeling her breasts grabbed roughly and Mari's pressing into her wings, Easy passed a bra back to her. "I've been teasing all my life. Touching just makes it more fun. Now hop to it."

Easy watched Mari dress. The beautiful canvas of her skin covered in ink made her a piece of sexual art. Slowly she covered up first in the black satin bra with matching panties, then fishnet stockings and shirt, if you can call it that. A black leather skirt was almost the end, but then Easy saw the familiar black leather that had been her collar and leash. Mari had fixed it and put it on her own neck and coiled the leash around as well.

"I want a piece of you with me when I'm getting filled."

Easy wasn't sure what to say as Mari left. She was stunned that Mari would wear her collar. Eventually, she realised that to Mari, it was something that had hurt Easy in the past and she was going to change that. Mari wanted to show Easy that the collar wasn't a symbol of her slavery but a symbol of their friendship. By cutting it off her and using it as an accessory for sex, Mari wanted to destroy the hold it had for Easy. Again Easy smiled. She laid down on the bed still warm from Mari with her chest against the mattress, letting her wings flutter. She didn't mind sharing a room with Mari until she could get her own bed. Easy slid a hand under her and put the two fingers that had been in Mari inside herself. She moaned as she thought off Mari wearing her collar as she took a man inside her.

Hannah nodded at Mari as she left her room and grinned at her outfit. Keeping an eye on the dock workers shifting materials into the cargo bay, Hannah had to make sure they did so quietly enough not to disturb clients. While she and Liddy had been in bed with a client in her room, they had been making a lot of noise. Given that it was on the opposite side of the ship, it demanded some supervision. Wearing the most conservative outfit she could, a thick blouse and leather pants she took from Ving, she was still distracting the workers. They always stared at her tits or ass despite not having any skin on display. One had even grabbed her left breast and asked how much he owed her. His laugh had only just started when Hannah had countered his grab and broke his wrist as she yanked him to the floor next to her. Hannah stood next to him and told his friends to drag their friend away or else the price to be in her presence would be more expensive than they could afford. While still staring at her, they stopped complaining when she told them to be quieter and more careful. She sighed. The client hadn't minded the noise thankfully, but Liddy was to put out to give her focus with her tongue. Liddy had been rammed from behind by the client as her face was planted between Hannah's legs. When the client had left, Hannah told Liddy she would take care of things and let her keep working with the clients. 

Upstairs, Liddy was sitting with a uniformed officer as Mari walked in, stunning them with her outfit. Liddy recovered first to introduce them.

"This here is Mari. Mari, this is Sgt. Lorn from the city guard. This fine officer has been sent to bring you in for some 'questioning' by the captain of the guard," Liddy explained to Mari, who took the hint.

Mari extended her arms forward with her wrists together. "I'm ready when you are."

The sergeant gave a quick nod to Liddy in approval and escorted Mari off the ship. Liddy wanted to go check on the workers, but Hannah had succeeded in keeping them quiet, and she didn't want to undermine her trust in Hannah by micromanaging her. The noise she did hear was a loud moan and scream that made Liddy shake her head at how insatiable Easy was turning out to be. She was going to need to invest in some sort of sound proofing for the walls. Enough money had been made to pay for getting the work rooms fixed up and Liddy was working on the designs for the mirror array she wanted to install to observe what happened in them. Despite what Hannah and Mari had suggested, Liddy didn't want to do 'themed' rooms for now. They would all be the same, more or less, until she had money to spend on it. For now, everything went towards making everything look presentable. New panels for various walls, paintings and flowers, carpet and flooring. Soon she hoped to be able to stain the hull and make it look brand new. Sinks for washing the sheets were what Hannah was supervising the delivery of at the moment. New ones that apparently did the washing for you.

Ving entered the lounge from the docking ramp. "Well that was fun," she stated, sitting down in a chair.

"Things go well with the client?" Liddy asked her most reluctant worker.

"Clients, plural. Who knew one man getting married made him and his friends so damn horny. Eight men. Fun sure, but it just kept going." Ving sighed as she stood back up to fetch herself a drink.

"Well, that happens. At least you got paid for it. Last marriage I celebrated lasted a whole weekend with those men, and I wasn't paid. Also, there were twelve of them. All I got out of it was a pretty dress to wear to the ceremony."

"So what you are saying is that no matter what I have to complain about, I won't ever have it as bad as you did?" Ving asked, sitting back down and taking a sip.

"More or less. Seeing clients is your choice. Not a good choice but the best available. Now, I appreciate you not saying anything in front of the other girls, but you might get along with everyone better if you adopted a different attitude. You aren't a racer anymore, you are a harlot, but it doesn't mean you can't have that hotshot flare you did when you raced."

"I... haven't thought about it that way," Ving admitted. "Keep my celebrity status but for my skills in bed," she spoke aloud to herself. "Alright, I can do that. Doesn't matter what track I fly, I fly it as best as I can, with style. Only instead of flying tracks, I'm fucking clients."

"Glad you are coming around."

"Today was still as mediocre as flying a qualifying heat," Ving smirked.

Hannah walked up the stairs and into the lounge stripping off her shirt that had a few drops of blood on it.

"You would think that a broken nose was a strong enough message to not take liberties with a woman, but no." Hannah held up her shirt to examine the blood and sweaty palm print where her breast was. "Then I had to go ahead and break another man's wrist and give him a hoof to the balls." Hannah set down the top and put her hands on her lower back to stretch out, pushing her chest forward.

Ving watched her bra strain to contain her breasts and felt more turned on than she had been with the men who had been keeping her busy for the last while. Ving watched her slowly tussle her red hair that had been done up and now left to fall on her shoulders. Almost long enough to cover her breasts but not quite. Ving didn't realise but Hannah saw that the pilot had moved her hands down between her legs. Hannah watched Ving pressing between her legs where there had been eight men taking turns just a short while ago. 

Liddy cocked a wry smile glancing at Ving. She couldn't blame Ving for getting wet at a moments notice, looking at Hannah who now was teasing Ving more by relieving herself of her pants. Her own panties were slowly getting wet watching both women. Then suddenly she snapped her fingers to get the girls attention.

A man knocked at the door and Liddy quickly went to let him in while Ving sat properly instead of with her legs spread. Hannah hid her dirty top and simply lounged on a couch perfectly comfortable in her bra and panties. The new client walked in and spoke in hushed tones with Liddy. Not quite embarrassed, but he seemed to really want to get past payment and pretend that it was his looks that were getting him laid. Liddy took his money and he wasted no time mounting Hannah on the couch.

Ving watched as he grabbed her by the breasts, sliding his hands under the bra, and pushing his fingers deep into her flesh as he gripped tightly. Hannah pulled her bra up to reveal them and soon had his teeth biting into her almost gently, but not quite. Awkwardly, Hannah stripped the man on top of her as best as she could but he was too focused on her to make it easy. As she finally grabbed a hold of him and felt him already hard, Hannah was about to guide it inside her when he pulled her onto the floor. Hannah was kneeling before him and got the hint to open wide as he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her down roughly. Most women can't take a man deep at all let alone so suddenly, but most men have no idea. Hannah was a pro at it, so he would still remain ignorant. The angle wasn't the best, but he seemed to enjoy it well enough for the short while it lasted. Pulled up and spun around, Hannah sat on his lap with her legs together, making the penetration inside her as tight as possible for him. Her panties down around her ankles, she kicked them off while looking at Ving. 

Ving mimicked the grip on Hannah's hair by yanking her own green locks while her other hand held onto her hip in the same way as the client held onto Hannah. As she bounced with each penetration, Hannah watched Ving staring at her breasts as they bounced with her. He grabbed Hannah by the thighs and she spread her legs wide and open, affording Ving a perfect view of his flesh disappearing inside Hannah. Repositioning herself with her feet on the couch, Hannah was able to put more of her own weight into the bouncing so the client could feel himself deeper inside her. That wasn't enough, as he grabbed Hannah roughly by the breasts to lift her with them before pulling her back down faster. Adapting to his rhythm so the abuse on her breasts was lessened, Hannah gasped at each painful penetration inside her. Gasping with her and abusing her own breasts, now open for all to see, Ving was bucking her hips against nothing while watching Hannah. 

Liddy was counting the money and sorting out the bills, amused at Ving who seemed to have been totally unaware at her preference for women.

Keeping himself inside Hannah, the client flipped her face down on the couch with both of them having one leg on the floor, he held her by the hips and began to buck against her. Hannah timed her own movements to make each impact stronger. Reaching down to grab her by the hair again, he forced Hannah to hold her head as far back as she could. While she did so, she was looking at Ving who was madly trying to pull off her belt and undo her pants. Before she could, a deep rumble of a growl and grunt told everyone Hannah was taking his seed inside her. His thrusting slowed down and he let go of her hair. Hannah rubbed her belly, looking at Ving, to hint at what she felt being pumped into her. 

Ving shuddered quietly before Liddy came over and helped her do her top back up. They both looked proper and pretty when he finally looked around and slowly pulled himself from Hannah. The soft slurp from their flesh parting made Ving gasp quietly. They watched the man redress and give a polite nod before walking off. Never having bothered to talk with the woman he had just paid for.

Hannah remained resting on the couch with her bum in the air.

"Oh, go ahead, Ving." Hannah sighed.

She had planned to say more, but Ving was on her knees behind her with her tongue hard at work. Hannah moaned, feeling Ving clean her out and very slowly lifted her one leg over Ving's head so that she could lay on her back and watch as the mess of green hair between her legs move. When Hannah was sure Ving was as done as she could be, Hannah grabbed her by the hair and pulled her up for a kiss. Hannah tasted herself and the client on Ving's lips and quickly moved to unbutton her blouse. Ving squealed as she felt her breasts pushing against Hannah's. Enjoying the kiss a little longer, Hannah ended it by pushing Ving to the floor.

"Well, that was fun. We should do it again sometime," Hannah teased, before grabbing her clothing and heading downstairs.

Ving was shocked to again be denied by Hannah. She felt a few tears drop onto her breasts before she realised she was crying. Taking the stairs down after Hannah, she burst into her own room and collapsed on the bed. She lay looking up at the roof before putting her arm over her face to cover her eyes. Suddenly her pants were gone. Ving was startled as she looked to see Hannah naked in her doorway holding her pants.

"I think the time has come," Hannah said with a smile.

Ving was puzzled how Hannah had gotten her pants off so quickly, but decided she didn't care the moment her legs were forced apart to allow Hannah access. She couldn't hold back at all as the very first touch made her scream and flex. Ving could hear Hannah giggle as she kept at it. Not wasting a drop, Hannah kept Ving going for almost a full minute before finally letting her relax and breathe, but only for as long as it took Hannah to get a kiss. Hannah rested her body on Ving as their kiss closed their lips. Ving felt the beautiful tongue that had been inside her play with her own as she tasted herself on it. Again their breasts were touching, and with one hand deep in Hannah's hair holding her head to hers, the other filled the void between the legs of the woman on top of her. Soon, Ving felt Hannah sliding her own fingers inside her. 

"I think I figured it out," Hannah interrupted her kiss to say.

"What?" Ving gasped, feeling Hannah wriggle three fingers inside her.

"Why you see being with men as work and fall to pieces every time we touch. You prefer women."

"That doesn't make sense. You are just that good at it. Doesn't mean anything."

"Well, true, I am that good. But I wasn't touching you while I was with my client just now. I just held my ass in the air when you were desperately cleaning me out."

"But I like men. That's what's normal and I enjoy it."

"Oh, Ving, normal is just the statistical average. Not a rule-book you need to follow. And enjoying both is perfectly acceptable. I do, but as much as I love this..." Hannah paused to grind her hips against Ving's fingers as she put a fourth inside her. "I prefer men a bit more. So you can enjoy men, but prefer women."

"We don't get any female clients."

"Not yet, but I doubt Liddy missed how you react to a female touch, so if we get any, they will be sent to you first. Besides, it's not like this ship is some kind of convent. Between ports we get bored. Hell, I just got fucked and filled and I'm still horny enough to want this. So you won't go lacking."

"I suppose. I've shared men with women before, but they felt like competition and didn't want me. I've never been with one like this. I didn't think it made any sense. That it just felt different like any taboo that we are told is wrong. I did all sorts of things to see if it made me feel like this. I took every Emberborn slave I could sneak some time with, but they were all men. I admit a thrill of being with a man who mounted me like an animal and it felt amazing getting pumped full of..." Ving gagged as Hannah finally fit her whole fist inside her.

"I can understand that. But it just doesn't compare to this does it?" Hannah asked, nibbling on Ving's breasts as she slowly worked her fist inside her after pulling out.

"No," Ving squeaked as Hannah yanked her fist out again for another thrust.

They didn't talk much more as Ving was too lost in the sensation, and Hannah put her mouth to better use. 

Unfortunately, things would soon get interrupted by some new clients who kept them busy while Mari was being locked in a cell. 

****

In the cell, catching Mari by surprise, was another woman. Sitting on the bed, she was an exceptionally petite girl but with a bust that left no doubt of her womanhood. She looked up at Mari, surprised and intimidated. Blushing, she looked back down at her feet. Wearing a plain brown skirt with a simple white blouse, the brown-haired woman failed utterly at avoiding the adorably-sexy look. The brown braids coiled around her head, covering her ears and running down her back.

"So." Mari started. "What are you in for?"

"I..." She paused embarrassed. "I got arrested for prostitution." 

Mari stared for a moment to decided if she meant she had been hired like her or really was arrested. The woman seemed genuine to Mari, so she sat next to her.
