 Liddy lay exhausted on the couch after scribbling down the revised bill for the party. The other women had had the luxury of going straight to bed. It wasn't until some hours later that she was awakened by a knocking at the door. One of the soldiers answered it and came to see Liddy. She took the bill from the table before noticing Liddy was awake and paused. Liddy nodded and the soldier took the bill with her. It could have been a few moments or an hour later when that same soldier tapped her on the shoulder.

"Captain. A tailor's assistant is here. The Leftenant said she would be here to gather measurements for the uniforms."

Liddy waved her hand and nodded, closing her eyes again, hoping to get some more sleep. The soldier hadn't left -- and she could tell, so she opened her eyes again.

"What else is it?"

"The investigator has returned, looking for his suit. Also, we have prepared an early supper for everyone."

Liddy resigned herself to having to stay awake for the time being and got off the couch. One of the soldiers had retrieved the suit by the time she made it to the door, and she saw Inky admitting a young woman dressed in a simple dress and literally wearing measuring tapes.

Liddy greeted the woman. "Welcome, it will be nice for my girls to have proper uniforms. Take as much time as you need."

"Thank you, madam," the young girl replied as Inky took her below.

Liddy took the suit as it was offered by the soldier and handed it to Calhan. "Here you go. Though I am afraid I'm much too spent to take you out shopping for a new one just now."

"No worries, Captain. After what happened, I think anyone would need some time to rest."

"Agreed," Liddy turned to the soldier. "Juno is it?"

"Yes, Captain." The cute, raven haired-girl with freckles replied. 

"Go down to the dockmaster and inform him we will not be open for business today or tonight. That there is a special engagement and we will simply not be available."

She saluted smartly before darting off. Liddy caught herself watching the woman leave with a fondness for her well-toned bum. She returned her attention to Calhan.

"Now I must go. Perhaps when I am rested we can meet again."

"Very well," Calhan bowed formally. "Another time."

After he left, Liddy went down the stairs, half expecting to find the tailor's daughter being ravished by her crew, but instead found them being professionally measured. Though she did notice a few sharp smiles when hands got close to certain areas. Writing down notes the whole time, the young woman got through all the soldiers who were awake as well as Liddy herself. Afterwards, the scent of food had driven the rest from their sleep and allowed her to keep working. As most went up to eat, Juno arrived back on the ship in time for her turn. She stripped down to her unflattering panties and tank top. 

"I'm sorry if it's a strange thing to ask," the girl asked.

"I'm a soldier, sweetheart. Getting asked strange questions and told to do strange things are my stock and trade," Juno replied.

"How is it you can have sex with men?"

"Oh," Juno smiled with a bit of a blush. "I haven't yet. Well, at least not while getting paid. Or are you asking about men in general? You don't look quite so young, but I suppose if you aren't married, it isn't normal to have any experience."

"Well, I am engaged. Father found me a nice man. I like him. I even took to bed with him, but... it didn't feel like I thought it would."

"Well, the first time isn't always fun. Mine was terrible. Man didn't know what to do once he got it in me. Had to sample a few before I found one who could do me right."

"That's what I wondered. So I went to the stables with a boy I grew up with. I knew he was upset I was set to marry someone else, so I thought he would be different. Yet, he did well. I think. But it just didn't feel like anything special."

"Not like you feel when you get your hands on these?" Juno took her hands into her own and placed them on her breasts.

The young woman gasped but didn't pull away. "Is this wrong?" she asked.

"Well, what's right and wrong depends on how you feel about it. Others feel differently. Tell you what," Juno stripped off her top and underwear to reveal her naked body. "Touch me however you want. Stop when it feels wrong. Just let me know if there is something you want me to do to you."

"My name is Kit." She swallowed deeply, looking at the freckle-covered body before her.

Juno laughed quietly. "So nice to meet you. My name is Juno."

Kit reached out with one hand and touched Juno again on the breasts. Juno smiled as Kit shuddered at the feeling. Kit leant forward to kiss the nipple she was holding and began to move her tongue on it. She looked up at Juno, terrified that things would suddenly stop and be taken away from her. Juno petted Kit on her hair and smiled, gently pulling her head towards her. Moving her tongue over the freckled flesh, Kit came up to kiss Juno and feel her tongue entangling with her partner's. Until she pulled away.

"I shouldn't," Kit explained. "I mean, I want to. But this is something I won't ever be able to have. I'm grateful I know now why I feel the way I do, but I have already betrayed my betrothed once, I shouldn't do so again."

Juno understood and redressed. "I understand. Sorry life has to be this way for you, but I understand."

"Do you mind if I think of you while I'm with the man who will be my husband?"

"By all means. Whatever you need."

After finishing up her work, the tailor left without saying much more, and Juno went up to join in on the meal. Nobody seemed to notice the extra time it took for her. They were all seated in the lounge, eating and talking.

"I closed us down for the night." Liddy started. "So everyone is free to do whatever they want. Rest here, go shopping, drinking."

"Some of us haven't been laid yet," Kilty spoke up. "Just want to make sure that's okay with you."

Liddy smiled. "By all means. Just try not to bang any potential clients. Other than that, just be safe."

"We got emberstones and guns. Safety is a thing other people worry about," Juno added, before shovelling some vegetables into her mouth with some bread.

"Just don't leave until you collect your pay," Liddy reminded them. "With any luck, I will get paid for today's job and give everyone a bonus."

"What about me?" Leira asked. "I didn't do any work and I can't go out in fucking public."

"We need to make sure you can see clients properly. Not that you need to be particularly ladylike." Liddy eyed Mari, who smiled innocently. "But 'not' being too vulgar or direct is a skill you should have."

"Oh well, can we let a client on board for a practice fu... um.. session? Or whatever?"

"No, because the nobility doesn't generally like being used as instructional tools. At least, not when they are aware of it."

Inky spoke up to address the soldier who had answered the door. "What is it, Tara?"

"Ma'am, the courier has returned. Carriage with guards hauling a lockbox. Also, Lady Bell from the party is with them."

Hannah whispered into Liddy's ear, who rolled her eyes in response. Liddy got up and went to the door to greet the courier.

"Captain. All paid in full. Since banknotes were an issue with Lord Bell, my Lord instructed me to make the payment in cash."

"Most appreciated," Liddy replied, eyeing him up. "Could you wait a moment?"

"Of course," he replied, standing formally at the door as the guards went past him after leaving the lockbox in the entry way.

Liddy took the key from the courier and turned to Lady Bell. "My insubordinate tells me you will be looking for work."

"I... yes. No family money to speak of, but thankfully my father disowned me so I bear no responsibility for his new debt either. Also your subordinate..."

"Insubordinate. I didn't misspeak."

Hannah scoffed at Liddy's remark.

"Right, well she must have realised I enjoy sex enough. Given that the clients would be the class I am most familiar with, it seemed like the best option to me."

"Welcome aboard. If you have any of your things, put them in the lower decks."

"Oh, yes," she replied, and turned to the courier. "If your men don't mind." she gestured to the stack of luggage at the docks. "I took almost everything I could get my hands on."

"Of course." The courier made a few gestures to his men and the luggage.

Liddy could hear the doors below her opening and praised the wonderful initiative the soldiers took in anticipating her needs.

"The pair of you. Come with me." Liddy led Cathrine and the courier into the lounge. "I have two problems that I need you to solve. They both involve that bundle of trouble over there. Her name is Leira."

"I... am going to hate some part of this, aren't I?" Leira said, walking over and looking at the two new arrivals.

"At some point today, someone is going to buy a cast iron tub so you can sleep in a bedroom and not occupy the whole workroom by yourself. That room is going to be shared with Cathrine here, who's going to teach you to be ladylike."

"Oh shit..." Leria looked slightly worried.

"Right. Now Mr Courier."

"Philbert, Ma'am," the courier replied, feeling way out of his depth.

"You have any issues having sex with this woman? She needs to learn how to seduce the upper class without alienating them in the process, and we need a stand in."

"I... will my Lord ever..."

"You are helping us recount the payment, Phil. Long, tedious work. Nothing interesting."

"Oh, yes. That is most important work. I would be happy to help... count..." His words died as he noticed Leria's breasts starting to swell in her robe.

"Good. Any problems, Catherine?"

"Nothing that will do any good to mention," she said, thinking of how her life just got destroyed. 

"Well, don't feel like you can't share things with us. But I understand what you mean."

"Alright. Whoever wants to get off the ship, come with me for some pay. Hannah, you supervise Leira with Phil and Catherine in one of the workrooms. Everyone else, just keep doing what you want."

As Liddy turned to unlock the money, Hannah brought the new girls and Phil into the closest work room.

"Alright, Phil. You are Lord Phil now. More money than sense, and since you lack the charm to seduce women on your own, you need to pay one," Hannah instructed.

"Am I a grabby pervert or do I want her to do the work for my lazy ass?"

"Well, let's strike a balance between the two," Hannah decided. "Leira, pretend you are wearing a pretty dress and seduce him."

"Hey, moneybags. Let's fuck," Leria delivered with a smile.

"Damn it, Leira. That's not..." Hannah gave herself a soft facepalm.

"I think she did great," Lord Phil spoke up. "It worked well enough on me."

"There are other ways of saying that," Catherine explained, joining the class. "Exchange 'Hey' with 'Greetings' and 'moneybags' with his title, 'Lord Phil.'"

"Just because they are on the ship doesn't mean they will always want to fuck," Hannah added. "So you got to take some time to find out exactly what they are looking for."

"I will admit that I'd love to play with those breasts," Phil offered.

"Right. So sit on his lap and push those puppies out, but not quite in his face."

Leira sat down on the bed next to him and leant into him, with her breasts as big as she could manage.

"One leg up over his. That's it. Let him put his hands where he wants. A little foreplay makes the sex better and loosens his wallet."

Phil had one hand around her waist and the other on her thigh while he looked at the pair of breasts forcing her robe apart. Unable to resist, he leant in to lick all the way up from the flesh near the nipple to the nape of her neck. Leira breathed, in enjoying the nibble at her neck as he finished his lick.

"Good job, Phil. Most men tend to get creepy with licking, but that was rather nice." Hannah was impressed. "Now for the record, Leira, all those creepy licks you will get should get the same response. No matter how weird they get."

"So even if they are super weird and you want to slap him, you gotta pretend they turn you on?"

"Exactly. Now, this is all stuff that happens out in the lounge. So there will be other men there as well. If they see you not enjoying yourself, it will turn them off as well, so focus on your mark of course, but always be mindful that others are watching."

"So we gotta wait till we are in a room to fuck?"

"Not always. Just wait until he's ready to cough up payment, then do it how he wants. If he's okay with it in the lounge, then go for it. Just try to keep things covered and classy. Most clients will prefer a work room, but if they are all occupied, then you will need to entertain him until then."

"Like this?" Leira smiled as she reached her hand down Phil's trousers and gripped him.

"That's entirely acceptable," Phil mumbled.

Hannah laughed. "Yup. Also getting down on your knees and using your lips. But scale your actions with how close he is to paying. Don't want to get down on a man who isn't likely to pay. Also, don't need him going early."

"How do I ask for money?"

"Liddy or whoever is on the door will explain that to them as they arrive, but the short sweet method is to act like you want to do things but can't before you get the money."

"I can't wait to find out what this tastes like," Leira spoke to Phil. "Please let me find out."

"Not bad. Nothing is ever a sure thing with every man. Some might not get the message, but don't let them push you into anything. If you need to take a firm tone to explain you need something from them first, then do it, but keep it respectful and don't ever get angry with them."

"Ugh... this is all so much more complicated than I'm used to. Why can't we just skip to the part where we get alone and have some fun?"

"Perfect dialogue, Leira, but your tone is the wrong kind of whiny. You sound like a complaining child when you should be telling him that like a desperate slut."

"Oh. I really was complaining."

"I know, but men love it when you make them think it's a hardship not being with them."

"Alright, well, let's say I did it right. Got him in the room and alone. I'm taking off his trousers."

Leira got to her knees in front of him and begun to do just that after working off his shoes. Taking him in her mouth, he groaned in pleasure as she worked him all the way deep down her throat and back out, before doing it again.

"So. Do we need to help her with this part?" Catherine asked.

"No. I think she's pretty much good at this point," Hannah responded. "Just remember if he goes early or has any kind of issues, just pretend like it's normal and keep at it. Don't let him feel like a disappointment."

Leira made as close to an affirmative noise as she could with her throat otherwise occupied.

"So..." Catherine said suggestively. "I really would enjoy having sex with a woman. I hope that's okay."

"No," Hannah replied flatly. "That sort of behaviour is frowned upon on this ship."

"Oh, I see," Catherine replied disheartened, before suddenly feeling her dress lift a moment before a hand got between her legs.

She gave Hannah a friendly slap on the cheek before kissing her. They both worked to undo the other's clothing, and Phil watched in surprise as the newly naked women joined him on the bed. He watched their breasts press together and was only brought back to Leira when he felt her climbing up onto the bed to straddle his lap. She gasped sharply the moment he penetrated her, and slowly worked herself up and down as he began to assist with his hands on her ass. Leira held her breasts together with her hands so he could lick both and nibble as they moved up and down in front of him. He didn't notice her hair changing colour with her lust. 

Hannah loved the soft moans her new lover was making and the wonderful background noises the other two made. Neither she or Catherine had an easy time earlier on their womanhood, so she elected to keep things easier on both of them. Deep kisses and hands on each other's breasts. Hannah loved squeezing them tightly and playing with her nipples, admiring how close in size they were to her own. Not quite as big but more than a handful. In their manic sex of the morning, their breasts had been largely neglected by the men.

Leira pushed Phil down and leant forward so he could watch her breasts sway over him as she bounced her hips rapidly. He surprised her with mimicking the motion from below at the same pace. She moaned in surprise, and only lasted a few seconds before gasping in climax.

"Atta girl," Hannah complimented. "Getting off quickly is a good skill to have."

"Something I need to work on I suppose," Catherine admitted reluctantly.

"Don't worry." Hannah paused to kiss her deeply. "Most men don't know that we can do it at all. Just act like you did when they go and you are fine."

Watching them roll over to get Phil on top, Hannah kept playing with Catherine below her, who was now side by side with Leira. The two of them on top of their women, hands on their breasts, shared a smile. Despite his skill though, Phil couldn't last forever and grunted as he pounded into Leira, who wrapped her legs tightly around him as he finally finished. As he slowed down, Hannah and Catherine slithered off the bed to get between Leira's legs. As he pulled out, Hannah moved to take him in her mouth to clean him off while she shoved Catherine's face to clean up Leira.

Hannah was mildly disappointed that she couldn't get him hard again, but Leira seemed to have no issues being quickly brought to climax again for Catherine. Leira happily let Cathrine drink from her as Hannah got dressed with the courier to show him out.

**** 

Back in the lounge, Astra had a question when Liddy handed her a wad of bills. "So how much for each of us do I have to hand out?"

Liddy looked at her for a moment, seeing she was genuinely curious, "No sweetie. That's all yours. Guard wages, plus your cut for the job, and a bonus for being with a client."

Her eyes went wide with surprise at the fortune in her hands. Conna and Foxy knew they were getting more than the other guards, but the amounts seemed ridiculous to them. Juno, like the other girls who didn't see any clients, was also stunned with disbelief.

"Why are you all so surprised? This is just standard rates for military grade security personnel." Liddy explained.

Juno spoke up, "This is more than I used to make in four months. We have only been with you a few days."

"Well then..." Liddy pondered. "Welcome to the private sector."

"I am never going to run out of boot polish again." Juno laughed and was joined by the others.

"That sort of thing is an expense. I would pay for that. Nothing you need to do your job, or look good while doing it, is something you need to pay with your wages," Liddy explained, quite confused with their sudden stunned silence.

"Then what are we supposed to pay for?" Conna asked quite confused in turn.

"Anything you want!" Liddy almost shouted in exasperation. "Good grief, what happened to you girls? Buy food and booze you want when you are off the ship. Clothing that you want to wear when you are off duty. Decorations or whatever for your room. Tattoos and piercings. Go to the theatre or carnival. Whatever you want. Send it to your families or donate it if, you can't think of anything else. Saving up for retirement might also be a good idea."

It took them all a few minutes to process just what Liddy was trying to explain, but they slowly got the idea. Not having to buy half their own kit or maintaining it on their own dime was a new concept to them. Also, just how much they were being paid seemed unreal to them. 

"So..." Astra started. "If I wanted to buy a telescope, I can?"
