 Liddy knocked on the doors as she walked down the hall to get everyone awake at the early hour. After a long night of work, most were exhausted, but they needed to get ready for the party. The soldiers were awake and ready almost immediately, but the rest needed some prodding. Ving was awake and trying to wake up Hannah with her tongue between her legs. Liddy walked in on them and shouted at them for dallying. Easy and Mari were kissing while getting themselves dressed, but at least they were moving. The rest were just slow getting up, but were ready soon enough.

"Alright. Everyone except Inky and Leira is coming to this party," Liddy started to explain. "Ship will be locked up so you shouldn't have much to worry about. The rest of us are going to the party. Aside from Foxy and Conna, you soldier-girls will be armed and on guard. Working girls, we are getting uniforms of some kind provided by the hotel. So just worry about your hair and makeup. We go in, greet and serve guests, then at some point, they will take their liberties with us until sometime around noon when the shindig is supposed to end. If it hits noon, and they are still fucking us, then we keep going and I just add the time to the bill. Already received a bank note for the first half of the payment, so there is no backing out. Any questions?"

"Will we have any more time to sleep after the party before taking on more clients in the afternoon?" Mari asked while feeling up Easy as she sat on her lap.

"I have it on good scientific authority that human beings can live over a week without sleep and that Emberborn aren't much different in that regard. So I'm going to say maybe, but it doesn't really matter. Anyone else?"

"Are we allowed to eat or drink at the party?" Conna asked.

"Limit yourself to what they offer. Afterwards, we can just take what's left."

"How many guests are expected?" Hannah chimed in.

"Dozen or so. Never really know at these kinds of gatherings, but about that. They are upper class as well, so mind what you say. Anyone else?" Liddy waited for a moment. "Okay, then. Grab a bite now and meet on the docks. Foxy, a word."

As everyone filed out, Foxy came over to Liddy. "Yes, Ma'am?"

"How's Leira? I know she wanted to work, but I can't do that to her."

"Honestly, Ma'am, she is nowhere near as bad as you think. Rough around the edges, but she's been through a lot."

"That's what has me concerned."

"She needs time and people to care for her. There really isn't anywhere else she could get that. Nobody would take an Emberborn in. Plus, she seems keen on working for you. It won't hurt her if that's what you are worried about. It might even help."

"You two had sex, didn't you?"

"I... should have made your bed afterwards. I'm sorry, Ma'am"

Liddy's eyes widened in surprise. "In MY bed?" She sighed as Foxy had her turn to be surprised. "No worries. You know her better than I do at this point, and if anyone is going to be protective of her, it's you. If you say she can handle it then I will trust you."

Foxy was surprised at her captain's trust. Nobody outside her squad ever trusted her like that. "Thank you."

Liddy received a gentle lick of a kiss from Foxy on her cheek before watching her join the others outside. Inky approached with a smile on her face.

"That girl doesn't trust new people easily, but she really is starting to like you," Inky explained.

"So I'm starting to realise. She believes that Leira is good to work. I'd like your opinion on her as well. Get to know her and see how she reacts to you. I'd like to give her a home here, but not if it does her more harm than good."

"Understood. Have a fun time at the party."

"Oh, I plan to. Getting laid where I can watch the others getting laid. It's sex and a show, of sex."

"I was tempted to join in, but someone had to stay behind, and I don't feel right getting fucked in front of my squad."

"Fair enough. I will see you sometime after noon."

Inky watched Liddy go wrangle the girls on the dock and lead them off towards the hotel. She was happy that they had a proper escort with them. After losing sight of them, she turned to go look for the mermaid and found her in the bath under the water. She watched for a moment, before seeing some movement and suddenly Leira broke the surface with a smile.

"Oh hello. Who are you?"

"I'm the ship's chief security officer. Crew call me Inky. You must be Leira. Foxy told me a bit about you."

"Oh, are you here to fuck me, too? Because that Fox was a total riot in bed. I didn't think other women could be such sluts like me, but she wanted it just as bad. All the other women I met before her either didn't want it from a woman or anywhere near as often if they did. Though, I suppose if you get paid to fuck like sluts, it helps if you are one. That's why I wanna work here. Get to fuck all the rich assholes, right?"

"Wow. She wasn't kidding about the foul mouth. Lucky for you I'm in the military. No, I'm not here to 'fuck' you. The rest are off the ship at a party and I wanted to not be bored out of my skull. Since we hadn't met, I figured I'd introduce myself and get to know you. I don't have sex with clients. At least not yet. But that is what the rest of the women do. Though the captain is a bit worried about if that's healthy for you, after all of your trauma."

"What happened to me with the slavers has nothing to do with me wanting to get fucked. Though I do get what she is worried about. I saw a lot of really broken people in the market. That's why I pretended to act like them. All spaced out and shit. Hoped it would get me into a position to escape or something. I might not have all my shit right in my head, but I'm not some basket case anyone needs to worry about."

"That's what Foxy said. More or less. And the captain is inclined to agree. I still want to get to know you even if there is no other reason to do so aside from having a new friend on board. Seems like the crew is rather 'inclusive', so I'm just doing my part."

"Yeah. I didn't think people like me were allowed to be anywhere without collars. Never met any others outside the market. Yet here, shit's all different."

"Well, this place is unique. There are freed slaves here and there in most cities, but life is almost always worse for them. You have no idea how lucky you are. Granted, you shouldn't have had to endure any of this crap. Same with the rest of the Emberborn. But given the world we live in, you lucked out."

"Yeah, growing up I was always told I was lucky to be there. Thought they just said that to make me think they were doing me a favour by fucking me. Like, they would have gotten rid of me if I wasn't pretty enough for it. Suppose it was a bit of both. Dunno. Can we still fuck, though?"

"Let's just calm down for a bit. Working with clients requires patience and some discipline. Convince me you have both and I will tell Liddy you can work."

"Oh. Why do I always want things that are hard?"

Inky chuckled lightly. "Because it's better than limp?"

Leira looked confused for a moment before getting the joke and laughing. "Cock hungry whore." She shook her head. "Don't worry, I am, too."

****

A little while later at the hotel, Liddy got everyone into the staff room they were to be using to get ready. 

"Alright! Listen up," she announced. "The showers are over there. Please do NOT have sex in them. Get turned on but save it for the clients." Liddy got a few annoyed but understanding looks. "Once you are all clean, you can get your hair and makeup done by those mirrors."

"Found the uniforms!" Soldier Kilty called out.

Liddy went over and found the bin where everything was stored. "This is a mess! Nothing was folded or pressed. Are we sure it's clean?"

"Bin is marked clean, Ma'am. We'll get them ready for you."

Kilty and the other soldiers not seeing clients got to work sorting through everything to get it ready for when they were needed. Black shoes with a slight heel were behind the bin, and the girls found ones that fit them. The rest of the uniforms were black nylon stockings with garters. White pleated skirts that went past their knees. White blouses with burgundy vests. White bras and panties were also in the bin in many different sizes.

"I would not run a hotel like this. They just threw everything they had in one bin. We don't even know if they have all our sizes." Liddy huffed.

"Why don't we ditch the underwear and blouses?" Mari suggested. "Roll the skirts to make them shorter without cutting them. Have the vests and stockings with the shoes. That way we don't have to fumble with anything to work and nobody has to iron blouses without actually having irons."

"I think you underestimate what we can do with military kit," Kilty commented with a smug smirk.

"You are both right. Ditching the blouses and such saves us time getting ready and working. Save your barracks laundry skills for the vests and skirts. While we get ready, just try and sort out sizes and hope everything fits."

With the soldiers having something to do, they got to work while Liddy got naked and stepped into the shower room. She had to snap her fingers at Easy, who was showing off her long tongue to Conna, but mostly they were keeping to task. It was hard to tell how much of Ving and Hannah's rubbing down Foxy was just helping with her fur or having fun, but it looked like the fox needed help with so much to wash that she let it go.

Once everyone was all dolled up, they got into uniforms that Liddy was impressed to find wrinkle-free. The skirts were abominably long by any of their standards, never mind how short Mari would normally wear hers. Rolling them up helped, but felt thick around their waist.

"We sure you don't want us cutting these?" Kilty offered.

"No, but we better not. Last thing we want is a client angry because his entertainment damaged the hotel's property."

"You really think a hotel is going to complain to anyone in the noble class about that?"

Liddy paused. "Okay, fuck it. Cut them cleanly and stitch them quickly."

While the rest got into their nylons and vests, the soldiers got to cutting and sewing. Liddy wasn't sure if their sewing supplies were standard soldier kit or they were just that well prepared. Thankfully, Mari was too busy trying to fit her breasts into the largest vest they could find to request her skirt be even shorter. Even before they had their skirts done, the girls were out getting drinks and trays ready without shame. The fact that there was nobody in the hall was irrelevant of course, since none of her girls minded being so exposed. Also, Easy had to have her vest cut to accommodate her wings. 

Only a few minutes before the guests started showing up did someone come up and help Liddy into her skirt. She, Hannah, Ving, and Mari were ready to greet guests when they arrived, while Easy and Foxy were behind the bar. Emma was with Conna helping speed the skirts along as two of the soldiers went to guard the front door.

"Hello and welcome." Liddy greeted someone who was not the client. "Please have a seat and make yourself comfortable."

It would be easy to say that he was surprised at the greeting. Not because of what was said so much as the provocative nature in which it was presented. 

"Oh, my. Yes." He stammered, looking at each of the women in turn.

He was a middle-aged man but without the obvious signs of being married. Undoubtedly not the first- or second-born of his siblings. A bit overweight and lonely looking. Exactly the kind of man who would have been invited to such an event. Qualities that, more or less, were shared with the other guests as they arrived. Now with skirts on, everyone Liddy could see drinks and hors d'oeuvres delivered from the kitchen being brought around. It did seem odd to Liddy that everyone in attendance seemed to be surprised at their appearance, but even if you are told to expect something, it's different than experiencing it. Thankfully nobody seemed to react poorly to any of the Emberborn. A jovial mood was filling the room, as the guests started to relax around the women -- who seemed to be far more distracting than they were used to.

A light boot stomp on the hardwood floor at the door brought Liddy back to attention. Another guest had walked in, but this one wore a purple and red dress. The young woman's eyes widened in surprise as she took in the view of the hall and its servers. 

"Hello. I am Catherine Bell. My father is running late and asked me to host until he arrives. Announce me."

Liddy made a curt bow towards the noblewoman, looking appreciatively at her cleavage and raven-black hair done up in ladylike fashion. 

"Welcome guests," Liddy announced. "May I present to you, your hostess Lady Catherine Bell."

Some guests were surprised, but certainly didn't mind the company of an additional beautiful woman. She went around, meeting and greeting each man in turn. Liddy sighed at the poor girl being thrust into the situation because of the unprofessional man she had as a father. The frivolity of the noble class chafed at Liddy. Did he forget he was throwing a sex party for men? If she was there for sex as well, that was one thing, but he simply seemed to have sent her because he couldn't be bothered to think on the matter. Liddy winked at the soldier at the door, who came over promptly.

"Astra is it?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Keep an eye on the Lady. If she looks like she is getting in trouble, kindly offer your assistance. She might need an excuse to leave the room. I doubt she knows what the party really is, so if it gets to be too much, then I don't want her feeling trapped."

"Understood."

"But if she likes it and plays along, then let it go. It can go either way."

"Understood. Everyone else is on a door. We are secure."

"Good. I don't think there will be any more guests. But if there are any late arrivals, then show them in and tell them to enjoy themselves if they freak out at the sex."

"Will do." Astra smiled. "Also, I'd just like to add that I would be fine with taking any of these men myself. So if you ever need me seeing clients, I think I can handle it."

"Good to know." Liddy nodded and returned the smile.

The men were already getting amorous with the women. Emma had a hand moving up her skirt while she bent over to set a man's drinks down on the table. Surprised and pleased to find there was nothing under her skirt to limit access, he explored further as Emma stayed bent over the table, allowing his fingers to find their way inside her. The elf moaned softly and smiled, looking over to Liddy. 

Hannah was already on her knees, running her hands over the thighs of her guest. Looking up at him with an innocent pout about his trousers still being fastened. She stroked along where it was easy to see how hard he was, and smiled gleefully when he nodded at her. With practised ease, Hannah got his fly open and took him deep into her mouth. He groaned as her tongue expertly worked over him and her hands gripped tightly in a massage motion. 

Sensing the party starting, Easy and Foxy came out from the bar with several bottles of wine each so they wouldn't have to return for refills too often. The noble Lady was surprised when she realised what was going on, and was stunned seeing someone release the tightly packed breasts of the woman covered in ink. Astra stepped forward, sensing she might be needed. One of the men had put his leg under the long dress and started lifting it. When she noticed it, it was because the foot pressed against her causing her to yelp in surprise as she gripped it. Astra stopped moving when she saw the lady holding the foot against her, under her dress, and moving her hips against it.

Liddy was about to go check on her when someone grabbed her by the hips and pulled her onto his lap. After some adjustments, Liddy felt one of the men pushing inside her and she wasn't sure what one it was. Pleasantly surprised by the size of the man inside her, she let Astra worry about the Lady and started moving her hips. Liddy noticed someone had been brave enough to put his manhood down Foxy's throat past her sharp teeth. It was going to be a long morning.

****

Back on the ship, Leira and Inky were at the bar, going over the different kinds of drinks they might need to mix for clients. Leira had tasted a few but didn't like any of them.

"Well, you might need to drink a lot of things while with clients, and you can't show if you don't like it," Inky explained.

"I like swallowing the important stuff," Leira smirked at her reply.

"Well, good. That's at least one thing you have on me. Aside from your breasts."

"Puffertits."

"Yes. I know. Anyways." Inky got back to task. "Just learn to take any alcohol with a smile and you will be fine."

"Can we fuck now?" Leira whined.

"No," Inky said for the seventh time. "I told you that you need to learn how to control yourself. Now if you want, we can do something else physical to burn off some energy."

"Swimming! In the ocean! I was in that box for so fucking long, but I haven't gotten to really swim in all the months I was there." Leira was bouncing with excitement that caused her breasts to inflate a bit and her hair to wildly shift colours. 

"Fine. There is some beach down the coast a bit, away from the docks. We can go swimming there."

"Then fuck after?"

"No fucking!"

****

In the hotel hall, Conna felt someone pushing into her ass as she straddled another man on the couch. It had been a while since she had first tried it, but whoever was behind her was bigger. She yelped and bit into the upholstery as it got deeper inside. Thankfully it had spent some time in someone else and wasn't trying to go in dry. The man below her didn't seem to mind his girl being shared. He was too busy working himself in and out of her as quickly as possible. She gasped as the man finally got as deep as he could get and began to withdraw. The next thrust hurt almost as much, but she was determined to endure. Mari was bent over a table getting hers worked like a champ. The impressive part was that she could take it while not biting down on the man working her throat. Conna suddenly felt the man below her finally getting his load off, but after a few moments of pause, he resumed his pace.

Hannah was impressed at the Lady on the floor. One man had just finished and pulled out to let another take his place, and she didn't even pause with the men she was holding in each hand. Her mouth diligently worked between the two as her breasts started to bounce again from the impacts of the thrusts inside her. Hannah herself had a good view of the action, having been lifted up so that her guest could fuck her freestanding. It got easier for him to hold her up when another man moved behind her. At first she expected to enjoy the same penetration Mari was enjoying and Conna was adjusting to, but instead, it pushed up against the other cock in her and they shared the same hole. That was a lot, even for Hannah to endure, as every man she had seen so far were unusually well endowed. She wondered in between gasps how one went about inviting people like that to parties. Did they already know? Minimum erect penis size on the invites? Hannah laughed at the silly notion, feeling her breasts being gripped tightly and bitten roughly. They were all going to have marks by the end of the morning. 

****

Walking down the beach, Inky and Leira found a small sheltered lagoon where they stripped out of their clothing. Leira would have been examining the tanned skin of her new friend, except she was already diving into the water to swim more freely than she had been in a long while. Inky, on the other hand, hadn't been swimming since she learned how as part of her training in boot camp. She lost sight of Leira for several minutes, when suddenly the mermaid broke the surface far out from shore. Inky went into the deeper water to meet her, but lost her again when Leira went back under the water. 
