 Interlude

Since very few people had ever actually seen a fae, it was commonly believed that faerie creatures were tiny and looked like elves with butterfly wings. It was also commonly held that they were mercurial troublemakers who loved pranks. While it was true that there was a sort of faerie called a sprite that did indeed look that way, and that the fae of the Summer Court were, in fact, quite chaotic and playful, there was another side of the faerie that only the truly wise knew. The fae of the Winter Court were serious, even dour, and lived very structured, rules-oriented lives.

Queen Esaund of the Winter Court was a thin, coldly lovely woman of some 4 centuries; still young as fae lifespan were counted. Like all of the Noble Fae, she was thin and willowy, and tall for their kind. Some of the males reached as much as 5 feet in the prime of their lives. Her skin was purest white, like new fallen snow, and her hair the pale blue of a clear winter sky. Her eyes were the gray of snow-laden clouds. Today the tempestuous young Queen was frustrated. Warlord Thedrun had come to her, asking for safe haven for his men for a night, which she was glad to give... until she found that he had brought a woman with him. A human woman. Queen Esaund had never been jealous of his many fey lovers... after all, were not the fey the most beautiful beings in all of creation? Irresistible to any mortal. But to bring a human woman... and to choose to spend his time with her instead of the Queen or one of her maidens? It was almost too great an insult to bear.

She stalked naked, her small breasts barely moving with each step, pert nipples of dark blue pointing fiercely, partly from exposure to cold air, and partly from rage. Troubled glances passed between the armored warriors standing in ranks on opposite sides of the path she stalked toward the back of her throne chamber. The chamber itself was a triumph of faerie elemental magic, shaped entirely of ice, but rivaling the great halls of the Dwarf Kings in raw physical beauty. The warriors, resplendent in armor crafted magically from natural elements and carrying long, thin rapier blades and spiked bucklers. These were the elite warriors of the Winter Court. Their lives were risked not only every time they entered battle, but also by their very service to the often fickle-hearted Noble Fae. Esaund was no exception; as fiery and shifting emotionally as she was cold and unchanging in appearance. Her word was unquestioned law, and should her elite troops fail her, death would be the best they could hope for. Fae Royalty had banished entire legions of their Elite in the past, and for a fae creature, nothing was more horrible than permanent exile to the mundane realms of the humans.

Esaund finally stopped before Tiriven, one of her youngest warriors. Barely a man by fae standards, he had just passed his 100th year. The fae standing near him had to summon their will not to snicker, for they were experienced and knew what was coming next. But the loyalty of the elite legion was unmatched, and they were silent regarding their "other duty"... even to new members of the legion itself. The boy, well trained himself, hid his fear well. Esaund gestured with a single finger, and he stepped out of line. Wordlessly, she stripped away his armor, using magic to tug at the straps and strings, before similarly removing his clothes. To his credit, he remained silent as she reached down and gathered his limp manhood in her hand, considering it as if it were a potential meal before releasing it.

"You and the men to your right and left, come up to my throne." She turned and headed toward the great ice-construct that was the throne of the Winter Queen, gesturing with a hand to force the ice to re-shape itself, the back of the seat reclining until it was flat. More experienced than Tiriven, the other two fae warriors stripped their armor off and nudged him forward. Their Queen lounged back on her throne, tracing a long-nailed fingertip across her thigh as she watched the three naked warriors approach. 

One of the two experienced warriors whispered to Tiriven "Don't worry son... you'll get her mouth, not much you can screw up that way..."

Before the young warrior had time to ponder the meaning of that, he gasped in fear as his Queen once more grasped his member in her hand, this time her grip was tight to the point of being painful. Till now, the only hand that had massaged his cock was his own, and the feel of a tiny hand belonging to the ruler of the whole Winter Court was almost more than he could bear. His body reacted instantly, and he feared that he might cum and upset his Queen further. Luckily, one of the other soldiers, the one who had whispered to him, stepped forward, presenting his already erect member to her. A pleased smile crossed her lips, and she stood, whispering to him so that the rest of the Court might not hear, even though all could see what was happening. Tiriven, so close to them both, could hear though, and he instantly knew why she whispered. It was improper for a Queen to ask her soldier his opinion on anything... much less something so intimate.

"You are most pleasing, warrior. Tell me, would you enter my palace of pleasure, or is your preference for a darker home..." Her voice dripped with honey, and Tiriven immediately recognized that his Queen was becoming aroused. The smell of her was intoxicating, so much so that he began to have trouble focusing. 

He did not hear his companion's answer, but soon the Queen was kneeling, her legs astride the well-endowed warrior who was lying on the throne. Without so much as a kiss, she lowered herself down upon his engorged cock and began to move slowly, not bothering to conceal her moans. As if by some silent signal, the other warrior stepped behind her, position his own hardened member behind their Queen's tiny blue asshole, letting her own wild thrusting drive his cock into her hole. The Queens moans became screams of pleasure and demands for more. Tiriven found himself stroking his hardon, already dripping pre-cum, without realizing what he was doing.

His Queen's demanding voice brought him out of his private reverie... she was speaking in the ancient tongue, the formal language of the Court, native to the Noble Fae but barely understood by lowly warriors. Still he took her meaning, and he moved to stand on the throne as she instructed, placing his slickened cock before her mouth. Hungrily she took it in, letting her teeth graze it painfully before grasping the base with her tiny hand. The movements of her mouth on him seemed more painful than pleasurable at first, and he was afraid she would draw blood before she drew an orgasm from him.

As time passed, however, he began to enjoy her rough attentions, and he noticed that her entire body was sweaty and shaking, her screams of pleasure muffled by his member buried deep in her throat causing intense vibrations. He had never seen a woman orgasm before, but he could only imagine that this was what was about to happen. Then the unthinkable happened... he felt her hands gripping at his buttocks, forcing apart the cheeks roughly as her fingers sought out his own puckered ass. He barely had time to jump and try to pull away before she was penetrating him. Despite the feeling that he should be humiliated, he could only exalt in the intense pleasures such as he had never experienced before, an intense orgasm washing over him and draining everything from within him.

As his senses returned, he saw that his Queen sat upon her throne, a strong look of disappointment in her eyes, all three of her warriors spent. Her eyes traveled over her court until they landed upon the three chained Fomorians, fae giants nearly seven feet tall, stupid as blocks of ice individually, but strong enough to pose a serious threat to the Winter Court when they amassed an army. With a wild gesture, she sent the chains holding one of them flying and stalked over to him. Her eyes glowed wickedly as she lifted his loin cloth, observing a member nearly the size of a Noble Fae's forearm. Her hands, tiny against the enormous, threatening member, began to stroke, and soon enough the fomorian's body reacted to her. The creature itself simply laughed, enjoying itself with a nearly bestial delight. Without warning it grabbed the Queen, wrapping a massive hand around her waist and forcing her over. It lifted her used pussy up to the level of its waiting cock, and thrust her toward itself, holding her and using her like a masturbatory toy. At first pain overwhelmed the Queen, and she screamed. Her best mages and warriors leapt forward, staves and swords at the ready, but she gestured them away, already sweating and screaming loudly as the vicious stretching of her tiny hole continued. Soon enough the sounds turned to those of pleasure, and the Queen enjoyed herself more thoroughly than any of her Court had seen before now, her cum dripping down the fomorian's legs and creating pools at his feet. After what seemed like hours of silent watching, the Court was relieved to see the Fomorian's gray-blue lust bursting forth from the tight seal their Queen had formed around his cock with her formerly tiny flower. 

Queen Esaund, temporarily sated, pulled herself off of the giant's still engorged prick and drew a finger through their mingled orgasms gathered at the end of its cock. Lifting the finger to her lips, she tasted it daintily before gesturing to the fomorian. Clean this up, and have it chained permanently in my chambers. And do find more of them. Larger ones, perhaps..."