 Foxy let out an anguished groan as she opened her eyes. Feeling a grip on either arm, she tried to open her eyes and struggle free. Her arms were sluggish, and muffled voices told her to stop. She knew they were familiar and stopped struggling until she could finally see again. Looking beside herself, she saw Emma and Easy holding onto her, and Leira behind her with her back supporting her own.

"What..?" Foxy slurred.

"Relax. We got hit with some kind of gas. Deep breaths and try not to move," Emma stated.

Foxy felt her breathing shift without her even trying. Emma held her tightly and focused her eyes on hers. Soon the world became clearer and Foxy could see others around them. They were all sitting on the floor of a long, small room. The sway and bumps she started to feel suggested they were moving on a train. All around them were others they saw at the party. Everyone was an Emberborn. Some looked at her as they spoke, then returned their eyes to empty space in front of them.

"It was a trap," Foxy muttered to herself. "I'm sorry I didn't see it sooner. That I couldn't get you out."

"You got one of them," Leira commented. "You can get the rest later."

Foxy felt up her skirt to find the knife she kept hidden before withdrawing her hands. The bullets at her skirt were gone, but they had failed to search beyond that. The train rumbled on while the air in the cattle car grew hot and humid with the breathing of so many together. It didn't last long. The brakes squealed, causing them to tumble over at the sudden deceleration. The girls waited. They heard shouting outside as they emptied one of the other cars before finally getting to theirs. The door slid open and men with guns stood menacingly, wearing the same uniforms as those who had been serving drinks at the party. Olive green jackets with gold trimming over black vests with red trim that matched their trousers.

"Animals out. Carry the sleeping. No doddiling," the closest one to the door shouted and marked himself to Foxy as the one she wanted to kill the most.

The ones closest to the door leapt out. Many stumbled and fell, giving the rest of them enough room to move. In front, a pair held a third unconscious and tried to hand her to a pair already off the train.

"Her mouth is foaming," one of the soldiers commented.

"She is still out, not swallowing right," her holder said to defend her.

"Foam is green, allergic reaction. She won't wake up," the guard commander stated upon closer inspection.

"No, she is fine. Maybe she might need medicine, but--" A gunshot cut her off.

The body fell to the ground in front of the train, and those who had tried to help her off the train were shoved along so the rest could disembark. Horrified, one of the ones who had supported her and spoke in her defence screamed in panic, leaping off the train to cradle the body. He was picked up and dragged away by a pair of the soldiers. Foxy was the first one down of their group and she levelled an icy glare at the commander.

"Oh, you," the man stated, noticing the glare. "Don't be mad, she was already dead. Thank me for my mercy. Had it been you though, I'd have let you suffer. Tossed you in the ditch to take days to die. You killed one of my men. A life that was actually worth something. You have a use now, but when you don't, I will be the one to take my time killing you."

Foxy smiled. With a quick flick of her wrist, she drew the knife, hitting the button to extend the blade and gracefully sent it through the air into his eye socket. She had aimed for the throat but didn't mind the results of her hasty throw. Putting up her hands to surrender so the others didn't shoot her, she watched the man scream and yell as he clutched his eye. Quickly restrained, Foxy was forced to kneel but didn't mind the closer view of the man's last moments. The man sent to fetch the doctor never even made it to the compound before the screaming stopped.

Her wrists tied, Foxy was hauled to her feet and put back with the group before they were all ushered, at gunpoint, down the road the messenger had run to fetch the doctor. The compound was composed of one massive central building with many other outlying buildings that looked mostly for storage. They could see crops growing all around in whatever otherwise empty space that could be found. More Emberborn worked the fields wearing metal collars around their necks. They could hear another train car being offloaded behind them as they were herded down a ramp and into the main building.

They walked through what was obviously a loading dock from the stacks of crates along the wall. Emma gasped as she noticed the air holes cut into the sides. The crates were too small for adults to be inside. Leira ignored everything, focusing her efforts on the iron shackles Foxy was wearing. She worked with the decorative brass cogs she ripped from the corset and smiled fiendishly as she unlocked one of her wrists. Past the loading dock they moved through a long narrow hallway, but instead of a roof was a wire-fence dome cover. The walls only came to shoulder level for the taller prisoners, so they could see out into the wide open area. 

All around them were the sounds of animal lust. Emberborn having sex in every way imaginable. Imaginable in their own limited experience, anyway. All wore the metal collars like those outside as they gleefully went from partner to partner in an unending orgy. There were pools, rocks, cushions, pillows, beds, benches, poles, and every other kind of comfort one could want in a luxury resort. On all of them, were Emberborn enthralled with sexual congress. Emma saw one woman, some kind of feline, bent over a table with a wolf howling behind her as he finished. Only moments after he had done so, a lizard came and took his place, and she never stopped moaning in pleasure. Leira had been distracted by the rampant sex, but as they finally passed the wide open room to enter some kind of medical area, she returned to her work on getting the second wrist free of the shackle.

As they arrived they could see the previous group being lead out, wearing the metal collars. A pudgy man with a monocle stood waiting next to a table covered in collars. Once they were all in the room, he looked around, trying to find someone.

"Where's Biddon?" He asked in a nasal voice.

"Dead," Replied a soldier flatly, not seemingly troubled by the news.

"I thought Pillip died."

"He did, at the mansion. Biddon got a knife in his eye next to the train." He nodded towards Foxy.

The man walked up to her. "Did you not check her for a knife?" he asked.

"Had it up her skirt. She's clean now."

"Are you?" he asked, directing the question to Foxy.

"Not for long." she replied at the sound of her other shackle coming free.

Reaching out, Foxy slashed deep with her claws and tore at the flesh at the fat man's face before the soldiers moved on her again. This time she didn't surrender and took advantage of the fact they didn't seem to want to kill her. Her claws drew more blood as she demonstrated her martial skill. Frozen in surprise, Emma couldn't move to help her as someone threw her to the floor to get to Foxy. 

It wasn't until Leira pulled her away, that she could move. Leira guided her towards a wall, and Emma watched as she reached to the side of an air vent and released a clasp holding it in place. Urging Emma inside after opening it, Leira followed and slid her hand through the slats to lock the clasp back. In all the commotion of the fight, nobody noticed their escape.

Foxy was eventually overwhelmed and subdued. She grinned as she felt blood dripping off their faces onto her fur as they held her tightly. Two mewled on the floor, grabbing at eyes that were no longer there. The fat man held a towel to his cheeks, staring at her in confused shock. The tension hung in the room until a door opened and they could hear the crying wails of a child undoubtedly upset at the noise the men on the floor were making. An Emberborn owl woman cradled the young bird in her arms. He squawked as his mother stopped at the sight before her.

"Put that thing in a crate and shut it up!" The fat man yelled at her.

The owl walked over to a crate without its lid and tried to set her child down, arms unable to let go.

"Let it go and seal it up!" he yelled, again fetching a clean towel for his face.

The woman let go of her child and began to sob as she moved the lid into place and locked it.

"Stop that damn crying!" And she did so. "Be happy you made something worth selling and get back in there to do it again!"

A forced smile covered her beaked face, and she stripped the simple cloth robe from her body and walked through another door that lead up some steps to the room they had seen as they entered. Another door opened behind them, and from that doorway sounded a deep booming laughter of genuine amusement. 

Everyone turned to see a woman wearing nothing. Deep blood red skin covering a tall, powerful, yet feminine figure. Dark purple hair flowed over her shoulders almost covering the dark nipples on her massive, firm, breasts. On her head, poking through the hair, were a pair of ivory horns slightly curved upwards. Looking down her legs past powerful thighs and calves were hoofs instead of feet. A pair of tails swayed behind her that ended in fleshy spear tips. Although hard to see under her hair, she too wore a collar. Her powerful body heaved with laughter as though hearing the best joke in the world.

"Stop laughing!" the fat man shouted, and immediately her laughter choked in her throat. "Get down here and put a collar on this one," he demanded, pointing to Foxy.

She came down, hooves clomping along the tile, and picked up a collar from the counter. Kneeling in front of Foxy, she sighed in apology before silently mouthing thanks to her and put the collar around her neck. It clicked together and she withdrew, handing something to the fat man when she went to his side.

"You will not attack anyone anymore," he glared at Foxy as he spoke, before nodding at his men to let her go.

Foxy stalled after standing back up, not finding the control to resume her struggle.

"Take off your clothing."

Foxy began to undress, wondering why she was dressed in the first place. As the last of her clothing hit the floor, she looked at it pondering the reason she did what she was told.

"Now, wait," he said before turning to the demon beside him. "Put the rest in collars."

One by one Foxy watched her put collars on the new arrivals and inwardly raged at one being put on Easy yet remained waiting, at a loss as to what to do.

"Now all of you, strip naked." he said, switching to yet another clean towel for his face, while the rest of the men finally started to tend to their own wounds.

With every Emberborn naked, he spoke again, "Obey all orders at all times from any humans. When I am finished, and emberstones are implanted, you will all go through the door that leads to the breeding hall. Once inside you will find a sexual partner of the opposite gender and mate." He paused to emphasise a point, "Provided they are not of blood relation!" giving the impression it was a new rule. "You will do so repeatedly. Females, accept the seed from any males available as long as you do so in a manner that has a chance of causing pregnancy. If you believe yourself to be pregnant, then inform a human to request a medical exam. Eat when necessary, use hygienic facilities when necessary. Sleep is not allowed unless it is from exhaustion. Males, move on to another female once you have seeded the one you were with. Males, unconscious females are as valid a mate as any other. The one exception is any female with clothing is considered pregnant and not to be used as a mate. Males, ignore females with clothing."

He paused for breath after delivering his rehearsed lines, "You will all enjoy this breeding and do so with enthusiasm." Then, he looked at Foxy, "Except for you. You will breed with enthusiasm but are under no orders to enjoy any of it. I want you to endure without that little gift. We aren't cruel, so we want the rest of your kind to enjoy this, it doesn't cost us anything. But you have cost us much so you will have to live with it."

The demon looked surprised at the order and offered a sympathetic look to Foxy.

"Under no circumstances will you take any orders to countermand the ones I have just given you!" he shouted.

After each woman who required an emberstone was implanted, they all turned and filed through the door to once again look upon the Emberborn orgy. Foxy eagerly searched out for a man and a spot she could use to spread her legs. Easy giggled in anticipation as she grabbed one of the men that entered with her to take her on the floor just inside the room.

****

Juno stood next to Inky while she talked with Liddy. Kilty and Laurel were getting their kit on behind them.

"They are late. I know spending the night was a possibility, but even so, they are overdue." Inky stated.

"Agreed. I can see them putting up a fuss if they were having fun, but I doubt Foxy would let that stop her," Liddy replied. "Go find them. Haul their probably drunk asses back here."

Inky saluted and took a paper Liddy had scribbled the address on. The four soldiers set off down the road and retraced the route the girls would have taken.

****

Emma helped Leira into the small chamber where very little light was able to reach. A metal grill floor covered half the chamber, and was not entirely under the opening they were entering from. With her feet guided to it, Leira was able to push off and settle on it safely. Emma let go of Leira's hips and sat down with her legs hanging in the air exchange chamber. It was hot and humid in the dark, where the two women sat, finally able to relax and process what had happened.

"What now?" Emma asked, weakly trying to hold back tears.

"I have no fucking idea. My plan just took us this far. Usually, some fucker just finds me sooner or later so I never had to plan for this," Leira confessed.

"They took Easy and Foxy. Making them mate like that..."

"Let's be honest. Easy wouldn't mind so much even if she wasn't told to enjoy it. You heard the tub of shit. Foxy... well I don't know her that well, but she's got a lustful streak and technically he never told her to hate it either. Just kinda assumed she would. Either way, they are safe for now."

"Well, I suppose. Still, told to enjoy or it not, it's not right."

"Maybe not," Leira paused, "I think this was the fucking place I was going to be sent to for being too difficult to train as a slave. Collars like that and it wouldn't matter how fucking stubborn I am."

"So we escape. Get back to town. Find Liddy. Bring Inky to get the others out."

"Too much open space. I bet it's all covered by assholes with guns in case someone bolts or tries to sneak in. Nighttime might work, but I really don't think the soldier girls would like us leaving them behind like that."

"What else can we do?"

"Well, I'm thinking it's a long while until night either way. So unless we think of something else that will be our fallback plan."

"Fine. What do we do until then?" Emma asked.

Leira stood up as high as she could without hitting her head on the roof and started to strip off her dress, "Getting out of this thing so I don't boil. Water is fine, but sweat water is not."

Emma stood up with no chance of hitting her head on the roof and began to strip as well, "It will be easier to move about in our underwear instead of our dresses as well."

"Right," Leira agreed, getting distracted by the elf, stripping down to a dark green bra and panties set lined with black lace. Of course, in the dark, she could have been mistaken but the view was fine either way.

Emma hung her dress on a rivet with the intent to grab it later if everything worked out, and did the same for Leira's, trying to pretend she wasn't staring at her ass.

"Top or bottom?" Leira asked.

"We have time I'm sure, but not in the mood to pass it that way," Emma scolded.

Leira laughed, "I mean the vents out of here. There is one up there or one down there."

"Sure you did..."

"Okay, fine, yes, I wanna fuck your sweet body. I get it's not the time and you don't really like lady folk, but if we get stuck, and know we got no way out, I am going to suggest it again."

Emma turned around and pushed Leira against the wall. One hand over her mouth and one between her legs. Staring into her eyes in the dark, Emma watched as Leira's opened wide and her body shuddered. Leira screamed into her palm for a few seconds before relaxing. Emma took her hands away to let Leira breath deeply to catch her breath.

"Satisfied now? Did it to men a lot before working on the ship, so I never learned how to really make it last, but hopefully, it gets it out of your system long enough to help finish our plan."

"Fucking fuck," Leira gasped. "You can just do it like that? Why would you ever need to fuck anyone else?"

"I can't bring myself to climax... Well, at least not like that anyway. Now, the vents. Where do they go?"

Composing herself, Leira spoke, "No idea. But if we are going to get any new ideas, it won't be until we get into them and look around. At the very least we can find some path outside. Or we can find other things in this place that might give us more options."

"Like a switch on those collars or a radio?"

"Something, yeah. Not sure how to use a radio, but I suppose we could threaten some asshole."

"Okay. So plan A is to find some way to bring Liddy to us with Inky. Plan B is to find some way to get to them."

"Plan Fucked is when we wait for them to find us on their own because we got caught, killed, or stuck in this shit box."

"Right. I will take top. Give me a lift."

Emma was able to reach the top vent, thanks to a helpful boost from Leira, who spent too much time groping her as she did so. She knew Leira was still stressed, so she didn't feel like scolding her again since they now had a plan. Once she thought Leira was far enough away, she took some time to express her fearful sobs.

****

Foxy turned around to see Easy getting on top of one of the males that had entered with them, and moaning when she felt him slide inside. She bounced herself and fluttered her wings with excitement as his hands held her breasts tightly. The others started to pair off almost immediately as well, though since most were female, they had to search out mates. Reminding herself to find her own, Foxy was about to turn to examine her prospects when a large arm went around her waist and a hand between her legs. Eagerly spreading her legs, she was held too tightly to his chest to look at the man as she felt him pushing inside her after lifting her. Holding Foxy by the knees from below and keeping her legs wide he held her as if to display her body as he thrust inside her. A soft-faced rodent of a man walked by looking for a mate, but all that mattered was that he was male.

"I've got enough room for two," Foxy gasped, knowing that if she wanted to get pregnant, then more men had to be giving her their seed.

Getting the hint, he approached her and despite the other man occupying her, he was able to fit himself inside. It hurt, but Foxy knew it was the best solution. Inwardly, she knew she always wanted to be with another Emberborn male but didn't think it would happen like this. Feeling both men compete for the space inside her, she whimpered softly. 

"Something wrong?" the man in front asked, grabbing Foxy by the breasts while thrusting harder.

"Not used to this much in me and had wished this to happen differently. That's all," she replied.

"You don't want this?" the man behind asked as he grunted.

"Of course I do, I need to get bred quickly. I just wasn't told to enjoy it, so it's difficult to get over the disappointment of the circumstances."
