 While Mari took the carriage she had rented with Hannah, rented in this case meaning the satisfied man was driving, Hannah entered a small salon tucked in between two larger shops. The space was long and narrow, yet felt cosy and inviting. The bell that rang as she opened the door had summoned a slow-moving woman who seemed surprised to have a customer.

"Well hello, miss. Welcome," she greeted Hannah warmly.

As she shuffled closer, Hannah could see it had less to do with her weight or age but rather some chronic joint pain.

"Thank you kindly," Hannah replied. "I was told you were able to do some hair regrowth."

"Oh my, yes," she confirmed. "I just haven't had anyone ask for any in ages. They came for my looks and loose... morals," she grinned, eying Hannah, and had a good feeling about the kind of woman she was. "But ever since I stopped being able to move about very well, I don't get many to come calling."

Hannah could see she had been quite a beauty in her youth and hadn't lost as much of it as she claimed. She liked her immediately.

"That's when you transition to being the one in charge. Make them do all the work," Hannah flashed a mischievous grin. 

"Oh, that worked for a bit, but really any fun at all ended up being too much for my frail joints."

"A shame then, but perhaps we can help each other out." Hannah pulled her hair aside to show the shaven side and scar. "A close shave in the trenches and I find myself needing my head balanced again."

"Oh my," the woman gasped as she inspected the scar more closely. "Well, I can certainly use the customer. I think we can help each other out just fine."

The woman sat Hannah in a chair that reclined backwards, facing her towards the storefront since she wouldn't have had the space to face the wall. Then she took a seat behind her client and started running her hands through Hannah's lovely red hair.

"So you are a soldier then?"

"Not if I can help it. I just like getting myself laid. Problem is that things keep happening around me and I can't just do nothing."

"A lover and a fighter."

"Very much so. Though all things considered, at least I have a lot of fun."

The two of them talked at length as the fingers pulled through Hannah's hair, slowly pulling longer strands out of the shaved patch. When it was finally done, she crowned Hannah in a pair of braids that ran down her shoulders. Hannah sat up and looked at the mirror to appreciate the work done to her hair, and noticed the woman massaging her own sore hands.

"Such masterful hands shouldn't be so sore from doing such fine work," Hannah stated.

"Such masterful hands haven't counted enough money to fix themselves."

Hannah pulled a stack of bills from the bag she had liberated from the brothel and placed it on the counter. "It occurs to me I haven't the faintest idea how much such treatment would cost."

"Oh, my goodness girl!" the old woman gasped. "I can't ask for this. I mean that would be enough but..."

"From one kindred spirit to another," Hannah smiled, laying down another stack of bills. "You deserve a break from the hardships. Go get the treatment that you need."

"Thank you. I will."

Hannah moved towards the door, and the woman followed to flip her sign before locking up. Obviously, she didn't intend to waste any time getting herself healed.

As they passed the carriage, Hannah opened the door to see if Mari was waiting for her or if she would have to hunt her down. The two of them stared at the sight of Mari bouncing her hips as the man under her laid back and enjoyed the penetration of the ink-covered woman. Mari looked up and smiled at her friend and the old lady without stopping her fun. Although the cramped carriage made sex difficult, Mari managed easily enough.

"Well then, I suppose I can drive." Hannah shook her head as she closed the door.

****

Easy fluttered happily through the hall as she followed the instructions on the paper given to her by the man who had graced her face with his seed. She knew most women would think of it as degrading, and while she could have gotten his help with a smile and wink, the rest was for her own pleasure. The book she wanted relating to magical flight that didn't involve any technology was in the possession of one of the faculty and not at the library. So if that meant having fun finding it, then all the better for Easy.

Finally reaching the doorway indicated, she knocked softly but didn't receive a reply. She looked about and while the others in the hall seemed to notice her, none bothered to say anything regarding if anyone was inside. Testing the handle, she could feel the door was locked but as she pushed on it, the door opened. It had been locked ajar and wouldn't even close properly. Knowing that someone else might have just left well alone and been polite about it, Easy entered the room quietly.

It was an office for an aide that led to another, finer door leading to another room where she could hear hushed voices. Opening the next door that hadn't even been locked at all, Easy saw a man on his knees, stroking his manhood while taking the manhood of an older man in his mouth.

Both men regarded her the instant the door opened and made to cover themselves up. However, instead of the embarrassment of being caught in the act like most would have, these men both wore expressions of terror and heartbreak. They knew their lives together would end as cataclysmically as their careers.

Before Easy could say anything that would put them at ease, a voice shouted in the hall. She recognised the name as that of the man she had been looking for. Putting two and one together, Easy dashed over to take the place of the man who had been on his knees. Pushing the older man back onto the desk, she took him in her mouth while bending over and lifting her skirt. Then, snapping her fingers while she wiggled her bum, the younger man got the hint and slid himself inside her and began to thrust. Just as Easy had pulled her breasts free from her clothing, the door burst open and a group of men barged in.

"Got you now, you queer piece of..." his shouted accusation trailed off as Easy withdrew her mouth to regard the intruders.

Everyone but Easy stood in confused uncertainty. Obviously, the group had intended to catch the two men together and not sharing a woman. The two men weren't sure at all if the ruse would work, but the possibility of a successful deception kept their wits together.

"Do you mind!?" Easy demanded in a huff. "I am working. If you want your turns then you can hire me after I am finished. Wait outside now!"

The men, their plan in tatters, shuffled out of the room, and the aide went to lock both doors behind them.

"Are you alright?" Easy asked the older man, as he suddenly had time to breathe. 

"I... thought it was all over..."

"I hope I was able to help. Seemed to me that hiring an Emberborn would be less scandalous than the two of you together. Sorry if I forced anything on you."

"Quite forgiven, my dear. You may have saved everything. I just don't know what to say to them now."

"If I may suggest?" Easy asked, eying the aide who rejoined them.

"Please do."

"Confess to a fascination of Emberborn. Claim that all other liaisons the two of you had involved Emberborn women, and that this case was an exception because I approached you looking for a book. Since that is the case, which others can now verify, it should be accepted. Promise to be more discreet in the future, and just be more careful. I am a professional harlot working from a ship brothel and can have a receipt made for you if you so desire. If people suggest anything else then just look at them like they are idiots."

"That could work," the aide spoke. "Yet there is a hallway of people who are still ready to accuse us."

"Well, can either of you fake a fancy for ladyfolk enough to fill that hallway with my voice?" Easy suggested with a grin.

"Wouldn't be the first time," they both replied in unison. 

Now while neither man may have particularly been interested in women, it didn't seem that way to Easy, who was enthusiastically penetrated again. Back in their original positions, each sharing an end of Easy, they held hands while doing so. However, occupying her mouth was not the best way to spread her voice. She got up and sat her bum down on the lap of the man on his desk, and felt him push inside her tight opening while his lover pushed back inside her womanhood. Easy got to moan and began to play with her breasts as the two men kissed over her shoulder. She could feel both men inside her almost touching the other, and let loose her most depraved howl of pleasure. Either they were lost in their own passion or Easy was more appealing to them than she thought, but both soon expressed their pleasure by delivering their seed inside her body. 

After a quick cleanup, Easy was handed the book she had been looking for, and given a deep but silent thanks from the man whose career she had just saved. She was let out of the offices where she faced the men who had barged in earlier.

"Well then, since you are still around, then I assume you also wish to contract my services. Who's first?" Easy asked, before launching into an explanation of pricing.

"That sounds expensive," one said flatly.

"So was the book I was given. However, since I was seeking the book for personal use, I didn't charge my full rates. Now, if I am more than any of you can afford, then I will be on my way."

****

Vile looked at the tally on the sheet as Emma laid the bills down on the counter. She had carried the purse with their money in it, but that was because nobody was going to try and steal from her. Emma had the sense to actually count it all out. She was going to need to ask someone help her learn to count with bigger numbers than what she could do with her hands. 

The clerk was baffled that the two of them, when they had brought the books, could afford to buy them. It wasn't until Easy walked in that the clerk looked up from Emma, who had offered him some cleavage while she counted. Once Vile looked up, she knew why. She hissed at Easy while grasping her own breasts. Easy looked down to realise she had forgotten to put hers away and giggled as she did so.

"Oops! Suppose that's why I was getting more looks on the way back than I did earlier."

Vile shook her head, "Have fun?"

"For as taboo as it is to fuck us, you would think it would be rarer than it is. Those men craved me like they couldn't ever get enough of any woman."

"Did you get your book?"

"Yup. You two?"

"Yup, and I think I need to learn more math to find out how expensive these things actually are."

"The plus side about this is that they stay the same price when we sell them back after we are finished with them," Emma added, still a little angry over what happened before.

"If you are still feeling annoyed, I can walk around with my breasts out and get everyone looking at me."

"Thanks, Easy, but you don't need to do that."

"Honestly, I apparently won't even notice."

Emma looked at Easy, who shrugged and blushed a bit.

"I forgot I pulled them out! It happens."

Emma snorted a laugh before chuckling to herself and smiling at Easy who had lifted her mood.

****

Cat was relieved to see Hannah and Mari pull up in a carriage. The client who was already putting his hands up her dress was more than ready to take her into a room. With Liddy in hers and Ving in another, Cat hadn't wanted to leave the lounge unattended. She waved a greeting and goodbye to Hannah the moment she was back on the ship, and left with the client.

Hannah was disappointed she didn't have the immediate chance to show off her new hair for Ving, but smiled at the approving look she had gotten from Cat in that brief moment. Kilty was guarding the door so Hannah asked to be brought up to speed.

"Liddy in her room with one, Cat with one, Ving with two, and Juno is with three. Poor thing is going to be so sore," Kilty smiled. "Only the bath is available, but no clients are currently waiting. We had nobody for a while and thensuddenly a full house. Well, full for who was here. Glad you got back though, I..."

Kilty shut up when she saw another person arrive. Hannah turned to see a pale-skinned beauty wearing a beautiful lace dress and corset. She bit her lip at the soft breasts pressing tightly against the corset's efforts to keep them contained.

"Hello and welcome. Please, make yourself comfortable. May I get you a drink?" Hannah swooned over the woman who gracefully stepped into the lounge. 

"I prefer a drink after my pleasure," she explained as she looked about the room. "I must admit, I had expected my choice to be less obvious. You are most... divine."

Hannah thrilled at the compliment and felt her body shake with anticipation of enjoying a perfectly formed woman -- such as the one who eyed her up like a predator looking to feast.

"I work hard to be ready to satisfy the highest standards. If you enjoy a hot bath as much as I do, we have one available this way." Hannah bowed coyly while showing the woman the direction of the bath.

As they walked down the hall, Hannah could hear the sound of Ving being roughly taken by her clients and begging for more. While that normally thrilled her, she couldn't bother to think of anything but the satisfaction of the flawless woman before her. She opened the door to admit the woman and followed her in. 

"Strip for me quickly," she instructed after entering, only to turn around and see Hannah already stripped out of her clothing. "Eager to serve, are we?"

"Well practised at serving, Mistress," Hannah replied.

"You may undress me now."

Hannah quickly but carefully unbound the dress and let it slide down to the floor where, after the woman stepped out of it, she picked it up to hang on the wall. Then, slowly stripping off her undergarments and placing them on the stool, she guided the woman into the warm water. With a few adjustments to the dials, the water frothed and turned with currents.

"Perfect," the woman soothed. "Present yourself for me."

Hannah leant back on the edge of the bath and let her body float up to show off her spread legs. The woman took each thigh in an arm and leant in to nuzzle between her legs. Hannah moaned in a premature climax at her very touch and whimpered when she stopped.

"A man has already satisfied himself on you today, I can smell it. So deeply do you crave satisfaction. Again."

Hannah clenched again and felt her body climax at the mere command to do so. Only after the spasm stopped did the woman return to grace Hannah with her tongue. It reached deep inside her and Hannah wondered if her tongue was like Easy's but it stopped well short. That being said, it was far deeper than every other tongue she had between her legs. As the woman did so, her nose pressed against her clit and teased it until again Hannah screamed in pleasure.

Letting Hannah's hips fall below the water, the woman embraced her and kissed deeply. Letting her head be roughly pushed into the kiss by the hand gripping her skull, Hannah took hold of the woman's breasts as they pressed into her own. This time it was the woman's chance to moan in pleasure as Hannah matched the roughness shown to herself.

"I'm going to enjoy you," she whispered into Hannah's ear during a brief break from the kiss before nipping at her neck.

****

Foxy reluctantly got off the lap of the man who had been inside her the whole trip home. The bumps in the road had made for an interesting sensation while penetrated. His hands were equally reluctant to let go of her fur-covered breasts. 

"Oh hell..." she muttered, sitting back down and working her hips hard to get him off.

He resumed his grip on her breasts and yanked on them hard to help get himself deeper in the fox. She moaned in satisfaction before he did, but kept up the pace until he was finished.

"Now will you get back to work?" Inky asked, smirking during the reprimand.

Foxy sighed and successfully parted with the man on her second try. Redressing as she stood next to the truck, she looked up when she heard Kilty call her a whore from her post at the door. She stuck out her tongue in reply. Astra was with her and smiled at the exchange. She and Hope had beaten them back to the ship. 

As the men got to work unloading the ammunition, Inky signalled to swap shifts. Foxy and the others snatched up their weapons and reported to the deck while the guard shift came down to show the men where everything went. As Inky was not specific as to what that meant, Kilty and Astra decided to come up with their own ideas of where the men could put things.

As she reached the lounge, Foxy caught a faint whiff of a strange scent. A sickly-sweet, cloying smell that faintly resembled something rotten. She quickly felt pity for whoever had the misfortune of having the man who carried the smell on top of them, sweating it out. 

Mari was in the lounge with a client on the couch, topless, on top of him as he, 'admired' her ink up close. Liddy was fetching a drink for her absent client who was still redressing in her room. They nodded and smiled at things going well.

Foxy relaxed against the wall and enjoyed the sight of Mari showing off.

****

Hannah was let up for a much-needed breath as she'd been held under the water to please the woman. Any longer would have been too much, and her deep breaths caused her chest to pleasingly draw in air. 

Watching her chest heave, the woman held Hannah's hand between her legs, feeling four fingers deep inside her. 

"Talented little harlot, are you not?"

"I am glad you think so. What am I to do next for you?"

"Get below me, as is your place, and bring me to my full."

Hannah nodded and sank into the water to sit on the bench at the tub's edge to let the woman climb over her. The woman kissed her while sliding her hand between Hannah's legs and returning the favour of four fingers. They took turns pulling on the other, letting the rhythm build as Hannah sucked on the breasts that were hanging over her. So perfect, so pale, she bit down hard on one of them, unable to contain herself. The woman screamed at the bite and Hannah felt her hand trapped between the woman's legs. She felt the whole body shake and let her teeth release from the breast as soon as she heard the strange sound of a bone-like crunch. She looked up to see the woman's face, in ecstasy, with her mouth hanging open, and the fangs that filled it. Hannah couldn't react before they were clamped on her neck, and suddenly, despite the heat of the room, she felt herself getting cold.

****

Foxy heard a strange noise that sounded like either a joint cracking or teeth grinding. There was a lot of noise on the ship but she was reasonably confident that, had anyone broken something, she would have heard the screams of agony over it.

****

Hannah felt light-headed as the woman broke her bite to kiss her blue lips. The wicked smile flashed before it went lower, to bite hard into her breasts where she was drained further still. Bite after bite into the soft mounts floating in the water, but Hannah couldn't muster the strength to whisper, let alone call for help. Soon, she realised the biting had stopped and the woman stood before her in the water. The formerly pale flesh now the colour of healthy skin as new blood flowed under it.

"I must thank you greatly for this fun. Normally things are over before I get a chance to be satisfied, but you have talent. A shame I won't be able to see you again." She stepped out of the bath and dried herself with a towel. Hannah watched her redress, sparing a glance down to see a few drops of her blood in the water.

As she left, Hannah felt a weight lift from her chest, as though simply seeing the woman sapped her will to act. A few failed breaths kept her from speaking over the sound of the water. She was fading fast.
