 With the train no longer coming to the station, The Lucky Harlot was using it as a makeshift airship dock. Hannah was on the platform helping guide the last few passengers off. The last of everyone they could get out of the city. They seemed suspicious of her at first, but she didn't mind. She knew why, and as soon as they got through the station to see their new home their outlook changed. What had been a slave breeding compound and farm had been turned into a small village. Full of freed Emberborn slaves finally having a place to call home. 

It wasn't until another airship started to land nearby that Hannah turned her attention away from the refugees. It was a much smaller personal transport, but well-built and covered in iconography. A very curious arrival, but as the landing ramp lowered and a good friend emerged, she knew it wasn't a danger. Hannah ran over to greet her friend.

"Rayvon! So good to see you again!" Hannah shouted as she ran up to plant a friendly kiss on the charming old man.

"And you my girl, how are things here?" he asked with a warm smile, trying to avoid blushing.

"Good. People are getting settled in. Confused about there not being curfew or guards posted to keep them from running. It will take them time, but I think they will figure it out. Nice ride. Whose is it?"

"That would be the Cardinal, I have a lot of good news, bad news, and interesting news. Could we maybe talk with your captain and the others?"

"Any of the bad or interesting news involve us needing to be armed or preparing for an evacuation?"

"Oh no, not at all. Everyone is safe. I just don't think either of us wants to repeat everything several times."

"Fair enough, though we should give Liddy some time. She just got back with the last group and finally has some downtime this week. If I know her, she's going to be busy for a little bit taking care of her needs."

"Oh, well. If I have learned anything from women, it's that such things should NOT be interrupted," he replied with a sly wink. "In the meantime then, we can gather up anyone else who might be about."

"Good call." Hannah returned a smile before turning to face the compound. "Foxy, gather up the group and meet on the airship in an hour."

Despite the distance, noise, and the fact that Hannah really didn't know where she was, Foxy perked up at her name and got the message. She rolled her eyes and smiled at how often everyone assumed she could hear them.

****

Liddy was finally putting the last few things back in place in her bedroom. The last trip was the smallest group all week and didn't need to overflow into her bedroom like the others. So she was able to spend her time tidying up. Annoyed that the trains refuse to take anyone else to the farm after the first group, Liddy had to ferry the bulk of them in her ship. A knock at her door preceded the entry of two of the Emberborn who had helped her so much in the past week. One, a wolf, and the other, a snake. The wolf carried the collar and leash he had been forced to wear his whole life as a slave.

"Glad to see you two no longer wearing those. Nobody deserves to wear something like that." Liddy smiled as she saw them eyeing her up and down. She felt the dull arousal she normally felt start to spark as the two men examined her.

"Actually, we were hoping you might wear it." The wolf grinned and showed off his teeth.

Liddy gasped and fell to the floor as her knees gave out as she suddenly orgasmed at the thought. She was speechless as the two men came over to her and roughly grabbed her hair and held her in place as they put the collar on. They bound it tight enough to restrict her breathing and yanked the leash when it was secure, dragging her over to the bed. Liddy moved on all fours as the snake stripped naked and the wolf roughly guided her onto the bed. Tossing the leash to his friend before taking off his own clothing, the wolf slapped Liddy on her bum. Liddy yelped at the strike and choked on it as her leash was pulled to quiet her. 

"Bitches don't wear clothes, human filth. You think you have any dignity to deserve them?" the snake hissed in a threatening tone.

Liddy stripped herself out of her dress as quickly as she could while on all fours. The snake pulled on the leash once she was naked, to bring her closer to the scaly manhood standing erect in front of her face. She licked it up and down before taking as deep a breath as she could manage while wearing the collar and put her lips around it. As Liddy tried to relax her throat enough to admit him, another strike on her bum surprised her. The surprise made her jump forward and the snake took his place in her throat. 

"That got her." The snake hissed in pleasure as he felt himself slithering in and out of the human's throat.

The wolf sniffed at the hot wetness of the human in heat before licking his long tongue over it. In response, he got to hear her whine pitifully as best as she could without a clear throat. Her hips started to move in desperate thrusts, physically begging to be thrusting against something inside her. Instead, he took the leash and yanked hard. While suddenly being able to breathe and choked by the hard pull, Liddy gasped for air as the snake gripped her breasts. Almost as she finished catching her breath -- while the snake yanked at her nipples, and the wolf slid himself between her legs without penetrating her, the snake yanked her by the hair to kiss her. Pulled one way by the hair and the other by the leash still in the wolf's tight grip, Liddy could scarcely breathe as the long snake-tongue filled her mouth. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she was finally let go to breathe again.

"Breed me, please..." she whispered hoarsely as she struggled once again to catch her breath. 

Her face down in the sheets and her bum in the air, Liddy climaxed again as a swift slap between her legs set her womanhood on fire with the sting of the strike. She was unable to recover as her reflex to close her legs after the strike was stopped by the arms forcing them open. Finally, she felt herself being penetrated and let out a long howl of pleasure. Yanked up by her hair, once again her throat was forced open by the snake, now matching his friend's violent thrusts into the human woman. With her hands free, Liddy massaged her sore breasts with one hand and between her own legs with the other. Feeling herself up and the man sliding in and out of her at the same time, Liddy watched the drops of water from her sweat and tears falling to the sheets.

The wolf growled harshly as he suddenly spun Liddy around, held in place by the two men inside her, like a pig roasting on a spit. Liddy couldn't see past the man thrusting down her throat, but the wolf loved the sight of his drool falling onto the human woman's breasts as she worked to spread it around over them. A few moments later the snake withdrew just enough for Liddy to breathe and taste the seed he was suddenly filling her mouth with. Liddy hung there, supported by her masters, while her mouth remained wide open to accept everything given to her. 

"Swallow it, human whore." he hissed.

Liddy complied and swallowed before accepting his manhood back in her mouth to make sure she sucked out the last of his precious seed. With him finished, Liddy was let down to lay her back on the bed as the wolf growled in her face, making her watch his bared teeth as his final thrusts began to inject her womb. Her body accepted his seed without choice and Liddy screamed in climax as her humiliation was almost complete. Once finished and withdrawn from her body, the wolf tossed Liddy to the floor.

"Lay there where you belong human. We are done with you for now," he growled before getting dressed and leaving.

The snake remained a moment to check on Liddy as she coughed and recovered on the floor. He kneeled next to her body.

"How do you feel?" he asked, hoping they hadn't gone too far.

Liddy weakly reached up and pulled him close for a kiss, "Perfect."

He removed the collar and leash from Liddy so she could breathe properly before getting dressed and helping Liddy into some clean clothing. As they finished she leant against him and kissed him again before letting him leave. As he did so, Liddy saw Hannah standing outside her door waiting for her.

"Some guests in the lounge decided to wait for you to finish," Hannah said with a smirk, getting a satisfied smile from Liddy in return.

****

Leira sighed loudly as she slid her naked body into the fake hot spring. She was exhausted from working and needed to relax. Not the fun work that involved getting men and/or women inside her but the kind that involved helping people and fetching things. The Emberborn had asked her questions, looked to her like she was important, acted as though she was special.

"Finally getting off your feet?" Emma asked.

"Better fucking believe it," Leira replied, as she looked up to see the only other person in the massive area that used to be full of sex.

"I know how you feel." Emma slipped her own clothes off and joined Leira in the warm water. "Everyone looking at you like some kind of leader. Sure, they are free, but they don't know how to be. They think we are some kind of experts because we were freed first."

"What's really fucking messed is that they are afraid of the humans who actually know the answers to their questions. I guess that's what happens when they break you at the market. Never could break me, Easy was born into it and lived pretty comfy from a young age, Foxy is prolly the best suited, but she's so fucking busy she can't handle everyone. That Vile woman? Damn, what a fucking beast she is! People would be terrified of her, even if none of the other stuff mattered."

"That really just leaves us. I wasn't free for long before meeting Mari and the rest of the ship. Still, anything is more than most of these people have had."

"Had to explain to a woman that she didn't need someone else to tell her what to name her child. She could do it. Another fucking problem we have to help them with is assuring them they won't get shot if they move from where we tell them they can sleep."

"I had some that ran into the forest last night, who got scared and came back this morning with their hands in the air, ready to be whipped in punishment."

"I can't handle this, Emma. I am not someone people can look up to. I don't have any fucking answers."

"Yet you have been doing it all week. A bit more abrasively than you need to sometimes, but you did it. They will figure it out eventually, and will have you to thank for helping them with their first steps."

"This never should have happened in the first place."

"No, it shouldn't. But it did. Now that it has, we have to do whatever it takes to fix it. If that means helping these people understand freedom, then fine, if it means having sex for money so we can stop more farms than fine. What people should or shouldn't have to do is irrelevant. What matters is what needs to happen to make the bad things stop. Violence, sex, money, magic -- whatever form it takes, I will be ready to do it."

"Meeting on the ship in a bit. No rush. Just come when you are done here," Foxy called from the door.

"Unless you have come to sit on my face, I ain't fucking going anywhere!" Leira called back.

Foxy paused for a moment before shrugging and stripping out of her boots. Leira smiled as the foxtail swished over her inflating breasts while Foxy got into position. Emma watched with interest as Foxy finally lowered herself onto Leia's face while kneeling at the edge of the pool. Leira held on to the fur covered bum as she pulled it into her face to taste the fox. Foxy moaned softly as she bared her breasts to tease them herself.

****

Liddy was surprised to see an old and portly man sitting in her lounge wearing holy robes. Traditionally, when the clergy visited, it was when they dressed more casually. He stood up when she entered. Next to him was a young woman who also wore holy robes; she had been standing beside his seat. She had blonde hair that was shorter than Liddy's, and had a lovely scattering of freckles over her face.

"Well this is a surprise," Liddy commented. "Welcome to my ship, though it seems unlikely that you have come for our normal business."

"Oh, I never did ask what..." he stopped after his companion winced and then whispered in his ear, causing him to blush. "Oh my, no. I mean, I am on church business."

"What might that be?" Liddy asked with a harder tone as Hannah fetched her a drink.

"Well, first things first." Rayvon interrupted. "As you know, your little campaign went far beyond what the Duke authorised. Ranging from stretching his orders to blatantly violating them. As a result, most won't be seeing jail time, but since we still ruined them financially, they will be living on the streets anyway, so it's almost as good."

"I suppose that will have to do," Hannah commented as she sat down with her own drink.

"Yes, well the good news is that it wasn't enough for the Duke to avoid getting ousted. The new Duke was one quite distant from the slave trade and had no personal loss, so he is rather grateful for your actions. The downside is that most of the court is still clamouring for some kind of compensation. However, since this land is all mine now, I have gained the title of Lord. As such, they can't really do anything directly since both the Duke and I like you."

"Congratulations." Liddy smiled with a nod as she toasted him with her drink.

"Thank you. Now, that won't stop many in the court from trying something to damage our progress, so the Cardinal here has a solution."

"Thank you," The Cardinal bowed towards Rayvon before turning to Liddy. "Now, my name is Cardinal Roth. When I heard about this whole mess, I got myself involved. You see, the church has been trying to uncover the slave trade farms for a while now. Ideally, we would like an end to the whole thing but have been forced to play an awkward hand. You stirred things up but can't protect anything yourself. So my intentions are to establish a small mission of sorts here to aid these people and provide a political blockage from outside interference."

"I have the understanding that the church decree of Emberborn having inherent sinfulness resulted in them being seen as animals to be owned and shunned." Liddy jabbed.

"That's not quite how things happened," the freckled woman spoke up. "You see, when they first showed up, they were already regarded poorly and the slave trade was making progress by the time the church commented on it. The whole reason they are considered 'sinful' was so we could decree that intimacy with them was also sinful. That's why the taboo exists. If not, there would be no social stigma against owners doing whatever they wanted. We couldn't speak out against the whole thing because nobody wanted to, and our church simply wouldn't exist right now. It was hard enough keeping control on the taboo as it is."

"Whatever it takes to bring in the worshipers and tithe, eh?" Hannah added.

"If that's all we wanted, we would have spoken up in favour of it and had a much easier time growing in power. Have you any idea how prevalent the rape of Emberborn would be if we hadn't made it taboo? Whatever it is now would be many times worse. Human women hardly have an easy time avoiding it, and that's supposedly the higher class of race. So we disguised a protective measure as a discriminatory one. Small steps towards progress over time so nobody notices until it's already done. Your raid here is the next step. A safe haven, where the church can claim to be ministering to the sinful, keeping them away from the righteous, and nobody really knowing what's going on."

"You expect us to believe the church wants to help those it shuns?" Liddy asked, unimpressed.

"The official word is that the sins of others create them, and that they themselves should be pitied. We have our own places where we care for a scattered few under the guise of reclamation or atonement. Of course, now that this place has been made public, we can openly condemn the vile sin of breeding the sinful for money. Greed alone is apparently never enough to persecute them, but sinful greed would certainly be."

"You know I quite literally sell sin, right?" Liddy asked, uncrossing her legs before re-crossing them. "With Emberborn even. So what's the difference?"

"Because I am going to be on board as insurance. The church doesn't really care about your work the way we do the slave trade. Sure, anyone of us would want you to stop, but not spare the effort to force it. The farms, on the other hand, are a different matter. Comes down to scale really, but we would be hypocritical if we prosecute them and not you. So, by being here to 'oversee the practice', the church gets to say you are dealt with while we go after the farms. That, of course, depends on if anyone asks or even notices. The primary reason is, simply, so I can respond should another farm be found. You won't have a lot of support from the ruling class in the future -- but since it's a church matter now, you won't have to."

"You think you can just claim a billet on my ship?" Liddy was turning red with anger at the implication. "I checked the law. We are a merchant vessel with no ties to the church, I don't have to allow a damn thing."

"No, you don't. You can tell us both to leave and we would," she responded. "But with regards to your apparent objectives with Emberborn, having us around will help. Me on the ship and the Cardinal on the farm."

"I can see sense on the farm, as long as none of them are harassed or required to worship for aid."

"Of course," the Cardinal agreed. "I will be most unintrusive."

"Fine, but if they ever want you gone, I want you gone," Liddy stated, getting a firm nod in return.

"Then perhaps Cardinal, you should start introducing yourself outside and get a feel for their reaction," the woman suggested.

He nodded in agreement, and bowed towards Liddy before he left with Rayvon. Once gone, Liddy cocked an eyebrow towards the woman in robes.

"I may not have told him exactly what you do. I don't think the poor man could handle that knowledge. Though it doesn't change what I said. If anyone gives you trouble over any sinfulness, I can cover you. Find new farms or even just cases of bad treatment, I can help."

"The only women on this ship who don't sell their bodies for me are working in my engine room. Assuming I need your help, you are going to be dead weight the rest of the time."

"Well, I don't think that's a hard price to pay for what I can do for you. That being said, I don't mind being put to better use for you?"

"What?" Liddy and Hannah asked in a tone that suggested they really might not have heard her right.

"I mean, when I heard there needed to be someone to live on a ship full of harlots, my hand shot right up before anyone asked for volunteers. Actually, it was embarrassing being the only hand up with that much excitement."

"Let's be clear then." Liddy set down her drink and leant forward. "You want to be paid for sex while on my ship?"

"No, that would be greedy and sinful."

"Oh, I see," Liddy said with some confusion. 

Hannah pretended to be distracted and not at all paying attention to what was just said.

"I mean, you can charge whoever, whatever. I just don't want to be paid for it myself."

Liddy opened her eyes wide and began to smirk, "A beautiful clergywoman I can charge men to be with and not have to pay? I think you just tipped the scales in your favour miss..."

"Hope, Sister Hope. Believe it or not, that really is my given name."

"Just what do you get out of this then? I mean, if you aren't getting paid," Hannah asked, suddenly eyeing up the new blonde girl.

