 He waved to Liddy as she walked through the station to get back on the ship. She paused and turned to face him, a smile lighting up on her face.

"Well, it's good to see you again."

"And you," he replied. "I wasn't sure you would remember me."

"You drove the carriage that brought me back to my ship when I brought Leira home in her water tank."

The man who was part elephant may not have been able to blush, but he was touched that he wasn't the only one who remembered. "Thank you, for all of this. When I saw what happened and how you acted, I figured you might be someone who could help if I, or someone I cared about, needed it. Thinking it would save a person or two. Certainly not quite something so grand as all this."

"I will admit that I didn't go looking for this. But once it had happened, I couldn't just leave. How are you dealing with it?"

"Quite well. I'm one of the oldest here, so people seem to be looking to me ever since word got out that you were leaving."

"I wish we could stay longer, but we have done what we can and need to let you find your way. Also, the politics of the situation make staying a bad idea."

"Don't worry about us. We will be fine now. If you find anymore Emberborn, send them our way."

"We will for sure."

Liddy offered a warm embrace as she said her goodbyes. Finally getting back on the ship, she gave the order for Ving to get them in the air. In the lounge she found Easy laying on top of Mari, letting her wings flutter, as they kissed. Surprisingly still wearing clothing, they simply were enjoying each other's company. Cat was tidying up with the soldiers, since the mess left behind by the refugees was everywhere. Liddy let her work, happy that the former noble was working hard to earn her place. Cat didn't really have anything to prove but wasn't going to stop someone from being productive. In her own room, Liddy found Vile making her bed.

"Thanks for the clean sheets. But you are only responsible for your own bed. Though it occurs to me that we might need to revisit sleeping arrangements."

"Well, I have been sharing with Inky and she keeps that thing immaculate. Part of being a soldier, I suppose," Vile shrugged with a smile. "Though it is a bit short for me, my hooves hang off the bottom."

"Actually, I think she..." Liddy trailed off. "Or rather, I need to call a meeting."

Vile was curious about what Liddy stopped herself from saying and followed her back into the lounge. Liddy picked up a bell she had gotten her hands on at the farm, and began to ring it out down the stairs so everyone below would hear. Soon enough, everyone but the engine room girls came into the lounge. Mari and Easy saw no reason to interrupt their make out session.

"Alright, time again to revisit the sleeping arrangements. Vile and Hope need a place to sleep, and I am running out of room. Anyone unhappy who needs to switch?"

"Cat fucking snores," Leira blurted out.

"I do not It just sounds louder because that tub you sleep in," Cat responded.

"Exactly. It's fucking loud enough to rock a cast-iron tub."

"Alright," Liddy interrupted. "Emma, you are the only one alone in a room. Who do you want to bunk with? Should they just be told to suck it up and be grateful that snoring is their biggest problem while you make friends with one of the new girls?"

Emma smiled. "I'm a quiet sleeper. Plus I know how to handle Leira."

"Yeah, you fucking do," Leira commented suggestively. 

"Done," Liddy stated to cut off any further dialogue. "Now, Hope, you can bunk with Cat or me. I originally set up a small bed for myself in my room in case I didn't want to sleep in the bed I worked in. If having to kill someone in it isn't enough to stop me then nothing will. So, while it's too small for Vile to fit, it's there for you if you want it."

"Private bed all this time, and you say nothing as the rooms fill up. We finally get a holy girl on board and you mention it. Interesting..." Hannah gave a suspicious glare at Liddy while cocking a wry smile.

"Hush you, I'm not doing this to sleep with her."

"Right, you don't have sex with women who work for you."

"I said hush! I still remember the fantasy land where I kept things professional, and if I choose to live there, then I can."

"Of course you can live there, Liddy. You will just be doing it with a holy girl in bed with you."

Liddy flung one of the pillows at Hannah, who didn't stop grinning even after it hit her in the face. "The choice is yours Hope."

"Well, since I need to make friends on this ship, I think I will stay in your room. Hannah gets to keep teasing you so that helps me with her. And having sex with the captain will take care of you."

"We won't be having sex, Hope," Liddy declared before getting a round of suspicious glances from every other woman in the lounge -- including Mari and Easy, who finally stopped kissing to do so. "You are all fired. Get off. No landing first."

The girls laughed as Liddy blushed and Emma spoke up. "This mean the ship's name gets changed to 'Denial'? Because that's what you are living in."

Liddy rolled her eyes and sighed as she waited for the girls to quiet down. "So, when we get to the capital..." Liddy started, hoping to bring their attention to the exciting prospect. "We need to see a lot of clients to make up for the downtime we had. So let's get this place looking spiffy and ready to entertain. Hop to it!"

As the women dispersed and Easy begrudgingly got off of Mari to help clean up. Inky took Vile by the hand and led her down the stairs. The powerfully built woman could barely fit down the staircase but managed as she held Inky for support. Finally down, Inky got on the balls of her feet to make herself tall enough to kiss Vile. Gripping the woman tightly she returned the kiss. While Vile might have been worried about what Liddy might have avoided saying earlier, she was much more at ease now. The kiss broke as she relaxed and let Inky down.

"I needed that."

"I could tell. Now let me show you something." Inky brought her to her room and opened the door.

Inside was almost entirely bedding, the rest of the furniture had been removed or attached high up on the wall. Vile crawled in and laid on her back to look at Inky in the doorway. Looking down at her hooves, she could see they didn't reach the end and wondered how much effort Inky had put into rigging everything on the walls or rebuilding the bed inside without her knowing. Vile gasped trying to hold back tears. She failed as she smiled at Inky, who stepped onto the bed and closed the door behind her. Slowly she started to strip out of her uniform and hang it on the ceiling hooks, her head barely below. Vile watched as the tan-skinned woman stood naked over her. 

"Do you like?" Inky asked. As she turned slightly to take a sexy pose that showed off her bum.

Vile was about to thank her for the bed when she saw what was on her lover's well-toned ass. It was a heart shape, but the heart had horns and a pair of tails, just like hers. Vile wondered when she had gotten it done and why she hadn't been paying enough attention to Inky's ass to notice. 

"I love it," Vile replied.

She bent her knees to give Inky something to hold on to as she straddled her body, facing away, to give her a closer view. Vile admired the sight of the tattoo as well as the bare back of the woman on top of her. Her tails were already caressing Inky, who took one of them into her mouth to tease it with her tongue. 

"I always wondered if..." Vile started, before feeling Inky bite down on her tail.

"Well, now you have your answer. But I will happily repeat it whenever you need me too. Just don't ever think you need to wonder about it again."

"If you say so." Vile smiled as Inky looked back at her. "Though I am wondering how you are going to make the bed to your usual standards when you have no choice but to stand on it."

Inky laughed as she turned her whole body to face Vile, stripping the cloth still covering the massive red breasts, "Very carefully." 

Vile flinched as Inky pinched her nipples tightly in her fingers. She responded by wrapping her tails around the breasts before using the tips of her tails on the nipples. Inky moaned as her nipples were toyed with while she did the same with her hands on Vile. Leaning forward, pressing their breasts together, Inky gripped Vile by her horns as she kissed her again. 

"I think these things are getting bigger," Inky stated after the kiss as she played with the horns.

"They haven't grown for years. Not since I first got them anyway," Vile replied, sliding her tails down to caress Inky's new tattoo before exploring deeper.

"They are bigger, by at least the width of my..." Inky stopped the moment she felt a tail push inside her and wriggle about. "Oh, fuck, that's good. But the horns are bigger by the width of my thumb. I counted the little ridges on them and there are three more there than when I counted the first time."

"I don't know why they would suddenly start growing," Vile reached up to meet Inky's hands on her horns to examine for herself.

After inspecting her horns, Vile took Inky's hands in her own and watched as she used them to leverage herself against the tail penetrating her. She could feel her tail being moved by the thrusting hips that contained the tip. The other tail wrapped around Inky at the waist to feel herself through her lover's flesh. Vile felt drops of sweat land on her bare breasts as she watched them run off of Inky's. Working her sensitive tail in and out of Inky as she thrust her hips took timing that got harder to focus on as she lost herself to the pleasure. Inky moaned and screamed as suddenly she covered the tail inside her with her climax. Vile felt the fluid running down her tail and let Inky lay on her chest to relax for a moment.

"I was never allowed to please myself with my tails. He said only his body mattered and I shouldn't bother with it. I remember thinking then how useless my tails were. Men didn't want them, even if I was allowed to be with one. So I knew, even if I was free, they would just be a reminder of how imperfect I was."

"Then you discovered women."

"All the things I imagined doing to myself, I had to learn to be a bit more gentle with it but my tails are making up for lost pleasure."

"Speaking of lost pleasure," Inky pulled the tail out of her body and began to lick it before taking it into her mouth again.

Vile moaned as Inky began to suck on it hard and fast, treating it like a man's cock until she burst with pleasure. However, instead of spurting fluid from her tail as a cock would have, it came from the same place as Inky's. She put her free tail inside herself as Inky continued to play with the one in her mouth. Then, after a few deep thrusts in herself, she pulled out to push inside Inky, who moaned as she felt the two tails in either end of her. Inky looked down at Vile and took a deep breath before nodding. 

Vile smiled as she thrust both tails deeper, one coiling inside her belly, trying not to push painfully deep, while the other went down her throat, deeper than any man had ever penetrated. Rapidly flexing and relaxing her tails, Vile smiled as Inky couldn't breathe during her second climax that shook her body. Vile pinched Inky by the nipples and continued the assault on her body, even after her face began to change colour. Again Inky climaxed. Vile withdrew her tail from her throat so Inky could gasp for air as she tried to scream.

The coughing gags that came after the sight of Inky's throat contracting as the tail withdrew was enough to send Vile into another climax of her own. She shivered against the body of the woman now laying limp on top of her, struggling for air. Slowly withdrawing her tail from between Inky's legs, Vile wrapped her arms around her for a tight embrace. 

"Do we have to help clean up the ship now?" Vile asked, playfully lamenting the work.

"You can. I have to figure out how to make the bed again," Inky replied after getting enough air to speak.

They laughed and Inky coughed at the effort, her throat not quite up to the challenge.

****

A few days later, Ving was trying not to choke on her own rage. "What do you mean turn around?!"

"I mean the city is closed and locked down," replied a voice on the radio. "Do not approach or you will be fired upon."

"This is a merchant vessel, not a warship! Our intentions weren't hostile until you decided to be an obstinate little shit!"

"Ma'am, there is a manhunt underway and no opportunity for escape can be allowed."

"Our ship will be docked for at least a week, nobody is escaping, and if this person does come aboard, we will beat the shit out of them like I am contemplating doing to you!"

"Is being fired upon really more preferable to travelling to Salt?"

"Getting fired upon is what happened the first time we tried going to Salt. We have a patched hole in the hull to prove it! If you are going to threaten me, you little shit, then find a threat that's worse than the alternative!"

The line was quiet for a moment as Liddy walked in to see Ving red in the face with the handset in her hands. She placed a hand on Ving's shoulder and took the handset with the other. 

"Ma'am, I've been ordered to offer your ship a wave of docking fees for your eventual return, if you leave now and come back when the lockdown is lifted."

Liddy looked at Ving and reassured her with a smile as she pressed the button to let Ving talk.

"Fine, turning about. But if we come back and have to pay a single thing for docking I will hunt you down and..." Ving was cut off as Liddy released the button.

"So, not going to the capital today?" Liddy asked cheerfully.

Ving grunted in anger trying to compose herself. "Some kind of manhunt going on, a lockdown, and the radio op is an asshole."

"Alright then, I guess we are going to Salt after all. Given that we have gone quite a distance, then we should be able to approach the city without going over the battle lines. I will inform the crew. Once things are set on course, go de-stress."

Liddy closed the door to the bridge and was about to go down the stairs when Hannah came up.

"I heard an angry Ving yelling. I thought you were better with your tongue than that."

Liddy rolled her eyes. "It wasn't my fault, though she might need a rather intense effort to calm down. Apparently, she didn't get along with the guy on the radio telling us to turn around. Lockdown for a manhunt of some kind. So we are going to Salt instead."

"Oh, not sure how I feel about that. That's where all the soldiers I killed came from."

"Well, I can respect your decision if you don't want to work there. Though I think you would be sexually exhausted anyways after all the effort you will need to calm down Ving. That girl is seriously worked up. Get that vibrating thing and use it on her once the course is set. Don't let up until she's as docile as a kitten."

"Cute, cuddly, and ready to pounce? I can do that." Hannah smiled turning away to fetch the toy while Liddy followed to tell whoever else she could find about the change in plans.

****

The trip to Salt was an annoying detour that took more time out of working but eventually, they arrived and did so without crossing any battle lines. It quickly became obvious that their ship wasn't the only one forced to divert. The main docks were full and many ships were birthed out in the fields. However, Liddy wasn't going to accept that since the people living closest to the fields would not be her clients. She put Cat on the radio, and within an hour, an old friend of hers offered his private dock for their use. Upon landing, an older gentleman stood waiting eagerly. 

"Who's that?" Liddy asked as Cat fixed her dress and squeezed her breasts to make sure they pushed out as much as possible.

"Old rival of my father's. They fought all the time, and one night he had to suffer the indignity of staying at our estate. Had one of the maids take him to my room for the night, where he was just about asleep when I arrived to undress for bed. He thought he was in the wrong room and was fumbling for an excuse when I told him he was where I wanted him... or almost where I wanted him." Cat gave Liddy a sly smile.

"I suppose staying at the estate never bothered him so much after that then?"

"Not at all. In fact, he started acting ridiculously friendly to my father, who had made the invitation permanent when he thought it bothered him. My father thought he was just doing it to get under his skin, sort of like, trying to 'out tolerate' the other. Father had no idea his rival was dicking his little girl."

"And now?"

"I get to tell him my father is ruined. He will like to think about that as I pay the 'docking fees'."

"Well, I will reimburse you for that. Thank you for getting us in the 'rich people's' quarter."

"My pleasure," Cat said, just before getting out the door after landing, as the ramp was lowered by Kilty and Juno.

Cat ran into the arms of the man and planted a solid kiss on the lips as her breasts pressed into his chest. He smiled after the kiss and they spoke for a moment before Liddy joined them on the dock.

"This is my Captain, Liddy." Cat said by way of introduction.

"Well met, Captain. I am Lord Lanzon," he said with a proper bow as he took Liddy by the hand and kissed it.

"A pleasure to meet you, sir, I am most grateful for your generous offer of your private dock."

"Most welcome. I had noticed all the ships, but didn't think it was quite so crowded."

"Indeed. But thanks to you, we don't have to park a whole city away from our clients. I hope you don't mind the foot traffic on your property."

"Not at all. Rather this will make me quite popular. Plus, it affords me another opportunity to find out the kind of woman little Cat has become."

Liddy wondered how much he knew about all the other men his little Cat had spread her legs for before, during, and after his little time with her, but figured he didn't need to be told. After a few more pleasantries, the Lord guided the ladies to the merchant hall where Liddy posted their services and location. The whole time he discreetly, at least in his mind, touched and groped Cat. That being said, Cat seemed to be enjoying herself. Liddy talked with a few people at the hall, convincing them she was really selling sex. By the time they arrived back at the ship, Hannah was hanging out at the bar. Liddy was pleased to see her taking inventory rather than drinking it.

"Need a restock do we?" Liddy asked as Cat went off with her friend to a work room.

"Yeah, couldn't do it while transporting people, and considering all that was going on, we couldn't really cut anyone off. Should be enough for a short while but I can go pick up some good stuff and have the more generic drink delivered. Still not comfortable working these people so I might as well do something."

"I appreciate that. Grab as much as you think you will need from the lock box and bring back the receipt. If you need to talk, though, I would be happy to listen."

"Thanks, I will be fine."

"Alright then. Buy some groceries while you are out as well."

While Hannah got some money out of the lockbox, Cat was getting her old friend out of his trousers. Standing over her, he watched as she pulled him free and ran her tongue along his stiffening member. He smiled at the familiar sight of seeing her on her knees with her cleavage on display in her fine dress. Unfamiliar to him was her ability to part her lips and allow him to slide all the way down her throat. He gasped in surprised pleasure as her lips touched the base of his manhood without her eyes ever breaking contact. Her tongue moved in her mouth around his flesh, and he grunted at her to stop before he lost himself so soon. Cat slowly withdrew and planted a kiss on his tip before speaking.
