 Ving smiled at the man as he left, and blew him a kiss as he looked back at her. Turning to see Liddy behind the bar, she went over for a drink. 

Liddy served her a shot of something and asked, "Getting into the spirit of things?"

"I have no idea why, but, today for some reason I am craving it. I mean, normally it's just whatever, a job that's sometimes fun. It's just today I can't get enough of it. Four clients already and I am aching for more. I've never wanted it this bad. Not ever."

"Welcome to the base level every other woman on this ship lives at." Liddy smiled.

"I always had a hard time understanding how Hannah or anyone could really enjoy it so often, but it's like someone flipped a switch in my head. Now, it suddenly makes sense. I want to grab another client and have him inside me the moment one finishes with me. What happened?"

"I think, whatever good being on this ship and having good friends and a lover like Hannah has been doing to you is finally having an effect."

"I always figured that sex was just a thing people did to feel good, but until Hannah, I never felt the rush of pleasure from it. Then today, I am feeling the rush every time."

"Glad to hear it. Sometimes things are like that. Go through life thinking one thing then suddenly something clicks and it's a whole new world."

"Exactly. The first client I was with, I didn't have to think of Hannah to get myself in the mood. Just knowing I was going to be having sex with him was enough. Then having him put me on the bed and sliding inside set my mind on fire. Each thrust making me feel so good, the noises I made were no longer just to turn him on. I was really feeling it and just couldn't contain myself."

"What about Hannah?"

"Oh, she's always going to be something special, but now I imagine her with men and it's turning me on. I want to have a man take us both at the same time, or a group of men. Knowing how much she really enjoys having men inside her, now I think I am going to enjoy her in a whole new light."

"Well, we have some new arrivals. Go have fun."

Ving turned to see a man in a fine suit. After getting her hand out from the front of her pants, she went over to greet him. Beside him was another man covered in beige fur and with indistinct features that made it hard to tell what kind of animal he partially was. 

"Well now, this is a lovely greeting. I hope it is alright if my herald remains on board." The man seemed ready to dismiss the Emberborn servant if he was unwelcome.

"He is most welcome to remain," Ving replied, looking for one of the Emberborn girls. "Vile?" she called softly.

Vile came up the stairs, having retreated down there when nobody seemed interested in hiring her and because she didn't want to scare off customers. Both men's eyes opened wide when they saw her. 

"As you can see, we are not unfamiliar with accommodating anyone. How may I accommodate you?" Ving asked.

"Well, I would like to avoid deciding for a moment until I... oh wow." he mumbled after trailing off due to Mari walking in wearing only her lingerie.

"My good friend Mari would be an excellent choice," Ving explained with disappointment in her voice.

He turned back to Ving with a look of surprise, "My dear, I don't think any woman has sounded so disappointed at the idea of not taking me to bed. I wasn't aware I was ever quite so desirable."

"Sometimes the spark of desire just flares into a flame the moment you lay eyes on it."

"Well, I do have a difficult choice then, don't I?"

"That depends. If you have enough money, you don't need to make a choice at all."

His eyes widened again and then suddenly looked to Liddy, who had finished scrawling on a small chalkboard the price for both girls and held it up to show him. He nodded and gestured to his herald to pay her. As he did so he took Ving by the hand, who was waving Mari over. Just as both girls were leading him away he looked back for a moment.

"Feel free to spend some of that on yourself, or rather the lady," he said, indicating Vile.

Vile smiled and picked up on how uncomfortable the herald was, "Don't worry. It would be nice to have a simple conversation if you prefer. Don't be shy." Vile took him by the arm and guided him down the stairs.

As the awkward couple headed down the steps, the lustful trio entered into the bath workroom. The client was only left wondering what to do for a moment before Mari came in for a kiss as she started to undo his jacket and shirt. As hands unfastened his trousers, he knew where Ving was putting her attentions. As soon as she had him free, Ving wrapped her lips around his stiffening shaft and let out a desperate moan that surprised Mari who was enjoying the hands on her breasts. Ving stripped herself quickly while keeping her mouth full after getting the clothing off the client. Then, naked, she crawled backwards on the floor to lead the man into the bath with her mouth still on his manhood. Only when he sat down in the water did she let him go. Not to be without him inside her, she straddled him and felt him slide deep inside her body. The four men who had done so already having not satisfied her. Mari straddled him as well and enjoyed having her breasts in his face for his mouth to play with. Behind her, she could feel Ving grinding her hips and pressing her breasts into her back. Ving reached one arm around Mari's waist and gripped the edge of the bath with the other.

Mari gasped as Ving started to bite her in the neck and wondered what had gotten her so frisky. She nudged her to get off the client so she could have a turn and got a plaintive moan from Ving before she moved. Mari felt him slide inside and felt Ving's hand already between her legs to feel the client moving in and out of her. The pressure on her body from Ving's hand let Mari feel the penetration to a higher degree, and she moaned out loud as she turned her head. Ving saw her head turned and leant in to kiss, sliding her wet breasts over Mari's back. Their client grunted in satisfaction at watching the two women as their tongues penetrated each other's mouths. Ving pulled her backwards and the client stood up to keep himself inside her as she floated away. Holding Mari by the hips and thrusting into her as she reached out to hold onto the opposite edge of the bath, he enjoyed the sight of Ving putting her breasts in Mari's face while playing with the ink-covered breasts before her.

It wasn't long before he grunted, "Oh, so soon, where do I?"

He pulled out of Mari a bit worried, and Ving rushed in to wrap her mouth around him just as he let go. Ving moaned in pleasure as she felt him fill her mouth with his hot seed. Mari was already working a pair of fingers inside her friend and herself, quickly earning a muffled scream from Ving who climaxed just as she finished swallowing the last few drops from the client.

"Thank you so much," Ving gasped as she came down from her orgasm.

"Well, I must say that this was certainly worth the price," he sat back in the bath on one of the seats.

"Not over yet, sir," Mari smiled as she swam closer to put her hand around his manhood to play softly with it.

"Most men are done when they finish but you paid for us both," Ving added her hand to Mari's as they both got close and placed their breasts on his chest.

"I'm not sure I can go again so soon," he stammered.

"We can wait, we have time, let us know when you are ready," Mari began to kiss Ving again who returned the favour.

The two women, while keeping at least one hand between them on the client, began to work towards Mari getting a climax of her own.

****

Hannah was having a bitch of a time finding a gun shop that hadn't been cleaned out by the military buying up all the ammunition. Eventually, she found the one shop that seemed to have the connections to avoid having their stock pillaged. Even so, the shelves seemed rather empty, no doubt because it was the only shop left in town with inventory left.

"Well, isn't this a surprise. A gun shop with guns in it," Hannah remarked as she looked around.

"Ah yes, good for business, assuming the person taking your stock is paying for it as well. What can I get for you, my lovely girl?"

Hannah smirked. "I need rounds for my trench gun, normal and specialist, every kind there is. Also, some extra ammo drum magazines to hold them in. Then the same selection of rifle rounds. Here is a list with the calibres."

He took the list from Hannah and cocked an eyebrow. "Oh, and here I thought I was going to sell a tiny little pistol to a woman wanting something to hide up her dress."

Hannah rolled her eyes as she looked away to examine the shop. "I suppose you can give me something to put up my dress. But it better be a comfortable holster. Last one I tried to wear chafed and left a rash."

"I see..." He paused to contemplate the mixed signals. "Let me show you."

Hannah would have loved to spend time getting the ruggedly handsome gunsmith up her dress but still didn't feel right about it. His jovial mood didn't seem forced so it was likely he hadn't lost anyone, but it was entirely possible that he had sold the weapons that killed the men she had had under her command and inside her body. So she let him enjoy the view as she strapped a surprisingly lacy holster around her thigh after lifting more of her dress than she really needed to. She filled out the delivery slip for the bulk of the ammo to be sent later. Thankfully he had plenty in stock. As she was practising her quick draw on the thigh holster, she aimed at some pictures on the wall. As her eyes focused she lowered her gun and went over to stare at the familiar image.

"Ah yes, the new weapon we are using. Amazing, isn't it?" he asked, getting a bit too close as he did.

"I heard it got blown up the first time it got used. Also, the chief engineer killed. Not very amazing if it doesn't work."

Hannah felt his hand leave her hips as she rebuffed his attempt at impressing her. She wasn't sure how much of her actions in the trenches got around to the civilians, but the spider-bot she was looking at was terrifying enough that she wanted people to think it was too useless to bother with.

"That would be news to me."

"Who took the picture? Maybe they know the truth?" Hannah asked, trying to sound more interested in the photographer than the gunsmith.

"Oh... that's the local weirdo. Real loner type. The only reason I have this is because I was nice to the guy once and he thinks we are close friends."

"Then perhaps I should go be friendly. Skill like that should be rewarded. Thank you for your help. I will send the rest of the payment with your delivery men."

Hannah walked out of the gun shop with an address on a slip of paper, leaving the man with a sudden need to gratify himself in private. 

****

Downstairs on the ship, Vile was with the herald in the loading area, trying her best to be friendly. Something seemed to be bothering him, and for once Vile though that the problem might not be her.

"What's wrong?" she asked simply, not sure of what to guess.

"I haven't been with a woman since my wife was sold at the market," he confessed with some difficulty.

"Oh, I am sorry to hear that. How long ago?"

"Years. My master has claimed to be willing to purchase her if we find her, but no luck."

"Foxy? Is someone free?" Vile asked at the stairs.

The man sat confused for a moment before Astra came down, "Yes, Vile?"

"Could you radio the farm from this distance?"

"Depends on a lot of things, but it should be possible."

"Then let's call in, and see if she's there."

Vile lead the herald to the bridge, where after some exchanges they got their answer. The herald was disappointed that his wife wasn't at the farm, but also relieved she hadn't been involved in the forced breeding.

"Thanks for checking. It was foolish to have bonded with anyone at the market like that."

"How long were you with her?"

"Only a few weeks, I was purchased a month after her. By then she had been traded a few times and my master couldn't track her down. I appreciate his efforts. It was far more than any other human would have done."

After they went back downstairs, Vile lead him into her bedroom, "I share this room with a woman I just met and fell in love with. So I know a bit of what made you dive right in like that."

"Does she go with other men while you wait?"

"Yes, and I will be with men as well. Like yourself. I'd be happy to please you. I doubt your wife would begrudge you some happiness and pleasure."

"I'm not sure I am comfortable with that. I mean, you are very beautiful..." he choked on his words, trying not to sound like he was insulting her.

Vile shrugged off her robes to reveal her breasts, "Well, thank you. They are yours to enjoy if you want."

"I... don't think that..."

"I can see from your pants that you are thinking just fine. Let me help you with that."

Vile crawled over to him, losing the rest of her robe in the process, and put her hands between his legs to feel him swell in her hands. She used her tails to help her remove his trousers after undoing them, and smiled as his erect manhood stood tall. Slowly she straddled him, shushing him when he tried to object and lowered herself onto him. Feeling a man inside her was a relief to Vile. Inky was having them put inside her so now they were even. She felt him sliding deeper and loved it, despite that Vile was able to accommodate a great deal more inside her body. Careful not to crush him with her bulky frame, she pushed him down on the bed and rubbed her breasts on his face as she bounced her hips to feel him rapidly penetrate her. Her tails twitched in the air and she felt his hands pushing against her hips. He may have been trying to push her off but she just kept going until she felt him grunt and fill her body with his fluids. Vile wondered if Inky was often filled by men without her own satisfaction. 

"I see you liked that. We have more time to go again. You want to be on top, or should I keep you where you are inside me?"

"Please, I shouldn't be doing this. I can wait upstairs for my master," he replied weakly.

"That's no fun. Besides, we don't need to wait for humans. We are our own masters, and you need to know that they can't tell you what to do. Now, enjoy my breasts, I like them bit and sucked on. They will get you hard again."

Vile felt him soften inside her, but kept her hips slowly grinding against him to stimulate the sensitive head with her womanhood as his seed leaked out of her. She felt his reluctant attentions on her breasts begin and moaned with pleasure. He lacked the talent of Inky, but the thought of her playing with breasts that a man had handled and licking between her legs to taste the seed of a man who had put it there made Vile shiver with anticipation. She pushed a tail inside herself to keep the pressure on until her man was once again ready to put a load inside her.

****

Hannah felt strange having left a man she would have loved to take her bent over a display case or something. Wouldn't have had to pay for the fine little piece now strapped to the inside of her thigh. The problem was that she simply had no sex drive since she came to the city. She wondered if that's how Ving felt all the time. Of course thinking of Ving suddenly spiked her drive, and she was torn between going back to the ship and getting some love and finding the photographer. She concluded she was normal as always, just not in the mood for the people of the city, for now. 

The address on the paper lead her down an alleyway that most women might have feared to walk down. 

In behind the larger buildings was a small shack with a door. On it was the street numbers carved into the wood. 

Hannah knocked but got no answer. Testing the latch, she discovered it to be locked. The alley led to the next street, so she returned to the publicly travelled road and looked about. Given the man's description, Hannah was certain he would stick out. Of course, any man hanging from a street lamp with a spinning contraption in his hands would have stuck out anywhere. Hannah walked over to him and looked closely at what he was holding. It was a box with a spinning crank that had what looked like a sniper's scope running through it. The man peered through one end and aimed at whatever with the other as he cranked it.

"Excuse me, sir, I loved your photos," Hannah stated, before repeating herself again when it seemed like he couldn't hear her.

He turned around after her third attempt to get his attention, but kept his eye to the scope and cranking the box, "You! From the trenches!"

He stopped cranking the box to look at her directly with his eyes. After a few moments of silence, he clambered down off the street light a bit too fast and fell. 

Never one to be slow to act, Hannah dashed forward to catch the man's box device. He hit the ground with a thud but twisted to look up, only to relax when he saw his equipment was safe. Hannah knew the type of man well -- too obsessed with their art to care about themselves. It wasn't a long fall anyways. She helped him to his feet and handed his precious box back.

"Thank you, I was worried you were going to catch me instead."

"I've been around enough sensitive gear to know that some things can't survive a fall as well as a person can. Also, you look like the obsessive type and I didn't want you angry about it."

"Ah yes, I do get that way. But you are an exception. I mean, you are the woman from the trenches, right?"

Hannah moved her hair to show off her scar, "I didn't get this from a shitty barber."

"Oh my, I am so sorry you got hurt. Would you like to see my pictures of you?"

"Yes," Hannah replied, before considering how unusually odd it felt for someone to have images of her.

He led her back down the alleyway and unlocked the door before leading her inside. While the outside looked like it belonged in a slum, the inside was a photo gallery kept immaculate in the way only an obsessed person could accomplish. The stink of chemicals filled the air as Hannah looked at all the photos she could while following the man. Mostly of people who seemed confused at being told to stand in one place while he aimed a box at them. From what Hannah could remember, cameras were not strictly common, so some might not know what they were at all. 

"What kind of camera is that you are using?" she asked.

"Oh, it is my own invention. You see, newer cameras can take pictures faster so I made one that uses a whole roll of film to take pictures as I crank so that I am left with a reel of pictures. I just need to treat it and then I can project it with light on a wall in series so that it looks like it's moving."

"Moving pictures?" Hannah was surprised, to say the least.

"Well, not really. Just it looks that way when I show it. The battle was the first time I used it. Would you like to see it?"

"Yes!" Hannah shouted quickly. "Sorry, I didn't mean to shout. I just got really excited."

"Oh, I get that way as well," he explained with a weird smile.

He retrieved some containers that were round and flat, and began to fiddle with a machine like the one he had been using on the street. Only this one was shining a light on the wall. Hannah sat in a seat he gestured her to use and watched as suddenly an image was on the wall. It was a still of some of the trenches, but when she heard him start to crank the shaft it changed. At first, it blinked as a new image appeared until it changed fast enough to actually appear to move. She watched in amazement as soldiers began to move on the wall. Colour was absent and everything was in a sepia shade but suddenly the view changed to aim at the sky where she saw a zeppelin dropping bombs and an airship emerged from the fog. She watched in stunned silence as she saw her ship take a hit, almost on its side from the sharp turn, and suddenly the speck falling from it that she knew was herself.
