 Changing into something more revealing than what she had been wearing while off the ship, Hannah mused at how exciting it would be to have images taken of herself. 

Ving was brushing her hair in between attempts to style it just right. She had decided to wear her leather jacket but nothing underneath and pull her pants down for the photo. 

Hannah sat on the armoire in front of Ving and pushed her head between her legs. As Ving took the hint and put her tongue to work, Hannah started working on the green hair. Brown roots were starting to show and wasn't sure if Ving should recolour it. Hannah heard a knock on the door and invited the caller in.

"Things are set up in Liddy's room if..." Juno trailed off as she entered.

Hannah saw how she was immediately turned on watching Ving moving her head between her legs and smiled.

"So, when you are ready..." Juno tried to finish.

"We will be there soon," Hannah responded, happy to let Juno watch as long as she wanted.

Tearing herself away, Juno smiled with a salute and left them in their room.

"That must mean we are taking too long," Ving said as she looked up at Hannah.

"Your hair is done. Quit fiddling with it and it will be fine." Hannah pushed Ving away as she got up.

"You don't taste like you have had any fun today. Shame. I love it when I know you had some action," Ving smiled as she began to powder her nose.

"Haven't been in the mood to have anyone from this city." Hannah sighed as she pulled on some red lace underwear. "How about you? Nothing uncomfortable, I hope."

"Actually the opposite!" Ving announced excitedly. "It's like everything finally clicked and I'm actually enjoying sex. I can finish with one client and be excited for the next. I mean, I still think of you, but I can get off just on my own with the man. Is that what it's supposed to be like?"

Hannah smiled as she sighed in relief. "I'm so happy for you. Yes, I mean, it's normal for the women on this ship anyways. Not counting my current feelings while in the city, I am always like that. What do you think changed? You sort of simply did it out of weary resignation before."

"I don't know. Just that seeing my first client here turned me on without having to think of you or psych myself up. I can remember not enjoying sex before, but now I wonder why I thought it was so bad. I really can't tell."

"You finally figured out that sex is meant to bring you pleasure. Not just something you do for others. When we first met, I figured you did it because you thought 'that's just how it is' or 'this is required of me'. It was a conditioned fear response. I see it in the military a lot when people deal with terrible things. They just start acting in some way that they see as protecting themselves. Fixing it is never easy. It's not enough to remove you from the situation, and sometimes it can't be fixed. Though sometimes some people just wake up someday and their brains have worked it all out. Seems like yours has done that."

"Well, I think you were key in that. I suppose Liddy as well for making me work on the ship as a pilot and offering to let me see clients. Everyone else for being..." Ving was cut off as she touched her eyes to stop any tear from ruining her makeup.

"Yes, my dear. You had a lot of help and will always have that help for anything else you need it for." Hannah helped with a kerchief. "I look forward to finding out what kind of woman you are without all that pain to weigh you down."

"So far I have learned that I am a horny bitch. Not sure if I would have been without all the sex, but I like being this w..."

Hannah cut her off by putting her hand between Ving's legs and pressing hard, "My horny bitch."

"Oh yes..." Ving moaned.

****

Liddy lay on her bed, still and unmoving. Her belly on the mattress and her back arched as she propped herself up to push her breasts forward. The camera man, Caster, blushed hard as he tried not to be obvious about looking down her dress.

"You are allowed to look," Emma explained to him. "And enjoy looking. She loves it, and we all take pride in our bodies."

"I don't usually talk to women much, let alone..." he trailed off, intently focused on keeping the camera lens aligned.

As he smiled and nodded to Liddy that he finished, he pulled the paper from the camera to store it and retrieve the next. Liddy flopped to the bed and began to relax her body after holding the pose for so long.

"Would it help if we had sex?" Easy asked with a friendly smile while fluttering her wings.

While there should have been words coming from the man's mouth, stuttered noises came instead until Emma calmed him down. Emma waved her hand at Easy to back off and let him get back to work. Liddy adopted an easier pose on the bed for the next picture, this time pulling her dress up, exposing the skin on her thigh to a scandalous degree. 

As much as the girls wouldn't mind naked pictures, they knew that if they wanted to have them seen off the ship that they would need to be a tad more conservative. So, while nothing strictly nude could be taken, with a few personal exceptions, they did get creative. Ving had hers taken on the bridge, bending over to hold on to the steering wheel with her pants pulled down to expose her bum. Inky didn't wear any pants, instead, she had her boots on and a set of rifles stacked together in a circle so they converged at the right point to hide her womanhood. Cat had hers taken from behind, looking over her shoulder as her unfastened dress started to slide off. Mari got away with showing the most skin since most of hers was covered by ink. Leira was in the bath, naked of course, but the reflection from the water hid enough. Hope wore a surprisingly loose and skimpy robe she had and adopted a few pious poses.

"I wish I could fly on my own. That would look amazing." Easy pouted as it became her turn after waiting so long.

"Someone can hold you up," a client chimed in, having just arrived.

"How so?" Easy asked, as she drifted over to him, trying to pretend she hadn't failed to notice him.

"Well, I was at the theatre with my wife and..." he trailed off after admitting he was married before coughing and carrying on like it was nothing. "One of the lady dancers was hoisted into the air by a man holding her by the hips. Quite a lovely pose."

He nodded outside the ship to where Foxy was having her picture taken in some trees, totally naked save for her fur. Some of the girls holding branches in the way to cover her up just enough.

"I am fit enough to hold a lovely girl such as yourself for some time. I'd be happy to help. Then maybe some fun after if you wanted."

"Oh, I do so want," Easy kissed the man as she jumped into his arms. "Powerful arms to hold me in the air or against your body, I will enjoy it all."

Easy wore strips of silk around her body to make her appear wrapped in a cloud as she was flying and to cover the arms of the man holding her up. As Hannah was getting her picture taken near a fountain, Easy was letting the silk get pulled off her by the man following her into a work room. She sparkled in the light for the man watching her as he quickly stripped out of his fine suit. He stood before her as she kneeled on the bed and pulled her hair to bend her over. He felt her long tongue slide over his shaft as he gripped her skull and began to move it quickly up and down onto him. 

Hearing her choke he stopped in sudden concern, but as she looked up and smiled with spit dripping from her mouth he learned she was enjoying it. However, he didn't want to wait any longer so he lifted her up until she was looking down at him and slowly let her slide down. Slowly he pushed inside her as she gasped and felt her breasts being tickled by his chest hair. With his powerful arms, he moved her hips like he had her head while he stood. Her wings fluttered every time she gasped at the rapid penetration. He was working up a sweat with the effort and Easy found the scent intoxicating. She let loose a desperate moan as she suddenly climaxed in his arms.

"Are you alright?" he asked slowing, but not quite stopping, his thrusts.

"Very much so," she replied, really enjoying the slower pace as it drew out her orgasm. "I tend to climax loudly like that."

"Women can do that?" He almost shouted in surprise.

Easy looked at him, also in surprise, to see if he really meant that. "Yes, of course," she replied.

"I had no idea, my wife never..." he trailed off after mentioning his wife while deep inside another woman.

"Well, every woman is different. Some can easily, others take a long time, some just can't."

"How do you find out? I mean, my wife... I am here because she never wants to be with me. If she could feel as good as I do when I... well, maybe she would want it then."

"Well, firstly, women tend to have much stronger as well as longer climaxes than men. Also, we can have several if the attention is consistent. So my advice is to have some intimacy before sex. Pay attention to her and pleasure her. It will take some work to find what she likes best but try a lot of things. Don't satisfy yourself until you have finished her. A satisfied wife would be able to please you easily."

"Seems odd to be getting told how to please my wife while with you."

"Yes, I feel you inside me and giving my body pleasure. You are so very good at it so please don't stop," Easy explained, so he would resume moving her hips and thrusting. "Yet my job is to service your needs. That can be your body or your mind. In this case, giving you physical love and the knowledge you need to satisfy your wife. I do so love meeting men who want to please their wives. Don't give up. I would love to think of her being as satisfied as I am now feeling you working inside me."

"How do I please her, though? I mean, I have penetrated her many times and she only ever seems to lay there. I came here because I didn't want to make her endure some hardship."

"You had an arranged marriage?"

"Yes, I felt like I lucked out with a woman that beautiful, and we get along well enough outside of the bedroom."

"Introduce yourself to her, ask her on a date, woo her as if you just met and you wanted to marry her. Be young and foolish with her. Tell her you were sorry for not understanding sooner that she might not have felt as lucky as you. Let her fall in love with you. Then, when she is ready, let her decide when to be intimate."

"That sounds like a plan. But after all that, I still don't know what else to do, will she tell me?"

"Maybe, she should, but if she doesn't know, then you might need to offer something."

"Like what?" he asked as Easy pushed away to be set down on the bed.

Easy sat on the edge and beckoned him closer and pushed his head down between her legs, "Now, I will teach you how to use your tongue.

****

Vile was nervous having her pictures taken; she still felt monstrous in appearance and because of what she did. Caster didn't help any by being too terrified to speak to her directly. Instead, he whispered to Emma beside him. Vile laid against the wall mosaic in the courtyard with her robes arranged and weighted down with smooth stones from the garden because of the wind threatening to cause too much movement. The pictures were taken and he started to move his gear over to the next location where the soldier girls would finally get their pictures done. Using the estate grounds they were docked in made the pictures a lot more diverse than if they had remained on the ship.

"What's wrong?" Emma asked Vile as she helped remove the stones and put them back under the trees in the garden.

"I just... realised I have a lot wrong with me because of that collar in the damn farm."

"Oh, well yeah, we expected that. I killed someone there without meaning to. I could have done something different just as easily but I killed him instead. We don't always react or judge things under stress the way we normally would."

"Yeah, but you were in danger. I was safe on the ship."

"Just because the danger passes doesn't mean the mind accepts it. Our wounds don't heal as soon as the fighting stops. You were in that place for a long time. Sure, the collar protected you in some ways that limited the trauma, but simply living there so long under those conditions would have shaped you. All that matters now is that you are safe here and have people around you willing to help and care for you."

"I suppose. How do you deal with it?"

"Same way most of us deal with things that bother us. Having lots of sex. Maybe not perfect, but it beats the alternative."

"Except no men want to be with me. There were those girls, but that was it. Even then they tried not to look at me."

"Then fuck me. I want it and I want you," Emma stated, laying the last of the stones down amongst the trees.

"I thought you didn't like women?" Vile asked surprised.

"Well, it's more accurate to say I love physical power and getting penetrated. Also the scent of men but that's just aroma. You are right, though, I don't enjoy getting my face between a woman's legs or playing with her breasts. So if you are set on feeling bad about yourself, let me use you for a little personal fun and punish you. Guilt is easier to deal with if you feel punished."

"I already got slapped, twice."

"If that's enough to eliminate your guilt then let's go back to the ship. Otherwise, you can shut the fuck up and put your tails in me."

Vile was stunned at the harsh language of the tiny elf that probably weighed less than one of her legs. Emma was trying so very hard to not shake in fear at being so confrontational with the demon before her. 

"Thanks, little elf," Vile smiled. "But we both know you don't really want this, even if you are curious about my tails. I appreciate the help but I need time to deal with it. Not an ill-conceived fuck."

Emma sighed in relief, not entirely sure if she should be disappointed or not. Vile smirked and nudged her a bit to get her moving back to the ship, where Hannah was posing on the bow of the ship like a nautical figurehead. Her breasts bare but covered by hair that was weighted down with earrings to keep the wind from uncovering her. The other challenge, of course, being that one side of her head was shaven. When it came time for Emma to have her pictures done, she elected for a simple pose sitting on her side on a bed. Her eyes looked away, as if timid and innocent. Liddy smirked at how far away from innocent Emma really was but admired her ability to pull it off.

****

Hannah was walking through the lounge topless, wearing only a short dress that showed off the red lace under it when a hand grabbed her and pulled. She had almost forgotten that clients were still aboard but sat in his lap happily as if she had looked forward to it.

"Well you certainly catch attention walking around like that," he said as he grabbed Hannah's breast. "Tell me you are on the menu."

"Sadly no, doctors orders," Hannah brushed her hair to show off her scar. "As tempted to ignore them as I am, I'd hate to give screams of pain when your thrusts should have me screaming in pleasure."

"Oh shame, I'd love to have a redhead with such fine tits. It can't really be that bad. Let's see if it really hurts."

Hannah was about to take her soldier tone when Leira walked over, her hair flashing a blazing red. "She isn't the only redhead around. Why not have a woman who isn't so fragile?"

Hannah was relieved at the save and could tell how angry Leira was without her hair giving it away. It looked as though she was struggling to inflate her breasts as well since they didn't get to full size.

"Well now, I suppose that is better," the man said, letting go of Hannah and almost shoving her off his lap to pull Leira in close.

Hannah made a quiet exit and caught sight of Ving at the doorway with her hand on her pistol. She smiled at her with a head shake to calm her lover down. 

Leira didn't have to try hard to keep her hair red, the man pawing at her breasts had already given her enough reason to annoy her. It was a bit odd that she took Hannah's situation so personally but it felt like the right thing to do. She put her hand down the man's trousers to feel him stiffen and smiled as she thought about tearing it off but explained her pricing instead. 

Hannah went downstairs to put something else on when she caught Liddy enjoying the view of Emma on the bed. Moving up behind her captain, she pushed her breasts into her back. Liddy smiled as she felt a hand explore between her legs and Emma had to maintain her expression while trying not to notice.

"So how are things going?" Liddy asked in a slow moan.

"Leira just dove on a client for me. We might need to start handing out medals." Hannah gently gripped Liddy by the breast.

"Well that was nice of her," Liddy closed her eyes to enjoy herself.

"You know this man has a camera that can record moving pictures. Maybe we should have him showing us in action. What do you think would cause more of a stir? Us with men or with each other?"

"Do you two mind!?" Emma yelled when her photo was finished.

Caster was blushing when he realised what was going on and turned away, while Hannah stopped molesting Liddy but didn't let go.

"Really, Mister Caster, if you want one of us to help relieve you I would be happy to arrange it. After all, we are going to need you to take moving pictures of us. Doing things that will make you blush a whole lot more when you watch."

"Well I... I mean... the..." he mumbled.

"He wants Vile," Emma translated.

Caster froze in embarrassment but didn't deny what Emma said. If anything, his face looked almost pleading for Liddy to read his mind. Emma had picked up on it and had attempted to make her more receptive to sex earlier so she wouldn't feel like it was a repeat of what happened with the herald. She had wanted to get Vile more relaxed about it but decided she had to settle for relaxing him more directly. Emma slid off the bed and rested a hand on his shoulder to calm him down.

"I'll take him to her." Emma guided him out to find Vile.

"Well, I suppose that settles..." Liddy was cut off as Hannah pushed her to the bed.

****

"Just tell her you want her," Emma whispered into Caster's ear as she knocked on Vile's door. As it opened, Emma let go after forcing his body to flood his blood stream with testosterone and adrenaline. 

Vile was surprised and noticed the tiny hand withdrawing from his shoulder before she looked at him directly, "Hello, how can I help you?"

"I want you," he replied, with more confidence than he was used to showing.

"Then come onto my bed and take me," Vile responded, laying on her back with her legs bent and spread wide.

He came into the room and closed the door as he looked at the powerful woman covered in a thin robe. Vile began to pull off his clothing with her tails as he was rather clumsily doing it on his own. Climbing on top of her, he got face to face with her and began to kiss her. Vile felt the man's tongue pushing into her mouth as his hands held her face. The sloppy and inexperienced kiss forced Vile to exert a bit of control and hold his head in place while she kissed back at a slower pace. He turned into her lead and slowed himself. Vile could feel his manhood poking into her belly as it stiffened against her skin. She thought about pushing a tail into him, but thought better of it since most men are never penetrated at all and might not like the new sensation. Instead, her tails wrapped around his manhood to grip it and stroke it gently.

As he got into the rhythm, his hands went to her breasts and gripped as much of them as he could. Focusing on her nipples and pulling on them to make Vile gasp, realising she was starting to enjoy herself, she smiled and pulled him up to put him in her mouth and take him as deep down her throat as he could get. Though for her that wasn't as deep as it would be for most other women, but she loved feeling his flesh sliding in and out over her tongue. He held her horns and used them to push himself harder against her with his thrusting.
