 Mari lept to embrace Easy the moment she saw her. Liddy let out a massive sigh of relief, knowing how much worse things would have been for Mari if she had lost Easy as well. As they kissed, Liddy looked around at the fields where many were still working away in between glances up at the commotion. She inwardly raged at the utter wrongness of the collars she had just learned about. What they made them do, what they made her friends do. She decided that inward rage was useless, and screamed at the top of her lungs.

"You fucking fuckers!" Liddy yelled looking around for anyone who had been involved.

Her eyes settled on a group of three men who had chosen to surrender when the airship came out of nowhere and unleashed a fusillade of machine gun fire at them. Now, sitting on the ground with their hands bound, they watched in fear as the blonde woman stormed over to them. Liddy cursed and swore as she approached and continued to do so as she flung her fists down upon them. They called for help, but Conna simply took her brass knuckles out of her pocket to toss to Liddy.

Taking a pause to put the knuckles, on Liddy found time for some more coherent words, "Calling for help? How many times did these people call for help before you put the collars on? Did any of you listen? Did you?!"

Liddy laid into them again with greater effect. Conna struck one of the men as he tried to crawl away while Liddy was busy pummeling his friend. Angry at all of them, the only rest they had was when her rage made her lash out at another target. Bloody and beaten, the men laid there as Liddy threw weaker and weaker strikes at them as she grew tired from the effort. Openly weeping, Liddy was pulled up by Conna, who gently took the brass knuckles off her and put them back in her pocket. 

Inky approached, "Well, everyone who matters is fine. The girls are getting the child crates open, the man and she-devil are finding the keys to everyone's collars. You alright?"

"No, I am not," Liddy said in a huff. "I'm not able to hurt them enough for what they did."

"I'm sure we will manage. But for now, we need to get things sorted. The ones already freed are getting the kids out of the crates in the loading zones. Thankfully most were just empty. We need to go through their records to find mothers, but it should be doable. Probably want to take a look yourself."

"I will, after I... she-devil?"

"Oh, yes. Come with me."

Conna remained outside to guard other prisoners as they were rounded up while Liddy followed Inky. She saw crates being opened and tossed aside if they were empty but two of the men had stopped to hold children they found. They looked up at her passing before returning to their duty. In the trench, Liddy could see many Emberborn still breeding as enthusiastically as ever. Also in the hall was the man Inky pointed out as Adler wearing a monocle and checking the collars before writing on tags that he attached to them.

"Each collar has its own key and the labels are invisible. So it's slow going until we get them all. Unlocking the men first so there is no shortage of willing women."

Liddy clenched her fists in rage, but found the sight of sex around her alluring and almost envied the women for a brief time. "Hows Foxy?"

"All things considered, she's holding up. Won't really know until things calm down and she has to face things."

They entered a very busy room where Foxy sat at the desk writing down numbers as Emma read them with her own monocle. A powerful voice startled Liddy.

"Slow going but it will get done," Vile spoke.

Still wearing the bed sheet but much more sensibly bound to her form and singed at the edges, Vile smiled with a bow. Liddy stared up at the woman who was two meters tall and towering over her. Her soft, friendly expression at odds with the powerful body it belonged to. A pair of tails whipped about behind her. 

Liddy stood there with her mouth agape. 

"Yup, that's what I said," Inky agreed. "Captain Liddy, meet Vile. She has been helping us and was key to the survival of our people as well as in taking this whole place. Vile, this is my Captain, Liddy."

"A pleasure to meet you." Vile smiled with a deeper bow to try and come down to eye level with Liddy.

She failed, only giving Liddy an eyeful down her chest, "Fuck me." Neither Liddy, who muttered the words, Inky, or Vile knew if that was a request or simply an exclamation.

Vile blushed purple and Foxy let out a giggle as she looked over to shake her head before explaining what happened to Emma. Around them, freed slaves were being given clothing and told what they could do to help or to just go rest outside. Most seemed in a daze or in shock over finally getting their minds back. Cat and Ving came into the room holding boxes full of paper that they dropped on one of the exam tables.

"Birth records," Vile explained. "The most recent ones anyway. Should help us identify parents. Or rather the mothers."

"Any yours?" Liddy asked delicately.

"No, I was a personal servant and he didn't want to share me."

"I'm sorry about that all the same."

"I appreciate that. The little elf said you were on our side of things. I'm glad you came."

"I would never leave my girls behind. Where is Leira?"

"Oh, she's resting," Inky spoke up. "In the private bed of the late administrator. Hurt her back and desperately needed to relax. Should be fine, though."

"Right. Good. But none of this will last if we don't do something."

"My plan was to get everyone into the forest and hope they don't catch us all again," Vile explained.

"Not good enough. I need to seize this land, free these people from the law, and hurt whoever profited from this place." Liddy was angry again.

"Not so simple. We were all property, so they weren't breaking any laws."

"They were when they lied to me about that job and took my girls. I will use that to do whatever I can to them."

"What if that's nothing?"

"Then I come back and gather up as many as I can to get them out of dodge. The rest go into the woods and we burn this place down."

"That I can help with," Vile emphasised the point with a ball of fire in her hand that she dispelled once Liddy understood.

"Round up some prisoners. Inky, I want all your girls with me, and bring me the head of whoever ran this place. Hannah had good luck with tossing one in court. I am going to do the same."

Liddy was ready to tolerate exactly zero crap from the Duke who she now had to face again.

****

Hannah was used to entertaining self-important old men with more money than sense, but this one was pushing her buttons. He seemed to be honestly convinced at the fundamental difference between the upper and lower classes. As though they were as different as humans and Emberborn. So Hannah decided to switch the tune and push buttons herself.

"Frightfully long journey," Hannah was sitting opposite the general in his luxury carriage and turned to look in the direction they were travelling.

As she twisted herself, one hand quickly unclasped the top few buttons on her jacket before turning back to face the general and take a deep breath. Her jacket parted slightly and he instantly noticed the cleavage. She could see his blatant stare at her chest, and the lust it contained. Hannah was happy he had finally shut his mouth. They both pretended not to notice as they continued to talk, but now with his mind on her body. Every move she made drew him in. His comments drifted from how important his class was to society, and began explaining all the things that made him so great personally.

"Surely a man such as yourself can find release from his worries by taking what he is entitled to enjoy." Hannah finally spoke for the first time in twenty minutes to move things along. "Just as I am entitled to enjoy providing it."

Under the impression he had finally convinced Hannah of her place rather than her just wanting him to stop talking, he reached over and pulled her jacket apart. Her breasts bounced with the movement of the carriage as he leant forward and brought his face close enough to kiss them. He licked them all over, totally unaware of the man who had been rubbing his manhood between them a short while ago. Occasionally he would come up to kiss her and lick Hannah on the face before returning to her breasts. She rolled her eyes, pretending her sigh was in pleasure as she realised he was a licker. 

Messily, he slathered his saliva over her breasts as he climbed on top of her, pushing her down to lay on the seat. She held his head against her chest and looked out the rear window at the men driving the truck behind them. They gave exaggerated, disapproving looks at her and laughed. She gave a facial shrug and was soon kissed again with far too much tongue that spent more time on her face than in her mouth. He was trying to unfasten her pants, but she doubted he had ever removed his own pants in his life and helped him out. Taking off your and someone else's pants while they are on top of you is difficult at the best of times, but Hannah had a great deal of practice. Even in the confines of the carriage, she was able to pull hers down and free the generals less than totally hard manhood.

Her pants around her ankles, Hannah bent her knees to open her legs wide enough to admit the general and felt the slow penetration inside her. She was relieved when he finally got hard enough not to fall out every thrust and tried not to think that he was old enough to have been past his prime when she was born. He gripped her by the head and used it for leverage for his thrusts, even though there were hand holds all around them. Hannah almost wished he would go back to licking her face rather than compressing her neck. 

He tried to shift his position and tripped, withdrawing from her and landing almost in his original seat. Quickly Hannah ditched her jacket and spun around to present herself on her hands and knees. Pretending it was his plan all along, he took her by the hips, but she had to put a hand between her legs to get him back inside properly. Finally, back to thrusting, she could do most of the work in her new position while rubbing herself. Unfortunately, things were complicated as he leant forward to almost lay on her back so he could reach her breasts. 

Wondering if she should suggest gripping her hair, she almost missed him making a weird noise that she eventually realised meant he had finished. He sat back down in his seat, exhausted, and she wondered if maybe she had almost killed him. Looking up, she saw the men in the truck behind her. The one not driving held up his wrist to show his watch and gave a disapproving shake of his head. She wasn't totally sure they meant how short he lasted or how long it took her to finish him. Either way, she smiled.

"Liked that did you?" he asked smugly, between ragged breaths.

"Every woman likes knowing her place," she replied, knowing they had drastically different ideas of what that really meant. "I know you planned on rewarding us all for serving you so well, but I sure do appreciate the personal attention general."

"Reward?" he asked confused. "Oh yes, of course."

Hannah knew he had had no intention to reward any of them but planting the seed in his mind was the first step. She wondered how many more times she would have to spread her legs for him to get something decent. At least now he knew he could offer rewards for sex. All she had to do was push the offers as far as they would go and act as if the sex was reward enough. It felt good to be getting paid for sex again. She rather missed it.

****

Cat threw another collar into the pile that formed against the wall. Adler was working quickly, trying to identify more collars in the hall, and Emma did her best to keep the keys sorted.

"I know we have to hurry, but I wish they could take more time to rest here." Emma scribbled down another number and tied the tag to the key.

"There is no way nobody who is tied to this place didn't hear that radio cast or won't be told about it soon enough. If Liddy can't work out some miracle deal, then we need to get out of here quick before they press any claims on them or the land," Cat responded.

"Wish we could sell all the stuff they have here and just buy the land or something."

"Even if we included the expensive collars, nothing in this place is worth the land it's on."

"Maybe we can burn it down, string up some bodies, drive the price down a bit." Emma tried to make her morbid joke sound light-hearted.

"Still not enough. Trust me, I have had years of experience dealing with, and being a part of, the ruling class. This won't end very much in our favour."

"I just don't want to have to choose who gets on our ship and who gets left behind to take their chances."

"Mothers with children, then simply take the youngest and work our way up."

"Still, it's not enough. Liddy will think of something."

"She's a wonder but not a noble. They can ignore her on a whim. Without a title, we simply aren't people to them."

****

Hannah left the guest room, still fixing her uniform after a much-needed shower. Of course, she shared the shower with the general, but his brief presence gave her enough time to finish cleaning off. As annoying as he was to satisfy, she was impressed at his ability to recover for another go. Three more times in the carriage and twice in the guest room suggested he must have been far more capable in his youth when he had stamina. The wait for their time in court was wearing on her nerves. 

A bell sounded and Hannah noticed all the soldiers getting to their feet expecting to move, so she fell in with Grey, "That mean we are getting in now?"

"I think that means things are back in session. I'm taking my cue from the general more than anything else."

Grey nodded at the general who was fixing his own uniform and practising his posture. Not bothering to look back, he started off down the hallway, leaving the soldiers to fall in on their own. They marched in proper parade formation and Hannah reflected positively that had the general been better in bed, her march might have been more awkward. 

"Duke Harnon!" The general called upon his entry. "I come bearing great news!"

"Ah, general. I could use some," The noble who seemed to have been having a rough day replied.

"Thanks to the efforts of my valiant troops, a secret weapon the enemy had sent against us, was not only destroyed but captured." The general explained, reaching the front of the court.

Grey whispered in surprise, "He mentioned us? Valiant? What is wrong with him?"

"Why do you think I spent so much time with him? It certainly wasn't for my own pleasure," Hannah replied in a hushed tone.

"And these are the troops responsible?" Duke Harnon asked.

"While under my command, yes." The general faltered slightly, trying to keep the focus on himself.

"You are to be commended, General. I wasn't aware we admitted women into our ranks, though." Duke Harnon looked at Hannah and examined her figure with a smile. "Have we met before? You seem familiar, yet not..."

"In bed, sir. You came to the ship I served on, prior to my unexpected landing in your trenches. With regards to that, I believe there was no prior indication of the presence of a battlefield made available to us."

Duke Harnon turned white with shock. Not the reaction Hannah had been expecting. Not sure if she should speak again, there was an awkward pause until a page ran in and dashed up to the Duke Harnon's side.

"She's back! The angry blonde woman is back!" he stammered.

Already pale the man with all the power in the city turned an even brighter shade of white, "What? Why? Did she..."

The page cut him off, "There were, as you know, Emberborn on her ship. The farm lured them away at the mansion. Well, she went to the farm and took them back. Now she has landed her ship in the street and is dragging many of the wounded soldiers through the gates in irons up the palace grounds. Sord's she-devil is with her and not wearing a collar. She also came with a number of armed women from her ship."

"It seems I have missed a lot in my absence," Hannah commented.

"Do we not have our own troops to stop them?"

"Our men at the gate explained they hadn't the time to conscript an army big enough to stop them."

"I have my house guard! They have no right to simply barge into my city and..."

"With respects Duke, even they can't help you," Hannah stated flatly, hand resting visibly on her trench gun. "If my captain has cause to do you harm, I will stand by her. Ask your men behind me what your chances will be then." Hannah let the message sink in for a moment, but spoke again right as she saw him start to respond. "Now, violence, in this case, would not be the most desired outcome for anyone. So let's solve this without any before she gets here. What happened -- was it illegal, and where do rights actually lay? Your general spoke highly of your leadership skills, so let's vindicate those esteemed words."

The general knew she was lying, but said nothing since it meant him looking better. He'd have never praised his Duke to someone under his command... or body. 

"Indeed, Duke Harnon. Hot tempers should not prevail where true leadership is called for." The general put his hand on Hannah's shoulder to let him look like he was in control of her.

Harnon turned to his nearest advisor, "Well? What is the situation?"

"M'Lord," the advisor, Hannah recognised as one who giggled while fondling Mari on the ship, started. "If in fact, the freed Emberborn on her ship were hired under false pretences, kidnapped, and dispatched to the farm then their crewmates would be well within their rights to any actions to liberate them."

"She is not going to settle for me simply considering the matter settled if she's dragging people to me in chains."

"Indeed not. However, any press for damages or case made for satisfaction would need to be sponsored by one of our noble class."

"Sir Rayvon Dexx," Hannah blurted. "He will vouch for me and my crew."

The general was surprised that he was not asked if he would take sides and that his considerations on the matter proved unnecessary.

"Him? I haven't seen him in court since I was a boy, running around interrupting my father's deliberations."

"Indeed I will!" shouted an older man's voice from across the court.

Hannah didn't recognise him at first. A fine new suit and looking at least ten years younger, the inventor strutted confidently up to the front with a long box cradled under his arm. Hannah knew it would have contained a vibrating bliss maker inside it. She smiled warmly as their eyes met.

"What are you doing here?" Duke Harnon inquired.

"Oh," Rayvon paused to stifle a smile and think up some words. 

"Delivering this you see." He held the box up before leaning in closer so only the few gathered at the front could hear. "A device for your wife. It is an... emotional stabiliser tool for women."

"She has been less bothersome and more pleasant to be around lately. That was you?"

"Indeed, I have been visiting her for a few days, and this one was customised to her needs."

Hannah almost choked on her tongue and died right then.

"Incidentally, sir, it might be best if you didn't mention knowing about it. It will be much more effective if her need of it remained a secret."

"Of course. Have you any plans to use it on the other women in court?"

"Absolutely."

"Right then. Good work, that should help keep them from causing problems. Now, back to the matter at hand. If their case has a sponsor, what should my judgement be then?"

"Give her everything she wants," Hannah stated, trying hard not to burst her spleen laughing.

"That might be a bit much. I can't just give in and look like a fool."
