 Juno watched as Laurel shoved another prisoner over the edge of the platform. His screams stolen by the wind as the prisoners she was guarding grew more agitated. Naked and huddled together, the cold kept them docile more than the bayonet at the end of her rifle. Conna came back and grabbed another, taking him to the edge and asking some questions. His response, unsatisfactory, sent him over the edge with the others. One by one they were questioned and pushed over. Astra seemed to be laughing every time.

Liddy walked with Inky farther down the platform, nearer to the loading doors where a church vessel accepted the Emberborn. "I thought I ordered them questioned for other farm locations."

"You did," Inky replied. "Ving found the owner's personal ship parked in the garage below the platform. She's catching them and handing them off to the Church's troop ship."

"Oh, alright." Liddy didn't seem to care either way. "We should be leaving as soon as they are finished. Getting to another city and getting to work like normal is important. The farm couldn't wait, but if anyone connects us to it we might have issues."

"Agreed. Vile is happy you broke your 'no men in the air' rule for her friend."

"The rule is to avoid any of you from gathering inconvenient relationships. I'm happy to accommodate old friends in a time of need. Though she should be mindful that he will have to leave at some point."

"She knows. She just wants to catch up and hopefully recover some memories from before the farm. Have you talked with Easy?"

"Poor girl, I'm happy yet saddened by what happened. Her mother, I'm glad we found her, but the things they did to her."

"Hope says she can't do much for her wings. The healing of damage is one thing, but replacing what's missing is another."

"I think the most healing she can get now will be from Easy herself."

****

Hope finished talking with one of the Templars who commanded the levy currently sweeping the compound for any stragglers. Kilty waited until Hope kissed the man on his cheek and turned to leave. She fell in alongside Hope.

"Old friend? Lover?" Kilty asked, trying to recover the levity the whole farm had sapped from her and the girls.

"My brother, actually. Haven't seen him in years," Hope replied with a glance at Kilty.

"Oh, oops." Kilty felt a tad embarrassed.

"It's alright. And no, he doesn't know about my interests and no, you can't 'corrupt' him."

"That's fine, it's been hard for any of us to find the mood since we got here. I'll be glad to leave. That being said, not since the first farm have I felt... like there was a goodness about what we were doing. At first, I only felt it after we saved Foxy and the others because we didn't know what was going on. Here, my nerves were steady, even while waiting, when they should have been on edge. No fear during the fight, no guilt, it was just a certainty of purpose."

"That, my girl, is the feeling of the righteous. Doing a thing with the utmost belief that it is the right thing to be doing. It's how I like to approach everything in my life. Even the work on the ship or any mundane task. Though it is always the strongest in battle. It's how I keep my mace burning, it's not entirely a matter of the ember fuel I use. Most people never feel it. Consider yourself blessed with the moral fibre to feel it today."

"I don't think I'm the only one."

"No you aren't. We seem to be collecting them on our ship. It happens. People see in others, parts of themselves. Being sex-crazed women isn't the real reason we have found our ways to where we are. At least, not the only reason."

Hope and Kilty laughed for the first time since they had arrived at the slave farm.

****

Boorman, who had intended to talk with Vile, sat in the lounge with her as they listened to Easy chatting away with her mother almost without pause. While her mother was silent, she seemed focused on Easy, as if still trying to decide if the miracle was real. He listened as she introduced Mari, as her lover. It almost surprised him as much as it had when he had been introduced to Inky. Then he saw the woman with red hair share a long kiss with the green-haired woman in the doorway before entering. It quickly became clear that the ship was an entirely new place for him.

Liddy shoved Hannah out of the doorway so she could board with Inky - who repeated the shove with a smile. She stopped as she looked into the lounge.

"She sparkles like you!" Liddy exclaimed, indicating Easy's mother.

Easy had not noticed, "She does! She didn't when we found her!"

The woman smiled as her daughter embraced her with a giant smile on her face. Liddy wasn't alone in sharing the infectious grin. Boorman took the opening to finally get a few words in.

"She's been at the farm so long! She is amazingly resilient. It's a common hope in the farm that someone's child would come back and buy their freedom. Though I don't know how many thought it could happen."

"On this ship, it's our side-business," Leira commented as she entered.

"Technically it's a hobby," Cat corrected, entering from below with some food, followed by Foxy. "People get paid for doing business."

"I know, that's why I told one of those church guys to claim the ships as a 'prize' and sell them off. Since we were never here, they just send the money to Harlottown." Leira paused to collect the surprised stares. "I can't be the only one who knows anything about piracy!"

Liddy's eyes widened in surprise, "Oh my, we 'are' pirates!"

"Isn't the church taking credit?" Emma asked, holding a tray with her spectral hand.

"Yes, but that doesn't change what we actually did."

"Score!" Hannah shouted, holding Ving close. "I always wanted to be a pirate! We are going to need hats with feathers!"

"Please stop," Liddy pleaded.

"All shall fear the sexy harlot crew under the command of the Terrifying Trixie!" Hannah continued.

Liddy winced, wondering how long it would take to rip out a floorboard to make a plank she could force Hannah to walk.

****

Inky spotted Mari in the hall, coming from her room where she had helped Easy put her mother down for a rest. The gentle rocking of the ship, while it travelled, had put the woman to sleep quickly. Inky wondered if Easy was staying to keep watch and mouthed her question silently to Mari, who nodded. They tiptoed to the laundry room where they could speak plainly.

"How's she doing?" Inky asked.

"It's been a mix of excited upset. I don't think she knows how to process it all, but she's doing all the right things so it will sort itself out. Liddy has already told her and Vile to not worry about working in the next city." Mari replied with a sigh. "Where is Vile?"

"Talking with her friend in Liddy's room. We seem to be running out of space on this ship."

"And our partners are too busy to take care of their lovers."

"Should we do them a favour and help them out?" Inky asked before gripping Mari by the breasts and kissing her deeply on the lips before she could respond.

Mari enjoyed the kiss but kept her mind focused on unfastening the uniform Inky had been wearing. Slowly, piece by piece, it fell away to reveal the tanned skin underneath. She had been wearing a simple slip-dress over her underwear, having tried to look a bit more classy while at the farm, but her ink was quickly uncovered by the hands yanking it off her body.

Inky kept the contrasting white lace enclosing the massive breasts, smiling as it strained to do so. Seeing the metal piercing the nipples shine through, she slid her hand under the other white lace that covered the rather wet womanhood that ached for Inky's touch. Mari returned the favour as her head was brought down to suckle the dark nipple pressed into her open lips. 

Mari pushed her mouth so hard into the soft flesh that Inky had to bring her down to the floor quickly to avoid falling over. As she moved over Inky, she lifted herself so her breasts hung over Inky's face, kept just out of reach of her tongue by the white lace that constrained them. She felt Inky raise her knee up to give her something to grind against, but she refused to lower her breasts until Inky finally pulled the bra down and freed them. It was now Mari who felt the hungry attentions on her nipples, feeling the tongue playing with the metal that ran through them.

The biting and soft moans of a hungry woman as she felt fingers playing between her legs was too much for Inky. She slapped her open palm right across the artfully-inked bum of the woman on top of her to speed things up. Mari took the hint and started to work more vigorously inside the body below her, three fingers penetrating while her thumb stayed on the button. Mari worked her hips over the strong thigh between her legs so her own womanhood felt the pleasure she craved. She pulled her body upwards so Inky was forced to tug with her teeth on the piercings to keep her close. Inky slapped her across the face and Mari climaxed hard, her fluids flowing down the leg of the woman who had drawn them from her. Although there was a brief pause as she felt the hand inside her shudder, Inky clenched around it as she felt her own climax escape.

Inky, using a trick she learned to dismount an attacker, flipped Mari over and moved in on top. "Not done yet, bitch."

Mari moaned as Inky began to twist the metal on her breasts.

****

"Alright everyone, we are going to be landing in LilCap soon. Named due to it being referred to as the 'little capital' on this side of the mountains. It transitioned from governing city to a trade hub after the tunnels through the mountain were dug for the trains. That means lots of money, and we work as normal. If something comes up we will deal with it, but I'd like the focus to be on doing things we are supposed to be doing."

"Looting and pillaging?" Hannah asked, brandishing Inky's sabre.

"I can only agree to consensual looting and metaphorical pillaging, depending on the clients' tastes. That's all."

Hannah sighed, pouting.

"Easy and Vile will be taking time off, so take their pictures down. I don't want people asking for girls they can't have. Has her mother spoken at all?"

"She seems to smile a lot as Easy prattles on about things. But no words yet," Mari answered.

"Right. Well, make sure they are taken care of. Vile's friend should just keep below decks. Don't need a man up here who isn't a client. If anyone asks about anything related to the farms, just say you heard about it but don't know the details. Gets them talking and keeps us safe. Monster stuff, we downplay. Just be modest."

"What the fuck does modest mean?" Leira asked with a grin after raising her hand, her legs entirely uncrossed.

The rest of the girls laughed, and Liddy waited until they were finished. "We will be landing soon. Get cleaned and dressed. I want everyone not on guard duty to be working."

****

In the city, Duke Stirling is approached in his lush office by his aide. His aid waits patiently as his Duke ponders the marble bust on his desk. An hour later his presence is noticed.

"Oh, Eric. What is it?" the Duke asked, slowly coming back to reality.

"A new arrival at the docks. A pleasure craft. I thought I might go... check?" His pause an indication of the delicate question.

"Oh, yes, you know what I want." The Duke waved away his aide, quickly becoming lost again.

****

Astra grinned madly as the man with his head between her legs did his best to please her and was succeeding. It was rare to find, but the man had talent. She laid back on the soft bed, her uniform on the floor, her hands holding onto the man's head. What surprised Astra was that he had satisfied himself already just from pleasing her and simply hadn't stopped. 

"You are magnificent!" Astra barely got the words out before her climax made her squeal. 

He paused once she had finished. "My wife never lets me do this for her. Thinks it improper."

"With this kind of skill, you only need to talk her into it once." Astra already felt herself getting ready for another as he resumed his work. 

****

Down below, Boorman listened as the women above him worked. "Oh, my! It sounds so much different when it's..."

"Consensual?" Vile finished. "Yeah, the girls all love it and the men pay well for us."

"But you grew up on a farm didn't you?"

"Yes, but was never used for that. I was an enforcer and servant. Only kept naked to keep the illusion up that the man holding my leash had a sexy beast as a plaything."

"He the one who gave you your new name?"

"Yup. Thought I would be degraded by it, but with the collar on it didn't even register. I was told I had a new name and accepted it. I didn't even remember my old name until you used it. Was I really born in a burst of ash?"

"Yes. We were all worried something was wrong. We weren't even sure there was an infant inside it until you started to cry. Washed you off and the whole village celebrated. Live births are rare."

"Yes, I know. Actually, we found a way around that. At the first farm we liberated. Already got word of several live births since we left. None otherwise."

"That's amazing! How did you do it?" he asked, excited.

****

The only thing that really bothered Easy were the stumps on her mothers back. They seemed to be getting bigger every time she looked at them, but shook her head at the illusion. Having to hear the sex work going on bothered her, not knowing if it would bother her mother - but nonetheless, she never stopped smiling.

"My crewmates would be aghast to hear me admit this mother, but I think I have run out of things to say." Easy smiled, laughing a little.

Her mother smiled wider, seeming to understand what she meant.

"I think that means it's time to talk about what to do next. The town we founded is full of Emberborn from farms and the cities. It would be a good place for you to get better. I'd come with except I can help so much staying on the ship. You are welcome to stay I'm sure, but you might not be able to get better as quickly. No rush, either way. I just want you to know what we have to think about."

Her mother smiled again and embraced her daughter in a hug, showing the most autonomous action she had taken since being free. 

****

Hannah was getting plenty of looks from clients as they came into the lounge, and certainly enjoyed her company as she served drinks, but none seemed to want more than that. It was certainly odd to her when they looked surprised when she got suggestive. She would casually brush off the suggestions when they seemed to make the men uncomfortable and watched as they relaxed.

"Am I missing something?" Hannah whispered as she poured another drink.

Foxy looked at her intently for a moment before shrugging in ignorance.

Hannah sighed, wondering if she was just off her game or whether someone had cast a spell on her. Catherine wasn't having any trouble, passing Mari in the hall who was leading her client out. She smiled as she saw Cat tickle Mari's exposed midriff as she walked by. The two social opposites seemed to have bonded rather well. Mari came over to the bar to stash a gold necklace she had been given.

"Too heavy, and made to be on a larger frame. Possibly his wife's. Think Vile might like it? Poor girl has nothing made for her."

"I think she would appreciate the gift. Aside from that though, am I doing something wrong? I'm getting nowhere. It's like I'm a burly lumberjack covered in sweat asking them for a tumble. I mean, I might go for that - but these men won't touch me but are determined to be polite about it."

Mari sized her up. "You look rather fantastic to me. Your black lingerie with the red silk dress should be giving them heart attacks. I'll go chat one up and suggest a two for one."

****

Cat watched Emma run down the hall with a bundle of sheets after cleaning up the workroom Mari had used. She loved the way the tiny elf ran and was in the mood to let the man following her satisfy the lust she had inside. Her client reached into his coat once she had locked the door and pulled out a choker. It was made from black velvet and had a gold-edged stone in the middle.

"My... wife's. Do you mind?" He asked, fumbling.

"Not at all," Cat replied as she turned to let him bind it to her neck. She knew the man wasn't married. Anyone of station would show some indication, and she already knew the tells of the city. The token was most likely his mothers or belonged to some other woman that would be socially taboo to indulge with.

He seemed to shudder when he saw her wearing the choker, her elegant dress doing the job of making her look like the lady he imagined she was. There was a weak slap across her face. He obviously held back as he had the muscle to hit much harder, before he choked her against the wall with his arm.

Cat whispered the word 'fun' as he started to feel up her chest, his arm pressing more on the door than her neck, and Foxy relaxed. Emma had already fixed her dress so it could be torn away and mended with ease, so as he ripped her bodice away Cat could enjoy it. 

"This is wrong..." Cat gasped. "Don't stop."

He kissed her hard and Cat knew she had her role figured out. She felt her breasts being gripped tightly in his free hand, her dress hanging open. She used her own hands to weakly protest his, pretending to push against his grip. Someone had put a vanity table in the room, and she wished the mirror could show her the assault but it faced the bed. As her client lowered his head to put his mouth on her breasts, he stopped pretending to choke her and slid his hand under her dress. She wasn't sure if he knew how ready she was to accept him between her legs, but it was his fantasy she was being paid to act out and she didn't try to force him along. 

He mumbled words as he slathered his saliva across her breasts, something about having always wanted them, that they were better than he imagined. Cat wondered if perhaps she was playing his sister. 

"Oh, Torm, I had no idea..." Cat knew using his first name would be the right play either way.

He pulled away and Cat had thought she had made a mistake - until he put her face down on the vanity to lift her dress and pull down his trousers. She squealed as she was quickly filled up with his manhood, and could look in the mirror as he yanked her hair back as he thrusted. Cat watched as her breasts bounced with each thrust behind her shook them and her torn dress. 

"I always want to be your lover, Torm... I don't care who says otherwise."

"Yes, Siva, always your loving brother."

Cat moaned in excitement at her correct guess. It was surprisingly common for siblings to lust after each other if they had grown up separately until they were older. She started to moan the word 'brother' as he continued to work inside her. When he stopped, it was to put his head between her legs as he sat her on the vanity. Cat pulled on her own breasts as she enjoyed the movements on his tongue.

It didn't last long before he pulled her legs off the vanity so he could penetrate her again. Cat wrapped her legs around him as he thrust into her while taking her to the bed. He threw her down and used the headboard to leverage himself inside, staring at the choker around her neck. Cat climaxed, digging her nails into his arms as she used them for support. He pulled out and pressed her breasts around his shaft as he worked it in between. Cat helped, pressing her own breasts so he could support himself as he finally burst with seed over her neck and chest. Seeing the choker covered caused him to shudder and climax yet again despite having nothing else to put on Cat's body.

He stumbled off the bed and laid down on the floor catching his breath. Cat laid on the bed, happy and wondering if she would get to keep the choker. 
