 Walking down the hall after finding Hannah's room empty, Liddy knocked on and opened the door to where Vile was supposed to be resting. Inside she found Vile on her knees, Inky grinding against the powerful red thigh while pleasuring one of the massive breasts, and one of her tails deep inside her lover.

"Oh," Liddy stated. "I was going to ask if you knew where Hannah was."

Vile looked at Liddy, then to the ceiling as she thought of her response. "I think she went up on deck. Something about the ship not having a proper figurehead, and that she wanted to fill in for the time being."

Liddy stared at Vile after her blatant lie, before her eyes drifted to Hannah, who was mimicking Inky's actions on Vile's other side. Though, at this point she was biting down on her breast, trying not to laugh. Vile stared at Liddy, while the two women worked their bodies against hers, and waited for a response.

"Well, then finish up here and grab her for me. Got a job that involves both of you."

Vile slapped her powerful hand on Hannah's bum and gripped it tight, "Way ahead of you."

Liddy smiled and shook her head before she closed the door and left. Vile picked up the speed of the tails inside the women on either side of her. Inky and Hannah started to moan loudly. Vile put their faces together so she could watch them kiss while gasping, the wonderful sight bringing Vile to climax before either of them. Inky followed soon after as her lover shook in pleasure, causing her tail to twitch inside her. Hannah wasn't ready yet; she pulled the tail out of her friend and brought it up to fill her mouth as they kissed. The two of them pleasured the spear-tip tail as if it were a man they shared between them. Vile got rougher with the tail still penetrating the redhead and soon forced her to climax.

"Enough stalling. We have work to do," Vile chided Hannah.

****

Liddy continued on her way through the lower deck and into the laundry room that was re-purposed into a vault. Conna and Kilty stood guard. As she entered, she could see the scattered stacks of bills still all over the floor from where she had started to count the previous night - before Emma had told her to get some sleep. No matter what the total tally was, it was a lot. Enough almost to buy a new ship even. Liddy was giddy at the idea of having the problem of there being too much money to count.

"We're gonna need a bigger lockbox," Mari stated, walking in behind Liddy with a pair of fairy arms wrapped around her hips.

"I'm going to need an outright vault. Though before I can spend anything, I need to count it all up and match it to the auction logs."

"I'm so happy that so many men wanted to be with Vile," Easy chimed in.

"Agreed, that woman can intimidate anyone. I think, with them seeing her as a hero, they can better accept her powerful presence," Liddy explained as she resumed her counting. "No reason to think today will be much different. Though, while most of you are resting, she will be on a special assignment."

"Sounds fun," Vile spoke as she entered. "Found Hannah for you!"

Liddy looked up to see Vile holding Hannah in her arm. She set her down and smiled playfully. Only then did Hannah put on the black dress she had been holding. 

"Oh, good. I had hoped you would," Liddy said with cheerful sarcasm. "Hope is getting her gear on and such. Hannah, you need to be dressed for guard duty as well. The two of you are escorting Vile to a private visit with the Duke himself. Thanks to his deployment of his own personal guard for our protection, we are plenty safe, and also very grateful. So that means he doesn't have to wait for our regular hours."

"So I get to escort a demon goddess of fire and sex through the halls of the flakey-most layers of society?" Hannah asked.

"Yes," Liddy replied.

"Fantastic!" Hannah shouted with excitement. "This is going to be better than sex! I mean, almost, but still awesome! The looks on their faces!"

Hannah jumped and clapped her hands excitedly before rushing off to get properly dressed. Everyone just stared at the spectacle, then turned back to Liddy.

"Well then, I suppose I can tell her she's getting paid for it later. Vile, are you up for fucking the most powerful person in the known world?"

"Liddy, please! I'm always ready to fuck myself."

"Politically powerful..."

"Oh, well then, sure."

"Fantastic." Liddy gave her head another shake. "Go get dressed in some expensive clothing and meet up on deck."

Vile smiled and turned about, inwardly troubled by how bad things could go if she messed up.

****

Catherine was in the bath with Emma and Leira, the elf easily pulling the kinks out of the mermaid's muscles with her spectral hand and ability to tell her body to relax. While her abilities to manipulate the bodies of others worked wonders, her own needed the attention of another. 

"Normally I would suggest it to be a shame you can't do this for yourself," Cat started. "But then I wouldn't get to do the honours so... yay for me."

Emma smiled. "I'm just so happy you are so good at it. You would think men would take it easy on a tiny girl like me, but they never do."

"No, they seem to think that fucking us as hard as possible is the only way to prove themselves as strong men. Sure, rough is fun, but roughness without talent is just barbaric."

"Right?! I mean, I'd rather it be talented and soft than idiotically rough. I did get a few happy mediums, but it's hard to tell when it's your dozenth man or what have you."

"Maybe things won't be quite as crazy today. Let Liddy send the really rough ones to Mari while we get the rest."

"Maybe I should just start fucking women. At least they have some sense about other women."

"I'm happy to help you test that, but I think Liddy has called dibs."

****

Ving passed Hannah her weapon while they kissed, but didn't feel the need to end it after she had done so. Her hand was already moving up Hannah's skirt when Liddy came up the stairs and cleared her throat.

"Alright, then. Now that everyone is ready, that horseless carriage that has been patiently waiting on the docks for over an hour is going to take you to the palace. Be on your best behaviour and I will see you when you get back," Liddy explained.

Hannah stole one more kiss from Ving before heading down the ramp, followed by Vile, who kissed Inky the same way. Hope stood, wondering for a moment, before shrugging and planting her lips on Tara - who was simply the closest woman to her. The three of them left on the carriage, and Liddy turned to Inky.

"So, she seems to be trying her hand at sarcasm, I see."

"Yeah, You see it a lot in raw recruits who are trying to fit in with their new unit," Inky explained. "Experimenting with personality traits to see what works. Most just look like idiots, because they handle it so awkwardly, but not her. I think that yesterday was really good for her. Whatever her personality was before she was captured, she's slowly getting it back."

"Seems like she was a smartass."

"Yeah. I'm torn between letting her spend 'more' time with Hannah or never letting them speak again."

Liddy laughed. "Damn redheads!"

Inky returned the laugh. "Well said."

****

As the carriage started to leave the docks, the women inside could feel their momentum shift as suddenly it began to rise. It caught them all unaware as it joined the dozens of other flying carriages moving through the cityscape. They marvelled at the size of the city and the constant movement of life within it in every direction they looked. 

"Alright, I admit I totally forgot that these things could fly," Hope confessed.

"It's strange. You would think being in an airship all the time would make it feel familiar," Hannah added.

"Meanwhile, I'm over here still getting used to any kind of flying," Vile explained.

"Just do what I did when I first had to get used to flying," Hannah offered. "Just pick someone and imagine fucking them. Get your head so far into the fantasy that you don't have time to think about being in the air."

Vile cocked an eyebrow at Hope and smiled devilishly at her, moaning softly but deeply. Hannah and Hope laughed and watched as Vile kept her mind on whatever fantasy was running through her head.

****

It had taken her a lot of time, but Liddy finally finished her tally of the previous day's take. It was staggering, the wealth she had generated. Even if she could secure the funds on the ship, she wasn't comfortable with it. She needed to spend it and spend quick. Trading up to a bigger and newer ship was the quickest way to achieve her goal, but didn't like the idea of giving up the one she had after working so hard for it. 

"The really annoying part is that we are all too well paid to need any more money to spend," Foxy spoke as she entered.

"Well, it would be handy as savings, had we a bank to visit consistently," Liddy replied. "We just travel too much to trust that they would communicate efficiently enough. We need on-hand assets or investments."

"We could donate some to that doctor that saved Hannah. Fund his research or what have you."

"Yes, him and Rayvon Dexx could both use it. Though that got me thinking of our new city. It could use funds to establish an economy. That farm can't provide food for that many for very long."

"I don't think anyone would complain if you gave it away like that."

"I just want to think all my options through before deciding, even if I already know what I want to do."

****

Hannah had seen several different palaces in her younger years escorting nobles on state visits. Crater Peak Palace had been the most impressive being at the top of the mountain with the surrounding landscape. However, what the capital palace lacked in natural beauty, it made up for in man-made marvels. The entire structure had been made from marble gathered from all over the former empire. It towered over all the other structures in the city and was at least a third of a kilometre in height. They could all see the older palace at the bottom, and each layer that had been built on top of the previous over the centuries. At the top-most section, where they were coming into land, was the most modern part of the palace. Vast gardens forming a paradise, complete with waterfalls and lagoons surrounded a central hall of gold and glass. They landed on a platform that extended over the edge and disembarked.

"Just when I was starting to think we were getting rich doing what we do..." Hannah started, but drifted to silence as she took in the sight.

"There is rich, then there is this," Hope explained.

"I remember finding a few coins in the forest growing up," Vile reminisced. "I thought I was rich then. We are going to have to 'pretend to be impressed' from now on, though. I can't imagine ever meeting a client with a better place than this."

"Yikes, no kidding. Some fop with a solid-gold house is going to show it off, and we just shrug like it's made of mud." Hannah laughed.

The three women walked through the garden to the main hall, unaware of those watching them. Those who had grown accustomed to the sight of the palace and its splendour regarded the women as being the impressive display of beauty. The hall was in the shape of a cross. They entered through the section closest to them, and were immediately greeted inside the narrow gallery. 

"Ladies, welcome. Duke Ostenburg awaits..." His words faltered when he saw Vile. "When he said red, I thought he meant..."

He gestured to Hannah without taking his eyes off of Vile. She smiled softly and bowed her towering frame over him. 

"Miss Vile here is the hero who engaged the vampiress directly and forced it to flee." Hope left her involvement out of the story.

"I see. Well then, if you would follow me."

They followed him to the centre of the cross-shaped palace where a set of heavy doors were open. A man in fine robes paced back and forth until the approaching footsteps, or rather hooves, drew his attention.

"Oh, wondrous!" the Duke shouted. "You are magnificent!"

Vile smiled and bowed again as she got closer to the duke. "Your compliments are greatly appreciated. Thank you for inviting me into your home. It is truly majestic."

"As I understand it, you deserve all of it and then some! That creature has been causing us a great deal of concern. Thanks to you and your shipmates, we know what we are dealing with and can take new measures."

"With any luck, we won't be seeing it again. I find it much more pleasurable to apply my other talents." Vile winked, using flame over her eye.

The Duke laughed in good humour and took Vile by the hand, "My dear, I believe I can help you with that. Come with me. My personal quarters will ensure our privacy."

The two of them passed through the heavy doors, while Hannah and Hope watched as it closed behind them. The gallery was turned into a T-shape, meaning the whole wing was considered his personal quarters. Each path back to the garden was narrow, lined with doors to offices or whatnot. Nowhere to be seen were any benches or seats for them to wait on.

"I'm so happy I enjoy standing around with nothing to do," Hannah stated sarcastically.

"I'd comment on how this armor makes it harder on me, but you brought a lot of ammunition with you. Are those grenades?" Hope asked.

"I don't have magic powers. That vampire shows itself again and I am taking her down."

"I thought you already did that? Oh wait, you went down - on her. Sorry, my mistake." Hope smirked.

"Well played, Sister." Hannah glared.

****

The two men walked past each other, not bothering to meet eyes, instead eying the women following the other. As Laurel and Kilty passed each other, their hands met and shared a congratulatory grip for a moment. Kilty showed out her client, while Laurel opened the door to the work room for hers. Although the man she was with was less than attractive, Laurel was excited at the prospect of having yet another man inside her. Acting aroused for a client was always easy when it wasn't an act. The money she knew she would be getting from simply spending a brief time with him made her smile. He didn't waste time and undressed, neatly stacking his clothing on the side table. Laurel waited until he was done and watching her when she, much more slowly, started to disrobe. As each piece of the guard uniform fell to the ground, she could see his breathing deepen. 

When all she had on was her set of thin, black lace she had borrowed from Ving, she felt hands grab hold of her. The man pulled her to the bed and began to climb on top of her, gripping her breasts while kissing her face and licking frequently. The experience quickly stifled her original enthusiasm, but it was hardly the first time a man had done that to her. To her surprise, he reached down to feel between her legs, and seemed to have an idea of what he was doing. Happy to have a client who didn't ignore her down there, she let out a moan that was interrupted by the tongue penetrating her mouth.

While she returned the sloppy kiss, she grabbed him by his stiffened shaft and started to rub it against the lace, blocking it from entering her, as his hand having returned to her breast. Laurel used it to push the lace out of the way and, thanks largely due to how well the teasing worked, slid it inside herself easily. Her voice shuddered as the space within her was filled by the man. He thrusted with limited skill, but seemed reluctant to roll over and let her be on top, so she wrapped her legs around him, locking her ankles together, and put her hips into it. While not perfect, they both seemed to enjoy it and he picked up the pace. He broke the kiss so he could breathe better as he started to sweat with the effort. Holding himself up, he stared at her breasts as they bounced with the movement of her body. The lace didn't do much to keep them in place, with it pushed under them. 

Suddenly, with more than a little surprise on his face, he began to gasp as she felt him fill her with his seed. He flopped over onto his back, and Laurel moved quickly to keep him inside her and rock her hips while he finished. She liked to wait for her men to go soft before she let them pull out, but the man she was riding kept stiff after he calmed down. Laurel moaned, thankful that she might just have the time to get herself off. She pulled his hands up to hold her breasts and tease her nipples as she bucked her hips harder, while rubbing her clit and leaning backwards. It took a bit more effort than she would have liked, but she was able to squeeze out a soft climax of her own before he finally went too limp to do anything.

Finally laying down beside him, using a nearby towel to clean herself, she kissed his cheek gently as he recovered. She wondered to herself, hoping the next man might satisfy her more. 

****

"Actually," Hannah corrected. "I wanted the assignment to an infantry unit. Last thing I wanted was to be stuck behind a desk, learning to type."

"Really? I suppose that makes sense, for you at least. I just get used to hearing from my sisters how they never wanted to fight until they received their basic training and loved it," Hope replied.

"Well yes, there is the element of empowerment that comes with learning how to kill people. But that can happen regardless of if you are a man or woman. It's just women had the choice to skip it, at least back home anyway."

"I think if I had the choice, I'd be a choir girl or some such. I thought fighting was just a confusing mess. And it is, but when you learn to manage the chaos, it feels a lot more natural."

"I think it has more to do with managing the fear with the knowledge of what to do. If you have solutions to whatever you are scared of, you can take action. Also, if you know there is nothing you can do, then keep calm and do something anyway. Like when shells are falling and you are stuck in cover, nothing to do, but you can start thinking of things to do once they stop."

"I've never been caught in a fight like that. Only in sparring have I really had to fight more than a single opponent. All the other times I had a squad backing me up and taking the heat off."

"Having someone backing you up is nice, though I expected us to have more company. Does it seem odd that we are the only ones guarding the Duke's bedroom?"

Hope looked around and couldn't see any other guards, "This is the most secure place in the city. They could just be complacent. Though with outsiders like us hanging about, you would think they would have someone hanging around. Even if the Duke wasn't as paranoid as the nobility usually is, this does seem odd."

Hannah checked each of the approaches carefully, her eyes searching for anyone. The place was deserted. She clicked off the safety of her trench gun and checked the chambered round. Hope unlimbered her mace and backed up towards the door to hit it a few times.

"That sounds solid," Hannah commented after Hope's knocking went unanswered.

"It's daytime. There shouldn't be a shift change or anything like that. I overheard some people on our way in talking about how busy they were going to get with the city reopening. This place should be..."

She was cut off as metal scraping preceded the darkening of the halls, until only the softly glowing lamps lit the three hallways leading away from the door.

"Storm shutters?" Hope speculated.

"More like blast shields. That's why this place is so cramped. Probably covered in armor."

A door opened down the right-hand hallway, and out came a confused woman in a simple suit dress. She looked around until she saw Hope and Hannah staring at her.

"Excuse me," she called. "Do you know what's going on?"

Hannah replied as the woman walked closer, "We were sort of hoping you could tell us."
