 Foxy didn't need a guide to help her find what she was looking for. The painful cries of a woman giving birth would have been easy enough for a normal person to hear, even without her sensitive ears. Their owner had brought their papers but explained that he had left them in the servants quarters for the imminent birthing. Hannah had told her to take care of it so Foxy sought them out. She entered the room unnoticed, the noise and distractions keeping them far too busy to register her entry. There were three of them, all Emberborn. The woman on the bed struggling to push at the directions of the midwife on her knees at the end of the bed. The father was behind the mother holding both of her hands. Foxy waited at the far end of the dank basement room for everything to be over.

It was only a few more minutes before the midwife lifted up a tiny form, the sudden silence was horrifying. The midwife plunged her finger down the tiny snout to clear any blockages. The exhausted couple started to wail in despair at the silence and Foxy winced in sympathetic pain until a high pitched howl filled the room. Emotions flipped from pain and grief to utter joy and relief. The midwife handed over the howling pup to the parents and wept with joy. A rare thing for her to ever see. It was only as she turned to fetch a clean towel that she noticed Foxy standing there in her uniform with the rifle slung over her shoulder.

"Oh!" she gave the midwife a start.

Foxy was weeping herself and waved at her to relax. "Don't mind me."

The parents looked up at her, confused. They didn't recognize her and had never seen one of their own armed or bearing the seal of the Duke on her uniform.

Foxy noticed a piece of paper on the table. It was a bill of ownership, name and description blank. She walked over and snatched it up. Then, with the bills of the other three Emberborn in her hand, she put them over the candle that had been providing light. They watched as they burned to ash.

"The Duchess ordered all Emberborn free." Foxy looked at the parents. "I will help you cut off your collars. But your child," She paused to muster her conviction. "Your child will NEVER wear one!"

They were stunned as Foxy went about cutting them free. They hadn't been told what had happened and she explained in more detail. Free and resting, they watched Foxy leave.

Only a few feet down the hall, Foxy collapsed on the floor, crying hard. In all her life, she had always dreamed of being able to do what she had done. It seemed a fantasy for so long and now she had done it. Her body could scarcely handle the emotions that roared through it.

****

Hannah watched as the last of the tents, normally reserved for carnivals or other special occasions, were set up in the garden to house the Emberborn. More and more flooded onto the palace grounds after news spread. Some were even already free but were searching for their families. Hannah made it clear that they were all welcome and all to be fed.

"Well," Cat started. "Unemployment is already down."

"Good. Busy people are less likely to cause problems. What about the other kind of unemployed?"

"Liddy is taking care of that." Cat replied.

****

Liddy moaned as best as she could with her throat full as the man holding her legs in the air thrust between them. Her head hung off the edge of the bed to make it easier for the man down her throat to get his full length inside. The brothers had thought they fooled her into agreeing to the entanglement but Liddy had kept their minds focused on it rather than the terms of their agreements that weighed heavily in her favour. While doing the mental arithmetic in her head while two men penetrated her wasn't easy, Liddy had the practice and was happy with how things would work out. She just hoped that Ving was as successful with the man she had sent her with.

****

The man wretched his guts out on the deck of the landing pad after scrambling out of Ving's racer. After boasting about his constitution being better than any woman's, Ving had decided to test it. She smiled politely, waiting for him, and feeling relaxed after the free-flying fun she had. The man was a mess, unable to stand, and she tried not to let on that she was amused.

"Your cook should be more careful with your food," she commented, throwing his pride a lifeline.

"Yes." was all he muttered as he nodded.

Not that there was much food in his belly to begin with, but Ving knew he would be easier to deal with if he felt vulnerable without being disgraced. She wished he could have just been more polite and had fun in the racer with her like she had planned.

****

Cat was on her knees, running her tongue along the stiffened shaft in her hands while Hannah stripped him of his jacket. He had come in, upset that the food stores were dwindling and insufficient for the birthday celebrations of the young Lady Louise. Now, he was sufficiently distracted with the lips of his Duchess on his while her silk covered breasts pressed against his chest. Cat lifted Hannah's dress and slid him inside her as she jumped to put her legs around him. 

He took Hannah against the wall and, rather more gently than she prefered, thrust her against it. Feeling Cat pressing her breasts into his back as she kissed and caressed him, he forgot entirely why he had come in. It didn't matter, he was going to enjoy himself rather than be afraid it was all a dream.

Hannah turned his head to kiss Cat as she came around, relieving some of the pressure on her so she could slide down to the floor. Taking her turn on his manhood, Hannah pushed it deep inside herself and worked her head vigorously until his knees got weak and he stumbled to the floor. 

Cat wasted no time and straddled the man, letting Hannah guide him inside, before working her hips over him. She kissed Hannah who came to face her, also straddling the man. Cat felt her breasts pressing against Hannah's and moved off the man to let Hannah feel him inside herself again. She gripped the breasts in front of her and bit down on them when she was ready to have the man penetrate her body again.

They switched back and forth several times before his seed burst inside Cat just as she had gotten him again. Hannah stood up, and while Cat felt him flowing into her, she pulled her by the black hair to taste her. Hannah let her dress fall over Cat who worked her tongue inside the Duchess until she had satisfied her other partner. When Cat was let go, she fell forward to kiss the man on the floor, feeling Hannah putting her hands to work, finally letting Cat climax. It didn't take long, and the man was still inside her when the fingers exploring her made her shiver. 

The details of the party would have to wait until everyone had caught their breath.

****

Vile walked through the throng of Emberborn, holding a pallet of food over her head and set it down where volunteers were preparing meals. The one thing they didn't lack were people able to prepare food. They tried to have everyone doing a little bit of work to keep them busy. When she caught some slacking off, she just smiled at them to let them know it was alright. People doing nothing was better than the handful who still thought they had to steal to survive. She spotted Easy with her mother gathering a gaggle of children to get them some food. She knew Inky wasn't happy with the chaos while trying to admit guests into the palace for the birthday celebrations, but she was managing.

****

Inky wanted to pull hair out -- hers or someone else's. It wasn't that her job was difficult so much as the guests. Why they couldn't follow directions and stop asking the same questions was beyond her. They had all the information, they could see what was going on, and they could all ask each other. Yet they insisted on speaking to someone with rank before they believed her. When she heard a voice bellow she thought someone had snapped, but her eyes quickly locked on the most recent guest to arrive. Duke Ostenburg from the capital had arrived and was calling for everyone to order. When they finally got face to face, Inky sighed with gratitude and relief.

"My thanks. I thought taking orders from nobility was frustrating until I had to herd them like..." Inky cut herself off before comparing them to livestock. "My thanks."

He laughed, grinning. "My dear, it gets worse when you have power. Imagine this, but instead of trying to ignore you as much as possible, they quest for favours." 

"I think I'd be a tyrant, ruling through fear and an iron fist. I suddenly understand the old emperor."

The Duke laughed again. "A healthy bout with violent fantasy is the mark of a sane person. Now, I hope you don't mind my escorting soldiers. I brought a few dozen since I heard what had happened here. Figured you could use the help."

"Most appreciated. Your troops are about the only ones I can trust beyond my own." Inky replied.

****

Mari was keeping an eye on the soldiers. In part, because they weren't entirely trusted to act intelligently, but also because watching fit men run about was arousing to her. They had been managing the inflow of Emberborn as well as party guests all while trying to keep up their regular duties. Troops from the army had been tapped, to supplement their forces as well, so it was an organizational shitshow. At least it was until Hannah had swooped in and sorted them out. Now, all Mari had to do was see if anything looked out of place. Unfortunately for her attempts to ogle, something was. 

A Leftenant was sweating with concern as a few men approached him, all shaking their heads. Mari walked up to him and, as he put his hand up to dismiss her, she struck him in the nose like Hannah had taught her.

"Don't you dare presume to dismiss me!" she shouted at him as he cradled his nose, bleeding. "You look like something is wrong. Report!"

"I don't report to you!" he shouted from under the hands that tried to stop the flow of blood.

"You can report to me or I take you to see the Duchess directly. Your choice."

One of the other soldiers spoke up. "We can't find the young Lady Louise."

"Oh, you colossal fucking idiots!" Mari spun around and dashed towards the court where she might find Hannah.

****

Hannah looked up from the message to the young man who had brought it. He tried to avoid her gaze by smiling at Leira who he had shared the fountain with. It seemed to her that he had no idea what was in the message. 

'Abdicate by dawn or I will do it for you.' was all it said.

It seemed obvious to Hannah that he was simply being used as a messenger, though it surprised her that someone would use their child to deliver such a message. "You said this is from your mother?"

"Yes, M'Lady," he replied, nodding, still glancing at Leira.

Hannah handed the note back to him, indicating he should read it. His face ghosted the instant he read it. She knew he was ignorant of the plot but the note itself seemed thin. It offered nothing to back up the threat. The other shoe didn't take long to drop as Mari burst into the court and was soon followed by a few guards, one with a bloody nose.

"Louise is missing. Morons can't find her," she blurted out.

"That fucking bitch!" The young man shouted, tearing up the note in anger. "My mother!" He turned to face Hannah. "My bodyguards left me when I arrived."

Hannah snapped her fingers at Astra who had been standing guard, "Rally everyone on the ship." She approached the young man. "What was your name again?"

"Walen, m'lady." His reply was angry and upset.

"If your mother is behind this then I will fucking crush her. Whose side are you on?" Hannah asked in a tone full of menace.

"Yours," he replied, more than a little angry at being put into that position.

"Good. Now tell me everything that has been going on lately at your estate. Nothing is unimportant."

****

Ving had been waxing her racer when she noticed the eyes watching from the balcony. One of the guests was trying not to be noticed. She stripped off her jacket, leaving only her sleeveless shirt to cover her breasts, and kept her motions subtly sensual. Her tight pants came off next, her simple boxers clung tightly to her since she had been working up a sweat. It didn't take long for a woman to emerge on the balcony, intent on enjoying the view. Ving could see the young woman trying to look casual but she could see her body twist and shift with arousal. A little more time spent teasing her, Ving looked up at the balcony and smiled, then got into her racer and tossed out her clothing.

By the time she looked through the cockpit, the woman was gone, and she waited. A few naked minutes passed before a soft knock came at the door. Ving extended her hand and drew the woman in before closing the door. The woman was terrified and desperate, Ving knew the look. She wanted a woman but had never had one, scared she would get caught or that it was all a dream. Letting her look, Ving sat, open for inspection. The woman was wearing a nightgown under a jacket, fancy enough for it to pass as a dress at a glance. Although probably her age or younger, the woman before Ving had shocking white hair. 

The noble lady reached out and touched Ving on her breasts, shuddering at the feeling. It was no longer a dream, a woman's flesh was in her hand. Her other hand reached out and went between Ving's legs. Ving met her eyes and smiled, letting her know the touch was welcome. The woman choked a breath and started to cry. Ving responded by leaning in for a kiss as she hooked her arm around the neck of the noble lady. She stripped off the woman's clothing and pressed her breasts against hers. She felt the woman embrace her tightly as she started to work her hips and rub herself over Ving's thigh. Ving helped her hips with her hands and nibbled at her neck before lowering her head to the bare breasts. Not as big as her own, but full and begging to be tended to by a woman. The lady moaned as Ving worked her tongue over the soft flesh and bit lightly before giving special attention to the nipples. 

Ving switched one hand to rub the womanhood sliding over her thigh and got an immediate response as she gasped and begged her to stop. Ving knew she was just scared of the new sensation, and kept going until she screamed and spasmed with her first climax. It was always easy to tell a person's first, they were always scared. Ving wasn't finished. She pushed a pair of fingers inside the woman and laid on her back. Then, pulling her into place, Ving got the woman to kneel over her face. Ving began to enjoy the woman who quickly lost her balance and fell forward. Resting on her thighs, she didn't need prodding to return the favour. The woman only put a single finger inside Ving before attempting to mimic what was being done to her with her tongue.

As she picked up the pace, Ving felt the woman doing the same. Feeling another finger pushing into her, Ving started moaning harder until she let her climax rip through her body. The woman squealed as she suddenly felt a rush of fluids flowing out of Ving and felt her body spasm again in pleasure.

Adjusting themselves, Ving moved over the woman, kissing her body up to her lips. Both of them enjoyed the taste. Not wanting her to miss out, Ving let the woman lick and suckle on her breasts as she hung them over her head. She reached down to keep playing with the woman who was still aching for the pleasure so long denied to her. Ving felt her bite down on her breasts when she climaxed again, spending the last of the noble girl's energy. They laid there, Ving on top and to the side.

Before letting her get dressed, Ving rubbed the nightgown all over her sweaty body. Spending a long time between her legs. Then watched the noblewoman get dressed. She handed Ving her clothing that was laying on the platform before giving a cute curtsy and leaving without a word.

The radio clicked and Ving reached over to turn it on. "Yes?" she asked while still getting into her pants.

"Get to the Harlot as quickly as you can," came Liddy over the radio, sounding stressed.

"On my way," Ving replied before dashing out of her racer and putting her clothes back on.

****

Walen hissed at Emma to be quiet as he pushed her towards the east side servant's entrance to his estate. The two guards at the door noticed quickly and grinned at the sight of the tiny elf being dragged along. They took a good look at the tiny figure, barely concealed by her dress. The makeup she had put around her eyes, running from the tears.

"Well hello, young sir. Having some fun for the night? I thought you didn't approve," the first guard commented, unable to stop looking at Emma.

"Well, that was until I had a real taste of it. Now I get what you all talk about," Walen replied, grinning at Emma.

Emma darted her eyes over the three men, shivering. She started to back away.

One guard stepped forward to stop her. "Hey now, you either play with him or play with all of us in the barracks." His comment covered the muffled noises his friend made as a knife sliced his throat. As he heard the fall of the body behind him, he turned to see Hannah staring into his eyes as a knife plunged under his chin into his skull.

"Grab their gear," Hannah ordered, peering around the corner towards the front door on the west side. 

Hope approached with the duke, her holy robes showing far too much cleavage for good taste -- but that was the point. Hannah flashed a mirror in the moonlight and saw Hope flick her long blonde curls indicating she had noticed. Turning back, she helped roll the bodies into the bushes, and then went inside with Emma and the boy.

****

Hope was relieved the first part of the plan went well. She, holding the Duke's arm, squeezed it tightly to let him know things went well. Her gear was stored on the backs of his two personal bodyguards that were ahead of them. The rest of his men were behind, managing to make their escort look tired but formal. There were a dozen guards at the front entrance, a set of heavy oak doors that belonged on a castle rather than an estate.

"Sir," a guard held his hand up to stop them. "What business brings you by at this late hour?"

The Duke put his best smile on, "Well, there has been a bit of a scandal. There is a birthday party tomorrow and the only people not present are your lady and the birthday girl herself. I thought I might be of some service, given the unusual political elements at play here."

The guard spared a glance at Hope, trying not to blush, before looking at the large escort behind the Duke.

"Oh," The Duke remarked as he looked back as if noticing his men for the first time. "They can stay out here. Needn't worry about them. Just inform your lady that Duke Ostenberg of the Capital is here to see her."

The guard finally clued into how important the man was and rushed over to an intercom on the wall. A few moments later a scratchy voice mumbled something back and they were waved inside. The Duke left the bulk of his men outside except for the two bodyguards, a herald who didn't speak for his duke when he should have, and Hope.

After being shown inside and the door closed behind them, Hope saw the backpacks of the two bodyguards sag. She looked around, their escort ahead of them. She quickly grabbed both bags off their backs and disappeared down a corridor. After finding the room Walen had told her about, she quickly stripped out of her robes and donned more suitable undergarments that made wearing her armour more comfortable. 

****

The commotion at the front door drew the attention of the guards, allowing Hannah and the rest to slip past them. Walen had said the most likely place they would hold someone would be only a short distance from the servants' entrance. It was also the most convenient way to get bodies out. He was right, and the door they wanted was soon in sight. It was rather nondescript given the luxurious surroundings of the rest of the estate. 
