 Hope rolled her eyes as Hannah moaned in arousal while she checked to see if the bite marks on her breasts were gone. Ving let out a huff of false jealousy.

"Alright you two, I am trying to work. If I thought it was safe, or would calm either of you down, I'd just have you two fuck and get it out of your system." Hope sighed. "Just relax and take it easy."

"Fine. Ving, go find Easy, I have to take her. Doctors orders," Hannah said, while trying not to giggle.

"No sex!" Hope stated firmly, not able to hide her own smile.

A knock on the door preceded Mari poking her head in. "So that sounded like terrible news. Shall I schedule your funeral now or what?"

"Now would be fine," Hannah responded. "No, wait! If my lack of blood is an issue, then you can just have Ving in my place. Watching that would get my blood going for sure!"

"No!" Hope interrupted. "What part of 'no sex' don't you understand?"

"All of it?" Hannah answered.

"Yeah," Mari agreed. "Normally, when Liddy says something like that she adds 'until' and then some requirements. Without conditions, the phrase just doesn't make any sense."

"Well, it means..." Ving started but trailed off. "No, sorry. I thought I had it there. She's talking nonsense."

Hope was about to reply when Liddy burst in, "Asses up and out. Hannah needs to rest and a mob has materialised outside. At first, I was worried so I put Vile out front, but then they started bidding for her. Seems word has spread and I need you three to get to work."

The girls got up to let Hannah rest in her bed, Ving making the goodbye kiss last long enough for some groping to start before Hope slapped her ass. Hannah sighed once they had left, still feeling too weak to get out and enjoy herself with clients.

****

Getting back on deck, the girls could see the crowd that Liddy had talked about. Liddy could see that it had actually grown in the short time she took to find them. All finely dressed and clamouring to get closer to the boarding ramp. They were kept in check by some even more ostentatiously dressed soldiers on the dock. Vile stood at the door trying not to look so stunned as the girls continued to take ever higher bids for her services. Inky stood beside her, well aware of how unusual it was for her lover to be at the centre of such desire. Foxy was straining to hear all the different voices and muttered out all the bids she could hear. Conna rushed to scribble them down, when Foxy heard someone comment how he could manage a better auction in his sleep.

"You there!" Foxy yelled, pointing to one of the men. "Are you an auctioneer?"

The crowd muted its chatter for a moment as the man gathered his wits, stunned to have been heard. "Yes, I am. Best in the city!"

His reply got a few laughs from others who may not have agreed with him. Foxy didn't care. "Then please, sir, come forward and show us how it's done."

The man was allowed to ascend the ramp, and he took a long look at Vile before turning to Foxy, who stared at him until he looked ready to talk.

"Alright, highest bids go first, but we want them all to spend their money here. We can keep track of who bids what so they can pay that when she's ready."

"If I may," he countered. "There are a lot of you and I doubt they will want to wait. I can auction you each off in turn and start over when you are finished. I've auction services before and it's always best to start over than to work down the list of bids. Especially when services can be provided so quickly."

"Fine. Less work for us means more of us to see clients. Now, do you want your choice now? Later? Now and later?"

He actually had to think about his answer. "Later. I work better when I am in a hurry."

Foxy smiled. "Well then, show us how a master works."

The man may not have been universally accepted as the city's best, but it was impossible for any of the women to tell. He worked the crowd well as he collected the bids for Vile, until the bidding stopped at a price seventeen times what her normal rate was supposed to be.

"Take down the price board," Liddy whispered to Juno. "Then throw on a proper dress. A few ladies out there in the crowd."

Juno nodded and turned to take down the price board. No reason for the men to see how much extra they were paying. She was walking down the hall when she heard a buzzing noise from Hannah's room. Juno opened the door to see the redhead with her legs wide, enjoying herself with the device.

"I think I am going to need that," Juno interrupted. "Sorry."

"You girls are really determined not to let me have any fun, aren't you?"

"Yes. It's only because we don't like you, though."

Hannah laughed. "Alright cutie, have fun."

Juno left the price board and took the vibration device. Then snagged one of Ving's dresses off the dresser to change in her room before deciding that would be cruel. So instead, she undressed for Hannah to enjoy and slipped on some of the redhead's more expensive underthings. 

****

"So what makes a man so determined to satisfy himself with a woman like me?" Vile asked her client as they walked to one of the work rooms.

"You bested the monster that has been terrifying our city for weeks! Closing the city was meant to keep us from fleeing rather than trapping it. Then you came along and sent it packing!" The man seemed excited to be telling the story.

Vile gave Liddy a look before guiding him into the room, "Indeed, I did. The hope is that it is dead, but it certainly won't be coming back here again."

"Yes! How did you do it?" he asked, sitting on the bed.

Vile doused the lights. With the ceiling lights closed by the girls when they secured the ship, the room was in darkness. Until Vile lit it up with her magic.

"With fire," she whispered as she illuminated the room.

Very careful not to burn the client or the room, Vile let her robes fall to the floor so the man could see her naked body flicker with flame.

"Oh my," he muttered.

Vile used her tails to undress the man, mindful not to ever make her flames too hot. Warm was fine, but suffocation was not. When he was naked, he fell to his knees to caress and kiss her powerful legs. She was happy to see her hooves didn't seem to bother him. As his mouth reached her womanhood, she gasped, letting a burst of flame out at the same time. His tongue explored her as she slowly turned the winch on the wall to open the vents in the ceiling. Vile could feel her body heating up with desire instead of fire as his mouth worked with a respectable level of talent. Her tails reached down between his legs and began to wrap around and stroke his hardening member. She could feel it swell and gasped with the craving to feel it inside her.

"This feels ready for me," she moaned.

Quickly standing up, he surprised Vile by putting an arm under her left leg and lifting it so he had easy access to push inside her. She had expected to be put on the bed but smiled at his ability to hold her steady. Of course, her own tails helped provide support, pulling or pushing on the door handle as needed to keep her balance. His thrusts inside her felt wondrous as she realised that a willing man wanted her so badly. With his free hand, he gripped tightly to her breasts as his mouth worked over them. Being so much taller, Vile sometimes felt like no man could be big enough to satisfy her, but feeling him working deep inside her proved her wrong. Of course, it didn't strain her body to accept him, but while most women might consider him uncomfortably large, Vile thought him a comfortable fit.

It took him a few tries, but Vile soon clued in that he was trying to pull her over to the bed. She smiled and spun him around, pulling him on top of her as she laid down. She knew that his being on top was his safest option. Her fire danced in the air above their bodies, where her hooves lifted to allow him to thrust while gripping her legs for support. Her tails wrapped around his thighs to assist his thrusting while she gripped the bed. Her breasts were left to bounce with each thrust as sweat slowly formed on them. Stray hairs stuck to her skin and turned a deeper red as they absorbed the water. He started to grunt and Vile figured he must be close, so she pulled him forward and wrapped her tails around him again to massage until he burst and covered her breasts with his satisfaction. 

He rested, leaning against her legs while straddling her belly, her tails still playing with his softening member. There he watched as she used her tails to clean herself off. One went in her mouth to taste him while the other covered itself in his seed before pushing inside between her legs. Her hands massaged what was left into the skin on her breasts like a lotion.

****

Kilty was scribbling a 'Do Not Use' sign and hanging it on the washer, when Astra came down with another satchel of money. She dumped it into the machine where normally clothing or sheets would be cleaned.

"Just yank the cable out just in case," Astra suggested.

"Good call. Though, what do we do if we need to clean things?" Kilty asked.

"I think at this point, it would be more prudent to simply 'buy' clean sheets."

"That's what Tara is doing right now," Laurel explained as she entered with her own stack of bills.

"We are going to need a really big safe after this. Or just bigger bills," Astra commented.

"I think at this point the captain is going to be buying gold bars instead," Kilty replied as Inky walked in.

"Get back up there. More clients incoming," Inky ordered as she tossed a few stacks of bills to Laurel before leaving.

Kilty left her sign in place and yanked out the power cable before joining the rest of the girls back on deck.

****

Ving was thrilled. She felt the man under her deep inside while his friend pushed in from behind her. The two of them only separated by the bit of flesh between their different entry points. Both put great pressure on the spot that always thrilled her when men found it, only this time they did it from each side. Moaning out loud as she climaxed again, she was happy to finally be able to enjoy the experience. However miserable she had been when her body was getting accustomed to being taken in that way, her new life and new outlook put those abilities to use to serve her own pleasure.

While the man under her pawed at her breasts as they swung in his face, her hair was being pulled by the man behind her. She gripped the headboard of the bed she had installed on the bridge, and moved her hips around. Ving felt the men inside her adjusting to her movements. Knowing she could control where they were inside her let a wave of confidence pour over her that resulted in another climax. This time the man below her followed suit, and she felt him pumping his fluid inside her as hers spilt out over him. The man in her bum sensed the end was close, and increased the pace of his thrusts until he, too, was able to fill up Ving with his seed.

Both men withdrew and left her on the bed to catch her breath while they towelled off and redressed. Ving watched them leave without a word, and smiled at how she could be satisfied without having to waste time talking to them afterwards or asking them to leave. Astra came in and picked up a towel to help clean her up. Although getting redressed wouldn't last for long, it was all part of the game. Once ready, Astra left with all the dirty towels and rushed them down the stairs. 

****

Liddy watched as Astra walked by, and decided to put laundry chutes in every room. Even though she used the bridge door opposite the entry the clients were using, it wouldn't do to have them seeing that. 

"Remind me to install discrete laundry chutes so we don't waste so much time going up and down stairs."

Juno turned and smiled, "Normally it's good exercise, but I agree. I'm up next. This is so exciting!"

Liddy smiled at how excited the young woman was. She watched as Juno whispered to the auctioneer, who had been doing a finer job that she could have wished for. 

"And now, Miss Juno here would like the ladies in the crowd to know they are most welcome to make their bids known as well."

Liddy saw mostly men bidding, but a few of the women seemed to be making a show of it. While it would be a scandalous act for two women to be intimate together, it would hardly stand out. Juno jumped with joy as a woman won the bid. The auctioneer cutting it off quickly to avoid one of the men outbidding her. He smiled and winked at Juno after doing so.

"Had you an interest in men, I would have made my choice by now." he whispered, as they waited for her client to come up the ramp.

"Oh, I enjoy men well enough. It's just that women are so rare and I enjoy them so much. If you can keep me with only the women, then you can be the first and only man to have me today." Her reply stunned the man.

He grinned as she lead the woman inside the ship and returned to his duties as Inky stepped up to be sold off.

****

If Foxy thought she was going to regret accepting seventeen bids at once, she wasn't there yet. Each man had bid highly, and after the winning bid, they all shouted to match it. So they were all brought on board and waiting in a line outside the captain's room. Only on her third client, Foxy loved the feeling of him sliding between the soft fur of her breasts and licking the head as it pushed through. Her longer snout made it easier, though she had to be careful her teeth didn't get involved. When he couldn't restrain himself anymore, she leant forward to swallow the spurting fluid, and felt it flow through his manhood with her tongue wrapped around it. She swallowed as much to enjoy and please him as much as it was to keep it off her fur. Foxy had no time to bathe between clients, and getting her fur clean was annoying when she did have time. 

She laid naked on the bed as the man left. Conna ducked her head in. Foxy nodded and got a smile from Conna, who let in the next client. Number four wasted no time in pulling himself out and pushing inside Foxy's spread legs. The warm up a woman usually needed to be comfortable taking a man inside her had been long since accomplished. He leant forward to kiss her, unaware of what the tongue he pressed his own against had recently tasted. Foxy was surprised, since kissing wasn't something someone normally wanted to do with her, but she enjoyed the change. While he didn't last the longest, his satisfaction wasn't a time-consuming task. Her body leaked his fluid as he withdrew. 

As he left, Conna popped her head in again to wave her away from cleaning. Foxy shot her a confused look and got a small shrug in reply. She shrugged herself, then nodded that she was ready. When this client came in, he motioned for her to flip over. Foxy presented herself on all fours and wiggled her bum in his direction. She felt him greedily rush to lap up between her legs and was surprised that he would request she not clean up, but enjoyed the experience all the same. Her tail remained in the air, twitching as he worked his mouth and fingers inside her body. She howled in climax as his fingers found the right spot deep inside her. Then his attentions stopped for a moment before she felt him pushing his swollen manhood inside her. While not as pleasurable as his well-placed fingers, she felt him holding her by the tail and the scruff of her neck. His furious pace forced her body to react and climax again the moment she felt him add his seed to the mixture already inside her body.

He took a few moments to breathe and continue thrusting gently, his hands now holding her by the breasts and pulling her up to feel her fur on his chest.

"This is how you animals do this right? Mate after mate, each cleaning out the previous seed to make room for the superior male?"

"Yes," Foxy breathed hard. "I want to keep yours inside me though. Let me keep it."

"Filthy animal wants another load, does it? Why are you so hungry for more, I wonder?"

"I may be an animal but I am also a woman, what else are our bodies for than to take you inside us?"

He grunted in satisfaction for a response as he let loose a weak and underprepared climax, not even enough to feel. Foxy did kind of want to tear his eyes out for his dismissive attitude towards her, but she enjoyed the dirty talk enough to pretend he may have just been acting in the moment. 

As he left, Conna looked in to see Foxy making an extra effort to clean herself out. Once ready, another client was shown in.

****

Liera was having a lot of fun opening her throat for a man while her head was under water. There was just enough room to let water pass through her gills while she did so. The men she was with kept theirs above water to enjoy the rest of her. Her back was arched so her breasts, fully inflated, were just under the surface for the man she was enjoying to amuse himself with. She rested her legs on the shoulders of another man, who gorged himself on her womanhood. Each of her hands held onto the cocks of the men on either side of her, pumping them while also supporting herself. Their hands ran over as much of her body as they could reach. 

Suddenly her body lowered, as the man supporting her legs decided he wanted a different part of him inside her. She felt him push inside and screamed under the water with the first man still thrusting down her throat. The sensation making him burst, and Leira closed her gills so she could swallow instead of inhaling his seed. She wrapped her legs around the man thrusting inside her, and lifting herself up so that she could breathe air again. She held onto the man's shoulders and let one of the waiting men move behind her and push into her available bum. It was still a new sensation for her, but each time made it easier for her to accept. They lowered themselves into the water to make things slide easier, and offered Leira the chance to fill her mouth again with the patiently waiting fourth client.

The first man she had satisfied moved to let her hold him in her hand and get him ready for more pleasure. Her breasts bobbed on the surface of the water, where free hands slid all over them and pinched her nipples when they could grasp them. She climaxed again as she invisibly wept at how happy her life was making her.

****

Juno kissed the woman as she thrust her hips into the device she held between her legs, pressing it harder against her partner. Neither needed to hold it, their hands on each other's breasts supporting whoever's turn it was to be on top. Currently, Juno was on the bottom and climaxed again, her client rushing to get her mouth down over the satisfied woman until her body stopped shaking. Then they resumed their kiss and moved the toy back into place. 

"So many years I have ached to touch a woman," the client gasped, again confessing the limits of her life. "Always feeling like something was wrong with me. That I shouldn't want the things I wanted. Now I feel nothing but the release of finally getting the one thing I've always wanted."

"I find it odd that men fail to understand the desire of being with a woman. Should they not be the ones to understand it the most?" 

"Certainly not my husband. He gets confused when I suggest other things to please my body. As if his cock were the only source of pleasure a woman could need."

"Oh, how wrong he is. It's never about the tool. A woman's need is attention to her pleasure. Any available tool will work if it's used for that purpose. But without that attention, the tool is irrelevant."

"Of course, some lack the talent, but as long as someone is willing to learn, then it's an adventure two people can have together. I think I would enjoy men if they made the effort."

"Some do, and they are a spot of fun. But women who have the shared experiences of having their needs neglected tend to make the extra effort. Now that is something special."
