 Brenda and Mona hugged and sat down to lunch. Over Caesar salads they chatted about children, husbands and careers as old friends who haven't seen each other for a while will do. Then, after swallowing another sip of fine Pinot Grigio, Mona commented, "Bren, darling, what have you been doing? You look simply fabulous. Is it some new diet or exercise program? I'd really like to know."

Brenda grimaced. "To be perfectly honest I haven't a clue. All I know is that my skin problems have gone away and that—well, my clothes don't fit. You'd think I was gaining weight the way my blouses and pants are all getting too tight but I haven't gained an ounce. In fact, my middle is slimming down to what it was three sons ago. I don't understand it."

Mona's fork stopped half way to her mouth. She put it back down and took a deep breath. "And you're smooth from your eyebrows down?"

Brenda blushed. "How'd you guess?"

Mona's voice dropped to a whisper. "There are rumors. Do you have any reason to suspect Ken is getting a little on the side? Or have you been playing around, just a little? Maybe just once?"

Brenda opened her mouth for an indignant denial and then froze. A worried look came over her pretty face. "Are you telling me I've contracted some sort of STD?"

Mona shook her head. "Bren, I don't know anything. I've only heard rumors. It's like—well, my brother-in-law Isaac works for the CDC down in Atlanta. The last time the family got together he was telling us about this mysterious 'condition' that matches just what you describe. The thing is that while all the evidence, such as it is, points to sexual transmission there doesn't seem to be any pathology attached to it and no one has complained. Right now the government's unofficial position is that with as many real health threats running around there's neither time nor resources to investigate something that doesn't seem to be bothering anybody. Now tell me, what happened?"

Brenda stuck a fork-full of salad into her mouth, chewed and swallowed. "Well, if you must know, I was in Houston a month ago for a conference. I was sitting in the hotel business center putting the finishing touches on my presentation when this young man with a very full beard sat down near me. I kept working but something made me keep looking up at him. It was like he was wearing this interesting cologne or aftershave. It smelled kind of like cinnamon and caramel and nutmeg with an overtone of apple. I started having a hard time concentrating on my work when he stood up, leaned over me and whispered, 'Happily married women are the best. We'll go to your room.' And we did! I didn't resist. I didn't want to resist and when we got inside and locked the door he picked me up, tossed me onto the bed and stripped my clothes off. Mona, I was so horny I was panting! Then he took his clothes off. I've never seen such a hairy man and the size of his cock was amazing. After three sons I knew I was could get it inside me but it was a little intimidating. Anyway, he lifted my legs, knelt under my butt and jammed it in. Stretched? I mean. And then he used me like I've never been used before. He had me four times! I fell asleep in his arms but when I woke up, he was gone."

Mona nodded mutely. She ate some more and then took a deep breath. "And then after a week all your body hair washed off and now you're changing shape. And I bet you're hornier than you have been since the honeymoon, right?"

Brenda blushed again and nodded. "Ken certainly isn't complaining. When I got home two days later the boys were still in school and since Ken works out of the house I—well, I basically raped him. I thought later it was a guilt fuck but we've been making it every night since. And he's getting hairier. It's so sexy . . ."

Mona made a face. "Uh—is he getting—bigger?"

Brenda's eyes opened wide and her mouth made a little 'o'. "He is! I wanted to give him a blowjob for his birthday two days ago and I could barely get him in my mouth. And his balls . . ."

Mona dabbed her lips and took a big swig of her wine. "That's pretty much what Ike said was happening. But like he also said, no one seems to be complaining. I'll bet you aren't." She winked.

Brenda wrinkled her nose. "Well, I have to be honest. The only problem is working around the boys. However, we don't seem to be sleeping as much as we used to. Before we'd put the boys to bed at nine, relax for a while and hit the sack around ten. Once or twice a week we'd have a quickie and the only time we'd seriously get on was when they were at school and we both were home. Now they go to bed at nine and Ken and I fuck for an hour! And we wake up earlier than we used to and still feel great—but . . . 

"Wait a minute. Are you saying I got this 'condition' from that guy who seduced me and I've passed it on to Ken?"

Mona shrugged. "Like I said before, I don't know anything. But that's the way Ike describes it. You gonna tell Ken?"

Brenda screwed up her face. "I don't know, I really don't."

*****

It took Brenda another week to gird up her loins and confess but since she had the foresight to fix Ken a couple of strong drinks before doing so, his first response was open-mouthed astonishment. This was followed by a quizzical grimace. "And Mona says that her BIL in the CDC thinks this is some sort of transmitted 'condition'?"

Brenda nodded. "But no one seems to be complaining and it doesn't seem to be causing problems—except for otherwise well-behaved people getting seduced, I guess. Really, Ken, I don't know what came over me and . . ."

"And one of those people who isn't complaining is me!" Ken reached over and pulled his wife onto his lap. He unbuttoned her blouse and reached in to unfasten the clasp between her breasts. "Oh, man, there's nothing so inviting as a front opening bra," Ken muttered and pulled the firm, pink globes up to his mouth. 

Brenda sighed and shuddered and grabbed her husband's hair to pull him in. She'd been so afraid he would be angry with her but it seemed raw passion overcame outrage. She moaned as he attacked her nipples the ferocious sucking and nipping teeth. He's an animal, a fierce, demanding animal. It's frightening when he gets like that—and I love it!

Suddenly she pulled his head back and looked down at him. "There's that smell again! Just like in Houston. You—you smell just like . . ."

"Me? I thought it was you!" Realization dawned in Ken's eyes. "Pheromones. He gave off high powered pheromones. I never knew they even existed in people."

"What're—pheromones?"

"They're chemicals that some species give off that induce sexual attraction. No one has ever proven that human beings are affected by them because our sense of smell is relatively weak. But right now you smell a little like an apple pie and it's driving me crazy."

"Then do it!" Again Brenda was panting with lust. "Do whatever you want to me. Now!"

*****

Her head lying on Ken's furry chest, Brenda sighed in happy contentment. "You had me four times! Kenny, you're amazing. You've never fucked me like that before."

Ken chuckled. "As good as the guy who got you in Houston?"

Bren pouted. "Please, honey. I don't want to talk about that!"

Ken rolled up on one side and caressed his wife's face. "Sweetheart," he whispered, "don't be upset. What he did wasn't a violation; it was a gift. It was a gift to both of us. Think about it. We have better sex than ever and we can have it while the boys are asleep because we don't need as much sleep as they do. How is this a bad thing?"

Brenda thought about it. It wasn't like she'd gone catting around. The pheromones were irresistible, even more so when she and Ken used them on each other. And she would be the first to admit that this new sex life sure was fun. 

"Well—I can't deny that. It does worry me, though. If these pheromones are irresistible what's going to happen the next time I'm traveling?"

*****

That question was still on her mind a few Fridays later when she met Mona again for lunch. Her red-headed friend's face was so downcast, though, that she didn't raise the subject.

"It's Jed," Mona began, "I'm really afraid for my marriage. Ever since he got promoted he's been working 50-60 hours a week and coming home so exhausted he falls asleep as soon as he's done eating. We haven't had sex or even cuddled for a month and I don't see any hope of it getting better. He keeps promising me we'll make up for it once he gets caught up and we can take a vacation but . . ."

Brenda nodded sympathetically and kept eating. Nothing she could think of to say would help so she said nothing.

Mona sighed. "If only we could get by on about five hours of sleep we'd have time for each other but that doesn't seem likely. We'll need a week of full nights to get rested up enough to try it."

Brenda put down her fork. "Actually, that may not be necessary. Ken and I only sleep about four to five hours a night and we're never tired. And our sex life is phenomenal ever since we got . . ."

"Mythical?" Mona's expression grew pensive. "That's the term Ike says the CDC is using—when they talk about it at all. Some wag suggested that what was happening was that people were being turned into nymphs and satyrs and the idea stuck. Hmmm. I don't know, Bren, Jed's pretty conservative and old-fashioned. I seriously doubt I could talk him into swinging with you two. But thanks for trying."

"Wrong!" Brenda gestured with her salad fork. "Jed can't be anymore upright and conservative than I was before I got to Houston and I had no resistance whatever. Ken's figured out that the smell I thought was that guy's aftershave is a natural pheromone that these—satyrs as you call them, give off. I think he's right. And I don't think it's just the guys who have them. Monday night the boys were out for a sleepover and Ken was all wrapped up in the NFL on the flatscreen. I was feeling frisky so I crept up behind the sofa and breathed over his shoulder. I swear his cock jumped to attention inside his sweats and the next thing I knew he was over the back of the sofa tearing my clothes off. He had me right there on the carpet! You talk Jed into coming over some night for dinner. You two will be a new couple in no time."

Mona grimaced. "But that just sounds so—so wrong!"

Brenda shook her forefinger. "And letting a marriage fail for lack of physical attention is somehow right? There's a reason we call having sex 'making love', girl. Without skin-to-skin contact love can't last. You and Jed need to be touching and you know it. That's why you're so downcast right now. You haven't been laid in weeks, have you?"

Mona began to sniffle. "No, I haven't. And Jed used to be such a virile lover. I miss it, Bren, I really do."

"Well then, dear, shall we schedule a Saturday?"

*****

Jed was exhausted by Saturday evening but since Mona had already arranged with her mother for baby-sitting and looked so mournful he couldn't beg off. After all, he hadn't taken her anywhere for months and Brenda was her best friend all the way back into high school. So rather than beat himself to death with guilt for the next month he lay down for a nap and then, fortified with a strong mug of coffee, let his wife drive him to Ken and Brenda's.

Ken and Brenda greeted their friends—not just warmly but affectionately. Jed was surprised by the full body hug Brenda gave him and was intrigued by her cologne. It smelled a bit like cinnamon and caramel with an overtone of apple and nutmeg. He was captivated and felt, for unexplainable reasons, perked up. Maybe he could get through the evening without being a total wet blanket after all. Pulled into the living room, Jed found himself sharing a love seat with Brenda while Mona sat close by Ken, a slight blush on her cheeks. Instead of drinks before a full dinner, Bren served champagne, warm small fry breads and a choice of home canned vegetables.

"Just something light tonight," she said with a broad smile, "If I feed you too much you'll nod off, Jed, and we can't have that. Mona would be humiliated."

The food was good but Jed found himself having a very hard time concentrating on either what he was eating or on the conversation. The scent of Brenda's 'cologne' was permeating his brain and doing odd things to his body. He began to feel a need to keep his lap covered with a napkin to conceal the raging hard-on he was growing. What was going on here?

Brenda leaned close, rubbing her shoulder on his, then breathed softly across Jed's face. Now the beguiling fragrance overpowered him, shutting off all critical faculties. He blinked a couple of times and looked with only mild interest at his wife who was giggling softly as Ken ran a line of slow, passionate kisses down her neck while he stroked and fondled the undersides of her breasts. Brenda stood up slowly and took a couple of swaying steps. Looking over her shoulder at Jed she smiled slyly and beckoned with a seductive finger.

"Come on, honey," she purred, "I've got something I know you'll like—a lot."

Resistance was futile. And who would want to resist an invitation like that, anyway? Rising to his feet like a man in a dream, Jed followed Brenda into the guest room hardly noticing that Ken was starting to undress a surprisingly compliant, still giggling Mona.

Jed hadn't seen Brenda for a couple of months and it began to seep into his consciousness that she looked different now. Her skin glowed with an alabaster radiance, her hair shone like glass fiber and her figure could only be described as startling. Sitting on the side of the bed, she raised her chin and thrust her hips forward toward him. "Strip me," she growled, "and eat me, Jed. Do it right. And then I'll give you the ride of your life!"

Spellbound by her bouquet Jed's hands took on a life of their own. Too impatient to undo fasteners, he ripped the cloth from her body sending buttons flying in all directions. In seconds she stood naked, smooth and irresistible. Before he could recover she slid backwards onto the mattress, leaned back on her elbows and spread her thighs. "C'mon, baby," she murmured, "you know you want it."

Plunging his face into her displayed sex, Jed lapped, chewed and sucked eagerly. Brenda's strange scent was matched by her flavor and the combination was enchanting. The more he licked the hornier he got; the more he licked the more he wanted.

From the other room cries, moans, chirps and wails announced Mona's ecstasy as Ken's enhanced, massive tool plundered her mercilessly. Again and again she came, digging her nails into his back and pounding his buttocks and thighs with her heels. Jed paid no heed, so engrossed was he with Brenda's allure. Under his tongue her labia swelled and puffed. He'd never had a lover who responded so fast nor one so vehemently. Soon Brenda's howls sang a duet with Moma's as both women exclaimed their passion to the cosmos.

At last she grabbed him by the hair and pulled his face up to hers. "Now fuck me!" she commanded. 

Harder than he could ever recall being, his cock like an iron bar, Jed plunged into Brenda's open, waiting, sopping sex. Grunting with effort he drove into her like a jackhammer, his own lust climbing to new heights. As he thrust he slowly came aware that Brenda was muttering to him.

"That's right, you rutting bull, give it to me!—Give it to me and I'll give it to you—make you the kind of macho, potent animal Ken is—Oh, keep it up!—Mona won't be feeling lonely any more, stud, you'll make sure of that—Harder, Jed boy, harder . . ."

Sex had never lasted so long in Jed's life, not even on their honeymoon, but now it seemed he had the stamina of a marathoner, the strength of a gymnast and all because of the beguiling aroma Brenda gave off. But at last the tension grew too great, the drive too strong and with a taurine roar he shot jet after jet of cum into his seducer. Panting, he collapsed, rolled off and fell into a dreamless slumber.

Hours later, in the dark, Jed woke up from a highly erotic dream to feel someone's tongue bringing his manhood back to life. Mumbling in confusion her heard Mona whisper, "Just lie back, honey. I want you all relaxed and luxurious so I can have you all to myself." She climbed on top of him, tucked him inside her and began to dance. Some Middle Eastern melody must have been playing in her mind as she swung and shimmied until together they sighed and came together. Then they both went back to sleep.

In the morning Jed woke up more refreshed than he'd felt in months and not a little bit confused. But he looked up to see Mona with a brilliant smile on her face and wrapped up in a terry cloth bathrobe. She winked and handed one just like it to him.

"Come on, my sleepy-head hero, breakfast is waiting." Taking him by the hand she led him to the kitchen where the smell of baking coffee cake and fat, German breakfast sausage filled the air.

To increase his confusion, Brenda glided up, wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a warm, loving kiss on his mouth and then did exactly the same thing to Mona before pushing both of them into chairs around the table. Filling their plates, as well as her own and Ken's, she reached over and tousled his hair.

"Honey, you look very happy but horribly confused. Let me explain," Brenda began, "Your brother Isaac told the family about a 'condition' that had the CDC completely baffled."

"Oh! Right," Jed responded, "the one that seems to turn people into nymphs and satyrs without horns or hooves. Say, wait a minute. Are you and Ken . . .?"

Brenda grinned wickedly. "We are. And now, so are you—or at least you will be in about a month."

"Honey," Mona interjected, "I've missed sex with you. I've missed any sort of intimacy at all with you since you started working so hard. I know it's important to you to be able to advance in the company and for you to keep me and the kids comfortable but you're important to me. I was really worried you'd just die on the job or that we'd drift so far apart that . . ."

"What really got her attention," Ken said with a grin, "is that Brenda and I only sleep about four or five hours a night. We spend the same amount of time in bed as before, just not asleep."

Jed stuck a sausage in his mouth and chewed it, a contemplative look on his face. He swallowed and repeated the process before finally saying, "Well, that doesn't give me additional time with the kids because they do have to sleep but it's a good start. And I haven't felt this good in months. And Mona is going to get a figure like yours?"

"Mm-hmm," Brenda replied with a leer, "and you are going to get hung like Ken! You didn't see what he's turned into but give it a month and look in the mirror. You'll be impressed, I suspect."

"Especially if I'm standing behind you jacking you up,"Mona's leer matched Brenda's. "Baby, the man is built like a bull and you will be, too. We're going to have so much fun . . ."

"Yeah. Well, folks, all I can say I guess is thanks. Our life is already starting to look up but now we have to get dressed and go home. Mona's mom will be bringing the kids back in an hour or so and we need to be there. She's a great baby-sitter but doesn't like being taken advantage of."

*****

As the stood on the porch waving good-bye, Ken muttered out of the side of his mouth, "Did you tell Mona about how your backside gets just as wet and juicy as your snatch, now?"

Brenda giggled. "Uh-uh. I figure that they'll either discover that on their own or, if they don't, you can introduce her to the fact next time we get together. This may be the first time we traded but it won't be the last."