 Vile struggled to comprehend the luxury she was surrounded with after she entered into the Duke's chambers. Although it wasn't as ostentatiously decorated as the rest of the palace, it was still so far beyond her experience. Her hooves made noise on the solid marble floors. As she looked down at them, each piece was inlaid with gold artwork that formed a massive image on the floor. She couldn't make it out, but it was breathtaking all the same. 

"I had started to wonder how anyone could afford the prices at my auctions, but it would seem there is wealth enough in this city," Vile commented, trying to bring focus to her client.

"More wealth than good sense for the most part," the Duke replied. "Though in your case, I'd wager it was well spent."

"I have to admit, I was expecting you to be more arrogant."

"Ah," he laughed. "Yes, well I can be that, if the situation calls for it. Though I find life easier if I balance it out with a little friendliness to keep rivals a little reluctant to try anything drastic. As for you, well, anyone who isn't a political threat is better off as a friend. I've lost count of the servants who have told me of plots or whatnot simply because I thank them on occasion. Also, I'm nowhere near inbred enough to think offending you is a good idea."

Vile saw his smirk and returned a warm smile, "I'm happy my appearance isn't off putting for you. Until recently, I thought I was rather undesirable beyond the women on my ship."

"Well I... wait, the women?" he asked with a little surprise.

"Yes, we are all rather insatiable. More so when travelling between cities."

"Oh, well I suppose that makes sense." He gave a nod of approval. "Well, they know they don't need to be afraid of you. Whereas the noble class suddenly saw you as a saviour of sorts, and more men than you realise like to be 'taken care of' by a strong woman."

"I noticed that. I've learned a lot of things since then. But you don't seem like them. So what's your reason?"

"Because nobody is that direct with me. The women I hire or seduce on my own all know who I am and it's disappointing. I found much more pleasure in the women who are grateful when I help them personally. Walking the streets and using my power to settle petty issues generates a lot of opportunities for me. Still, I'm simply too intimidating because of my rank. You, on the other hand, don't really give a damn, and I can't imagine anything as simple as rank or station making you quiver."

"No, I usually need some good sex for that."

"Fair enough, though I would like to ask one thing first."

"By all means."

"If you weren't being paid, and I wasn't a Duke, would you still be willing?"

"Under those same conditions, would you still help people like you do?"

"Well yes, it's rather enjoyable. Also ridiculously effective at making people want to help you in return. That mean a yes for you?"

"Indeed it does. Sure, I'm being paid to be here now, but I don't have to do anything I don't want to. You seem to be friendly and kind, a rarity in the noble class it seems. However, you are also tall and appear robust enough to keep up with me. I crave the pleasures of the body enough that I am more willing than not - unless I have a reason to reject a specific person. You on the other hand, actually excite me. So had we met in some tavern and you had the same attitude, yes, I'd absolutely enjoy taking you someplace private so we could satisfy our urges together."

"Well then, now that my ego has been secured, let's have some fun."

Vile was about to step forward to get things moving when the Duke unclasped his collar and ripped off his entire outfit in a single motion. She stopped, stunned, and laughed as he stood there, proud of the speed he was able to disrobe himself. Her laughter subsided and she grinned as she examined his naked body. Well muscled and well endowed, although shorter than herself, he was the closest to her size that any man had come so far. 

Leaving his expensive clothing on the floor, he approached Vile, admiring how the silk that wrapped around her powerful body. Showing off her deep red skin, powerful hooves, massive breasts, and incredible figure. The ivory horns coming from her skull that were starting to curl had gold wire wrapped around them. Her tails twitched as they swayed behind her. While he took his time to appreciate her body, slowly moving his hands over her skin, her tails wrapped around his hard member and gently squeezed and teased it. 

His hands went down her thighs and he knelt to be able to reach where her hooves met her skin. Almost totally ignored by other clients she had taken, the Duke seemed to take his time touching them. Pushing the silk aside to get his head between her legs, he kissed the inside of her thighs while his hands reached around to hold them from the opposite side. Vile moaned, only Inky had ever given that much careful attention to her, and it was thrilling that others would find as much pleasure to be had. Her knees weakened for a moment as his face climbed higher to briefly press against the silk covering her wetness. 

Vile gently held his head close to her body as he got to her navel, his hands reaching around her to grip where her tails met her lower back. He tugged on them slightly and she, in turn, squeezed harder with them wrapped around his manhood. Finally arriving under her breasts, Vile couldn't see his head when she looked down. Instead, she looked into the mirror that covered the whole wall in front of her. She watched as he slowly pushed the silk aside to uncover her breasts, and she watched his hands blindly explore them to find her dark nipples. The moment he touched them, she groaned in pleasure as a short climax escaped her. It always happened when someone took the time to pay careful attention to her body.

She watched as his head came up in between her breasts, his tongue slowly licking the narrow spot on her chest between them. Leaning down to kiss him and wrestle her split tongue with his, before he pulled away to lick along her breasts to reach the nipples he had been pinching and twisting. Her breasts squished together as he pulled on them, to make switching between them easier. Another shuddered gasp escaped her lips as her body shook with another climax. The Duke came in to kiss her again, pushing her back as he stripped the silk completely off her body. Her body was naked before him by the time he had her against the heavy doors they had entered by.

"Can you hold on?" he asked, nodding to the oversized knockers his architect had put on the wrong side of the door.

Vile reached up and gripped onto the rings as he reached around her legs and, with focused effort, lifted her off her hooves. She had never been lifted by anyone like that before. Even with her help and the door behind her, his muscles bulged with the effort. Her tails were caught between his body and her own as he slid inside her. Vile unwrapped them to allow him deeper entry into her body. She gasped and moaned at the sensation of being lifted by the man inside her. He pulled her away from the wall only to slam her back against it with each thrust. The powerful demon screamed as a climax ripped through her body as the relentless penetration continued to assault her. She could see him sweating with the effort, and strained her own arms to make it easier for him. Her tails wrapped around his powerful legs as they propelled his body to slam her over and over against the door.

It wasn't until another climax burst from her mouth that he finally let her down. Her legs unable to support herself, left her kneeling on the floor in front of him. She took him into her mouth and tasted her own juices as her throat was filled. Never before had anyone been able to handle her like that, and she wondered how much fun it would be to watch Inky be used in such a way. Thinking of her lover like that motivated her to put her hand between her legs, working her fingers inside herself as her mouth kept up the pace on the man before her.

When he pulled away, he took a look at the demon woman touching herself while on her knees. He grabbed her by the horns and led her on all fours, right in front of the mirror wall where she saw herself. Then moving behind her, he watched as she watched him push inside her body from behind. Big enough that she didn't need to be on a bed for him to reach, he held onto her hips as he thrust inside her. Vile wrapped her tails around his arms that then switched his grip too. Yanking on her tails with each thrust, he watched in the mirror how her breasts bounced with each thrust. Her open mouth, gasping for air, dripping with saliva, moaned deeply as he continued. The Duke smiled as her arms buckled and her face hit the floor after yet another climax rocked her body. Her tongue hung out as she panted, still moaning with each rough thrust inside her.

"Are you finished?" he asked, sounding more like he was baiting her than asking if she was done.

"I'll admit," she gasped. "I do like the idea of you having my unconscious body, but I am far from finished."

Vile took a deep breath and got to her hooves. Turning around and lifting the Duke up and turning him upside down. She took him down her throat again and used her tails to push his face between her legs. He held onto her thighs as he licked in between the folds of her flesh to find the right spot for her. Vile almost bit down when he did. Then slowly, she carried him over to his bed and tossed him onto it. He bounced on the soft surface a few times before settling down. She quickly mounted him and slowly rocked her hips over his and felt her belly, feeling the manhood inside her. He reached up to yank on her nipples as she picked up the pace, and slammed her body into his over and over, causing them to sink deeper into the soft bed. There was a fire in her eyes as he looked into them, her powerful arms on either side of his head making it impossible for him to turn away.

Vile growled in his face as her strongest climax yet forced its way out of her and lit her hair on fire. As she relaxed after two full minutes of pleasure, she lowered herself to lay on the man, still working her hips to keep him inside her. Then she rolled onto her back and brought him up on top of her. She pushed him up to feel his manhood between her breasts and pushed them together to tighten around him. Sensing it was his turn to be satisfied, he gripped her breasts and thrust between them with vigour. Watching himself appear and disappear between the red flesh, each time being licked by the split tongue, sent him to his own climax, and he saw his seed spurt out and land on her face before she could take him and swallow each hard pump of his seed. She smiled as she looked up at him, mouth full, face covered, her tails playing with it on her face rather than cleaning it off.

"That was singularly amazing," he muttered, as he slowed himself and enjoyed the view.

"If by singular you mean round one, then yes." Vile teased with a smile. 

He slid down to rest his head on her breast. "You are correct indeed."

****

Vile once again had her silk wrapped around her body. Exhausted, she was still breathing hard after finally tiring out the Duke. She probably could have kept going, but he certainly couldn't, and all good things have to end at some point. 

"You are certainly a sight when dressing in fine silk." the Duke stated, as the Duke begun to surprisingly dress himself.

"I'd almost suggest that your clothing hides too much of yourself, but it did make for a wonderful surprise."

"Ah well, I do have them tailored to make me softer looking, to throw off my nobles. I must say though, it was a pleasure to be with a woman who I didn't have to hold back on."

"And I was most pleased with only having to hold back a little bit." Vile winked at the Duke.

He scoffed, "I thank you for that. I do enjoy being able to walk without needing healing magic and months of practice. I hope someday you can totally lose yourself and unleash everything you have on a lover."

"I do have a lover, and I can unleash all the love I have on her. But that's a bit different. Though I admit I did find a thrill in the thought of watching her receive your best efforts. Perhaps when you are ready, you could hire the both of us."

"I think I would need about a week to recover, but if you are still here then we can do just that. You don't mind your lover with others?"

"She's probably had several since I've been here. Now I get to go back to her and slide my tongue inside her to taste all of them."

"So, no. You don't mind," he laughed, now dressed. "Is she not one of the two that came with you then?"

"No, she's the dark-skinned woman in charge of the ship's guards. Though if you had any energy left, I sure either or both of the women who arrived with me would be in the mood for you right now. They are probably aching for some action."

The Duke pulled a rope beside the door, activating the mechanism to open the door. "I'd say we should have thought of that a round or two ago, but I wouldn't trade either of those bouts with you for any other woman."

Vile was about to reply when the door opened and the stench of rot and bile wafted into the room in a putrid wave. She looked at the carnage that surrounded Hannah and Hope. "What the hell happened?!"

****

In the gardens, in the sunlight, away from the carnage, the girls regrouped while the Duke handled the situation.

"So Vile, have fun?" Hannah asked, gripping the rifle she had liberated.

"Lots. We talked, sipped tea, you know, classy stuff. So about the hallway of dead bodies?"

"Oh right, that. So it seems people who get bit without being dead and don't get the care I got from the good sister, turn into undead thralls. She sent them all after us, and they all seem to have been in the palace."

"Makes sense," Hope spoke. "If you are going to make a heap of slaves out of people, do it to the ones with the most influence and power."

"Why didn't she go after the Duke?" Hannah asked, turning to Vile.

"He's got a bit of a saviour complex, like helping regular folk, and when the pretty girls are grateful, he gives them a tumble. No interest in fucking his own class. Probably knows how much trouble it would cause, even if they were just human."

"So what's the play now?" Hope asked.

"Take that flying carriage back to the ship, and bring Liddy here. Maybe Cat as well. The two of them know this sorta thing better than any of us."

"Agreed," Hope stated as she turned to leave.

"Bring Foxy and Easy as well!" Hannah called out after Hope had taken a few steps.

Hope nodded, but didn't really understand why. She figured Hannah had a reason, but didn't want to delay anything by asking why. 

As she left the Duke walked over. "Well this is a bit of a mess," he understated. "Most of the people I would normally yell at to clean up this mess are actually part of it. The one woman who was on my staff and not one of them was the poor thing stuck in the middle of it with you. Last thing I am going to do to her is make her do anything other than rest. My city guard is taking over the palace now. Hopefully, they can find what's left of my government and I can start promoting people."

"What are you going to tell the public?" Vile asked, resting her hand on his shoulder.

"I don't know!" he shouted. "My speech writer is was in there as well!"

"If I learned anything about the upper class dealing with disasters, it's that you are better off announcing it like a celebration or victory," Hannah explained.

"Soo..." he paused. "My palace was just attacked by..."

"Valiantly defended by," Hannah corrected.

"Right, from my own staff..."

"The last servants of the monster that's been plaguing your city. It's probably still alive but enormously weakened since she didn't show up in person. So, ignore who the thralls were before. Say they died in the battle, not how. Talk about how the threat has been purged, and if anyone learns the truth, act like it was obvious and that they uncovered nothing new."

"You have done this before?"

"Yes, once recently, and once more when I was under a noble's covers, feeding him lines when his advisors came in. Good times."

"Right. I'm going to go find a new speech writer then." the Duke sighed as he walked off.

"What are you working at here, Hannah?" Vile asked, curious about her intentions.

"Same as usual, trying to get us out on top of the mess we got stuck in. I've also got a plan, but I think you will like it."

****

Catherine was kissing Mari, feeling her breasts crushing against the massive, ink-covered pair belonging to her friend. She could feel the metal piercings pressing against her harder every time Mari pulled her closer. Their client must have loved the sight of the ink-covered arms wrapped around the noble woman he was thrusting inside because he grunted hard as he started to lose himself inside her. Quickly he pulled out and pushed back into Mari so she could have her share of his seed. They kept kissing as he finished, and both reached down to massage the other. As the man dressed, distractedly, the women brought each other to their full and each sounded off their climax. It wasn't until they were done did they regard their client, who politely nodded before leaving.

"Towel or tongue?" Cat asked, not bothering to wait before twisting around to lick the flesh between Mari's legs.

Mari mumbled what sounded like a sarcastic answer, muffled by Cat pushing herself into the pierced face. Taking their time to clean the other, rolling over to let gravity help, they did end up using the towels to finish off, but enjoyed the long way.

After dressing again, they left the workroom and received a suspicious eye from Liddy, who immediately introduced a client to Mari. Cat watched as the man slapped Mari on the ass, going back to the work room where one of the guards came out, a bundle of sheets over her head, hiding her identity.

"You know she is spoken for right?" Liddy asked, bringing Cat's attention to her.

"Yeah, I know," Cat snapped her head around. "Actually I've been thinking of getting my own ink. Some piercings. I know the elegant noblewoman angle works well, but I kinda feel like it's not who I am anymore."

"Well, don't hold back on my account. If you want something then go for it. I highly doubt it would reduce your clients. Though if whatever you get is easy to hide, it would make an interesting reveal in the bedroom."

"I'm glad you are so supportive. I imagined it being a tough sell."

"Not at all. I can act as a noble woman if I really need to. So can Hannah, believe it or not. It's your call. Just remember that getting things removed is expensive, so just think on it."

"Indeed, speaking of her, are they still out?"

"Yeah. Should be back soon, but who knows."

Liddy turned to check the sky for their arrival. She smiled at the coincidence of her looking and seeing the flying carriage arrive. However, when Hope emerged, her armor covered in blood and her face tired, her heart sank. Hope offered a smile and a wave as she noticed Liddy, who was relieved that she wouldn't have done so if someone had died. 

When she got closer, Liddy could see the expression on her face say, 'So, something happened that totally wasn't our fault.'

****

The number of people in the garden was growing, as all sorts showed up to find out what had happened. Soldiers that had been called in, nobles trying to find out who had died, and some poor souls who showed up for work only to find the people they knew were dead. One noble, who had a tent set up so he could work without the wind getting in his way, kept the door flap open in the direction of the women.

"Fighting tends to tense oneself up, don't you agree?" Hannah asked Vile, making a show of stretching.
