 Cat was trying very hard to be interested in the discussion about new ember engines with the man who kept trailing off to stare at her body in the black swimsuit. She had to admit, it was hard for her not to look at the other women herself. Of course, the whole conversation ended when Hannah and Ving entered the area, leading the other racers into the pool. Some of the deckhands had already set up privacy curtains, though Cat didn't think they were made for direct sun because she could see Liddy's silhouette riding a man behind one of them. Mari didn't seem to have bothered with one at all, pinned to the edge of the pool by a man thrusting inside her, almost unnoticed. 

Hannah pulled Ving in for a kiss, their breasts crushing together and straining the limits of the fabric. She pulled Ving on top of her as she laid down on a deck chair, keeping their intense kiss intact. Ving started to grind herself against the thigh that rose between her legs. 

Everyone watched, some in stunned silence, others while they went about indulging themselves in a similar fashion. Cat hadn't even noticed that she had been pulled onto the lap of the man she had been talking with until she felt him trying to push inside her dry. She grunted in frustration with him, but took control of the penetration rather than stop it. Aroused enough herself, she was able to guide him in with the swimsuit pushed to the side. After a few slow movements, lubrication was not an issue as Cat watched hands touching Ving and Hannah as they kissed. She then noticed that her breasts had been pulled free and were in the grip of the man she was moving her hips over.

Liddy saw someone move the privacy screen away to see what was going on and opened her mouth wide to let her tongue hang out. The man, unlike some who did when she tried to be obvious, didn't miss the hint and gave her something to satisfy her oral fixation. The other man, holding her hips as she straddled him, didn't seem to like it, but wasn't going to stop anything in case it also stopped his fun.

Mari smiled at Vile who was in the water with her. While she was pinned against the wall, Vile stood in the deepest part of the pool where her size was less intimidating. Vile didn't need to know how to swim at her height but enjoyed the water a great deal. As the pool filled up, many looked to see her massive breasts floating on the surface, the water just barely covering up her nipples. Though she soon went to shallower water, as a man wanted to lift her legs and let her float on her back while he pushed inside her. He thrust into her body with ease as he held her thighs in the water. Vile wasn't sure he even knew she had hooves. She saw Emma, sitting on the edge with her feet in the water, waving at her, as if looking for approval. Vile nodded and soon felt a spectral hand sliding over her body, making ripples in the water as it gripped her breasts hard. It was a far bigger grip than the little elf could have done on her own, and Vile gasped as it yanked on her nipples in turn, harder than she expected.

Ving worked her hips over Hannah's mouth, feeling her lover's tongue working over the folds of flesh and pushing into her before repeating the pattern. Her own tongue licked at the manhood thrusting between her breasts; it's seed emptied onto her chest before she could put her lips around it. The man who had put some towels under Hannah's hips fared better, thrusting into her lover hard, not losing his load until after the second man started between Ving's breasts. Again, Ving climaxed as the thrusting inside Hannah gave the attentions from her tongue extra feeling. After the second man had unloaded on her breasts, Ving looked down to watch some of it drip onto Hannah's face. Although her mouth was busy, Ving could see the smile in Hannah's eyes.

Easy beat her wings as hard as she could, her legs on the shoulders of a man, trying to lift herself up then stop to drop herself down on the man inside her. It was exhausting, but the small group of men around her cheered whenever she did it. His arms wrapped around her when she dropped so she wouldn't fall to the ground. Each effort required some time to rest her wings, when the man would take over to hold her by the bum and slam himself into her.

Almost unseen was Leira, under the water, with her legs around one man thrusting deep enough into her to feel like you could see him pushing her belly from the inside. She took another down her throat. She wished someone else had gills so they could pay attention to her breasts as they grew with her arousal. Instead, she had to take care of them herself while the two men thrust into her. She had to remind herself to occasionally let the man slide enough out of her throat to let her gills breathe. 

****

Between the Harlots and the other women who had gotten in the mood, the people on deck had played until they were sexually exhausted. Liddy looked up to see Inky between the legs of one of the female racers who wasn't Ving. Vile was holding onto the railings of the ship, while Easy kneeled behind her to 'massage the soreness away'. A few snaps with her fingers got everyone dressed in swimwear, and they congregated around her.

"Alright, that was fun, but we should be getting work done. I have a lead on some... work, so we should focus on that, now that people know about us. Unless someone else has a lead, we should rally at the ship."

The trip back to the ship gathered a lot of interested looks as the women walked in their swimwear, despite the towels that some wore around their hips. Once they were back in the lounge, Foxy confirmed it was safe to talk.

"Alright," Liddy started. "Long story short, the Ember shortage is crap, total misunderstanding. Yet it doesn't seem like anyone will stop fighting. Rumor has it alliances are forming and this whole mess might get bigger real soon. Aside from that, I managed to piss off a farm owner. Cat?"

"I followed him to a bar, but he had already made arrangements to leave. From what he said, I think the farm is in a mountain somewhere. When I tried to get him to say more by letting my captain drop me off, he didn't bite. Though he did mention that his garrison commander was staying a bit longer. Maybe we can find an in to the farm with him."

"That's a plan. Anything else?"

"Some man at the pool was talking about new ember engines. I think the imagined shortage and the war spurred some ingenuity."

"Alright, only one of us needs to find this garrison commander. Who wants him? The rest of us will charm our way into conversations about the meetings and see if we can learn everything without having to sit through any more meetings. That first one was tedious in the extreme - and that was just the introductory meeting. Find out what might be worth knowing and try and get a post-coital lecture."

"I'll do him." Emma offered.

"Really? It's probably his job to enslave and punish Emberborn. Why?"

"Because I can steal things with the spectral hand while we fuck. Plus, I can pass as human if he doesn't want an Emberborn, but can also show off my ears if that's what he wants most."

"If you are sure, then it's your call. Where can we find him Cat?"

"I have his room number and the bar he likes."

"Good, then this is the plan. Emma, get anything you can out of him, find out how we can use him to find this new farm and take it by force. If it's in the mountains, then we need to avoid the direct approach. Ving? Take Hope directly to the capital, let the church know what we are doing, and get back here as soon as you can. Use your racer and fly fast." Ving perked up from between Hannah's legs to smile and nod at Hope before going back down. "Inky, think up scenarios for an assault or covert insertion. We can change the plan based on what Emma tells us." Inky nodded, her face serious despite the tails inside her.

****

Davis was frustrated. He had missed the excitement on deck because he had skipped the race in order to take a nap. The idea that a whole gaggle of women, who you would normally have to pay through the nose to be with, had been giving it away for free in some kind of celebration over the race. He hadn't even gotten to see them in the hall, just heard about it after the fact. As a result, he decided he needed a drink, and hoped that if anything else happened, he would be there to hear about it sooner.

As he approached the only bar on the ship that sold liquor from his home city, he noticed a young girl in a dress sitting on the bench outside the bar. She seemed lonely, clutching a handbag, and as he approached, noticed how well her dress showed off her tiny body. He wasn't sure how a child got on the ship, but wanted an excuse to look down at her cleavage.

"Excuse me, little girl, are you alright?" he asked.

"Oh yes, I'm fine. I just can't get served anywhere." Emma smiled up at him like most women do when they want to hide how upset they feel.

"Well, maybe you should go talk to whomever is looking after you."

"If I know her, she's probably on her back, with me as the furthest thing from her mind."

****

Liddy laid on her back as the luckiest butler in the world thrust into her. He didn't know why she had been so fascinated with being laid down in a servants quarters when his master was in the next room. He knew his master would have rather been with her than talk about business, but he wasn't going to ask. They just had to be quiet and he was alright with that. As they silently listened to his master talk finances, he felt his fur get slick with sweat as he thrust into the noblewoman under him. She, on the other hand, struggled to focus on the conversation as thoughts of Emma being in the same position, under a man far less enjoyable than an Emberborn hung like a moose - with the fur and antlers to match entered her mind.

****

"Oh, I see." His response told Emma he was struggling to contain his excitement. "Well, how about I get something for us to share, and we can forget about other things."

"Oh, I don't want to be a bother." Emma was inwardly disgusted She had dressed as young as possible with her wardrobe, and the man she already had reason to hate, tried to take 'advantage' of her.

"Nonsense, you are lonely and I can't leave a young girl like yourself unprotected."

"Oh thank you!" Emma sounded excited, wondering if it was his first time trying to lull a young girl into his confidence. 

He went into the bar and came out soon with a bottle, then took her hand. As they walked, she noticed he had gotten lost a few times due to missing turns. She didn't need to look up to know he had been staring at her chest. When they did get to his room, he sat her down on a chair and poured them both a glass. She took a sniff, playing the role of an inexperienced girl, and then took a sip. He grinned widely like a predator when she took another sip. Emma silently swore, he had gotten something sweet, just for her. She watched as he took a sip himself, then laughed before taking a bigger sip herself. He didn't respond well to his own drink, so it was a slight relief to Emma that perhaps he hadn't done this before and learned to enjoy the sweet drink. By the time she was done with her glass, she started to sway like she was having trouble with her balance. Of course, she could have downed at least two more before feeling anything, but he didn't need to know that.

"So, what does she do on her back?" he asked. "I mean, do you know? Why would that be more fun than spending time with you?"

It was really hard for Emma to avoid accidentally using the spectral hand to crush him by the balls. "She gets naked and lets men on top of her. Says it's how a woman gets work done. She won't tell me about it though."

"You want to learn how it's done?"

"You work naked as well?" Emma tried to sound confused.

He laughed, genuinely. "Ah, no, I spend my time telling soldiers what to do. But none of them are women."

"Men and women work differently then?"

"Well it depends on who they are, but yes. A girl like you would do things differently than I would." He brushed her hair off her shoulders, but not enough to push the braids off her ears.

"What about me? I can't do the job you do?"

"Well no, it's complicated." He waved his hands at some papers on the desk across the room.

Emma got up to go look at the desk, all excited, only to fall over after a few steps - like she had lost her balance. The man picked her up, and Emma felt him gripping her breast with one hand while the other held her hip. Back on her feet, she looked intently at the desk, to see what was important and saw what looked like some maps. He guided her to sit on the bed.

"Sorry, I don't normally fall over like that. I feel weird. Like, excited, but funny."

"It's alright. It just means you are better doing things like your mommy. Lay on your back like her and let me show you."

Emma laid back, then watched him strip out of his clothing, seeing his manhood so hard and erect sickened her as much as it would have aroused her under normal circumstances. She also wondered how many men who had paid to be with her, pretended she was so young. He climbed onto the bed and rested on top of her. It was hard for her to breathe, and she could see him drooling on her breasts as they pushed out with her struggles. She felt a hand sliding up her dress to rub her, pressing far more roughly than he should have for a girl's first time.

"What are you doing?" Emma asked, gently lifting papers off the desk, watching over his back.

"Hush, just showing you how to be like your mommy. I bet she liked doing this naked."

Emma cursed as he ripped apart her fine dress, instead of letting her unfasten from the back. He didn't care, not bothering to wait until he was finished before licking her breasts. Unaware that they belonged to a fully developed woman. She wondered if he could tell the difference. The first paper she held in the air didn't look important. Since she couldn't take everything she set it down. By the time he finally had her dress off, torn to pieces, she had been looking at the next paper. One by one, they floated in the air. When she found one she liked, she silently put it in her handbag.

"You tore off my dress," Emma complained weakly.

****

Foxy was outright disgusted already, but growled when she heard Emma. "She's going to need a replacement for her dress."

"Oh, shame," Cat replied. "I liked that one. Why the hell don't men know how to take those things off right?"

****

"Hush, it's okay," was his only response as he pulled off the expensive lace from her hips. 

She was thankful he didn't ruin them as well, but it wasn't exactly redemption for the dress, let alone everything else wrong with him. If he was worried about what he was doing, it went away as he heard her giggle. Taking it as a sign, he slowly rubbed himself on her cleanly-shaven womanhood. Of course, Emma had been imagining what would happen to him by the time they were done with him when she giggled. Either he didn't care or didn't think about it, but when he finally pushed himself inside Emma, she just took it in stride. A virgin her size would have been screaming in pain at the intrusion, but that could have ended his distraction.

Emma leaned off to the side, the man on top of her was using the headboard for leverage and she was too small for him to face her anyway. Tears streaked her cheeks as she accepted him inside her. Emma found it tedious to keep up the tears while focusing on what papers she was floating off the desk and what to keep. She had yelped as he rammed her a lot harder than she had gotten used to and soon figured it was because he had started to pump his seed into her. Hoping she had gotten enough, she closed her handbag and returned the other papers to the desk. 

"That really hurt, but it always seemed like mommy was getting hurt. Then she said it was the best part."

"It is, when you get used to it. We can do this again in a few minutes. I need to rest. You can do another mommy thing and use your mouth to clean me up. Let me show you."

"Oh, she might be looking for me soon. I don't know how long she is going to..." Emma got cut off.

"Emma!" Cat called from the hall, sounding like she was storming through. "Emma, where are you?!"

"Mom!" Emma yelled before suddenly clasping her hands over her mouth. 

"What are you doing in a room?!"

"Sorry," Emma whispered to the man who was now in full panic. "Wait, Mom, just a minute!"

"Open this door right now!" Cat yelled, hammering on the door.

"Hide your things," Emma whispered. "I'll say my dress got ripped and someone told me to stay here while they fetched a tailor. Just don't make it look like a man stays in here."

While he dashed to collect his clothing, Emma slipped her panties back on, then ran to the desk and shoved everything in a case. She handed it to him as he tossed things into the closet and pushed him in with it. Then, she put her dress back on as best as she could and opened the door.

"What is the matter with you girl!" Cat yelled in her haughtiest tone possible, slapping Emma across the face.

While the slap was pulled, Emma fell to the floor as if the strike was far more severe. "I'm sorry, Mother. My dress, it got torn, then a nice lady told me to wait here while she fetched..."

"I don't want to hear it!" Cat mouthed an apology, thinking she had hit her too hard. "Get your things and get out. I'm far too busy to chase after you!"

Emma waved off the apology and nodded towards the closet, where the man stood in the dark, unable to see. "Yes, mother." She picked up her handbag and left with Cat.

Between the two of them and Foxy, they were able to get Emma to a nearby dress shop to buy a replacement in a matter of moments.

****

Liddy walked in on Hannah with Inky, drawing on some papers. "I thought I asked Inky to work the combat scenarios? Why aren't you out seducing someone?"

Hannah looked up, "Because Trixy, you told the cavalry officer to think up scenarios involving mountains, so she tapped the soldier with experience with said terrain. You know, the one who once lived in a city on a mountain that was, in turn, surrounded by mountains."

"Oh, I suppose that does make sense. Anything good?"

"That depends. If the defending commander is anything like me, it will be a death trap. But, that being said, people generally only defend against things after they have been attacked. So they might actually not be set up to repel an attack. The first farm was much more exposed, but was geared towards stopping escapes. If this place is so isolated, it might actually be easier."

"This might help." Foxy waved a bunch of papers as she walked in. "Layouts, deployments, shift schedule. Not sure if this is current or something he's planned to employ, but that doesn't change the maps."

"Excellent! How's Emma?" Liddy asked, full of concern.

****

While Cat wasn't interested in the man it belonged to, she didn't waste a drop as it slid out of Emma and into her mouth. She wanted her clean of that man and didn't want to leave a trace in the dressing room. Emma watched Cat work on her with the surrounding mirrors. It was a thrill to see a woman between her legs from so many different angles.

When the tailor came in with a new dress, he stopped in his tracks as he saw Cat finish cleaning Emma.

"My friend here just had some rather unpleasant sex and needs to vent some frustrations. If you want, you can help her with that before getting her back into her dress. Just let her do all the work."

He paused, looking concerned.

"Don't worry," Emma spoke. "I'm older than she is." She showed off her ears.

Cat helped him unfasten his trousers and lay down on the platform. Emma straddled him and started to work her hips, happy to feel a man that didn't disgust her within her body. He watched her perky breasts bounce with youthful exuberance as she picked up the pace. The man grunted, losing his load inside her, but Emma kept going. She helped keep him stiff and worked him in and out of her body. Watching herself work in the mirror's finally sent her over the edge. A climax ripped through her tiny frame, and even forced him to have one with her. She slowed, relaxing. 
