 Vile strained her powerful figure as she carried the massive steel safe and slowly set it down where Ving was directing her. She huffed in relief once she was finished and took a moment to catch her breath as Inky ran her hands over her hips, eventually to embrace her lover.

"Perfect," Ving stated, eying up the location. "Last thing we need is something this heavy offsetting our balance by being too far to either side."

Liddy nodded. "And now we have something safer than the laundry machine to hold our money."

The man who accompanied the safe from the locksmith was still staring at Vile as Inky ran her hands over her muscles when Liddy touched him on the shoulder.

"Ah yes," he announced, drawn back to work. "So the combination can be set from inside the door to whatever you want. There is what's called a grinder inside, it really just makes noise so that anyone listening will have an ungodly time trying to hear the mechanism work. There anything else I can do for you?"

"Well," Liddy smiled. "I appreciate the efforts you have made. Enough to offer an extra reward if you are interested."

The man clued into her meaning as Liddy puffed out her chest and bit her lip, "Oh miss, I am so very married."

"Well, it is wonderful to meet a man who can hold to his commitments. Let me retrieve your payment."

"Although," he added. "I have noticed many of your women in some rather interesting garments."

"Would you like us to remove them for you? A feast for your eyes only?"

"I... well no, that would probably not be something my wife would approve of. I am just wondering if I might trouble you for the location of the shop that provided them."

"Oh, I see," Liddy smiled, twirling to show off her revealing, blue silk dress. "You want to see your wife dressed like a harlot?"

"Yes. I mean, she's a beauty in whatever she wears but yes. Very much so."

Liddy curtsied and scribbled down an address for him that she handed over with the rest of the payment. He turned to leave, stunned until Liddy gave him a polite push, at the sight of Vile's bare chest. Liddy shook her head at Inky as she guided the overwhelmed man off the ship.

****

Hannah had just gotten back to the ship at the moment Liddy saw off the locksmith. Foxy, Conna, and Kilty were behind her, helping with the containers they carried.

"That went well. Things go alright for you?" Liddy asked.

"Yeah, everything converted into capital bills. I mean, the gold in them is as good as anyone's, but people just prefer the bills from here. Aside from their local at least. The safe is here then?"

"Yes, you might need to get past Inky and Vile without getting involved, but it's there."

"No promises. Where is my lovely?"

"She should be on the bridge making my ship go in the up direction!" Liddy shouted down the stairs.

Ving scampered up the steps, shirt open, pretending to look embarrassed. She blew a kiss to Hannah as she dashed by. Hannah returned the favour with a harsh slap on her ass. Ving's shocked gasp sounded more like a moan and Liddy rolled her eyes.

"I remember wanting to run a business. Rules, girls prompt to obey, simple efficiency. Instead..."

"Hush now, Liddy," Hannah interrupted. "Nobody needs to hear your gibbering madness. We don't have a room with padded walls to lock you in yet."

Liddy fixed Hannah with a glare as she tried hard not to smile. A loud scream from Inky down below interrupted the false tension. Easy and Mari escorted a dock worker into the lounge from a work room and showed him quickly off the ship. Ving rang the new bell to signal their taking off and they were soon under way. Once the course was plotted and set, Ving returned to the lounge where everyone had collected after Vile had finally been satisfied. The women were all in various states of dress. 

"Alright then," Liddy started. "We are on our way to a meeting. I don't know if we are going to be participating or just act as entertainment, but I would like to give you all a bit of down time. That being said, your idea of down time is largely similar to work so just try to get paid while having fun and call it even. If I need you for anything specific I will let you know. Now, the other side of all this is that there can be a lot to learn from pillow talk so don't rush anything. Pay attention and write things down afterwards when you get on the ship. It may or may not help with ending the slave trade beyond the capital, but everything can be helpful at some point."

"So we land ready to work, then figure out what's going on?" Mari asked, adjusting Easy's hands on her breasts like a bra.

"Very much so. I want everyone dressed at their best. We are going to be outsiders, but I want to blur that distinction as much as possible. Leira, how's that swear jar coming?"

"The f...er... it needs to be emptied again. Took me longer to fill it this time."

"I'm so happy you are improving," Liddy smiled as Leira's hair took either an embarrassed or sarcastic shade.

****

After finishing the count and securing her books in the safe with the money, Liddy went back to her room where she was surprised to see Emma on her bed. She was wearing a sheer pink robe and white lace underwear. A matching garter held up white stockings. Liddy was stunned. She wasn't sure where she had slipped into this particular dream, but didn't want to wake up by asking questions. Emma lifted her hand and Liddy felt her dress rise as an invisible hand ran along her inner thigh. She felt it slide her own blue lace aside and slowly push inside her as she gasped. The hand gripped her and pulled her towards the bed, leading her by her sex. Emma waited until Liddy was on all fours over her before speaking.

"I am still not sure if I want to be with women," the elf started. "But I want to be with those I love. Who happen to be women. I see you all as being so strong, so smart, and at the start I felt like that was something I couldn't ever be. Then I changed, I became more like you, and then I realised I 'had' changed. That I could be like you. I am. Not that I think being with women is what makes you strong. Just that when we do what we do it's done with passion. With clients, it's a dull passion. I want something more, with those I care about, and I want you to be my first."

"Far be it for me to stop you but, are you sure this isn't a mistake? There are a lot of reasons it could be."

"Well it could be, but that's what I want to find out. Also, I can't imagine doing this with you as being a 'bad' mistake. Had I done something earlier before I was ready then maybe? I may only do this once, but... well, I don't know, just kiss me."

Liddy couldn't resist the elf's lips any longer and lowered herself on top of her. Feeling the soft lips pressing against hers as their breasts did the same. She could feel the hand still inside her mimicking the actions of the hand that controlled it. While Emma couldn't reach far enough with her own hand while they kissed, Liddy sure could. She pressed between the elf's legs and inhaled the gasp from her mouth. 

Emma felt strange as the fingers of a woman pushed their way inside her, as though the bond between them alone made everything feel right. Liddy began to nip at her neck and lick along her sharp ears. Emma giggled at the sensation as her ears were as sensitive as the nipples Liddy was teasing through the lace that covered them. It felt so different than being with a client, her body's pleasure was the goal, not just a bonus if the client accidentally satisfied her. 

Liddy massaged her hand between the delicate folds of flesh of the elf's womanhood. Finding the right spot and teasing it with a regular rhythm. She felt the spectral hand do the same for her, and shared a kiss with Emma to tell her she was doing it right. Liddy broke the kiss and touch to lean up and finally relieve herself of the silk dress. Then unfastened her bra to show off the breasts it had contained. 

Emma waved her hand in the air in front of her, the spectral hand large enough to grip them far better than her own tiny hands. They watched as the flesh was gripped and teased with the invisible hand. Emma leaned forward to finally put her tongue to the pinched nipple as she yanked on it hard enough to make Liddy yelp. Now close enough, she pushed her tiny hand between the legs that straddled her. While switching to the other breast, she didn't just slide a few fingers in, her whole fist pushed inside the blonde human.

Liddy climaxed instantly, unable to restrain herself from the two extreme sensations assaulting her. She felt the tiny hand inside her, rubbing against the ideal spot with its tiny fingers. She clutched the tiny head to her breast and held her firm until her body stopped seizing. Then letting go, she cradled the head in her hands and kissed deeply after looking down on the darling elf. She moved downwards, feeling the arm inside her make a fist as it slowly came out. She moaned as it finally came free. 

Emma watched as Liddy pulled her panties down far enough to reveal her bare sex. A soft slap made her squeak, and as Liddy put her tongue to her, Emma returned the slap with her spectral hand. Slapping harder across the bum Liddy held in the air, Emma could see the red handprint begin to form. It got harder to concentrate as the tongue that flicked across her clit spent progressively longer moments with it. The one finger inside her was joined by a second and then third. Had she not been so practised with the many manhoods of human men she would have been in more pain than pleasure. When she finally felt her body shudder, she didn't stay awake long enough to feel it end. 

It wasn't until she regained consciousness that she could see Liddy gently lapping up between her legs. Hands running along her inner thighs. She hadn't been out long, but passing out during climax was new for her.

"I think I missed the end of that," Emma struggled to say.

"It happens," Liddy replied. "So, mistake?"

"I don't know, I'll let you know when we are finished." The elf grinned at Liddy and pulled her closer to kiss with her spectral hand.

****

Hannah started to relax as she slid into the water of the hot bath, letting her legs float somewhat as she leaned back. It was about then when Leira burst from the water between her legs and suddenly looked disappointed.

"So you filled up that swear jar again, eh?" Hannah asked, smiling kindly.

"How the fuck did you not get surprised? Did you see me or something?" Leira asked, pouting.

"Nope, just years of training."

"Oh, right. Good soldiers don't spook and all that shit right?"

"What? Hell no. I just don't see beautiful women appearing between my legs as something to elicit a fear response."

Leira snorted a laugh and then started to giggle as she lowered herself into the water. Hannah noticed her breasts enlarged as she laughed and returned to their normal size when she stopped. She made a note to tell everyone about that, to see if they could make her laugh hard enough for them to burst out while dressed.

"Fine, whatever. Yes, my swear jar is full. Again. I just have such a hard time noticing it until it happens."

"Well, that's just the first step. You will get better. Then you can just swear like the rest of us."

"Do you have a jar for anything?" Leira asked, sounding serious.

"Nope. My imperfections are in perfect balance."

"I don't get that. I mean, you of all people on this ship should be messed up more than anyone. Except maybe Vile but I know she has issues. Why do you seem so perfect?"

"It's not about perfection, it's balance. Yeah, bad things happened to me. But the good things are good enough to make it fair."

"Yeah, but some really bad things happened. Almost being killed a bunch of times. And not just normal killed but really fucking scary killed. Can banging Ving really make up for that? Maybe I should start."

"You are most welcome to do that. She should be along soon even. But it's not just sex with her. It's her feelings, it's Mari, it's everyone on this ship, including you."

"What am I to you? I mean, I know we are friendly and get along but I just don't understand why it would be a thing for you."

"Because you deserve it, but also because I never want to stop being the woman my friends love. If I let grief or fear get the better of me then I am taking that woman away from my friends. I won't do that. So here I am, in the bath I almost died in, because the woman my friends care about, would have been here before the attack."

"Don't you have any flaws? Do you do nothing different because of the bad things?"

"Well, I like to learn from my close encounters with death of course. Sex and booze probably aren't the best solutions in the immediate aftermath. Though, to be honest, sometimes the last person to know your faults is yourself."

"I'm aware of my faults."

"Sweetie, if swearing and a lack of cultural refinement are your biggest flaws then you are less messed up than I am."

"How am I supposed to know then?"

"Trust your friends to tell you and act in your best interest. Like you are doing with the swear jar. Then just try not to worry about it. Like how you were worried about me, you are doing everything right. I appreciate the concern of a friend."

"I'm doing things right? When the fuck did that happen?"

"Every time you were yourself."

Leira pondered that for a few minutes -- until Ving entered the bath and she watched her strip out of her clothing. Ving stepped into the water and lowered herself down beside Hannah.

"You two finish already?" Ving asked with a grin.

"Nah, she wants you today."

Leira swam over to kiss Ving on the lips, the water splashing between them as their breasts met.

****

Everyone was looking out the window as they approached their destination. The view they were treated to was the sight of a massive metal cruise ship sitting in the middle of a lake. It had the engines of an airship running along the hull to let it take to the sky when it needed too. Ving took their much smaller ship in for a soft landing on the water, then moved in close to the docks that had been set up next to the behemoth. Dozens of other ships were already docked, many of them ferries from much bigger ships that dropped anchor further out. The whole lake was a hive of activity. As dock hands tied the mooring lines, Liddy spoke with her girls in the lounge.

"Alright, everyone! Listen up," Liddy started. "I need you all at your best. I'd like you to have some free time to relax, but until we get the lay of the land we are focused and disciplined."

"How do you want us?" Inky asked, fixing her uniform to be perfect.

"Follow me out and make me look intimidating. The rest of you follow them and try to look smug. Last thing we want is for anyone to know how 'out of depth' we are here."

"Any specific requests for me?" Vile inquired, a bit unsure of herself.

"At this point, I'd rather be showing you off as one of my girls than using you to scare anyone. Just don't stand in front of Emma."

Vile smile and nodded, Liddy shared a look with Inky. They both knew that playing on her intimidating presence too much would be bad for her mental health.

"Right, let's do this," Liddy stated as she started down the ramp.

"Fall in!" Inky barked her order to her girls.

While Liddy walked at her own pace, the soldiers marched in synchronized precision behind her. The dock hands were understandably distracted by the armed women. Liddy was amused that even the lowly dock hands were dressed in fine clothing. 

As they marched over the docks and up a ramp into the metal ship, Hannah hung back to cover the rear. Not that they expected to be in danger, but it was always prudent to be ready for anything. 

At the top of the ramp was a receiving area where an elegantly dressed woman was waiting. While Liddy and the women she worked with who didn't have sparkly scales wore makeup to enhance themselves, they kept it on the subtle side. The woman she faced seemed to have used more than Liddy's whole crew. It struck Liddy as odd. She seemed attractive enough to not need any more than what Liddy herself wore.

"So, you are the new whores on the lake ship then?" The woman asked instead of greeting Liddy.

"The crew of The Lucky Harlot have many skills," Liddy responded.

Inky snapped her fingers and all the girls stomped their boots at once as they snapped to parade rest on either side of Liddy. The woman was taken back once she realised all the women were armed. As the rest of the crew made it up the ramp, the woman regarded them in turn, growing increasingly surprised.

"Your name miss?" the woman asked, intimidated and trying to regain composure.

"Liddy. Lady Captain Liddy to you."

The woman's jaw hung agape in stunned confusion for a few moments. "I didn't think we could work without a Lord."

Liddy was confused. The woman almost seemed on the verge of tears when a man in a rather ostentatious suit walked in.

"Ah, there you are. Checking out the competition then, eh? Did I miss their captain?" he looked past Liddy as he spoke, then back around the room trying to find someone.

"This is their captain. Lady Captain," the woman replied.

"Don't be stupid," he stated as he pushed her face away with a un-gentle shove, smearing her makeup. "Where is..."

His words were cut short by Liddy pointing to his groin, where Inky firmly placed the butt of her rifle the moment after. He howled in pain as he fell to the deck and wailed like a child.

"Boot please," Liddy requested and waited until Inky was stepping on his throat before continuing. "I am captain of my ship, Lady by the Duke of the Capital himself. I would ask you kindly to mind your manners."

Liddy gestured, Inky lifted her boot, and the man started to crawl away before trying to stand. As he fumbled his footing, another man in a fine suit, though more tastefully tailored, came through the doorway. He read the situation instantly and Liddy was certain she saw him smile in relief.

"Darnold! This is the last straw! I can't have you harassing my guests!" he shouted before snapping his fingers.

At the snap, the man's personal bodyguards rushed over to grab the man by the arms and lift him up. Following a pointed finger from their employer, they hauled him over to the ramp off the ship and threw him over the side. The splash of water and screams suggested he might not know how to swim.

"Well, Lady Captain, I think that went rather well. You helped me remove a rather painful thorn from my backside. Allow me to introduce myself," he took a bow. "Lord Captain Mason Ralia. This is my ship."

Liddy curtsied and blushed. "Lady Captain Trixy Liddy."

Liddy froze in the sudden horror of what she had just said after being so careful to hide it from everyone for so long. Hannah snorted, Ving made what sounded like a dying bird noise, Mari repeated the name in the worst whisper tone ever, and Leira doubled over trying not to laugh out loud.

"Do you need to throw some of your crew overboard as well?" he asked, trying to hide a smirk of his own.

"Yes, does this lake have sharks?" Liddy responded, wishing she had just lied or omitted. 

"I'd have to import them."

"Shame. I will deal with them later." Liddy desperately wanted to change the subject. "I must say I was surprised to receive your invitation."

"Ah yes, a matter we can discuss in private. Your crew are free to enjoy the hospitality of my ship. Though if your miss Mari could join us as well?"

"Of course," Liddy responded, followed by an angry glare at Mari who wore a wide grin on her face.

Liddy took the offered arm of the Lord Captain and walked with him; Mari followed with Astra and Kilty escorting. As they were about to go through the door, all the women behind them shouted in unison. 
