 It was a relief to the girls and clients to not be overwhelmed by the clanking noise of the clockwork servants. They performed their tasks and were remarkably quiet as they did so. Liddy and Emma supervised as they made the beds in the workroom and bundled the sheets down for cleaning. Ving emerged from one of the rooms wearing only the lingerie she had been wearing under her dress and escorted her client back to the lounge. Liddy pressed the small button next to the door and it emitted a faint buzzing noise. Soon, a walking machine came up the stairs to start work on cleaning the room.

"Everyone needs to press these buttons when they leave a room," Liddy commented.

Emma made a note on her clipboard. "Maybe some discretion on if it needs to be cleaned. These things tend to get clustered on stairs if they are called too many at once."

"Ma'am," Blaze spoke up from her position guarding the main doorway. "I find that if a person tries to use the stairs when they cluster, they clear out of the way. So if they do it while we are really working, one of us can just push them out of the way."

"Good call," Liddy replied with a smile. "We will go over these once we are underway." 

Blaze smiled back. Her new arm functioned much more smoothly than her combat model did, and the new nerve connectors didn't even hurt. She watched as Liddy went about her observations. Looking up and down the beautiful blonde. It was strange to feel so happy with the way her life was going. She imagined using her knife to cut off the tight corset containing Liddy's breasts and freeing them. Taking them in her hands as she kissed the woman. It was a slight pinch that brought her back to reality.

"Relief," whispered Juno behind her to signal the shift change. "I know it's hard to get used to," she added, figuring out what had her so distracted.

Blaze blushed and was about to make an excuse when she saw the understanding look in Juno's eyes. "I'm not used to..."

"Nobody is used to things on this ship. Just try to keep focus while on duty so you can make sure everyone is safe enough to play with afterwards."

Blaze stiffened her posture and nodded in understanding. She took one last look at Liddy before reluctantly leaving to take over her next station.

****

While Mari had wished she had the long tongue of her lover inside her, she could hardly complain about the man doing his thing instead. Her legs were on his shoulders as he punished her body with his hard thrusts. The way he gripped her breasts to leverage himself had already brought her to climax once already. It was the predatory gaze he held with her that made it all so thrilling. The wicked smile as sweat dripped from his body onto her. She felt like prey being devoured as he finally burst his seed inside her. After a few slow thrusts, he kept himself deep until he was done pumping his seed into her. Slowly he withdrew.

"Do it," he said.

Cat crawled onto the bed and started licking between Mari's legs as she spread them wide for her. She licked and caressed the abused flesh as she tasted the man leaking out of Mari. It was one of the more enjoyable fetishes she entertained for clients. He watched as she made slurping noises and soon pushed himself inside Cat, who had her bum in the air. She felt him inside and moaned as Mari put her hand on the back of her head. 

Mari was treated to the sight of seeing a man holding Cat by the hips as he thrust into her, pushing her face against her own womanhood. She massaged her breasts with her free hand, relieving the enjoyable pain from her body almost as well as Cat was doing between her legs. It wasn't long until she felt another climax rip through her body and the moans of Cat in her flesh as she reacted.

Cat was using a free hand to massage herself and feel the man sliding into her. As good as he felt, the position entirely ignored the most sensitive part between her legs and she had to do it herself. When Mari climaxed, she felt her own body respond and shudder. That seemed to be enough for the man inside her as he grunted his finish, having little seed left to give her.

Mari pulled Cat by the hair to come up and kiss her. Their bodies pressing against each other, breasts covered in sweat, and their tongues becoming entangled between their mouths. The client watched, moving around to get a better view of their faces. Mari reached out to grab him and pull him close enough that the two women could help clean his shaft, tasting each other on him.

****

Emma talked with the technician and going over the details with the clockwork servants while Liddy was seeing off the guests after a night of thorough testing. 

"That was fun," Hannah commented, sitting on the bar. Ving was on a stool with her face under Hannah's skirt.

"Yes," Liddy replied, turning away from the door. "We should have all the kinks worked out by the time we get actual clients."

Hannah smiled. Liddy was a lot more mellow after she and Leira had shared a quartet of men. "Taking off soon then?" 

"Yup, get Ving out from under there and let her take us into the air." Liddy smiled at Ving, who pouted when she had to stop.

Hannah sighed and reached over to a bell on the bar and rang it several times until everyone was present. They sat at the bar, on the large staircase, leant over the railings from the lounge, or just stood. Emma came in with a bundle of manuals that she seemed happy to have.

"Light reading there, Emma?" Easy asked, guiding her mother to the bar where she could get her a drink.

"Manuals, ones we should have gotten with the delivery, and then some. It's amazing what people will give you in exchange for touching a lady."

Liddy looked outside. "I only turned away for a few minutes. When did that happen?" Then she turned back after failing to find the technician she had been talking with.

Emma shook her head. "Literally just touching. Hands down the front of my corset for less than a minute and he was done. Poor boy. It might have actually been his first climax. He looked so surprised."

"Right. Well, good work. Will they preform better now? Those things worked rather well despite the glitches."

"They should be much better. I explained some of our problems. He fixed the stair issue, though he said it can still happen. Apparently there was an 'instruction relay' setting that is supposed to fix it, but it's off by default because it makes a buzzing noise like the buttons when they talk. We won't need it for most of them. Just the room cleaners."

"Well, we are going to have to hope for the best," Liddy stated. "We won't be able to test them in the air because we will be packed to the gills when we leave. Lots of Emberborn want to leave the city but can't because they can't afford transit. So we are using both of our ships to haul them to Harlottown, and then leaving our old ship there for them to use. Since we don't need people in the engine room on this ship, the girls are staying with the old ship."

"I totally forgot about them," Leira confessed, and most others shared that guilt.

"Yes, I am going to fly it there with an escort. Foxy and Ela, with whoever else wants to join."

Blaze put her artificial hand up to volunteer before realising that she was the only one and wasn't sure if she looked too eager.

"You are welcome to join me," Liddy said in a soft voice, entirely picking up on the desire in the woman's eyes. "Keep personal items and weapons packed and locked. The bar will be closed and quarters tight but this is the right thing to do. After some time in the city, we will be heading back east towards Crater Peak but approaching from the south. This way we can hit cities we haven't caused problems in, and hopefully get there before the eastern kingdom gets them to join up. Everyone, kiss the capital goodbye, we are taking refugees as soon as they show up."

****

Liddy hadn't been kidding when she had warned about tight quarters. Emberborn were sitting almost everywhere on the ship. Liftoff wouldn't have been possible had they packed in all the available space, but it was hard for anyone to get any privacy. 

The bridge, of course, was the exception. Hannah was handling Ving who in turn handled the controls.

"You know you can only distract me so much," Ving commented.

"You are a good flyer. I'm sure I can get away with more once we are at cruising altitude," Hannah replied.

"I mean from the new redhead. Don't think I have forgotten."

"I'm more worried about the other new girl and how distracting Liddy will find her."

****

Henry was a simple man. Not quite a man in the traditional sense, but despite his appearance as a humanoid dragonfly, he had simple desires. Being allowed to fly was one of them. When the noble lady had asked if he could fly, he had nodded quickly, happy to have met a noble who could recognize the type of insect he was and the advantages he offered. She showed him the specifics of the controls as they took off, allowing him to take control and keep in formation with the other ship they flew with. He was a simple man, enjoying the simple pleasure of flight.

What was not so simple for him was how his spherical vision let him see what was going on behind him. The soldier woman with the fire-ink on her face was setting her rifle down to embrace the noblewoman. Pieces of her uniform were falling to the floor and soon her whole body was exposed. The shining gold engraved into her metal arm reflected light beautifully as it reached behind the noblewoman to unfasten her dress and let it slide to the floor. He heard a small squeak from the noble as the metal hand touched her skin. It was impossible for him to not see as the soldier pinned the noble against the wall and gripped her by the breasts. He had seen a great many things in his life when people didn't know he could see all around him at once, but this was new.

Liddy wrapped her legs around Blaze as they kissed and pulled her close enough to crush their breasts together. She felt the cold metal hand warm from the heat between her legs and moaned as two fingers pushed inside her. Although she hadn't expected to be the first one to test the new hand, she had made sure the finger joints wouldn't pinch anyone they got inside. She had gotten a good look at the scars on her body, and the ink that covered them. There would, of course, be clients who wouldn't want her, but the same could be said for pretty much everyone on the ship. Still, she would have to make sure she felt loved enough to never take any unkind words too personally.

****

"She will probably wait till they arrive before doing anything. Liddy was never the most relaxed person at the helm."

Hannah made a noise in agreement to Ving from under her skirt. She used her tongue for something other than talking.

****

What had once been a slave factory spa where Emberborn bred in comfort surrounded by a handful of buildings and poorly designed farms was now very different. As the ships flew over the city, they could see it had grown incredibly. Many more structures had been constructed around the core buildings, and there was a lot more farmland surrounding the city under cultivation, along with many gardens around or on top of homes. The train station was likewise improved with warehouses and loading docks. 

They landed nearby in a cleared area still within the city. A greeting party met them as the ramps were in place and the refugees began to disembark. They were split into groups and guided away.

"Rayvon!" Hannah shouted as she saw the old man. Though it occurred to her that he looked a whole lot younger yet again. After her tight embrace and solid kiss on the lips, she pulled back and smiled. "How are you?"

"It's like having a new life. It really is. How about you? Clients been treating you well?" he replied, not bothering to hide his appreciative glance down at her breasts.

"Like royalty," Hannah replied with a smile.

****

Hope was relieved to see her holy order was present to greet them. That they had managed to avoid being cast out was almost a miracle in itself. She was warmly welcomed and started talking about all the things that had happened since she had seen them last. Almost all the things. They were far too puritan to know everything.

Easy was worried her mother might not react well to another farm, but Harlottown lacked any oppressive feeling in the slightest. Even clothing seemed to be optional, except for the uniforms of what looked like a volunteer police force. The two of them fluttered their wings and went about wandering through the streets with Mari following close behind.

****

Emma and Leira sat on the edge of the ship with their legs over the side, remembering their time hiding in the main building.

"It feels like it happened years ago," Leira stated, trying to count how long it actually been.

"Yeah, but somewhere else. It hardly looks the same. I mean it probably does inside, but I'm not sure I want to look."

"Want to go get fucked by lots of strange men of various species?"

"Six are in that alleyway, quite intently focused on us," Emma explained, having put on the artefact that let her know how she is being observed.

"Six sounds like a good start."

****

"I grew up in this place." Vile stated, looking around in amazement. "It's changed so much in such little time."

"I know I'm not Emberbron in the conventional sense, but I don't feel so different here," Tonna replied. She slithered along beside Vile as they moved down the street.

"There!" Vile shouted.

They rushed over to a tree in the middle of what was now a park.

"Yes?" Tonna wasn't sure of the significance of the tree, but tried to urge Vile to continue.

"I planted this. As a young girl. I thought that once it was big enough, I could climb it to hide so they couldn't order me about." Vile paused to shake her head. "I know it's silly, but I was a kid and had no idea how big I'd get. Probably still needs to grow a few more decades to support my weight anyway."

****

Outside the city, Foxy was being hunted. She ran through the trees naked, having left her uniform back on the ship to blend in with the people better. Now she ran to escape her pursuer. When she found her way blocked by a rock face, she suddenly realised she had been chased into the dead end. Her hunter lept from the bushes and tackled her. She struggled and fought, thankful her fur protected her from the bites, until she felt something push inside her and her moan shattered the illusion of the game.

"Got ya, girl," the fox man whispered in her ear as he thrust into her.

Foxy gripped the dirt tightly as she stretched her body with her bum in the air to make her mounting easier. She yipped in pleasure as he stopped talking to make his own animal noises. With only the sound of wind in the trees and other noises of the forest to surround them, the pair made plenty of their own. After being with so many human men in a comfortable bed, it was liberating to be taken in the dirt by one of her own. She climaxed the instant she felt his seed inside her body.

Finished, he laid down on the dirt next to her. She heard the call of another in the distance and called back, indicating herself as ready. Her partner seemed confused as she darted off into the trees to be hunted yet again.

****

Hope and Liddy sat in what was now the Mayor's office. What had been the radio room and a private bedroom was now the nerve centre for the city. The radio was still in place, but now there were also desks and clerks going about paperwork. The mayor, the elephant man who Liddy had met previous to bringing Leira onboard the ship, waited patiently as Liddy scanned a ledger.

"You need exports," Liddy concluded.

"My conclusion exactly," the Mayor replied. "The problem is the farms can feed us, but our numbers are still growing. The forest is too important to cut for lumber beyond our own needs. There is nothing else we 'can' export without leaving us in need of whatever we sell. And we still depend on the church for many things. They can't keep picking up the slack forever."

"There any soil that doesn't grow food but might grow something else? Something buried in the rocks under the soil? An Embermine would solve a lot of problems."

"I've hired a few prospectors and the like, but no guarantee. I was hoping you might have some ideas."

"I sell sex so that's really the only experience I have with making money. The exact opposite you would want to have your citizens do."

"Despite the name of the town being Harlottown," Hope commented. "It does seem odd that there aren't any harlots in this town full time."

"I wouldn't be opposed to it, of course." The mayor nodded to Liddy. "But I'd like a better economic policy than depending on that. Something I could ethically industrialize would be ideal."

"Well, you could go down the train tracks and find out what every city you are connected to needs the most. Sell it to them for cheaper than what they currently pay and just do that. Alternatively, you could import raw materials, process them, and send out the finished goods. Though you lose a lot when you don't use local resources. Sadly, they didn't pick this spot for the local resources. I thought this place would be temporary at best." Liddy thought to herself how she would have packed up and moved rather than stuck around had she been in their shoes.

"There is a plan to found another city in the forest along the tracks, but if we do that, we will want to do it on top of some natural resources. That's where the prospectors are focusing."

"I hope they find something. Attracting people to come and spend money on things is about your only other option. Schools and tourism being the most common, but most might not want to visit an Emberborn city."

"I try to press the importance of being polite to visitors but it's not always easy, and that's with the few who do visit. I just wish we had something that would make many wealthy people come here and spend all their money."

"They only do that for sex and gambling," Hope commented again.

Liddy perked up. "Where is Ving?"

****

Ving watched as Harriot picked up yet more debris from the floor of the lounge. Seeing her bend over to clean the remains of what the refugees had left was too much to bear. She darted over and slid her arms around the young woman.

"Got ya, girl," Ving whispered into her ear.

Hannah walked in to see the young redhead slightly bent over with Ving embracing her from behind. She looked down at her own breasts and freed them from the confines of the bra she was wearing. 

"Such lovely breasts, don't you think? Ving asked Harriot. "How do yours compare I wonder?"

Harriot unclasped the bra on her new uniform and showed off her breasts to Hannah and Ving. "Almost as big, but mine have freckles."

Ving gripped them tightly as she inspected the freckles over her shoulder. Hannah came in for a closer look as well, giving Harriot a closer look at her own.

"So soft but firm, just like hers." Ving cooed as she grabbed Hannah by the nipples and tugged her closer so as to embrace both women as their breasts pressed together.

"I'm glad your husband isn't around," Hannah stated. "He might enjoy seeing this."

"I don't care, I'm just glad he isn't around. The sight of him when those men had me? So wonderful."

"Oh yes, those men." Ving moaned as she reached in front and felt between the legs of both women but focused on the girl between her and her lover. "They filled you up so well. You know I love seeing my Hannah with other men. Giving her their seed inside her body in any way they can. Covering her face and breasts with it so I can lick them clean. Her doing the same for me as she-" Ving was cut off as she climaxed mid-thought.

"Wow, here I grew up thinking I was weird for being this way." Harriot tried to look at Ving behind her, who was breathing heavily, trying to catch her breath. "But you people..."
