 Easy let her wings flutter in the breeze as she looked over the railing at the city their ship was flying over. Mari held her by the hips to keep her from falling over again and shivered at the chill wind her so-called clothing failed to mitigate.

"I think I figured out why it's called the 'Eighth City'," Leira commented as she came out to lean on the railing as well.

On the ground, there were two keeps on hilltops surrounded by heavily urbanized city space. Each hill was surrounded by a circular main road, and between them, an intersection where the main roads connected. The city below them looked like a giant number eight and it seemed the locals had embraced it. Many gardens, parks, pools, and other features in the city were similarly made in the figure-eight pattern. 

"Where are we going to be docking?" Easy asked nobody in particular.

"Those look like docks." Astra pointed out a spot near the middle of the city but off to one side. "But we are in a holding pattern. So it depends on what Ving is yelling into the radio."

Everyone on the forward deck turned to look into the bridge.

****

"No! You listen!" Ving yelled into the radio receiver she held with one hand while the other kept control of the ship. "We are here to land and do business. We have already survived an encounter by pirates that your city is honour-bound to deal with but haven't! I won't let you turn us away because you don't like the name of our ship!"

"This city does not want the services of degenerate women who would call their ship that word!" The dockmaster retorted.

"This ship is entirely crewed by women! What the fuck would you suggest we call ourselves to make people aware of that fact?! Lady?! We have that on the side of the ship as well!"

"You will not take that tone or use that language with me, woman!"

"Woman?! I am going to come down there and unman you with my teeth! Then we can see how you like being treated without respect!"

Liddy walked onto the bridge and hurriedly stole the receiver from Ving. "It is considered most improper to refuse entry of one with noble rank and this ship has a few on board. I am Lady Captain Liddy, and this is my ship. You will allow me to land or you will have committed an act that has, historically, started wars."

"So have threats of violence!" The dockmaster replied in a condescending tone.

"If I wanted to threaten violence, I'd have used my crew who are renowned monster hunters, who have purged undead villages and haunted mansions, who have crushed a vampire and its thralls in the capital, to threaten you with something a great deal more immediate than a political disaster!" Liddy let her words hang.

"My apologies. I seem to have misunderstood. You are free to land." The dockmaster almost mumbled his words.

Liddy smiled at Ving, who made an angry face as she let out a deep growl before getting to the task of landing the ship. They both heard a cheer from the forward deck as the descent started and saw monies being exchanged as people paid their bets.

****

Harriott was helping Hannah into her corset dress in the bar as Liddy came down from the bridge. Liddy looked appreciatively at the black and red dress and forgot what she had been doing as she admired its colour and how well it pushed the breasts up.

"I am almost into this thing, and I'm not letting you take me out of it already," Hannah teased. She blew out her lungs so Harriott could finish.

"Sorry, what?" Liddy asked, finally figuring out where Hannah's face was.

Harriott giggled as she tied up the corset that was finally in place.

"How's my girl doing? I heard agitated Ving noises," Hannah asked, her breath a lot shorter than normal.

"Oh, she's fine now. Just don't let her off the ship until after the dockmaster has scuttled off. I'd rather not have to hide bodies if it can be avoided." Liddy licked her lips, her eyes having fallen back down to enjoy Hannah's breasts.

"Well, my dress seems to be as distracting as I had hoped, so it shouldn't be a problem," Hannah replied. A bump in the floor told them they had landed.

Liddy took her time breaking her gaze Hannah before exiting the ship. Ving stormed into the bar on a warpath to follow her.

"Ving!" Hannah cheerfully called.

"Wh--" Ving froze as soon as her head snapped to look at Hannah to deliver a frustrated response. As her mind processed what she was seeing, the frustration melted away.

"I know men will like it," Hannah started. "But I think I'm going to call this dress 'girl bait'"

"I think that describes your breasts, or really any--" Harriott got cut off by Hannah placing a finger to her lips.

"I am not getting out of this dress, so you are going to have to go fuck my girl for me," Hannah instructed.

****

Liddy was joined by Blaze on the dock as they waited for the dockmaster to arrive at the end of the ramp.

"One of these days, I want to land at a city where I don't have to argue over the radio," Liddy grumbled.

"If people didn't have air defences all over the place and maintain high alert because of the wars, we could just land and simply inform them over the radio," Blaze suggested as she leaned towards Liddy and gripped her bum.

"Don't think that hasn't crossed my mind," Liddy mumbled quietly as the dockmaster arrived.

He seemed surprised to see both of them, then got distracted staring at their breasts. Liddy was thankful Hannah was still inside; her simple dress was far more casual and yet the man still seemed at a loss for words.

"Our permit?" Liddy prompted.

"Oh yes," he stated with surprise as he came back to reality. "Right here."

Liddy took the paper from his hand after he had finally fished it from the pocket of his old suit on his seventh try, not wanting to stop looking at Liddy or Blaze whose uniform showed even more skin.

"I've cleared you for any business needs. I didn't know you hunted monsters." He paused to compose his guilty confession. "From the name of your ship, I thought you were here to whore yourselves."

"We are," Liddy stated flatly. "The monster stuff just keeps happening. Believe me, if I can get through this visit without any monsters or other emergencies interrupting my sex, I will be happy."

The dockmaster stared dumbly at Liddy before glancing at the ship, but instead of going back to stare at Liddy he snapped his attention back to the ship.

Liddy looked up the ramp to see what he was looking at and saw Ving kissing Harriott in the doorway, both of their tops off and Hannah holding their heads together while each had an arm around Hannah's waist. 

"Are they..." he trailed off. "You sell this?"

"No, I..." Liddy trailed off. "Emma!"

A few moments later Emma came out the door, wearing nothing but a towel and trying not to get in the way of the three women enjoying themselves. "Yes?"

"Get dressed now. I have an idea!" Liddy replied.

"Now now? Or after I'm done bathing now?" 

Liddy sighed, "After you are done bathing."

Emma turned around and glanced at Ving with Harriott before checking out Hannah. "Love the dress!"

****

Everyone was in the lounge when Liddy started talking, but they weren't looking at her.

"Yes! The dress is amazing, but those breasts should be familiar to every woman on board. By sight at least if not by touch. Now, I know the fact that we all have our own doesn't diminish our desire, but can we please focus?" Liddy was annoyed that her words only got a few cursory glances.

"Maybe you should wear this for meetings? I mean," Hannah grabbed her own breasts. "It's not like you don't need the help."

"Hannah, if you don't put a blanket on and keep the mutiny to a minimum, I will announce the arrival of Duchess Hannah Stirling and make you spend this whole visit stuck in well-supervised political events that redefine the meaning of the word drudgery. Take responsibility now, or I will pile the noble version of it on higher than a mountain."

Hannah knew that while a Lady or lesser noble could be safely ignored, a visiting Duke or Duchess could not. "Well played, Trixie, well played."

Ving, still topless, broke from her fondling of Harriott to fetch a blanket from a cupboard and was about to toss it to cover Hannah but got in its way first and covered herself in the process. The two of them were only visible from the neck up and it was obvious from the motions under the blanket that Hannah was having her breasts groped.

"Fair enough." Liddy took the resolution for as much of a win as it was ever going to be. "Everyone, I know we all probably still need some rest so we won't be working today. We made a lot of money and I'd like to give you time to spend it. So go have fun and spread the word about us if you can. Emma, I have an idea that will need your help."

"That dress isn't my size. If you want me to wear one like it, you will need to buy it for me."

Liddy was nonplussed for a moment, "That wasn't my..." Liddy distracted herself with the thought of Emma in a similar black and red corset and dress.

"No, I didn't think so, but I figured it would be a good way to make you buy one like it for me."

Liddy shook her head. "No, I want to know if that water mirror thing that lets you see what girls clients want can be used to watch people. Isn't that what it was for originally?"

"Yes, but I will need to expense the supplies. I've been buying my own stuff and I'm all out."

"Fine. I am going to get flyers printed for us so you come with me to the market. I want a big mirror I can hang on the wall over the bar so anyone sitting there or on the stairs or even in the lounge can watch it. Then have it spy on a room where some of us are having fun."

"Then what? Charge them for telling us what to do?" Cat asked, intrigued by the idea.

Liddy hadn't thought of that and her face betrayed it. "That's perfect!"

"It will have to be the nicest room. Not anywhere we might have clients," Hannah started. "Yet one that we all like to have sex in... hmmm... what room would that be..." Hannah pretended to ponder.

Knowing grins began to appear around the room.

Liddy stared at her, annoyed that the idea she was so excited about suddenly necessitated the thing that bugged her most on the ship.

****

Inky found herself alone after the girls had gone their separate ways during the walk into the city centre. Vile had stayed behind to guard the ship with Tonna, until they had a handle on how well the locals treated Emberborn. She wore a white underbust corset dress that Vile had squeezed her into since Hannah had made it popular and loved how it contrasted with her skin. The silk covering her breasts struggled to hold onto them, yet was thick enough to still be somewhat modest. She laughed at the fact she was distracted by her own breasts after what Liddy said about all of them having their own. 

When she did look up, she saw what looked like a street gang standing in her way. Her stance shifted instantly, letting her look behind her to see if anyone was blocking her escape. As she examined the men, who were suddenly noticing her, she realised several had to break from embrace to do so. They had been kissing. A few more rose up from their knees in front of other men. Inky suddenly realised why the group of men had been in a secluded alley, and that she had strayed rather far from where she intended to be. She decided to break the ice first.

"That's not at all the best way to take a man down your throat," Inky scolded one of the men who had been on his knees. "It's a cock, not a candy. Don't just tongue the head. You gotta let the whole shaft fill your mouth!"

One man who had started to step forward to talk to her paused in surprise before speaking. "That wasn't what I was expecting."

"Neither was I. Figured with so many men around me in a secluded alley that I would be the one sucking cock." Inky laughed.

Again the man paused. He looked around at his friends, all wearing different attire to indicate their very separate jobs. "You won't tell anyone?"

Inky recognized the desperate hope in his voice, that he was terrified but saw a way out. "I will tell you that there is a ship docked, a brothel, full of women that nobody would think twice about so many men entering. Visit tomorrow, when we are open for business, and I will let you know what the Captain thinks. If she's all right with it, you can have your fun there in privacy."

"You would do that?" one of the other men asked. "For us?"

"It wouldn't be the first time. Once, at this school, a friend of mine--" Inky paused to wonder if she should be telling the story when they heard a whistle blow.

"It's the police!" One man failed hard at whispering; it came out as a shout.

"--did something like this." Inky rushed into the group and pulled out her breasts. "I hope one of you likes women enough to lift my dress and dive in."

One man picked up Inky under her arms while his friend took her by the legs and felt her moan as he made entry into her.

"Cheer him on boys, your friend is ploughing a woman!" Inky couldn't whisper so she used her moans to speak as she felt her body fill with the man holding her by the thighs.

Catching onto the act, the men started to inspire their friend. They laughed as Inky took a man in each hand to massage their shafts while switching her mouth between them. Their act was in full swing when the uniformed officers showed up waving batons, suddenly caught off guard by discovering the woman in their midst.

"What's going on here?" the lead officer demanded, confused, looking at the men and then back at Inky.

Inky made a slurping noise as she pulled one of the men from her mouth.

"Book club." Her voice was deadpan. "What does it look like?"

A bright flash and puff of smoke came from a man holding a camera. He seemed as surprised as the officer as to what they found.

"I want a copy of that picture," Inky politely informed while still rubbing her hands over the slick shafts in them. 

The officer rounded on one of his men. "You said these men were engaged in despicable acts! Not playing with some foreign strumpet!"

"Sir! They were!" The confused underling rapidly replied. "They meet all the time and only involve themselves! There aren't any women involved!"

"Oh really?! If a woman wants a group of men like this, do you think she would advertise it?! No! They probably always have women and just keep her hidden so they can keep getting their poles polished by some harlot! You are on slum duty, permanently! I just about falsely accused a bunch of men of indecency when they are just putting a woman in her place!" He turned back to the men and saw Inky had turned away to take the man on her other side in her mouth. "Gentlemen, I apologize for the interruption. You have your fun and I will make sure you aren't bothered again."

After the officers left with their cameraman, the men in the alley were left dumbfounded. "Did that just happen?" one asked.

"No kidding right?" Inky freed her mouth to ask. "This is almost exactly like what happened to my friend. Though she had fewer men. I don't suppose I have to leave just now? Do I?"

The man who hadn't stopped thrusting into her during the whole ordeal groaned as he finished inside her. "I'm going to need a moment. But I'm not the only one who appreciates female company."

Inky smiled as another man moved between her legs. "First though," she got the man behind her to let go as she let go of the two men beside her. "This is how you do this."

The men watched as Inky took the man into her mouth, slowly pushing him deeper until her throat bulged before pulling back to take a breath. She then licked the full length in between shorter thrusts past her lips and gave a tutorial on how to properly use one's mouth on a man. The men all stood around and watched, surprised at what she could do. 

When Inky felt him ready to finish, she pulled him out and let him cover her breasts with his seed. "Now, of course, I don't expect any of you to be able to do this." Inky laughed as she squeezed her breasts around the man and used his seed to lubricate it as it passed between them.

It was enough to make the man finish again and he almost passed out from his sensitive tip being stimulated in such a way. A friend caught him and helped him sit down. 

The man who had held her before lifted her to her feet. "I've always wanted to do this," he said as he took Inky by the breasts and started to lick them. 

Inky had had many women lick a man's seed off her breasts, but never a man. She moaned at the attention as another man seized upon an opportunity to play out a fantasy; he knelt between her legs using his mouth on her to catch the seed of the man who had filled her. Inky giggled as another man pushed himself between the cheeks of her bum.

"This is something I've sort of done a lot," he mentioned and waited to make sure Inky was okay with it before pushing himself inside her.

Feeling a man in her bum while another ate from her womanhood while her breasts were licked and nibbled by the man squeezing and teasing her nipples in his hands made Inky scream in climax. The idea that they were still putting on a show for anyone who may have lingered was a thrill for Inky, as each man took a turn with her in some way to help sell the story.

****

Hannah was mildly annoyed that Liddy had gotten the first batch of flyers finished so quickly. The print shop had been struggling for clients lately and was quick to serve. While Liddy waited for the rest, Hannah had to hand them out instead of running off. Her dress had attracted enough attention that more than a few men asked if she had worked at a local club. After giving them a flyer, she obtained directions to the club they had mentioned. Sex wasn't legal to buy in the city, so it seemed like a good place to get rid of the rest of her flyers before she went to do her own thing.

On her way through a park, she spotted a young woman on a bench wearing an old worn corset dress like her own but in a shade of dull blue. The woman clutched a bag to her chest and Hannah could see her struggling not to cry. It wasn't the first time she had seen someone with the look of suddenly being at the end of their rope. Hannah approached and sat next to her on the bench.

"You look like you might need a hug." Hannah opened her arms to welcome the pretty woman into her embrace.

The woman looked over at Hannah, her eyes having the look of total disconnection to reality. It took her almost half a minute to process what she was seeing. "What did you say?"

"You look like you might need a hug," Hannah repeated. "I've seen the look in your eyes before. Seems like life has been terrible for you recently or for a long time and just got a whole lot worse. Or both. Either way, I'd like to help. With hugs or violence. Hugs for you, violence for whoever hurt you."

"It was my fault." The woman sighed as she slumped her shoulders. "I went too far and now I have to pay the price."

"Start at the beginning." Hannah rested her arms, seeing that she wasn't going to hug.

"Mom died giving birth to my Emberborn sister. Dad died in the war years later. I started working at a wire office, but it wasn't enough to support both of us. So my sister sold herself to buy me this dress and get me started at a gentlemen's club. I've been saving my money to buy her back but it was so slow. I started doing things for clients I wasn't allowed to do and I just got caught. Fired, arrested, and my bank says all my money is gone. I have to pay a huge fine or go to jail and I have no way to get any money."

Hannah took a moment to think. "Well, I have two options for you." Hannah passed her one of the flyers. "You can work on our ship and get paid enough in a few days to cover anything you need to pay for. But, you seem to be doing it out of desperation rather than enjoyment so I'd say that's our fallback plan. First, we can try getting some revenge on your former workplace. If it's the one I am already going to, I'm going to be ruining their profit margins for the next few days either way, so might as well call it revenge. Then we go to the bank after and see if we can wrangle your funds back. Lastly, we look into freeing your sister."
